


A Cello in Abstract

by
Greg Arritt

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 by Greg Arritt

All rights reserved.

No part of this work may be reproduced in any fashion without the express, written consent of the copyright holder. 
A Cello in Abstract is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed herein are fictitious and are not based on any real persons living or dead. 

Cover Design by Nancy Razo



Chapter One


Pelted by a September morning rain, Redding Teska bolted from his Mercedes, across the parking lot, and into the office lobby. There, he slipped off his jacket and shook away the remaining droplets before they seeped into the material. Only then did he really notice his surroundings. Everything from the desks to the décor looked dated; even the paint seemed drab. It seemed odd that he hadn’t noticed it before, especially since he was there nearly every day, but during lean times, things got overlooked. The past few years, things had been really tough. A few months, they didn’t even have enough in the bank to meet payroll, but all that was about to change.
Yesterday, just as the day ended and he was about to leave, a gift from the gods landed on his desk. It arrived in the form of a sizable purchase order from K’Myles. The company had once been a leading client until the relationship soured. After that, Redding never expected to hear from them again, but even more surprising than their sudden return was the size of the purchase order. It would run their production at eighty percent capacity for the next twelve months. More importantly, it would infuse badly needed capital into the company.

* * *

His taste for the precision manufacturing business had soured some time ago, but he still had certain responsibilities. The downturn in the aerospace industry had pretty much turned their company upside down. They were once flush with clients, but now they fought in an overly competitive market for every deal that came in the door. Any enthusiasm he once held for the business had evaporated long ago. Every hour of the day was dreaded, especially the task of having to lay off employees. Despite a shrinking client base and diminishing revenues, he couldn’t exactly quit the business. He held a half-interest in the company and he was sadly lacking any alternatives.

* * *

His office was at one end of the complex, separated from Yves’ office by a cluster of cubicles. At one time, every cubicle had been occupied; now all but three were empty. He had no sooner sat down behind his desk than Pila barged in wielding a cup of coffee. As the office administrator, she figured she had carte blanche to do as she pleased. Set in her ways and abrasive to a fault, she made Redding often wish that she would just retire. The only reason they tolerated her intrusive manner was that she was so damned efficient.
“Yves wants to meet with you today,” she said brusquely, stopping only to sip her coffee. “And the purchase order for K’Myles is already in preproduction.” With that, she was out the door.
Yves Lachaud had been his partner for nearly twelve years. Yves’ primary focus had been on manufacturing, and Redding was responsible for the marketing side of the business. All financial, personnel, and corporate decisions were made jointly. The division of management had worked well and the company had thrived until the crash of the aerospace industry.
Their partnership was no different than any other collaboration. They had their share of disagreements and most were resolved amicably enough, but in the earlier years, arguments often coursed out of control with raging tempers. In hindsight, it was just sheer luck that got them through those exchanges before any real damage was done to the partnership.

* * *

People who knew him well called him Red, but at times the familiar nickname seemed like an unnatural fit. Mostly it was because he had a full head of dark hair, which in the last few years had given way to an encroachment of gray at the temples. He wasn’t bothered by the gray or even the deepening creases at the outer edges of his eyes. They were just everyday reminders of the years that had already passed. Only eight months shy of turning fifty, Redding was grateful his looks hadn’t yet betrayed his age.
It had been some three years since his divorce from Victoria, yet he still missed lying around in bed with her on the weekends. They would read out loud to each other, every week a different novel. They had once been best friends until everything went awry.
He dated sporadically, but had no interest in developing a relationship. It hadn’t been intentional, but increasingly, he found himself becoming something of a loner. There was a period of adjustment that followed the divorce, but living alone wasn’t so bad.

* * *

When he was married, business had been good. He had landed one contract after another, and Victoria’s real estate company had nearly tripled its sales volume. Flush with income, they dumped a lot of money into a venture capital scheme that subsequently failed. Their decision to invest wasn’t well thought out and the losses were staggering. They argued about it constantly, passing the blame back and forth until it reached a point that it had damaged their marriage.
The failed investment wasn’t the only issue that plagued their marriage. Redding had wanted a family, but all attempts were unsuccessful due to Victoria’s inability to have children. Redding suggested that they pursue some of the alternatives, but she resisted. She claimed to be lacking any sense of maternal instinct and even remarked that it was probably for the best. It was never quite understood why she was so averse to raising a family. He liked the idea of having children and all of the daily disruptions that made up family life. Several times he asked her to reconsider, but she refused to discuss the matter any further.
Eventually, they just drifted apart and began to lead separate lives. Still living under the same roof, they ignored each other and slept in separate bedrooms. In hindsight, the divorce was inevitable, but through its ashes they had managed to remain friends, sometimes even intimate.
The division of assets had been skewed in Victoria’s favor, leaving him with a condominium that was mortgage free, a Keogh that was worth a couple hundred thousand, and his half-interest in the partnership. The marriage had lasted for seven years, but it was the two years of living together prior to the marriage that he valued the most.

* * *

It was mid-afternoon when Yves appeared in the doorway of his office. His tie had been loosened and his collar unbuttoned, which usually meant he was having a bad day. The bags under his eyes seemed darker than usual, but it probably wasn’t just from a lack of sleep. Most likely, he was worrying about something. He walked in and sat heavily in a chair across from Redding. He ran his hand over his nearly bald head, knocking back a few errant strands of hair.
“Well, congratulation on that K’Myles order, that one should save our asses.”
“Can you believe it? That’s our first order from them in over two years,” Redding said. It was one of those higher-margin deals that would do more than solve their cash flow problems. It would allow Yves to draw back his recent infusion of cash into the company.
Redding had stumbled onto the K’Myles account quite by accident. They weren’t even remotely related to the aerospace industry, but they had been an apex client until he’d run afoul of their purchasing procedures.
Yves sat there blindly staring at Redding but saying nothing. A lot of things bothered him, but making money was the only thing he worried about. A few months back, he had loaned the company two hundred thousand to cover some pressing debts, and Redding was responsible for half. They had considered a business loan, but their balance sheet wasn’t worthy of bank credit. Anyway, Yves had argued against the bank loan. Money wasn’t a problem for him. He came from money, but for Redding it was a different situation.
“I haven’t forgotten about the hundred thousand. I just need some time,” Redding said.
“Hell, I know that.” Yves said.
“Alright, so what’s this about?”
“I’m going to be out of the office all day tomorrow and I was wondering if you could follow up on few things for me. There are some receivables that need attention and we’ve got a few production orders closing in on their deadline. Pila has the paperwork.”
“No problem. I’ll take care of it.”
Yves stood up and headed toward the door, but stopped short. He turned around to face Redding. 
“Is there something else?” Redding asked.
“Well, do you realize that’s been over two years since you’ve taken any time off?”
Redding leaned back in his chair and eyed Yves suspiciously. Something about the question struck him as inherently strange. Yves was a dedicated workaholic, through and through. He generally thought of vacations as a waste of productive time.
“Really, has it been that long?” Redding ran a few mental calculations. The last time he took any time off was shortly after his divorce. He flew to the Netherlands to tour the regional museums of art. It was something he had always wanted to do, but Victoria always objected. For her, if it wasn’t France, Spain, or Italy, it was out of the question.
After Yves left, Redding turned his attention back to the K’Myles order. The production prep was complete and the first run was set to begin in the morning. Then, he finished the day by completing some paperwork and was out of the office by four-thirty. There was another matter that required his attention, so he put all thoughts of business away.

* * *

The Pasadena Library of Fine Arts was holding a special exhibit and, as a patron of the library, Redding had been invited. The reason for this particular exhibit had been the acquisition of three well-known paintings. The library had acquired a Romanelli and a Poussin at auction. A third painting by Degas had been donated by a Pasadena resident from his private collection. As much as the exhibit was supposed to be about art, it was also to a lesser degree a social event. He would have preferred to bypass the entire social aspect of the exhibit, but that was unrealistic. He had little patience for boring conversations and his affection for art ran deeper than that of most individuals he encountered. There was always conversation about some painting or artist, but most were in attendance simply to be seen as supporting the arts. Everyone had a reason for attending and he was no different. His reason centered on his passion for realism.
Realism had been the catalyst that inspired his love for art. It took hold of his consciousness in a way that no other period of art ever had. His understanding of realism seemed to reach beyond the canvas, almost as though he could sense the artist’s thoughts. After a few quiet moments of viewing, a painting would come alive often drawing out an unexpected emotion. He would study the images and the perspective, the source of lighting, and the contrast of colors. Close attention was paid to every nuance that brought the painting to life. He was a firm believer that a painting had to be felt in order to be understood and truly appreciated.

* * *

The reception in the lobby of the museum was already crowded with guests by the time he arrived. He hadn’t taken two steps through the door when Judith Mullooly spotted him. She quickly made her way over to him, grabbing onto an arm with both hands. She was one of the people he dreaded running into at these events. She came to the exhibits not for the art, but to find a husband. He had managed to stay clear of her until she discovered that he was no longer married.
“I’ve been waiting for you,” she gushed as they made their way into the lobby. “I thought we could see the exhibit together.”
He had no intention of seeing this exhibit or any other with her. He preferred to view the paintings alone, without interruption. He couldn’t deny that she was attractive, but her brash demeanor just didn’t sit well with him. She clung to his arm as if asserting her claim and announcing to all others that he was taken. He resented the implication and was just about to extricate himself from her grasp when Mrs. Lillian Geary walked over.
“Mr. Teska, may I have a word with you?” she said before turning to Judith. “This shouldn’t take too long.”
Mrs. Geary was one of the few people that he actually looked forward to seeing. She had to be well into her sixties and yet she continued to teach art history at a community college. It was through her class that his fascination for the historic canvasses began to develop. He was only a week into the course when a painting captured his eye. It would be the first of many, but the accompanying notation wasn’t enough to satisfy his curiosity. He wanted the full provenance, not just a cursory blurb. He scoured the library archives, unearthing every detail related to the painting, until there was nothing else to find. That set him apart from all the other students and had caused Mrs. Geary to take notice.
“Really, Mr. Teska, you’ve been divorced how long?” she said as they walked back to where Mr. Geary was standing. “I would really think you would know how to handle that kind of situation by now.”
“She just wanted some conversation,” he said, trying to be polite.
“Is that what she wanted?” Mrs. Geary asked, but she didn’t wait for an answer before addressing what was really on her mind. “Well you know, actually I wanted to ask you about a painting.”
She often relied on him for additional research that centered on some particular artist or painting. She had the resources, but most likely she didn’t have time. He not only relished the task of ferreting out the provenance of some obscure artwork, but also enjoyed the recognition from her as a quasi authority.
“One of my students mentioned a painting that she viewed while visiting China. I think it was in Suzhou.” She paused.
“Suzhou?” he asked.
“No, no! It was the old city of Suzhou. That’s what she said, the old city. Well, why not? There are famous paintings in museums all over the world, so why not China,” she answered, as if she expected to be questioned. “Anyway, it was supposedly a realist painting in a European setting. It was a painting of a man playing an old, weathered cello, and supposedly there was a contrast between the old and the new. The old was the weathered cello and it was held against a backdrop of new, fresh-cut flowers.”
“An old, weathered cello?” Redding’s voice trailed off. There was something in her description that made him feel as though he should know the painting and yet nothing came to mind.
“Yes, are you familiar with it?”
“No, I don’t think so. You don’t happen to know the artist?”
“Afraid not! If I knew who the artist was, I could look up the painting myself,” Mrs. Geary said, sounding a little sour.
“Well, it shouldn’t be too difficult to uncover something. I’ll have a look, then I’ll let you know.”
Seemingly satisfied with his offer, Mrs. Geary nodded her head before being pulled away into a conversation with another attendee. Having no interest in socializing any further, Redding drifted away from the reception area and into the exhibit hall.



Chapter Two


Early the next morning, Redding cracked the blinds in his office to let in the morning sunlight, then slipped his jacket off and hung it on the coat stand. Settling in his chair, he began thumbing through a stack of new paperwork that had been placed on his desk. He pulled an invoice from the stack and had started working his way through the numbers when something caused him to look up. Standing right in front of his desk was Pila, who never knocked or asked permission. She would just barge into his office, interrupting phone calls and meetings, which he hated.
“I hope you can handle some bad news,” she said.
Setting the invoice on his desk, he leaned back into his chair and feigned a halfhearted interest in whatever she had to say.
“K’Myles cancelled the order.”
“Are you kidding me?” Redding barked. “Those goddamn bastards, the whole fucking lot of them! What the hell happened?”
“Don’t you dare use that vulgar language near me. And I don’t know what happened! Argus called first thing this morning and cancelled it.”
Upsetting her sensibilities was the least of his concerns. The largest purchase order they had seen in years had just evaporated. It had been a fat one, and it would have set the company straight, but now they were right back in deep financial water. He had to call Argus, the purchasing agent at K’Myles, and find out what happened. One way or another, he had to convince Argus to reissue the purchase order. As it was, they barely had enough production to keep the doors open.
“Here are the production runs that are getting close to their due dates,” Pila said as she dropped a computer printout on his desk.
Yves was out of the office for the day and the job of following up on the production orders had fallen to him. Having finished with the invoices, he headed out to the machine shop, then to fabrication, and from there to shipping. It didn’t seem to matter where he was, the overall atmosphere was decidedly tense. The employees had heard that a layoff was coming, which may have explained why production orders were taking longer than the time allocated. When he finally returned to his office, he half expected to find another pile of invoices, but there was nothing other than two e-mails in his inbox. The first one was from a friend who used to work for K’Myles:
Just wanted to give you a heads up. K’Myles filed for protection this morning, in other words, they’re bankrupt.
That explained the cancellation of the purchase order, which meant calling Argus would have been pointless. The second e-mail was from Mrs. Geary:
I am so sorry! The painting in question is apparently nothing more than a red herring. When I talked to the student this morning, she told me that she didn’t see the painting in a museum, but in a trendy clothing store. Certainly, no painting of any significance would be displayed in a clothing store. I sincerely apologize.
He winced at having completely forgotten to research the painting, but at least there was some relief in knowing that it all would have been for naught.

* * *

Before leaving the office, Redding changed into his running gear. If there had been sufficient light he would have preferred the trails of the Santa Monica Mountains, but already the sun had nearly set. That meant he was relegated to the track at the city college. The track didn’t possess the challenges of the mountain trails, but it still provided a decent workout and that was exactly what he needed to clear his mind of all work-related issues.
For the first three or four laps, he sporadically adjusted his stride as a means of controlling his breathing. Once his breathing was under control, he mentally set himself on automatic and let his thoughts drift away.
The daylight soon turned to darkness, but he stayed on the track, aided only by a rising three-quarter moon. He pounded the track, lap after lap, constantly pushing the limits of his one-hundred-ninety-pound, six-foot frame. Over the years, he’d made an effort to keep himself in shape, but the physique of his youth had long ago been replaced by a more mature, yet slightly less muscular form.
He never bothered to count the laps. Instead he just let his mind wander, completely oblivious to the outside world. He pushed his body toward exhaustion while not necessarily thinking of anything. That’s when the image popped into his head. It was the painting that Mrs. Geary had mentioned. He had seen it before, or more accurately, had seen a picture of the painting somewhere.

* * *

Soaked in sweat, he had meant to shower the moment he walked through the door, but instead he headed straight for the den. He stood for a full minute staring at the art history books that lined the shelves, trying to decide where to start. At one time or another he had read all of them, but many were no longer familiar. The only criterion that seemed viable meant focusing largely on the lesser-known artists of the nineteenth century. After identifying a number of books, he started pulling them from the shelves, one after another, until he caught a whiff of his own stale sweat.
Everything was set aside just long enough for a shower and a change of clothes. Then, settling into a leather chair and pulling the first book from the top of the stack, he began the task. He thumbed through the book, scanning it page by page for the image in his head. Then, he checked the index for both “cello” and “man plays cello” to insure that he hadn’t missed the painting. After the seventh book, he decided he was wasting too much time perusing the entire contents of each, so he went directly to the index. By the eleventh book, he began questioning his methods. Some eighty books on the subject of art still remained on the shelves, but he was sure that the image in his head lay somewhere within their collective pages. He was just finishing the eighteenth book and was about to call it quits when it seemed to jump off the page at him. Listed in the index was the painting, “A Man with a Cello” by Xavier Deiter.
The picture that had been published was of an old, scarred, black-and-white photograph. It had been included alongside a few color photographs of other paintings. Collectively, they were used to illustrate the variations in realist paintings. Aside from its illustrative value, it was unusual that a black-and-white photograph of such poor quality would have been published, but the unusual characteristics of the book were exactly why he had purchased it. 
The citation under the black-and-white photograph provided the name of the painting, the artist, and a date of 1861. It also mentioned the medium as oil on canvas and that its size was approximately twenty by twenty inches.
Based only on the black-and-white photograph, the painting was quite impressive. It featured a middle-aged man sitting on a chair in a somewhat stark room playing an old weathered cello. Behind the man, a vase filled with flowers had been set on a small table that was positioned against the back wall. Aside from the caption below the painting, there was no additional information.
Redding logged on to the websites of several local museums, but failed to find any additional information on either the painting or the artist. He searched through the resources of the Smithsonian, along with all the major museums of Chicago and New York City, but with no luck. He also tried the Library of Congress and several notable European museums without any success. Perplexed by the lack of results, and irritated by a constant flashing of an inbox alert, he decided to postpone any further efforts.
Everything in his inbox was essentially garbage, except for an e-mail from Victoria that he was apprehensive about opening. Her e-mails more often than not had an agenda that was tied to real estate.

Where the hell are you? I’ve been calling and leaving messages, but you haven’t called me back. I really hate having to say this in an e-mail. I wanted to tell you in person, but apparently that’s not going to happen. I wanted to let you know that I met someone special and we’re going to get married.
Details later, Victoria
P.S. I just listed a really nice house in the hills above Studio City. You should definitely see it. I’m sure you would like it. Besides, it’s time for you to let go of your condo and move up in the world. 

As if his synapses had suddenly overloaded, his thoughts were sent in a dozen different directions all at once. A series of vignettes about his life with Victoria played in his head, jumbled together and overlapping each other. Although they were divorced, they still interacted and had been somewhat dependent on each other. Now that she was about to remarry, his attachment to her, however slight, would end permanently.
He read the e-mail a second time, only to realize the extent of his feelings. It was one thing that they were divorced and still another that she planned to remarry.
They had gone their separate ways, but still relied on each other for advice, a sympathetic ear, and occasionally, companionship. One would call the other and they would arrange to meet. At least twelve times over the last three years they had spent the night together. It usually started with dinner and drinks, but there was never any pretense of returning to a permanent relationship. Her pending marriage would undoubtedly end the friendship of convenience and that realization brought with it a shudder of loneliness.
The absence of any meaningful attachment reminded him not of his marriage, but of his university years. He had taken his studies seriously, but diversions were inevitable such as the need to quell the youthful itch. Aside from his one serious romance, most of them were nothing more than a casual meeting and a solitary night of passion. He could still see some of their faces, but most of their names had been forgotten. With each of those nights, his needs had been physically satisfied, but they came with an undeniable emptiness.
Not wanting to read the e-mail again, he clicked delete. His life may have been stagnant, but it was unfair to blame Victoria. Although he still had a need for companionship, he purposely dated less frequently, only because everything had become far more complicated. Most of the women he met either harbored a specific agenda or carried the scars of some past relationship.
He had wallowed in self-pity long enough that his stomach felt as if it were tied in knots. The divorce was a fact and thinking about it was just a waste of time.



Chapter Three


When Redding arrived, every light in the complex was on, including the unoccupied offices, which meant Yves had returned. He bypassed all the cubicles with nothing more than a nod towards an employee and headed straight for his office. Pila was there, rummaging through some paperwork on his desk. It wasn’t even eight o’clock, and already she was trying his patience. They had had words about her intrusiveness more than once, but he knew she would never change. Most of his time was spent out of the office, so he usually didn’t have to deal with her, and Yves swore that the company would implode if she ever quit. Setting aside all officious behavior, there was no denying that she was a capable administrator.
“Good morning,” he said to purposefully announce his presence.
She ignored the pleasantry. “I’m looking for the payroll report. Tomorrow is Friday, so where is it?”
“Damn, I don’t know!” he snapped. “You seem to know more about my desk than I do.”
“Are you going to Europe, again?” she asked while pulling the payroll report from a stack of papers in his outbox.
“Europe? No! What makes you think I’m going anywhere?”
“Yves said you were thinking about taking some time off, so I figured you would probably head back to Paris or Rome.” She didn’t wait for a reply. She just pivoted on her heels and walked out.
“And what makes him think I’m taking any time off?” he called out, but his question was wasted on the empty doorway.
He had been to Paris several times with Victoria, but he had little interest in the city other than the museums. Victoria loved the historic appeal and ambiance of Paris, especially in the evenings. They would sit at some corner café sipping coffee as they watched the evening unfold while chatting about the day. She never did share his passion for art, so he usually perused the museums alone. With an unrestricted pass, he literally spent hours immersed in the paintings of the Musee d’Orsay.
The Musee d’Orsay! He rolled his head from side to side in disbelief. He had completely overlooked the museum. After all the time he had spent there, it seemed incredible that it had slipped his mind. If anything, it should have been an obvious choice given that Musee d’Orsay maintained an online archive in English.
Although his morning had been turned upside down by some revised specifications on a production run, he still managed a few minutes to access the Musee d’Orsay’s library. He executed a search for “A Man with a Cello” which returned only one result. The finding was a short biographical notation about the artist, Xavier Deiter.

* * *

The fact that Xavier Deiter was not a well-known artist had been attributed to his limited body of work. Only seventeen known paintings had been authenticated as originals. Although the totality of his work was considered negligible, he was regarded as an exceptional unschooled artist. His early works centered on realism, but there were a few later pieces that explored impressionism. The biography concluded by mentioning that his limited number of works was the unfortunate result of a prolonged terminal illness. He died from tuberculosis in his early thirties.
Although the published photograph was in monochrome, the painting had to have been one of Deiter’s early successes in realism. The painting had embraced style and content in such a way that it exposed and highlighted details that provided a vivid impression of the scene.
Overall, the short biography was a disappointment. It was barely a notation and Redding had wanted something more substantial. Just below the biography was the standard disclosure that typically stated which paintings the Musee d’Orsay currently had on display by that particular artist. As for Xavier Deiter, they did not display any of his original works, but the disclosure did reference Le Musee Angladon in Avignon, France.

* * *

Redding tried to focus on the paperwork that had accumulated on his desk, but had accomplished little by late afternoon. His thoughts continually vacillated between the loss of the K’Myles order and the black-and-white image of the cello painting. Other than resolving some existing production issues, the day had been wasted. He shuffled through the remaining paperwork to make sure that he hadn’t missed anything critical. Then, he set everything aside and was getting ready to leave when Yves walked in and sat down.
“There is something I’ve been meaning to discuss with you,” Yves said. He leaned back in the chair and looked upward as if he were trying to find the right words. With his hands held behind his head and his fingers interlocked, he focused on Redding. “The company hasn’t been doing so well, so I think the only real solution is to dissolve the partnership. I think I should buy you out.”
“What the hell?” Redding slammed his hand onto his desk as he stood up. This was the last thing he expected from Yves. They had built the company from the ground up. Yves had been more than just a partner. He had been a trusted friend.
“It’s not personal. It’s just business, and we’ve got a real cash-flow problem,” Yves tried to reason while looking to Redding for some form of understanding.
The muscles in Redding’s face had tensed. He was sure there had to be an alternative to the buyout, but he needed time to think. He could hold Yves at bay if he had a solid argument, but nothing came to mind. Feeling overwhelmed, he slumped back into his chair.
“Yeah, I was thinking about maybe mortgaging…”
“Red, let me finish!” Yves interrupted. “With the K’Myles order we were back in the game. That one order would have solved a number of problems, but now we have to infuse some cash into the company to keep it afloat.”
Redding just sat there, wanting to respond, but still not knowing what to say. Putting a mortgage on his condo was a lousy idea and Yves knew it. Even with the infusion of cash, there was a real possibility that the company would eventually fail.
The idea of being pushed into a buyout really irked him. He considered himself at least ten years short of retirement and he wasn’t even close to having the necessary assets. His prospects for finding a management position within the industry were severely limited. Even if he did land another job, it wasn’t likely that it would meet his salary requirement of $138,000 per year.
He had never given any serious thought to retirement. When the money had been good, he set little aside. Only now had the extent of his careless ways become apparent. All he had was his condo, now worth six hundred thousand; two hundred thousand in a Keogh account; and whatever equity he still held in the company minus his debt to Yves.
“Listen, take some time off and think it over,” Yves said. “Nothing is set in stone and when you get back we can talk. Either way, we’ll have to lay some people off.”
Redding just sat there glaring at Yves while trying to focus his thoughts. They were right on the edge of having a full-blown argument, and they both knew it.
“Yeah, I’ll think it over,” Redding said, holding back his anger. “And when I get back, you can be damn sure we’re going to talk about this.”
It was straight-out obvious that Yves had planned everything well in advance. His intent wasn’t to close Redding on the idea, only to plant the seed. Without saying another word, he headed straight for the door.
As soon as he left, Redding leaned forward in his chair and, with his elbows resting on the desk, he buried his face in his hands. He was pissed. He should have seen a buyout coming, not that it would have made any difference.

* * *

Over the next few days, they avoided each other, just as they had with past confrontations. Redding focused most of his energy on trying to generate new contracts and spent his evenings researching the cello painting and Deiter.
The link to Le Musee Angladon opened a page that highlighted the three original Deiter paintings that were in the museum’s possession. On the page was a color photograph of each painting with captions that identified each of the artworks and at the bottom of the page there was a comprehensive list of all known works by Deiter. The second-to-the-last notation listed the painting, “A Man with a Cello.”
Redding clicked on the cello painting notation which opened another page. On the left-hand side of the page appeared the same photograph that had been published in the art history book. On the right-hand side was essentially the same biographical information he had found on the Musee d’Orsay’s site. Halfway down the page was an article whose headline stated the painting was one of many that had been confiscated by the Germans during World War II.
The article recounted the difficulties in the years following the war as attempts were made to return many original works of art to their rightful owners. However, the consequences of war were many, and an undetermined number of paintings and other works of art were inevitably lost. Although claims for many of these works of art still exist, a significant number have never been recovered. The painting “A Man with a Cello” by Xavier Deiter was still listed as missing.

* * *

The probability of the sighting mentioned by Mrs. Geary and the original painting being one and the same seemed to reach beyond all reason. It seemed almost unfathomable that such an acclaimed painting could turn up in a clothing store. While the possibility existed, it seemed exceedingly remote. It also raised the question, “How could a painting that had been confiscated by the Nazis find its way into China?” It could have been sold by the Germans to raise needed capital, or maybe it had been appropriated by some German officer during the fall of Berlin. Still, every scenario was only guesswork and there was no single scenario that viably explained the painting’s existence in China. There was certainly no wartime alliance between Germany and China. In fact, Germany’s only ally in the east was Japan, and even that was debatable.
There were no easy answers. If the cello painting was in China, it could have come by endless means. Redding turned one scenario after another over in his head, but each was as improbable as the next. As unlikely as each scenario seemed, there was one feasible explanation. The painting in China was most likely a copy, or more accurately, it was someone’s interpretation of the original. Any skilled artist could have easily duplicated the artwork based on the black-and-white photograph. It would have only been a question of color, and that was simply guesswork.
China had its share of skilled artists, and many made a living reproducing classic artworks. The replicated paintings were never meant as counterfeits, not that anyone would ever have been fooled into thinking that a Van Gogh reproduction was real. They were just hyper fakes painted with flair and individualism, and the cello painting could have easily been one of them.
That scenario alone provided the only plausible answer that explained the cello painting’s existence in China, and Redding would have willingly accepted it except for one outstanding fact that couldn’t be ignored. The original painting had never been found.

* * *

Embedded in the historical notation was one additional link related to the painting. It turned out to be a press release that left him utterly stunned.
A Belgian family, who were the rightful owners of the missing oil canvas, had sold an option on the painting to Le Musee Angladon. The option allowed the museum to purchase the painting for a mere three million Euros, provided that the painting was recovered, but their ten- year option was set to expire in four years. The painting’s actual value was probably closer to twelve million Euros. Le Musee Angladon, in an attempt to unearth the painting, had offered a finder’s fee of an amount equal to ten percent of their purchase price.
Redding ran the numbers in his head. The finder’s fee would be approximately four hundred thousand dollars. That would be enough to resolve his financial issues with Yves and leave a nice remainder.

* * *

While researching at the city library, Redding found a commentary on the painting, but it wasn’t much help. It explored the significance of the cellist in the painting playing a D-flat note. After a thorough analysis of the photograph, it had been determined that the cellist held a static position. The position was supposedly one that Deiter had determined to be the most naturally artistic. The painting clearly showed the position of the cellist’s left hand and fingers on the neck of the cello pressing the strings against the ebony board and the position of his right arm to draw and return the bow. Unquestionably, the cellist was playing a D-flat note, but that fact was considered insignificant except insofar that it enhanced the painting’s composition.
Redding thought otherwise. Artists rarely painted anything arbitrarily. Deiter’s real reason for using D-flat would likely never be known, but it was the perfect note to accompany the cellist’s forlorn expression. Although Redding’s background in music was fairly limited, he knew the sound of D-flat. If he thought about it he could hear its mournful baying resonating in his ears.
In spite of his persistence, he found no additional information related to the cello painting. All he had to work from was the old, scarred, black-and-white photograph. A color photograph would have been immensely helpful. Unfortunately, there was little chance that a color photograph existed, since the advent of color photography was in the same timeframe as when the painting was confiscated.
He studied every nuance of the black-and-white photograph, trying to extract even the minutest of details. The baroque cello rested on a small padded stool that elevated it to a level that allowed the cellist to envelop the instrument. The man playing the cello appeared to be middle-aged with a receding hairline. He was dressed in dark pants and a light colored shirt with a minimal collar and he sat on a wooden chair with the cello between his knees. His head was tilted towards the neck of the cello and his expression seemed somewhat dejected, if not completely absent of any intensity or focus while he played the instrument.
The cello was probably a caramel color that accented the smoky grains of the wood. There was really no way to tell. The baritone instrument was painted in such a way that it gave the impression that its lacquered finish had been partially worn away. The vase and flowers that sat on a decorative wall table in the background seemed out of place, if not contrived. The variety of flower was undetermined and so the actual color of the flowers was unknown. As for the light source of the painting, it was somewhere to the right, off of the canvas. Most likely it was a window or a doorway that Deiter had decided to leave out of the painting.

* * *

Redding sat at his desk. Instead of working, he just stared at the black–and-white photograph of the cello painting on his computer. There was something about the man’s expression and the sad condition of the cello that made them inseparable. It was as if they knew they were both destined to play D-flat forever.
He had become so engrossed in the painting that he had failed to notice Pila standing in front of him. As she laid some material contracts on his desk, she glanced at his computer. Seeing the black-and-white image of the cello painting, she nodded her head as if she suddenly knew.
“I thought you said you weren’t going to Europe?” 
“I’m not!”
“Then where are you going?”
“China!” Redding said. 



Chapter Four


Redding had exhausted all avenues of research on Deiter and the painting before turning his attention to China. It was during the waiting period between booking his flight and applying for a visa that he began unearthing every reference that could be found, relevant or otherwise, about the old city of Suzhou.
Information pertaining to the old city was readily available, but it lacked the level of detail that he wanted. At the very least, he hoped to find something that defined the old city’s geographic footprint, but there was nothing. Of the references he found, most only touted the beauty and tranquility of the old city’s ancient gardens. He found several maps of Suzhou, but none were any help. They identified the old city only as a pinpoint that approximated its location within Suzhou proper.
As only a speck on the map of China, Suzhou seemed insignificant, but it was hardly a small city, not with a population of six million. In a city of that size, an individual could spend a lifetime searching for a painting and still come away empty-handed, but based on his findings, the old city existed as only a mere fraction of greater Suzhou.
Whether his foray into China produced any results or not, Redding wasn’t about to let Yves muscle him out of the company, no matter how much pressure was applied. His livelihood may have been threatened, but that alone didn’t justify his decision to chase after the missing artwork. He avoided all logical and practical arguments that centered on the idiocy of the search. It wasn’t something that he could easily explain, but the need was real enough. He knew the reported sighting could hardly be counted as reliable. It had come from untrained eyes and already it was months old. Whatever painting had surfaced in the old city, the likelihood of it being an original seemed exceedingly remote. He knew he wasn’t being completely honest with himself, but the subjective side of his nature had won the argument. Still, he couldn’t shake off the disturbing notion that his foray into China to search for the cello painting was nothing more than a desperate man chasing a red herring.

* * *

The flight to Shanghai wasn’t uncomfortable, nor was it any worse than a flight to Europe. On the few occasions that he actually nodded off, his sleep was superficial and dreamless. It never mattered whether he was fully conscious or not; time on overseas flights always seemed to move slowly. Aside from the rigors of travel, he was relieved to have a break from the office. Yves was right. He needed some time away, but concerns about the company still loomed in his thoughts.
A week before his departure, he managed to coerce four small production runs from one of his clients. They weren’t enough to save the company, but they would keep the company functioning in his absence. He tried not to think too much about the problems that surrounded the business or the partnership. He had to stay focused on the missing painting, but a lack of sleep had limited his ability to concentrate on anything for more than a few minutes.
The bus ride from Pu Dong International Airport left him feeling as if all life had been bled from him. It wasn’t so much the distance or even that the bus had exceeded its capacity, but the noxious diesel fumes that leaked in from below and saturated the air inside the bus.
At the Suzhou depot, he claimed his luggage from the underbelly of the bus and then secured a taxi using a hotel card printed in Chinese. As the taxi headed into the city, Redding let the air from an open window wash over his face in an effort to ease the residual effects of the noxious fumes.
When he finally arrived at the Bamboo Grove Hotel, a temporary elation overshadowed all symptoms of exhaustion. He only partially unpacked before retreating to a hot shower, which left him feeling a bit reinvigorated. The sun had nearly set and it would be dark in little more than an hour. Despite his fatigue, he pulled on some fresh clothes. He could ill afford to waste any time learning his way around Suzhou. More importantly, he needed to develop a sense of direction and a bearing on the old city. Before leaving the hotel he inquired at the concierge desk about a city map. The map would play a crucial role in the execution of his search. Knowing the exact boundaries of the old city wasn’t only a necessity, it was a priority. Only then would he be able to determine a strategy that would turn the old city inside out, inch by inch.
The concierge should have been an invaluable resource, but that was not the case. He removed an unfiltered cigarette from his lips and fanned away the smoke before starting a longwinded explanation about some canals. He loosely waved his pen over a map to indicate the abstract nature of the old city’s boundaries. He spouted off as if every word he imparted held the utmost importance until he seemingly became confused by his own explanation.
The daylight was waning and Redding had heard enough. While the concierge collected his thoughts, Redding swept up the map and headed out into the unseasonable warmth of an October evening.

* * *

Every part of Suzhou was interesting and yet strangely ordinary. The boulevard was congested with taxis, motorcycles, and buses that seemed intent on polluting the air. Pedestrians were in a constant flurry of motion, congregating only at traffic signals to form into clusters that crossed in masse whether the light was green or not. It wasn’t exactly what Redding had expected of the city, but it didn’t seem unreasonable either.
Suzhou had long ago overgrown its feudalist boundaries in a way that seemed to erase any connection with the past. In seemingly every direction, high-rise construction was redefining the skyline, but sadly without the aesthetics of Asian accents. Sandwiched between the towering cement monoliths were smaller older buildings, some with pitched cornices and intricate Oriental facades. At one time, the smaller buildings may have played an important part in Suzhou’s past, but already they seemed out of place.
Although armed with a map of the city, Redding still had no idea where he was going. So, simple landmarks were committed to memory to stave off the possibility of becoming lost. He crossed one major boulevard, a couple of busy streets, and had changed direction once or twice. In spite of all conscious efforts, he had become slightly disoriented, but was fairly confident that he could retrace his path by way of the landmarks. Throughout the city, the signage was predominately displayed in Chinese characters, but halfway down one block there was a sign that stood out. The only part of the sign that he could read was “Tours.” Of the few pedestrians that he had imposed himself upon in hopes of asking directions, all spoke little or no English. Faced with few alternatives, he headed for the “Tours” sign.

* * *

A startled young woman opened her eyes and raised her head off of the counter upon hearing the door open. She stared at Redding intently, as if he were nothing other than wayward curiosity standing in the doorway. Then suddenly she straightened up and feigned a smile.
“We have many tours.” She waved her hand past the various tours posters mounted on the walls. “You like what one?”
“I’m not interested in any of that,” Redding said, without so much as glancing at the display of posters. “What I want is a tour guide, someone who can speak English well. And they should be very familiar with the old city.”
“English, no problem,” she said. “You want old city tour, how many peoples?”
“Just one. Only me.”
“Tour buses have group rates. See many things, not have to walk. That best choice for you.” She said, clearly intending to slot him into an empty seat on one of their buses.
“No, you don’t understand. I’m not looking to join a tour. I just want to hire a tour guide for the day. And the only place I want to see is the old city.”
“Sure, you want personal tour, no problem. It includes two stops, the Humble Administrator’s Garden and the Lion Grove Garden.”
If there had been a way to circumvent the tour stops Redding would have seized it, but somehow that didn’t seem feasible. He had been on enough tours in Europe to know how the system worked. Tour stops were the nuts and bolts of the business and diverting a tour guide from their set schedule simply wasn’t realistic. The gardens were a necessary evil that he would have to endure in order to become familiar with the old city’s streets.
“And there will be enough time left over to see other things?”
“No worry about time. You can see everything two times, but nothing to see outside gardens.”
Satisfied with the arrangement, he paid for the tour and was told that he would meet his guide in the morning at nine o’clock sharp.

* * *

Outside the tour office the sky was dark, but the monsoon maritime climate hadn’t yet given away any of its warmth. Redding retraced his route using the visual markers that had been committed to memory, but the absence of daylight made everything less recognizable. He knew almost nothing about the city, yet its pulse of change was evident, with construction seemingly everywhere. Cranes that sat atop of partially constructed buildings were like trumpets heralding a rebirth from an ancient past to a modern beginning. Suzhou was a city clearly in transition, racing towards a new future. It could have been any city almost anywhere, but the occasional ornate accents, the people on the street, and the language of the city, clearly proclaimed it as Chinese.
By the time Redding reached the hotel, his body ached with a fatigue that could only be allayed by long hours of sleep. A full four weeks had passed since he first identified the artwork mentioned by Mrs. Geary, and within the allotted timeframe of only two weeks he had to find the painting. He wouldn’t be able to hold Yves off of the buyout any longer. Since his time was limited, every aspect of the search would have to be carefully planned, but before he could plan anything, he had to identify the boundaries of the old city. That question he intended to have answered during the tour. Yet there was that other, underlying concern that continued to smolder in his consciousness. Whatever painting was found would in all probability be something other than the original.

* * *

Under an overcast morning sky, Redding set out in the direction of the tour office. He had slept well and felt renewed, aside from the disquieting dream. He wouldn’t have even given it a second thought, except that he had had that dream twice before. The first time had been some weeks earlier, in about the same timeframe that he’d identified the cello painting. Just like any other dream, it was forgotten moments after he had awakened. The second time, he knew the dream from before, but could only remember pieces and fragments. This time was different. It was all there, still in his head.
It started with a large cumulus cloud in the shape of a cello that divided itself in two, and then four, and so on. Then, the dozens of cellos careened around a racetrack, each one vying for the lead position. As the cellos raced, a few spun out of control, sending them skidding across the pavement, trailed by thick smoke and the dull screeching sound of D-flat. Then without warning, the cellos suddenly started smashing into one another as if each were hell bent on self-destruction. When the dream ended, all that was left were splintered fragments and the mangled carcasses of the cellos.

* * *

He arrived at the tour office with fifteen minutes to spare, only to witness the confusion caused by an overlapping of schedules. The individual who was supposed to lead his tour had also been scheduled on a tour bus for Luzhi. Redding fully expected that he would receive some contrived excuse followed by a postponement of his tour. A bus already loaded with paying customers would certainly take precedence over one individual requesting a walking tour of the old city. A man dressed in a white shirt and tie approached the counter. He introduced himself as Ching, the manager and owner of the tour company.
“We have little problem, but I can fix. One moment, please.” Ching said.
Redding managed a smile, but said nothing. He stood quietly at the counter and watched as the confusion unfolded, becoming increasingly more impatient with each passing minute. By his assessment of Ching’s actions, conflicting schedules were nothing new.
Ching padded back and forth between employees as if understanding the error would somehow fix the problem. He raised his index finger to Redding as if to reassure him that he was only moments away from a solution. Then, Ching turned to one of the female employees. He spoke to her in a serious tone, but at the level of a whisper. She stood attentively, listening to his every word and nodding at the appropriate intervals.
Redding wouldn’t have even noticed her except that she glanced in his direction. She had soft features and, without a hint of makeup, her complexion was naturally flawless. She possessed an exquisite, yet delicate appearance that would have held his complete attention had he not been distracted by the uncertainty of his tour. When Ching had finished, he moved away, leaving her standing alone at the counter.
“Mr. Redding Teska, my name is Lin Ming. I will be your tour guide,” she said in perfect English as she made her way around to the front side of the counter. “The old city is a few kilometers from here. So, if you are ready, our driver is waiting outside.”
Redding nodded his approval, but had only half heard what was said. He couldn’t seem to take his eyes off of her. A segment of her hair had fallen across her face and without a conscious thought, she swept the black strands away. In that one innocuous act, she had unwittingly revealed a subtle elegance that seemed to underscore not only confidence but also vulnerability. 



Chapter Five


The old city of Suzhou was nothing like the preconceived image that had formed in Redding’s head. His initial impression of the old city left him feeling cheated and disillusioned. He had envisioned an ancient city surrounded by tall stone walls, but the only stone walls were those of a drainage channel. There wasn’t anything ancient about the city, not even the functional obsolescence of buildings mired in disrepair. If anything, the city looked as though it had been built well within the last century, not a couple of thousand years ago. Old or not, he set his impressions aside. The city’s appearance was hardly relevant, yet understanding its boundaries was critical.
“Do not be disappointed. There’s much to see,” Lin Ming said.
Redding hadn’t purposely said anything to announce his disappointment, but apparently some audible sound must have slipped out. Lin Ming instructed the driver to pull over. From this point they were to proceed on foot. They waited for just the right moment and then dashed across the boulevard, all the while fanning the dust that had been roiled up by passing traffic away from their faces.
“The canals that border the old city were put in place to ward off invading armies.” Lin Ming said as they walked in some predetermined direction.
“You mean that drainage channel we just crossed over? It was what, a whole fifteen feet across, and that was meant to stop an army?” Redding asked.
“But you are seeing it through the wrong set of eyes. You must see it through history’s eyes. Imagine that a war is being waged. There would have been warriors on horseback, and of course, they would have been stymied by the canals. The foot soldiers with their heavy armor and swords wouldn’t have fared any better. They would have sunk to the bottom like a rock. I’m sure there were some who tried to cross, but they would have been easy targets for the archers defending the city.”
“And this canal still borders all sides of the old city?”
“No need to worry. There are no more warlords or invading armies. China would never allow it,” she said.
“That’s not what I meant. Are the canals still intact?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe some segments have been paved over. I don’t really know. Now it’s only used for drainage and maybe irrigation.” She took a breath, and then started into a well- rehearsed tour script. “So much in China has changed in recent years, but now our government recognizes that change is not always good. The old city is not so old anymore. That’s why it’s been designated as a protected zone, but the city isn’t the real attraction. It’s the gardens.”
“I’m not really interested in the gardens,” Redding said. “I’d rather spend the day roaming the streets, seeing the old city, from one end to the other.”
“But the gardens are the most important part of the tour. They aren’t just known for their beauty, they are also a window into China’s past. After you see them I am sure you will agree that they were worthy of your time,” she said with a tour-guide inflection.
Redding was drawn in by Lin Ming’s subtle demeanor. Despite her reserved mannerisms, she had a confident yet infectious quality that he found appealing. There was something so familiar about her, and yet she was so different from any of the women he had previously known.
“I was wondering how you learned to speak English?”
“Lots of Chinese people speak English. It’s taught in the schools, but I didn’t learn it that way,” Lin Ming said.
“You’re self taught?”
She shook her head to dispel the notion. “It wasn’t like that. Let me explain. My friend Ting, we used to be classmates many years ago. She married Sam. He’s an American, and he teaches English. Ting has a teahouse, so in the evenings I would meet Sam there, and he taught me English.”
“He’s an American, and he’s married to a Chinese citizen?”
“You seem surprised, but lots of Americans are married to Chinese.”

* * *

The massive rock forms of the Lion Grove Garden were supposedly intended to conjure the mental image of lions. Some rock forms were freestanding, but most had been cleverly engineered into a limestone forest with a maze of pathways and caverns. Interspersed among the pathways were old pines, cypress trees, and native vegetation. At Lin Ming’s urgings, Redding continually stared at one rock after another. She said that the lions were sometimes shy, so the use of one’s imagination was vital in drawing them out. Of the one thousand lions that supposedly resided in the bizarre rocks, Redding never visualized a single one.
On the far side of the garden, well beyond the pathways and caverns, was the Plum Blossom Pavilion. Housed within its various rooms was an exhibit celebrating Chinese art and traditional antique furnishings. Redding barely gave the antiques a glace before honing in on the artwork. The paintings were almost exclusively watercolors and nearly all of them depicted ancient life in China. Although the style and content differed vastly from European watercolors, two distinctions stood out. One was inclusion of Chinese script that ran down one side of the paintings, and the other was the dominant use of muted colors as opposed to a more vibrant palette.
Like many pavilions in the region, the Plum Blossom Pavilion had an open-air design that had indirectly subjected the artworks to the elements. A number of watercolors were in less than pristine condition, with water damage to their outer edges. Doorways, stairways, and even the frames of paintings revealed the blistering effects of the weather. Aside from the threat of moisture damage, some of the walls were tainted by an invasive mold that had entrenched itself in the plaster.
“China’s artisans are quite talented, don’t you agree?” Lin Ming said, referring to the paintings, antique furnishings, and porcelains that were on display. “You should see our terra cotta soldiers?”
“I’ll pass on the terra cotta,” Redding said, leaning in to get a closer look at one of the watercolors. “You know you’ve got a real problem here?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I don’t know who these artists are, or even if these paintings have any real value, but they’re not going to last, not with the doors and windows wide open. It’s all the humidity. It’s like the kiss of death to paintings, and if somebody doesn’t do something soon, all these paintings are going to be ruined.”
“I’m sure the garden’s supervisors are aware of the problem.” Lin Ming said.
“Well, at some point all that moisture will cause the colors to bleed into each other, and then the paintings will be worthless. It’s kind of heartbreaking, don’t you think?”
Lin Ming only nodded before quietly slipping outside and leaving Redding to view the artwork by himself.

* * *

Outside the pavilion, Redding found Lin Ming sitting on a bench shaded by a cypress tree. From where she sat, she had a view of the pond and bridge, some yellow and blue flowers, and the plum trees. He sat down near her and they watched as a parade of visitors took turns posing on the bridge for photographs.
“You are a person of art?” Lin Ming asked. “I mean you are very serious about things like paintings?”
Considering the way he had fussed over the watercolors, that had to have been an easy observation, but her question wasn’t really about art. She sounded almost apologetic, like friends trying to get past some misunderstanding.
“Sure, I’m passionate about art. It’s my Achilles heel,” Redding said.
He stared out over the landscape but focused on nothing. What little interest the garden may have held had already been long exhausted. Any other time he could have spent hours there, but his concern was on mapping the old city. He withdrew the map from his inside coat pocket only to shove it back a moment later. The map was completely useless as long as they remained in the garden. The initially overcast day had become clear and warm, and he was anxious to leave.
“If I could just learn my way around old Suzhou, then I’d be able to explore the city on my own. That’s what I’d like to accomplish today,” Redding said, loosely hinting that his interests were elsewhere.
“There’s no need to hurry. We have plenty of time, which is kind of unusual, because in most tour groups there’s never enough time,” Lin Ming said. “The difference is that you are traveling alone, which is also unusual, because most people who come to Suzhou alone only come here for business.”
In one sense, she was correct. He was technically on vacation, but it was for the purpose of finding the cello painting, and he considered that serious business.
“I think maybe you travel alone because you are not married,” Lin Ming said.
“You’re right. I’m divorced,” Redding said. “And you? You must be married?”
“No, my husband is dead.”
“That’s too bad. No, what I mean is, I’m sorry.” Redding winced, regretting that he had asked the question, but there wasn’t any way he could have known.
“Don’t be concerned. It was not a good marriage.” She paused. “We are both happier now.”
Redding couldn’t help but look into her face. He wanted to make sure that he hadn’t caused her any pain, but all it produced was an awkward moment between them.
“It would seem that marriage has not been kind to either of us,” she said. “That means we share something in common. We are each responsible for our own happiness.”
No sooner than she had spoken, one single thought congealed in Redding’s head. Maybe it was the culmination of all the interaction between them, or maybe the underlying tone in her words, but the overall meaning was clear. His attraction to her wasn’t one sided. It was mutual. It wasn’t the kind of attraction that was instantaneous or obvious, but still there was something more than a subtle appeal. He knew he was attracted to her when they met. Now he understood that she was also attracted to him.
“I should warn you that Chinese people are curious about foreigners.” She said. “We seem to ask embarrassing questions.”
“Like what?” 
“Like how old are you?”
“Oh, that? I turned forty-nine just a few months back,” Redding said. He wasn’t about to ask her age, but he was curious. Actually, he had been wondering about that since they met.
“You look very handsome for your age.” She patted her temple to indicate his graying hair. “This year I am thirty-four.”
In some ways she was outspoken, and in other ways she seemed reserved. He found her quite intriguing, and as much as he enjoyed being with her, he still wasn’t any closer to the cello painting. He had seen enough of the rocks, trees, and flowers, so he stood to indicate that he was ready to leave.

* * *

They passed though the garden exit, and were back out on the streets where Redding could resume his orientation efforts. He pulled the map from his pocket and started scribbling some notes as they walked. Before they had even reached the end of the first block, Lin Ming suggested that they stop for lunch. He agreed but only out of consideration for her, otherwise he would have passed on lunch completely.
She assured him that the restaurants were nearby, but he wasn’t in any hurry. He had a lot of questions, and each was carefully posed to extract a detailed answer. He asked several questions about the commercial districts as if every minor aspect had to be understood, stopping only long enough to take some notes. He knew he was pushing hard, but if he were ever to find the cello painting, he had to have answers. No sooner had he finished with the commercial districts than he started another series of questions, each related to the canals in hopes of better defining the old city’s borders. Lin Ming handled the barrage well enough, but a rising intonation in her voice clearly signaled a waning of patience.
“You ask so many questions, as if everything is so important,” she said. “Maybe you’re a complicated type of person?”
“A few questions hardly qualify me as complicated. In reality, I’m no different than anybody else, married or divorced.”
“Your wife, was she beautiful?”
“Every guy thinks his wife is beautiful, at least it starts out that way,” Redding laughed.
“I’m not sure I believe that.”
“Well, in relationships, married or not, it’s pretty much a fundamental.”
“I don’t know about that,” Lin Ming said. “I think a marriage should be well balanced.”
“Well, we were definitely balanced,” Redding said, reminiscing. “Every week, we would each take one night and make dinner for the other. We would each try to outdo each other by making some special meal. Then, the rest of the week we pretty much just ate out of the refrigerator. We were just like any other married couple. Sometimes we argued. Actually, we argued a lot, but most of the time we were pretty good at making up.”
“Maybe you should still be married.”
“It’s too late for that. The marriage ran its course and fell apart. We just got too involved in our own lives and stopped paying attention to each other.”
At a cross street, Redding oriented his map and jotted down some additional notes. He hadn’t said as much, but Lin Ming could sense that he was about to start with the questions again. Before he could put his thoughts into words she interrupted him by offering to outline the old city on his map. 
He leaned in close to watch over her shoulders as she traced over the canals that surrounded the old city. Based on the outline she had drawn, he became a little uneasy. The old city was significantly larger than he had anticipated. He had made a serious error by underestimating its size, but a comprehensive search for the painting was still viable as long as he carefully managed his time.
They had turned onto a street that had pockets of retail businesses, but due to a badly disjointed sidewalk they were no longer able to walk side by side. An invasive root structure from the trees that lined the street had broken through the sidewalk, leaving it coursed with rises and falls. Lin Ming led the way, with Redding only a step behind as they carefully treaded over the uneven sections. As they passed each store, he would momentarily look up from the sidewalk and peer through the store windows. One particular store had caught his interest just long enough to cause him to misstep. He stumbled in mid-stride, but managed regained his balance. His lurching footsteps caused Lin Ming to turn around, but he acted as though nothing had happened. He refocused his attention back on the sidewalk. The stores would have to wait, but it galled him that he could have easily walked right past the cello painting and not even noticed.
At the main boulevard, well beyond the trees, the sidewalk was undamaged and they were able to walk side by side once again.
“Was it always your plan to be a tour guide, or was it just an accidental choice?” Redding asked as he folded his map and slipped it into his coat pocket.
“Actually, it was both,” Lin Ming said. “I should explain.”



Chapter Six


Redding had fixed his eyes on the far end of the boulevard with the intention of reconciling the overall size of the ancient city, but Lin Ming interrupted his thoughts.
“It was never about having a career. It was only about my responsibility to contribute to the family income,” she said. “That’s why I went to work at my brother’s company. Of course, it was awkward at first. I didn’t know anything about the business. So, I started by cleaning everything, then answering the phones, and then I learned how to schedule tours. Eventually, I became a tour guide, but there was a problem. At that time, I could only speak Chinese, which meant I couldn’t lead any of the Western tour groups.”
“That’s why you learned English?”
“It wasn’t so easy. I studied every night for hours. I went to Ting’s café at least three times a week, and still it took me two years, but being able to contribute to the household was so important.”
“And before the tour business, what did you do?”
“I was married to Yang. We lived in Shanghai, but he wasn’t from there. He was from Dalian City, near Beijing. That’s where his family has an apothecary.”
“An apothecary?” Redding asked.
“It’s about traditional medicine. If you walked by one, you would know. The aromas are so pungent that they spill out the doors and into the streets. They have hundreds of ceramic containers and glass jars sitting on shelves, and barrels and cloth bags crowd every inch of floor space, and boxes are stacked to the ceiling. The store is full of things like herbs and flowers, leaves, bark, and roots. They also have some very unusual things such as dried insects, reptiles, and fungus. It can be quite expensive. Some parts from animals like tiger and bear are quite rare, and others are common, you know, like deer?” She held her hands up with her thumbs just touching the top of her head and her fingers spread apart.
“Antlers?”
“Yes, but you wouldn’t need the whole antler. You might just need a tiny piece. Anyway, some are taken as a single ingredient and others are combined. After they decide which ones you need, the ingredients are crushed, shredded, or pulverized into a powder. Then, the potion would be steeped in tea, or sprinkled over a meal or something like that. Lots of people still believe in Chinese medicine. They say it can cure or alleviate every kind of ailment.”
“And that was Yang’s line of work?” Redding asked.
“It was supposed to have been his destiny since birth, to run the family business. At least that is what his parents had planned, but it didn’t quite work out that way. I mean it should have, but it didn’t. He had grown up behind the counter, and had learned the art of traditional medicine, just like his father, and his father before him. He was well versed in every ailment, but his specialty was in alleviating pain. He said he had no qualms with traditional medicine, still he had no intention of returning to Dalian, or the family business.” Lin Ming glanced at Redding and could already see a question rising on his face.
“One afternoon Yang left the store on errands and never returned. A few days later, he called his parents. He told them that he had moved to Shanghai and that he wouldn’t be returning. He had moved in with a former classmate and had taken a job as a clerical worker for an export company. Of course, his parents were quite upset. That’s what caused the wedding to take place.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t understand,” Redding said. “When did you and Yang start dating?”
“No. It wasn’t like that. The marriage was arranged when I was little. We never dated. We only married. I was twenty-two and he was twenty-six,” she said. “Does that surprise you?”
“Well, yeah! You didn’t even know him,” Redding said.
“No. We never met, not until the day we married, but try to understand that marriage is not about one’s appearance and such. Those things are not important, only that two people are willing to make a life with each other.”
“And you weren’t nervous or anything?”
“Well, a certain amount of nervousness is always expected, and it wasn’t that Yang and I were drawn to each other. Actually, the opposite would have been closer to the truth. I’m sure it all seems a little strange, but in China arranged marriages used to be quite common. Not so much anymore, but traditional beliefs still made the practice acceptable. The marriage between my brother Ching and his wife Mei was arranged.”
They stepped into the shade of tree but it offered little relief from the warming temperatures. Redding slipped off his coat and held it over his shoulder using his index finger as a hook. As he listened to her every word, he studied the soft contours of her face, but no one single feature defined her. Her beauty was housed in the culmination of all her features. As she glanced from side to side to make sure they weren’t being overheard, his eyes were drawn to the motion of her satiny black hair as it lightly brushed across her shoulders.
“His parents demanded that he return home, but he refused. So they used marriage as a ploy, but it didn’t turn out they way they planned. He couldn’t refuse the marriage – well, actually he could, but that would have been hurtful. I’m not sure that’s the right word.”
“Is the word you’re looking for something like embarrassed, or dishonorable?” Redding asked.
“Yes, those words! It would have been dishonorable. It’s kind of hard to explain. It would be like casting shame onto his whole family, and also onto mine. It can have an effect on business and the respect you receive from neighbors and friends. It can be a very serious matter.”
“So, he was an honorable guy and he agreed to the marriage?”
“Yes. A fortuneteller was consulted, and a date was set for the wedding. On the day of the wedding, I was escorted to Shanghai by my father and brother. Ching carried the suitcase that held my clothes, some personal items, and a photograph of my mother. That was everything I owned. The wedding was performed by an administrator in a government building. Actually, it’s not so much a wedding, just the filing of some paperwork. Then, there was a celebration dinner, but not many people attended. That was because our families and friends lived either in Suzhou or Dalian. After the dinner, Yang moved me into his apartment.”
Suddenly, Lin Ming could feel the tensing of muscles throughout her body. Memories that had been locked away suddenly came rushing back. It had been years since the marriage ended, but the pain of the emptiness was still there. She purposely hadn’t allowed herself to think about the past. She had tried to seal the memories away, hoping that they would vanish with time. All at once, emotions began to well inside her and still the memories kept coming, flooding her consciousness, wave after wave.
She barely knew Redding and already had said too much. She looked around, but there was no place to hide. She stared off into the distance but saw only the sadness of her past.

* * *

The first night she spent with Yang was still clear in her memory. Even then she already knew it would be a difficult marriage. Her stomach was full of butterflies. He had directed her to sleep on the couch while he slept in the bed. Four days had passed before he indicated he was ready to consummate the marriage. There was no kissing, no holding, and little if any touching. He didn’t even respond when she pleaded with him to stop. The physical act was forceful, abrupt, and unkind. The coupling was over in just minutes and then he withdrew to the shower. The whole experience was void of any passion or shared emotions. She began to clean herself with a damp cloth, but her breathing became erratic. So she recoiled to the couch and, with no strength left, she cried.
Week after week, it was always the same. The totality of the coupling was always degrading and humiliating, and one day she flatly refused. Initially, Yang seemed somewhat relieved by rejection, but frustration soon followed.
Two weeks later, he tried again to coerce her into bed, but without any success. Another month had passed before she finally relented, but still nothing had changed. Their intercourse was emotionless and the act was finished almost as soon as it started, leaving her with only emptiness inside. Of the times he had wanted her, more often than not, he was unable to perform. Several times she tried to question him about his need for coupling, but no response was returned. He never seemed excited by the intercourse; in fact, he seemed quite relieved when it was over. Their coupling became less and less frequent. By the end of their first year, the sexual ritual was less than once a month. Any happiness that she had envisioned in married life had been supplanted by humiliation.
She remembered how ugly and inadequate he made her feel. He would always turn away whenever she undressed, as if her naked body was somehow repulsive. She tried different ways to make herself more attractive, but it had no effect. Yang never noticed. It wasn’t until the end of their second year that she learned the truth. His family had been pressuring him from the very beginning for a grandchild. That was the only reason that he slept with her.
She remembered everything, every horrible moment, but those weren’t memories that she could share.

* * *

“We were wrong for each other, but we stayed married. Yang’s parents were sure that he would move back to Dalian after he married, but their ploy didn’t work. He was determined as ever to stay in Shanghai, even though we barely made enough money to pay the rent. We were both so unhappy.”
“Why didn’t you leave him?”
“The Chinese way is different than it is in Western countries,” Lin Ming said. “Everything is not always so simple. We can’t run from our problems just because we are unhappy.”
She turned away from him and gazed down the boulevard. She raised one hand to cover her face and with the other she waved him back. She didn’t want him to see the hurt in her eyes nor the sadness on her face.
“Lin Ming, I’m sorry,” Redding said. “I didn’t mean to pry.”
“Don’t think badly of Yang. He wasn’t a bad person, not really. He just didn’t understand what it meant to be married.” She desperately wanted to put the past away, but still the memories wouldn’t be contained.

* * *

She could see Yang clearly in her mind, brooding and withdrawn. He wasn’t much for talking. He would make short, abrupt statements to avoid having a conversation. Mostly, he just wanted to be left alone. There were times when he was sociable, but they were few and far between. It was as if they were leading separate lives, but it wasn’t for lack of effort on her part. She had tried time and again to converse with him on an intimate level. Something more than just household conversation, but all that prevailed was frustration. He had adopted the practice of simply ignoring her before the conversation had a chance to get started. He never confided in her, nor did he ever realize how much he had hurt her.
Yang had suffered long periods of depression, each time becoming increasingly more despondent. Their marriage may have been an empty shell, but he was her husband. She pleaded with him to see a doctor, but he refused. She even suggested that he call his parents for help, but that only incited him to smash a lamp on the floor. He brushed all of her pleas aside and refused to discuss the matter.
Even from the earliest days of the marriage, he would stay out all night with friends, leaving her at home. He usually returned by morning, reeking of alcohol. In the waning months of their marriage, he would leave on a Saturday and not return home until early Monday morning. Then, he quickly showered, put on some clean clothes, and left for work without ever saying a word. Every week it was the same routine. He went out and she stayed home.
When she wasn’t working, she was cleaning and laundering clothes. Even with their two incomes, there was never enough money to pay their debts. What little money they had, Yang squandered and she was left to face the landlord alone. It was a miserable existence, absent of any happiness, but she had no choice other than to stay married.
She remembered the morning when the police came to the apartment. They began by asking questions about Yang, but she had few answers. She tried to explain that he sometimes stayed out all night, but one of the policemen interrupted her. He said that a man had been found dead in a hotel room and they believed it was Yang. They told her that he had taken a bottle of sleeping tablets while drinking heavily. They needed her to identify his body.
In hindsight, Yang’s death seemed kind of ironic. He had been trained in traditional medicine, but rather than heal himself, he chose to end his life.

* * *

Yang’s family took charge of the funeral arrangements. The cremation services were preformed in Shanghai and then his ashes were returned to Dalian. Following the funeral, his family quickly dismantled all remnants of the marriage. Yang’s uncle notified the building manager that the apartment was available. Then, he told Lin Ming that she would have to find another place to live. Over the next two days, he sold off the few possessions that she and Yang had accumulated during their marriage, leaving her with nothing.
Yang’s mother had been especially cruel. She had blamed Lin Ming for Yang’s unhappy life and his eventual death. She said that if Lin Ming had been a better wife, then Yang wouldn’t have liked men so much. They had been married for six miserable years, and in the frame of a few days it was over. At first she felt nothing inside, and then came a moment of relief that was displaced by sadness. The sadness was not for Yang, but for the marriage they shared and the years that had been wasted.
She returned to her brother’s apartment in Suzhou, carrying the same dilapidated suitcase, filled with her clothes, personal effects, and a photograph of her mother.

* * *

Lin Ming adjusted her stride, purposely creating a buffer from other nearby individuals. She had looked over her shoulder no less than a dozen times to make sure no one approached unnoticed. If anyone came within a certain distance, she would immediately lower her voice to a whisper so as not to be overheard.
“Ease up. It’s not like anyone cares, even if they could speak English.” Redding said.
“The restaurant is there.” She motioned toward an adjacent building, hoping the subject would end.
“How long did you live in Shanghai?”
“Six years. After Yang died, I left.”
It occurred to her that the only other person she had ever confided in was her sister-in-law. Mei had been kind, offering an understanding embrace, but it never actually felt as though the burden had been lifted. 

* * *

Returning to life in Suzhou was far more difficult than she had anticipated. Nothing had changed, yet everything seemed so different. Of course, Ching and Mei extended their support, but not her father. He had always been cold and distant and was even more so with her return. She knew better than to expect any sympathy from him, but nothing could have prepared her for his insensitive remarks, especially the one about Yang’s suicide. He said to find the real cause of a husband’s death one had to look no further than the wife.
As the years passed, father had become increasingly belligerent, frail in health, and still without a grandchild. With Lin Ming’s return, he harped on everyone whether it was justified or not. An uneasy coexistence gripped the household and care had to be taken not to incite Father, but where Lin Ming was concerned, he was easily provoked. There was one particular incident when the teapot ran empty before she had filled his cup. He slammed his rice bowl onto the table and announced that he had made a decision. He would arrange another marriage for Lin Ming. It didn’t matter to him whether she agreed or not, nor did he care that Yang had only been dead two months. Looks were traded across the table, but no one said a word.
The idea of marriage no longer existed in her heart. She would have chosen for herself a life without a husband rather than accept someone in marriage she didn’t know and didn’t love. She wasn’t even sure that she could ever willingly give herself to another man. Maybe Ching and Mei’s marriage was the way it was supposed to be, but she wasn’t willing to take that chance.
Lin Ming knew she couldn’t escape Father’s edict on marriage, nor could he be persuaded to compromise– not unless Mei intervened. She was the one exception. Nothing happened within the household without her approval, and it had been that way since the day she married into the family. She possessed an uncanny ability to manipulate matters so effectively that she often left Father confused about his original intentions. She took Lin Ming aside and assured her that no marriage arrangement would ever materialize, not without her permission.



Chapter Seven


By Redding’s standards, the restaurant looked as if it were on its last legs, not that he was so easily dissuaded. Paint peeled away from the cracks that coursed up the walls and then dispersed across the ceiling. The only lighting consisted of a series of bare light bulbs wired into one extension cord, and the tables and chairs were functional but mismatched. He had seen far worse, but his only criterion was that the place was clean. He selected a table close to the window where the light from outside lessened the harshness of the bare-bulb lighting. Lin Ming neither noticed nor seemed to mind the state of the restaurant. Her attention was focused on a wall-mounted chalkboard that displayed an array of menu specials.
A waitress stood next to the table and twirled a pen between her thumb and fingers while she waited for them to order. Although Lin Ming had suggested several dishes, none of them sounded familiar to Redding. With some trepidation, he surrendered all decisions to her. As she spoke, the waitress scribbled away on a notepad, stopping only to clarify the order before heading to the kitchen.

* * *

In the past, Redding would usually surrender his chopsticks in favor of a fork, but when the waitress offered, he refused. Sitting across from Lin Ming, using a fork just didn’t seem appropriate. Dishes of chicken, scrambled eggs with shrimp, and braised green beans were delivered to the table along with steamed rice and tea. Lin Ming filled a bowl with rice and handed it to Redding, and then only partially filled another bowl for herself. With chopsticks, she reached for a single green bean and took a bite before setting the other half of the green bean in her bowl. Then, she set her chopsticks down.
“You’re not eating?” Redding asked, as he lifted a shrimp to his mouth.
“I’m not that hungry.”
“Well, you don’t expect me to eat all of this by myself, do you?”
“I thought Americans have big appetites?”
“Not everyone!” he said. “So how come you’re not eating? Are you still thinking about him?”
“What?”
“Yang, Shanghai?”
“No, it’s not that!” she said. “I don’t have any feelings for him. I never did.”
She hesitated for a moment, and then picked up her bowl and chopsticks, and began slowly eating the rice. Redding pointed to the chicken with his chopsticks, indicating that she should try some. She feigned a smile before reaching for one of the smaller pieces.
“I shouldn’t have told you about my past,” she said, intentionally closing the door to any further discussion about her previous life. “It was unprofessional.”

* * *

They had walked some distance from the restaurant but were still nowhere close to their destination. Several pedicycle taxis sat curbside while their drivers shaded themselves under a tree. The pedicycle was essentially a three-wheeled bike that was in a style reminiscent of the old wooden rickshaws. It consisted of side-by-side seating on an aluminum bench that was positioned between the two rear wheels. Extending upward from the rear was a fiberglass overhead canopy that provided the occupants with minimal protection from sun or rain. The metal frame that extended forward from the cab was essentially the front half of a standard bicycle, which provided the driver the means to pedal and steer. The pedicycle may have been a slow means of transportation, but it wasn’t without its advantages. Its elevated open-air cab and unhurried pace provided an outstanding view of the commercial venues along the street.
Lin Ming climbed into one, and then Redding climbed in next to her. Sitting side by side, they were close enough that he caught a trace of her light, flowery scent. He immediately recognized the sweet, fragrant smell of gardenias.
His interest in the old city must have seemed unusual to Lin Ming, but an explanation was out of the question. The fewer people that knew about the cello painting the better it would be. Of the tourists that crossed her path, most were probably enamored by the gardens. That was easily understood. They would have had little interest in the local stores and street traffic, but for him, the streets were vital to his search.
“You’re looking for something?” Lin Ming asked.
“Not really. Maybe some collectables.” Although he purposely kept his answer vague, he thought it would be enough to satisfy her curiosity.
“The old city is the wrong place to look for collectables. I know a better place,” Lin Ming said. She waited for a response, but Redding ignored the suggestion.
The pedicycle retreated from the shade of one tree only to capture the shade of another a moment later. The driver held close to the curb, staying clear of traffic as he pedaled along a busy street. As they neared a parked vehicle, he blindly pulled out into traffic, causing a vehicle approaching from behind to blast its horn. Unfazed by the warning, the driver continued pedaling until he passed the parked vehicle and then returned to curbside. Without any other obstructions for the rest of the block, he was able to pedal forward unimpeded, but instead of focusing on the road ahead of him, he had taken to twisting around on his seat. At first Redding thought he might be concerned with traffic approaching from the rear, but that was not the case. The driver was clearly staring into the cab, directly at Redding and Lin Ming. It got to a point that he was spending more time staring backward at them than he was looking forward. After drifting into traffic and nearly colliding with a truck, Redding had had enough.
“Pull over before you get us all killed!” he demanded, although he wasn’t even sure that the driver understood English, but with a snap of his hand in the direction of the sidewalk, the message was delivered.
“What was all that staring about?” Redding asked, while helping Lin Ming as she stepped down from the cab.
“Maybe he was trying to say that he had gone far enough.”
“Far enough? Isn’t he supposed to take us to our destination?”
“Maybe he’s just tired. It can’t be easy pedaling one of those things. Besides, it’s only another two blocks.”

* * *

As they walked, Redding pulled out his map. The major boulevards and commercial streets, along with temples, gardens, shopping districts, and hotels, were all well represented. As for residential areas, they were mostly enclosed by masonry walls, and were nothing more than an outline on the map. If store owners, clothing or otherwise, aspired to any degree of success, they would have been limited to shopping districts and commercial avenues that provided a substantial amount of foot traffic. For this reason, Redding completely ignored all residential areas. He was still deep in the map when Lin Ming interrupted his thoughts.
“I was wondering if you would like to have tea this afternoon.” She paused for a moment. “Actually, I’m having tea with friends. Maybe you could join us?”
Redding had almost accepted the invitation until she mentioned her friends. He definitely wanted to spend more time with her, but that didn’t include having tea with strangers. He reminded himself that his focus was on finding the painting, and with his well-annotated tourist map, nothing would stop him.
“I told you about Ting and Sam, remember?” Lin Ming said.
“The English teacher? Yeah, but I’m not sure about tea.”

* * *

By the time they arrived at the Humble Administrator’s Garden, the question of afternoon tea had been forgotten. They made their way through the front gate, into the reception pavilion, and out into the garden.
The garden seemed to reach out in all directions, as if it were some immense wonderland of foliage. Accenting the landscape was a colorful palette of blossoming flowers that bordered the stone-paved walkways. Mature deciduous trees, some already having lost their foliage, overshadowed the stone pathways with their sparse branches. The garden presented both contrasting and complimentary themes. Such as the contemporary stone bridge that zigzagged across one segment of the pond yet still blended well in the historic Asian setting, or the gnarled trunks of some trees that contrasted with the willowy slenderness of others.
Interspersed among the seemingly endless varieties of trees, plants, and flowers were dozens of pavilions. All were strategically placed in the garden, and each one was graced with intricate woodwork and tiled roofs that peaked dramatically at the cornices. Each pavilion varied slightly in design and size, and each had been intended for a specific use. Some were favored as tearooms and libraries, a few for meditation, and some just for the view. There was one distinctive pavilion that had even been set on an artificially made knoll for the sole purpose of providing an elevated view of the surrounding grounds.
Redding and Lin Ming strolled along walkways that wound through the garden and the pavilions, always within a whisper of each other. They found a stone bench on the edge of a blue-green pond and sat next to each other while they watched Mandarin ducks paddle aimlessly through the water lilies. Both had become drawn into the lull of the garden, completely unaware of their state of mind, which was exactly what the Humble Administrator had intended.
It wasn’t until they entered a pavilion that displayed a number of watercolors that Redding was instantly reminded of his mission. His time spent in the garden may have been unavoidable, but for his purposes, it was counter-productive. Hours had already passed, causing him to become anxious about lost time. A fair portion of the morning had already been wasted in the Lion Grove Garden, and he had no one to blame but himself.
The Humble Administrator’s Garden had been divided into three separate sections. Each supposedly represented different regions of China. Although each of the separate sections may have held some unique distinction, their individual characteristics were lost on Redding. They had seen all of the Western and Central sections, but only a portion of the Eastern; still he was pretty sure they had been there long enough. They were midway through an extraordinary collection of Bonsai plants when Lin Ming mentioned something about another garden in the old city.
“I’m sorry, I just can’t,” Redding said, clearly frustrated. “Not another garden!”
“But these gardens are an important part of Chinese culture.”
“Please don’t take any offense, but to me, it’s just a big garden.”
“In America, do you have a house?” She asked.
Redding nodded, but the truth was Victoria had retained the house in the divorce.
“And does your house have a yard, with plants and flowers, and maybe some trees?”
Again, he nodded. Still vivid in his memory were the landscaper’s consulting fees, the selection of dozens of plants, and a few trees, brickwork, sprinklers, and of course, the mounting costs to completion.
“That is your garden. You can enjoy its beauty every day. It is not that way for most Chinese people. Most Chinese don’t have a house, or a garden, and they can’t afford to buy plants and flowers. We have to be concerned about other matters. Like school and clothing, food for our families, and medical care. Those are necessities. So, we live without, but we can always enjoy the wonder of these gardens.”
There were the inescapable differences between their cultures, such as language, ethnicity, and cuisine, but it was the subtler distinctions that left him dismayed. Something as simple as their contrasting views of a garden had become one of those distinctions.
Redding apologized for his waning interest. Any other time, he would have readily spent the whole day with her, wandering through the foliage. He knew she was disappointed, but the gardens wouldn’t bring him any closer to finding the cello painting. As they moved progressively toward the exit, he reiterated his desire to become familiar with the old city in totality, not just the gardens.



Chapter Eight


As they passed through the exit of the Humble Administrator’s Garden, Redding signaled for a pedicycle. He looked the driver over carefully to make sure it wasn’t the same guy as before and then they climbed into the cab. He had rehired a pedicycle not because he and Lin Ming were tired of walking or that he felt some need to let the drivers redeem themselves. The pedicycle was simply an efficient means of moving from one segment of the old city to another with ease. In the little time they had left, he desperately wanted to see and get a sense of the other half of old Suzhou.
The driver strained against the pedals until the pedicycle reached a moderate clip. Then, he coasted a short distance while he rested and caught his breath, only to jump back on the pedals the moment the taxi began to slow. In a relatively short span of time, he managed to pedal halfway across the old city. When the driver seemed to be nearing a point of exhaustion, Redding motioned for him to pull over.
He tipped the driver well, and then he and Lin Ming set off on foot. They were midway down the street when Redding caught sight of an unusual store. It wasn’t a clothing store; not that anyone would have construed it as such, although clothing was displayed in the window. Visible inside the store beyond the window display were household items that included everything imaginable, from furniture to kitchen appliances. Still, because of the few clothing items in the window the possibility existed that Mrs. Geary’s student may have inadvertently labeled the store as such. Its location was marked on his map, along with half a dozen other prospects already noted. He would return soon enough, and if the cello painting was in the old city, he would find it. Looking well past the clothing display, he peered deeper into the store.
“Are you looking for souvenirs? I know a better place,” Lin Ming offered.
“Not souvenirs, but something more along the lines of collectables.”
Redding hated lying, even when it was necessary, but he couldn’t take the risk of disclosing his real interest in the old city.
“I don’t suppose you would be interested in visiting the Merchant’s Market?” Lin Ming asked. “It’s a group of specialty stores, some with wonderful ceramics and exotic teas. It’s usually the last stop on a tour.”
Redding knew exactly what she was suggesting. The market that she described would have been a collection of merchants that often worked in concert with tour companies. The tour operator would deliver its customers to the merchants in exchange for a prearranged commission. Everything the merchants sold was supposedly a bargain, but more often than not their goods were actually overpriced.
“I’d rather have tea with your friends.”
Somehow the words just slipped out of his mouth, and that quickly, he was committed to spending the rest of the afternoon having tea. It certainly wasn’t his intent, but given a choice it seemed like the lesser of evils.
Just as he returned his gaze to the store window, the door abruptly opened. A Caucasian man bolted outside, nearly knocking Lin Ming over and without so much as offering an apology. He just locked his eyes onto Redding and, without a falter or a blink, he held him with a penetrating stare. The intensity was enough to put Redding on edge, but before he could say anything, the stranger walked away.
“Do you know that person?” Lin Ming asked.
“I’ve never seen him before.”
“But he’s like you, an American?”
“He may be an American, but he’s not like me.”
They had already spent enough time on the streets that Redding felt as if he had a solid understanding of the old city. The main boulevard along with all of the commercial streets coincided nicely with the map’s representation. He had quartered the map into a segmented grid, with each segment approximating two days’ worth of searching. If all went well, he would complete the search in no more than a week.

* * *

Nobody was really sure how the teahouse got its name. Maybe Ting’s pronunciation was a little off that day, or maybe the company that made the sign was responsible for the error. It didn’t much matter and it was somewhat unique. Instead of “Tea House” it was “Tae House.” Ting was upset by the error, but Sam liked it, so the name stayed and the business thrived.
Tae House was located just on the edge of downtown Suzhou. It wasn’t exactly the traditional teahouse with Chinese décor that Redding had expected. It was more of a modern- style café whose clientele was almost exclusively the local university crowd. Every table in the place was crammed with people edging for elbow room except for one in the back of the teahouse. There, one individual, the only noticeable non-Asian, sat all alone, his tie loosened and shirtsleeves rolled up, reading an English-language newspaper.
Sam was probably in his late thirties, but already he looked older than his years. Other than shaving blemishes, his appearance was marred by a failed attempt to conceal his balding pate with a comb-over.

* * *

As the introductions were made, Sam motioned for Redding to sit, and the moment he settled into a chair, Lin Ming disappeared somewhere behind the counter.
“So you’re seeing China, and taking some time off from what?” Sam asked.
“You mean, what do I do for a living? I’m in the manufacturing business, precision parts, if that’s what you’re asking?”
“You’re talking about aerospace stuff, right? That’s got to be real tough right now, I mean with all the cutbacks and everything.”
“Well, there’re still plenty of others that need precision work,” Redding said.
“Yeah, I suppose, but then aren’t you spending all your time chasing new clients?”
Sam wasn’t just steering the conversation, he was fishing for information. It was a tactic that didn’t mesh well with Redding and it usually hinted at some preset agenda.
“So what exactly do you want to know?” Redding demanded.
“Nothing, really! I didn’t mean anything by it. It’s just that I don’t often get to interact with other Americans.”
“Somehow, I’m not surprised.”
When Lin Ming returned to the table with the tea, Redding asked for something cold with ice. She only smiled and headed back to the service counter.
“Did you know that I’m a teacher? Lin Ming probably told you, right?” Sam asked, but he didn’t wait for a response. “The pay definitely sucks, still I wouldn’t mind so much if I was retired, but that’s not the case. We’re anxious to start a family, but we decided to wait until we move back to the States. That’s the only reason we’ve held off.”
“That’s probably a good idea,” Redding said, but he wasn’t so much listening to Sam. His thoughts were back on the streets of old Suzhou.
“So, you and Lin Ming. What’s the story?”
“She’s my tour guide. We just met today.” Redding lowered his voice. “You know, I could use a little help understanding the culture.”
“It’s all gut instinct, and knowing the culture isn’t going to help.” Sam knew what Redding was really asking.
Someone reached over Redding’s shoulder and set an ice-filled drink in front of him. He turned to acknowledge the service, but it wasn’t Lin Ming. The woman behind him was short in stature, with a thickset shape and an unremarkable face.
“This is Ting, my wife,” Sam said.
Ting moved around to Sam’s side of the table, the whole time gazing across the café. Satisfied that every table had been serviced, she sat down next to Sam. Then, she set her eyes on Redding, studying his every move as if he were the only foreigner she had ever seen.
“If you’re interested, I can show you a part of China that isn’t on any tour,” Sam said. “All you have to do is come with me tomorrow and help out in the classroom. It’s all easy stuff, you know, just reading a kid’s book to some first graders,” Sam said.
“You got the wrong guy,” Redding said as he took a sip of his drink. “You definitely have the wrong guy. Besides, tomorrow I have plans for the whole day.”
“You’re interested in Lin Ming, aren’t you?”
“I don’t need any help, thanks anyway,” Redding said.
“Two minutes ago, you were asking about the culture. All of the sudden, you know everything? If you think it’s going to be easy, you’re wrong, but I can set it up.”
“I have a better idea,” Ting interrupted, before turning to Redding. “So, you’re busy tomorrow, but what about tomorrow night? Do you have dinner plans?”
Redding shook his head.
“Then I will arrange everything, and the four of us will have dinner together,” she said as she stood up. “And on Tuesday morning, Lin Ming will bring you to the school.”
Redding knew he was being railroaded, but he didn’t see an easy way out. Lin Ming was undoubtedly a close friend, and if he refused Sam’s request it could reflect badly on him. Ting was definitely the driving force in their marriage, but he wasn’t sure who was responsible for this conspiracy. It was obvious that Ting and Sam were using Lin Ming as the bait, he just wasn’t sure why.



Chapter Nine


Redding opened the drapes, allowing the diffused lighting of an overcast morning to seep into the room. As he buttoned his shirt, he turned to face the mirror. The reflection that it returned was his, but in an absurd likeness. His image had morphed into a human cello, with an overly broad, cracked, and weathered shell. Long, spindle-like arms protruded from the upper portion of the shell and his head teetered precariously on top of the cello’s elongated neck. The unnatural merging was nothing more than a product of his mental devices; nevertheless, it was disturbing.
He closed his eyes and forced the distorted image from his head. It wouldn’t have been so unsettling except that he had had the dream again. He could still hear the screeching of the cellos as they careened around the racetrack, hell bent on destruction. The self-annihilation had raged on and on until the life had been crushed out of every last cello.
Neither the dream nor the image in the mirror was given any credence. They were nothing more than fragmented thoughts that had somehow become stuck in his head.

* * *

Under a light drizzle, the taxi wound its way through the downtown traffic in the direction of the old city. The drizzle was a bit of an annoyance, but it was light enough not to require an umbrella.
After evaluating his notes, Redding had made a decision to expand his search beyond the limits of just clothing store. It had already become apparent that some clothing venues were something of an anomaly, and thus not easily identified. So he intended to investigate every store unless it was obviously a poor choice to house a painting, such as a fruit market or a bicycle shop.
Another concern was that the boundaries between the old city and Suzhou proper were sometime difficult to assess. Someone slightly distracted could have easily crossed the canals that bordered the old city and not even realized that they had. That meant that Mrs. Geary’s student might have thought that she was in the old city when actually she was not. So the possibility existed that the search would have to be expanded beyond the old city boundaries.
The most frustrating issue were the stores that were either closed indefinitely or didn’t maintain normal business hours. The problem was further complicated by the fact that almost every storefront was covered by a roll-down metal door. It wouldn’t have been such a problem except that the exterior signage was almost exclusively in Chinese. Other than trying to find someone to translate the signage, there was no way to know what kind of business was hidden behind the roll-down doors. All of these locations were marked on his map so they wouldn’t be missed when he made a follow-up pass.
After considering all factors, he revised his timeline estimate. He originally thought that it would take maybe six to seven days to complete his search, but now he knew that wasn’t realistic. The sad reality was that his two weeks in China might not be enough time.

* * *

It had been a long day of solid legwork, up one street and down another. The late-afternoon temperatures had finally leveled off while the humidity remained within tolerable limits. Having removed it hours ago, he carried his coat slung over his shoulder. Under the shade of a tree, he uncapped a bottle of water and raised it to his lips. That’s when he saw the American who had bumped into Lin Ming the day before, still some distance up the street. If he had been anyone else, he probably would have gone unnoticed, but his previous behavior had made him overtly recognizable.
As the American closed the distance between them, he broke his gait just long enough to light a cigarette. He was no more than a hundred feet away when he happened to catch sight of Redding. In an instant, he turned and stepped into the street. Then he hailed an approaching taxi and flicked away his cigarette, all in one motion. After he climbed into the passenger side, the taxi immediately merged into traffic.
The shade had provided only minimal relief, and Redding simply couldn’t afford to waste any time. He worked his way along the street, but nothing stood out until he arrived at the same place where he had just seen the American. In that location was a business that he categorized as scrap, or something analogous to a lesser second-hand store. Like so many other businesses with roll-up doors, it was without a façade, which allowed its wares to be exhibited all over the sidewalk.

* * *

He stepped inside, but due to the absence of interior lighting, it took Redding’s eyes a full minute to adjust to the darkened interior. Every square inch was crammed with something useless, and it all probably should have been discarded. There were mismatched dishes and cups of Oriental design, most of them marred with chips and cracks. Precariously tied to the ceiling were lamps, bicycle frames, and birdcages, all heavily inundated with cobwebs. Boxes that held everything from woks to carburetors were stacked on each other, many already having split their seams and on the verge of spilling their contents. Furniture was stacked from floor to ceiling and a collection of used VCR tapes and books was piled high on a table. There were a few imitation Art Deco pieces, but there weren’t any paintings. The store was a collection of everything used and nothing antique.
He was still trying to assimilate the density when an elderly woman with small eyes and wiry gray hair shuffled from the back of the store.
“Yes, many good things to buy,” she smiled, revealing her teeth, stained and crooked.
“I’m just looking.”
“So what are you looking for? Maybe something special?”
Redding had no intention of actually answering her question, so he shifted the conversation. “You speak English very well.”
“Yeah, I’m Chinese and I can speak English.” A condescending tone could clearly be heard in her voice. “Maybe you are looking for a painting?”
Her unexpected reply caught Redding by surprise. He didn’t want to give any information away, but he definitely wanted to know what she knew about the cello painting, if anything.
“Do you have any paintings?”
“I can find a painting for you,” she said, as she pulled a business card from her pocket. “This man, he is also looking for a painting. A painting with a musician and flowers.”
That answered his question. She didn’t know anything about the painting and the man she was referring to was most likely the other American.
“May I see it?” Redding asked as he held his hand out for the business card.
She quickly pulled her hand away, and then slipped the card back into her pocket.
There was little doubt in his mind, but he needed to know for sure. If some other individual was also looking for the cello painting, then he wanted to know who that person was, especially if it was that American. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his money clip. He peeled off a one-hundred-yuan note.
“May I see it?” he asked again as he offered her the currency.
“Two hundred and you can have it.”
Without hesitation he peeled off another hundred yuan note, and then purposely returned the money clip to his pocket. He wanted to make sure she understood that the price had been set. He handed her both bills and she handed him the business card.
“Now, you buy something from my store,” she said, waving her arm to indicate the store’s abundance. Backing slowly through the meandering aisle, she lifted one item after another for his consideration, always watching for any sign of interest. With each item she chose she gasped with surprise as if she had just uncovered some forgotten treasure.
“Oh, so pretty…. Yes, very nice.… Such wonderful colors.”
She grabbed at everything within reach: a chipped ceramic bowl, an empty picture frame, a percolator coffee pot. The store had nothing Redding wanted and certainly nothing he needed. She pulled an old courier pouch from under a pile of magazines. She held the pouch by the shoulder strap and lifted the flap, the whole time watching his eyes for any spark of interest. Redding recognized the ploy. She intended to squeeze him for every last yuan until he had nothing left. He reached into his pocket and retrieved another hundred yuan. He handed her the currency, took the pouch and left without even asking the price or saying goodbye.
The moment he stepped outside he set his eyes on the business card. It was from the Meridian Plaza Hotel, and written on the back of the card was the name “Joran Hausen” and the room number 1630.
He wasn’t sure if Joran Hausen and the American were one and the same, but it seemed likely. The only thing that was certain was Joran Hausen’s interest in the cello painting. It wasn’t relevant how he came to know its whereabouts, nor was that a question Redding ever expected to have answered.
Still, there was a demoralizing aspect in knowing that someone else was combing the streets for the painting, but it wasn’t totally unexpected. That had always been a variable from the very beginning. The real question hinged on if anyone else knew, and that in turn increased the possibility that every inch of the old city had already been scoured.

* * *

Every street within the old city seemed like a world unto itself, inundated with small-time businesses that often spilled out onto the sidewalks. An array of businesses in seemingly unrelated markets sat side by side, along with a few that seemed to defy classification. Produce markets, repair shops, and eateries, along with an unfinished construction project, a burned-out building, and buildings that should have been condemned were all completely ignored. All other businesses, especially the secondhand stores, the clothing boutiques, and the furniture outlets commanded his full attention.
After canvassing the first segment, he retraced his route to uncover businesses that weren’t yet open on his first pass, but the effort yielded few results. Of the locations that still weren’t open, some were again marked on his map for follow-up, but those without any signage were simply crossed off.
If he could have, he would have continued well into the night, but he had less than an hour before he was supposed to meet Lin Ming and her friends for dinner. He felt the slight tinge of fatigue in his legs, but it wasn’t from a lack of conditioning. If anything, it was the humidity exacting a toll. It would likely be days before his body acclimated to the change of climate, and until then he would just have to deal with the uncomfortable warmth. With a wave of his hand, he coaxed a taxi to the curb.
The driver merely glanced at the hotel card before acknowledging that he was familiar with the Bamboo Grove Hotel. He allowed the taxi to inch forward a little at a time while trying to merge into traffic behind a truck with a flat tire. That’s when Redding saw the American again, partially concealed in a narrow walkway between two buildings. His eyes were locked dead-on Redding while he stood frozen in the shadows. There, he never would have been noticed had the driver not been forced to merge so slowly.

* * *

Well past the old city’s ancient canals, Redding could still feel the acidic intensity of the American watching him. When the taxi finally rolled onto the hotel’s apron, he tossed a few bills to the driver and bolted into the lobby.
With the image of the American still in his head, he made a straight line for the hotel’s business center. If he had had more time, he would have pulled everything related to Joran Hausen off the computer himself. Instead, he quickly drafted an e-mail to Lillian Geary. She knew everybody who was anybody in the art world. If Joran Hausen were someone significant, she would know. After sending the e-mail, he headed straight for his room. With the little time he had left, he still had to shower and change.

* * *

In spite of its overly ornate furnishings and traditional red décor, the restaurant managed a subtle elegance. The meal started with egg flower soup, but in Redding’s opinion, it wasn’t anything special. It seemed to be lacking in flavor, but he sipped away at it without comment. The steamed fish with ginger was the highlight of the meal, but overall he was disillusioned. The connection he felt with Lin Ming the day before seemed to be absent. Maybe he had misread her and was expecting something that didn’t exist. He tried reaching her on something more than a superficial level, but having Ting and Sam hovering over them muted his efforts.
“So, what exactly do you want from me tomorrow?” Redding asked, referring to Sam’s request for assistance at the school.
“Not much, really. You’re just going to read a story to some first graders.”
“And they understand English?”
Sam shrugged his shoulders, not to indicate that he didn’t know, but that it wasn’t important. “I’m not worried about them understanding the story. I just want them to have some exposure to English. It’s actually time well spent, because at that age they have a natural ability to grasp and understand.”
If there had been any way out of the commitment, Redding would have seized it. Reading a story was all well and good, except that he lacked the necessary skills to deal with children. A morning that should have been spent canvassing the old city would instead be wasted away in a classroom.
“After you’re finished with the reading, we will have a tour of Wuzhen.” Lin Ming said. “That’s where you will find what you have been looking for.”
It wasn’t what she said that caught him by surprise, but how she said it. The hint of excitement in her voice had removed all doubt. She was still interested in him. He feigned enthusiasm for the tour and set aside his angst over the loss of time.
“Lin Ming thinks that your interest in the old city is the same as it is for others,” Sam said. “I mean, outside of the gardens, there’s really not much to see.”
“I’m not sure I understand. What others are we talking about?” Redding asked, just as an image of Joran popped into his head.
“Tourists! That’s what we’re talking about. They think that by seeing the old city they’re going to be able to connect with the past, the way China used to be before modernization,” Sam said. “You know, see the real China, get a taste of the real culture, but the old city isn’t so old anymore. It’s just an old section of a larger city. Wuzhen will give you a sense of what China’s past was really like.”



Chapter Ten


After a night of restless sleep, Redding was roused by a jarring wake-up call. He shaved hastily before the mirror steamed over, and then it appeared again. His reflection as a cello was staring back at him, but as disturbing as the image was he hardly gave it a thought. There was nothing real about the image. The physiology of it was all in his head and it could have been caused by anything, such as a mineral deficiency or even sleep deprivation, but was most likely a byproduct of stress.
The phone rang and the image instantaneously vanished. He thought of Lin Ming already waiting in the lobby, but she would have been an hour early. He set the receiver on his shoulder and tilted his head to hold it in place, only to hear Yves’ voice on the other end.
“Yeah, Red, I thought we could talk some business.”
That was Yves’ usual prelude to some potentially expensive issue related to their company, and Redding responded with his typical outburst of annoyance.
“Goddammit, Yves! What is it this time?”
“I just wanted to see if you had any thoughts about the buyout?”
“What the hell is the matter with you? I’ve been here two whole days. I haven’t even seen shit yet, and you want to know if I had any thoughts?”
“Take it easy, Red. I didn’t mean anything by it. I just called to see if you had any questions.”
Discussing the buyout face to face was bad enough, but there was no way Redding was about to discuss the matter long distance. He told Yves that he would call if any thoughts came to mind. Then he slammed down the phone. He didn’t like losing his temper, but the idea of being shut out of his own company made him really edgy.
Without the business, he would still have the condo and he wouldn’t go hungry. But he wouldn’t have any real money either and that wasn’t the way he wanted to live. He was halfway around the world and the business was bearing down on him. He could feel Yves tearing their partnership asunder. At least, that’s the way it seemed.

* * *

Lin Ming wasn’t due for another ten minutes, so he headed into the business center to check his e-mail. There was one from Mrs. Lillian Geary.
Well, I must tell you, Mr. Teska, I am quite surprised that you asked about Mr. Hausen. I don’t know him personally, but I have heard the stories. He’s one of those New York art gallery dealers that should never have been allowed a business license. The story is that he was caught in some nasty business with a stolen painting. So I certainly hope you are not involved in any dealings with his gallery. Do have the good common sense to avoid him.
For you convenience, I have attached a couple of links regarding Mr. Hausen. 
The first was a website for the Hausen Art Gallery in New York City, which listed Joran as the chief executive officer. The website touted services related to consignment sales, along with a calendar of upcoming exhibitions featuring local artists. It also mentioned that services could be tailored to meet the specific needs of the client, no matter what the requirements.
The second link produced a newspaper article that detailed the sale of a stolen million-dollar painting. The seller of the consigned painting never materialized, and the authorities had questioned Joran at length. The paperwork related to the consignment was carefully analyzed and the gallery was searched front to back, but there wasn’t any evidence suggesting that Joran had had prior knowledge. Eventually, the district attorney’s office backed away from the investigation and no charges were ever filed.
Redding hadn’t even finished the article before he knew that Joran and the American were one and the same. He also knew the truth, whether or not any charges were ever filed. The world was full of ruthless people and Joran was one of them. If there had to be another person searching the old city, it was just a damn shame that it turned out to be him.
As much as he wanted to, he couldn’t stop himself from thinking about Joran. Had he already turned over every stone in the old city looking for the painting? Was he efficient and calculating, or sloppy and lazy and just hoping to stumble onto it? There weren’t any easy answers, so Redding tried to push the questions out of his head. If he were to be successful, he couldn’t allow anyone, not even a thieving art dealer, to distract him. He had barely covered the first section of the old city and was nowhere near ready to call it quits. Still, somewhere in the back of his mind there was a defeatist’s argument and it continually gnawed away at him.
The morning would be a complete waste. It was essentially spent and it had nothing to do with the painting. Not wanting to upset his nervous stomach, he had skipped breakfast. He met up with Lin Ming in the hotel lobby and they queued up for a taxi. At dinner the night before, Sam had filled him in on the basics of what to expect in the classroom, but that did little to settle his nervousness. The fact that Lin Ming was accompanying him had a calming effect, but her enthusiasm was a little disturbing.

* * *

The taxi plied through the morning traffic, accelerating at every opportunity, only to speed right past the school. When the driver realized what he had done, he immediately came to a stop, set the taxi in reverse, and started backing through the approaching traffic. He continued on, even over all objections, refusing to stop until Redding opened the passenger door.
His hands actually trembled when he paid the taxi driver, but it had nothing to do with the driving. As they walked back to the school, he began cursing himself for becoming involved. He was usually too sharp to get caught in situations that were out of his element. The more he thought about it, the more convinced he became that he was the wrong person for the task of reading to a classroom of students. Someone who knew how to handle children should have been selected, and he wasn’t that person.
The school would have been indistinguishable from the rest of the neighborhood except that its masonry walls had recently been painted and a sign had been mounted at the gate, identifying it in both Chinese and English. Through the large steel gate, a driveway led to a half- dozen parking spaces. Beyond the parking area was an L-shaped, two-story building that ran along one side of the property and across the back. Opposite the parking area was a concrete surface that had on one side a makeshift backboard and hoop. Between the half court and the school was a grassy area, well trampled and desperately in need of water. According to Sam, this was supposedly the typical Chinese school.
Sam stood in the shade of the first-floor overhang, trying to maintain an authoritarian presence while self-consciously fussing with his hair, not that it would make any difference in hiding his balding pate.
“Let’s get this over with,” Redding said, halfheartedly resigned to the task.
As they started down the walkway, Sam handed a book to Redding that was full of oversize print and color illustrations. It was an overly simplistic storybook that could have been read from cover to cover in mere minutes. They passed three classrooms before finally stopping at the door of the fourth one.
“Suppose something goes wrong?” Redding asked.
“Nothing is going to go wrong. Besides, their teacher will be in the classroom the whole time,” Sam said.

* * *

They stood just inside the classroom while they waited for the teacher to finish speaking to her students. It had been years since Redding had been in a classroom, and everything was familiar, yet strangely different. Everything seemed short and miniature in size. Even the children, with their animated expressions, seemed somewhat at odds with his memories of grade school. Somehow, they seemed just a little too young to be away from their families, yet all of them were keenly aware of the visitors in their classroom. Their little chairs had been loosely arranged into rows that faced forward and, at the front of the classroom, was one empty chair, standard in size.
“This is the kindergarten class,” Sam whispered to Redding.
“I thought you said I was reading to the first graders,” Redding whispered back, but Sam didn’t get a chance to respond.
The classroom suddenly erupted with children’s voices, staggered and barely discernible. “Good morning, Mr. Teska.”
Redding smiled nervously as he returned the greeting. Then, the teacher motioned him to come forward and sit in the chair that faced the children. He mustered the necessary confidence as he walked to the chair and sat down. Retrieving his reading glasses from his pocket, he positioned them on his face. He told himself to be calm and took a deep breath. Then, he looked around the classroom and into the faces of the children. They were all keenly focused on him and he could sense their anticipation.
The teacher moved off to the side, next to Lin Ming, but Sam slipped out the door the moment Redding sat down.
He opened the book and began to read. After the second page, he stopped and turned the book so all of the children could see. Then, he pointed to one of the pictures.
“Red… bike.” Redding said slowly and purposefully. “Red… bike.” He paused for a moment while he waited for a response.
The teacher said something to the children in Chinese and they individually tried to repeat his words, but their responses were fragmented and lacking in clarity. Again, Redding repeated the words. This time, their responses came in unison, but the pronunciation was still lacking. What he heard was, “Wed bike.”
Redding glanced in the direction of Lin Ming and she nodded her head in approval. He continued to read, stopping every so often to display the pictures. He would hold the book up with one hand, and then would identify a person or object in the picture by pointing with the index finger of his other hand. He would clearly pronounce the word in English that identified the object and then wait for a response. The students in turn would repeat the word, which invariably elicited smiles throughout the class.
Halfway through the book he noticed that some of the children began to move their chairs closer. One child came and stood next to him, staring into the book while he read, and another child came and squatted down in front of him. As he continued to read, the chairs and the children came closer.
An unexpected wave of emotion caught Redding off guard. Surrounded by the children he took a slow breath before wiping the moisture from his eyes. Then, he continued reading as if nothing had happened.
He had nearly finished the story when Sam returned. Sam only had to tap on his watch and Redding knew it was time to leave. Outside, they slowly walked back in the direction that they had come.
“So, how was it?” Sam asked.
“It went well enough, but I’m not sure how much of the story they really understood.”
“They understood,” Sam said as he stopped at the door of another classroom. “Their teacher read them the same book yesterday, in Chinese.”
Redding glance at Lin Ming, who confirmed Sam’s assertion with a nod.
“This won’t take a minute,” Sam said, as he opened the door and ushered Redding and Lin Ming inside.

* * *

This classroom was set up slightly differently from the kindergarten class. There were rows of tables, and a boy and girl sat at each one. They each wore a light-blue, button-up shirt with a school emblem above the left pocket and dark-blue shorts. They looked similar in age to the kindergarten class, except for the uniforms.
“This is the first-grade class,” Sam whispered.
“What are we doing here?” Redding said.
It was then that the children starting staring at him while the teacher was pointing to something on the blackboard. He turned his head and looked over his shoulder to see what was written. In bold letters on the blackboard was, “Mr. Teska.”
“Good morning, Mr. Teska,” the children said in well-practiced unison.
“Good morning,” Redding replied, breaking into a broad smile, and then he turned so only Sam could see the look in his eyes.
Sam didn’t respond other than to pass Redding another book. The question of whether he had already fulfilled his original commitment didn’t seem to matter. An opportunity had been provided and Sam intended to use for all it was worth.
In this class there wasn’t a waiting chair, only a lectern that the teacher had just relinquished. As Redding stepped forward to the lectern, a little girl in the front row clapped her hands. He hadn’t even opened the book yet and Sam was already out the door, leaving Lin Ming standing with the teacher on one side of the classroom.
Just like the kindergarteners, the first-grade children’s expressions and mannerisms were overly animated. With one class already behind him, Redding was a little more at ease. The wide-eyed stares of the young pupils were almost enough to make him laugh, but a measure of decorum was self imposed and a professional persona maintained.
At the conclusion of the reading, Redding said goodbye and then he and Lin Ming left the classroom. Sam was waiting outside.
“If you’re interested in a career change, I could set it up,” Sam said.
There was nothing surprising about the question. Sam’s recruitment tactics weren’t exactly subtle. As pleased as Redding was with the outcome of the readings, it hardly qualified him as a teacher. The readings had been an interesting disruption well outside his usual existence, but the real disruption was that it had in no way brought him closer to the painting.
“No, we’re finished here!” Redding insisted. “And there aren’t going be any more readings.”
“We should hurry,” Lin Ming said, but in Redding’s face she could see a lack of understanding. “Wuzhen! Have you forgotten?”
He winced at the sudden realization that it had completely slipped his mind. He had been so distracted worrying about the reading he had forgotten all about Wuzhen. Everything had already been arranged, and he couldn’t just dismiss Lin Ming, nor did he want to. He wanted to be with her, so close he could smell her fragrance, but every minute spent with her diminished his chances of finding the painting.



Chapter Eleven


Just as Lin Ming had said, a car and driver were waiting outside the school gate for the one-hour jaunt to Wuzhen. Redding adopted a relaxed position in the back seat while staring out the window. Lin Ming sat up front next to the driver and elaborated on local productivity. She had said something about an increase in commercial exports and a minor decrease in agricultural products. Redding heard everything she said, but he was only half paying attention. His thoughts vacillated between his reading at the school and his absence from the old city.
He had posed some mundane question about Wuzhen, but he had little interest in the answer. The question was simply meant to shift the conversation. He had become bored with the whole subject of local commerce and he was still annoyed that he had allowed himself to get bogged down in the afternoon excursion.
Lin Ming transitioned from one subject to the other, but everything still came across as a well-rehearsed tour guide script. She recited a multitude of facts about the township, placing emphasis on its twelve-hundred-year-old history. Of the many towns that had been built on the old canal, Wuzhen was one of the few that had been classified as a protected asset of China. In spite of the influences of modern China, Wuzhen had supposedly retained its original culture.
Redding was no longer listening to the content, just to the sound of Lin Ming’s voice. Her clear, sweet tone was coupled with a slight accent, but only her usage of certain grammatical structures came across as foreign. With his head tilted onto the headrest, he closed his eyes and continued to listen only to the sound of her voice.

* * *

After having lunch at a restaurant on the edge of the township, Redding and Lin Ming walked into the heart of Wuzhen. On one side of the canal that ran through the center of the town was an elevated stone walkway with intermittently spaced canal ramps. As they walked along the canal, Redding saw everything, and at the same time he saw nothing, and somehow Lin Ming knew.
“You must let your thoughts come alive in the past, only then will you really see Wuzhen.”
For a thousand years, Wuzhen’s residents had utilized the canal as the primary means of transporting their wares. It had been a vital lifeline to the community, but that changed with the advent of modern transportation. Of the many communities that had relied on the canal, most had been replaced by modern cities and a few simply died away. The canal had been both Wuzhen’s downfall and its saving grace. Instead of being utilized for transporting goods, as in the past, the canal had become the domain of boats that lazily paced the waterway laden with tourists.
Although the quaint, picturesque quality of Wuzhen suggested a romantic notion of the past, the township had far more in common with the present. Redding didn’t have to look very far to find its underlying character. Running water was in place, although by means of outdated plumbing, and electric lines were inconspicuous, yet evident. Wuzhen may have been a simple canal town with an ancient history, but it had a well-preserved quality complete with tourists darting everywhere, photographing everything.
At first, Redding was upset that Lin Ming had dragged him all the way to Wuzhen. He couldn’t understand why she had insisted that he see something so touristy, but after having walked the canal, he began to see things differently.
In spite of modernization and commercial influence, Wuzhen had somehow maintained the rawness of its years. It was easy enough to spot the renovations, but taken as a whole Wuzhen had an almost tangible connection with its past. The most compelling element of the township was its adherence to the peasant lifestyle. Almost invisible, the townsfolk moved among the tourists, living their lives just as they had for years. They would have likely gone unnoticed, had Lin Ming not persuaded Redding to look beyond the obvious. Still, nothing about the town felt as if it were hundreds of years old, especially its structures, such as the stone bridges and canal houses. In all likelihood, they were exact replicas of the originals.
“I thought Wuzhen would answer your questions about China, but now I’m not so sure. Maybe our culture isn’t the answer,” Lin Ming said.
He didn’t like the idea that he was so transparent, but there wasn’t anything he could have said that would have made any sense, other than the truth.
They had been walking side by side, and he thought he might take hold of her hand, but when he tried it was as though she knew what he was thinking. Before he could reach for her hand, she pulled away and clasped her hands together in front of her. The attraction between them was clear enough, but there was something that stymied him. It was almost as if Lin Ming was purposely holding him at bay, unwilling to take the next step.

* * *

They selected a bench on the edge of the canal, not so much to rest, but to watch as the canal boats drifted by. On the other side of the canal, houses sat perched on foundations of cut stone pilings. Each house was joined to the next by a common wall. The unpainted row of wooden structures was well weathered and the peaked roofs were covered in decaying scalloped tiles. On the back porch balconies of some houses, red lanterns swayed in the breeze.
“Redding, may I ask you a question?”
“Of course!”
“Your wife, what was she like?”
As tour guide Lin Ming wasn’t reserved, but in personal matters, she usually shied away. Redding knew it was something more than curiosity that caused her to ask the question. He didn’t usually talk about the private side of his life and had it been anyone else, the question would have gone unanswered.
“She was my best friend. That’s the way it should be with married people.”
“I thought so, like Ching and Mei.”
He turned and looked at her in such a way that she knew he didn’t understand.
“My brother and his wife,” Lin Ming said. “It’s the same for them. They are best friends and they are bound to each other in an inexplicable way that exceeds marriage.”
“Well, that’s the part about sharing everything in your life,” Redding said. “What makes you laugh and cry, that kind of stuff.”
A canal boat had settled against the ramp and its few passengers were in the process of disembarking. A man was holding his young son as he stepped from the boat to the algae-covered ramp. The moment his foot landed on the wet, slippery surface, it gave way. He shifted his weight back onto the canal boat and flailed his free arm back and forth as he tried to regain his balance. In the process, he nearly dropped his young son into the narrow gap between the ramp and the boat. A gasp of fear and panic was heard from the others waiting to disembark. Redding sprang to his feet, but he was nowhere near close enough to be of assistance. The child was extended from one arm and the father flailed his other arm as he desperately tried to find secure footing. It seemed like an eternity, but it was over in moments. The man found his footing and his young son was spared injury.
Redding took in a deep breath and let it out slowly, and then he sat back down next to Lin Ming. He watched the man as he moved away from the ramp with both arms wrapped around his young son. Lin Ming tried to pull his attention from the near-accident.
“When you were married, what made you laugh?”
“Lots of things.” Redding said. “I remember one night, we had just sat down to eat, and I took my fork and knife and started cutting into a pork chop. Well, it wasn’t exactly a tender piece of meat and just as I finished cutting it, somehow my hand slipped and the meat flew off my fork and hit Victoria right on the nose. She didn’t say a word. She just picked up her napkin, wiped off her nose and smiled. Then, she got a spoon full of mashed potatoes and flung them right back at me. After that, food was flying everywhere and it turned into one hell of a mess, but we were laughing so hard, we didn’t care.”
“I don’t have any of those wonderful moments. Actually, I’m not sure Yang and I ever laughed at anything.”
They gave their seats on the bench to some weary-looking tourists and continued along the stone paved walkway that bordered the canal. Using one of the stone arched bridges they crossed over the canal to the narrow street that fronted the row of houses.
Along the row of houses, the doorways of several homes were wide open. Some houses had standard size doorways and others opened across the entire width of the dwelling. It was unlikely that the square footage of any of the houses exceed three hundred feet. Each house consisted of a front room with a doorway into a rear room. The front room was something of a living room, kitchen, and utility room, all in one. It was also the craftsman’s work area, where goods were made and sold. Every family along the row specialized in some skilled trade, like cutting combs and brushes from oxen horns, or making cages and baskets from reeds. Another household may have woven yarn into fabric or even operated one of the canal boats, but every household had to interact with their neighbors in order to survive. Of the town’s inhabitants, many had resided in the same house for generations, passing down their skills to their offspring and thus continuing a way of life as it had been for hundreds of years.
The rear room was something of a bedroom. That room either had shutters that allowed light and fresh air into the house or a doorway that opened onto a small balcony that overhung the canal. Redding peered through each of the open doorways. It felt as if he was intruding into the residents’ private lives, still he couldn’t help but look.
The open doorway of another house provided a view of an ancient game of tiles. It wasn’t the game that held Redding’s attention. It was the four elderly people who sat around a table playing the game. They were well beyond their productive years and the canal township had probably been their whole lives.
Redding and Lin Ming stepped away from the doorway right into the path of a wooden pushcart. They stepped aside, allowing the pushcart to pass. An old woman with sparse strands of gray hair shoved the cart forward a few more feet. Her efforts to maneuver the pushcart through the street were continually repressed by the flow of tourists.
As Redding watched the old woman work the cart down the street, a single thought took hold. “Everybody here is old. There aren’t any children.”
Lin Ming nodded. “Please understand. The opportunities of the large cities have caused the younger people to move away. They wanted to improve their lives and they don’t want to live in the past anymore.”



Chapter Twelve


Directly opposite the row of houses were some commercial buildings, unremarkable in appearance but noteworthy for historical reasons. As if on cue, Lin Ming resumed her role as tour guide and began reciting a well-practiced monologue. It centered on the Cultural Revolution and the impact it had had on the region. She pointed to buildings had been both defaced and closed during that era of China’s history. The buildings had since been reopened, but not for their original purpose. They were now utilized as the township’s museums. She touted one museum in particular as though it was an indispensable window into China’s culture and past, but in reality, it was a museum dedicated entirely to antique beds. It seemed almost as though it was an afterthought meant to fill space in the township, not that it had any real connection to Wuzhen.
The interior of the museum was nothing more than an open-space warehouse with concrete floors, filled to capacity with antique Chinese beds. The beds were anywhere from one hundred to several hundred years old and were made entirely of wood. They varied from the simplest fabrications to the highly complex designs of a master craftsman. Aside from the absence of a mattress and springs, the one other unusual feature was the foot high rail that bordered each bed with an opening on one side. The beds varied in size from large expensive ones to smaller ones for children, but most were something in between. In spite of a style that looked more like an outdated couch lacking upholstery than an antique bed, they were at one time a commonly sought after piece of furniture. Although the museum housed only antique beds, they were quite effective in provoking thoughts of ancient Chinese life.
Redding questioned the difficulty one would have had trying to sleep on the unforgiving wooden boards, but Lin Ming assured him that the beds provided an enduring rest. She had undoubtedly seen the museum a dozen times before, so she quietly followed Redding as he inspected each exhibit. He criticized a few for their unusual designs and others he praised for their meticulous woodwork, but overall he was taken by the extraordinary strength and beauty of the beds. When they reached the rear of the building, they stepped over an elevated threshold and into an atrium.
The atrium’s placement between the front and rear buildings had struck Redding as unusual at first, until he looked upward and noticed its open air design. Then, it all became clear. The atrium had been purposely placed there to provide an additional source of ventilation and lighting for both buildings.
Across the atrium, they stepped over another threshold and into the rear building, which was slightly smaller than the main building, but the beds it housed seemed to be even more elaborate.
The bed museum had garnered less than a dozen visitors, and all were still in the main building except for Redding and Lin Ming. The two of them had the museum’s rear building all to themselves.
“It’s just unbelievable that people could have actually slept on these beds without any padding.” Redding said. “Didn’t they ever hear of a mattress sale?”
Mostly he was just talking to himself and he wasn’t intending to be funny, but Lin Ming overheard the remark and she started laughing. She quickly raised both hands to her mouth to properly cover her laughter.
Redding reached up and took both of her hands in his and then extended both of his arms slightly outward and downward, drawing Lin Ming in closer. He studied the soft contours of her face and the dark shimmering of her eyes. He tilted his head slightly forward as he slowly circled his arms behind her, bringing her even closer until her soft lips met his. The kiss was tender and sweet, but it lasted no more than a few seconds. There was a shuffling noise coming from the atrium.
“Excuse me!” A masculine voice echoed from inside the atrium.
Lin Ming immediately pulled away and turned as though she was admiring the design of a bed. They looked at each other and, in the brief moment that their eyes met, Redding knew something was wrong. He considered the possibility that he had overstepped his boundaries, but that didn’t make any sense.
As three middle-aged women entered the building chatting in Mandarin, Lin Ming made a move towards the atrium, but Redding was standing in her way.
“Please, I need some fresh air. I can’t breathe in here,” Lin Ming said, as if she were trying to constrain a sense of panic.
He stepped aside and without any further explanation, she bolted toward the museum exit. He followed, but at a decidedly slower pace. He wound his way through the aisles and passed the beds, but still he had no idea why Lin Ming was so upset.

* * *

When Redding found her, she was standing near the canal looking off into the distance. He quietly stood nearby and waited as several minutes passed. He had intended to allow Lin Ming the time she needed, but he couldn’t remain silent any longer.
“Is there something I should know?” he asked. “Like what the hell happened back there?”
Lin Ming looked in both directions along the canal road to make sure no one was close enough that they would be overheard.
“I have never done that before.”
“You’ve never done what before? You mean kiss?” Redding had no sooner asked the question when the realization struck him that it had been her first kiss ever.
He was no stranger to bizarre relationships, but even this exceeded his imagination. He couldn’t fathom the idea that two people could commit themselves to each other in marriage and never have shared a kiss.
“I felt something,” she said, still watching the canal road, making sure that no one came close enough to hear. “It ran through my body and I couldn’t breathe.”
Redding knew exactly what she was talking about. It was the physiology behind the kiss and Lin Ming was ill prepared for its effects.
“Was it sort of a warm, kind of tingling sensation?”
“Maybe, I don’t know,” she said. “Please, I don’t want to talk about it.”
She continued to stare off into the distance. It wasn’t planned or expected, but it was her first kiss and she needed some time to sort through her feelings.

* * *

The late afternoon shadows had engulfed the street, which made the ancient town seem as if it were hundreds of miles away from civilization. They walked nearly the length of the canal without saying so much as a word to each other.
“Was I wrong to kiss you?”
Lin Ming shook her head.
“Then why did you run away?”
“Please understand. Chinese people do not display their affections in public. It is frowned upon,” she said quietly so that only he would be able to hear.
Her answer was a lame attempt to placate him, and at any other time her comment wouldn’t have been enough. He still had questions, but pressing her for answers was clearly not going to work. She managed a shy smile in an effort to calm him, but that only made him laugh.
At one place along the street there was a passageway between a row of houses that led to a canal ramp. As they passed, Redding inadvertently glanced down the passageway. In that brief moment, he caught a glimpse of someone on the other side of the canal. He shot a second look across to the walkway, but already the individual had disappeared in the crowd. It didn’t matter. Redding saw him well enough that there would be no mistake. It was Joran Hausen. Of course he wouldn’t say anything to Lin Ming, but it was very likely that Joran had been following them the whole day. As repugnant as that idea was, there was nothing that he could do about it, at least for the moment.
There was no possible way that Joran could have thought that Wuzhen was a key component in the search for the painting. That left several other possibilities, but only one made sense. He must have already searched every conceivable location in the old city without any success. So he adopted a new tactic. He was tailing them in hopes that they might lead him to the painting.
Redding’s first impulse was to confront Joran, but other than a verbal standoff he wasn’t sure what it would accomplish. Instead, he decided his most prudent course would be to exercise every possible caution in his search for the painting.
“It is time to leave.” Lin Ming said, as she directed Redding towards their waiting car.

* * *

By the time they returned to Suzhou, the afternoon had faded into evening. He insisted that she have dinner with him, knowing full well that their time together was coming to an end. On his first night venturing out in Suzhou he had come across an Italian restaurant that seemed rather interesting.
The restaurant had a cozy ambiance, with white tablecloths and high-backed chairs. The lights were slightly dimmed and a small candle lantern illuminated each table. The wine was acceptable, the Pasta Parmesan was mediocre, but the meal itself wasn’t really relevant. His intentions had been to recreate that one brief moment that had culminated in the kiss. He couldn’t seem to focus on anything or anyone other than Lin Ming. Over the course of only three days, she had somehow managed to capture his soul.
He wanted to extract every minute out of the evening, but an uncertainty hung in the air. Her time as his tour guide had effectively ended. It seemed unlikely that they would be spending any more time together. If that situation were to change, the onus would be on him.



Chapter Thirteen


They had waited outside of the restaurant for several minutes expecting a taxi, but there were none. The hotel was close enough that he could have walked, but that wasn’t a practical option for Lin Ming. Her family lived some distance from the downtown area and within the last hour dense clouds had obscured the sky, making the night seem unusually dark.
“It’s not necessary for you to wait,” Lin Ming said.
In spite of her assurances that she would be safe, Redding wasn’t having any of it. He insisted that they walk to his hotel where they would certainly find a taxi, but when they arrived the hotel’s apron was empty. When a taxi finally turned into the roundabout, they were locked in an uncomfortable moment of silence. It was as if they both had wanted to say something, but neither could put their thoughts into words.
Redding hated those awkward moments. They seemed to ferment frustration with each obsessive stare. He wanted to ask Lin Ming to stay the night, but for some reason he was struggling to find the right words. His inner voice posed the question several different ways, but each sounded cheap and selfish. He had been with plenty of women before he was married, and a few since his divorce. He had never been shy about posing the question, but it hardly ever had to be asked. Looks were usually exchanged across the table and the evening’s conclusion was understood. Rarely was there any need to clarify either’s intention of sharing themselves with the other.
His nervousness was completely out of character. He wasn’t sure exactly how he should introduce the subject or even ask the question. He just stood there, intermittently staring at Lin Ming.
“Redding, are you all right?”
“Listen, there’s something I want to ask you?” He hesitated. “I want you stay with me tonight?”
“Stay with you? You mean I should sleep with you?”
“Well, yes, that’s part of it, but it’s not just about sleeping together. I want us to be closer. I think about you all the time.” His words sounded empty and he knew it.
Lin Ming turned away as though she was offended, staring off into the emptiness of the night. He wasn’t surprised by her reaction, or even the lack of a response. Still, he wanted to know what thoughts were running through her head. He wondered about the kiss in the bed museum; would it work for him or against him? Most likely, she was trying to formulate a proper, but inoffensive response. She turned back and looked into his eyes before nodding her head in acceptance.

* * *

Not much was said from the time they entered the hotel until they arrived at Redding’s room on the eleventh floor. With the door closed behind them, he pulled Lin Ming close and as he kissed her he felt the shudder that wound its way through her body. He released his embrace, took hold of her hand, and led her into the room. Then, he dimmed the lights and attempted to close the drapes by administering a solid yank, but they didn’t move so much as an inch. After he pulled back and forth, the drapes finally released and eased along the track, blocking out all exterior lighting.
Although his eyes hadn’t yet adjusted to the dim lighting, he still caught a fleeting view of Lin Ming, completely naked, as she slipped under the covers. He quickly undressed and laid his clothes on an upholstered chair.
Redding knew from the moment he slid into bed next to her that somehow this night would be different. They faced each other and as he moved toward her, she recoiled. Instantly, he sensed the obvious, but unstated notion of reluctance. He slid his arm under the pillow to support his head and then just lay there gazing at her. He said nothing and made no moves toward her. He just bided his time until she was ready to move closer to him. As she approached, he extended his arm across her waist, letting his hand settle against the middle of her back. Gently but firmly, he nudged her closer until he could feel her breath on his face. He leaned forward, kissed her and caressed her body until her shyness fell away. With each embrace, they molded themselves into the void of each other’s shape, eager to answer the heightening fervor. The culmination was a kind of love that was tender, yet intensely passionate. They shared themselves with each other completely, without reservations or boundaries.

* * *

As steam filled the bathroom, they caressed each other in the shower with handfuls of soap, intermittently allowing the warm water to cascade down on them. They had become mindless of the time until the water turned icy cold, which forced them to make a hurried exit.
After returning to the bed, Lin Ming nuzzled in close to Redding and soon fell asleep. As she slept, he lay awake and tried to reconcile his thoughts. They had experienced a closeness that seemed to reach beyond the boundaries of any of his previous relationships. He had been in love before, but somehow this was different. This wasn’t just about feelings or compatibility. It was something more. As if two parts were meant to interact, but individually they were useless. With Lin Ming curled up against him, he knew that their physical interaction had little to do with empty desires.
In the morning, Redding suggested room service for breakfast, but Lin Ming censured the idea with a mere shake of her head. He wasn’t necessarily hungry. He just wanted to spend more time with her. He suggested the buffet on the mezzanine, but that idea was also dismissed. By the time they were dressed it was clear that she had something else in mind.

* * *

The taxi had no sooner merged onto San Xiang Road than it turned away from the boulevard and began coursing through a number of smaller commercial streets. As they continued deeper into another part of Suzhou, Redding wondered about Lin Ming. Specifically, why had she decided to spend the night with him? She hadn’t said anything, one way or the other, but there were several possibilities. He had only started to turn them over in his head when the taxi came to an abrupt stop, directly across from a bakery.
The bakery’s outward appearance was blatantly commercial, but the smell of the fresh baked buns piqued Redding’s interest. The self-serve format of the bakery required patrons to retrieve a plastic tray and tongs and then move along the display case, placing their selected goods on their trays. All of the baked goods looked vaguely familiar but somehow different. It was unlikely that he would ever know what each individual item was unless he asked, only because they had all been tagged with Chinese characters. As he started for a tray, Lin Ming waved him away. She led him past the retail section and into the rear of the store.
The rear portion of the bakery had a traditional appeal that was in stark contrast to its modern retail side. The ornately decorated section held six tables with accompanying barrel-shaped stools. Both the tables and stools were made from a hardwood and finished with a dark reddish stain that accentuated the grain. The pedestal and fascia of the tables had been carved into an ornate design, as were the stools, but in a slightly different pattern. Above each table hung a paper lantern adorned with Chinese characters and red tassels.
A young woman unceremoniously set a teapot, cups, chopsticks, and paper placemats on the table. Then, she pulled an order pad from her pocket and in an unusually shrill voice, she spoke to Lin Ming. Without even glancing at a menu Lin Ming responded with the items she wanted to order. While still scribbling on her order pad, the woman turned and retreated through the swing doors at the rear of the bakery.
Somewhere near the front of the bakery, loud voices seemed to be embroiled in a slight disturbance. The jarring voices quieted down and Lin Ming excused the matter as insignificant. Apparently, some customers were carelessly dripping water onto the display cases as they folded up their wet umbrellas.
“We’re stuck with a rainy day?” Redding asked. The weather hadn’t even crossed his mind when they left the hotel and neither he nor Lin Ming was prepared for rain.
“Maybe not. Sometimes it drizzles in the morning, maybe a little rain, but then it clears in the afternoon.” Just as Lin Ming finished speaking, the young woman began delivering their breakfast to the table.
It wasn’t exactly a traditional Chinese breakfast, but the meal did consist of Chinese dishes. They shared an egg cake with scallions garnished with a slight amount of chili paste, and they each had a small bowl of hot soymilk that had been sweetened. Lin Ming also ordered one bun filled with barbecue pork for Redding and one with curry chicken for herself.

* * *

After the plates had been cleared away, Redding and Lin Ming remained. As they sipped tea, Redding tried to open a discussion about the two of them. He wanted to know if the previous night had been an aberration or would they continue to see each other. She twisted in her seat uneasily before abruptly changing the subject.
“Maybe you should stay in China? You were so good with the children.”
Her approach was clearly meant as encouragement, but teaching was the farthest thing from his mind. If anything, he was preoccupied with other thoughts, but not just of the previous night. The one overwhelming distraction was his neglect in searching for the painting. So much time had already been lost, time that should have been spent scouring the old city. He flipped over his paper placemat and fished a mechanical pencil out of his coat pocket. Then, he began sketching the outline of a man seated in a chair.
“I don’t know about being a teacher. There are so many factors I would have to consider,” Redding said as he mindlessly went along with the conversation, almost as though he were thinking out loud rather than actually responding to Lin Ming.
“If I sold my half of the company I would have to consider the long-term effect on my retirement, and of course, taxes. And, I’d also have to consult a financial planner,” he said, as he continued to sketch by imposing a cello across the man seated in the chair.
“The children really enjoyed having you there. I think you are good for them,” Lin Ming said over her teacup as she sipped the last of her tea.
Redding had been paying more attention to his sketching than the conversation. He set the pencil down as he thought about his interaction with the kindergarteners and the first graders.
Lin Ming slid the placemat to her side of the table and with Redding’s pencil, she began adding to the sketch. She drew in a standing table just to the side of the man holding the cello. The standing table was nearing completion when Redding first noticed her additions. After correcting the table’s perspective, she began sketching a vase that sat on top of the table.
Redding watched in utter disbelief as the drawing took shape. There just wasn’t any way that Lin Ming’s additions to the sketch could have been coincidental. The odds of that happening were astronomical at best, which meant that she possessed actual knowledge of the cello painting.
“You know that painting?” Redding asked, almost stammering as he tried to contain the acceleration of his breathing.
“Yes, I’ve seen it a couple of times.” Lin Ming set the pencil down, seemly perplexed by Redding’s anxious demeanor.
“When did you see it? I mean, where did you see it?” Redding asked. The words flew out of his mouth so fast they almost sounded garbled.
“This whole time you’ve been looking for a painting? That painting?”
His reasons for not originally disclosing the truth were completely valid. Still, he found himself immersed in a wave of embarrassment. He had misled Lin Ming from day one, and she knew it.
“That’s the reason I came to China. I was hoping to find that painting,” Redding confessed.
“You could have told me,” Lin Ming said.
His concerns had suddenly shifted. A painting of that quality would have stood out like a sore thumb in a country filled with Asian art. Maybe the painting wasn’t actually missing, at least in terms of Suzhou. Maybe it was well known among the city’s residents.
“Does all of Suzhou know about the painting?”
“Of course not! The painting isn’t displayed every day, just on special occasions,” Lin Ming said. “Remember the day we were in the old city and we saw the building that had been burned? That’s where Next Trend was located.”
“Next Trend?”
“That’s the name of the store.”
“And the painting survived the fire?”
“The painting wasn’t in the fire. The store had already moved.”
“Moved where?”
“Here, to the downtown section of Suzhou, but that was only temporary. Those buildings were torn down to make room for a new shopping center.”
“So, where’s Next Trend now?”
“Well, the store isn’t in Suzhou anymore. A few months ago, Jian moved to Puxi. That’s the west side of Shanghai.”
“Who’s Jian?”
“He’s the owner of Next Trend.”
“And you know where the store is?”
“No, not really, but I do have a business card for the store in Puxi.”
The time he had spent in the old city had been a complete waste. The clothing store and subsequently the painting had been changing locations every couple of months. He could have spent a lifetime searching the old city and never turned up a single clue as to the whereabouts of the painting. Lin Ming’s explanation not only gave him the upper hand, it also provided a valid explanation as to why Joran hadn’t been able to locate the painting either.



Chapter Fourteen


Redding tried to quash any outward display of emotion, but his eagerness was practically palpable. Lin Ming hadn’t said as much, but the pleading in her eyes stated her reservations. He knew she was apprehensive about retrieving the business card. Still, any loss of time could jeopardize his chances of securing the painting. Maybe he was wrong for pushing her, but he desperately wanted that business card. He couldn’t wait to pay the bill and leave, but she was nowhere near as anxious. She caught the waitress’s attention and then lifted the lid on the teapot to indicate that it needed to be refilled. As anxious as Redding was, he kept quiet until the teapot had been refilled and the tea had been poured.
“Where exactly is this business card?”
“It’s with all of my things at home,” Lin Ming said hesitantly.
“So, when we’re finished here, we can get the card?”
Instead of answering the question, Lin Ming just sipped her tea. She was less than keen about the idea of retrieving the card, but never said why.
With so little standing in the way of finding the painting, Redding couldn’t let up. He had meant to use some restraint, but the barrel stool suddenly seemed hard and uncomfortably, making it difficult for him to sit still. He shifted his weight from side to side while he argued in favor of retrieving the card. Lin Ming never actually agreed with him, but in the end she relented.

* * *

The rain showed no sign of easing, so Redding hailed a taxi. Lin Ming had said her family’s residence was only a short distance away, but other than those few words, she had become uncharacteristically quiet. He was well aware of her reluctance and was more than willing to wait outside in the rain while she retrieved the card. The inconvenience of wet clothing was hardly a concern. It really didn’t matter where he waited, as long as he got his hands on the business card. The taxi had stopped across from a multi-use building. Lin Ming immediately got out and started across the street. It was only when he jumped out and slammed the other door that she looked back and saw him. Only then did he realize that she intended for him to wait in the taxi, but it was too late. The taxi had already pulled away.
The ground floor of the building consisted of storefronts and situated between two of the storefronts was a foyer. The foyer housed a stairway and an elevator, along with a couple dozen mailboxes that had been built into the wall. Redding offered to wait there, but Lin Ming absolutely refused.
“You should come with me, otherwise the neighbors will see you and start asking questions.”
Redding knew he had really screwed up, but he had no choice other than to follow her up the stairs. At the third-floor landing, they turned into the dimly lit hallway and were immediately assaulted with the pronounced smell of burnt soy sauce. They stepped around a wayward tricycle and made their way to a door at the end of the hall.

* * *

The apartment wasn’t large by Redding’s standards, nor was it small. A Chinese woman, slight in stature but authoritative in presence, greeted them from the kitchen as they entered the apartment. In the middle of the living room, an elderly man sat on an ornate wooden chair that had been faced toward a television.
Lin Ming introduced the willowy woman as Mei, her sister-in-law. Mei’s eyes locked onto Redding and she spoke in Chinese while bowing her head. Even though Redding didn’t understand a single word, he knew what she was saying. He politely returned the gesture.
Then, Lin Ming turned in the direction of the elderly man and introduced him as her father. Redding smiled and nodded, but other than an unceasing stare, the old man did not acknowledge him in any way.
Redding waited while Lin Ming hurried down the hallway that divided the kitchen and the living room. She disappeared into a room off of the hallway, leaving Redding to steal glances around the apartment. The furnishings and décor were of Western design, except for a few Asian accent pieces and the one ornately styled chair that was occupied by her father.
Mei had been sifting through a pan of rice, removing the inferior grains. She stopped just long enough to motion to Redding, indicating that he should sit at the dining table. Although he had been perfectly content standing, he pulled one of the chairs back from the table. Not wanting to offend Mei, he sat down.
Lin Ming returned holding a large jar filled with business cards. She emptied the contents of the jar, spilling the business cards onto the table. Then, she settled into a chair and began spreading the cards out across the table.
Redding tried organizing the cards in small piles, but Lin Ming just fanned them out again. He had wanted to help, but his efforts soon proved useless. The business cards were all printed in Chinese, and to further complicate matters, many of the cards were printed on both sides.
The cards were spread three and four deep across the table, and if that weren’t confusing enough, Mei set a teapot and cups down right in the middle of the mess. Her animated expressions and kind hospitality were a partial relief from the unending glare that emanated from Lin Ming’s father.
The old man said something in Chinese, but to Redding’s ears, it sounded like the growl of an old dog. Lin Ming ignored whatever was said and Mei returned to sifting through the rice. There was little Redding could do to assist Lin Ming other than retrieve the few cards that had fallen from the table. All other attempts to help were futile, so he patiently waited.
The old man burped loudly, but neither Lin Ming nor Mei seemed to notice. On the heels of his eruption, he began to speak again. This time he spoke in a decidedly more pronounced tone. Whatever he said seemed to have a chilling effect on Lin Ming. She was frozen in place, holding business cards in each hand. All color in her face seemed to drain away and, with a pale, cold expression, she slowly turned to face her father. She answered him in a quiet, unwavering voice. As she turned her attention back to the task of the business cards, she tried to assure Redding that everything was all right with an artificial smile. The smile only confirmed his suspicion that something was awry.
Less than a minute had passed before the old man restarted his verbal assault. This time his voice sounded angry, loud, and deliberate. Mei held a wooden spoon that she wagged at the old man, but it had no effect. She marched into the living room to calm him, but he wouldn’t have any of it. Lin Ming’s hands trembled and business cards fell about the table. She raised her hands to her face and wiped away tears as they formed and still the old man continued with his assault. As the situation unfolded, Redding became increasingly uneasy. He certainly didn’t perceive Lin Ming’s father as a threat, but the verbal thrashing had a very real effect on Lin Ming.
“Is there something I should know?” Redding asked.
She didn’t look at him or answer his question. She just glared at the hundreds of business cards strewn about the table. Unsure of what to do, he stood up and slid the chair back to the table. He desperately wanted that business card, but under the circumstances he thought it best to leave.
“There it is!” Lin Ming said, as she reached across the table.
She grabbed the business card from the pile, leaving the remainder on the table. As she stood up and bolted toward the door, she inadvertently knocked her chair over backwards. She ignored the turned-over chair and hustled Redding outside in an effort to escape her father’s angry discourse.

* * *

“What happened in there?” Redding asked as they descended the stairs.
“My father is old, and sometimes he can be difficult. It’s nothing to be concerned about.”
Everything that Lin Ming had said was undoubtedly true, but Redding was sure it was nowhere close to the whole truth. There was much more going on inside that apartment, but he wasn’t about to press for answers.
“Are we going to see the painting?” He asked the question, but he already knew the answer.
Ling Ming started to say something about being needed at the tour company, but her voice trailed off. She seemed to be collecting her thoughts before she answered.
“Not today. We’ll meet tomorrow morning in the hotel lobby.”
She slipped the business card into his shirt pocket. Then, she turned and headed back up the stairs without so much as even saying goodbye. She wanted him not only out of the apartment, but also away from her family.
He didn’t mind the drizzling rain or the lack of taxis even though he would soon be soaked through and through. He understood why Lin Ming had been so reluctant and he felt bad for the trouble he’d caused her. He withdrew the business card from his pocket. The first thing that caught his eye wasn’t the name of the store embossed in English, nor the Chinese scripted address. His eyes had been drawn to the background of the card. The background was composed of a washed-out color image depicting the painting, “A Man with a Cello.”



Chapter Fifteen


Redding pulled open the drapes allowing the morning sunlight to flood his hotel room. He had showered and shaved well ahead of his wake up call. His expectation of recovering the cello painting had spurred his early rise. In spite of his elevated sense of anticipation, he had managed a solid night of sleep. He had fallen asleep thinking about the painting, but woke up thinking about Lin Ming and the unusual interaction that had taken place with her family. Nothing about it seemed normal and yet Lin Ming had passed it off as insignificant. Maybe, he shouldn’t have cared, but for some reason he did. Still, he wasn’t about to let that issue or any other get in the way of recovering the painting.

* * *

Redding found a place to sit away from the reception desk and had only just opened his newspaper when Lin Ming arrived. As she crossed the lobby in his direction, she swept her hair away from her face with the same shy confidence as the first day they met. Although she was dressed in the uniform of a tour guide, he was absolutely transfixed by her natural beauty. She was the woman he had spent a night with, and yet her demeanor was entirely professional, just as he would have expected.
While they waited at the hotel apron for a taxi, she provided the details of their travel itinerary. Their immediate destination would be Suzhou’s train station and from there on to Shanghai. They were on schedule and everything seemed just as it should be, with one exception. She never said so much as a word about the bizarre incident with her family.

* * *

In a mere five minutes, they were delivered to the Suzhou Railway Station. The outdated structures had an obsolete quality that was reminiscent of the American railway stations of the past century. The station consisted of a couple of old, weathered wooden buildings that had been set back from the street. Between the street and the main terminal building was a paved-over plaza that was well distressed by years of weather and use. On the far side of the plaza, trucks waited in turn for the loading dock. For the most part, the plaza was empty, except for a few groups that were waiting just outside the annex building. Some stood alongside their luggage, while others carried clothing that had been tied into bundles.
The annex was adjacent to the main terminal building, but it was positioned in such a way that it opened onto the plaza. It served as a queuing station for the multiple ticket windows situated along the back of the building. As Redding handed money to Lin Ming for the tickets, he leaned forward with the intention of kissing her. Sensing his immediate objective, she spun around three hundred and sixty degree and lengthened the distance between them.
“You cannot!” Her words sounded harsh, only to be softened by her explanation. “A public display of affection is frowned upon in China.”
He admitted fault for his lapse in memory. Still, he didn’t think his intentions justified the hardened reaction.
The annex was already filled to capacity with anxious passengers, each intent on purchasing tickets. So he waited with the overflow in the plaza while Lin Ming stood in line. She had spent ten minutes waiting in the queue before finally securing two seats on the next train to Shanghai. She handed him the tickets, asked him to wait, and then disappeared into the crowd.
She returned a few minutes later with two Styrofoam cups filled with a steaming-hot yellow liquid. Each cup held two bamboo skewers half immersed in the yellow liquid.
“Be careful. It’s very hot,” she said, as she handed him one of the cups.
He held the cup with one hand and lifted one of the skewers with the other. On the end of the skewer were three small meatballs.
“I’m not complaining, but what is this?” Redding asked, somewhat perplexed by the contents of the cup.
“Breakfast,” Lin Ming said, as if she were stating the obvious.
They stood outside the main terminal building apart from the crowd and slowly sipped the hot soup. The yellow broth possessed a light, meaty flavor that was enhanced by the mild, salty taste of the meatballs. After satisfying their morning’s appetite, they continued to linger in the plaza, just killing time.
Other than the daily routines of the plaza, there was little if anything that provided any distraction. The least of which was the flurry of passengers queuing up for ticket purchases. On the other side of the plaza, a delivery truck jostled for position ahead of an oversized pushcart. Lining the street side were a number of taxis and pedicycles awaiting their next fare. Under the bright sun the day was quickly warming, but Lin Ming insisted that they wait outside. She didn’t say why and he meant to ask, except that she suddenly remembered something important.
“You should not criticize Jian’s store, or even his sense of style. If you do, then he won’t let you see his painting.”
The store itself meant nothing to Redding, nor did he care about its style. He only cared about the painting. Although he wondered how that store could have possibly survived two relocations in the course of a single year. He tried to imagine the impact of a forced relocation on the parts manufacturing business and that reminded him of Yves’ proposed buyout. He was still ruminating over Yves’ underhanded tactics when Lin Ming said it was time to board.

* * *

Inside the terminal building, four rows of wooden benches faced each other. The benches were crowded beyond capacity with forlorn passengers fanning their sweat-lined faces. The building hummed with the reverberation of sound echoing off the walls. The constant level of noise was cut only by the sharp, intermittent cries of an infant. The uncomfortably humid building had a stale, musty smell that mixed with the pungent aroma of body odor. His lungs seized in mid-breath after having pulled the rank smell through his nostrils. Suddenly, he understood why Lin Ming had insisted that they wait outside until it was time to board. She led him through the terminal and directly to the gate.
The passengers who were boarding the train were huddled together in a dense mass. As the gate opened, the crowd surged forward and then sideways. That quickly, he had become separated from Lin Ming. He tried to ply himself between the other passengers, but they seemed unwilling to let him through. He scanned the crowd, but couldn’t find her in the wave of boarding passengers. Slowly, the crowd started to thin and he caught sight of Lin Ming. She waved him in her direction and then she climbed aboard the train. When he finally caught up with her, she was holding two of the last available seats in the overcrowded passenger car.
Although still quite functional, the passenger cars, like the terminal, were somewhat outdated. The ventilation system was woefully inadequate and, although aided by a number of open windows, the air inside remained stale.
On schedule, the train slowly pulled away from the terminal and began to accelerate. Some passengers were engaged in conversations while others were blindly staring off into space. A few were reading, some were even sleeping, and the unfortunate few that had to stand were swaying to the motion of the train.
“Is everything all right with your family?” Redding asked, but not for the sake of being polite. What he really wanted to know was whether he had been the catalyst that had caused her father to become so upset.
“Shanghai is eight-six kilometers from Suzhou, so we’ll be there in about one hour,” Lin Ming replied. She had understood his question well enough, but instead she offered only an unrelated response.
It couldn’t have been any more obvious that she was trying to change the subject. Whatever transpired the day before she may not have been willing to discuss, but Redding felt fairly confident the matter would surface soon enough.
The train established a moderate speed, causing the wheels to howl as they rolled along the steel tracks. Overhead, the ventilation system whirred as the aging passenger car creaked incessantly. The combination of individual noises created a din that made conversation almost laborious.
“Is the tour company busy?” he asked.
He was referring to the remarks she made the day before in the foyer. She had stated that she was unable to spend the rest of the day with him. Supposedly, she had to work in the tour company office. That was the reason she had given, but he figured the real reason was probably related to her father’s outburst. However, she had offered to accompany him to Shanghai, so he couldn’t exactly press the issue.
“Busy? I suppose,” Lin Ming said. She turned her gaze to the window and stared at the distant landscape.
His intentions had been to open a conversation and then revisit the issues surrounding yesterday’s incident, but Lin Ming had made it clear that she didn’t want to talk. She had been somewhat aloof all morning, seeming lost in her own world. At first Redding hadn’t even noticed. He had been so distracted by thoughts of recovering the painting. Her amiable personality may have been absent, but he wasn’t overly concerned. His focus was also elsewhere.
His mind had been racing from one thought to another and all of it related to the painting. He thought about contacting Le Musee Angladon and the likely involved process of collecting the finder’s fee. He thought about how the fee would fatten his bank account, but more importantly, that he would finally be on an even parity with Yves. That meant all decisions about a buyout would be made jointly, without the pressure of capital. Yves would need his approval, and he had no intention of rolling over and accepting a forced offer.
The train maintained a constant speed and the passengers had quietly succumbed to its monotonous sounds, except for Lin Ming. She seemed nervous and agitated, which caused Redding some concern. Her eyes were focused everywhere, and nowhere. It was as if she didn’t even know that he was sitting next to her.
“Are you all right?”
“I’m sorry. The train is a little tedious,” she offered up the feeble excuse as a means to quiet him, and they both knew it.
“Is something bothering you?”
A long moment passed and he had begun to wonder if she had any intention of answering his question.
“No! I’m just fine.” She glared at him for a moment before looking away again.
It felt as if he was sitting next to a stranger, and yet this particular stranger was someone that he had been intimate with just two nights before. They had shared their bodies in the consumption of passion and without reservation, and now it was as if she didn’t even know he existed.
“Lin Ming, is this about the night we spent together?”
She quickly looked around at the other passengers seated in their immediate vicinity to make sure he hadn’t been overheard.
“Everything is fine. We’ll be there soon, and you will see the painting,” she said. Her voice was laden with frustration and her answer was nothing more than an attempt to placate him.
Redding sat back. He realized that nothing would be gained by pressuring her, so he decided to leave the issue alone. Soon enough they would arrive in Shanghai and his attention would then be entirely focused on the painting. He unwittingly listened to the droning sounds of the train and as he stared off into space, time passed.

* * *

As they neared Shanghai, Lin Ming nudged him. She began pointing out certain landmarks.
“Shanghai has changed so much,” she said. “Every time I come here, it seems so different.”
The amiable side of her personality, with just a twinge of shyness, had returned. He was relieved that the Lin Ming he knew was back. He thought it would be best to abandon any further questions related to her family.
“So, tell me about Jian,” Redding said. “How well do you know him?”
“I don’t know him well at all.” Lin Ming paused. “I only know him because I used to shop in his store. I wouldn’t say he is a friend, but he is the kind of person that thinks everybody is his friend.”



Chapter Sixteen


Jian had always intended to complete his business degree, except that he had been sorely pressed for time. Every spare minute had been dedicated to his fledgling business, which caused his studies to falter. Having to make a choice, he accepted the inevitable and quit the university.
His first foray into the apparel business consisted of nothing more than a stall in an open-air market that sold relabeled clothing. The local residents that frequented the market were his primary source of revenue. Aside from the residents, the market was also a popular venue for tourists, and Jian had a particular liking for foreigners. They were easily sold on his apparel and rarely negotiated for a better price. Although the local residents may have provided a steady flow of income, it was through the tourists that he greatly improved his margins.
He occupied the same space in the open-air market for two years before he made his first move. He sold the business to another vendor and opened a retail store in the old city. He considered the possibility of designing his own clothing line and even manufacturing the garments. He possessed an affinity for rendering and designing, but manufacturing wasn’t only time consuming, it wasn’t cost effective. The optimum route to success hinged on his ability to act as both buyer and store manager. His buying decisions were usually based on secondhand fashion magazines that he perused to determine what fashions were currently in demand and then had a wholesaler provide the manufactured goods.
The store’s location in the old city may have been less than desirable, but Jian wasn’t dissuaded. He adopted a trendy motif in an effort to set his store apart from the competition. He had always envisioned himself at the forefront of fashion, but in reality, he was one full step behind. The racks and shelves were stocked with merchandise that was actually outdated. This was in essence a benefit for the store. The goods that he stocked were usually last season’s proven sellers and in spite of his lack of fashion insight, the store did well.
The store was provided with an artistic edge when Jian brought in his own personal artwork, including a painting given to him by his grandfather. The artwork was meant to provide the store with a voguish appearance, and in Jian’s mind, that was key in attracting an upscale clientele. Customers may have been drawn in by the trendy motif, but their purchases of the outdated apparel were based primarily on the offered discount.
The store had only been open a mere three months when the building’s owner notified Jian that he would have to increase the rent. He was the only tenant of the building who received a rent increase and he attributed that to his success.
The following month, he vacated the space in the old city and acquired a new location in the downtown shopping district. The new location had been made available, but for only six months, so the rent was relatively cheap. He didn’t mind that the space was temporary. With each successive move, his business was expanding. Five months later, he moved to his current location in a small shopping district on the west side of Shanghai.

* * *

Redding figured they had already wasted enough time meandering outside while Lin Ming surveyed the shopping district that included Jian’s store. The taxi had long since departed after lingering at the curb in search of another fare. With a little prodding on Redding’s part, they finally made their way into the Next Trend clothing store.
Elevated at the center of the store was a bizarre display of three manikins. All were dressed to express some fashionable new style, each with its arms splayed and holding “Next Trend” shopping bags. At the front was a cashier’s counter and towards the back of the store was a folding table. Behind the table and mounted on the back wall were three large mirrors, each framed in a different style but stained the same dark color. On both sides of the manikins were sets of racks that held pants and jackets. There were also racks mounted on the walls that held a variety of button-up and pullover shirts, and situated between the wall-mounted racks was a curious display of art.
It consisted of a Van Gogh poster, a Rembrandt print cut from a magazine and pasted into a frame, a few poorly painted copies of works by Renoir and Degas, and even a self-portrait of Jian. Most of the art collection had been centered between the wall racks and was clearly visible except for one painting that had been all but obscured from view by a rack of shirts. Only a small portion of the painting was visible; still, it was unmistakable. It was “A Man with a Cello.”
Jian had been fully engrossed in a phone conversation up until the moment he recognized Lin Ming. He abruptly discontinued his call by dropping the phone on the folding table and then he let out a ridiculous scream to accentuate his surprise.
“So happy to see you, Lin Ming.” Jian said. “And, you have a friend.”
He sauntered gracefully forward, stopping only to pull hanging garments outward from a rack to display their fabrics as if they were one of a kind. He may have been in his mid-twenties, but his appearance remained juvenile, if not slightly ridiculous. His gelled, spiked hair overstated his tall, slender frame and, with a camouflage-print shirt and a set of gold dog tags around his neck, he didn’t exactly fit the mold of a businessman. He exuded a persona awash in comical mannerisms while acting as if he were the epitome of fashion.
As soon as the introductions were complete, Jian spoke with Lin Ming in Chinese. Redding might have guessed the nature of their conversation if he hadn’t been distracted. His attention had been drawn to the partially but shrewdly covered painting.
“Lin Ming says that you’ve come to Shanghai to see my painting,” Jian said.
It took a moment before Redding realized that Jian was speaking to him. Before he could respond, Jian turned and darted between the clothing racks to a position just below the cello painting. Using a pole with an end hook, he removed the shirts that obscured the painting from view.
When the painting was fully revealed in all its color and intensity Redding was held spellbound and astonished. The painting was nothing less than incredible. It possessed all of the characteristics of an original realist masterpiece. Any expectation that a painting of that quality could have possibly been a copy seemed near impossible. Any copy artist would have been severely limited with only a black-and-white photograph as a guide. If it was a reproduction, it was equal to the masterpiece. Although he had only been exposed to the painting a mere two minutes, Redding was already convinced that it was no reproduction. The painting had to be genuine.
As remarkable as the painting was, the frame was another story. It had suffered numerous scratches, chips and dings, along with some recent touchups and its style was certainly not typical of the painting’s period. Without a doubt, it was a replacement for the original, which was likely damaged and discarded years ago.
Redding tried to study the painting’s every nuance in a desperate attempt to commit every line, color, and brush stroke to memory. There was an unusual characteristic shared by both the man and the cello. They both seemed to manifest the same pathetic, forlorn mood. The man’s clothing was clean but lifeless, the worn-out fabric draped over his frame. His hair was in complete disarray and his craggy face seemed almost expressionless. The only sign of emotion was the intensity with which his body enveloped the cello.
The cello was the real focal point of the painting. In some places across the surface of the shell, the highly polished finish had been worn away, exposing natural wood. Even though the cello was an inanimate object, it seemed somewhat distressed in its struggle to exude music.
Redding had become so absorbed in the painting that he didn’t even realize he was mumbling. In the few moments that he had managed to block out everything except for the painting, he must have said something.
“What do you mean ‘a painting in D-flat?’” Lin Ming asked.
Redding didn’t answer her. His intense interest in the painting seemed to have put Jian on edge. In Jian’s eyes, Redding saw something he hadn’t expected. It was absolute fear. He had inadvertently overstepped some unknown boundary. Most likely, his exacting study of the painting had likely been perceived as a threat.
Jian’s edginess seemed to quickly intensify, almost as if bordering on panic, and then his mood swung one–hundred-eighty degrees. He sent shirts on hangers flying onto the rack in a frantic effort to return the painting to its obscure existence. Redding knew instinctively that he had to back away.
“We should buy something. Anything!” Redding said to Lin Ming in a quiet, but terse voice. They started rummaging through the various racks of shirts. He needed to reach Jian on a non-threatening level. Only then would he be able to introduce a conversation aimed at the purchase of the painting.
“What does D-flat mean?” Lin Ming asked again as she held a shirt to Redding’s chest for color and size.
“In the painting, did you see the way he was holding the bow and the position of his fingers on the neck of the cello? He is forever playing a D-flat note, and the rest of the concerto is lost.”
“What do you mean it’s lost?”
“Well, the painting conveys the impression that he’s supposedly playing some concerto, but there’s no way to tell what it is because the painting only reveals that one note.”
They had made their selections and Jian proceeded to total the purchases: a plain, button- down shirt for Lin Ming and an imitation polo shirt for Redding that was probably too small.
“Is everything in the store for sale?” Redding asked as he pulled some Chinese currency from his pocket.
“No, not everything! Just clothes!” Jian said, bristling and twitching in an uneasy manner.
Redding knew that Jian was well aware the question was really about the cello painting. It was a safe guess that other customers had also taken a keen interest in the artwork, and that would explain his suspicious nature.
Jian was in the middle of folding and bagging their purchases when Lin Ming invited him to lunch. Whether her invitation was a fluke or a stroke of brilliance, Redding wasn’t sure. Either way, Jian was enthused.
“So you will join us?” Lin Ming said. “I’m sure you know the best places to eat.”
“I know a place where the noodles are so delicious,” Jian said as he tried to mimic delicious.

* * *

The Japanese-style noodle shop was only half a block down the street. After they settled in at the only available table, Jian started to rattle on about his expansion plans. He said something about a larger store and a possible location in a shopping mall.
He continued on about his prospective plan, which included new décor and additional artwork, but stated coldly that the cello painting would not be displayed. It had already attracted too much unwanted attention.
As Redding listened, one thought continually resonated in his head. He knew that any expansion of a business required capital, and Jian’s plans were no exception. Jian had already introduced the subject of the painting and Redding wasn’t about to let the opportunity pass.
“So, where did you find that painting?” Redding asked in the most mundane tone he could muster.
Jian stated simply that his grandfather had given him the painting and then he fell silent. He seemed somewhat undecided about whether he really wanted to relay any additional information. Then he stared intently at Redding and Lin Ming as if he were about to reveal some secret.
“My grandfather was a master craftsman. He could make just about anything out of wood. It didn’t matter whether the wood was mahogany, cedar, or birch,” Jian said while he wielded chopsticks in one hand and mimicked woodworking with the other. “Everything he made was exquisite.”

* * *

The heart of Jian’s story centered on World War II and the Japanese occupation of China. The Japanese had pressed his grandfather into service for only one reason: to build a traditional Japanese bathhouse. Under brutally harsh conditions, he labored for nearly three months. When the bathhouse was completed, the Japanese inspected every minute detail. They never actually acknowledged the quality of the work, but suddenly his skills were in demand. His workmanship on the bathhouse led to a series of additional projects, all centered on the fabrication of Japanese-style furniture. The most notable was a traditional-style table that he was required to build for one of the officers. When the table was finished, he and another worker carried the table to the officer’s house under the escort of armed guards. The house was conspicuously empty, without so much as a single piece of furniture. Aside from the table, the only other item in the living room was a painting that hung on the wall.
Jian was interrupted as the waitress set three bowls of spring onion soup with noodles on the table. With ladle spoon in one hand and chopsticks in the other, Jian started on the noodles while intermittently continuing with his grandfather’s story.
“That was the first time my grandfather saw the painting,” Jian said with a mouth full of noodles. “When the guards saw my grandfather looking at the painting, they beat him. They were always so mean and cruel to him.”
He emphasized the hardships that his grandfather had to endure over the years. Then one gray, cold morning, his grandfather awoke and everything had changed. The day was no different than any other, except the Japanese were gone. They had all left quietly during the night. Nearly starving, his grandfather searched the Japanese compound for food, but there was none to be found. In house after house, all he found was the furniture he had made, but other than the furniture, the houses were empty. He found nothing but emptiness and trash, until he searched that one officer’s house. There in the room with the traditional table, the painting still hung on the wall.
“All the years that my grandfather had to work for the Japanese, he received nothing except imprisonment, abuse, and inadequate portions of food. So, he took the painting as compensation.” Jian said while he picked at the last few remaining noodles in his bowl. “When I moved to Suzhou, my grandfather gave me the painting. He said he didn’t want to look at it anymore, because all he ever saw in it were bad memories.”

* * *

Several times during Jian’s discourse, Redding traded glances with Lin Ming. Divining fact from fiction was most likely a futile exercise. Maybe elements of the story had been overly embellished, but Redding wasn’t about to challenge Jian. The fact that the painting had passed from the Japanese to Jian’s grandfather was the only significant aspect of the story.
Redding had already discounted the idea of pulling Jian into a conversation about the inherent costs of his future expansion plans. An outright offer to buy the painting was clearly the best approach. His instincts told him that anything else would be a waste of time. Jian had already shown an emotional attachment to the painting and using indirect tactics might give him the impression that he was being deceived.
“I think the painting is absolutely amazing. Is there any chance that you would consider selling it?” Redding returned to casually sipping his soup. He was killing time. He wanted to hear the question.
“How much will you pay?” Jian asked.
That was the question. It indicated that the painting could be had if the money was right.
“Well, let’s see. How about twenty thousand dollars?” Redding said, carefully watching for Jian’s reaction. Not only did his eyes reflect utter surprise, so did Lin Ming’s.
“That’s about one hundred forty thousand yuan,” Lin Ming said, her tone somewhere between shocked and surprised.
Redding had purposely made a generous offer. An offer that he hoped would seal the deal and wouldn’t call into question the intrinsic value of the painting. With a little luck, he would just be perceived as an eccentric American.
Jian just sat there lost in his own mental calculations. The money offered had evidently clouded his thought process. His animated expressions changed from one extreme to the other. He seemed unsure of how he should respond.
Redding had wanted to seal the deal with a single offer, but clearly he had overbid. If he had offered a lesser amount, he might already have his answer and the painting.
“I don’t know,” Jian’s voice trembled. “My grandfather gave me the painting.”
“I have an idea,” Lin Ming said. “Maybe Jian should ask his grandfather.”
“Yes, I will ask, and tomorrow you will come shopping, again,” Jian said.
Redding was absolutely incensed, but he held his disappointment inside. Lin Ming may have torpedoed the deal without even realizing it.



Chapter Seventeen


The taxi seemed worn and threadbare, hardly roadworthy, but as it turned out, the driver was well seasoned. He knew exactly how to maneuver it through Shanghai’s traffic, and that lessened Redding’s concerns. It was right after they had said their goodbyes to Jian that Lin Ming became withdrawn for a second time that day. It was the same moodiness that Redding had noticed earlier, but he didn’t bother to question it. He was preoccupied with his own thoughts, all of which were related to the painting. They had both become so caught up in their own thoughts that neither was aware of their arrival when the taxi stopped at the Shanghai Railway Station. The driver yelled something in Chinese and both were instantly startled into awareness.
“You will have your painting soon,” Lin Ming said, as if they were in the middle of conversation. “Then it will be over.”
“What will be over?” Redding asked, but Lin Ming had already climbed out of the taxi and he was still busy paying the driver.
As they made their way into the station, Lin Ming told Redding to pay close attention. Her comment struck him as unusual. He couldn’t fathom why he needed to pay attention to the ticketing process, especially if she was with him.
Concerns about the ticketing process were soon abandoned and his thoughts reverted back to the issue of the painting. If the purchase were to take place, then he needed to wire in some funds. Upon returning to Suzhou, he would open a bank account, but it was important that he choose the right bank. He needed a bank that would be able to convert his wire to cash without any delay.
Some years back, he had set up a savings account that was accessible via the Internet. In the event of an emergency while traveling in Europe, he would have funds readily available. The last time he’d traveled anywhere was to Amsterdam, and the twenty-five thousand that he had placed in his savings account then was still there, collecting interest.
“Are you paying attention?” Lin Ming asked. “Tomorrow, I won’t be able to come with you, and you will have to purchase the tickets yourself.”
There was something absent and yet ominous in her statement, and Redding saw this as a clear indication that there was an issue looming between them.
At the ticketing windows there were dozens of people waiting to purchase tickets. Some lines were shorter than others, but Lin Ming had different criteria for determining which line they would wait in to purchase their tickets.
“Why won’t you be coming with me tomorrow?” he asked.
“I’ll explain everything later. Right now, you should listen carefully.”
Lin Ming explained the procedure for purchasing the return ticket. Then, she wrote out a schedule with the departure times and corresponding gate numbers. She stipulated which ticket windows he should use and which ones he should avoid. Before leaving the ticketing area, she delved into the potential problems often encountered by foreign tourists and how best to avoid those situations.
“The ticketing agent will probably be able to speak English, but if you have any problems, their supervisor should be close by and they will be able to help you.”
After they secured their tickets for the return trip, they headed toward the waiting area for the Suzhou train. On the way, Lin Ming pointed out certain Chinese characters that Redding need not commit to memory but should be familiar with. They included the gate number, train number, the two characters that represented Shanghai, and the ones that represented Suzhou. Just to be safe, Redding copied down the necessary characters.

* * *

Lin Ming had garnered a window seat and Redding the seat next to her. Her gaze was focused somewhere outside, well beyond the few remaining passengers who were scrambling to board. Once again, she was quiet and unwilling to talk. As the train pulled away from the station, Redding let his thoughts drift back to the lunch with Jian. In his head, he replayed the whole story of Jian’s grandfather, the Japanese, and the painting.
Ever since he had first identified the artwork, he tried to imagine what avenues the painting might have taken on its path to China. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he seemed to remember something about the Japanese aligning themselves with the Germans during the war. He couldn’t remember whether it was something he had heard or read, but somehow it seemed factual as opposed to wartime fiction. Setting uncertainty aside, the existence of an alliance did provide a plausible explanation for the painting’s whereabouts, which led to more questions. Why had the painting passed from the Germans to the Japanese? Was it exchanged as a gift for the purpose of promoting the alliance? If so, how did it wind up in the hands of the Japanese field officer? The avenues of possibility seemed endless. Still, the alliance between the Japanese and the Germans best explained the existence of the painting in China.
Redding’s gut reaction to the painting defined it as the genuine article, but he couldn’t take any chances. He was nowhere close to being an expert, yet he was no fool either. Before the transaction was to be concluded, he planned to make a thorough inspection of the painting, covering every square inch. With his extensive background in style, technique, and art history, he wouldn’t be easily fooled. Still, if any doubts were left after a full examination, he would simply call the deal off.
He had offered a substantial amount of money for the painting based only on gut instinct, but that wasn’t the part that bothered him about the proposed transaction. It was the underlying thought that he was taking advantage of Jian. In the realm of art, Jian was naïve. He had no idea that the painting in his possession was likely a highly valued work. He wouldn’t have even considered the offer if he knew the real value of the painting and it certainly wouldn’t have been on display. If Jian agreed to sell for a mere twenty thousand dollars, Redding would essentially be stealing the painting. However, if the offer was refused and Jian continued to display the painting, it would eventually be discovered and in all likelihood surrendered to its rightful owners.
Lin Ming had spent the first half of the return trip staring out the window, almost as though she were avoiding Redding. He was sitting right next to her and they hadn’t spoken since the train left the station. As if in a catatonic state, she only stared at the distant landscape. He had intended to leave her alone, but suddenly she was no longer staring out the window. She was looking directly at him.
“Redding, there is something I have to explain, but the train is too crowded.”
“Well, I’m ready to listen.”
“I know, but it will have to wait until we arrive in Suzhou,” she said. “I’m sorry that I haven’t been very good company.” Then, she turned her gaze back to the scenery outside.
Redding wasn’t sure what to make of the conversation, but whatever it was, his patience was running a little thin. Even though the train was packed and every seat was filled, they wouldn’t have been overheard. The train was decades old and the interior was permeated with a din that seemed to have a disengaging effect on its passengers. Those who weren’t reading, sleeping, or conversing were simply staring out the windows. Whatever was bothering Lin Ming could have easily been discussed without risk of being overheard.

* * *

The train pulled into Suzhou Station only ten minutes behind schedule. Even before the train had stopped, passengers began squeezing into the exits, all of them trying to edge ahead of the next individual. Redding and Lin Ming remained seated until the crowd had thinned before they disembarked. Then they made their way through the terminal building and out onto the plaza. It had been an exceedingly warm day and the plaza’s asphalt surface radiated with heat. Ignoring the discomfort, Lin Ming led Redding to the far edge of the plaza, away from all the other commuters.
“Before I start, do you have any questions about buying your ticket, or which train you should take?” she asked.
“I’m sure I can figure it out,” Redding replied.
She looked out on the street that passed in front of Suzhou Station. There, taxi and pedicab drivers were vying for fares as a seemingly unending stream of passengers emerged from the station.
“Redding, I don’t think you need a tour guide anymore.”
“That’s why you’re upset? This is about you being my guide?” Redding asked, in disbelief. “Sorry, but I don’t accept that.”
She turned away from him to wipe the tears from her eyes. He hated seeing her cry, especially since he knew he was the reason. Maybe he shouldn’t have been so blunt, but it was the real meaning of her words that caused him to be a little edgy.
“Redding, please understand. I can’t see you anymore!”
He understood all too well. He had heard that line a few times before, but then it usually pertained to some inconsequential romance. This time it was different and it wasn’t something that he could easily explain. Their attraction for each other was well beyond the original allure that brought them together. It had been supplanted with a commonality that encompassed a much deeper feeling. He not only understood her words, he wore them like millstones around his neck.
“Tell me why? Why can’t we see each other?”
He wanted so much to put his arms around her and hold her close, but as he approached, she backed away from his reach.
“Tomorrow, you will have your painting. That’s why you came to China.”
“I’m going to be here for another week.”
“Then what? You will go home to America, and I will still be here.”
Her words not only had a stinging effect, they left him without any notion of how to respond. The practical aspects of a long-distance relationship were nonexistent, and exploring other possibilities was essentially a waste of time.
“Redding, please don’t make this difficult. I know that you care for me, but I can’t.” She struggled to get the words out while tears streamed down her face.
“If I can find a way…” Even before he had finished speaking, she was already shaking her head as if she couldn’t bear to hear another word.
“We can’t see each other anymore! You must stay away,” she said, taking two steps backward. “I have to leave.” Then she turned and hurried toward the nearest taxi.
He wanted to chase after her, but he knew the effort would be pointless. He watched as her taxi disappeared into the traffic. Maybe her departure was inevitable, and maybe he was a fool for ignoring the eventual outcome. Without her, he would still be stumbling around the old city, canvassing every possible venue, no matter how remote. He wouldn’t have been any closer to the cello painting and that lousy art dealer would still be biting at his heals.
It hadn’t been his intention to waste time milling around the plaza, but he found himself caught in a mental rehash of what had just transpired with Lin Ming. As much as he tried to rationalize the end result, he couldn’t seem to alter his feelings for her. This wasn’t some woman from a past encounter. This was Lin Ming, and he doubted that her decision to leave him was entirely hers. Cultural issues or not, her family had to be the driving component behind this separation. They had known each other only a few days, and had spent only one night together, but already she had left an imprint on his soul.
As if her departure had not been distracting enough, his thoughts were bombarded by a noise that was stuck in his head. The noise wasn’t a song or a melody. It was only one continuous, monotonous note: D-flat. Its effect was similar to that of a mild headache, about as tolerable as it was irritating.
The asphalt plaza radiated enough heat that already Redding had begun to sweat. He wished for the relief of his air-conditioned hotel room, but he had another crucial matter to deal with if he intended to purchase the painting. It was vital that he make some financial arrangements. It hadn’t previously been a concern only because he had expected Lin Ming’s assistance, but that was no longer possible. From the backseat of a taxi, he scanned the commercial district for a bank. A block from his hotel, he signaled the taxi driver to stop.

* * *

There wasn’t anything that set the Yangtze Bank apart from any other. The standard marble floor, veneered teller windows, and a few decorative plants gave it the unmistakable appearance of a bank. The tellers were all smartly dressed and hovering nearby were the supervisors in white shirts and ties. Placards hung above each section of the bank, but this provided Redding with little information because all of the placards were printed in Chinese. As customers entered the bank, they would pull a numbered slip from a dispenser and then would seat themselves on one of the couches that were clustered together across from the teller windows. When a teller became available, a gong would softly sound and the next slip number would be displayed on an electronic board.
There was nothing difficult about understanding the flow of the bank, and after a few moments of observing the process, Redding pulled a number from the dispenser. Then he joined the other bank customers seated on the couches.
Several minutes passed before the gong sounded and his number was displayed. As he approached the teller window, the teller signaled for a supervisor.
“May I help you?” the supervisor asked.
“Yes, I would like to open an account.”
“You must walk to the last window,” he said, motioning with his hand in the direction Redding was to take. “There, someone will help you with new accounts.”
Redding headed to the last window, which appeared to be closed. Just as he walked up to the window a woman approached from the other side of the counter.
“You want to open an account?” she asked while shuffling some forms onto the counter.
After filling out the new account forms and endorsing two thousand dollars in traveler’s checks, he handed over his passport for identification purposes. Throughout the process Redding belabored the question of being able to withdraw a large sum of currency without any delay. Both the teller and a supervisor gave the needed assurances, as long as sufficient notice was provided. His plan was to transfer twenty-five thousand from his savings to his Yangtze Bank account using the computers in the hotel business center. That would provide him with the necessary funds to purchase the painting, leaving a small remainder for any unforeseen expenses. With his account number and the bank’s routing number in hand, he left the bank.



Chapter Eighteen


The morning arrived with the abruptness of a wakeup call. Redding had spent half the night trying to settle into sleep that was more evasive than not. When he finally did drift off, the cellos returned to wreak havoc in his dreams. He hadn’t been dwelling on Lin Ming’s departure, but he thought her decision might have contributed to his restless night. He wasn’t given to insomnia, but a lack of quality sleep always brought out the edgy side of his personality. The D-flat note in his head had finally subsided, but that incessantly eerie tone had seriously tried his limits. It produced one side effect that he detested. It always seemed to remind him of his partnership issues, and that was the last thing he wanted to think about.

* * *

Purchasing the train ticket was more of an annoyance than Redding had expected, but with some patience and persistence he got through it. He could have used a little something to eat while he waited for the train. A cup of that soup with the meatballs would have done nicely, but there weren’t any vendors to be found. He thought of Lin Ming and wished that she were there, not just to ease his travel arrangements but because he was already missing her.
All of the currency requirements needed to complete the purchase of the painting had already been handled. He had arrived at the Yangtze Bank even before it opened. Upon requesting the withdrawal, he was subjected to the same archaic process of verification as he had been the day before. Then one teller and two supervisors labored for twenty-five minutes just to count out the equivalent of twenty-five-thousand dollars in Chinese currency. To transport the money, he had brought along the document pouch that the old woman had coerced him into buying. As the Chinese yuan was handed over, he stuffed the money into the pouch. He closed and secured the flap with its two buckles and then slung the strap over his shoulder.
He had already mentally processed every possible scenario that Jian would likely present. Whether Jian accepted, vacillated, or outright declined the offer, he was prepared. He had a contingency plan. Instead of the twenty thousand he originally offered, there was twenty-five thousand in the document pouch. He figured the additional five thousand would be enough to sway any misgivings that Jian might have about selling the painting. As a cautionary measure, he wouldn’t say anything about the purchase until Jian introduced the subject. As ridiculous as the display of artwork in Jian’s store may have seemed, it was clearly an integral part of his life. Jian had already shown the unpredictable side of his personality and Redding wanted to avoid triggering any emotional attachment to the painting.
Under his breath, Redding cursed the train for its late departure. He had been staring out the window with only his thoughts and a view of a dreary landscape for company. Although he had mentally prepared himself for the monotony of the trip, his eagerness to arrive only lengthened the distance. He rechecked the money in the document bag, and that’s when it occurred to him that he hadn’t made any arrangements to transport the painting. The idea that he would carry the painting, fully exposed and unprotected, all the way back to Suzhou was absolutely absurd. He could place the painting in a Next Trend shopping bag and then pad both sides with additional bags. Still, the thought of carrying it in a shopping bag was a little unsettling. Any surge of passengers in the station or onboard the train could easily damage the masterpiece.
Forgetting a detail as important as transporting the painting certainly wasn’t like him, and he hadn’t given much thought to leaving China with the painting either. It wasn’t negligence on his part that caused him to forget, but the uncertainty of actually recovering the lost artwork. With the painting all but in his possession, he had to carefully consider the safest means to transport the fragile canvas and without attracting any unwanted attention. There was still one other issue he hadn’t really thought out, and that centered on Le Musee Angladon. Eventually, he would need to contact the museum. That would likely set off an intense series of questions. Questions about possession and authentication that would be best answered once the painting was out of China. Any contact with Le Musee Angladon would have to wait until he returned to the States.
In retrospect, the train ride seemed quite palatable in comparison with the taxi altercation. Redding had no sooner handed over the Next Trend business card than the driver held out his hand, gesturing to be paid in advance. Redding shook his head and pointed at the meter as if to insist on its use, but the driver yelled something in Chinese.
“Use the goddamn meter!” Redding demanded.
The driver may not have understood English, but he knew what Redding meant. Still, he kept gesturing to be paid in advance which, according to Lin Ming, was the same as being overcharged. He wasn’t backing down and neither was Redding. It was either pay the advance fee or find another taxi. Redding pointed at the Next Trend business card, still in the driver’s possession, and motioned for it to be returned. That’s when the driver realized that he was about to lose the fare. Instead of handing back the card, he turned on the meter and then surged into traffic. The altercation had sullied Redding’s mood, but his frame of mind dramatically improved when they turned onto the street where Next Trend was located.

* * *

Everything about the store seemed to be exactly as it was the day before. Still, the moment Redding entered, he sensed that something was wrong. Jian seemed out of place and not because he was dressed as a baseball fan in a jersey with a cap worn backwards. He stood listlessly in the middle of the store, mumbling to himself, seemingly oblivious to his surroundings. He didn’t even notice Redding. He just stared at the empty space on the wall where the cello painted had been the day before. It seemed premature to have already taken the painting down, but in order to perform a detailed inspection, Redding would need physical access. He glanced around the floor area and to the tables at the front and back of the store, but didn’t see the painting anywhere.
“Jian, where is it?”
It wasn’t until Jian whipped around to face him that Redding saw the contortion of anger in his face. His animated expression had been usurped by the tightening of his facial muscles. His eyes seemed to burn with intensity and his lips quivered as he strained to breathe through his nostrils.
“Why you steal my painting?” he screamed.
“Jian, no!” Redding couldn’t believe the words he had just heard. The painting had been stolen. It had been so close it was almost in his grasp, and now it was gone.
“Why? Why? You are Americans! Americans are rich! You have lots of money, so why you steal my painting?” His voice seethed with anger. He grabbed at shirts on hangers and a display of socks and threw them violently across the store.
“Jian, really, I would never…”
“You Americans are not welcome here,” Jian shrieked. He dropped his head and panted as though he were trying to catch his breath. “Get out! Go far away from here!” he yelled as he grabbed at whatever he could tear from the racks and threw them at Redding.
Redding retreated toward the door while the verbal assault, laced with an occasional insertion of Mandarin, continued unabated.
“I hate you Americans! Shame on you!”
Redding stood motionless at the door as if all life had been drained away and he had been turned to stone. His mind scrambled to make sense of the situation. He wanted to plead his case, but arguing with Jian wouldn’t have changed the facts. The painting was gone. He wasn’t sure what had transpired in the past twenty-four hours, but any kind of calm discussion wasn’t likely. Redding pushed at the door and left without looking back.

* * *

Redding’s mood had turned foul and sourness churned deep inside his gut. He was plagued by nausea even though his stomach was empty. It wasn’t just the loss of the painting that caused him to feel this way but the fact that Jian blamed him for the theft. He stood curbside for a full five minutes and not a single taxi passed by.
The whole nightmarish confrontation played over and over in his head, and the one specific thing that stood out was Jian’s reference to Americans. He spoke English well enough that an error in the pluralized form seemed unlikely. It also seemed unlikely that his reference to Americans would have included Lin Ming. She was every bit as Chinese as Jian. Redding considered the possibility that he was over-analyzing the pluralized reference, but still there was something about the comment that he couldn’t escape. Considering the level of Jian’s rage, the correct usage of grammar was probably the least of his concerns. The only other explanation for Jian’s reference would have to include some other American.
“That fucking art dealer!” Redding blurted out.
The reference that Jian had made about Americans must have alluded to Joran Hausen.
“That goddamn son-of-a-bitch!”
He had been stalking Redding’s every move for the past few days. He could have easily been on the same train when Lin Ming brought him to Jian’s store.
The only other possibility would have been still another American. Joran had learned about the painting’s existence in China, so it was completely plausible that there were others who also knew about the painting. It just seemed extremely coincidental that the painting was stolen the same day he had discovered it.
“There’s just no fucking way!” Redding cursed aloud, not caring if anyone heard him.
The more he thought about it, the more upset he became. It had to have been Joran. He had already supplied a few clues to his deceptive nature and he could have easily followed him and Lin Ming to Shanghai.

* * *

Purchasing the return ticket tested the last of Redding’s patience, causing him to nearly miss the train. The whole return trip to Suzhou was a blur, and he couldn’t seem to focus on anything. There was a metallic screeching sound, but it wasn’t coming from the train. It was the endless assault of a D-flat note somewhere inside his head.
Somehow that D-flat note just seemed to personify his whole life and his inability to salvage his livelihood. The one exception might have been Lin Ming, but she had purposely distanced herself from him. The company he had spent years building was being squeezed out from under him. The painting that would have salvaged his retirement had been stolen away to become the private possession of some art collector. The entire trip to China had been a complete waste of time and money.
As he felt the tightening of every muscle in his back, he was reminded of the cello in the painting. Somehow the tension that was borne by the neck and shell of the cello seemed eerily similar. Just like the cello, he was empty on the inside, with a lackluster veneer on the outside. He would have wished away any parallels between the cello and himself, but that dull and dismal note continually harmonized deep inside his head.
If only he had taken some precautions, but there was nothing he could have done. There wasn’t any way he could have anticipated the theft. The damage was complete.
Joran had probably followed them on the train. Once he had discovered the location of the painting all he had to do was wait. He would have carefully walked the neighborhood and most certainly watched as Jian closed the store. He undoubtedly knew what it would take to gain access to the locked building. He would have checked into a nearby hotel. Maybe he’d slept awhile and later had a nice dinner. Then, in the very late hours of the night, he’d ventured out to wrestle the painting from the Next Trend store. After the late-night larceny, he would have returned to the hotel essentially unnoticed by anyone except a drowsy doorman.
The acid in Redding’s stomach continued to churn, keeping him on the edge of nausea. The slight swaying motion of the train made him feel dizzy, and each sequential traverse between the two cities seemed to take even longer than the one before.
His thoughts returned to Joran and the painting. Joran’s cold, calculating demeanor would have precluded any arbitrary break-in. Prior to the break-in, he had to have known that the painting was the real article. On the pretense of shopping, he would have entered the store, but his real intent would have been a closer examination of the painting. He wasn’t foolish enough to break in and steal a creative interpretation of the original.
It didn’t matter that Redding knew the name of Joran’s hotel in Suzhou: there was nothing he could do. It was very likely that Joran had already checked out. He would return to New York and the painting would soon be lost for the next fifty years.



Chapter Nineteen


The Bamboo Grove hotel was no more than two kilometers from the Suzhou Railway Station. He had hired a taxi, but halfway to the hotel he asked the driver to stop. When the taxi pulled up to the curb, he threw some cash at the driver and bailed out without bothering to collect his change. His disposition had soured to the point that he just couldn’t suffer the confines of a hotel room. Without any set destination, he just wandered through the downtown section of Suzhou. He trudged along, block after block, mired deep in a malaise that had rendered him mentally opaque.
When the light signal changed, he stepped into the crosswalk, but his presence did little to deter the onslaught of vehicles turning through the intersection. The flow of traffic relentlessly weaved around him, blocking any possible retreat. In a back-and-forth routine, he continuously dodged the traffic as he worked his way across the boulevard. He was but three steps away from the opposite curb when there was an exceedingly near miss by a couple of motorcycles.
“Those fucking cellos!”
Suddenly struck with the realization of what he had said, he cursed himself. Still, there was no taking it back. It was one thing to visualize himself as a cello in the mirror, but it was something else altogether when the phantoms of his imagination began vocalizing out loud. Its cause was likely a byproduct of his anger and disappointment at losing the painting, but that still didn’t make it any easier to stomach.
Any sense of appetite had long since been lost, but he knew he had to eat something even if meant forcing some food into his stomach. It didn’t help that he had skipped breakfast to catch the train to Shanghai, or that he had made the return trip to Suzhou without ever stopping to eat. He lingered for a while outside of a fast-food outlet that specialized in chicken. It certainly wouldn’t have been his first choice, but other than Chinese cuisine, there weren’t many options.

* * *

The only unoccupied table in the chicken franchise was situated against the window fronting the street. As he sat down, he happened to glance outside for no particular reason, least of all expecting to see someone he knew. But there was Joran Hausen, window-shopping for luggage. Redding took a bite of the chicken, completely oblivious to its taste while he watched. As sure as he could be, he knew that Joran had stolen the painting and yet there was nothing he could do about it.
Something in the store must have caught Joran’s attention, because a moment later he disappeared inside. Redding set his chicken down and started in on the potatoes, but the food didn’t make him feel any better. He couldn’t fathom why Joran wasn’t already on his way to New York. He had the painting; of that much Redding was sure. He pushed his tray aside and sipped his Coke without ever taking his eyes off the luggage store.
Some ten minutes passed before Joran emerged. He was lugging a dark-blue garment bag that had been folded over into the form of a suitcase. It wasn’t the color of the garment bag or its orange handle and trim that caused Redding to take notice. It was the fact the Joran had purchased a garment bag. That told him exactly what Joran was planning. As opposed to packing and shipping the painting, the garment bag would provide a simple alternative. It would be the vehicle that carried the painting out of China.
Redding had been so intently focused on his search for the painting, he hadn’t really thought much about the issues of transporting the artwork. There were other options for shipping the painting, but the garment bag made the most sense. The painting could have easily been sandwiched inside any large-volume suitcase, but there were inherent risks. A painting confined to a suitcase would be at the mercy of baggage handlers and any abuse the luggage suffered might be transferred to the magnum opus. Even if the suitcase survived the cargo hold with minimal abuse, there were still other hazards. There was always the potential for theft in addition to the possibility of lost luggage. Clearly, the garment bag was Joran’s safest choice. It was essentially a piece of carry-on luggage that would never leave his possession. All at once, Redding’s thoughts coalesced. In an instant of acute clarity, a window of opportunity was revealed. It may have been a limited opportunity, but it provided him a marginal shot at recovering the painting. There were some serious obstacles that needed to be considered. His idea wasn’t necessarily complicated, but there were a number of unknown variables that could easily ruin his chances. In spite of the few critical unknowns, it was still possible as long as the variables worked in his favor. He waited until he was sure that Joran was far enough away before trashing his half-eaten meal and heading for the luggage store.

* * *

The store was inundated with every imaginable kind of luggage. Luggage was not only hung from the ceiling and stacked against the walls, but also piled everywhere across the floor. Still, it only took Redding thirty seconds to home in on the same garment bag that Joran had just purchased. He unzipped the bag half way down the center to expose the interior. It contained a wide, soft-net sleeve that extended nearly half the length of the bag, thus allowing the garment bag to be folded at the center without creasing whatever was held in the sleeve.
“You should buy. They are selling fast and soon all gone,” the storeowner anxiously offered.
Redding paid for the bag and then headed directly to his hotel. Aside from needing to offload the twenty-five thousand in the document pouch, he required some additional information. If the first few elements fell into place, then he wouldn’t be dissuaded by the long-shot odds. The whole venture was fairly risky, but it was his last chance to get control of the painting.

* * *

Redding dumped the contents of the document pouch on to the bed, gathered up the currency, and locked it in the room safe. Then he spent a few minutes rethinking the whole process needed to recover the painting. The garment bag was a clear indication that Joran was preparing to leave China. So the first order of business was to find out when exactly he planned to leave. Redding turned his attention to the collection of papers, maps, and brochures that had accumulated since his arrival. Joran’s hotel card was one of the critical elements, and hopefully neither he nor housekeeping had arbitrarily discarded it. He carefully sifted through a pile of tourist brochures and found the business card under a map of Suzhou. Then he called the Meridian Plaza reception desk and asked when room sixteen-thirty was scheduled to check out.
“Sixteen-thirty will check out tomorrow morning.”
Acquiring that one piece of information turned out to be far easier than he had expected and with that single piece of data, he was ready for the next phase of his plan. He made several attempts to reach Sam by phone before Sam finally answered. He said something about tutoring students and not being able to talk, so they arranged to meet at the teahouse at seven-thirty.

* * *

Redding was already seated at the rear table when Sam arrived. As Ting came from behind the counter with tea and an assortment of Chinese snacks, Sam caught her by the arm. Standing within a whisper of each other, they spoke quietly as if they needed to reach an agreement. Then they came to the table and sat down across from Redding.
“Yeah, I want to ask you about …” Redding started, but Sam interrupted.
“Stop! This isn’t about Lin Ming, is it? She’s a close friend, and we’re not going to play referee.”
That was exactly the question Redding was about to ask, but it wasn’t the answer he expected. Nevertheless, it was understandable. He let the subject of Lin Ming pass. She wasn’t the real reason he had asked for the meeting.
“Actually, there’s something else,” Redding said as he started to sample the snacks. “I need a favor, a big favor.”
“Exactly what kind of a favor?” Sam’s question just hung in the air.
Redding knew right away that Sam was setting the stage for some quid-pro-quo that would likely land him back in a classroom. At any other time he would have objected, but if it meant getting his hands on the painting, it was a reasonable sacrifice. He dismissed Sam’s question and took control of the conversation. As they sipped their tea, he detailed the events that led to the meeting.
“So you are not here on vacation, you’re here to find a painting?” Sam asked.
“Actually, both.”
“You made an offer to buy the painting yesterday, and this morning you find out that it was stolen last night?”
“That’s right!”
“And you are absolutely sure that this New York art dealer is the one who stole it?”
“One hundred percent!”
“So why not call the police?”
“That’s a problem! The painting belongs to another country, so to speak, and it might cause some embarrassment. Maybe the police find the painting or maybe it just disappears. Either way, we won’t be a party to the finder’s fee.”
“So what’s your plan?”
“It’s all fairly simple,” Redding said. Then he briefly explained what would be involved in recovering the painting while he continued to eat. “What are these? They’re delicious.”
“Dumplings, pork!” Ting said impatiently. “So how much do we get?”
“How about twenty-five-thousand dollars?”
When Redding mentioned the money, he purposely watched for their reaction. They instantly shot a glance at each other that had the hallmark of desperation. Their need for money was transparent enough, but Sam still wasn’t ready to commit. He questioned nearly every aspect of the plan before adamantly expressing his reservations. He called the whole idea sheer idiocy. Then he started spouting off about the consequences of getting caught, and that’s when Ting leaned on him hard. She wasn’t about to let him throw the opportunity away. As a means to break the stalemate, Redding offered up some time in the classroom.
“A few hours reading? Big deal! You’re making a lot more on this than we are, aren’t you?” Sam asked.
Suddenly it became clear that Sam was fishing for a larger cut, but just the fact that he had asked the question pretty much sealed his commitment in the scheme.
“Yeah, but I’m taking a lot more of the risk,” Redding said. “There’s also the problem of getting the painting out of China, and then there are issues about authentication that have to be considered.”
“What’s this about authentication?” Ting asked.
“That means that some expert curators will determine if the painting is genuine. If not, we’re screwed, and it could easily take a year for final determination. Then there is one more final consideration, and it is a big one. It’s unlikely that the museum is going to pay a finder’s fee for a painting if they have reason to believe that it was stolen.”
“Yeah, but we weren’t the ones who stole it. Technically speaking, it was that art dealer,” Sam offered in defense.
“That won’t make any difference. We won’t have any means to show how we came into possession of the painting, which leaves us with nothing. So, here’s the deal! You get twenty-five thousand, win, lose, or draw, or you take fifty thousand after the finder’s fee is paid, if and when it’s paid. There’s one more thing you need to consider. By my estimate, there’s maybe a fifty percent chance that we’ll successfully get a hold of the painting.”
“That art dealer has to know how difficult it’s going to be to collect the finder’s fee,” Sam said, still trying to apply some leverage.
“He couldn’t care less about the finder’s fee. He’s going to sell the painting to some private art collector for a lot more than any museum is willing to pay.”
Sam let out a sigh and then turned to Ting and, without saying a word, she indicated her approval.
“All right then, our best chances are to keep it simple,” Redding said. Then he methodically revealed the last details of his plan.
The plan was relatively simple and it produced only minor objections until he arrived at the exit strategy. That part of the plan clearly made both Sam and Ting nervous.
“It is absolutely necessary,” Redding insisted. “We’re not just doing this to create an illusion, we’re buying valuable time.”
He understood their concerns, but he wasn’t about to concede any changes. He had asked them for a favor and they were being well paid. There was still one other element of his plan that he hadn’t mentioned and had no intention of disclosing.
“So we’re not just going to grab the painting and run?” Sam asked, somewhat confused by the intended objective.
“No! We want to create the impression that the painting is still in the hotel.”
“Sort of insurance that we don’t get stopped leaving the hotel? Is that the idea?” Sam sounded a little unsure.
 “Exactly! Besides, win, lose, or draw, you’re covered for the twenty-five thousand.” Redding said.
Every time he mentioned their cut they seemed to settle down. Understanding what motivated people was important to Redding, and he knew Sam and Ting were only in it for the money. They spent the next hour reviewing the plan and hammering out all of the details, and once everything was set, they said goodbye.

* * *

On the way back to his hotel, Redding stopped off to get a few necessary items. He needed some cheap clothing and the style and color weren’t important. The clothing was only to serve as filler. The other two items he purchased were a large designer’s portfolio with leather handles and one precision knife.
Back in his hotel room, he removed the portfolio from its cardboard box and laid it on the bed. Then he set the cardboard box on the floor. Using the precision blade, he cut a piece out of the cardboard box approximately the size of the painting. Using the hangers inside the garment bag, he hung half of the clothing that he had purchased. He placed the cutout piece of cardboard into the net insert and reaffixed the net inside the bag. Then he hung the other half of the clothing over the insert and zipped the garment bag closed.



Chapter Twenty


The passing clouds had partially obscured the sun, which added to the chill of the early morning air. In the park across from the Meridian Plaza Hotel, Redding waited for Sam and Ting. He held the portfolio in one hand and the folded garment bag in the other. He stared upward at the cumulus clouds and watched as they slowly changed shape. They were large and billowy, and there wasn’t a cello anywhere in sight. His plan was simple enough, but he still worried about the unknown variables. He had to take care not to convey even the slightest degree of doubt to Sam and Ting.
Sam had already expressed his fears, but a scathing rebuke from Ting realigned his priorities. If the decision had been left to him, he would have passed on the whole scam, but it was Ting who held the power of persuasion in their marriage. As long as they received the twenty-five-thousand dollars, she couldn’t have cared less if he suffered a little inconvenience.
Buried deep in Redding’s gut was a nervousness that he held at bay. It seemed perfectly understandable and yet outwardly, he was the picture of calm. Even with unfavorable odds, he wasn’t about to be dissuaded. However, the strategy lacked one major component. It needed to be rehearsed and perfectly timed, but that wasn’t an option.
When Sam and Ting arrived they were nearly unrecognizable. Sam’s dark-gray suit and red tie yielded a distinctly conservative look, and Ting was properly dressed in a white blouse with a dark-blue skirt and heels. They were business professionals through and through, and no one would give them a second glance.
As they crossed the park, they each recited their respective roles and any variations that might be required. Then they threaded their way through the traffic of Jing Men Road toward the Meridian Plaza Hotel.

* * *

A porter in a regal uniform complete with gloves held the door as they entered the hotel. Once inside, Redding carefully gave the lobby a quick but thorough inspection. It held pretty much to his expectations. On one side was a cocktail lounge elevated two steps above the lobby. Although the lounge wasn’t necessarily dark, the lighting was somewhat dimmer than in the rest of the reception area. Once inside the lounge, they selected a cluster of high-backed upholstered chairs that were in close proximity to the entrance. From that position they had a clear view of the lobby, but more importantly, they had an unobstructed view of the elevator foyer on the other side of the grand staircase.
The general activity in the lobby was no different than at any other hotel, consisting mainly of the arrival and departure of guests. Bellboys smartly dressed in white uniforms shuffled luggage with the aid of trolleys. Between the guests, bellboys, and trolleys, the lobby was in a constant state of motion. Redding had counted on the activity to provide a minor level of distraction, if not outright confusion. It wasn’t exactly necessary, but even the slightest distraction would dramatically increase their chances of success.
They ordered coffee and settled into the upholstered chairs. They had intentionally arrived very early to ensure that they wouldn’t miss Joran. They didn’t know exactly when he would be checking out so they had no choice other than to sit and wait.

* * *

Two hours and eleven minutes later, Joran came out of the elevator pulling a large suitcase on wheels behind him. Over one shoulder hung a small canvas bag and over the other he held the dark-blue garment bag with orange handle and trim. He headed toward the far side of the lobby and directly to the cashier’s counter. He set the small canvas bag on the floor next to his suitcase and then handed his plastic keycard to the cashier.
The cashier started the process by recalling his invoice on the computer, after which she made a series of adjustments. As she input the adjustments, a bellboy arrived with a trolley to assist Joran with his luggage. He loaded both the suitcase and the canvas bag onto the trolley before turning to Joran.
“Sir, may I carry for you?” he said, motioning towards the garment bag.
“I think I can handle…” Joran stopped in mid-sentence while struggling to retrieve a credit card from his wallet.
“He will help you,” the cashier insisted, motioning for the bellboy to step forward and take the garment bag.
Joran hesitated, but still struggling with his wallet, he reluctantly handed the garment bag to the bellboy and in turn the bellboy hung the garment bag on the trolley.
“We send housekeeping to check room. Please wait a moment,” the cashier said as she reached for the phone.
In just those few moments that the cashier had held Joran’s attention, the bellboy had pushed the trolley across the lobby to an area adjoining the concierge station. Completely incensed, Joran snapped his fingers at the bellboy several times, but failed to catch his attention. He cussed under his breath and mumbled something about certain people needing to ask permission. He tried to hurry the cashier, but she simply explained away the delay with some placating excuse. The process of checking out seemed to have stalled and would likely take longer than it should, only because he had depleted the mini bar. He turned and anxiously stared across the lobby, all the while muttering foul expletives with restraint, but there was some relief in seeing the bellboy still standing attentively next to the trolley holding his luggage.

* * *

One of the key unknown variables that had concerned Redding had just revealed itself. He had worried that Joran would’ve held onto the garment bag and the whole plan would have been for nothing, but that was not the case. The garment bag was hanging on a trolley next to the concierge station and Joran was stymied in the process of checking out. This was the opportunity that Redding had hoped for. It was just sheer luck that the trolleys were parked no more than a half dozen paces from the lounge entrance. Redding nodded and Sam was on his way. His job was to distract the concierge and bellboy by supposedly asking for directions. Ting followed on Sam’s heels with the portfolio in hand. She made a beeline across the lobby to the elevator foyer.
Redding held the faux garment bag extended over his back as he positioned himself on the steps of the lounge. He glanced around the lobby and everything was as it should have been, except for a security guard standing between the grand staircase and the elevator foyer. The presence of a security guard wasn’t necessarily a problem, except that the guard seemed to have taken a keen interest in him. He acknowledged the guard with a nod, but that didn’t end the guard’s curiosity. He kept right on staring. This was a glitch that Redding hadn’t anticipated, and time was running out. As long as he was being watched, he couldn’t make his move and his window of opportunity might collapse at any moment. Joran was still at the cashier’s window, but constantly turning around to check on his luggage. Initially, that hadn’t been a problem, but Redding was now standing in full view and the checking-out process had to be nearing completion.
Ting had an unobstructed view of Redding, and her body language clearly revealed her concern. Sam had the concierge and bellboy locked in a conversation and Redding was in position, but nothing was happening. She slowly drifted back into the lobby. When she caught sight of the hotel security, she immediately understood the delay. She headed straight for the guard, waving her arm towards the elevator as if some emergency had just occurred. He tried to calm her by raising and lowering his hands to her. When she quieted down, he quickly ushered her back into the foyer to determine the problem.
Redding glanced around the lobby and again at the reception counter where Joran was still waiting. He stepped down from the lounge in the direction of the waiting trolleys. Sam had already exhausted the concierge’s patience and the bellboy was nowhere in sight. He had likely slipped away to assist another guest. Redding shot a glance through the lobby to make sure he wasn’t being watched. He set his garment bag on the trolley, removed Joran’s, and then returned to the steps of the lounge. Another glance around the lobby confirmed that his actions had gone unnoticed. He nodded to Sam, and Sam abruptly broke off the conversation and headed for the elevator foyer.
When the security guard returned to his post, his focus was again on Redding, but this time Redding just ignored him. He stepped down from the bar and causally strode across the lobby toward the foyer. Halfway across the lobby, he glanced in the direction of the reception counter. Joran had started toward the concierge station, but he was preoccupied with his receipt and credit card, so Redding managed to slip by unnoticed.
As planned, Sam and Ting took the first available elevator, leaving Redding alone in the foyer holding Joran’s garment bag.
As Joran approached the array of trolleys, the concierge inquired as to his transportation needs, but he didn’t respond. His attention had been drawn to an individual standing in the elevator foyer.
Redding waited just long enough to ensure that he had been recognized. Then he stepped into a waiting elevator, turning just enough to display the dark blue garment bag with the orange handle and trim that he held behind him.
“Goddammit!” Joran erupted. He started to bolt toward the elevators but stopped and grabbed at the garment bag hanging on the trolley. He unzipped it, revealing some unfamiliar clothing. He knew what had happened. He knew the instant he saw Redding with the same garment bag. He screamed at the concierge to watch his luggage and ran to the elevators.

* * *

Redding had already extracted the painting from the net bag by the time the elevator doors opened on the second floor. In foyer of the second floor, Sam and Ting were waiting.
“Is he coming?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, he’s definitely on his way.” Redding said.
He slipped the painting into the portfolio and handed the portfolio back to Ting. The doors of a descending elevator opened and Sam and Ting joined several other guests for the short descent to the lobby.
Redding bolted towards the stairway, stopping just long enough to discard Joran’s garment bag in a housekeeping laundry cart. From the stairway, he descended one flight to the mezzanine level. So far, everything had come together with near perfect execution, but it wasn’t over yet. He slowed his stride to a more casual pace as he crossed the mezzanine in the direction of the grand staircase.

* * *

When the elevator doors opened to the lobby, several people exited as Joran anxiously tried to ply his way into the elevator. He was so enraged by the loss of the painting he didn’t even notice the American businessman or the Chinese woman with a large business portfolio. He just shoved his way past the exiting guests. Alone inside the elevator, Joran watched as the doors closed, but he had no idea on which floor to find Redding. He could be anywhere in the hotel. Seething with rage, he couldn’t seem to pull a single thought out of his head. Before he had a chance to decide on a course of action, the elevator started to rise. With the release of a loud series of obscenities, he kicked at the door and repeatedly punched the lobby button, but the elevator didn’t stop until it had landed on the fifth floor.

* * *

Joran returned to the lobby no less enraged. He told the concierge that he wouldn’t be leaving just yet. Then he ducked into the lounge. He dropped into one of the high backed chairs that were clustered around a cocktail table and positioned himself to ensure he had a clear view of the lobby and the elevator foyer. If Redding were still in the hotel, he would intercept him, and if he had gotten away, he would find him.
He shook a cigarette loose from its pack and lit up without ever taking his eyes off the elevator foyer. He didn’t so much as acknowledge the cocktail waitress when she made her rounds or even the individual seated across from him holding up a newspaper. Taking one puff after another, he watched and waited for Redding to come out of the elevator. He smashed the butt of his cigarette into an ashtray and immediately lit up another. He kept his focus honed to the foyer even as the man seated across from him folded his newspaper. Through his peripheral vision, he could feel the man staring at him, but still another half-minute lapsed before an overwhelming impulse caused him to be drawn into eye contact. He wasn’t someone easily caught off balance, but he never expected the person across from him to be Redding. Joran tightened his grip on the armrest as smoke blasted from his nostrils like a snorting bull preparing to charge.
Unimpressed by the display of bravado, Redding tossed a card onto the table between them and then motioned for Joran to pick it up.
“What is that?” Joran demanded with anger seeping from his every pore.
“Those are bank-account numbers, and you’re going to wire two hundred thousand dollars into each account. That’s a total of four hundred thousand, and you have only seventy-two hours,” Redding said.
Four hundred thousand was the magic number. It represented the approximate amount Redding would have received as a finder’s fee. His intention to ransom the painting back to Joran had always been part of the plan, but it was also the part he purposely withheld from Sam and Ting. If he had disclosed his intentions, they would have reneged. They would have deemed it unnecessary and overly risky, which would have been a fair assessment except that he had every reason to believe that Joran would pay.
Redding put a lot of thought into the switching of the garment bags, but little went into the actual handling of the money. He knew he would need some of the money in China, but not necessarily all of it, and he wasn’t sure what difficulties would be involved in trying to move money out of China. After vacillating several times over his options, he decided to split the money between two banks. One half of the money was to be wired into the Yangtze Bank and the other half into his account in the United States.
As much as he wanted the rest of the world to be able to view the painting, there were other issues that loomed on the horizon. He could have easily waltzed out the front door with the garment bag in hand, but there was no guarantee that he would be able to deliver the painting to Le Musee Angladon. If Joran was discovered with the painting, there was still a chance, however slight, that the painting would eventually make its way to the museum. Redding decided his best course of action was to ransom the painting and let Joran take his chances with the authorities.
“What makes you think I’m going to pay you anything?” Joran said through his teeth.
“Because if you don’t, you’re not getting the painting back! Come seventy two hours and still no money, I’ll turn the painting over to Le Musee Angladon.”
“Like hell I’m giving you four hundred thousand dollars,” Joran said a little too loudly. Then he glanced around the bar to make sure he wasn’t overheard.
“If you don’t, well, that’s no problem for me,” Redding said, as he stood up and headed for the exit. He had delivered his message and wasn’t about to wait around. He didn’t want Joran to get the idea that his terms were negotiable.



Chapter Twenty-One


Joran had had little choice but to reregister as a guest of the Meridian Plaza Hotel. He should have been on a plane to Canada, but he was right back in the same miserable room. The painting had only been out of his hands for all of two whole minutes, but that’s all it took. It had been hijacked in the middle of the hotel lobby, right under the concierge’s nose. The concierge had been standing only steps away and yet neither he nor his bellboys had noticed anything. The whole lot of them weren’t worth a shit.
Joran headed straight for the mini bar. He poured himself a shot and downed it in one swallow. He was so goddamned angry he felt like punching holes in the walls. He never figured Redding for someone capable of pulling off a move so brazen. He poured himself another shot. There was no question about it. He would reclaim the painting, but it would be on his terms.
By the time his luggage was brought up to his room, he had nearly finished off the half-size bottle. He had never been one to follow the conventions of decent behavior. In fact, he had only contempt for those who did, and Redding clearly fit into that category. He lit up a cigarette and slumped into a chair.

* * *

The first cigarette he’d ever smoked was out of spite for his mother. He was all of twelve years old and had been caught at school cheating on some menial exam. It wasn’t the first time he had been caught – there were plenty of times before – but this time his mother found out and he got knocked around pretty hard. She didn’t care that the math test was insignificant, nor did she care that he was cheating. She only cared that her employer was upset and that her pay would be docked, all because she had to leave work early to meet with the school principal.
The first slap across the back of his head may have been justified, but the subsequent blows were entirely unreasonable. She cornered him in the kitchen and, with arms flailing, delivered blows one after another. When it was over and he had had time to think, the only thing he wanted was revenge. She had blown the matter well out of proportion, and he had suffered the consequences. He figured that one injustice deserves another, so he pocketed her cigarettes. There was nothing complicated about his actions but it was sufficiently malicious.
He had used this routine on a few other occasions. She would obsess over the missing cigarettes for hours, turning the house upside down, never realizing that he had been the cause. Only when he felt she had suffered enough would the missing pack of cigarettes suddenly materialize. That was his original intention, but this time, her sentence just didn’t measure up. It paled in comparison to the unwarranted blows he took to the head. The temporary loss of the cigarettes wouldn’t be enough. The situation required a more permanent solution. He shook one loose from the pack and with the flick of a match, he lit his first cigarette. Two more followed the next day, and it wasn’t long before nicotine became a constant companion.

* * *

Joran’s introduction into the world of fine art began with an internship at one of New York’s upscale galleries. His internship was based on a professor’s recommendation following an exceptional midterm paper for an art history class. Midway through his third year, he’d abandoned his studies at the university and accepted a clerical position with a lesser-known gallery that specialized in realist paintings.
The gallery stringently applied their rules of professionalism and that generally wasn’t a problem for Joran except for one particular rule. Smoking on the floor of the gallery was absolutely forbidden. Aside from the inherent damage to the artwork it caused, smoking signaled a less than pristine environment for the consigners of artwork.
If employees had an insatiable need to smoke, they were confined to a designated room on the far side of the basement. The dark, claustrophobic room was lit only by a bare light bulb. Used primarily for storage, it contained years of accumulated literature, documents, receipts, and press releases that had been boxed up and were stacked everywhere, along with a smattering of worthless art. The room was near freezing in the winter and absolutely stifling during the summer. The only other approved smoking areas were the owner’s office and one of the private viewing rooms, but both were off limits to employees for that purpose.
Over time he had edged his way politically beyond menial duties and landed a coveted sales position. Selling didn’t come easy for him, nor was he a natural with clients. His condescending yet abrasive style seemed to fly in direct opposition to his astronomical sales numbers. With the accumulating sales, management held an attitude of indifference and simply ignored his shameless tactics. Whatever method of sales Joran employed, he firmly believed that ethics had nothing to do with making money.

* * *

He couldn’t have cared less about the watercolors that were on consignment. They were low value, poor-quality paintings from some minor artist. He had a patron right on the brink of purchasing one exceptionally disappointing piece from the collection until indecision took hold of the client. Joran had applied some pressure, knowing full well that he could break the patron’s impasse but that it would take some time. It had been two hours since his last cigarette and the urge to smoke was absolutely compelling. He wasn’t about to let the sale evaporate, nor was he willing to suffer the indignities of the smoking room one more time. Secure in his illustrious status, he lit up a cigarette in the middle of the gallery. He managed to close the deal but, lacking an ashtray, had flicked his ashes onto the floor. The gallery’s owner was so incensed by Joran’s callous disregard for the rules that Joran was summarily terminated.

* * *

As a sales associate, he had always made an impressive income despite the gallery’s percentage. He knew the expenses the house incurred well enough, but it didn’t change the way he felt about the cut. He could have easily landed another sales position, but he hated the idea of being bound to split commissions. The only alternative was to open his own gallery. Some four months later, the Aztec Art Gallery in New York City was opened to overflowing crowds. Review after review lauded the gallery, which in turn produced additional consignment offerings. Filling the gallery’s space was easy enough, but finding pieces that were sellable or paintings with an acceptable margin was far more difficult.
Joran had a particular affinity for art collectors, especially those who had become caught in a cash crisis. Interaction with these often-eccentric collectors was his real forte. They needed to sell some portion of their art collection and he was always there to help. He understood the value in exploiting their fears.
His favorite clients were the nouveau riche, especially those who were plainly ignorant in all aspects of art. They were fast money, easily sold on the promise of future values, even though those promises were often encased in outright lies.
Over time, the gallery acquired a reputation as a serious art house – until a client turned on Joran. The legal problems that ensued were costly enough, but the damage to the gallery’s reputation was severe. He struggled to keep the doors open and had had to broaden his search just to find consignment art.

* * *

Joran had vacillated for nearly a week before chasing a consignment lead to California. The moment he laid his eyes on the artwork, he knew the pieces would be easy to sell. In order to secure the consignment, he convinced the sellers that paintings sold in New York City always sold at a premium. Thus the sellers would easily increase their yield by fifteen percent. That was the line that cinched the deal. The consignment agreement was signed and shipping arrangements were made.
Before he could slip away into the Hollywood nightlife, he still had one more piece of unfinished business. A colleague had extended an invitation to a private exhibit at the Pasadena Library of Fine Arts. The Romanelli, the Poussin, and the Degas were all exceptional works, but they weren’t the reason that he accepted the invitation. He saw the exhibit as an extended opportunity to sniff out the nouveau riche. He moved through the exhibit with one eye on the paintings and the other searching for potential clients. Specifically, he was looking for those who lacked an art-world sophistication but had plenty of disposable wealth. They were easily identified by their inane questions and unqualified comments. He’d pressed his way through the crowd always mindful of nearby conversations, stopping sporadically to view a painting. The exhibit was crowded and there wasn’t any shortage of wealthy individuals, but none fit his criteria.
After rubbing elbows with the museum’s patrons, Joran was all but resigned to the fact that his foray would likely be fruitless. He abandoned any thoughts of landing a client and retreated to the lobby. He had been slowly winding his way through the crowd in the reception hall when a conversation behind him caught his attention. An elderly woman was conversing with another guest and he overheard every word. She was inquiring about a painting, but her memory seemed somewhat vague. She didn’t know the artist’s name, but the painting in question had been seen in the old city of Suzhou, China. Of that much she was sure. Then she had delivered an imprecise description of the artwork and before she had even finished, Joran already knew the painting.



Chapter Twenty-Two


Redding opened the drapes with a solid yank and instantly the darkened room was transformed by the morning light. He stood staring out the window, wondering how he should spend his day. It wasn’t as if he had to search the old city anymore or even meet with Lin Ming. His whole day was essentially time spent waiting, and without a set agenda the restless side of his nature began to take hold. His only other consideration for the week was his commitment to teach English, but that really wasn’t a concern. He had already survived a kindergarten class and reasoned that all else would likely pale by comparison. Other than his commitment to teach, he had nothing to do but wait for the money.
The painting had been squirreled away somewhere, far from prying eyes. Only Sam and Ting knew its actual location. Their possession of the painting had been the only practical solution. He couldn’t very well secure the painting in his hotel room, so Sam and Ting held onto it. Prior to his departure, twenty-five thousand dollars would be delivered to them in exchange for the artwork.
He was well aware of the risks in leaving the painting with Sam and Ting. There was always a chance that they might double-cross him, but he figured that those odds were remote at best. He had always been quite adept at assessing someone’s character, and Sam and Ting were anything but a threat. Still, he held a little insurance. He had never divulged the actual amount of the finder’s fee or identified the museum that made the offer.
One issue that had already been stipulated was Sam’s insistence that they limit their contact. It was meant as a protective measure to insure the safety of the painting. Redding’s only interaction would be with Sam, and that would be limited to the time they spent at the school. Even though he had willingly agreed, he couldn’t help but wonder if the limitation had anything to do with Lin Ming.

* * *

The coffee served at the hotel buffet had always been acceptable, except for that morning. It had a bitter and metallic taste. So Redding set his sights on finding a decent cup of coffee and an English-language newspaper. On Tong Jing Nan Road there was a European-style café. It wasn’t exactly convenient, but it wasn’t so far that he considered taking a taxi.
Although it was Sunday, the morning traffic was exactly the same as on any other day. Everyone seemed to be in some predetermined hurry, but that wasn’t his frame of mind. He was quite content with an unhurried pace.
His thoughts turned to Lin Ming and the night they shared themselves. He could still feel her closeness, her breath on his face, and the softness of her skin. He definitely missed her. There was no denying it, but their short-lived romance was over. He thought of something Sam had said. “Knowing the culture wasn’t going to help, it was all gut instinct.” His gut told him that his chances with Lin Ming had long since passed and that he should wrap up his business in Suzhou and return home.

* * *

As he passed through the doors of Taste A Coffee, the strong aroma reminded him of mornings in Paris, sipping coffee at a sidewalk café. Although the small Chinese coffee shop was nowhere near Paris, it had well emulated the European style. He bypassed the espressos favored by the aficionados and ordered a medium cup of coffee. It was served in a paper cup: hot, black, and strong. He had hoped to find a place to sit and maybe read a newspaper, but the café was filled to capacity. Its patronage was predominately Chinese with a few expatriates mixed in the crowd. Every time a table became available it was instantly filled, as if it existed in a vacuum. Aside from the lack of seating, there also weren’t any English-language newspapers. All thoughts of a Parisian morning had faded and it seemed pointless to remain.
Without any set destination, he headed along the street sipping his coffee, sometimes stopping to peer through the window of a store, but only out of curiosity.
The next block consisted of a department store complex that had been fused into a shopping arcade. In front of the arcade, a cell-phone company actively promoted its services. It had erected several awnings, and music blared from loudspeakers in an effort to attract a younger clientele. The whole area had become densely congested. As Redding waded through the masses he had to take care not to spill his coffee. He was midway through the crush of bargain shoppers when something in the crowd caught his attention. His eyes darted back and forth until they settled on a recognizable face. It was Joran Hausen’s.
Joran made no attempt to conceal his presence, almost as if he wanted to be seen. He exhaled, and the smoke from his cigarette slowly swirled around his head before dissipating. He held his stare solidly on Redding and then flicked away the remains of his cigarette without regard for where it landed.
The muscles in Redding’s neck tensed. The last thing he needed was to be pulled into a public confrontation with Joran. He wound his way through the crowd and then veered away from the arcade. Near the end of the next block he stopped and glanced back. About half a block away he spotted Joran moving in his direction.
Whatever Joran’s intentions, they weren’t exactly clear. Exchanging blows on the street seemed improbable. This had to be some lame attempt at intimidation. Either way, he wasn’t about to let Joran gain an advantage, nor would he ever willingly hand over the painting, at least not until the money had been wired.
There was nothing physically threatening about Joran. He was neither imposing nor did he project the image of someone who could handle himself in a fight. Nothing about him scared Redding even a little. Redding was quite certain that he had the upper hand, but that wasn’t the problem. The problem was the unknown consequences of a fight in public, especially between two foreigners.
Redding turned on one street, crossed another and then rounded the corner at the end of the block. In the process of eluding Joran, he had become slightly disoriented. He wasn’t exactly lost, but he wasn’t sure where he was, either. He had allowed himself to become boxed in a maze of streets, but finding a way out of the neighborhood wasn’t his most pressing issue.
He turned onto an old commercial street that was thick with traffic. Although the streets were paved, every vehicle that passed by kicked a cloud of dust into the air. Nothing short of a heavy downpour would have suppressed the roiling filth that obscured the visibility for a block in each direction. It had been maybe three blocks without any sign of Joran, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t there.

* * *

Redding kept moving, but he still wasn’t sure where he was headed, then suddenly he stopped. Standing directly in front of him, face to face, was Joran.
“Gimme my goddamn painting!” Joran said, slurring his words into Redding’s face.
Suddenly Redding felt a constriction rise in the back of his throat, which triggered an intense gagging reflex. He tried to suppress the involuntary impulse by turning away for a breath of air. He had unwillingly sucked Joran’s alcohol-laden breath into his nostrils. When he recovered, he took a step backwards, away from Joran. Reeking of smoke was bad enough, but Joran’s breath redefined the meaning of offensive. He was so intoxicated that the thought of brushing his teeth or even showering had probably never crossed his mind. Either way, he was in no condition to be facing off with anyone.
“You want the painting? No problem! As soon as you wire the four hundred thousand,” Redding said as he forcibly brushed past Joran and then crossed the street.
Redding knew Joran was behind him, but he couldn’t turn around and look. He wasn’t about to give Joran the satisfaction of knowing that he was getting on his nerves. He sipped at the remains of his coffee and tried to gain his bearings. He was on a long commercial street with lots of stores and plenty of traffic. It seemed unlikely that, even in Joran’s inebriated state, he would be stupid enough to try anything on a busy boulevard.
Joran came up from behind Redding and grabbed his arm, spinning him around. Then he poked his finger into Redding’s chest.
“I’m not messing around! I want that fucking painting!”
“Did you forget something?” Redding posed nonchalantly before toughening his demeanor. “First the money, then the painting!”
He slammed the palm of his hand into Joran’s chest, forcing him backwards and off balance. As Joran caught himself he took a stance as if he were ready to fight.
“You better rethink that move,” Redding warned. “Because you’re only five seconds short of getting your ass kicked.”
“Fuck you! And fuck the four hundred thousand!”
“You got forty-eight hours left, then I’m calling Le Musee Angladon.”
Redding crossed the street and kept moving. He hoped that that would be the end of it, but somehow he just knew that Joran wasn’t finished. In the middle of the block there was a narrow access road between the buildings. The road had once been paved a very long time ago, but only remnants of the asphalt still remained. After years of weather and use the road had become just well-traveled dirt, but the alley did offer a moment of privacy that the main road lacked.
It seemed unlikely that the row between them would dissipate on its own accord, so Redding turned into the alley. He held to the center of the access road and was maybe halfway back the length of the buildings when he sensed motion behind him. He whipped around and there was Joran, coming at him. His arm was cocked back and in a fraction of a second, the distance between them had closed. Joran had uttered something unintelligible just as he released a right hook that was misdirected. The hook was easily dodged, which put Redding in position to return with a jab. The jab hit Joran square in the face, causing his nose to bleed.
They hadn’t been on the access road a whole fifteen seconds, but already the scuffle had caught the attention of some kids. They hovered near the road’s entrance, intent on watching the exchange. Their presence made Redding uneasy, so he started to back away, but Joran seized the opportunity to take another swing. Redding deflected the punch with one arm and then followed through with the other, driving solidly into Joran’s midsection. Joran doubled over, wheezing and straining against the pain in an effort to catch his breath.
“How much are you going to make off that damn painting, four, maybe five million? You really want to throw it all away?” Redding taunted. “Hell, you’re lucky I don’t decide I’m your new partner.”
“Well, we’ll see what Lin Ming thinks about this.” Joran said, knowing full well the effect his words would have on Redding. “Yeah, I know Lin Ming.”
“You’re full of shit,” Redding said.
“She was with me before you ever came to China. Maybe you should ask her.”
Redding took hold of Joran by the throat and slammed him backward, pinning him against the wall. Joran struggled against Redding’s hold just to catch a single breath. He made a feeble attempt to free himself by throwing a punch. The punch glanced off Redding’s ear, but it didn’t have any weight behind it. Its effect was little more than an irritation.
“Yeah, she’s a little shy until you get her in bed,” Joran had no more spewed the incendiary words than he felt the intense pain and constriction from another blow to his midsection.
In his intoxicated, belligerent, and combative state, Joran had become a liability. With more and more people gathering at the access-road entrance, Redding knew that it was only a question of time before the police arrived. He wanted out of that alley, but he had to be sure the fight was over, so he waited for Joran to make the next move.
Joran was on his feet, bent forward with one hand across his stomach and the other hand extended to a knee. He was spitting blood and mumbling something about the painting. In his doubled-over posture, he stumbled forward and then made a run at Redding. Redding sidestepped the charge, grabbed Joran by the upper arm and flung him against the building. Joran fell backward into the alley and a few cigarettes spilled from the pack in his shirt pocket.
Redding desperately wanted to leave, but for all intents and purposes he was stuck. If Joran made another move, then he planned to put him in the dirt–hard. He had to make sure it was over. He couldn’t take the chance that the fight would spill over onto the main street, but Joran just sat there. With a pathetic scowl on his bloodied face, he picked up each cigarette individually and dusted them off before returning them to the pack.
“I suggest you pick your sorry ass up and get the hell out of here before the Chinese government decides to deport you.”
“Well, I won’t be the only one getting deported,” Joran said with certain smugness.
“True, but I’ll still have the painting,” Redding said. “So, if you don’t want to leave China empty-handed, you had better get moving.”
Something Redding said must have set off an alarm in Joran’s head, because he stood up, wavered side to side, and then hastened out of the alley.
“And don’t forget my four hundred thousand.”
Redding wondered how much of Joran’s wavering balance could be attributed to the beating and how much was the fault of the alcohol. He waited until Joran was out of sight and then he quickly headed in the other direction. He wanted to put as much distance as possible between the access road and himself, just in case the police had been alerted.
He had expected Joran to be pissed about losing the painting, maybe even act out some rage, but the whole access-road incident bordered on bizarre. His actions were clearly motivated by alcohol and possibly even a lack of sleep, but that alone didn’t explain his strange behavior. A certain uneasiness seeded itself deep inside Redding’s head. Prior to the access road sparring match, the notion of Joran not coming through with the money hadn’t even been a passing thought.
There wasn’t a hint of humidity in the air, but beads of sweat coursed down Redding’s face. He was pissed at himself for allowing Joran to manipulate him, and he was pissed about the things Joran had said. Deep in the back of his mind an image emerged. It was an image of Joran with Lin Ming.



Chapter Twenty-Three


Joran had somehow managed to injure his knee, most likely when he was slammed into the wall. His patella had been bruised, and with every step pain radiated through his knee. If he had had the forethought to bring some money, he could have taken a taxi back to the hotel, but he wasn’t exactly in the right frame of mind when he left. After hobbling for a distance, he stopped and rubbed his knee until the pain subsided before continuing on. Everywhere he looked, people were staring at him, although they acted as if they hadn’t noticed. He tried to keep his eyes focused on the sidewalk in front of him. He much preferred the solace of anonymity, but that wasn’t possible, not with a pronounced limp, a swollen face, and torn shirt splattered with blood.
He hadn’t noticed the bikers, but they had noticed him. With only a look, they knew he had been on the losing side of a fight. Three of them stood around in a cluster while the other two sat on their motorcycles. As Joran limped closer, he was mumbling under his breath while trying to limit the use of his knee. Had it not been for one of the bikers talking loudly about his beaten-down condition, he probably wouldn’t have even noticed them.
“What a mess! Maybe you should hire someone to do your fighting, because you don’t know how,” Qiang laughed.
Joran stopped long enough to consider Qiang’s comment. He was still plenty pissed off, but all the fight in him had been exhausted. The ridicule didn’t set well, but he knew that he was clearly outside his element. He turned towards the bikers and spit some blood into the street, more as an act of contempt than as a necessity. The bikers responded to the insult by laughing, and Joran stumbled away without provoking another incident.

* * *

Of all the bikers, Qiang saw himself as the quasi leader of the group. He had made several attempts to exert his influence and thus cement his role, but all had been rejected. The fact that he spoke English fluently and had a university education carried little weight with the others. He worked the reception desk at the Metro Grand Hotel, not as management but in a clerical position. Leadership within the group had become a contentious issue. Although no one individual had been recognized as the leader, whenever Qiang made a decision the others usually followed.
“There is a new girl at work, and she has large breasts,” Qiang said to Long. “The boss is always trying to talk to her. And of course, she’s pretty. They wouldn’t have hired her if she wasn’t.”
“Maybe I could stop by the hotel and you could introduce her to me?” Long suggested.
“No chance! You trying to get me fired?” Qiang said, totally appalled at the idea.
Long only wore shirts that fit tightly, thus revealing his muscular physique. He was always concerned about his appearance. His hair had to be combed just so and his clothes freshly pressed. He thought that was the look that girls couldn’t resist, and he couldn’t resist them. He always wanted to look his best just in case he met that one special girl.
The group had been waiting for a phone call that for some reason hadn’t come. They hung close to their motorcycles, talked only amongst themselves, and paid little attention to passing shoppers. In the wasting of time, they had little else to do other than critique the various refinements of each other’s bikes and boast of their own riding abilities. They didn’t necessarily like each other, but they did have to depend on one another. If it hadn’t been for the easy money they most likely would have gone their separate ways.

* * *

The group started with Qiang and Long. Once a week, during the late-night hours, they would take to the highways outside the city, intent on high-speed thrills. Their passion for racing motorcycles had not only brought them together, but it had also culminated in a friendship. On one particular outing they had accelerated to full speed down a deserted street before slowing and leaning heavily into a turn. As they came out of the turn and accelerated, they straightened up, but it was no longer just the two of them. A black sport bike had caught up with them and merged alongside. The rider of the black motorcycle easily outpaced them on the straight-aways and could handle the corners with an agility that both Qiang and Long envied. By the end of the night Fangxu had become a member of their group. A month later, Jie started riding with them, followed soon after by Weichao.
Their high-speed activities fell well outside of lawful behavior. Their intentions were never meant to spite the law. They just yearned for the thrill. In an effort to minimize the risk of apprehension, the actual course of the ride was never repeated. As an additional measure, they changed the weeknight of the ride from one week to the next. One day everything changed and it was no longer about racing motorcycles. The late night jaunts that brought them together had been supplanted with another lawless activity.

* * *

Weichao was the one who had introduced the others to the easy money. Through his uncle, he had proposed an unorthodox, yet illegal means by which they were well paid. They became the strong arm of Weichao’s uncle so that he could enforce his hold on a local distribution market.
A mere half-hour of their time netted each of them more than they could earn in an entire week. They used tactics of intimidation, coercion, disruption, and if necessary, violence. Their job was to deliver an implied message to wayward clients. Most storeowners understood immediately. Just the bikers’ appearance in front of a business, revving engines and spinning their rear wheels, was enough to send storeowners running for cover.
A few obstinate storeowners were subjected to an increased level of disruption. Motorcycles were ridden inside the store, sending goods flying from the shelves. When the mayhem was complete, the group vanished into traffic. The store’s owner was left to suffer the loss of damaged merchandise.
The money was always divided equally, even if the level of participation wasn’t equal, such as the times that they had actually beaten clients into submission. Jie and Weichao both had an anomalous need for acting out their physical aggressions. Even though they delivered the vast majority of a beating they, like the others, only received an equal share of the payment.
Qiang and Long exerted their influence over all decisions related to physical abuse thus balancing violence with moderation. They weren’t necessarily averse to using violence. They just didn’t see it as an end all requirement. It was Fangxu who stood in direct opposition to the escalating use of violence.
“We are criminals and one day the police will come for us,” he often lamented.
Fangxu worked an old cloth over the handlebars and down the chrome forks of his motorcycle. He loved tearing through the country roads late at night as the bite of the cool air mixed with the sensation of speed. He had a job as a mechanic, but the pay was lousy. Every month was a struggle just to cover his expenses. He hated the intimidation, the violence, and the corruption that were so often a part of business. He hated his participation in the illegal dealing of the group, but the money wasn’t something he could ignore.
“Hey, give me a cigarette?” Jie called to Fangxu.
“You are always asking for one,” Fangxu responded as he stood back to survey his efforts. With a flick of his wrist, he snapped the cloth as if that alone would cleanse it of dirt and grease. Then he pulled a cigarette from the pack in his shirt pocket and handed it to Jie. “Why don’t you buy a pack? Hell, why don’t you buy me some? You’ve got money.”
Jie could cause any girl’s heart to flutter with just a smile. His attractive looks, coupled with a beguiling appearance of innocence, were a combination that few girls could resist. There had been many sweethearts in his life, but none stayed for any length of time. Along the way he had discarded a few, but all the others had fled for their own well-being. They had managed to peel away the layers of his allure, exposing the real beast. His look of innocence concealed an absence of morality and an underlying baleful disposition. He carried a switchblade that had drawn blood on more than one occasion and he relished the idea of being feared. It was his callous behavior that continually unbalanced the cohesiveness of the group.
“He doesn’t have any money! He spends it all on his girlfriends,” Weichao interjected.
Weichao was always too quick with his mouth, and it had landed him in serious trouble more than once. Being aloof and overweight in addition to having poor hygiene made him something of an outsider, even from within the group. He just wasn’t a likeable individual. Aside from a lingering body odor, there was also an antisocial component to his behavior. The only thing more worrisome than his antisocial leanings was his ability to handle a motorcycle. There were the few outings when he handled his bike flawlessly, and yet a day later, he couldn’t seem to shift from one gear to another.
Weichao didn’t care for his friends and they didn’t like him. Always sullen, he was easily angered. When it came to fighting, he wasn’t any good with his fists. He preferred to kick his opponent into submission. The other members would have gladly disassociated themselves from him except for one thing. He was the key to the fast money.
“Why don’t you shut up and mind your own business!” Jie fired back at Weichao.
“Don’t yell at him. He didn’t mean any harm,” Fangxu said to Jie, but it was too late to make any difference. Weichao was already fuming. He fired a kick at his bike and nearly knocked it off its stand.
“What I do with my money is my business,” Jie said as if he were making a public proclamation.
Qiang and Long sat on their bikes and watched as Jie and Weichao traded words. The situation soon dissipated and didn’t require any intervention on their part. So they ignored the others and returned to their own conversation.
“A clean motorcycle always runs better,” Fangxu said in the direction of Weichao as he lit up a cigarette.
“I don’t want to get dirty,” Weichao replied defensively, but his comment only elicited a group laugh at his expense. His daily uniform consisted of a soiled gray jumpsuit and heavy shoes. He liked to appear employed even if he wasn’t.
“Too late, you’re always dirty,” Jie laughed. He wasn’t about to pass on an opportunity to needle Weichao.
“Don’t be an asshole,” Long said, directing his comment at Jie.
Jie pulled the switchblade from his pocket, pushed the button, and the blade snapped open. He concentrated his stare on Long as he deftly wielded the knife in his hand. Then he slapped the blade closed and returned the knife to his pocket.
“One day Jie’s meanness and Weichao’s anger are going to cross paths and it will be bad for all of us,” Fangxu said.
Qiang and Long shook their heads. That was a subject that no one really wanted to talk about. It was pretty much understood that if one of them were arrested it wouldn’t be long before all of them were found out by the police.



Chapter Twenty-Four


Joran carefully dabbed at his face with a hand towel, taking care not to apply any pressure to his nose. The bleeding had stopped, but clotted blood in his sinuses restricted his ability to breathe normally. He examined the bruised and swelling bump on the left side of his forehead, just at the hairline. Satisfied that the injury was not serious, he filled the sink with cold water and left his bloodied shirt to soak.
A lukewarm shower washed away the dirt and dried blood, but it did little to assuage his bruised ego. He dried off and wrapped a towel around his waist. Most of the ice in the bucket had melted, but a smattering of cubes remained. He retrieved some scotch from the bar and made a drink for himself. Then he collapsed on an upholstered chair and began to reevaluate his situation.
His confrontation with Redding had been ill conceived. He was right back where he’d started. He didn’t have the painting, nor did he have any idea where it was. The only thing he was sure of was who took it and what it would supposedly cost to get it back.
He remembered the previous night. He had tried to rest, but sleep was nonexistent. He climbed out of bed after a miserable session of tossing and turning. Although it was only four in the morning, he dressed. He filled the ice bucket, poured himself a drink, and turned on the television. Then he tried to make himself comfortable in a chair. There was nothing worth watching, so he ignored the television and tried to concentrate on his dilemma.
Instead of finding a solution, he just smoked incessantly and made each subsequent drink stronger than the one before. When the ice cubes began to rattle in the bottom of his glass at the end of the fifth drink, he went out for a walk. There, in front of the shopping arcade, by sheer dumb luck, he had crossed paths with Redding.
His injuries could have been a lot worse. As it was, the beating was mostly just humiliating. There wouldn’t be any permanent scarring, and already his knee was feeling better.

* * *

His fight with Redding had taken more out of him than he had thought possible. There was no point in trying to fight the exhaustion. He downed the last of his drink and moved from the chair to the bed. Even before the alcohol had fully taken hold, he had fallen asleep.
He awoke a couple of hours later still sore from the beating. The swelling around his nose was more pronounced, almost as if it were a beacon meant to remind him of that morning’s lopsided thrashing. He took his empty glass of scotch and threw it across the room. It shattered on impact with the wall. As much as he hated the idea, he had to consider transferring four hundred thousand dollars on blind faith. Without the painting and its financial windfall, his gallery would soon be insolvent. He had access to four hundred thousand through Mr. Azzian, but if he failed to repay that debt, he would be facing some very serious consequences.

* * *

He had borrowed money from Mr. Azzian on two previous occasions. The guy was a loan shark who masqueraded as an investment broker. From behind his huge desk in a high-rise office building he shelled out money. He dabbled in venture capital, but mostly he just made personal loans. The loans were always short term and they carried an excessively high rate of interest. He was an affable enough guy as long as his clients complied with the terms of the agreement. Otherwise, he promptly collected on outstanding debts by sadistic means.
The first loan Joran had taken was easily repaid, but the second loan was a different matter. That loan had been used to acquire an obscure painting of questionable ownership at a fairly deep discount. He had planned to offload the painting to an eccentric collector, but the collector balked at the price and tipped off the police. Joran was arrested at his gallery while still in possession of the painting. Luckily, the district attorney wasn’t able to prove that he had any prior knowledge that the artwork had been stolen and charges were never filed. Nevertheless, the scandal that resulted had a devastating effect on his gallery. Nearly half of all the consigned artwork was withdrawn. Faced with limited options, he secured a second mortgage on his upper Eastside co-op to avoid defaulting on his debt to Mr. Azzian.

* * *

Arranging to have the four hundred thousand wired wasn’t inherently difficult. One phone call to Mr. Azzian would all but complete the arrangement, but first, the matter had to be given careful consideration. If anything went wrong, he would have no means to repay his debt. Failure to repay Mr. Azzian always meant consequences, usually so disturbing Joran hated to even think about it. The act of borrowing money was no minor issue, and he was pissed at having been placed in that situation.
Joran was mentally nowhere close to handing over four hundred thousand dollars in exchange for the painting. He still wanted to find some other option that would place the artwork back in his hands, short of paying for it. He had already spent hours racking his brain, but hadn’t come up with a single idea. Yet deep inside there was a part of him that would have gladly transferred the money if it meant leaving China with the painting.
If he knew where the painting was being held, he might be able to retrieve it. It was possible, but unlikely, that Redding had stashed the painting in his hotel room. That would have been a rather dicey move considering how easy it was to get into a locked room. Redding would have had to sit on the painting day and night, but that wasn’t the case. He had been out walking the streets, sipping coffee. It also seemed unlikely that he would have trusted the hotel for safe keeping. More likely, he had stashed it somewhere else.
Joran tried to clear his mind, but he was in such a piss-poor mood that it clouded his ability to think. Then, housekeeping knocked on his door for the second time. They needed to clean the room, so he pulled on some jeans and a shirt, grabbed a fresh pack of cigarettes, and headed out.

* * *

He tried to cross Xi Huan Road in the middle of the block but traffic was unyielding. One taxi after another pulled over to the curb vying for his business, but he just waved them away. His attempts to cross the boulevard had been futile, so he lit a cigarette and continued along the same side of the street. Aside from its intended use, the unusually wide sidewalk was also utilized as a parking venue for motorcycles and scooters. They would bounce over the low curb, weave through the pedestrians, and park in front of one of the businesses.
About a half a mile down Xi Huan Road a cluster of tables had been set up on the sidewalk, each sporting an umbrella and plastic chairs, thus creating the façade of a café. The outside portion may have mimicked a café, but the inside was nothing more than a small mini mart. Joran sat down in one of the plastic chairs and waited. A moment later a young girl came out and stood alongside his table. She had a cell phone held to her ear and was fully engrossed in a conversation.
“Can I get a beer?” Joran said with thick, condescending overtones.
“You want what?” She threw a cursory glanced in his direction, clearly irritated by the interruption.
“A beer! You know beer?”
Without responding, she spun around and headed back into the mini mart, only to return a moment later with a Chinese-labeled beer. Without deviating from her cell phone conversation, she set the beer down in front of Joran, collected his money, and then disappeared back inside.
As he sipped from the bottle, he watched the seemingly never-ending traffic of the boulevard. He had only been there a couple of minutes when two motorcycles came over the curb and parked. As soon as the first biker removed his helmet, Joran recognized him. It was the biker that had ridiculed him about his bloodied condition earlier that day. The biker left his helmet precariously balanced on the seat of his motorcycle and walked right past Joran into the mini mart. The second biker had dismounted and was hanging his helmet on the handlebars of his motorcycle when he caught sight of Joran. Without breaking eye contact, he walked up to Joran’s table.
“Cigarette for me?” Long asked.
Joran hesitated before pulling the pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket and shaking one loose for Long. Long lit the cigarette and took a slow drag on it without ever taking his eyes off of Joran. Then, as if an unstated invitation existed, he suddenly slumped into one of the empty chairs at Joran’s table. A few moments later, Qiang emerged from the mini mart, tearing the wrapper off a pack of cigarettes. Long said something to him in Chinese while gesturing to indicate that Joran had been hit in the nose. Qiang stopped fumbling with the cigarettes long enough to give Joran a hard look.
“Your nose is better now?” Qiang asked.
Joran only nodded.
“His name is Long, mine is Qiang,” he said. Then, he sat down at the table and lit a cigarette.
Joran reluctantly reached across the table, shook their hands, and introduced himself.
“So, why you fight?” Qiang asked.
Joran wasn’t prepared to answer any questions related to that morning’s ill-conceived row, so he just shrugged his shoulders.
“Maybe next time you fight, you call us first. We can help you.”
Joran’s initial reaction was to dismiss the suggestion as just an amusing thought. Qiang didn’t exactly seem like the fighting type, but Long had a more aggressive demeanor. Setting aside his solid build and well-defined muscles, there was still a hardened grit about him.
“How can you help?” Joran asked.
Qiang and Long spoke to each other in Chinese, and then Qiang yelled something to the young woman inside the mini mart. She came out with two beers, handing one to Qiang and the other to Long. Then she tapped Joran on the shoulder.
“You pay now.”
Joran stared at her. He couldn’t believe that she expected him to pay, but rather than balk, he reached into his pocket and pulled out some Chinese yuan. Qiang and Long both nodded their appreciation before nearly finishing the beers in a succession of quick gulps.
“There are five of us,” Qiang stated. “We are fast. We get the job done, and then we are gone. That easy!”
“Well, let me think about it.” Joran said, not that he ever really would.
Long held the bottle upside down to his lips for the last remaining drops, then Qiang and Long stood up. They mounted their motorcycles and were in the process of putting on their helmets when Joran called to them.
“How much?” His question was based more on curiosity than anything else.
Both Qiang and Long got off their bikes, came back to the table, and sat down. Qiang once again yelled at the girl inside as he lit another cigarette. She came out with two more beers, handing one to Qiang and the other to Long, and then she tapped Joran on the shoulder, again.
“You pay now,” she said as she held her hand out for the money.
Joran shook his head in disbelief as he reached into his pocket. As soon as the girl left, he repeated his original question.
“Ten thousand yuan!” Qiang said.
“Ten thousand yuan? Are you joking?”
“No, not joking!”
Joran peered out onto the passing traffic, momentarily sequestered in his own thoughts.
“You want us to hurt someone?” Qiang asked.
“He’s gotta feel real pain!” Joran blurted out. Until that moment, he hadn’t even realized how much he had been aching to even things up with Redding. It seemed strange that the idea of outright revenge hadn’t previously been drawn into conscious, concrete thought. “If you can really hurt him, I might be interested.”
“There are five of us. We each get two thousand yuan.”
The more Joran thought about it, the stronger the appeal became, but he had reservations about handing ten thousand yuan over to a couple of locals. The amount was close to fifteen hundred dollars.
Qiang and Long spoke Chinese to each other in a series of exchanges, purposely excluding Joran, but he was already well aware of what was being discussed. Before they could even asked the question, he offered up a misleading answer.
“He has something that belongs to me.” Joran said. “A cello.”
He motioned with his hands as if he were playing an invisible version of the instrument. It would have been reckless to disclose the actual existence of the painting, so he deliberately misled them.
Long had been watching Joran’s deliberate motions intently, and then suddenly spoke to Qiang in Chinese as if he had figured it out.
“Oh, I know, to make music,” Qiang said, nodding his head.
“That’s it!”
“Sure, no problem! Ten thousand yuan! And we find your cello.”
Qiang’s words were manna from heaven and Joran wasn’t about to let the opportunity slip away. He was just about to agree to their terms when he had an idea on how he could get the job done for half price. He proposed an alternative.
“You get five thousand yuan up front and I’ll pay you ten thousand more when you bring me the cello. If I don’t get the cello, you don’t get the ten thousand yuan.”
The cello itself was nonexistent, and it seemed unlikely that Redding would give up the painting even though he was sure to suffer one hell of a beating. That wouldn’t exactly balance the scales from Joran’s point of view. Still, the idea of Redding getting beaten senseless provided him with a measure of satisfaction, especially if it only cost him five thousand yuan.
While Qiang and Long discussed the arrangement in Chinese, Joran sat back and lit another cigarette. He had seen the face of hunger before, and these guys were hungry for money. All he had to do was wait until they accepted his terms.
“So where can we find this guy?” Qiang asked.
Joran set a time and place for them to meet, insisting that he identify Redding himself. He wanted to eliminate any possibility of a mistaken identity. Only then would he hand over the advance fee of five thousand yuan.
Qiang suggested a final meeting at that same sidewalk café after the job was finished. There they would exchange the cello for the additional ten thousand yuan.
Just the idea that the bikers would deliver a cello was fairly comical, but Joran managed to hold a straight face. He agreed to the final meeting, but he had no intention of showing up, nor would the bikers be collecting the remainder of their fee.



Chapter Twenty-Five


It had rained during the night, but by morning the precipitation had passed, leaving only scattered clouds and cool temperatures. With last night’s cello dreams still in his head, a morning jog was exactly the kind of workout Redding needed to ease the tension. He threaded his way through the taxis parked on the hotel apron and then broke into a run.
The streets were congested with morning commuters in business attire and uniforms, all headed somewhere. Buses were filled to capacity, sidewalks bristled with foot traffic, and a slew of taxis wasted little time ferrying passengers. It all would have been typical of a Monday morning except for an American jogging along the boulevard. Redding turned away from the boulevard and headed out of downtown Suzhou in the hope of leaving the heavy vehicle emissions behind.
He worked his way into the narrow streets of a residential neighborhood, away from the hazards of the morning’s traffic. Although the street was devoid of vehicles, he had to constantly dodge errant bicycles parked on the sidewalk and students making their way to school. He quickened his pace as he turned onto a tree-lined street that was virtually empty with the exception of a few motorcycles.
The morning’s traffic had thinned and he had finally connected with his stride. His pace wasn’t too fast, but his breathing was slightly labored and already beads of sweat had begun to form. His mind drifted from one thought to another as he sucked in volumes of the cool morning air. He thought about Lin Ming, the first time he kissed her and the night they spent together. He felt bad about the way things had turned out. He wished the cultural divide hadn’t gotten in the way, but it wouldn’t have made any difference. She was right. He would leave and she would be left behind. That’s the way it was and thinking about it was just a mental exercise in futility. He switched his thoughts and reviewed his plans for the day. After breakfast on the mezzanine and a quick taxi ride to the school, he would honor his commitment and teach English for the day.
At the far end of the street a delivery truck spewing noxious exhaust had just stopped. There were motorcycles trying to squeeze by on both sides of the truck, so Redding turned onto an alley that would lead him back in the direction of the downtown area. A masonry wall ran along one side of the alley and the back of commercial buildings along the other side.
He had been holding to the center of the alley until he heard some motorcycles approaching from behind. He moved over to one side, allowing them sufficient room to pass. As the first motorcycle passed the rider swung a heavy cane, which struck Redding from behind, slightly above his left knee. He stumbled forward, instinctively compensating to stave off a fall. He had nearly regained his balance when the second motorcycle passed. That rider took a hard swing with a bamboo cane, striking Redding across his back before glancing upward and hitting him in the back of the head.
Redding saw the next motorcycle approaching from straight ahead, but there wasn’t any place he could take cover. The blow drove him backward as the cane struck him across his chest just below his neck. The impact spun him around and he landed face down in the alley. Slightly dazed, he picked himself up and assumed a defensive posture. He caught sight of someone wearing a motorcycle helmet, halfway through a full-motion swing aimed at him. He made an attempt to deflect the blow with his arms, but he was too late. He caught the blow directly across his midsection and collapsed, again.
Still lying in the alley, Redding felt kicks and blows coming from every direction. He pulled his arms upward in an attempt to protect his head. From deep inside he found a surge of adrenalin that compelled him to sit up as he tried to block the incoming blows. He took a wild swing with his right arm and it connected, but he wasn’t sure where the punch had landed. Then someone delivered a kick to his chest that knocked him down again. As he lay on the ground, he drew one of his knees upward and kicked wildly. He felt the resistance of the kick as it squarely planted into someone. That was just before he was struck on the side of his head, causing an immense ringing in his ear. The blows to his head and body continued, but he just lay there motionless, struggling to breathe.

* * *

Redding sensed an eerie darkness, which began to lighten into a dull shade of gray. A collage of fleeting images skirted through his vision, but he couldn’t seem to focus on any of them. Whatever it was, the blurred images were indistinguishable. Several seconds passed before his vision began to clear. He was looking directly at a young Chinese man, maybe in his early twenties, wielding a bamboo cane. In one quick motion the cane was swung like a baseball bat an inch over his head. He heard the swoosh as the cane passed and felt its turbulence roil through his hair, but it didn’t elicit so much as a flinch. Still somewhat confused by what had happened, he struggled to remember.
“Do you hear me?” Qiang asked, warming up for his next swing.
Redding remembered. He had just been waylaid by some local bikers. He glanced around and they were all still there. Wherever this was, it wasn’t over yet. He was sitting upright in the middle of the alley now, still trying to piece together his fragmented memory of what had happened.
“Do you hear me?” Qiang demanded impatiently.
Redding had taken a beating and it certainly wasn’t the first time. He had previously had lots of practice. As a boy in Indiana, he had received more than his share of beatings. Every other month his father came home with a half-finished bottle in his hands. He would stumble into the house cussing and yelling. With or without cause, the blame for something would land on Redding and he would suffer a beating.
“I’m talking to you,” Qiang said as he poked Redding in the chest with the cane.
In Indiana, he had been in his share of fights; some he won, and a few he lost. During his school years he had been suspended more than once for fighting. It wasn’t that he liked fighting – actually, he didn’t – but it was preferable to taking a beating. As he matured, his aggressiveness subsided, replaced by a much-preferred diplomatic approach to menacing situations.
“Yeah, I hear you,” Redding said as he glanced around again, sizing up the situation.

* * *

Long was standing next to his motorcycle, still holding his three-foot bamboo cane in his hand as he shifted his lower jaw from side to side, testing the functionality and feeling for the pain. He had caught a solid right hook to the jaw. Standing near Long was Fangxu.
Fangxu had lit a cigarette, but he wasn’t really smoking it. He leaned against the wall with the cigarette in one hand while his other hand was deep inside the front of his pants, cradling his aching testicles. When he had stepped in front of Redding, he’d received a severe kick to the groin.
Jie was across the alley from Long and Fangxu, sitting on his motorcycle. With a cigarette hanging out of his mouth, he divided his attention between Redding and the artful manipulations of the switchblade in his hand.
Weichao was standing a short distance behind Redding. He was the only one still wearing his helmet. He continuously watched both ends of the alley. If the police should arrive, they would all have to make a hasty retreat.
Qiang stood directly in front of Redding demanding answers to his questions while taking practice swings with the bamboo cane.
“You have taken something that doesn’t belong to you and your friend will have it back,” Qiang said with authority.
Redding couldn’t quite grasp what Qiang was talking about. He wondered if the attack had been set up by Jian.
“You fight with him, now you have to fight with us.”
It wasn’t Jian he was talking about. It was Joran. That lousy scum of an art dealer couldn’t handle himself in a fight, so he had brought these guys in to do his dirty work.
“Are you listening to me?” Qiang demanded.
“Yeah, I hear you.”
“Give us a cello and we won’t hurt you anymore.”
“A cello?”
“A cello, to make music. You know!”
“It’s not a cello he’s looking for. It’s a painting,” Redding said incautiously while trying to maintain his upright balance. Blood was dripping from his hair and running from his nose. He reached up, felt the top of his head, and found the source of the bleeding.
“Don’t screw with us because we will definitely hurt you. Now, where is this cello?” Qiang demanded, emphasizing his impatience.
Weichao moved up directly behind Redding and delivered a kick to the lower left side of Redding’s back. Redding fell over on his side and roiled in a pain that emanated from his kidney. He let out a groan as he attempted to sit up. He was quite sure that when he pissed, it would be bloody.
Qiang motioned Weichao to move away.
“Now give us the cello and we won’t have to hurt you anymore,” Qiang insisted.
“It’s real simple. It’s not a cello. It’s a painting, and the name of the painting is, “A Man with a Cello.” That’s what he wants!” Redding said, fully expecting another barrage of blows.
“Then, it’s a painting of a cello, good. Give us the painting,” Qiang demanded, again motioning the heavyset biker who had inched forward to move away.
“That asshole already has the painting,” Redding said, sensing that Qiang had neared his limits.
“What asshole?”
“The art dealer! The guy who hired you to come after me.”
“He’s not an art dealer, he’s a musician,” Qiang said.
“Look him up on the Internet. He’s listed as an art dealer at the Aztec Gallery in New York City. He sells expensive paintings, not cellos. Hell, he probably doesn’t even have the faintest idea how to play one,” Redding said under the guise of a weak laugh.
He had been trying to buy some time to collect his thoughts. He needed to find a way out of the alley without sustaining any further injuries. The bikers had taken to arguing in Chinese amongst themselves. The level of frustration between them was rising, as if there was a sense of urgency. Most likely, they were worried that the authorities might arrive.
“It’s really very simple,” Redding interrupted. “That asshole art dealer already has the painting and his plan is to walk right past customs with the painting in his garment bag. He’s going to smuggle that painting right out of China.”
“Then why did he hire us?” Qiang asked.
“Well, I beat him pretty good, so he probably wanted to get even. That goes without saying, but what he really needs is me out of the way. I’m the only reason he hasn’t left China yet, and I’m also the only one that can expose him to customs. That’s a risk he’s not willing to take,” Redding said as he continued to assess his injuries.
Qiang was translating to the others almost simultaneously while Redding spoke.
“If I’m in a hospital, he can pass right through customs.”
“So, he already has this cello painting?” Qiang asked as if he needed clarification.
“Yeah! He’s got the painting, and you guys get nothing,” Redding said, knowing just how to spin his lie. He had learned long ago that a lie is apt to be believed if it is blended with a measure of truth.
He had to find a way out of the alley without getting killed in the process. Then, over the next two days, he would have to make sure he didn’t run into these guys again. If the wire transfer didn’t come in, then he would make a call to Le Musee Angladon and that would be the end of it.
“What do you mean we get nothing?” Qiang asked.
“You were used! You did his dirty work and he walks away.”
“He’s going to pay us,” Qiang said. His voice betrayed a level of confidence that had faded into doubt.
“No, he’s not!” Redding fired back as he gingerly pressed against his aching ribs. “You’re never going to see him again.”
Qiang translated as Redding spoke, which caused an almost immediate outburst of heated exchanges. Redding wasn’t able to understand a word they said, but from the tone of their voices, he knew they were getting angrier.
When they had finally arrived at a consensus the group fell silent, but the unsettling edginess about them had not diminished. Jie, still wielding the switchblade, had come up behind Redding. With his knee pressed into Redding’s back, he grabbed him just under the chin and pulled his head backward. Redding decided not to resist. He had caught a glimpse of the shining steel just before the sharp edge of the switchblade was pressed against his neck.
“If you have lied to us, we will kill you,” Qiang said flatly.
Redding didn’t utter a sound or move a single muscle. The blade was held tightly against his throat and then suddenly Jie released his hold. He moved into a position directly in front of Redding. He whipped the switchblade around his hand before folding the blade back into its handle. Still holding the closed knife in his right hand, he smiled at Redding. His smile evoked a calming effect that seemed to say there was nothing to fear. Redding felt a wave of relief wash over him. He returned the smile, but Jie had already turned away. In one quick move Jie swung around and hit Redding hard, square on the left side on his face. He fell backward and rolled onto his side.

* * *

Redding lifted his head slowly so as not to lose consciousness. He waited until his vision cleared, then forced himself into a seated upright position. A momentary wave of imbalance caused him to extend an arm to steady himself. He wasn’t sure if he had just been knocked out or if he was just dazed by the blow. He thought he had heard the sound of motorcycles revving, but he wasn’t sure. A quick scan of the alley in both directions confirmed that the bikers were gone.
With his elbows on his knees and his hands supporting his head, Redding just sat still. He tried to focus his thoughts, but was continually interrupted by an immense throbbing in his head. It seemed likely that some internal organs would have been bruised, but hopefully there weren’t any serious injuries. At least no bones had been broken and he still had all of his teeth. The cuts, scrapes, and bloody nose were all minor issues. A real concern was the fact that his clothes had become soaked in the filthy alley water and the abrasions under his clothing were now open to infection. Still, that wasn’t his most pressing concern. He desperately needed to urinate. The beating had been a bad one, but his condition wasn’t critical.
He slowly stood up and looked around the alley. He wasn’t too far from a main street, but was still several blocks from his hotel. At the moment, he was alone. He untied his nylon sweatpants, extended one arm to brace his body against a building, and then he relieved himself. He wasn’t surprised by the stream of urine and blood or by the fact that one of his kidneys was silently screaming in pain.
Although his limp was fairly pronounced and his knee hurt like hell, he managed to make his way out of the alley. He headed in the direction of the hotel, but his progress was painfully slow. Everyone seemed to be staring and yet no one offered to help him. He disliked being the object of attention, whether from pity or some perverse curiosity. He wasn’t easily humiliated or overly self-conscious, yet the stares were unsettling. He signaled taxi after taxi, but all refused the fare when they caught sight of his filthy condition.
At the hotel entrance, the doorman asked him if he should call a doctor, but Redding dismissed the idea with a slight raise of his hand as he limped away to the elevators. Aside from the pounding headache, it seemed as if every muscle and joint in his body were unified in pain.
Thoroughly exhausted, he entered his room and placed the “Do not disturb” sign on the door. He filled a glass with water and downed two aspirins. Then he dampened a washcloth with cold water and held it across his swollen eye. Ice would have been preferable, but he wasn’t about to walk down the hallway. He stripped off his clothes and collapsed on the bed. More than an hour passed before the intensity of his headache subsided and he drifted off to sleep.



Chapter Twenty-Six


An incessantly harsh ring woke Redding from the throes of a deadening sleep. A glance at his watch told him that he had slept for nearly three hours, but the sleep had done little to alleviate his exhaustion. As he reached for the phone, individual pains throughout his body announced their locations. That morning’s beating came flooding back into his memory in an array of non-sequential vignettes. One specific blow that flashed into consciousness caused him to flinch and utter a barely audible groan into the receiver.
“Redding, where the hell are you?”
“Who is this?”
“It’s Sam, remember me? You were supposed to be here today. My schedule is so goddamn screwed up!”
Redding suddenly sat up in bed as the realization set in. He had completely forgotten that he was supposed to teach English. He released a series of expletives aimed at his own shortsightedness. He should have called Sam. His thoughtlessness was inexcusable, but based on the way the morning unfolded it wouldn’t have made any difference. Instead of a credible excuse for his absence, he offered only an oversold apology.
Apology or not, Sam was seething. It wasn’t like Redding to take his commitments lightly and he hated people that did, but there wasn’t anything he could have done to change the outcome. He promised that he would meet Sam later and explain everything. After Sam calmed down, Redding hung up.
His headache had subsided so he stood up and tested his balance. Satisfied with his stability, he rolled his clothes in such a way that the bloodstains were hidden from view and stuffed them into the waste bin. Then he headed into the bathroom and took a hard look at himself in the mirror. The swelling below his eye wasn’t so bad, but the surrounding tissue already showed signs of discoloration. It would be his first black eye in many years.
The bruising on his body was far more extensive than he had anticipated. The bamboo canes had left the unmistakable signature of raised welts of various sizes and degrees. There was one particularly nasty welt across his abdomen, but he didn’t remember receiving that blow. Nor could he account for the injury to his hip or the deep throbbing pain in his left shoulder.
Alongside the dark-red welts were several bruises that were purplish in color and bordered by a tinge of yellow. Side by side, the hue of the welts and bruises produced an almost sickening contrast. Yet, the strange meshing of discolored tissue wasn’t nearly as unsettling as one particular welt. Not because it was any more painful than the others. They were all painful to some degree and they would all heal without causing permanent scarring, including the welt across his midsection. It wasn’t the welt that was the problem, but its location. The distorted image of Redding as a cello had reemerged in the mirror and the welt across his midsection magnified an unsettling aspect of the image. It served as a bow being pulled and pushed across the cello, almost as if receiving this welt had been preordained. As disturbing as the image was, he couldn’t seem to look away. He just kept staring until steam rising from the shower clouded over the mirror and the image faded.
The shower did little to revitalize his spirits or dampen his exhaustion. He cautiously dried himself, careful not to damage the surfaces of the welts. Between drying off and dabbing ointment on the abrasions, he called room service. By the time he had finished with the abrasions, chicken soup and a grilled cheese sandwich had been delivered.
His stomach was slow to accept each bite, but the nutriments were vital to the healing process. The soup was acceptable but the cheese sandwich was tasteless. Although he had only eaten a small amount, what he had ingested brought on a heavy sleepiness. He surrendered to the bed and soon fell into the depths of sleep.

* * *

Once again with the shrill ring of the phone, Redding was instantly jarred awake. He sat up, slightly disoriented. It took him a moment to acclimate to his surroundings. Again he looked at his watch and it was already a quarter past four. Then he lay back down, rolled onto his side, and reached for the receiver.
“Red, this is Yves.” Yves waited for a response, but none came. “Look, I’m sorry if I’m disturbing you, but we have to talk about this buyout.”
For the most part Yves was predictable. Normally, Redding liked that about him, but not right now.
“I thought this was going to wait until I got back,” Redding said, decidedly irritated. He tried to reassemble their previous conversation in his head, but nothing unusual stood out. He couldn’t fathom why Yves all of a sudden was in such a hurry.
“Well, it’s like this,” Yves said. “I’m moving the company to Arizona.”
“Arizona? Goddammit, Yves! What the hell is going on?”
The whole purpose of traveling to China was to find the painting and circumvent the buyout, but apparently Yves thought that the buyout was a foregone conclusion.
“Well, here’s the thing. I have three clients in Arizona. These are grade “A” clients, but they will only do business with us if we are accessible. That means only if we are in Arizona, but the move is going to be expensive.”
Redding felt the weight of Yves’ words as they landed on him. As far as he was concerned, any trust between them no longer existed. He certainly couldn’t cover his share of the expenses needed to move the company, which meant Yves would have to come up with all the necessary funds. That wasn’t a problem for Yves. He had plenty of money.
Redding’s whole body tensed as if he had been backed into a corner, but now he knew what Yves had been working on for the past eight weeks.
“You’re not moving anything anywhere until I get back,” Redding said. “Goddammit, Yves! You’re supposed to be my fucking partner!”
“Listen, Red. I know I should have told you earlier, but if we don’t do something soon we’re going to lose it all. We’re going to be holding hands with K’Myles in bankruptcy court. Any chance we could resolve this right now?”
“I don’t think so. I’m kind of pressed for time.” Without saying so much as goodbye, Redding slammed down the phone.
He bailed out of the conversation only because he couldn’t stand to hear Yves say another word. While he had been busting his butt to save the company, Yves had been busy setting himself up in Arizona. If he could have reached through the phone he would have knocked Yves’ teeth down his throat. As pissed as he was at Yves, the whole conversation literally served as an awakening. He had a more pressing issue to deal with and that matter centered on Joran.
Still sitting next to the phone was the Meridian Plaza Hotel business card with Joran’s name and room number written on the back. With the receiver positioned between his head and shoulder, he dialed Joran’s hotel and requested room number sixteen-thirty.
“Hello?” Joran answered with uncertainty.
“Meet me in the bar, your hotel, in thirty minutes!”
“Who is this?”
“You know goddamn well who this is!”

* * *

Redding arrived fifteen minutes ahead of their scheduled meeting. His early arrival wasn’t without purpose. He selected the same cluster of chairs that they had occupied two days before. He settled into one of the high-back chairs and ordered a scotch and water. He may have been on Joran’s turf, but he needed to convey the impression that he was in charge. With a panoramic view of the lobby and elevator foyer, he wanted to see Joran coming. The idea of being blindsided twice in one day didn’t sit well.
He watched as Joran crossed the lobby, entered the bar, and slipped into an opposing chair. No pleasantries were exchanged. The divide between them held an uncomfortable silence punctuated only by the sporadic rattle of ice in Redding’s glass. He posted a hardened stare set directly on Joran, as if to advertise the darkening purplish contusion that semi-circled the lower portion of his left eye.
Joran shifted his body uneasily, as if he might bolt from his chair at any moment. The waitress approached, expecting to take drink orders, but Joran rudely dismissed her with a wave of his hand.
“What time is it?” Redding asked.
“Huh?”
“The time?”
“It’s five o’clock,” Joran said, leery of the question and unsure of his answer.
“Well, that means it’s ten o’clock in the morning in Avignon, France. So, if I call Le Musee Angladon, they’ll be answering the phone,” Redding said as he swirled the ice cubes in his drink. “As you can see, I met your friends and they delivered your message. That is, if I understand it correctly, that you’re no longer interested in the painting. So there’s really no reason not to make the call and be done with this whole mess.”
“Take it easy, all right? There’s no need to get so upset! So what, you got smacked around, but you can’t exactly blame me. It was you who ripped me off.”
“That’s the way you see it? Well, here it is, straight up! If you think I’m going to put up with your bullshit, you’re wrong. You do anything stupid like that setup this morning and I will make the call. There won’t be any more chances. Any screw-up on your part and the painting is gone.”
“That’s it?” Joran asked. He couldn’t believe what he had heard. He was being let off with only a warning.
“Nope! There’s more! That beating I took today, it doesn’t come cheap. It’s going to cost you another hundred thousand.” Redding dropped his stare and sipped his drink.
“Are you kidding me?” Joran blurted out.
“Do I look like I’m kidding? You have about a day and a half left to wire two hundred and fifty thousand into each account and there won’t be any grace period. I’ve already had enough of you and your goddamn games!”
“You can get that money from Le Musee Angladon, so why are you offering it to me?”
“This way I don’t have to worry about taxes.” Redding said as he downed the last of his drink. “And if I see you or your friends again, all bets are off! The only way you’ll ever see that painting again is in a museum.”
“So what happens when I wire the money?”
“When I receive the money, you’ll receive the painting. It will be delivered to the reception desk in your name.” Redding abruptly stood up and left the bar, not saying another word.
He knew he had him. He may have lied about the taxes, but lying was well within the boundaries. After all, Joran was no Boy Scout himself. He was so hungry for the painting he would have believed anything, or more succinctly, he was hungry for the money the painting would bring.

* * *

As an extra measure of protection for the painting, Redding had been precluded from frequenting the Tae House. It was part of their original arrangement and it had been at Sam’s insistence, but apparently that was no longer necessary. Redding could only wonder if the exclusion had been put in place for an alternative reason. Protecting the painting was a valid concern; still, he wondered if the exclusion had anything to do with Lin Ming.
He had no idea where Sam had stashed the painting. That had also been part of the original arrangement, and it was also the part that made him a little uneasy. He wanted to know but, sporting a black eye, he thought it was probably best not to ask. Still, he couldn’t help but worry about it, knowing that Joran would have done almost anything to have it back.

* * *

The afternoon crowd had overwhelmed the teahouse, effectively leaving Ting swamped behind the counter. As Redding passed through the door he waved to her. Sam was seated at his usual table preoccupied with correcting students’ papers. He hadn’t bothered to look up but must have noticed Redding through his peripheral vision. He raised his hand, motioned for Redding to sit, and then signaled that he was almost finished by holding up his index finger. He was setting one paper aside and reaching for the next when he glanced up. He stared for a moment almost in disbelief and then leaned in to get a closer look at Redding’s shiner.
“Holy Christ! What happened to your eye?” Sam asked.
He had to know that the black eye was no accident, and for Redding that represented a potential minefield. If he wanted to keep his plan from unraveling, he had to take care in what he said. He couldn’t afford to have Sam do anything stupid, like surrendering the painting. So he lied from start to finish.
He passed the whole incident off as a minor scrape between himself and Joran. He never said a word about the Chinese boys, the severity of the beating, or the threats. He didn’t like lying to Sam, but Sam didn’t exactly have the stomach for that kind of thing.
“He came up behind me and threw a solid one,” Redding said. “Don’t worry. He’s not going to try that again.”
“How can you be so sure?” Sam asked.
“Well, he’s not about to risk deportation, not while the painting is still in China. Besides, I told him I might be open to a partnership arrangement if he’s got a buyer. He’ll eventually figure out that I’m not serious, but by then it will be too late.”
“So you’re thinking maybe another couple of days?” Sam asked.
Redding nodded and Sam seemed a little more at ease, but he continued to pick away at some of the lesser details surrounding the fight. Redding continued to supply answers, but the longer the discussion lasted the more likely he would be caught lying. So he tried to shift the conversation away from the beating.
“So, how’s Lin Ming?”
“Just forget about her! For Christ’s sake, it’s over.”
That was pretty much the response that Redding had expected, but asking the question did provide an effective shift. It put Sam off his concerns, but only until Ting arrived at the table. Then she made a big fuss about his eye. She wasn’t so concerned about how he had received the black eye, but how it should be concealed. She disappeared behind the counter only to return a minute later with a small jar of base makeup. She handed the jar to Redding.
“Just dab a little there and there,” she said while pointing to the darkened area under his eye. “Then, lightly smooth it out with your finger.”
“If you still want me, I could teach English tomorrow?” Redding asked Sam, taking another stab at changing the subject.
As if the black eye had never happened, Sam instantly resumed his role as a teacher. He immediately launched into a class-by-class synopsis of lesson plans. Imposed over the lesson plans was a convoluted schedule that seemed to make little sense. Redding feigned interest as Sam expounded on educational theories, and only half listened to the longwinded dialog about the usage of proper English in the classroom. He quietly suffered the lecture, but at least Sam’s concerns about the beating had been sidetracked.
Three steaming bowls of soup with noodles were delivered to the table. Redding had made an offer to buy dinner, but apparently Ting couldn’t leave the teahouse. He lifted the spoon from the bowl and slowly slurped the soup while Sam continued with his never-ending monologue about teaching. Still feeling the effects of the pummeling to his midsection, his stomach accepted only small quantities of soup at a time.
He may not have completely waylaid Sam’s fears, but at least Sam was sufficiently distracted. Redding forced down a few more noodles. His issues with Sam were manageable, but that wasn’t what worried him. He still had a deep-seated uneasiness about running into the Chinese bikers again.



Chapter Twenty-Seven


Redding had gone to bed thinking he was none the worse for the thrashing, but it wasn’t until the next morning that he understood the severity of the beating. He dragged his aching body out of bed, slowly reawakening all of the muscles that had tightened during the night. The welts across the back of his legs were especially painful, making it nearly impossible just to hobble to the bathroom. It took an application of ointment and ten minutes of painful stretching before he was finally able to walk with a degree of normalcy.
He stood in front of the bathroom mirror and reassessed his injuries. He was pleased that there had been some overnight improvements. The welts had pretty much given up their swollen tissue for a lesser form. He pressed his fingers against the bruising on his chest and midsection, which produced a moderate level of pain. He closely inspected the engorged blackened tissue just below his eye. The swelling had mostly subsided, but the discoloration was even more pronounced. Then, as if right on cue, the image was in the mirror.
“Well, Mr. Cello. What surprises do you have for me today?”
Redding had fallen asleep dreaming of Lin Ming, but sometime during the night she had faded away and the cellos returned.
He showered using only lukewarm water so as not to irritate the welts. After drying off, he applied ointment only to the areas where the skin had been lacerated. When he finished with the welts he turned his attention to his black eye. He leaned in close to the mirror and spread a thin layer of the base makeup that Ting had given him across the discolored tissue. He dabbed an extra amount onto the darker areas, but on close examination it did little to hide the damage. He hated that he had been reduced to using cosmetics, but he understood the necessity. Redding stepped back from the mirror and took a second look. At a distance, the discoloration had all but vanished under the opaque concealment. If he wore a pair of reading glasses, few would ever notice the shiner.

* * *

The hotel’s circular drive was lined with taxis, but Redding held off his departure. Only a day into the healing process, he wasn’t about to take any unnecessary chances. He scanned his immediate surroundings and assessed the street traffic and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. His intention was always to be cognizant of his surroundings, never letting down his guard. Adhering to that one precautionary measure could make all the difference in staving off another ambush.
Nothing unusual transpired between the hotel and the school. Thirty minutes later he was poised at the lectern of a fourth-grade class. A nervous agitation coursed its way through him, but it was his own fault. Out of desperation to obtain the painting, he had obligated himself to teach English. Originally it had seemed like an acceptable tradeoff, and it did solidify Sam’s participation in the luggage scheme, but Redding wasn’t without regret. He slowly began to work his way through the lesson plan. Nearly ten minutes passed before he could allow himself to relax. The students had either not noticed his black eye or they didn’t care. With their young faces focused on him, they all seemed receptive to the material he was presenting. For the first time, and only for a brief moment, he actually thought of himself as a teacher.
Following the fourth-grade class, he moved to the third grade and then to a fifth-grade class before the lunch break. He ate with Sam and all the while received additional pointers on teaching English. After lunch his next assignment was the first-grade class.
As with the previous classes, his attention was drawn into the gaze of the students from the moment he entered the room. He approached the lectern, opened the lesson plan, and quickly glanced around the room. On one side of the classroom was a row of windows and on the other side was a bulletin board that displayed students’ work. At the front of the classroom, posted above the blackboard, was the obligatory picture of Mao Zedong and a Chinese flag and across the back of the classroom were shelves for the students’ belongings. That had been the standard for all of the classrooms with one exception. In the first-grade classroom, hanging high on the back wall above the shelves and wrapped in clear plastic, was the painting “A Man with a Cello.”
The sight of the painting hanging on the rear wall, although well out of reach, gave him the shivers. It had been a bold move on Sam’s part to hang the painting there. The classroom offered limited protection, but no one other than the first-grade teacher and her charges would ever see it. When Sam said the painting was hidden where no one would expect to find it, he wasn’t kidding. It was certainly the last thing Redding expected to see hanging in a classroom. He pulled his thoughts together and focused his attention on the lesson plan.



Chapter Twenty-Eight


It was still early afternoon when Lin Ming returned from work. The moment she came through the door and her eyes met Mei’s her fears were confirmed. Father hadn’t directly stated his intentions, but she knew what he had planned. He meant to arrange another marriage for her. It had nothing to do with traditional values. This was about the night she had spent with Redding, or more specifically, with someone who wasn’t Chinese. She had worried about the outcome of Father’s meeting all day long. Every time she thought about it the bitter taste of burnt congee rose in the back of her throat. Even before Mei had said a word she knew what had transpired.

* * *

The day started badly and had gotten worse. The congee that morning had been burnt. It was so unlike Mei to ruin a meal. Congee should have had a light and delicate flavor, but it had been scorched in the pan. The taste was distinctly bitter and harsh. It wasn’t clear if Mei even knew that the congee had been burnt. She rarely ever ate breakfast. Like Ching and Father, Lin Ming muddled her way through the meal, stirring the congee as if it were too hot and gingerly eating spoonfuls until she could stomach no more. It seemed peculiar that Mei didn’t even notice the horrid expressions that accompanied each spoonful. Still, no apologies were made and no one complained.
Relieved that the breakfast had ended, Lin Ming had headed to the tour office. She had handled the booking and scheduling while Ching had assisted Father in attending to a personal matter. When Ching finally arrived at the tour office, he never said a word about what Father had done. Lin Ming thought to ask and he would have told her, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to know. The whole day seemed like a bad dream. If it had been possible, she would have completely erased the last twenty-four hours.

* * *

Only the night before, they had just finished dinner and were sipping tea when Father launched into one of his tirades. He delivered the long-winded discourse with all the intensity and passion he could muster. It was centered on the importance of retaining the traditions of one’s culture, but as his discourse progressed, his true intentions were laid bare. His intended target of that particular rant had been Lin Ming. She sat directly across the table from Father, but her eyes were focused downward onto her bowl. Ching sat across from Mei, neither listening to nor caring what Father said. He just stared off into space, grinding his teeth every few minutes, but that didn’t derail Father from his message. Mei rose from the table, seemingly unaffected by the whole rant. She lifted the hot water from the stove and refilled the teapot before returning to the table.
The underlying message of Father’s rant was the value of an arranged marriage. He even alluded to the fact that he had arranged Ching and Mei’s marriage. A marriage that was as vibrant as it was durable. He emphasized the importance of passing these values down to their children, even though Ching and Mei were childless. Lin Ming lifted her head just long enough to make eye contact with Mei, but still Mei said nothing. Father’s long-winded rants weren’t unusual, but it was unusual for Mei to remain quiet. Hers was the voice of logic that was all too often missing from his lectures.
Father used his tirades as a means to reassert his waning authority over the household, but his empty words were usually forgotten within hours. This time, more determined to have his way, he had taken a different tack. He had used Ching as his intermediary. Days before, they had huddled in a private conversation, much to Mei’s annoyance. If she came within earshot, Father and Ching would sit back in their chairs and act as though the conversation had just ended.
Father would have been loath to admit it, but Mei was the head of the household. She had an uncanny way of influencing family decisions, yet she was neither imposing nor overbearing. She was a simple, ordinary woman with wire-rimmed glasses that fit her face poorly. Individually, her features were pleasant enough, but collectively, she wasn’t at all attractive. Her hair was cut straight across at the neckline and her daily attire consisted of a blouse over Mao styled black pants. In spite of her subtle mannerisms, she possessed a deep-seated tenaciousness and wasn’t someone to be crossed.

* * *

Upon arriving home and having her fears confirmed, Lin Ming stood frozen in place. Mei took her by the hand and led her to a chair at the kitchen table. Then, she spoke to her quietly so not to wake Father from his nap. Even though Mei tried to dampen the impact of Father’s actions, Lin Ming only heard every other word. Mei said that Ching and Father had left that morning to meet someone. When they returned, Father had said that he had arranged a marriage. The intended groom was actually someone Mei knew. Someone a few years shy of Father’s own age. He was a businessman, known for his ruthless tactics and foul temper. Mei also said something about poor health, but Lin Ming was no longer listening. News of the arrangement was not surprising, but that didn’t lessen the disappointment. At first, Lin Ming found it difficult to respond. Her lips quivered and her hands trembled, which caused tea to spill from her cup. Mei held her hand and tried to console her with reassuring words.
“I will put an end to this arrangement, and don’t worry about Father or Ching. They will be careful what they say,” Mei said. “And I’m sorry about the congee this morning. It wasn’t meant for you.”
“You burned the congee on purpose?”
“It was necessary. Ching and Father were ignoring me. I had to make sure that they were still listening,” Mei said.
She didn’t offer any real explanation for her actions, but Lin Ming knew that she took exception to being excluded from family matters.
“Now, tell me about your American, with the strong face and wild eyes,” Mei said. “Are you in love with him?”
“How can you ask that?” Lin Ming gasped. “He’s not part of my life anymore. He’s the reason I’m in this mess.”
“But you spent the night with him.”
“Well, I shouldn’t have. It was a mistake,” Lin Ming said defensively.
“So, are you in love with him?”
Lin Ming said nothing. She just looked away, not wanting to make eye contact with Mei. There was no point in denying that she had feelings for Redding. Even though she tried not to think about him, he always managed to find his way into her thoughts. She thought about the times they spent together. Not so much about the things they said, or the places they went, or even that passionate night, but how it felt just being with him. She could see him clearly in her mind. It was a warm day in the Administrator’s Garden. They were holding hands and sitting on a stone bench near a plum tree that was in full blossom.
“What feeling do you hold inside?” Mei pressed for an answer.
“Does it make any difference what I feel? The marriage has already been arranged. Anyway, Redding will return to America soon.”
“I told you not to worry about the marriage. Now, what was it like to sleep with him?”
Lin Ming froze in horror, absolutely stunned by Mei’s forwardness. Even Mei was red faced, but she continued to push until Lin Ming provided an answer.
“You remember when you and Ching were first married, and there were noises from your room?” Lin Ming asked.
“Of course I remember,” Mei said.
In the early days of her marriage to Ching, not only had they made enough noise to wake the household, but also even the neighbors complained. Eventually, they learned to temper their passion, but there was still the problem of the incessantly squeaking bed frame.
“It was like that,” Lin Ming said.
“Then, it was nothing like your marriage to Yang?”
Lin Ming only shook her head.
Although sporadic, the times that she had slept with Yang had left her feeling nauseated, dirty, and undesirable. After he died it had been her intention never to lie with another man again. She had fully intended to live her life as an unmarried woman, and then came that first kiss in Wuzhen. It was unexpected, as were the feelings that followed.
“When Ching and I were married, I didn’t know what to expect,” Mei said. “Naturally, I was afraid, but that first night together, it was as though we had always known each other. He isn’t just my husband. He’s a part of me that can’t ever be divided. Is that how it felt to be with the American?”
Lin Ming shrugged, and then slowly nodded.
“When you told him you couldn’t see him anymore, did you tell him why?”
Lin Ming shook her head under Mei’s constant stare.
“You must tell him,” Mei said. “He should know the truth. Otherwise, he will blame himself and always wonder what he did wrong. Don’t worry, Father will never know.”
Lin Ming steadfastly held her seat, far from being convinced that seeing Redding was a good idea. Mei immediately sensed the reluctance, so she approached the issue from a slightly different direction.
“I know that you think it’s a bad idea to see him, but I know something that you don’t know.” Mei paused for a moment before continuing. “It’s not his feelings I am worried about. It’s yours. You must tell him why you can’t see him and you must tell him what is in your heart. Otherwise, you will always hold some regret inside and you will never know happiness no matter whom you marry.”
“You can’t ask me to do that. Everything is already so complicated and that will just make things worse.” Lin Ming said.
Whenever Father’s angry rants had unbalanced the family, it was always Mei who had set the household back on a solid foundation, but that no longer seemed to be the case. Instead of easing the tension, she seemed to be antagonizing the situation.
“When your marriage to Yang ended, you were unsure about your life. I showed you compassion and understanding and I made this your home again,” Mei said, and then the tone of her voice became stronger. “I protected you from Father. I cared for you. I helped you find your life and happiness and I have never asked you for anything. So you will do this for me. You will go see your American, and when you return, I will only have to see your face and I will know. Now hurry and change before Father wakes.”
“Why should I change?” Lin Ming said as she looked at her tour company uniform, but Mei had already disappeared into the hallway of the two-bedroom apartment. When she returned, she was holding a yellow print dress that had previously been badly stained. Lin Ming had already spent an hour on the stain before deciding it was a lost cause.
“This is more appropriate.” Mei twirled the dress front to back to display its unmarred condition. “There’s not a stain anywhere.”
It couldn’t have been coincidental that the dress was cleaned the same day she was asked to meet Redding. Mei definitely had a plan. That much Lin Ming was sure of, but she couldn’t quite grasp what Mei was trying to accomplish. She took hold of the dress knowing that Mei had to have worked on it for hours in order to remove the stain.
Her feelings for Redding were real enough, but a relationship was neither practical nor realistic. She thought she had buried her feelings, but Mei had dragged them back to the surface. Still, no amount of manipulation or coercion on Mei’s part was likely to dissuade Father from forcing the arranged marriage. Lin Ming was overwhelmed by a feeling of foreboding and it seemed pointless to fight the inevitable. Her life was more complicated than even Mei knew, and she had neither the strength nor the courage to explain.



Chapter Twenty-Nine


Redding was pleased with his efforts in the classroom, but mostly he was relieved that the school day had ended. He passed several students outside. Some faces were recognizable, but most were not. It didn’t make any difference; those he did recognize he couldn’t place in any particular classroom. They would say, “Hello, Mr. Teska,” and he’d simply respond with a smile and a nod.
A small contingency of parents and grandparents waited just inside the gate for their children. As Redding left, he nodded politely to those who made eye contact. As he passed through the gate, he turned in the direction of Xi Huan Road. There, he would have a much easier time finding a taxi.
“Redding?” a familiar voice said somewhere behind him.
Redding turned around, and standing on the other side of the gate next to the wall was Lin Ming. He stood for a full moment just gazing at her while an afternoon breeze played with her hair and ruffled her dress. He saw her smile, fleeting and shy, the same one he had come to know.
“Not that I’m complaining, but I wasn’t expecting to see you here.”
“I know, but I need to talk to you. Maybe we could go for a walk,” she said, as if unsure how he would respond.
As they headed in a direction that took them away from Xi Huan Road, he could still hear her words at the train station, loud in his head. She had said that under no circumstance was he to make contact with her, nor would she be able to see him. He wondered what had caused her to change her mind.
“You will be leaving China soon and you deserve to know why I refused you.”
“Sure, we can talk about that, but first I want to ask you something,” Redding interrupted. He was pretty sure he knew the reason why she had left so abruptly, and he was more than willing to listen to whatever explanation was offered, but that wasn’t what he really wanted to know. “Do you know an art dealer from New York? A guy named Joran.”
“Yes, I remember him. He joined a group tour about a week before you came to Suzhou,” Lin Ming said.
“That day in the old city, when we saw him on the street, why didn’t you say so?”
“I didn’t think it was important. I thought maybe he was just being jealous.”
“Why would he be jealous?”
“The day after the tour, he came to the office and invited me to dinner, but I told him it wouldn’t be possible. I told him that my family would never approve.”
“You didn’t sleep with him, did you?”
“What? You think I slept with him?” Lin Ming demanded. “Why would you think such a thing?”
Redding knew he had screwed up. He never should have asked the question, but for some stupid reason he had. He saw the hurt look on her face, but there wasn’t any way to take back the question.
“I’m sorry! It was just something he said.” He cursed himself for his lapse in judgment. Joran had set him up and he had fallen head first into the lie.
“I thought you said you didn’t know him,” Lin Ming said, obviously riled.
“We recently met, but we’re not friends or anything. We just kind of ran into each other. That’s all,” Redding said. “So what were you saying, something about refusing me?”
“Yes, I should explain,” she began, and then her voice just trailed off as if she were suddenly distracted. Her eyes were focused directly on his face.
“What happened to your eye?”
“Oh, that? It’s nothing serious, just a little shiner that I picked up while I was jogging. Next time I’ll be more careful.” He wasn’t sure how much he wanted to tell her about the past few days, but telling her about the beating seemed like a really bad idea. “So, how did you know I was going to be at the school?”
“I went to Tae House and Ting said you were teaching.”
“Yeah, I thought I would give it another try. Overall, I’d say it went well,” he said. “You know, I can actually sense when I’m connecting with the students. It’s like I can tell when they’re grasping the material and I’m pretty sure they like me.”
In a moment of reflection he saw himself back in the classroom. Seated before him were young students with their faces intently focused on him, waiting to absorb any knowledge he might impart. He could hear the students repeating his words and zeroing in on the pronunciation. It left him with a feeling of accomplishment.
“Of course, it’s important to be liked,” she chided him. “But you are there to teach English and they are there to learn.”
Although the remark had been made warmly and with a smile, there was an aura of sadness about her that Redding saw in her eyes. It wasn’t until that moment that he realized just how much he had missed her.

* * *

Their direction seemed aimless and without purpose other than that it led them away from Xi Huan Road. He wondered if this was an attempt to minimize a chance encounter with someone she might know. He didn’t care where they were headed as long as he was able to spend time with her.
“I need to explain something.” Ling Ming paused. “It’s important to me that you understand my situation. When Yang died, I had nowhere to go, so I moved back to Suzhou. My father blamed me for my unhappy marriage. He says that I didn’t do enough to make it a good one. Now he has decided to arrange another marriage. He says that I’m not capable of making decisions for myself.”
“You can’t possibly believe that?” Redding said. “I may not know much about Chinese culture, but your father is full of crap.”
“Redding, please! You’re the reason he says I make bad decisions.”
The obvious suddenly became clear and he felt stupid for not realizing that her impending marriage was all because of the night they had spent together.
“You don’t know my father, and telling you this isn’t easy. He has a narrow view of life and he has always asserted his influence over the family. Father still believes that he is the head of the household and should have the final say in all matters.” Lin Ming stopped just long enough to take a breath and sweep the hair from her face. “I work at the tour company as my contribution to the household, and sometimes Ching gives me money for clothing or expenses, but I own nothing. I live in a house that is dominated by my father, so if I am told to marry I will have no choice.”
They had reached the next corner and still Lin Ming didn’t seem to have any set destination. She said nothing and Redding patiently waited while she collected her thoughts. They turned and walked along a quiet, tree-lined street. Some of the trees still held their autumn colors while others had already shed their leaves.
“My father won’t care if I am happy or not, as long as I’m married. The man he has chosen for me is old and his health is bad. I’m sure Father thinks that he will leave me money when he dies, but Mr. Wang is not that kind of a person. He has children older than me and they will fight for his money and take everything,” Lin Ming said, wiping away tears that had begun to form. As she continued, bitterness rose in her voice. “To be married just for the sake of being married is wrong, isn’t it? I don’t think Mr. Wang needs a wife. He just wants someone to take care of him, someone that’s obligated by marriage.”
They had been walking so slowly that they eventually came to a complete stop. Nearby, a little boy was riding a tricycle with a little girl standing on the crossbar behind him, under the watchful eye of a grandparent.
Lin Ming continued on about her father and his insistence that she marry Mr. Wang. There was a profound sadness in her voice as she talked about the arrangement. Money was supposedly the reason that her father insisted on the marriage, but there was another unspoken reason. Her father knew that she was attracted to Redding, and he wasn’t about to allow any such relationship.
She turned her head to watch a breeze send leaves scattering down the street, and then in the direction of the two children who were now arguing over possession of the tricycle.
“What kind of a marriage is that?” Ling Ming asked rhetorically.
Redding didn’t answer. He just put his arms around her and pulled her in close. She laid her head on his shoulder.
The little boy and girl had taken to yelling at each other as they fought in earnest over the tricycle. Redding had had enough of the fussing children, so he and Lin Ming continued walking.
They turned onto a small but busy street. He tried to find the right words to comfort her, but everything in his head sounded wrong. If it had been any other time, he would have told her everything that he held inside. There were a lot of things he wanted to say but couldn’t, not while she was struggling with so much uncertainty. When they had walked far enough, they stopped unintentionally and directly across from an old hotel.



Chapter Thirty


The Savory Hotel stood at the end of the long street. Splayed across the entrance was a marquee in both Chinese and English that proclaimed its existence. The hotel was something of an albatross both in appearance and location. Situated well outside the commercial district, it seemed like an unusual fit for the neighborhood. It was only five stories in height, but it dwarfed the neighboring buildings. At one time the stately building may have been some exclusive resort, but that was no longer true. Aside from peeling paint and its portico’s missing tiles, the façade was long overdue for some cosmetic maintenance.
“There’s something unsavory about the Savory Hotel,” Redding said.
“No, no! You must understand my situation,” Lin Ming protested. She knew full well what he had in mind. “Everything is already so complicated and that will only make things worse for me.”
He reached for her hand, but she immediately pulled away. She had said no, but he knew what was in her heart. He held his hand out to her and she paused for a long moment before taking hold. Any resistance that she had summoned quickly fell away. He led her across the street and into the hotel.

* * *

Unlike the exterior of the hotel, the lobby was in immaculate condition, although the décor was utterly outdated. Most of furnishings could have been classified as antiques, and it seemed likely that they had been part of the hotel’s original furnishings.
The man behind the reception desk said the room charge was one thousand yuan, paid in advance, and he didn’t ask any questions. He knew why they were there. It seemed kind of expensive for the few hours of use, but Redding would have paid any amount just to spend some time alone with Lin Ming.

* * *

The room was clean and neat, and the bed was fairly new, but just like the lobby, everything else was outdated. He didn’t mind and Lin Ming didn’t seem to notice. The sun was low in the sky but daylight continued to seep into the room, so he closed the drapes.
In the darkness they found each other under the covers. Redding put his arms around Lin Ming and pulled her close. Her scent was light, sweet, and familiar. It was the scent of gardenias and it reminded him of the first time they made love. The first time had been about discovery and letting themselves become lost in each other. This time it was different, as if they knew this time would be their last. It started intensely the moment their lips met and continued until both were consumed by an indefinably deep passion. In a fervor that seemed to have no end, it was as if nothing else in the world had ever mattered. Just like the first time, there had been an unexplainable depth of feelings. This time, however, there was also an unspoken realization of love. Something they both sensed would fade away before it ever had a chance to deepen. When it was over, they lay against each other in the darkness trying to catch their breath.
“One night, I dreamed I was the cello in the painting.” Redding said, as Lin Ming raised herself up on an elbow and traced the contours of his face with her hand.
“You mean the man playing the cello?”
“No, I mean I was the cello.” He moved his arm back and forth as if he were holding an imaginary bow against his chest.
“Yes, I can see you as a cello.”
It was irksome that his own imagination had already cast him as a cello, but to hear those words from Lin Ming made the cello image even more unsettling. He shrugged off the letdown and continued.
“And I could only play one note, D-flat. Just like the cello in the painting, forever playing that one dull and dismal note.”
“D-flat is dull and dismal?” Lin Ming asked.
“No, not really. It’s just another note on the scale, but it seems like it should be. D-flat, there is no excitement in it. Anyway, you enter my dream and take hold of the cello, and it becomes me.”
“And what does all of this mean?”
“I think it means that my life, up until now, has been just like that cello playing D-flat. My life, my business, hell, everything about me, it’s all D-flat.” Redding took a deep breath before continuing. “What I am trying to say is that I want you to be part of my life.”
Lin Ming laid her head back on the pillow but said nothing. She just stared at the ceiling. That wasn’t the response that he had hoped for or expected.

* * *

Redding had purposely darkened the room, allowing only a wisp of light from under the bathroom door. Shapes and distances were distinguishable, but details were not. As much as he wanted to see Lin Ming, he had to make sure that she didn’t see his welts and bruises. They had taken the room for only three hours, and already it was nearly time to leave. The small bathroom had provided an ample excuse to shower separately. He stayed under the covers while she made first use of the facility. When she had finished, he managed to slip into the bathroom without her noticing the welts. Throughout the day he had felt the pain and soreness of his injuries, but not so much as a twinge while they had been making love.
He had wanted to watch her as she dressed, exposing her soft body and subtle ways. He rushed through the shower and exited the bathroom wearing a shirt, but she was already fully clothed.
“You didn’t tell me. Did you get your painting?” she asked.
She had little interest in the painting and he knew it. Her query was only an attempt to distract him and offset any additional advances.
“Sort of; there’s not much to tell,” Redding said. He had hoped to avoid the subject completely.
“You sort of got the painting?”
“Well, it is kind of complicated.” He paused. “Lin Ming, I just want…”
“Redding, please don’t!” She already knew what he was about to say. “You will be leaving for America soon. You will have your friends and your business, and very soon, you will forget about us. About me.”
“I can find a place for you to live so you won’t have to be under your family’s thumb. They won’t be able to tell you what to do and I’ll take care of the rent.”
“You would keep me from my family? They are all that I have!”
A chasm had opened between them and he had all but fallen in. He tried to back his way out of the conversation with an apology, but it did little to help. He even tried to put his arms around her but she backed away.
“Let’s just say goodbye and leave it at that,” she said, reaching to wipe the tears that were forming in her eyes. “Please, don’t make this more difficult.”

* * *

They left the hotel walking side by side, but there was an unspoken distance between them. Lights from the hotel entrance provided the only relief from the slightly disorienting darkness. Blustery winds and cool temperatures had displaced the warm breezes of the afternoon. Anticipating a fare, a lone taxi slowly inched forward, waiting to be signaled. Lin Ming stared into Redding’s eyes as if she had something to say, but then she turned and motioned for the taxi. He stepped from the curb and opened the passenger door. She started to climb in but suddenly reversed direction. The driver was riled that he might lose a fare and yelled something, but she ignored him. She looked into Redding’s eyes.
“I was wrong. I never should have come to see you,” she said. “I was wrong to let myself become involved with you. My life was good and I was happy, but now I will have nothing but emptiness and misery. I don’t blame you. I only blame myself.”
Her words seemed unfairly harsh. Although she attempted to shoulder the blame, Redding couldn’t ignore the underlying meaning in her words.
“You’re not being fair to yourself or to me. There’s nothing wrong with two people loving each other.”
“Please, don’t say anymore,” she said. There was a profound sadness in her eyes, but strangely, there weren’t any tears. “You will leave China soon and I will still be here. There’s no future for us.”
She climbed back into the taxi and pulled the door closed before he had a chance to say anything else. If there was something he could have said that would have made a difference, he didn’t know what it was. He watched as the taxi disappeared into traffic, but her fragrance, her touch, her skin, and everything about her was still fresh in his mind.
As he waited for a taxi, images of the past few hours ran through his head absent of any intensity. The images offered of their shared passion seemed empty when contrasted with Lin Ming’s goodbye. Suddenly, he was startled from his thoughts when a motorcycle revved up. He spun in the direction of the motorcycle and instinctively assumed a defensive posture only to face a false alarm. It was a young couple with a toddler sandwiched between them. He relaxed his posture, although every nerve in his body stood ready. He knew better than to become complacent about his surroundings. Still, he wouldn’t have traded the distractions of the afternoon for anything. He made a quick assessment of all activity in his vicinity and there wasn’t anything that he considered threatening. He buttoned his coat against the biting wind and waited, but there wasn’t a taxi to be had anywhere.



Chapter Thirty-One


The thought had taken root in Sam’s head even before they had possession of the painting. Steal what had already been stolen. He knew any discussion with Ting would have been premature. His leanings were conservative, if not suspicious, while she was somewhat liberal and impulsive, so he just kept the thought to himself. A number of factors had to be considered before raising the subject with Ting. The primary one centered on the finder’s fee. The exact amount of the finder’s fee was unknown, as were the individuals willing to pay. Still, there were other concerns, such as transporting the article out of the country, and what if the painting wasn’t even genuine? He had turned the thought over in his head a dozen times but the practical issues were overwhelming. Stealing the painting also presented a sizable negative. If anything went wrong, they would collect nothing, or worse, they might even be arrested. Without ever saying a word to Ting, Sam discarded the idea. He would settle for Redding’s assurance that they would collect twenty-five-thousand dollars when the exchange was made.

* * *

After the morning crowd had dissipated, leaving the teahouse virtually empty, Ting finished in the kitchen and then sat with a cup of tea. The only thing on her mind was collecting the twenty-five thousand dollars. She was irritated that Redding still hadn’t delivered the money and she couldn’t imagine what was taking him so long. Two whole days had already passed and that should have been more than enough time.
She was still fuming over the delay when the thought first popped into her head. Steal what had already been stolen. Whether it was morally right or wrong wasn’t even a consideration. As far as she was concerned, it was only business. She spent a good portion of the day thinking about it. They could steal the painting outright or they could renegotiate with Redding. She wasn’t exactly sure how they should handle the finer details. Those decisions she would leave to Sam, but first, she had to convince him. She fully expected some resistance, so she rehearsed her argument in advance.

* * *

That evening, Sam was his usual self, complaining about school administrators and the indignities he had to suffer. He settled into his table at the back of the teahouse and waited for dinner to be served. Ting only had to listen in order to soothe his ego, but that wasn’t her intent. With his favorite meal of macaroni and cheese mixed with slices of Italian sausage, she lulled him into a satiated and quieter mood. Then she offered her thoughts, doled out piecemeal as arguments, as if they were the final course. There wasn’t anything complicated about her idea. They only had to steal the painting, which they already had, and collect the finder’s fee for themselves. That’s when Sam’s resistance surfaced.
“I’ve already given this a lot of thought. I’ve been thinking about it nonstop for the last two days. We don’t even know if the painting is real. Not to mention all the other reasons we don’t want to do this. We don’t know anything about the finder’s fee, like who’s going to pay it, or what happens if we get caught with the painting. What are we going to say? ‘Oh, we just happened to find it.’ We never should have gotten involved with Redding, anyway. So, let’s just collect our twenty-five thousand and say goodbye.”
“He’s cheating us,” Ting said. “We took so much risk and we only get twenty-five thousand dollars. That’s really unfair. Without us, he wouldn’t even have the painting.”
She argued vehemently that the painting was already stolen and they had been key participants. At the very least they were entitled to two-thirds of the finder’s fee. Her logic may have been flawed, but she was determined not to back down. Under constant haranguing Sam finally folded, but with one stipulation. He said he would reconsider the idea only after he had done some research. Ting interpreted that to mean that she had won.
Before they made off with the painting, there were some basic issues that couldn’t be ignored. The first was their lack of knowledge regarding the finder’s fee. They didn’t have a clue as to who had offered the reward, nor did they know the amount. The only thing they did know for sure was that Redding was keeping a larger percentage for himself. He had mentioned something about a museum that held an option on the painting, but he never actually said which museum. That one vital piece of information he had kept to himself. Their only real option would involve a comprehensive search of museums on the Internet. If that failed to produce the desired results, then they would have to settle for the original twenty-five thousand.
The only other complication stemmed from not knowing when Redding planned to exchange the twenty-five thousand for the painting. It could happen as soon as that night or even the next day. If they had not uncovered the specifics surrounding the finder’s fee by the time Redding came for the painting, then their efforts were pointless.

* * *

Well before closing the teahouse had all but emptied. Sam was sequestered at his table, methodically perusing the Internet. So Ting left an employee to watch the service counter while she dashed out on an errand. In the ten minutes that she had been away, the teahouse had nearly filled to capacity. Her employee was frantically trying to keep up with the surge in business but already customers were complaining. Ting had no sooner entered the café than she realized what was taking place. She immediately dropped a cardboard box, some pieces of foam, and a roll of box tape that she had been carrying on the floor and headed for the service counter.
In dumping the packing materials she had caused such a disruption that nearly everyone in the teahouse took notice, including Sam. He shook his head and winced in disbelief. It wasn’t likely that Redding would have stopped by, but if he had, they would have been found out. The cardboard box and foam pieces all but announced their intentions. Sam collected the packing materials and found a temporary home for them behind the service counter. He would move the supplies to the school in the morning.

* * *

After closing the teahouse a half hour early, Ting sent her employee home. Then she busied herself by wiping down the tables and service counter while Sam continued the search. He had refined his parameters, but the heavy traffic on the Internet had stalled any real progress. He had been searching for more than four hours and hadn’t generated a single solid lead for the finder’s fee. When Ting finished cleaning the teahouse, she sat down next to Sam. She watched and waited as he navigated his way through site after site.
Half a dozen individuals had arrived by motorcycle. They lingered outside the café, arguing and flicking their lit cigarette butts at each other. One of them continuously pulled on the locked door as if expecting someone to let them in.
“You stupid people, we are closed!” Ting yelled in their direction. She started toward the door, waving her hands over her head to indicate that Tae House was closed.
The refused individual backed away from the front door, but the group continued to mill around outside. In spite of their loud and disruptive behavior, Sam ignored them. His whole attention was mired deep in the search, sampling site after site.
“What if Lin Ming finds out about this? She will be very angry with us.” Ting’s concern had suddenly shifted.
“How’s she going to find out? She’s not seeing Redding anymore,” Sam said.
“She was here today. She asked about Redding.”
“It doesn’t make any difference.”
“What if Redding comes here and makes trouble?” Ting said.
“Why would he do that? He won’t know who took the painting. Hell, he saw it hanging there in the classroom. Anybody could have walked off with it. And it’s not like he can go to the police. What would he tell them? Somebody took his stolen painting. There’s nothing to worry about. He’s not going to make any trouble.”
Sam had hung the painting in the classroom only as a means of distancing himself from the artwork. Leaving the painting at the teahouse was asking for trouble and he wasn’t comfortable storing the stolen artwork at home. The classroom provided a safe enough environment, but it wasn’t completely without risk. He hadn’t given it much thought at the time, but in hindsight storing the painting in a classroom was a brilliant move. He would tell Redding that the painting had been taken some time during the night and let him draw his own conclusions. He had taken the painting from the art dealer, so it only made sense that the art dealer had turned the tables.
The loud and unruly behavior outside progressively ground to a halt as individual bikers departed. Ting had tried to busy herself in the back of the teahouse while Sam continued to sift through the Internet. Every so often she would slide behind him to gauge what progress had been made.
“Did you find it yet?”
“Not yet, and I’ve logged on to just about every museum and art library in North America. I’ve even tried an art conservatory and some bibliotheca in Spain,” Sam said.
“What are we going to do?” Ting asked as she stood behind Sam, gently massaging his shoulders and neck.
“We’ll look a little deeper in Europe.”
He had started with the United States and Canada before delving into Spain, eliminating one country after another. His process was meticulous, searching every viable source that might possibly return the desired results. There had been a few false leads that originally seemed promising, but they quickly dead-ended. After exhausting Spain, he moved onto England. England also failed to yield any real leads, but it did produce an article about the authentication process.
“What exactly is the authentication process?” Ting had taken to hovering over Sam.
“It’s a process used to determine if a work of art is genuine. In other words, it’s not a copy or a fraud.”
“Why are you wasting time on that? If we don’t find out who’s willing to pay for that painting, it won’t make any difference whether it’s real or not.”
Ting sat down next to Sam. She leaned against him and tried to rest her head on his shoulder. Every time he typed something into the computer, he moved, and every time she had drifted into a state of near sleep she was jostled awake. She had had enough of Sam’s shoulder. She lowered her head onto the table in the cradle of her arms and closed her eyes.
The street traffic had dwindled to nothing. The disruptive bikers were long gone and Ting had fallen asleep. The teahouse had taken on a late-hour quietness that Sam much preferred. He gave up on Italy and honed in on the larger cities of France. If that failed, then he would redirect his efforts towards Belgium, Germany, and the Netherlands.

* * *

Ting sneezed and awoke.
“What time is it?” She raised her head, stretched her arms, and yawned.
Sam didn’t answer. His full concentration was held by something on the computer, so she pulled at his arm to get a look at his watch.
“Oh, my God! We’re going to be so tired tomorrow.”
Her eyes drifted to the computer screen. It took her a moment to realize that there was something familiar about the text.
“Is that the same article on authentication?”
Sam nodded.
“You’re wasting valuable time on that?”
“Ting, I already found the finder’s fee. It’s at Le Musee Angladon in Avignon, France. They’re the ones offering the reward,” Sam said. “The reason I came back to this article is because the authentication process directly affects us. For some works of art to be declared authentic, it can take upwards of a year or more. There are actually paintings out there that have never been authenticated. It generally requires a consensus of art experts. That means that the painting is studied by a panel of experts, usually art curators that are recognized in some specific field of art, maybe, like oil paintings. They study the painting’s style and technique and even the brush strokes. Then, they delve into any historical information that might be available for comparison, and they even study other works of art by the same artist. There are literally dozens of criteria that come into play during the whole process.”
“What does this mean to us?” she asked.
“It means we could be waiting a year or more to collect the money.”
“That’s a long time. We need the money now! What are we going to do?”
“What can we do?” Sam said. “We don’t even know if the painting is real. Hell, China is full of people that do nothing all day long but copy famous paintings.”
Neither was willing to concede defeat, so they ignored the hour and wrestled with their options. Ting tended to lean heavily on the easiest path, always with some impractical solution, while Sam’s approach was somewhat more analytical and pragmatic. She suggested sending a photo of the painting and demanding an advance on the finder’s fee, but Sam dismissed the idea. Every solution suggested was inevitably flawed in one way or another. Sam concluded that nothing could be done on their part to shorten the time frame of the authentication process. They would be at the mercy of Le Musee Angladon. To collect the finder’s fee they would have no choice other than to deliver the painting, but that alone didn’t guarantee anything. There would be questions about how they came into possession of the artwork.
Drafting a credible story that explained their possession of the painting presented a new set of issues. Aside from a plausible explanation, they also lacked tangible evidence that would support their possession. Worn down from exhaustion and frustration, Ting threw her hands up and railed against the system. She was midway through condemning the French when it occurred to her that she didn’t even know the amount of the finder’s fee.
“The money… how much is it?”
“In U.S. dollars, about four hundred thousand!” Sam said, emphasizing the dollar amount.
As if suddenly revitalized, Ting began reexamining the whole impasse, down and through the minutiae in an effort to explain their possession of the artwork.
“We have to do this. It’s so much money. Then we can leave for the United States.”



Chapter Thirty-Two


Like fingernails being drawn across a blackboard, the D-flat note reverberated through Redding’s head with a jarring intensity. It had returned sometime after dinner and stayed well into the night. The monotonous sound possessed a cyclical, yet sadistic quality. It started the cycle at full intensity and over time diminished to a point that he thought the D-flat note might fade away. Then suddenly, it would ramp up to full intensity and the cycle would start again. He took a couple of aspirin and made himself comfortable on the bed. As he lay in the darkness, he tried to think past the jarring echo, but the intensity robbed him of his ability to concentrate. The dull screeching sound seemed to make the back of his eyes hurt, even when his eyes were closed. He tried holding pillows against his ears, but the effort was ineffective. The sound emanated from inside his head, just like everything else. If it wasn’t the reoccurring dream or a mirror image, then it was that damned D-flat note. Vicious and unrelenting, it just went on and on, over and over, forever.
He wasn’t usually given to stress, in spite of the excessive demands of the aircraft-parts business. Under pressure he was a fairly durable individual, but he had known plenty of others that had fallen victim. He certainly wasn’t immune, but for him stress was something of a rare companion. He thrived on the pressure, the deadlines, and the competition, up until the industry had tracked sideways. The dreams, the images, and the D-flat note – all could have been stress, but it didn’t seem right.
Eventually, his consciousness gave way and he drifted into a light sleep. He wasn’t sure how long he had been asleep, but something had caused him to sit upright in bed, fully awakened. He didn’t know if it had been a dream or if it was some other stimulus. He lay back down and struggled to draw out whatever was residing in his subconscious. The only thing he knew for sure was that he hadn’t been awakened by the sound of D-flat. That effect had completely subsided. He wrestled with his thoughts until they began to congeal. Then, as if a catharsis had suddenly taken place, everything seemed clear. The dream of the cellos racing around the track crashing into each other and the distorted image in the mirror were simply a self-reflection. He had been holding onto a distorted impression of his life and failed to recognize its overall impact. He wondered why it hadn’t occurred to him sooner. This wasn’t about stress. This was about the emptiness in his life and the totality of his existence. One that included a failing partnership, a non-existent social life, and the ending strands of a friendship with his ex-wife. His life was an empty vessel, a hollow shell, a cello in abstract without meaning or purpose.
Layer by layer, he stripped away the pretense to face the uncertainty of his future, and one thought stood out more than all the others. Even if Joran came through with the money it wouldn’t solve his partnership problems. If anything, the partnership was already well into the process of disintegration. Yves may have masked his real intentions under the guise of a buyout, but Redding couldn’t blame him for his own shortcomings. Whether the partnership survived or not didn’t really matter. His life was still set on a dead-end course. Exposing his existence bare wasn’t easy, but there were decisions that had to be made. He stared up at the ceiling and began the process of accountability. Where he had been wasn’t so important, but who he was and what he wanted from life now was crucial.

* * *

After a breakfast of coffee and toast, he headed straight for the hotel business center. The time allowed for Joran to transfer the money had expired. If the wire hadn’t come in, then he would contact Le Musee Angladon and make whatever arrangements were necessary for the museum to receive the painting.
On one of the computers he accessed the Yangtze Bank’s website and then entered his account number. When his account appeared on the screen, he was somewhat stunned, but mostly relieved. He just sat there staring at the screen showing his inflated account balance. His ploy for the money had actually worked. Then he typed in the necessary information to access his bank account in the United States. His stateside account also held an additional two hundred fifty thousand dollars.

* * *

Redding had arrived at the bank only minutes after it opened, but it was already crowded. He pulled a number from the dispenser and paced back and forth while he waited. When his number was displayed, he approached the teller’s window and the teller immediately signaled for a supervisor. With a gesture of the supervisor’s hand, he was directed to the last window. He was already familiar with the whole procedure for withdrawing funds. The twenty-five thousand dollars in Chinese currency he had previously withdrawn was still crammed into his room safe. That money was earmarked for Sam and Ting when the exchange was made for the painting.
The teller was midway through explaining that all large withdrawals required advance notice when her supervisor intervened. The two of them conferred privately and as soon as they had finished she turned her attention back to Redding.
“There’s no problem. Your funds will be ready in one hour,” the teller said.
The idea of wasting an hour didn’t sit well with Redding, but it wasn’t as though he had any other choice. As he made himself comfortable in a chair, he set a new leather briefcase on the floor between his legs. He had had the foresight to purchase the briefcase when he realized that the document bag wasn’t nearly sufficient to handle that large a sum of money.
Only forty minutes had passed when he noticed the supervisor gesturing to him from behind the counter. His withdrawal was ready. Under the watchful eye of two supervisors, the teller inspected his identification and signature a second time. When the teller and supervisors were satisfied that all documentation was in order, the equivalency of one hundred thousand U.S. dollars in Chinese currency was set on the counter. He neatly stacked the money into the briefcase.
Outside the bank entrance, he grabbed a taxi for the short jaunt to the train station. He dreaded the whole train ritual, not just the actual transit, but also the waiting, the lines, and the ticket counters. Any other day the whole routine might have pushed him past his limits, but he had some unfinished business in Shanghai that he was anxious to resolve.

* * *

Everything went like clockwork. The train arrived on schedule and he headed directly for Jian’s store. It was already past noon and he worried that Jian might have left for lunch, but that wasn’t the case. The lights were on, the door was unlocked, and Jian was busy parading through the store with a customer in tow.
He moved from one display to another, pulling shirts away from racks and holding them aloft for consideration. His overall demeanor had shifted to a more mature, settled style. Even his appearance edged toward the conservative, with the exception of his hair parted down the center and some ridiculous red-framed glasses. He never actually made eye contact, but Redding knew that Jian was aware of his presence. Even the customer seemed distracted by his standing in their midst, but Jian never acknowledged him. Maybe Jian thought that he would take the hint and leave, but Redding fully intended to wait.
At the front counter, Jian and his customer chatted in Chinese while Jian tabulated the purchases and bagged the selected items. When the transaction was completed, he walked his customer to the door. Gracious to a fault, Jian thanked his customer profusely before saying goodbye. The door closed with a thud and then Jian turned to face Redding. In the slivers of his eyes an icy stare delivered an unwelcome message.
Redding shrugged off the cold reception. He had expected a certain amount of animosity based on their last interaction. He lifted the briefcase as if it were a peace offering.
Jian simply scoffed. He pointed with his finger toward the door.
“You must leave and never come back!”
He started fussing with the manikins as if they needed some immediate attention. They were still dressed exactly as they were the last time Redding was there, with one exception. Instead of carrying Next Trend shopping bags, the manikins now each held small Chinese lanterns in their hands.
Jian’s bitterness was understandable and Redding had no intention of furthering the animosity. The sour reception had caused him to set aside any notion of explaining his presence. He wound his way around the racks and manikins to the back of the store. There, he laid the briefcase on the folding table. A forward look into one of the wall mirrors confirmed that he had Jian’s attention. He unsnapped the latches and opened the briefcase. Then, he took one step to the side and deliberately spun the briefcase a quarter turn. He wanted to make sure that Jian had an unfettered view.
“I’m not sure that I can explain, but this money is yours,” Redding said.
The briefcase full of money held Jian’s attention with vice-like intensity. He stared, stunned and unbalanced. He leaned as if magnetically drawn to the briefcase, somewhat precariously yet frozen in place. Still awkwardly balanced, he stumbled forward, nearly falling. As he moved closer to the money, his breathing became labored and his facial expression morphed from excited to fearful.
“This is for me?” Jian asked while trying to control his hyperventilated breathing.
“Yeah, it’s all yours.” At first, Redding thought Jian’s reactions were almost comical, but as his breathing accelerated, he wondered if Jian might pass out. “Are you going to be all right?”
“I can keep this money?” Jian asked, wanting to assuage his need for reassurance.
Redding nodded. He was pleased that Jian seemed to accept the money, but it didn’t quiet the compelling argument inside him. He didn’t want to admit it, but he had a driving need for some measure of redemption. He wasn’t the one that initially stole the painting, but he was guilty enough. He had set the ransom in motion, and he was the one that determined how the money would be split. Without Jian’s knowledge or permission, he had traded off the painting and trampled his own ethics in the process.
Jian had to know that something unethical had taken place. That much had to be exceedingly obvious. He hadn’t obligated himself, yet he was faced with a choice. Accept the money, which was tantamount to selling the painting, or demand the painting and receive nothing. It wasn’t exactly a choice. He didn’t know who had the painting or where it was, so any claim to the artwork was useless.
Redding didn’t find it easy to justify his actions, but there was one absolute truth. Someday, someone would recognize the painting and Jian would have lost it for sure. If it weren’t someone like Joran, then it probably would have been some government official.
“Why you give me this money?” Jian asked, clearly suspicious. “You said you didn’t take my painting.”
Redding thought about disclosing everything, right down to the last detail. Supposedly, there was no such thing as redemption without full disclosure. His participation in the whole gamut had been absolutely criminal, and yet he was walking away with the largest piece of the pie. If he disclosed everything, it wouldn’t be hard to guess Jian’s reaction.
“I didn’t steal your painting, but I found the guy who did and I convinced him to come up with the money.”
“I know you didn’t steal my painting. I thought maybe you were just bad luck.” Jian said. Then he turned his attention back to the money.
Redding had hoped that Jian’s acceptance of the money would absolve him of his guilt. Jian had never actually agreed to sell the painting, but that day at lunch, he was clearly considering the offer. The hundred thousand was five times more than what Jian would have received if he had sold the painting outright. Redding figured the arrangement was fair enough. If he hadn’t been involved, then Jian would have received nothing.
“All for me, really?” Jian continued to examine the currency.
“Would your grandfather approve?”
“I don’t know! He died a long time ago.”
“So why did you say you wanted his approval?”
“I was negotiating. I wanted a better price,” Jian said while his hands continuously milled through the money. “How much is this?”
“About seven hundred thousand yuan,” Redding said. He paused and took a deep breath. “Look Jian, I haven’t exactly told you the whole truth and you have a right to know.”
“I don’t want to know!” He looked Redding straight in the eyes. “I have a good price for my painting.”
It took a few moments for the actual sum of money to register in Jian’s head. Redding could see his eyes shift from side to side as he traded one thought for another. His demeanor seemed to vacillate between exuberance and paranoia. He slammed the case shut, picked it up and held it across his chest. He wove his way between the racks and then slowly approached the front of the store. From the store window, he surveyed the activity on the street. Satisfied that nothing outside seemed unusual, his fear seemed to ease, but as a precautionary measure he locked the door.
“You can have anything you like,” Jian said as he waved his arm around the store.
“Thanks, but it’s not necessary.”
Redding didn’t even give the offer a second thought. There wasn’t anything in the store that he wanted, nor was it his intention to make Jian feel obligated in any way. He knew Jian’s offer wasn’t meant as some arbitrary gift exchange. It was simply an anemic attempt to encourage him to leave. Any animosity or blame that had existed between them had been erased.
“I know for you the painting is important,” Jian said, still holding the case with both arms wrapped around it. “For me, I like the painting very much, but the money is more important.”
Redding only nodded. There was plenty he could have said, but Jian made it clear that it wasn’t important. It was probably the only redemption that he would receive, and there was relief in knowing that the deal was square.
Jian was amiable enough, but just the way he held the briefcase suggested that he was becoming anxious. He wanted to be alone so he could count the money. Redding moved to the front of the store and said goodbye. Jian quickly ushered him out and locked the door behind him. Then he changed the sign in the window from “Open” to “Closed.”



Chapter Thirty-Three


The inescapable smell of foul Chinese food permeated the interior of the Suzhou bound train. Redding moved from car to car hoping to escape the smell, but it was everywhere. He tried staring out the window as a means of distracting his mind, but the distraction he had hoped for was nonexistent. He stared out at the landscape as the train streamed by, but any beauty that once existed had been stripped away for the sake of commerce. The countryside had been dissected by new highways, ostensibly leading somewhere, and at odd intervals buildings at various stages of construction rose up. The incomplete buildings seemed to overpower the countryside and offered little in the way of distraction. Most of the passengers seemed indifferent to the foul smell and had been lulled into a catatonic state by the swaying motion of the train. Redding was no exception. He felt the lulling effect, but it did little to offset the odor.

* * *

The cool afternoon air of Suzhou was a welcome relief. Redding shook off the drowsy effects of the train and headed straight to his hotel. He couldn’t waste any time, not if he intended to use the daylight. He had to collect the twenty-five thousand locked in his room safe. That money was earmarked for Sam and Ting. After the exchange had been made, he planned to spend a few minutes alone with the painting. He wanted to study every nuance, from soft-edged brush strokes to the complexity of technique, and that would be his only opportunity. He would position the painting near the windows in such a way that it would be illuminated by daylight. The natural lighting would expose the richness of the colors and accent the depth of realism. Only after the color and images had washed over and saturated his mind would he slip the painting back into the portfolio.

* * *

He arrived at the school with barely any daylight left. All class sessions had ended and most of the students had already gone. Sam was on the half court shooting baskets with some of the older students. He waved Redding toward the court, ostensibly to join the game, but Redding continued on to the first-grade classroom. He couldn’t afford to waste the daylight.
The first-grade classroom seemed strangely quiet and lifeless absent its young charges. Although light from the outside streamed through the windows, he automatically reached for the wall switch and flipped on the lights. He glanced around the room, letting his eyes settle on the rear wall. Still wrapped in clear plastic, the painting hung well out of reach. He retrieved a child’s chair and tested it for sturdiness. Satisfied that it would bear his weight, he positioned the chair directly below the painting.
He pulled the document bag off his shoulder and tossed it onto a table. Then, he climbed onto the chair and raised his arms toward the painting. It was barely within reach. He stretched his fingers around the bottom of the painting, but his hold on the outer edges was precarious at best. Without a secure hold he risked prematurely dislodging the artwork and possibly sending it crashing to the floor. The thought of damaging the painting sent chills down his spine. He repositioned the chair closer to the wall for a second attempt. Balanced on the chair, he pressed his body against the wall and rose on the balls of his feet. His second attempt provided him with a much better hold. He lifted the painting from its anchor and allowed it to descend while his fingers gripped its outer edges. Once the painting was safely in his hands, he stepped down from the chair.
The fading light that streamed through the windows was concentrated on only one side of the classroom. Redding propped the painting on a chair and positioned it to take full advantage of the natural light. Wanting to eliminate the harsh glare of fluorescent lighting, he switched off one half of the lights. After the layers of plastic wrap were removed, he made a cursory inspection for damage. The painting was void of any surface damage or mechanical cracks that would have been caused by an external impact. The colors were still quite brilliant, although years of dust and nicotine were imbedded in the paint. Overall, the painting’s condition was nothing short of remarkable given that it had spent years in questionable environments.
Sam appeared at the doorway lugging a stepladder. He took one look at Redding with the painting and started to say something, but didn’t. Then, he and the stepladder were gone.
Although void of any damage, the painting was laced with age cracks, a common hallmark of oil paintings. As the painting aged, the oils dried and became brittle, resulting in hairline cracks. The hundreds of hairline fissures coursed and intersected with each other to create a unique mosaic pattern. Each painting had its own unique pattern that served as a sort of fingerprint, a means of confirming identification, but for the cello painting there would be no such records. The only way to authenticate the cello painting would be through a methodical process conducted by a panel of experts.
Inch by inch, Redding meticulously studied the painting, noting every subtle nuance from brush strokes to blended colors. He continuously repositioned the artwork toward the light to augment the colors. Then he would take a step back and let the images and color wash over him. By all standards, the painting was nothing short of extraordinary and it should have been shared with the world.
While repositioning the painting on the chair, it occurred to him that the painting seemed heavier than it should. He carefully pivoted the painting to reveal the backside and its support framework.
The canvas was stretched over an adjustable support frame and tacked into place, but one of the frame’s corner supports was missing. The missing support may have been made from poor quality or fractured wood that had deteriorated over the years. To provide support for that corner and for the rest of the frame, someone had ingeniously crafted a substitute frame that fit securely inside the original. The secondary frame had been so well crafted that the aging canvas was not subjected to any additional stress.
The secondary frame had to have been the handiwork of a master craftsman. Each piece of the frame was precision cut and likely assembled with dowels. The slightly ornate frame had been stained a dark reddish color and finished with a fine lacquer coat. The frame had been made in such a way that it was securely held inside the original, but without tacks or any other visible means. Redding mused that it was one artwork inside of another. Then it occurred to him that the secondary frame actually lent some credibility to Jian’s story of his grandfather.
He had just reset the painting in the light when Sam came through the doorway. Sam dumped a cardboard box, some foam rubber, and shipping tape onto one of the tables. Redding glanced up from the painting. He had half expected Sam to come through the door with the leather portfolio, but the box seemed adequate in size and there was a sufficient amount of padding. He returned his attention to the painting, standing away and slightly off center to gain a different perspective. Sam came around to have a look at the painting, but stepped directly into the path of the only remaining rays of light.
Redding would have said something, but the natural light had already faded to the point that it was no longer useful. He stared at the painting one last time and tried to internalize every last detail. Then he carefully rewrapped the artwork in plastic before padding the front, back and sides with the heavy foam. The box that Sam had supplied was a near perfect fit for the painting. Redding had only to pad the bottom of the box before slipping the painting inside. Satisfied that the painting was adequately protected, he applied one final piece of foam to the top before sealing the box with tape.
The whole exercise in packaging the painting seemed unnecessary. The travel time to Joran’s hotel couldn’t have been a whole fifteen minutes. The business portfolio had been used to transport the painting from the hotel, so it seemed only natural that it would have been used for the return trip, but Sam just happened to have these packing materials. In one short synaptic flash a realization took hold, and Redding knew.
He set the cardboard box aside, picked up the document bag with twenty-five-thousand dollars in Chinese currency, and tossed it to Sam.
“I’m kind of curious,” Redding said. “So what stopped you? I mean, why didn’t you take off with the painting?”
Sam let out an audible sigh that seemed to acknowledge the fact that he had been caught.
“Well, we gave it some thought, but there were just too many complications. We didn’t think we could pull it off,” Sam said, seemingly ashamed. “How did you know?”
Redding shook his head as if to say it wasn’t important.
“Are you pissed?” Sam asked.
He was, but he tried not to show it. It felt as if Sam had shoved a knife in his gut. He had already been betrayed by Yves, and now by Sam. He was definitely pissed, but it wasn’t in his best interests to let Sam know.
“I’m staying in China and I plan to teach English, so I need you to put me in touch with the right people.”
“What about the painting and the finder’s fee?”
“I’ve already made arrangements for the painting.”
“Are you really serious about teaching English?” Sam was far from convinced.
Redding simply nodded.
“Anybody can do two days in a classroom, but that doesn’t make them a teacher. There will be good days and bad ones, and two months from now you might be regretting your decision,” Sam said as he slung the strap of the document bag onto his shoulder. “Don’t get me wrong, I need another teacher, but if your decision is based on Lin Ming, then you’re the wrong guy.”
“Well, this isn’t about Lin Ming.”
“Are you sure?”
“She’s supposedly engaged to somebody,” Redding said. “And my decision to stay is about me. I want to do something worthwhile with my time and I like the idea of teaching.”
“All right, I’ll put you together with some people to handle the formalities. You know, like work permits and housing.”
“The sooner the better.” Redding picked up the box and started toward the door.
“Ting wants to celebrate and I’m supposed to invite you. So I hope you don’t have any plans,” Sam called after Redding. “The teahouse, seven-thirty.”

* * *

Redding had no desire to wait outside the school on the off chance that a taxi would happen by. He headed in the direction of Xi Huan Road, but no more than a block from the school he already regretted that he hadn’t made a handle for the box. The weight wasn’t an issue. The box was just cumbersome in size, which made it difficult to hold under one arm. The only other option would have been to hold it with both hands. He turned onto a narrow but busy street one block short of Xi Huan Road. That late in the afternoon he figured the busy street offered a better chance of finding a taxi as opposed to the main boulevard.
There were a couple of taxis just down the street on the opposite side. Redding raised his hand to signal one of the taxis while he stood curbside with the box under his other arm. He was faced away from oncoming traffic and didn’t see the slow-moving motorcycle that had drifted in close to the curb. Just as the motorcycle came abreast, the rider’s arm swung out from his body. His arm accidentally struck the box, knocking it loose from under Redding’s arm. Redding’s initial reaction was instinctively fast, but instead of catching the box, his right hand had snagged the pocket of the motorcycle rider’s jacket. It wasn’t intentional, but it was just enough to unbalance the rider.
Redding’s efforts to regain control of the fumbled box had caused it to pitch forward, bouncing off his knee, and finally landing flat in the street with a thud. It was only a mere three feet in front of him, but there wasn’t time to retrieve it. A second motorcycle was bearing down on the box. Redding took one step off the curb and kicked the box out of the motorcycle’s path. Then, he jumped back to avoid the motorcycle, tripped over the curb, and fell backward onto the sidewalk. The box skidded across the street, but came to a stop well short of the opposite curb, directly in the path of an approaching taxi. There was little Redding could do other than scream at the taxi, not that the driver would have ever heard him.
The box would have been crushed and the painting along with it, except that the box had stopped evenly between the wheels and was passed over without contact ever being made. Although still intact, the box wasn’t out of danger. Traffic that was behind the taxi was now bearing down on the package.
As Redding scrambled to his feet, he could feel his heart pounding wildly inside his chest. Infused with adrenaline, he bolted into traffic. He was narrowly missed by one car, causing the driver to brake heavily and sound the horn. In one fluid motion he snatched the box from the street and bounded onto the opposite curb.

* * *

The motorcyclist had made a futile attempt to regain control. A hundred feet away, the unbalanced motorcycle had crashed on its side, dumping the rider into the street.
Redding wasn’t sure who the bikers were and he had no intention of waiting around to find out. He signaled an approaching taxi. The downed rider was up on his feet and seething with anger. Even from that distance the lacerations on the biker’s hands and knees were all too visible. When he removed his helmet it was obvious that he wasn’t one of Joran’s thugs. He was just a young kid, maybe sixteen years old. The second motorcyclist had stopped alongside the first. They were just a couple of high school students. The first rider was probably trying to signal the second rider when he accidentally dislodged the box from under Redding’s arm. Redding decided to skip any apologies as he climbed into the backseat of the taxi. It all just seemed a little too coincidental.
He had allowed complacency to overrule his need to always be aware of his surroundings. Thoughts of the motorcycle gang came racing back into his head. Images of bamboo canes striking from every direction caused him to flinch. He had repeatedly warned himself about maintaining situational awareness. He sat back in the taxi, sucking in air as fast as his lungs could process the oxygen. With his heart still pounding, he slumped down in the seat and tried to relax.

* * *

Redding half expected Joran to be waiting outside the hotel for the painting to arrive, but thankfully, he wasn’t. Returning the painting to Joran was bad enough, but handing it over personally would have been humiliating. He knew Joran’s intentions for the painting and he was sick that he had been a participant. Joran would auction the painting and it would be hidden away from public eyes for years to come. As much as Redding hated the idea of delivering the painting into obscurity, the painting wasn’t the real reason he had come to China. It had always been about the money.
He set the box on the reception counter and asked for a pen. On one side of the box bits of gravel were imbedded in the cardboard, and on one edge, the outer layer had been all but sheared away. Aside from the surface damage, he was fairly confident that the painting had been adequately protected. He flipped the box over to the undamaged side and wrote Joran’s name and room number. Then, he asked for the house phone.



Chapter Thirty-Four


It had been a long and difficult day. Joran had paced the room back and forth countless times as he waited for some word, any word, about the painting. He had taken a tremendous risk by wiring the five hundred thousand dollars, and he did so only because he had been backed into a corner. He didn’t have the upper hand; Redding did. He had received confirmation of the wire, but it didn’t make him feel any better. In some ways, it actually made him feel worse. He could visualize the painting hanging on a wall in Le Musee Angladon. Redding could have already contacted the museum and walked away with the five hundred thousand dollars. The more he thought about it, the more it tied his stomach in knots.
He had turned the television on as a distraction, but hadn’t paid it any attention. It was some program about China’s economy, so he turned the volume down. He dissolved a foreign-made seltzer tablet in a glass of water. If the painting didn’t arrive, his problems in New York would multiply exponentially. He was totally at Redding’s mercy. He sipped a little of the carbonated water and recognized its familiar taste, but it neither settled his stomach nor made him feel any better. Rising up somewhere deep inside was the realization that he had made the mistake of a lifetime. He cursed Redding and was swearing revenge when the phone rang. He snatched the receiver from the cradle.
“The painting is at the reception desk,” the voice said and then the caller hung up before Joran could even respond.
The customary pleasantries weren’t needed; he had recognized the voice.
He wasn’t offended by the abruptness of the call nor was he interested in having some drawn out conversation with Redding. He only needed to know that the painting had been delivered. He felt a small wave of relief, but it could have just as easily gone the other direction. He snuffed out a cigarette, buttoned his shirt, and pulled on his shoes, and then the phone rang again.
“Mr. Hausen?” The question came from a young woman. “This is the reception desk. We have package for you. Should we bring to your room?”
“No! I will be right down,” Joran said slowly and deliberately so as not to be misunderstood. The fewer people that handled the painting, the less chance there would be of damage.

* * *

It seemed as if he waited forever before one of the desk clerks had finally finished with another guest and was able to assist him.
“Room 1630. You have a package for me.” Joran said.
The young woman glanced around behind the counter for the package before disappearing into the back office. A moment later, she returned, holding a soiled cardboard box away from her uniform. She didn’t have a firm grasp on the box as she attempted to hoist the package over the reception counter. Instead of handing the box to Joran, she banged the box on the marble slab.
“Please, be careful.” Joran winced.
He thrust his arm at the package in hopes of catching the box before it could be slammed into the counter a second time. He pulled it from her arms and turned away, holding it at arms’ length. He never bothered to thank the young woman. It wasn’t his intention to be impolite; he was just overwhelmed by the condition of the box. Its surface was absolutely horrendous. Bits of gravel were imbedded in the skin of the cardboard, and in one place the cardboard was nearly worn away. The box looked as if it had fallen from a moving truck. Even though it was well soiled and heavily scuffed, its integrity seemed to be intact. The overall durability of the box suggested its contents were adequately protected. Still, its soiled appearance made him uneasy.

* * *

He placed the cardboard box on the bed and stripped off the tape. Any sense of elation that he may have had was clouded over with fear. A painting that fragile inside of a box with that much surface damage made him wonder if it had actually survived. He removed the foam padding and extracted the painting. He set it on one side of the bed and flung the cardboard remains across the room. He then removed the plastic wrapping and looked over the painting. There weren’t any signs of visible damage. He set the garment bag next to the painting. Then he carefully inserted the painting into the net sleeve so it was well protected by the heavy clothing. After he zipped up the garment bag, he started packing.
He called the Metro Grand Hotel to confirm his reservation for the night. With the painting back in his possession, he intended to take every precaution necessary to make sure that he didn’t lose it. To minimize the chances of something going wrong, he had decided to change hotels. He dialed guest services and requested that they prepare his bill. He would be checking out. He didn’t want Redding knocking on his door, or anyone else that might know about the painting.
Whether the bellboy liked it or not, he had no intention of surrendering the garment bag to the trolley. The garment bag would be in his possession at all times, even when his luggage was loaded into the trunk of the taxi. He would fold the garment bag in half and it would ride with him in the backseat.

* * *

The Metro Grand Hotel was no more than two kilometers from Le Meridian. Nothing struck Joran as unusual during the whole registration process. Still, he couldn’t relax. He held the garment bag close while his eyes skirted the lobby. Hotel guests moved about and the uniformed staff tended to their busy work. The young woman processing his registration examined his passport and credit card before setting them aside. A male desk clerk stepped up and began examining the passport. The young woman snatched the passport from his hand and said something to him in Chinese. She was clearly irritated, but he didn’t back away. It didn’t make any difference to Joran who handled his registration, as long as it was handled quickly. He cast another glance around the lobby. As the young woman completed the registration, the male clerk remained in close proximity, listening intently as if he had a particular interest in the transaction.
“How many days will you be staying?”
“Just two nights. I’ll be checking out on Saturday morning and I’ll need a taxi to take me to Pu Dong Airport.”
“There is a bus to the airport…
“No, I definitely want a taxi.” Joran interrupted.

* * *

Inside his hotel room, he breathed a little easier once the door locked behind him. He planned to sequester himself for the duration of his stay. He had no intention of leaving the painting unattended, not even for a solitary minute. Not so much as a foot would be set outside the door until he checked out.
The garment bag was laid on the bed and unzipped. He had lacked the necessary time to thoroughly examine the artwork prior to leaving the Le Meridian Hotel. The clothing that served as padding was lifted away and the painting was revealed. He removed the painting from the confines of the net sleeve and laid it flat on the bed. Then, he slowly and methodically examined the artwork until he was assured that its condition had not been compromised.
His appetite was nonexistent. Still, he called room service and ordered a sandwich. When the sandwich arrived, he took the tray at the door and handed the uniformed boy the ice bucket with instructions to fill it. When the young man returned, Joran tipped him and then locked the door. He immediately tossed some ice cubes into a glass and made himself a drink. Then he sat down and thought through his travel arrangements.
When he’d delayed his original departure, he had been forced to accept an alternate flight on Saturday afternoon. The flight would take him into Vancouver, Canada, and then on to Montreal. He would stay only one night, which would provide him sufficient time to package the painting in a crush-proof container. It would be addressed to the Aztec Gallery, in New York City and shipped by Federal Express for next-day delivery. Then he would fly to New York empty handed, bypassing all customs declaration requirements.
His decision to take a taxi from Suzhou to the Pu Dong International Airport had been based solely on practicality. Booking a seat on either the bus or the train had its share of difficulties, but that wasn’t his concern. His worries were about the other passengers. In a tightly constrained environment, he wouldn’t be able to adequately protect the painting from a crush of people. The possibility of accidental damage was too great. As an alternative, he had tried to book a regional flight from Suzhou, but there weren’t any seats available. His only other option was a taxi. It may have been the most expensive means of transportation, but it would save him from ticketing agents and overcrowded terminals.
He flipped through channels on the television, but most of the programming was in Chinese or some other foreign language. The chances of watching something decent seemed remote. He settled on a World News program, but it failed to hold his interest. His appetite hadn’t returned and he had no intention of forcing down the sandwich, so he set the tray outside his door. He had everything planned right down to the last detail, but still he just couldn’t seem to relax. So he lit a cigarette and mixed another drink.



Chapter Thirty-Five


Redding laid a shirt, trousers, and sport coat on the bed. Although he had showered and felt renewed, he was still edgy about Sam, but it wasn’t something that needed to be verbalized. It wasn’t as though the breach of trust had damaged their friendship. They were barely beyond the stage of acquaintances. He could work alongside Sam without issue, but a close friendship was unlikely. He would make new friends soon enough, but until then he had to rely on Sam during his transition into teaching.
He pulled on his pants and fastened his belt. Then he faced the mirror and straightened his tie, but somehow he seemed overdressed. He stripped off the tie and stared into the mirror. It only returned his reflection. He knew the image of the cello wouldn’t be returning, and neither would the dreams.

* * *

Sam’s quasi betrayal had brought the issues with Yves back into focus. He had been avoiding Yves only because he had wanted to save the partnership, but everything had changed. No part of his future had anything in common with the parts-manufacturing business or the partnership. He dialed the phone and heard the line ring just before the receiver was picked up. He heard the grousing of Yves’ voice in the receiver, and then nothing else.
“Yves, wake up!”
“Goddammit Redding… Do you know what time it is?”
“Yeah, I’m sorry, about that,” Redding said, but he neither cared what time it was nor that he had awakened Yves. He had finally made up his mind and was anxious to put the partnership issues behind him.
“Holy Christ! It’s three-thirty in the morning,” Yves moaned.
Redding heard the faint strains of conversation in the background. Yves was telling his wife to go back to sleep. Then he returned to the phone.
“What’s so damned important?”
“Do you want to do this or not?” Redding asked. He knew that Yves was awake and fully cognizant of why he had called. The grousing was just a ploy to slant the negotiations.
“All right! Let me turn on a light.” A full minute passed before Yves returned to the phone. Redding knew Yves had been going over the numbers in his head and probably rehearsing his pitch.
“Yeah, it’s real simple. I buy you out for six hundred thousand, minus your hundred thousand debt. You sign some papers, I give you a check for five hundred thousand, and we’re done. What do you say?”
Their friendship and partnership had endured for years, so Redding wanted to avoid any of the unpleasant aspects often associated with buyouts. He didn’t immediately respond to Yves’ offer; he just rolled the proposal around in his head. Somehow the subject of China came into the conversation. It wasn’t his original intention, but Redding used the diversion as a stall tactic. He had already analyzed every aspect of the partnership and its subsequent dissolution. They had each invested funds during the company’s inception. Equipment that had been leased or purchased as new would have held a diminished resale value. The clientele that they were so dependent upon were virtually nonexistent. Without expanding into new markets there was a very real prospect that the company would fail. Those impending issues were exactly the reason why Yves wanted to move the company to Arizona. Redding had already made up his mind about the partnership, but he wasn’t about to be rushed into an answer.
The proposed buyout had weighed heavily on his mind even before China. The company faced an uncertain future and he was somewhat relieved to have an option. The value of the company should have been its client base, but the diminished base was almost worthless. That meant the only asset the company possessed was the existing equipment, and half of that was leased.
“I’m willing to sell, but let’s make it seven hundred thousand and you wash the hundred thousand debt,” Redding countered. That was approximately what he had invested as start-up capital ten years earlier.
“Come on, Redding, be a little bit reasonable, for Christ’s sake!” Yves said. Signs of exasperation were leaking into his voice. “I’m telling you straight up, my offer is generous.”
“Maybe, but at that price, I’d rather take my chances on liquidation,” Redding said. “And we both know that replacing all that equipment will cost you at least a million and a half out of pocket.”
He knew he had knocked Yves off balance. It wasn’t meant to be some coup de grace moment, but it had the same effect. Yves had shorted his offer and fully expected a counter, but Redding’s maneuver edged dangerously close to extortion.
Redding knew that Yves had already planned his entire move, right down to what equipment he was taking, what equipment would stay, and what he would lease on the other end. The effects of liquidation would have been devastating and Yves knew well enough that Redding wasn’t bluffing. The financial hit would have been bad enough, but worse yet, Yves wouldn’t be able to replace the equipment in time to save his contracts.
“Can you give me a break, maybe cut fifty thousand from the deal?” Yves pleaded.
“Yeah, I’d say that’s workable.”
“Alright, we’re done. Six hundred and fifty and I’ll wash the debt.” Yves said. “I’ll have the attorneys draw up the paperwork.”

* * *

No sooner had he concluded his conversation with Yves than Redding’s thoughts turned to Lin Ming. Ever since that afternoon in the Savory Hotel, it seemed as if every thought either started or ended with her. Each time the thought passed, his mind clouded over with the vague, yet distant feeling of loneliness.
The loneliness felt exactly the same as it had during his college years. Satisfying the physical aspect had always been easy enough. He never had to look very far to find a willing partner, but the sharing of physical passion rarely erased the feelings.
He couldn’t deny the loneliness, nor could he deny another set of feelings that he had managed to hold at bay. Those were his feelings for Lin Ming. He wanted more than just to be near her, close enough to smell her fragrance or feel her breath on his face. He wanted more than to hear the softness in her voice and feel her touch. He wanted her to be part of his life.
That night outside the Savory Hotel, she said she didn’t blame him; she only blamed herself. They both knew that wasn’t true. She said her life would have been better if she had never met him. That singular statement may have explained why he had buried his feelings. He was shouldering plenty of the blame, but it didn’t solve anything. If only he had realized the depth of his feelings sooner, he might have been able to change the course of events. He knew she never intended to see him again, but he had to try.

* * *

“I’m looking for a blank card with an envelope,” Redding said to the clerk as he glanced around the gift store. He wanted something plain and ordinary, just a blank-faced card, but she apparently didn’t understand. She led him to a display of postcards. Rather than trying to explain, he thanked her and wandered away. Between a display of decorator chopsticks and imitation antique vases, he found individual Chinese gift cards. They were of a traditional appearance, embossed with gold Chinese characters set on a background of red. The cards lacked a subtle quality, but at least the interior panels were blank. As he set the card on the counter, the cashier eyed him suspiciously.
“Maybe a different card would be better,” she said.
“Why? What does it say?”
“Well, it has two identical characters. One and two,” she said as she pointed to each character individually. “One character by itself means, ‘to like.’ Two characters together mean, ‘double happiness,’ but maybe this is the wrong card for you.”
“What could possibly be wrong with double happiness?” Redding asked.
“Double happiness signifies marriage.”
With the cashier’s words echoing in his ears, he tried to image how Lin Ming would react to the card. The woman picked up the card as if she were going to return it to the rack.
“No, I’m buying that card,” he said.
After he paid, he stood off to the side. While twirling a pen between his fingers, he formulated his thoughts. He wrote Lin Ming’s name on the envelope and only one complete sentence inside the card before signing his name. He stuffed the card back into the envelope and slipped it into his coat pocket.



Chapter Thirty-Six


The only thing that Redding had expected from the evening was a decent meal and some mundane conversation, but there in the middle of the teahouse stood Lin Ming. The moment he saw her all sensations of hunger dissipated. She was standing all alone, seemingly lost in thought, as if waiting for someone. She seemed so Chinese and yet so out of place. It was her sleeveless red dress, with its Mao collar, that set her apart from the usual teahouse clientele. The dress had delicate yellow and magenta plum blossom flowers woven into the fabric, but it was the way the dress held the contours of her slender body that drew his attention. Then, as if his presence had touched her, she turned and looked in his direction. The eye contact between them was brief, if not painful. She immediately looked away. They hadn’t even exchanged a word and already an uncomfortable silence seemed to have permeated the teahouse.
No one in the teahouse other than Ting had paid any attention to either of them. She had her hands full behind the counter, but she kept an eye on them. Sam never looked up from his newspaper. As usual, he was soundly oblivious to the whole café. Even if he had looked up, he wasn’t about to be torn away from his table.
The chance meeting left Redding unsure of how to proceed. He had said that he wouldn’t complicate things and that had been his original intention but so much had already changed. He wanted to open his heart to Lin Ming and let her know how he felt. As he approached an invisible resistance seemed to rise.
“Why are you doing this?” Lin Ming demanded.
“I’m not sure I understand...” Redding started, but he didn’t finish the sentence. He wasn’t sure if she expected an answer or if she had simply meant for him to stay away. He understood a certain amount of resistance. Based on their last meeting that would have been expected, but he wasn’t about to leave. Their chance encounter provided an opportunity that he wasn’t about to squander.
He pulled a chair away from a table for her, meaning that they should sit, but she didn’t move an inch. She just stood there defiantly. So many things had welled inside him that he wanted to say, but it would have been pointless. She wasn’t ready to listen. He knew well enough that her resistance wouldn’t last.
“Lin Ming, don’t ignore me.” He searched her face for a favorable response, but all he saw was sadness in her eyes.
“You promised you wouldn’t make this difficult for me,” she said.
He half expected that. Her words outside the Savory Hotel were loud in his ears, but at least she wasn’t ignoring him.
“I think Ting needs my help,” she said.
“I don’t need any help,” Ting said as she bolted from behind the counter. “You were invited tonight because we knew Redding would be here.”
“What am I supposed to tell my family?”
“Lin Ming, don’t mess this up. This may be your only chance.”
“My only chance at what?”
“Don’t be so stupid!” Ting said. Her acrid remarks were never meant to be spiteful, but the need to make her point often resulted in a caustic affect that had to be smoothed over. “Just talk with Redding, have some tea or maybe go for a walk, but be nice.”
Lin Ming didn’t say a word. She just headed toward the door. Redding wasn’t sure if she was leaving or if he was supposed to follow. A shove from Ting removed all doubt.

* * *

The coolness of the night wasn’t exactly comfortable, nor was it intolerable. Redding offered his jacket to Lin Ming, but she declined. He tried to walk side by side, but due to the narrow confines of the sidewalk she was usually one step ahead of him. Every time he moved next to her, he was jostled out of position by some opposing pedestrian. Along one stretch of sidewalk there were bicycles parked against a wall, which further lessened the useful portion of the walkway. He had been so intent on walking side by side he failed to notice a bicycle lying on its side. He stumbled over the bike, made a less than graceful recovery, and managed to avoid injury. He dismissed the incident as inconsequential, but Lin Ming’s eyes were laden with worry. In that one look he knew she still had feelings for him.
Further along the block the sidewalk had widened and he settled into step next to her. They were close enough that he should have been able to take in her fragrance, but couldn’t. Any scent was lost to the overpowering smell of garlic from one of several eateries. The street was well lit by an array of Chinese signs that had been affixed to buildings and, further down the street, the music of some Chinese pop star could be heard. More than at any other time since his arrival in Suzhou, he felt like a foreigner. The only sense of familiarity was that from Lin Ming. She hadn’t said as much, but he could tell she wanted to be with him. Although she presented a hardened exterior, her resistance had already begun to fade.
“My father will find out and he’ll be angry,” she said, resigned to the inevitable.
“So what can he do? He has already arranged your life. I understand tradition, but there are limits.” Redding suppressed the argument welling up inside. He had already said enough. He wanted to be close to her, not alienate her.
Unwilling to discuss the issue any further, Lin Ming turned the conversation. “What happened to your hand?”
“It’s nothing. I tripped over a curb.” Redding raised his hand and demonstrated its mobility.
“The last time I saw you, you had a swollen face and a black eye. Maybe you’re the kind of person who is accident prone.”
Redding shook his head. His injuries were no accident, and to prolong the lie any further was pointless. He had to tell her the truth, not just about his injuries, but the whole sordid story. He found a place off the sidewalk where they wouldn’t be overheard. His explanation started with an apology for misleading her. Then, he confessed to the illegal activities surrounding the painting. He told her about enlisting Sam and Ting’s help and holding the painting for ransom. He detailed the fight with Joran in the alley, the subsequent beating by the motorcycle gang, and concluded with Jian’s reaction to the money.
“If you gave the painting away, does that mean you will be leaving soon?”
“No, I’m staying. I’m going to teach English.”
One section of the street housed a series of small restaurants. The exhaust fan from one venue vented towards the street as if advertising its cuisine. The smell of garlic and chili hung heavily in the air and Redding willingly pulled the smoky aroma into his nostrils. He hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and his stomach seized with every passing whiff.

* * *

In an effort to appease Redding’s hunger, Lin Ming selected a restaurant that was short on decor but known for its regional cuisine. The meal started with wonton soup, but it wasn’t particularly flavorful. Redding spooned the liquid back and forth, taking an occasional sip only to fill in the gaps of silence. Their conversation flayed aimlessly, bouncing from one meaningless subject to another. There was one particular matter that he wanted to discuss, but he knew she wasn’t ready.
The pervasive tone of spoken Chinese and the constant shuffling of dishes to and from the kitchen created an unceasing din. To compensate, Redding had to lean forward when he spoke. He had been toying with the changes in lifestyle that he expected while living in China. Using Lin Ming as a sounding board, he tried to validate various expectations. He accepted the fact that a certain amount of adjustment would be required, but that was well within his abilities. Just teaching English would be a sizeable adjustment, but based on his early efforts in the classroom, he didn’t expect it to be overwhelming.
“Your decision to stay, did it have anything to do with me?”
He didn’t exactly answer the question. He reached into his coat pocket and started to withdraw the card that he had purchased earlier. It occurred to him that an admission on his part might have been premature. A denial would have been an outright lie. He wanted more time, a more opportune moment. He shoved the card back into his coat pocket. Although he didn’t answer the question, she may have found her answer in his silence.
She held the chopsticks, poised and ready. She started to reach toward one of the dishes but stopped short, as if she were collecting her thoughts.
“We are each faced with an uncertain, yet different future,” she said.
Her message was somewhat cryptic, but the meaning was understood. Whether he stayed in China or not, she would soon be married. Out of politeness she sampled a few bites from each dish before setting the chopsticks aside. There wasn’t any bitterness in her words, but her voice betrayed a sense of despair.
He hadn’t been able to take his eyes off of her all evening. The red silk dress could have stopped any man’s heart, but that wasn’t the reason. He just felt closer to her than to anyone he had ever known.
“I’m sure Mei had a hand in this,” Lin Ming said.
“A hand in what?”
“This dress, the teahouse,” she said. “You didn’t think that I just happened to be there, did you?”
“Of course not!” Redding said, but prior to Ting’s outburst that was exactly what he’d thought.
“This wasn’t a coincidence. This was planned by Mei and Ting, but I don’t know how it will help. I was suspicious when Ting invited me to dinner. The teahouse is always busy in the mornings and tomorrow Sam has to teach. They never go out to eat during the week.”
“It was planned and that’s why you wore that dress?” Redding asked.
“Mei insisted that I wear it. That’s how I know she was part of the plan.”
His mind raced back and forth trying to make sense out of the whole scenario. He couldn’t quite grasp what Mei was trying to accomplish.
“Father says it’s too late,” she said.
“It’s not too late.” He knew she was referring to her pending marriage.
“I think everything is late.”
“It’s never too late, at least not until you’re actually married. Maybe I don’t understand Chinese traditions, but I do know that you should have a say in whom you marry. I’m sorry, but your father is dead wrong to force you into some shitty marriage.”
Without even realizing it, he had withdrawn the envelope from his coat pocket. His timing couldn’t have been worse.
“Redding, what is that?”
“This? It’s a card, for you.” Redding said, handing her the card. “I was waiting for the right moment, but I’m not sure there is one.”
“Then you knew I would be at the teahouse tonight?”
“I didn’t know! I was going to leave it at your mailbox.”
She pulled the card from the envelope and read what had been written inside.
Would you consider marrying a man who once dreamed he was a cello? 
“You want to marry me?” Lin Ming asked after an exceptionally long silence.
“Of course I want to marry you,” Redding said. “I know how you’re family oriented and I’m not trying to upset the balance of things, but this could work for us. I could be your family.”
“A family?” She asked.
“What I’m trying to say is that I love you. I’d walk from one side of China to the other just to be with you. So, will you marry me?”
Before Lin Ming could respond, one waitress collided with another, each wielding a tray weighted with dishes, bowls, plates, and cups. The sharp, shrill sound of ceramic crashing to the floor and shattering into hundreds of pieces startled the restaurant diners. Every muscle in Lin Ming’s body tensed before releasing a shudder. Soup, duck, shrimp, broccoli, and black bean sauce along with shards of broken ceramics were spread everywhere. Voices of panic and blame cussed at each other and Lin Ming cringed.
In those few second, behind her eyes, Redding witnessed the unhappiness that held her captive. She hadn’t said as much, but already he knew her answer.
“When could we marry?” she asked.
“Tonight, tomorrow, whenever you’re ready.”
The whole process of cleaning the splattered food and broken dishes had become quite disruptive. Redding pulled some cash from his pocket and tossed it on the table. He took Lin Ming by the hand and they left. No sooner were they outside than Redding stopped short.
“What did you mean when you said, everything was late?”
She broke eye contact with him. She let go of his hand and took a deep breath. Then she looked directly into his face.



Chapter Thirty-Seven


On the other side of the drapes, darkness still loomed. Clad in only a pair of boxers, Joran dropped into a chair and lit a cigarette. He felt listless and exhausted. The few hours of sleep he had managed were anything but sound. He snuffed out the cigarette and reached for the phone. The desk clerk who answered reconfirmed his transportation to Pu Dong Airport. She assured him as per his request that a taxi would be waiting upon his departure. With so much at risk he could ill afford not to take every precaution.
He had spent nearly two whole days in the room without as much as a breath of fresh air. With only one cigarette left, he nervously paced while reflecting on the previous day.

* * *

The day before had been hell. Everything added to the boredom, from the chintzy wallpaper to the shag carpet. There was nothing unusual about the room, yet he felt increasingly claustrophobic. He had called the airlines and pleaded for any seat on their afternoon flight to no avail. The flight was fully booked. In spite of his boredom, he wasn’t about to leave the room or the painting unattended.
He endlessly paced the floor, strategizing how best to sell the painting. After considering his options, he tentatively decided to set up a private auction when he finally returned to New York. That would provide the quickest means in which to sell the painting and still ensure a strong return. He knew individuals with money to spend and all would pay through the teeth to have such an extraordinary work of art. Most wouldn’t even know of the artist, let alone the painting, but that wouldn’t stop them from bidding on it. If they liked the painting, they would act like they didn’t, right up until the time the bidding started. For these individuals, a chance to possess something so acclaimed, so exclusive, so enviable outweighed any question of morality. Still, precautions would have to be taken. He could ill afford to make any mistakes. Certainly not like last time.
By mid-afternoon he was down to a half pack of cigarettes. He called room service for a fresh pack, but that soon became a frustrating, futile exercise. Going out for cigarettes was out of the question. He wouldn’t leave the painting unattended for one solitary minute. As much as he hated the idea, he had to ration the few cigarettes he had left.
Housekeeping had become a nuisance, so he placed the “Do Not Disturb” sign on the door, but that didn’t seem to keep them away. It wasn’t until he lost his temper that they finally left him alone.
Hour by hour the day dragged on. He tried not to think about his financial timeline, but looming in the back of his mind, ever present, was Mr. Azzian. A knot rose in the back of his throat and he tried to wash it down with some scotch and water. Although not his intention, one drink followed another and the day became evening. The accumulation of alcohol in his system brought on drowsiness, which caused him to roll into bed in search of sleep.
Sleep had been elusive. He couldn’t seem to get comfortable. He spent the night unboxing the sheets, always on the verge of sleep but not quite there. In the early hours of the morning he drifted off, only to be wakened by amorous noises from an adjoining room.

* * *

The darkness outside had finally given way to daylight, yet every part of him felt tired, listless, and exhausted. His constant pacing had been anything but productive. He dragged himself into the bathroom to shower and shave. He was annoyed that he hadn’t slept well, only because he needed to stay focused and alert, especially during the flight.
With a towel wrapped around his waist he sipped coffee and smoked his last cigarette. After he dressed, he repacked his luggage and placed his passport and ticket in his coat pocket. Then he checked on the painting one last time before leaving the room.

* * *

Other than the tedious, irritating aspect of checking out, the whole process was handled in a timely manner and without incident. His luggage had been loaded into the trunk of a taxi, but the folded garment bag he kept with him in the back seat. He had the doorman confirm his destination with the driver so there wouldn’t be any misunderstandings. Then the taxi pulled away from the hotel and merged into traffic.
There wasn’t anything peculiar about the driver other than that he wore thick glasses and sat hunched over the steering wheel. Like all taxis drivers, he was surrounded by a Plexiglas structure meant for his safety and protection, but the enclosure severely limited conversation.
“Go Pu Dong Airport?” the driver asked in a voice loud enough to escape the confines of the Plexiglas enclosure.
“Yes, Pu Dong Airport.” Joran said in disbelief. The hotel doorman had just confirmed his destination in Chinese not two minutes before.
“Go America?” The driver asked.
“Yes, go America!” Joran said, desperately hoping that the two-hour drive wouldn’t become a practice session of the English language.
After the taxi cleared the city boundaries, Joran slouched down into the seat and relaxed. There wasn’t anything special about the scenery, at least not anything that would occupy his thoughts. He had stared at the fallowed fields and mundane scenery long enough that he no longer saw them. His thoughts settled on Mr. Azzian. Their conversation hadn’t been an easy one, but he managed to convince him to wire the five hundred thousand. At any other time, he would have negotiated for better terms, but faced with a deadline he was in a weak position. He agreed with the terms but the money didn’t come cheap. He had to repay seven hundred thousand, and all within thirty days. He could still hear the conversation with Mr. Azzian in his head.
“This is a lot of money, but you came through in the past, so I’m going to do this for you, but you mess up, it’s going to be very unpleasant. Do you understand?”
“Yeah, I understand.”
“You better be damned sure!” Mr. Azzian said. “’Cause I’m definitely not the kind of person that’ll listen to excuses.”
“I know what I am doing. There won’t be any problems.”
Joran knew exactly what Mr. Azzian was talking about. He had heard stories about the atrocities meted out to those who had failed to repay their debt, and Joran had every reason to believe they were true. Once, Mr. Azzian had shown him a jar of formaldehyde that he kept in his office. Floating inside the yellow-hued liquid was a severed human penis and testicles.
“This used to belong to some college boy who thought he could have his way with my daughter. She told him no, but he wouldn’t take no for an answer, so I turned him into a bitch! My point is this: Don’t ever screw with me,” Mr. Azzian said.
Having a scalpel held to his manhood wasn’t something Joran ever wanted to think about, but owing seven hundred thousand put the thought at the forefront of his mind. It wasn’t until the painting had been delivered that he was able to breathe a little easier. Prior to that, he had been existing in a hyper state of fear. The worst part was in not knowing exactly what would happen if he failed to repay the debt, and that terrified him. In all likelihood, when Mr. Azzian was through with him, he would be dead.
He had taken a tremendous risk borrowing the money, but the gamble was about to pay off. Unfortunately, Redding’s antics would cost him nearly a million dollars. There was the seven hundred thousand that was owed to Mr. Azzian, which meant he would have to rush the sale of the painting. If he had had the luxury of time, he would have handled the sale through a process of private showings and sealed bids. That would have ensured greater control over the sale’s price, allowing him to make substantially more on the painting. All other costs were trivial by comparison. He considered the five thousand yuan he had paid the Chinese bikers as money well spent. They had received the five thousand upfront and he had stiffed them for the rest. As hard as it was to stomach the loss of a million dollars, at least Redding received one hell of beating, and at half the price.

* * *

Well outside the city, traffic had thinned to almost nothing. Bored with the scenery, Joran closed his eyes, and with the hypnotic whine of the engine and the drone of the tires reverberating in his ears, he fell asleep. Ahead of the taxi was a tractor plodding along in the adjacent lane. The only other traffic was a Toyota that breezed by only to slow directly behind the tractor. As the taxi approached, the Toyota changed lanes, effectively blocking any opportunity to pass. Then suddenly, the Toyota stopped directly in front of the taxi, leaving the taxi driver no alternative but to brake heavily. He managed to avoid a collision, stopping just inches from the back of the Toyota. The heavy braking had caused Joran to jolt forward. He opened his eyes and divided reality from dreams. He sat there calmly assessing the situation only because he hadn’t heard the motorcycles.
The bikers had strategically positioned their motorcycles, one on each side of the taxi and two directly behind. It wasn’t until Jie opened the passenger door that Joran realized what was taking place. He grabbed for the garment bag and screamed at the driver but there was nothing the driver could do. The taxi was boxed in on all sides, leaving the driver cowering in his Plexiglas enclosure, staring straight ahead as if he were an unwilling bystander.
Jie leaned in the right-side passenger door and slammed his fist into Joran’s head. The blow landed square on Joran’s ear, partially rupturing his eardrum. Weichao had opened the other passenger door. He braced himself by holding onto the door jamb and drove kick after kick into Joran’s torso. Joran held the handle of the garment bag with one hand and tried to deflect the blows with the other. He took a swing at Jie but it only glanced off his helmet. Jie managed to grab Joran by the hair. He pulled Joran’s head just outside the passenger door and repeatedly pummeled Joran’s face with his fist. Weichao angled his way into the backseat and pried Joran’s hand from the garment bag before retreating with the luggage. Joran broke free of Jie’s hold and spun in the other direction, but Weichao was already clear of the taxi. Standing at the open door with a leather jacket half zipped over his Metro Grand uniform was Qiang.
“You leave China today, or you die!”
“Fuck you! Give me back my bag!”
Suddenly, Joran felt an intense burst of pain in his right side, which caused a momentary cessation of breathing. The pain was so severe that all of the muscles in his body seemed to seize at once.
Jie withdrew his knife from Joran’s ribcage. He had driven the blade only a few inches deep. It was meant as a warning.
“Leave China, or you die!” Qiang said again.
“All right! Just give me my bag!” Joran demanded just as his body seized with another intense burst of pain. He muttered a low guttural sound and then gasped for air. Jie had stabbed him a second time.
The Toyota had already moved onto the dirt divider between the east and westbound lanes. Weichao was on the back of Fangxu’s motorcycle with the folded garment bag sandwiched between them. They waited while the others mounted their motorcycles.
Joran stumbled from the taxi holding his side but managed no more than a few steps.
“I’ll pay you! Just give me back my goddamn bag!”
He desperately tried to reach them, but his efforts were wasted. The bikers revved their motorcycles and released the clutches, spewing dirt and gravel into the air.
“Please! You don’t understand!” Joran yelled, but it was too late. They had already crossed the center divider.
He stumbled back into the taxi, pulled the door closed and tried to catch his breath.
“Go Pu Dong Airport. Go America.” The taxi driver said as he put the car in gear and began to accelerate.
“No, you idiot! We have to go back to Suzhou,” Joran screamed, but the driver ignored him and just continued on in the same direction that they had been heading.
One way or another Joran had to get the taxi turned around. If they arrived at the airport it would be impossible not to be noticed. With bloody clothes and two stab wounds in his side, it would not be long before the police had him.
He shifted his position in an effort to minimize the pain. Even with pressure applied to the wound, the blood continued to ooze, saturating his shirt and jacket.
Overwhelmed by fatigue, exhaustion, and with the onset of shock, he struggled to keep his mind focused. The intense pain in his ribcage had subsided into a throbbing pain. The stab wounds were serious but not fatal. He needed medical care, but that wouldn’t be so easy. Just the nature of the wounds would attract the police. They would have their questions about why he had been targeted. Questions about why his garment bag had been taken but not his money. Even before they questioned the driver they would know that this wasn’t some random attack.
There would be a lot of questions, but his answers weren’t likely to save him. Being discovered by the police all but guaranteed his deportation.
Without the painting life was meaningless. Returning to New York empty handed was the same as a death sentence. Everything had gone so badly and yet he had been so well prepared. He had to track down the bikers, but for some reason he could no longer visualize their faces. He would have to find them and negotiate, but suddenly he couldn’t remember why. He was sure it was about something important, yet nothing came to mind.
“Go Pu Dong Airport,” the taxi driver said. “Go America.”
“No, goddamn it! I told you. We have to stop for cigarettes,” Joran said, but the driver in his Plexiglas enclosure never heard a word.
Joran lay down in the backseat and pulled himself into a fetal position. He had never in his life felt so tired, but he knew he had to stay awake. There was a bitter, baying sound in his ears and it harped at his brain with an annoying flatness. He couldn’t focus his thoughts. He tried to concentrate but all that came to mind were dark, blurry images. Moments later, he drifted into unconsciousness.



Chapter Thirty-Eight


Redding silenced the alarm even before it went off. He raised himself on one elbow and looked at Lin Ming. She was still asleep. Even with her hair in disarray she was absolutely beautiful. During the night they had become entangled in each other and a few minutes later they were making love. Adapting to a new life wasn’t without its difficulties, but for the most part, he thought their meager apartment felt like home. He shot a glance around the room. Folded clothing and linens were neatly set in boxes, and shirts, slacks, and dresses hung from the doorway. It seemed as if every space had been filled with something, and yet the only piece of furniture in the room was the bed. He slid out from under the covers, taking care not to wake Lin Ming, and headed for the bathroom.
The past few weeks had been hectic, but his work permit had arrived and his employment agreement had been finalized. They had stayed almost three weeks at the Bamboo Grove Hotel before they found a suitable place to live. The apartment was only average by Suzhou standards, but for them it held all the excitement of a first home. In the evenings they darted from one store to another selecting furniture, but so far only a few pieces had been delivered.
Lin Ming continued to work at the tour office, but only part time. She handled the scheduling and payables, but no longer conducted any of the tours. To ease Redding’s concerns, she cut her schedule to half days; only until they knew for sure. On the night that he proposed he had pressed her about seeing a doctor, but she resisted. She said that her late cycle was just an aberration. She never actually said why she didn’t want to be tested. He figured she just wasn’t ready to accept the fact that she was pregnant. Some two weeks had passed before she finally relented.

* * *

The marriage took place in small, drab room of a government office building. It wasn’t so much a ceremony as it was a formality. Of the dozen or so people crowded into the room, Redding was the only foreigner. He and Lin Ming sat next to each other, holding hands, anxiously waiting for their moment with the government official.
The day after the wedding they went to see Lin Ming’s family. She had steeled herself against all apprehension and even offered to go alone, but Redding wouldn’t have it. He flat out insisted that he accompany her. Aside from announcing to her family that she had married, she needed to collect her things.
Everything was exactly the same as the last time he was there. Mei stood busy in the kitchen while Father dozed in his wooden chair. His head tilted forward and then jerked back as he fought off the drowsy effects of his nap. He turned his head and glared at Redding and Lin Ming standing just inside the door. He hadn’t exactly heard them come in, but it was their entrance that had stirred him from his nap. With Father and Mei’s eyes both on them, Lin Ming made the announcement. Redding never saw Mei’s reaction. His attention had been drawn to the low growling sounds that rose from the living room. The old man’s grumblings culminated into a sneer and then his face contorted with anger. His seething erupted into a verbal assault meant for both of them. His words may have been unintelligible, but Redding understood the meaning. Mei said something to Father, but he dismissed her with a wave of his hand and continued his barrage.
Midway through his rage, he suddenly fell silent. Urine started dripping from under his chair, which soon intensified into a full release. He stared into his lap as a spot of wetness widened in the crotch of his pants. Mei rushed to his side, placing a cloth under his chair to absorb the urine. She tried to help him to his feet, but he refused. He quashed any notion that he would bathe or change. Instead, he just sat there in his puddle of urine, pounding his fist on the armrest, defiantly awash in humiliation. Mei turned away from Father and grabbed Lin Ming by the hand. She led her down the hallway and into a bedroom. When they returned Lin Ming was carrying a suitcase that had long outlived its years. The contents of the frayed canvas case strained against a lid that was held shut by an old belt secured around its girth.

* * *

The banquet dinner followed the wedding by more than three weeks. It had been held at Mei’s insistence. The semi-private room consisted of four large tables. Redding had expected Mei and Ching and, of course, Ting and Sam, but he wasn’t expecting the nearly three dozen guests that arrived. A few were extended family, but most were friends and co-workers. Of course, Father was noticeably absent, but that didn’t need to be explained.
Redding and Lin Ming sat side by side, accepting the toasts of their guests late into the evening. As the banquet drew to a close and guests began to drift away, Redding leaned in close to Lin Ming. He extended his hand, which came to rest on her belly. Their eyes met and he whispered something to her so that no one else would hear. The moment was innocuous enough, but his actions hadn’t gone unnoticed by Mei.
Mei had raised her hands to her face but the effort only partially obscured her startled expression. She rushed over and wrapped her arms around Lin Ming and the two of them spoke quietly in Chinese. Redding was pretty sure he knew what was being discussed. Lin Ming looked over at him before turning back to Mei and nodding her head. It hadn’t been their intention to say anything about the pregnancy, but Mei had figured it out.

* * *

A few days later Mei was clearing the table when Father started with one of his lectures. It was the same boring lecture on traditional values he had delivered dozens of times before, but Mei and Ching weren’t paying any attention. They had become engrossed in their own conversation and Father didn’t appreciate it. He tried raising his voice as if to demand their undivided attention, but they didn’t even notice.
“I know some good names for the baby,” Ching said.
“Well, keep them to yourself,” Mei said. “It’s not your responsibility to name the baby. That honor belongs to the parents.”
“What baby?” Father asked, sidetracked from his lecture.
“Lin Ming’s. She’s pregnant,” Ching said.
“She will have a baby?” Father asked, but he wasn’t expecting an answer. As if struggling with the thought, he repeated the words to himself several times.
“A baby’s mother needs good food so the baby will grow strong,” he said. “It’s important to eat good food, like the kind we have here.”
Both Mei and Ching understood. That was Father’s way of saying he wanted Lin Ming and Redding to come to dinner. He may have been hardheaded about tradition, but he wasn’t a complete fool. He wasn’t about to isolate himself from his only grandchild. His years as a malcontent had come to an abrupt end. Just like that, Lin Ming was in his good graces and Redding had become a wholly accepted member of the family.

* * *

Redding wasn’t surprised when Sam resigned his position at the school. He had half expected it ever since he paid the twenty-five-thousand dollars. Ting had decided to sell the tea house and Sam spent every spare minute fixing the place. She had wooed just about everyone she knew before finding a willing buyer. As soon as the sale was complete, they were moving to the United States. Of course, their pending move saddened Lin Ming, but it meant little to Redding. Sam may have been the only American that he knew in China, but he didn’t exactly fit the profile of a friend. His dislike for Sam had little to do with Sam’s trying to steal the painting. Admittedly, it had pissed him off and that was understandable. The problem with Sam was more along the lines of socializing. Other than the subject of teaching, Sam didn’t seem to have an opinion about anything.

* * *

After he had shaved and showered, Redding woke Lin Ming. While he dressed, she made coffee and breakfast. It wasn’t something he expected of her; they just liked spending time together before he left for work.
Although they weren’t quite covering the monthly expenses, he wasn’t concerned. He still had a hundred fifty thousand dollars in the Yangtze Bank. That alone would supplement their income for years to come. He had already made arrangements to lease out his condo and the proceeds from the sale of the partnership had been placed with an investment broker.
His life had changed more in the last six weeks than he would have ever thought possible. He mused over the changes and wondered what the next few years would bring. He knew it wouldn’t be easy to assimilate to the Chinese culture, but Lin Ming would always be there to bridge the cultural divide. Their marriage may have been hurried, but he never second-guessed his decision. He loved her and didn’t have any regrets, not about living in China, selling his share of the partnership, or damning the cello painting to some obscure existence. As far as he was concerned, the painting was Joran’s problem.


The End
