Accelerated Times
Jason McGathey

Published by Jason McGathey at Smashwords 

Copyright 2013 Jason McGathey



Also:


Night Driving (2001)

One Hundred Virgins (2006)





“We are not a complicated people. But these are accelerated times. It’s kind of hard to imagine now. John and Paul driving across London just to find the one kid who knew this particular D chord. But that was back then, decades ago. Nowadays, everyone you know can play three different instruments. We’re not bad singers, either. Everyone you know can dismantle and rearrange a personal computer at will; we’re competent skiers, we rock climb, we mountain climb. We can handle a 40 foot yacht like nobody’s business. Half the people you know can pilot an airplane. File their own taxes, construct their own web pages. Most commonly, can not only steer their own vehicles down the highway at 80 miles per hour while simultaneously fiddling with the radio, talking on a cell phone, and checking out their appearance in the drop down visor’s mirror, but can repair whatever inevitably goes wrong with said automobile. Thanks to a glutton of police procedural television shows, most of us know if not every last protocol of forensics and crime scene investigation, then nearly so, and doubly so the language. Most of us speak more than one language. Most of us have visited more than one foreign country. We’ve explored a little more than ever before that which is closer to home, too, meaning each other. Sexual partners in numbers that would have seemed eye-popping even in the supposedly swinging decades of yore, commonplace now. And forget those old jokes about not being able to program a VCR. More like hooking up a complete entertainment center blindfolded, surround sound and digital television, six different remotes all cued in together - no problem. 
We are not a complicated people. Small town people, sure, okay, and all this, this is just what it takes to get by these days. Even in our small towns. As ordinary as postal service, these functions by rote. Accelerated times like these, though, it never fails to fascinate where the fault lines still are. The breaking point at which a cluster of people will part for an automobile creeping in their midst, that magic number where it becomes a big enough mob they don’t have to budge, and don’t, they stand and stare doing whatever it is they’d been doing all along. 
And sure, a similar breaking point in relation to the government, and the control it exerts. Apathy gives way to carte blanche, for awhile. Government turns its screws harder and harder, and the common man stands for it up to a point. Or rather, sits down with a six pack up to a point. Eventually, however, the same bright idea seizes most at roughly the same instant, like a chorus of insects - strength in numbers. Meaning, your neighbor across the street appears to be doing whatever he feels like doing and getting away with it and most of your coworkers do whatever the they want and get away with it, so will you. Because the masses are just too great to control. And those allegedly in power, you turn their lassitude against them.”




Part One: CLEANING CARPETS



“Well, this got us away from our tv sets, at least,” notes the girl in the summer dress, puffing away on a cigarette.
Formerly a convenience store, the stripped away logo of that discontinued franchise is still visible on the brick exterior, the way the sun and elements have faded those bricks unevenly where the letters were. In more recent times it has headquartered a tiny carpet cleaning empire - tiny, but the largest in the northwestern quarter of the state, owner Marty Gregory has always told anyone who will listen - and it was true, too, at least up until the point that meaningful measurements could be made. But now? Small town people have always found fewer weapons with which to kill time, and even those were basic. You take a take a rural Ohio community of barely a thousand, formerly a thousand, and reduce that to thirty five, well, and if in one sense measuring everything becomes the equivalent of a head count in single meeting room, then it’s also more difficult at the other extreme to convince yourself it matters, and to make sense of anything at all.
Thirty five. The head count comes exact because Marty has tallied them, and because those present universally agree they are aware of no one else left unaccounted for remaining here in town, that they haven’t seen anyone else leave town except for that one young man on his bicycle a few days ago. Granted, a thorough sweep of the county’s lone minuscule hospital has not been forthcoming, and there may be a withering sack of bones dying in agony alone in one of the scattered nursing homes. All but gone, and too much to think about now.
This look shouldn’t work for anyone, but it does for him, somehow. Always has. Marty stands at the same podium he used to address his carpet cleaning fleet each morning, for their daily ten o’clock pep talk, here in the carpeted “board meeting” half of this converted convenience store. Stands in his neatly woven gel helmet, which tumbles down in neat brown curls: a look some might refer to as a mullet, except his is too orderly, too well crafted, too of-a-piece and unique. Large round glasses wafer thin but bordered in bright blue, and with an ever present strap holding them in place upon his head for no known reason. At least the rest is marginally more sensible, that of the grey and black horizontally striped button up shirt, long sleeved despite the unseasonable spring heat, tucked into just barely faded tailored jeans. Capped off by blinding white sneakers, brand new. 
Not that anyone ever quantifies such, but a sensible man would have bet that the daily drink per capita here in Middelfork trended toward the high end of the spectrum. Thus, the first wave of full bore madness hit this town hard, tapering off abruptly as other, larger cities were just beginning to grasp the full extent of the problem. But though Marty, as one of the town’s most prominent businessmen for a decade and a half now, and pretty much the only even remotely commanding presence left, even though he is the most natural choice to address this miniature mass - twice so given the setting - he is on a personal level almost entirely unscathed by what has gone down. Thus feels inappropriate in this role, inadequate, that his ever present cheer is indecent under these circumstances. 
What can he possibly say? His own wife Janice three years gone, and the three girls they had raised went with her. No other relatives to speak of on his side, and only the most distant on hers - if still alive, a point he hasn’t had the time or the means to verify. Phone lines down, both land and cellular, this certainly compounds the unlikelihood he will. And the kind of guy who’s well liked by everyone who’s met him but only in the vaguest sense, because there seems so little depth to him, they sense, he may as well be a sitcom character. And so no real close friends, either. In consideration of all this, he suffers a rare bout of frozen nerves, and fumbles in handing the reigns over to Natalie.
“Let’s start with what we know,” Natalie begins, and for a girl whose most memorable job ever was a radio commercial, the words are curiously hard to come by, her mouth seemingly too dry to function. 
Those damn commercials are still the bane of her existence, even though, for all she knows, radio doesn’t even exist anymore. They didn’t even pay that well. For all she knows, there was never a single person outside her immediate family and one equally regrettable ex-boyfriend aware that it was identity attached to that voice, that spot. Yet whenever she would see a stand up comedian or late night talk show host reference this commercial - and they still had, some two years after the fact - she pulled the covers up over her eyes, blushing even if alone in bed, she wanted nothing so much as to crawl into a corner and hide. 
“January 16, last year” she rasps, a phrase forced out of her at last as a diversionary tactic, to appease the sea of faces pointed up at her, all of whom she imagines hostile though they’ve no reason to be. She’s still grappling with how to extend the sentence, but in the time it takes her to come up with something, the crowd at large assumes this is a standalone sentence, akin to blurting “Pearl Harbor,” or “9/11" and looking around the room for the next ninety seconds. Some shake their heads, and one guy in the back actually whistles, in the manner of a good ol‘ boy showing his approval.
“Every major media outlet reported that effective February first, alcohol sales in the United States would permanently cease.”
Natalie had been taking some broadcasting courses at the low budget community college here in Middlefork. With a student body numbering only in the hundreds, one didn’t drive to class every day imagining that celebrity lie just around the corner - not in the wake of graduation, and certainly not before it. But one spring day out of the blue in her sophomore year she had shown up, and her professor said some production company nearby - she didn’t know anything existed anywhere in the county, but then again, who ever gave thought to where stuff like this was generated - had called up and asked if they had any girls around with “pleasant voices.” Despite a dutiful stint in the church choir some years running, Natalie had never been told there was anything exceptional about her voice, and yet this professor had named her. 
“Fuckin bullshit,” some guy up front mutters, to a general murmured chorus of agreement and head nods. On Natalie, this blunt statement merely had the effect of bringing her back to the present. She stares down at some notes she and Marty and a couple others had jotted down, continues.
“But the government didn’t really enforce this with, like...military,” she says, “you could still get drinks at the bar, and, like, beer at the store or whatever, until they ran out.”
She was never a drinker, Natalie. Ever. Thus the terminology eludes her, she doesn’t feel entirely comfortable addressing the subject. She had never been a particularly good public speaker, either, which made the stigma of that commercial all the more ironic and unforeseen. Well, it would later turn out - she’s fairly positive of this - that her professor was somewhat of a pervert and had dreams of bedding Natalie, hence his reasons for promoting her, to win her favor. But she can’t figure out why Marty tapped her of all people to follow him to this podium, except that she was currently an employee of his. 
Just then, the girl in the summer dress, who’d been outside smoking this entire time, tiptoes into the room. Eyes wide and brows raised, grimacing a mock apologetic horror, she mouths the words “sorry” and grabs the first available seat.
“April 3,” Natalie says, consulting her notes, “our government then issues the statement that they’ve decided they will allow alcohol sales after all, but only at these eight Regional Distribution Centers sprinkled throughout the country.”
To say she merely thinks that professor had an interest in her is the kind of filter Natalie puts over her own mind, to keep herself from thinking about things she’d rather not. But in the rare moments her thoughts dart in that direction - for seconds at a time only, as if trying to escape - she remembers the way she’d been sitting at the computer, alone after class. The way she heard his patent leather shoes smacking quietly across the floor behind her, ever closer, how his hands had slid in from behind her and cupped her breasts, his breath hot on her neck as he attempted to kiss her. 
Well, Natalie had bolted up out of her chair and, blushing, apologetic, stammered something as she fled the room. It only occurred to her later that she’d forgotten to save her project, and for all she knew would have to retype everything the next day. Except there hadn’t been a next day - she blew off every class until the middle of the following week, when the fear of what she’d have to tell her parents after her ruse of being “sick” expired led her back into the classroom. With a sickening smile, in an encounter that still turns her stomach to think about almost as much as the prior one had, her professor sweetly explains he had saved everything for her, she needn’t worry.
“People started, um, disappearing,” she says, and at this, the inevitable tears she knew would arrive make their first appearance, welling up in the corner of her eyes, “but nobody really knew what was happening at first. Not for a long time, actually.” 
Truth is, Natalie had always attracted the psychos, for whatever reason. Self aware and proud of her purity, she thinks maybe the opportunist sees in her a blank slate to write himself upon, as she’s likely to not put forth too much resistance. She just doesn’t have whatever chromosome it is that propels a person deep enough into another person’s circle to violate, offend, take advantage. But in actuality, the professor was not alone. With the exception of Derek, she had successfully rebutted everyone. Derek had seemed so much different to her - different from everyone else, different from whom he in fact turned out to be. He had seemed different, but in the end all that was different about him was that he managed to break her defenses down, he found a way to twist himself inside. 
“August 9,” Natalie forges onward, snuffling only slightly, “the cigarette program begins.” And at this, incredibly, an overweight man with reddish blonde hair, sitting about halfway back, raises his hand. She wasn’t sure how to field this, whether allowing someone else to speak would open the floor up to absolute chaos. But he did have one of the most winning smiles she’d ever seen - Natalie was a sucker for this much, at least, she had to admit - and anyway, weren’t they all on the same team, those of them that had made it. She nods in his direction, says, “yes?”
“And I just wanted to announce that the cigarette program continues out in my ride, where I’ve stockpiled as many cartons as my trunk and backseat will allow. Big ass boat right outside the door, ‘72 Bonneville, maroon...,” he trails off, and like a pressure valve letting off steam, the entire room allows itself to slide into this easy spate of laughter. Even Natalie finds herself chuckling, through the tears. 
She wasn’t a smoker, either. She never did anything. True friends, exclusively female, she would have counted on one hand even during the best of times, which these certainly were not. She wonders if any of those girls were still alive, even, as attempts to contact them had proven fruitless. She isn’t kidding herself that their lives were as blemish free as hers, but still, Natalie liked to think that there was some reward, somewhere, for basically decent people. She still held out hope that her parents were alive, for instance. And her having made it this far she supposes counts for something. Until that one-two punch of the day in the ice cream shop and the disastrous end of her relationship with Derek, she’d allowed herself to believe that the pure were invulnerable to attack, even. This fallacy, however, had clearly been one that an overwhelming majority of her fellow man had placed their faith in, as well, with equally terminal results. 
“Again there are eight Regional Distribution Centers, although in different locations. And even though...even though reports are starting to surface, or should I say it’s pretty obvious a whole lot of people...never came back from the first wave, this one is even...and it seems like now that the media clearly played a huge role in deliberately, um, spreading the confusion and, like, covering up things...this time even more people made the trip to these centers.”
Her lone improper run-in with the professor aside, the sophomore year ended on a high note. She even got the impression that he was padding her grades in a continued effort to butter her up. But she said nothing, allowing herself for once this possibly unethical indulgence, telling herself that she deserved this as compensation for what he had done. The rare occasions she would allow herself to think about the encounter at all, that is. She had completed that radio spot late one April afternoon, been paid a small sum, and forgotten all about it. But then finals week, as if the timing could have been any more unfortunate, it hit the airwaves, and in that instant it was everywhere. 
The content itself no one remembers. Ninety nine out of a hundred people, then or now, would be hard pressed to even name the company whose product she was pitching. But twenty, thirty years on people remember certain catch phrases that are completely divorced from their original meaning, in which the message is now merely a punchline, like the one about falling and being unable to get up, or experiencing something and buying a tee shirt. She was feeling pretty good about the work she had done, until that day in the ice cream shop. 
Natalie has always been a full figured blonde, no doubt about it, always will be. She’ll not be gracing the swimsuit issue of a magazine anytime soon. A few stray pounds around the middle of her short, stocky frame might as well be a sack of cement strapped to her waist, for they are never going anywhere. But owing to an attractive, well proportioned face and an open smile that she was often told effortlessly conveyed friendliness - never mind her general reticence when it came to actually getting to know anyone else - and plenty of guys who plainly didn’t care about some extra pounds so long as it came attached to such a face and some curves in the chest and backside, she’d always felt relatively good about her appearance. From the age of thirteen onward, she’s been a devout walker, too, whether outdoors or on a treadmill. But this she does almost entirely because she genuinely likes it, loves the way it feels, rather than any grand notions about becoming buff. That, and it’s her tradeoff, mentally, with this love of the ice cream cone. Her zealous exercise schedule affords her this precious bounty. 
Sweets otherwise could not have interested her in the least. But she could no more drive past Middlefork’s lone ice cream shop on a hot summer day - or for that matter, a mild spring one, and half of the dreary winter ones - without stopping, than she could bring herself to knock off a bank. And in the summer following that sophomore year, she was interning at the same production company where she’d caught her quote unquote big break, the route home from which led her right past it. For the first couple weeks, her coworkers had teased her about the commercial, but by this point she and everyone else was plenty sick of it.
Seated at one of the nearly deserted room’s tables, picking leisurely with a plastic spoon at her blueberry sundae, Natalie never expected her entire world to come crashing down. She knows that these backwards hat wearing teens across the room have no clue who she is, it’s merely a coincidence. But thanks to the ubiquity of that damn radio spot, a scene like this was probably inevitable somewhere along the line.
“Are YOU making THIRTEEN PERCENT more than you did LAST YEAR?!?” one of the kids shrieks, to a round of guffaws from his comrades.
“No dude, it’s not shrill enough,” one helpfully advises. 
“Like that bitch is anyway,” another says.
“No doubt.”
“Check this out.”
“Yeah, let’s see what you got.
“Are YOU making THIRTEEN PERCENT MORE than you did LAST YEAR?!? WELL!?! ARE YOU!?!” the second comedian blurts, in his best imitation of a nasal, premenstrual young woman. His friends, apparently accepting this as the penultimate, hoot and give high fives.
Even at the height of her paranoia, immediately following the groping incident, she knows it’s nothing personal. Her voice is recognizable countrywide, but nobody knows who she is. Still, in this instant, she knows her days pursuing her chosen major are through. She finishes out her stint at the community college pursuing some vague business degree, and winds up here, in the office at Marty’s Carpets.
“November 14...,” Natalie continues, as she attempts to read her notes through the slight cataract of shimmering tears. Her voice becomes high pitched and choked off, capable of doubling at this point as a dog whistle, “this was the...beginning of....Reunion Week...”
And Marty now has the sense to slide into the spot she’d heretofore occupied at the podium. With a pat on the back and some muttered reassurance, he suggests she take a seat.


His abundant brown hair left to roam unfettered up top, Marty counterbalances by slicking down the sides with gel and letting the back end curl up at the collar. His goofy charm is the only reason he‘s able to pull this off. People instinctively sense that he is kind and harmless, and this makes up for a lot in the business world when an individual is lacking, as he feels he is, a great deal of the cunning normally associated with making a buck. But he trots a good service out there at a reasonable price, and he’s become enough of a fixture in these parts - even just barely over forty, and not yet fifteen years in the business - to cover three counties in six vans and face no real competition. People know who he is. As he has joked on more than one occasion, he had to have his personalized license plates changed becomes the cops were recognizing his car anyway, he’d been issued his fair share of speeding tickets, local pseudo-celebrity or not. And of course, though he tried his best not to dwell on the obvious immediate impact the tragedy of his wife and three children had on business - he agonized over their deaths plenty as its own separate issue - there was no denying this accident played a huge role in his becoming a household name.
“Oookay,” Marty begins, rubbing his hands together, eyeing the notes, all done in the brisk, jaunty manner he effortlessly brings to the table seemingly regardless of circumstance, “yes, Reunion Week. Now...that’s obviously a tough phrase to swallow for all of us, and there’s no real need to elaborate on this one, but...”
The accident, back when it happened, had made Marty alone in his grief, a place he always expected to occupy. Now that he has a meeting room full of folks who share the same, however, this experience, coupled with the meetings he has held every weekday from 9 to 9:30am - pep rallies to get the troops out there cleaning - has made him singularly prepared to lead these people. Or something like that. Problem is he’s never been much of an ideas guy. He’s plenty sensible, but not particularly imaginative. Even this cleaning business, he’d started out as an employee and gradually wound up taking over, buying the original owner out.
“...just so we’re all on the same page, this is when all the major, uh, media outlets announced that our families - all of our families, the people that had gone missing - would be reunited with us. All we had to do was show up at one of the eight, uh, I guess now they were called, the eight, Reunion Checkpoints.”
Everything had been going so well for Marty and his family clear up to the birth of his third daughter. His wife, Janice, was a blue eyed blonde and a fitness nut in a way he could never even dream about being, and there was something oft-commented upon about the way she positively glowed during each of her pregnancies. They had no fixed number, but with Susannah they had been approaching their 40s, and Marty not being one of those guys who just felt he just had to have a boy - on the contrary, he often felt their large four bedroom house in the country seemed all the more sweeter for its overwhelming female presence - that it might be their last. He had passed out pink candy cigars that day here at the office. Little did he know six months later he’d be passing out prayer pamphlets with the dates of their births and death. 
“Now. There has been much speculation - at least there was up until, what was it, first of the year...”
“Yeah, first of the year,” his top salesman, Mike Wood, echoes from the front row.
“...okay, so first of the year, that’s when the media starts shutting down before disappearing altogether. But up until that point,” Marty pauses, as he often does, not for effect or even to collect his thoughts, but rather through some kind of internal anti-rhythm, a tic that has him look at the dry erase board over on one wall, festooned with everyone’s names, “up until that point, though, there was a bunch of speculation about - is the church involved, how heavily is our government involved, uh, are there other countries involved.”
He had been taking karate lessons for all of a month at the time Janice’s minivan went skidding off that country road. He had been taking karate lessons at her insistence - not the karate part, only that he needed to find some kind of hobby, an outlet. Every waking moment of the previous twelve years had been spent thinking about or else engaged in either business or family, and he was fine with that. Marty was also not a guy who tended to stress much. He felt reasonably comfortable around other males, but never had any great need to assemble a crew of buddies - or even just one - to run around with, either. But in his younger days, high school in fact, Marty had formed half an interest in karate, and it is with this long dormant idle fantasy, one parts, mixed with five parts a desire to keep Janice happy, that he had enrolled.
“I don’t need to elaborate how that, uh, how that all turned out,” Marty says.
He was acutely aware of how goofy he looked out there on the mat. Skinny enough, sure, and in decent shape for his age, but never particular muscular, and the flag football of his junior high days a distant memory. But all the guys took an instant liking to him, cheesy jokes and all, and this was something he was used to, winning people over without ever trying. Even after his first session, already the invites to come over for a barbecue or go out for a beer were pouring in. He wasn’t sure why he always declined, only that he unfailingly had. Never a drinker and, despite these podium forays every morning, despite being authoritative enough not to get trampled on by his help, he was not much of a social person, either. 
The authorities were never quite certain what had caused Janice to run the minivan off the road. A clear summer day, no vehicle malfunction, no other cars anywhere nearby. She had simply driven clean off the road, and down the side of a steep incline. Maybe she’d been fidgeting with Katrina’s seatbelt or shouting at Elisabeth or reaching around with one hand to give Susannah something, it really didn’t matter much now. The minivan had gone over that embankment, tumbled end over end six times. They were gone before another soul arrived at the scene.
Marty threw himself into the only thing else he had, work, and never openly wept whether alone or in public. He kept it all inside. At the funeral he assumed the mask of his normal jovial self, and then he retreated. Of course, there was soon this whole other mess to contend with, that which now occupies his and these other thirty or so survivors, who knows how many else.
“The only question is,” he says, “what do we do now.”



Grandma drives the van with surprising gusto given her age. Seventy-two and still as fired up as ever, Grandma is living proof – as far as she’s concerned, she may be the final living proof – that in all but the most extreme cases, a woman past a certain age will always be considered “sweet.” For the first thirty five years, roughly, of her marriage to the late Harry Delaney, she was fired up to keep their marriage together through his frequent spells of alcoholic overindulgence; when that crisis eventually passed, it’s as though they both woke up and were fired up to get their retirement finances in order; now, all that merely a seven decade footnote, it seems, to these past fifteen months, she’s fired up for resolution, some answers while time remains to find them.
  She’s been a maid for most of her adult life, so in some respects the shift, shortly after she reached that magic threshold of sixty-five, over to Marty’s cleaning business made sense. Harry was by then retired from the factory himself, although all this meant was forty hours a week instead at the much more sedate Ultratek repair center in a strip mall there in Middlefork. As Marty used and sold exclusively Ultratek products, he had a working relationship with the folks there. One thing led to another and Harry suggested she go to work at Marty’s Carpets, that the pay was better and the work surely not as bad, and Marty had a great reputation around these parts. Eyeing their financial outlook, she couldn’t disagree.
  The dust kicked up by these damn vacuums – and they were some fine, powerful units, no doubt about that – was hell on the lungs, and though she was able to deduct the mileage, there was no pay for travel time, only for the job done. Thus it made absolute sense not only for Marty to generally have the employees with the most tenure do the driving, but it made sense from the perspective of your own paycheck to learn every street name and every short cut in every podunk town around here, and how to drive like literally hell on wheels.
Her memory is still as strong as the patented Ultratek Double Pump vacuum. But the new hires came and went with such frequency that there was no point in obsessing over names until the individual had proven he or she would last. She recognizes that the one tall, lanky, somewhat nerdy kid with glasses showed up as one of the survivors this morning, and she recalls conversations had with him, entire days even, from the short period he worked with her, but cannot remember his name.
He had been with her the day she drove the company van to Warburton to track down a trio of Mexicans – two males and a, what was it they called her, a senorita – who knew one another, gave the same address, and had all worked somewhere shy of a week. Unfortunately, each still had the brand new Ultratek that Marty loaned to every employee. Unfortunately, the address they had given did not exist.
Grandma was too set in her ways to own a cell phone and this kid apparently too antisocial to bother. So they had driven to the nearest fast food restaurant, as it was lunchtime anyway, and she had called Marty from an increasingly rare pay phone.
“That’s grand theft,” Marty told her with a resigned sigh, and she could picture him in his office, rolling his neck as he massaged it with his one free hand, which he always seemed to be doing,. “I don’t wanna go there, but yeah, I think the dollar amounts we’re talking I have no choice”
  “Okay. Just thought I’d let you know.”
They are currently driving down I-75 en masse, Grandma helming one of Marty’s six vans. When it came time to roll out, these vans were a natural choice, and as it turns out they pretty much needed exactly this number of vehicles to transport a headcount that was finally tallied at 38. The lone exception being the fat redheaded guy who insisted on driving his aircraft carrier of a relic, this maroon monstrosity that could seat only one other passenger thanks to the heaping mound of cigarettes he’d had piled in his back seat and presumably trunk. 
People describe Grandma as sweet, and she supposes she is - sweet enough that no one addresses her, ever, as Doris now that Harry is gone. Sweet enough that she usually sprung for lunch when saddled with a new recruit on her carpet cleaning assignments. As she had in fact that day at the fast food joint in Warburton, after the fruitless search for the Mexicans, and the tall lanky kid with glasses had been the one and only exception who refused to eat anything. This despite his surely being broke - she could sniff these things out - and having a ravenous mien about him pretty much all the time. 
But she’s not so sweet, apparently, that anyone would want to ride shotgun with her. Saddled as she is with five bored, shiftless youths who all prefer sitting in the back. Four of them  are chatting incessantly, albeit in mostly subdued tones, thank god for that, but the tall tanned blonde with a dreadful shade of purple lipstick, her hair done up in - what do they call those, corn rows? - she has been muttering nonstop into a cell phone since they left Marty’s Carpets even though as far as Grandma knew those stopped working completely months ago. That and, which she would have been reluctant to admit to anyone except maybe Marty and one or two of the other veterans, Grandma looks in the rearview mirror often, gleaning what she can about her fellow occupants, and with each glance, Grandma sees the blonde cupping a breast in her free hand and inspecting it, then the other. Every time, and all the way still mumbling into the phone. Such blatant sexually - vulgar, vulgar, vulgar. Girls never behaved this way in her youth. 
Able to tune out the circumstances for a moment, her mind drifts back to that lustrous youth. Harry had been such a gentleman then, and so handsome, a tall, dark haired, Irish Catholic boy. And oh how long and sweet their courtship had been, culminating in the expected marriage straight out of high school. But four years in the service followed - during which time she cranked out the first of their eventual three children, having discovered she was with child just before he left - and to say he came back a different man, fouler mouthed and more prone to drink and violent mood swings, would be an understatement. But these were the things one did for one’s country then. An able bodied male and the country at war, he marched in and signed up and was shipped away. 
Like any marriage, theirs was a bumpy ride. Back then, however, the couple simply rode through these bad times, the husband and wife - more often than not the latter - took it as a matter of great pride and stubbornness that nobody was going to ruin this family, particularly not the husband. And so the two a.m. cruises around town when Harry was on a good bender, bouncing from bar to bar to try and track him down - it got to where the patrons all knew Doris’s name, even though she never stayed, and certainly never drank. 
They made it through these rocky episodes, and somewhere around or just after his fiftieth birthday, Harry finally settled down. Even so, though the factory paid decent and gave good benefits, they’d never done much more than struggle by through food costs and house payments and all the other expenses of maintaining a household. With the aggravation of dealing with his wild side gone, she was able to take up housekeeping at a local motel, and they slowly accumulated the proverbial nest egg. All of which was exposed now as having been completely meaningless.
The general consensus was for them to drive near the closest regional checkpoint center, which from the northwest corner of Ohio meant a trip to Huntsville, West Virginia. No one had the first clue what they’d do once they got there, nor that this was necessarily the wisest action plan, but at this point they were grasping for any foothold whatsoever. The chances of rustling up 38 people in the name of any cause at this point was becoming highly unlikely, and everyone felt, though no one would say, that this was their best shot to accomplish something, anything, to get some answers. At this point, you’d be lucky to get 38 people to attend a Super Bowl, assuming there were enough football players around to even flesh out two teams. 
They do encounter the odd vehicle, however. Most are moving in the other direction, but some also head south, albeit at a much slower clip, as if driving well below the speed limit would somehow stave off apocalyptic doom. The landscape is completely different from every end-of-the-world miniseries Grandma ever caught on television. There aren’t a bunch of abandoned vehicles clogging the interstates, nothing’s on fire that she can see. The sky is still the same color as it had always been. When you pull over for gas or groceries, you’re able to get everything just as you had before - the only difference being, no one is collecting any money. Deliveries are still apparently made, but no one is minding the store. Things still look the same, there’s just no one around. Anywhere.
It’s as they come within a half mile of their first east-west interstate, I-70, that they realize something is horribly wrong. First they notice the giant metallic Xs, painted orange and barbed, at least twenty feet high, blocking further progress along this route. Then they notice that the remaining quarter mile between this and that intersection has been completely gouged out, into a deep ravine. Lastly, it is at this juncture that they notice the men in the three piece suits, sporting walkie talkies, flanking them on both sides of the highway. 



Mike Wood had never been a particularly gifted decision maker. As they stand around the vans, wondering what to do next, Mike surely would have fumbled if asked his opinion on the subject. His life has been a whole series of near misses, the way he sees it, caused primarily by this waffling. He knows it, and at times it’s bothered him, but people essentially fall into the same rhythms they’ve maintained their whole lives. 
Take his status, basically, as a career long bachelor. People hear him talk about himself this way, and they picture him as a ladies man, but it had never been like this. On the contrary, from the age of about eighteen onward, he’s maintained with clocklike persistence a near perfect schedule of being single for long stretches of time, ranging from roughly nine to eighteen months, followed immediately by a serious relationship that lasts about that long as well. His record is four years. But that was an aberration on the long side, and on the other end, none of them had been any shorter than that three quarters of a year mark. 
He’s quiet and thinks a lot, but knows this doesn’t make a person deep, and that he isn’t. But he supposes there must be something missing in him the way he’s latched onto these women, clinging to them instantly. Meanwhile, the image he presents apparently confuses them: they see his handlebar moustache and the leather jacket he wears around in the cold months, the basic attire of a mechanic year round, and something about him screams bad boy. It takes at most eighteen months then for them to slowly come to grips with his being, on the contrary, about the most boring guy in the world.
The thing is, he knows he’s cheese knife dull, and has occasionally taken great pains to inject a little excitement into his life. But none of these passions ever take, primarily because he’s never doing it for himself. He’s just not a passionate guy. When single he drifts around from activity to activity, he has a few casual acquaintances, the tv is on but he’s never really paying attention to it. Dinner, usually a premade frozen concoction he nukes or sticks in the oven, is prepared and dispatched without a whole lot fanfare. Still, he knows he isn’t a bad guy, and believes that this should count for something.
Maybe his still being present and accounted for is that great reward for being the one dude he’s ever really known without any major skeletons in his closet. Prospective mates could spend years digging up dirt on him and find nothing, because there is nothing. A few beers with the guys every once in a tremendously long while - back when these had been plentiful, that is - but you could count those occasions on one hand in a year’s time. No arrests, ever, no scandals, he’s no more or no less thrifty with his money than anyone else. Before money became a moot point, anyway.
So all around just your average, insipid guy, and yet he wonders about that part in the Bible, that part concerning the meek and their inheritance of this planet. Naturally it went without saying that he’d never been a particularly religious man, either, that he’d attended church sparingly over the years - primarily during his brief stint in a Christian singles group - and that he was probably missing the larger point. But the way he sees it, if this is how they’re hooked up for being essentially good people who stayed home and interfered with no one, that’s great and all, except he’s not convinced the tradeoff was worth it. He feels he missed out on a chance at a normal life back when life had a chance to be normal. That is gone, now. At least as far as any of them know, it is, and so what he’s left with is the thought that he’s pushing forty, he threw his lot in and attempted to start a family with at least ten women in the past two decades, and they had all eventually found him lacking for one reason or another. 
Mike’s leaning against the van, staring down at the highway’s shoulder and occasionally up at the plateau above them, where the men in the business suits and shades continue to pace around, speaking into their walkie talkies. Marty and some of the other important people are discussing what to do next, and this is fine with Mike. But he glances up at the men high above them again, and for a second there he believes his eyes deceive him - except that as he continues to stare, the same thing happens again.
“Hey Marty....”
No question about it, Mike was Marty’s number one salesman this side of Grandma, and while he’d never stopped to examine why, he’d once heard someone chalk it up to his “knuckleheaded grace.” Whether this was an actual compliment he couldn’t say, but hey, he’d paid his bills for two and a half years, he’d done quite well working at Marty’s Carpets. He was not a born leader, and he said little, and what he did say typically was corny as hell and had no depth but when he spoke, it all worked out somehow. 
At the mere mention of his name Marty’s eyebrows shoot up above the rim of his glasses. He breaks away from the powwow and joins Mike beside the van, as his top associate crooks a finger skyward. 
“Watch those guys...I’m not sure they’re guys at all, I think they’re...”
“Huh? What do you mean?”
“They keep...blinking....in and out or whatever you wanna, uh, wanna call it, you...”
“Blinking?”
“Yeah, just watch, it’s like they’re holo - holo - what do you call it, mirages or something.” 
So Mike had been a year removed from his last breakup at the time the call to head west came through. Some people went online to view porn, some went for the various dating sites, but he’d honestly never tried any of this. In his boredom, he’d merely been trawling through one of the popular national classifieds sites - job postings, things for sale, et cetera - and that’s when he’d stumbled across the odd request, one that rekindled a long dormant passion in him, at a time he had none, and desperately needed one.  
Such a kind, trusting old lady, this Mrs. Keehner, whose husband had recently passed and left behind an office and a garage and a storage shed jammed to the ceiling with the physical specimens of his lone true passion in life, stamp collecting. In his wake he leaves behind no notes and no discernible method of organization, just heap upon heap, and binder after baggie after envelope of these stamps. Thing is, Mrs. Keehner doesn’t have the first clue about these stamps herself. But, as she admits to Mike and surely each of the other applicants over the phone, she’d take her chances on the honesty of someone who called her up based on the thin prospects of the ad more than she would, say, taking this collection to an appraiser. 
This was just the sort of diversion he needed to get his mind off of LeeAnn, his last great love. Awakening as it did memories of a pursuit he’d both picked up and set aside during a six month stretch of his ninth year on this planet. Stamp collecting! This old lady willing to pay him and by the sounds of it two or three others to come to her house and sort through this mess. If he could fly out there, she’d compensate handsomely enough for what she estimated would take at least two months. Besides, he had combed through virtually every even remotely interesting ad on the free internet classified site for weeks, with nothing to show for it but a whole lot of wasted time.
On many level Mike was the least likely guy imaginable to pack up and take to the skies. He’d only been west of the Mississippi once, to a funeral in St. Louis. He’d never been terribly interested in traveling, period, or rather he might have been except it took all he could just to pay the bills on time - there wasn’t a whole lot left over, ever, and certainly nothing ever saved. He was a mechanic, most of all, an occupation which didn’t exactly bring to mind images of musty living rooms and apple pie, sifting through piles of stamps. 
But he’d never had much in common with his brethren, really. Even guys he’d worked with for years. Mike often stood around with them outside the bay doors during a lull or a break, as they smoked their cigarettes, and managed a modicum of conversation. But most of his answers were flat stock ones, and he was always content to let them do ninety percent of the talking. Despite the height and build - despite the moustache - he never felt as macho as these guys, never felt the need to prove himself such. They would always get on these conversational rolls with one another about girls or liquor or cars, even, and Mike would grin and nod and occasionally throw in a witticism, but he couldn’t connect on any significant level. The passion just wasn’t there.
He has some inkling of how constricted his life has been as he boards the plane at Toledo International and waits for the inevitable liftoff. Such an unexpected relief to have walked away from the shop he’d toiled within for the past six years, terminated the month-to-month lease at the apartment he’d rented for eight. This check in his pocket, and the money he’s saving by having no rent to pay at present, and the cashed in unused two weeks of vacation, these equate to a fresh start. 
 Landing in Seattle at 11:15 Pacific, Mike takes his first ever rental car the three hours west to this sleepy bedroom community, Randall, somewhere n the middle of Washington. He arrives at the address Mrs. Keehner had given him, expecting to crash on the couch maybe and go apartment hunting in the morning. But at her surprisingly palatial estate, he pulls into the driveway and is surprised to find what must be every light in the house blazing bright. With no regard for the hour, his benefactor - she introduces herself for the first time as Alice - answers the door, leads him into a living room that is piled above its occupants’ head with stamps: a slight, pale retiree named Dan, and this bubbly brunette in her twenties named Amy. Mike shakes their hands and settles immediately in to work, jet lag be damned. 



“Mike’s right,” Marty concludes, as eight or ten of the more devoted participants in this odyssey gather around and gape at the men above them.
Though they see no weapons, everyone is eventually too spooked by these apparitions winking in and out, that they climb back in the vans, cross the grassy median, and head back the other way. This was their only real option to begin with - they figure why wait to see if these figures open fire, or military vehicles appear on the horizon to hem them in. 
Marty looks beyond their immediate circle to those loitering against the last van, some fifty yards away. Natalie catches just a flash of disappointment in his features, which is rare - she’s never seen him lose his cool, and expressions such as these, the flinch of distaste, she has witnessed just a handful of occasions. Then it is gone, and he is the composed leader again. And maybe it’s just her wish that the others back there were more involved, instead of standing around, smoking cigarettes and mumbling, clearly disinterested, but she’s fairly certain that this is what Marty’s thinking, too. They seem completely detached, however, as though having no stakes in the outcome at all. 
With Mary as their leader, this inner core agrees to retreat. They have seen no other cars for an hour, since passing the last exit. Presumably all the other motorists were locals who knew these final couple miles to be a dead end. Backtracking to and then off at that exit, they find a quiet village where, descending upon a shocked and visibly shaken convenience store owner for some much needed cold drinks, they are eventually able to calm him down enough to extract a map to a route he’s heard about some thirty miles to the east that cuts underneath the interstate. 
Natalie’s at the wheel of the third van as they wind along these country roads. Even considering the dire circumstances, there had been somewhat of a playful air to their driving south along I-75 - sometimes it just felt good to get behind the wheel and mash the pedal. But along these curvy single lane routes, there is none of that, merely the steady forward progress of their vehicles, as dull and businesslike as a military procession. Even the conversation seems stifled.
That long haired brunette in the tan summer dress with orange flowers on it is riding shotgun with Natalie. She is always too shy to ask another person’s name, and this girl never volunteers it. She mostly sits smoking cigarettes - this does bother Natalie somewhat, but again she’s too shy to say anything, though at least this girl has her window cracked - and asks Natalie an occasional question. That’s it.
Natalie feels that she has been a very humble person her entire life, and never asked for anything. But it seems to her that what she and the other survivors have lost, apart from the apparent, though unresolved, tragedies of their friends and families, is the reasonable expectation of a normal life. There was a steady progression of events you could bank on before - education, career, spouse, home, children, retirement. Maybe everyone would achieve these things, maybe not, but at least there was a pattern that made sense, a framework and the time and opportunity to pursue. But this bizarre series of events, thrust into their routines like a wedge, has disrupted all that. Which is why she doesn’t get the disinterest of girls like this one sitting beside her, examining her fingernails idly as she puffs away.
All this thinking about family and career inevitably leads Natalie to Derek. Maybe she is still obsessed, hurt though she is, by that magical month and a half they spent together. Mostly magical, until its terrible end. But why shouldn’t she mull continually over it? He had been her first, and to date her only. Hard to believe, with all the promiscuity these days, but true: twenty years old and she’d still been a virgin. 
She had been on a couple double dates in high school, when one of her girl friends asked, but that was it. Nothing ever progressed any further. Natalie was attracted enough to boys - she certainly had her share of movie and television stars she swooned over - but it was very important to her to get her education and her career off the ground first. Up until that twentieth summer, that is, when things sort of changed.
Possibly it had something to do with that incident with the professor. Her summers had always been spent more or less in the same fashion, idling at the ice cream stand with her girl friends, sleepovers, driving around town with them and the radio on, hanging out by the pool. But that particular summer for whatever reason involved more of the former and not as much of those others. Initially she paid little attention to the hunky lifeguard who kept coming over to speak to her and her friends. He is a couple years older than them, and Natalie doesn’t remember him from school at all. And even when it became obvious that he was singling Natalie out more than the others for his attention - when her friends began teasing her about this - she initially refused to believe it. But as she stood in line for the concession stand one scorching afternoon in late June, the lifeguard, so charismatic, so handsome, now familiar to her as Derek, approaches and invites her to ride with him to a party later that night. 
Natalie’s nerves lead her to instantly accept, then she hurries home and spends the remainder of the afternoon and then the early evening fretting over every detail, including the acceptance itself. What if there was drinking at this party - would there be drinking at this party? Maybe not, but probably. She isn’t sure if Derek drinks or not, although he does seem very muscular and athletic and it is likely he takes too much care with his body to poison himself like that.
When he pulls into her parents’ driveway at nine in his giant jet black truck, so high off the ground she’s afraid with one look at it that she won’t be able to climb inside, she has decided on a skirt of almost the same color as his ride, a white tank top and a baby blue cotton blouse, unbuttoned, atop it. Makeup applied in a sparkling manner that her mother has always said makes her look very attractive. Derek doesn’t come to the door, he merely honks the horn once and sits in his truck with the engine running. This she attributes to shyness more than anything else, though, and the same with how he barely says a word to her the entire ride across town, he merely chews his gum and adjusts the volume on his stereo. 
The party is a disaster. Whoever’s house this is, his or her parents are out of town and the place is overrun with the kind of hoodlums she’d never dream of associating with in her normal routines. The air is thick with cigarette smoke, but she doesn’t initially have enough courage to find her way out onto the back patio for some fresh air, until Derek leads the way. She then spends nearly the remainder of the night out there, too shy to even head indoors to pee. She nurses one can of cola, then another, and the guys are uniformly too cool to say anything to her - even Derek’s friends huddle just out of earshot, and often look over, and she can see that they are making wisecracks about something but she isn’t sure what. Some of the girls she recognizes from school, a couple of them she even knows and likes somewhat, and is thankful for their presence because they talk to her more than Derek does.
Unfortunately, those times he does come around, her heart just melts. This would explain some of the more disgraceful circumstances of the month or so to follow. She’s aware that she becomes even less popular and the target for even more jokes when she makes a big deal about not riding home with Derek, but he had been drinking! He had consumed, as far as she could tell, four beers from the keg they have on ice! He looks confused as they argue mildly in the backyard, and burps a lot, his eyes rolling to some degree in his head. He appears to be swaying. And this is how, teary eyed, she walks home at a forced clip, tears streaming down her face, ruining her sparkling makeup. When cars approach, she obscures her face as much as possible, and if there’s any shrubbery, she ducks inside it. 
She avoids the pool, and for that matter goes nowhere else for the next few days. She does a great job of keeping up a cheery facade, though, because she knows her parents will press her for details, and she doesn’t feel like getting into it. Yet when Derek shows up on her front porch three days later, in the middle of a Tuesday afternoon, and apologizes profusely, makes some wisecracks about what an idiot he is, and how stupid a lot of the other people there were as well, she’s charmed all over again. She blushes and laughs. And so it is she spends a few hours on a couple different occasions over at his parents’ house, watching him play video games. When the game is paused to load the next level, or it’s one of his friends’ turn, he talks to her extensively, and mumbles humorous asides even when he is playing that make her chuckle profusely.
Natalie believes the night at the party was an aberration, and that she is falling in love with this boy. 



Sparksville State appears on the southern horizon in the center of the sleepy town that bears its name. A series of frolicking hills leads them on a steady downhill slope to the heart of this tightly wound village, which itself is pancake flat. That they have heard nothing is not surprising, considering that the plug has been pulled on virtually all media, but what greets them here is what’s been missing from every other city, village, hamlet, neighborhood, block they’ve passed through during this nightmare: people. And not just people, but a well organized ensemble of them.
The heart of this berg is a cleverly titled north-south Main Street, all of maybe eight blocks long, and the university’s banner hangs from seemingly every light pole. Red with one yellow S at both the left and the right extreme, as some vague electricity themed squiggle connects the two. Marty has never heard of them, but from his shotgun seat he polls the van. He understands that it is his job to remain as jovial as possible. Grandma, leading the pack behind the wheel, turns left at his behest and says she has heard of them, maybe they had a decent football team awhile back, she believes they are known as the Electrons. Neither the terrified middle aged folks nor the younger burnouts have anything to offer at all. 
To a person, however, the minds gathered in this van are jarred into alertness by a distant peal of applause, which, in volume enough and heard from a great enough remove, sounds as it does here, like a burst of white noise static. Followed presently by the megaphone amplified voice of an unintelligible and as yet unidentified speaker, his voice the equivalent of an exotic species’ call from this far out, all low end rattle and just a twinge of feedback. As they drive nearer to the source of this voice, isolated phrases begin to pronounce themselves from the murk.
“…an artificially constructed economy……rates like marionette puppets……could not and will not sustain itself…”
Marty is secretly relieved when they encounter the unexpected sight of probably a hundred people gathered on the campus lawn. He has been an effective leader without ever necessarily wanting to be one, and still does not really feel that he genuinely is one. He somehow built a successful business enterprise without, as far as he can recall, raising his voice once the entire time he ran (continues to run? Things are a bit murky, now) Marty’s Carpets. This of course flies in the face of everything he’s ever heard or read about being an astute businessman, but he is who is and it has worked. Maybe not for these cutthroat Wall Street types he used to see on various t.v. shows or whatever, but in small town Ohio, he has done just fine with this approach. 
He feels like everything, up to the point of the accident that took his family away, was laid out like dominoes for him. He never had a difficult decision to make, it was always so simple, so cut and dried. And there have been times in reasoning his way through the death of his wife and children that he wonders if maybe this wasn’t his “purpose” in life, if this isn’t the way things were “meant to be.” He’s never been much of a religious guy, but who knows, maybe there is something there in the way the churchgoers he has known always talk about these things. 
“We have to ask ourselves: why the sudden shift away from transporting goods by train?” the voice at the podium booms, ever louder as they draw nearer and Grandma parks, at a curbside spot just barely within sight of a large campus lawn where everyone is apparently gathered, “trains are undeniably a more efficient mode of moving mass product, and cause no greater environmental damage than fleets full of semi trailers clogging our highways. But once our government climbed into bed with the omnipotent overseas oil coalitions, there was no turning back…”
Marty has always believed that no matter how adrift his heart and mind have been, he has had a business to run, and people who relied on him for both a paycheck and this other thing, to be the guide. And so he has come to view Janice and the girls’ death, happening when it did, as the precursor of things to come - he had time to grieve and to deal with it, to sort things out as best as he could, and that prepared him all the more for his role now. 
Nonetheless, this relief at the guy orating at the podium, amplified. Wearing a tweed coat despite the unseasonable warmth of this April day, bespectacled and dignified with his salt and pepper mop top: a professor, Marty’s guessing? Because even in the way he had gradually taken over and owned that carpet cleaning mini-empire, it had not been some grand design, he had never been this overachieving dreamer with a ton of aggression, or whatever.
When he had been merely an employee, he had been the guy running around in the rain, the nasty Ohio winters, whatever, fulfilling these engagements. He had been the dude giving the demonstration that the filthiest place in any person’s house is not the floor beside the toilet, nor underneath the refrigerator, but rather the mattress they sleep on every night, in their bedroom. 
“I could stand here all day and this wouldn’t even scratch the surface,” he was fond of telling dumb struck homeowners, frozen, watching him and the dirt pile up inside the clear Ultratek chamber with their mouths shaped in aghast little Os.
He was also the guy who would get roped into chatting with these poor, middle aged old ladies in their living rooms to the point it would make him late for his next appointment. They’d pull out scrapbooks, they’d give him canning jars of goodies culled from their gardens. He also the goober who in moving a couch once ripped an old man’s phone jack completely out of the wall, which made for some strange exchanges, in the era just before absolutely every person had a cellular device - Marty did not, despite his line of work- where the old man was interested in buying a vacuum and they had to negotiate with the owner over a gas station pay phone. And though he has never thought of himself as a tremendous ideas man, he did have exactly one, that he can recall, in his entire stint with this industry: when the time came and the owner suggested they start selling these vacuums, too, it was Marty who dreamed up the lottery.
They were already doing a reasonable business in Middlefork, with just their number in the yellow pages and word of mouth around town. Merely a carpet cleaning service, nothing else. But as the Ultratek systems were not exactly cheap to put it mildly, and this was a middle class community at best, why not beat feet on the sidewalk, Marty proposed, and start spreading the word? 
His idea was that they’d go door to door, and offer a free vacuum demo/carpet cleaning for filling out this simple name-address-phone number card, which it turn would be put into a monthly drawing for $1000. The prize pool would gradually increase as this concept took off; in addition to commissions on the sales, the employees received a bonus for 15 demos and/or for every 100 cards they handed out - a hundred cards the equivalent of one demo. 
“…the president of the United States is not the most powerful person in the world. He has not been for quite some time. That honor would go to the Chairman of the Federal Reserve…”
From that point forward, Marty could chart a slow, steady uphill climb with everything he touched. Everything made perfect sense, there was never any question what the next move should be. The owner needs a partner, Marty stays up late pacing around the bedroom and discussing matters with Janice, he consults a loan officer at the bank. A couple years later, the owner wants out and Marty buys up the remainder. Business slowly blossoms. He and Janice don’t save much, but he’s exceptional at planning what the next piece of home improvement is, or the next vacation, and stowing away precisely the money they need for this great expenditure on the horizon. And then moving on to another one.
“…the thinking being…you would manually engineer lower interest rates, and this would encourage a flood of private sector money into the economy…then in turn you could gradually raise the prime…it’s only when this backfires and everyone sits on their dough that…”
Again, Marty has never been an ideas man. He was never even a particularly good salesman. When he thinks about the house that was made incrementally into its now impressive state - empty - and the family lost, he feels like he may never have another idea again. Thus it comes as some relief that as the half dozen vans roll up to a somewhat orderly stop at the curb, that the middle aged man at the podium stops talking and grins broadly, steps off the podium to greet them. Marty will happily hand over the reigns.



“We have to be systematic, and we have to be strong,” the man who has introduced himself as Professor Logan says - no first name given.
“Mmm hmm,” Marty says, nodding soberly. He grasps for something wise to offer, not because he feels he has anything to prove to his own party, but almost as if to justify his stature as a group leader to this newer, larger crew they’ve encountered, “systematic...like how?”
Logan and Marty walk side by side ahead of maybe twenty other bodies as the former pontificates and everyone else just listens. Most of what he’s saying has nothing to do with this university in the slightest, yet he insisted on giving Marty and some of his “key associates” a tour through the halls of this one large building, just the same. As coincidence would have it, they near a room that apparently ties in with the question Marty just asked. 
“See this?” Logan says, waving his hand at a room filled with roughly two dozen computers, a desk beneath each and a few currently in use. This stray handful of students, scattered about the room, they stop more or less in unison whatever it is they’re working on - checking email, trawling the internet, catching up on the latest social media gossip - to beam over at the party ogling them from the door.
“But I thought-“ Marty begins.
“That’s right,” Logan smiles with unmistakable pride, “they jammed our internet access, the wireless even, but I’ve got some of the brightest minds assembled here to reestablish those connections. It’s only a matter of time before we get the phones back in service, but in the meantime...we’ve networked with similar outposts in this country, we’ve connected with people in others - China, France, Madagascar, even.”
“This is....this is happening everywhere?” Marty stutters.
“Oh yes,” Logan says, his expression shifting on a dime into a strident grimace, “it’s happening everywhere. Everywhere developed, that is - we’re trying to reach out to some of these more remote locations before it’s too late.”
“But what is going on?” Marty asks, “we never really figured out what...”
“More on that later,” Logan mutters, “when we are one on one, perhaps?”
“Uh...yeah...sure....”
“Great!” Logan says, and clasps his hands together, “in the meantime - we’ve actually got a handful of tremendous cooks among us and they’ve been in the cafeteria kitchen for hours, same as they are every day, for the sheer love of whipping up wonderful concoctions. Did you and your people...intend to join us?”
“Well, sure,” Marty says, arms crossed in a posture he hopes looks assertive enough. He recognizes this is one of the few opportunities he’s had since they hooked up with this Logan to look authoritative, and feels as a representative, of sorts, of this contingent from up north, that it’s important he try to look the part as best he can, “I mean, yeah, sure, I mean, we’ll have to talk it over, but yeah, I don’t see...”
“Fantastic!” Logan says, and grabbing Marty by the elbow, leads him and the rest of this touring troupe further down the hall.



Marty’s a great guy, Grandma thinks, but he could stand to be a little more forceful. If she was in charge of this outfit, she’d be asking a lot more questions of this Logan character, that’s for sure. But she isn’t, and she doesn’t want to make waves, so she insinuates herself into the one place where no one would ever deny she knows what she’s doing: the kitchen. Besides, she is asking plenty of questions here, you better believe it. She is getting to the bottom of things.
In the heart of the main building, the cafeteria bustles with folks split into two basic camps. A couple dozen total, with half occupied cleaning up the spacious eating area itself, setting it up with plates and glasses and silverware, the others in the kitchen cooking. They have no problem stepping aside and letting Grandma into the mix - she has a way with people, and besides, it’s evident that she really knows what she’s doing. They caution her that Dr. Logan has scheduled a 6pm eating time, which gives her only an hour and a half, but this is a big enough window to work some magic. 
The task at hand reminds her of so many episodes from years gone past. People that are no longer, apparently, still around. All those nights where Harry would roll in at 2:30 in the morning completely smashed and she would whip up something hot on the stove - Grandma has never been a fan of the microwave, though she’ll grudgingly admit they do have their moments of utility - and force him to eat, because he would have to be up for the factory in four hours or so and she knew he hadn’t had dinner, she knew he’d feel that much worse if he went to bed with an empty stomach. By extension awake herself even before he was set to rise, to ensure Harry didn’t oversleep, and force him to eat a modest breakfast as well.
Or all those family outings - many a Sunday and certainly every major holiday. Grandma loved those. Coming home from church with a few things simmering, and diving in with a passion to conjure up the rest. Natalie had been over for many such occasions, Marty and his family a few, some of the others here and there even. There was always something so basic and reassuring about those gatherings, they warmed her heart, they proved that good people understood the value of breaking bread together. Not everyone got caught up in all that other nonsense you saw on the news every night. Even Harry - he liked his drink, but at heart she knew he was a devoted man, he always provided for her and the children. And he never got sauced at these outings.
She quickly acclimates herself to this spacious kitchen. Oh, what she wouldn’t have done with this much room all those years! The entire square footage of that modest box she has lived in for five decades and counting isn’t even this big, much less the minuscule kitchen. But what is she saying? She catches herself, as she always does during those extremely rare moments when she has wished for more money or a flashier life. Money never did anything for anybody except lead to ruination and spoil. Anything beyond what a family needed to get by, it was all unnecessary and often downright evil. Heck, she wouldn’t be surprised if it’s them damn rich people you always read about in those magazines that are behind everything that’s going on right now - greedy, ungrateful heathens, they didn’t have enough, they needed more. 
This is why she’s asking questions. Nothing too obvious or pushy, mind you - she hums a little bit, stirring a pot, say, and looks over the top of her glasses with a mild inquiry. Marty was always describing her as a “tough customer” and she really likes this. Grandma knows that she is a “tough customer.” She really likes these people, too, and it’s unfortunate, but none of them seem particularly disposed to figuring out who is behind all this. She’s ninety nine percent certain it’s some combination of the government, the media, and those rich people, but you can’t just assume these things. She agrees with Dr. Logan on one thing, at least, they’ve got to be organized. She hasn’t survived this long by sheer accident, now.



Marty had given Mike some vague instructions to “maybe put those burnouts over there to work,” but Mike had never really felt comfortable bossing people around. And anyway, he’s an able bodied guy, there’s no reason he can’t tackle the bulk of this project with the help of just a few others who really want to help. Still, as he’s lifting a suitcase out of the back of one of the vans and watches four of them walk away - on the other side of the campus’s small front lawn, across the main street, down some other side avenue - and wonders how they can be so unconcerned with their fate. 
Mike has never shown it, and this was in fact one of the complaints Amy had, that he was too unresponsive, but he’s always kind of thought of himself as one of those, what is it, people refer to them, he thinks, as “heart-felt” guys. It had ended badly with Amy, but as seems to be the case more often than not, he can’t really say what it is he did wrong.
A suitcase and a duffel bag under each arm, he considers his all too brief foray out there in the Pacific Northwest. Six months all told, but it seemed much shorter then, and all the more so now. Of course, he met Amy upon impact in the greater Seattle region, and sped through those months with a fury in the company of her. 
He still remembers his first night out there as well as any except maybe the last. The old woman’s entire house smelled of fresh baked apple pie, and the four of them - the old lady and her three respondents to the ad - were up past dawn sifting through piles of stamps. Subsequent nights were a lot less like marathons, though stretching, each, until well past midnight. There was something about the interaction of the four of them that never grew stale. Dan Archer, the sixty-seven year old retiree, peering over his ridiculously small spectacles, stitching disparate conversations together with his droll comments and his smoker’s cough. The old lady generating much of the actual discussion herself, a seemingly endless and often surprisingly enjoyable well of stories, about the life and times of this career homemaker, that always intertwined and led into theirs, emerging with cookies and coffee and other treats from her kitchen, which to Mike always looked and smiled like a coffee shop. And of course, Amy, a twenty year old college student, who should have been much too young for him - certainly representing a far greater age gap than any other in his experience - but by the third night they were going to an all night diner together with their collective weariness from viewing stamps. By the fourth night, they were sleeping together.
Mike never bothered investing a whole lot of thought into why Amy took to him. She had traveled a couple states west to attend college here and knew not a soul. Her parents were hooking her up with a monthly stipend, though, and it was clear this was her first taste of the quote unquote real world - she’d finished two years at a community college living with her folks, she had never worked a job. But even with the parental handouts it quickly become clear to her that another source of pocket cash would be needed, though neither she nor the other two had the first inkling that this old lady was going to hook them up as she did.
She was the most trusting person Mike had ever met - the old lady, that is, though Amy, with her essential sweetness, tied for a close second with a half dozen or so other girls Mike had dated through the years - and by employing them to appraise her late husband’s massive stamp collection without displaying any credentials whatsoever, with no application or interview process beyond the telephone, she was either incredibly lucky or a tremendous judge of character. 
They dropped off box after box of essentially worthless ones to the local stamp dealer, with no mention made of all the quality goods they were photographing and putting into storage. This the old lady did with an idea that when time came to unload the top shelf stamps, she’d already be on familiar terms with the guy. Everything documented beforehand, there would be no chance of theft, particularly with the three of them as witnesses. She’d have him sell off the collection and take his ten percent, figuring that the windfall would be more than enough to support her into the grave. Among the gems: a mint condition 1853 Cape Of Good Hope stamp, which were first ever printed in the entire continent of Africa, known to fetch about 50 grand apiece; a Chinese stamp from the 1960s which has an incorrectly drawn map and was pulled within a day, selling now for a cool $500,000; and, most impressively, a four block of the infamous upside down airplane that even a novice such as Mike is remotely aware of having seen before, last auctioned somewhere in the neighborhood of a few million. A handful of less notable treasures below these, and unspeakable reams a rung or two lower still, each merely in the neighborhood of a grand or two apiece, await them as the days advance.

It became quickly apparent, to Mike anyway, that Amy knew absolutely nothing about stamps, but talked a good game, had a bubbly personality, and was so efficient at laptop wizardry in looking up these finds that this soon became her province alone. Dan, the only real expert among them, had not only a firm grasp of how to handle these tiny squares and occasional rectangles, but also a passable knowledge of what to look for and a collector’s enthusiasm, thus eliminating immediately any doubt as to his credentials. Mike felt that he alone demonstrated no defining worth - for even the old lady, have gained if nothing else an education by association all those years living in the company of this man they would never meet, displayed if nothing else a business mind of fairly astonishing shrewdness - and yet, like any other task he’d been paid to complete from the age of fifteen onward, he could allow that he was a reasonably fast study, reliable, went to almost monkish depths of devotion in focusing upon a job at hand (which probably bespoke his lack of imagination, creative bent, and most certainly any sort of genius, that he couldn’t just backhand his way through activities the way others, like Amy, apparently managed every day), and took whatever was assigned him with utmost gravity.
In the end, she wound up paying them for a month and a half’s work, one solid chunk of such an eye popping figure they would have been happy to make in a year. By this time, Amy and Mike were already sharing the rent and a bed at a charming two story apartment in the heart of town. If he would have been more inclined to think about the future, he would have recognized some familiar patterns and possibly altered them. But he was a day to day guy to say the least. Therefore, when this relationship began to play out like all the others, it was both somewhat of a shock to him and not that shocking at all.
With her sudden windfall, so to speak, Amy’s wardrobe and her nightlife took a decided upward turn. Those other women in his past, they had eventually turned, for the most part, to such harsh pronouncements and rampant negativity, disappointed that Mike was “a lot different” than they thought he was - this the stock phrase - that he could have readily made the same claims, that he never saw these monsters for what they were. But he never did - he never raised his voice, hurled insults, was certainly never physically abusive, never ran around on them. He could never quite figure out what his giant crimes were against these women, exactly, except that somehow with his tattered jeans, his moustache, his leather jacket and his job as a mechanic, somehow they had gotten it into their heads that he was a “bad boy” and though he’d never made any effort to come across as such, it was somehow his fault that they’d gotten this idea in their heads, and failed to live up to it.
Surely, he was to blame for never examining his past with enough scrutiny to correct certain things he knew he could stand to improve. He tended to be boring, to be game for anything but not a great mind for coming up with interesting activities to keep a relationship spiced. He could stand to be more romantic. But again, it seemed to him that these attributes should have been clear to anyone the instant she met him. 
And so the familiar patterns begin to emerge all over again. Amy’s gone most every night, out shopping, out for dinner with friends. He doesn’t press for details, which again seems to drive a wedge further between them when, as far as Mike was concerned, his laidback demeanor should stand as a good thing. 
As he made a pot of coffee and packed just two suitcases that last night there, he paced for hours making sure this was really how he wanted it to end. Of course he didn’t want it to end, that was the whole point, but he knew that Amy did and believed he was doing the right thing. They’d stopped talking, they hadn’t had sex in six weeks. She was a sweet girl and he hated to see her snarling at him. It broke his heart, he felt terrible that he could compel someone to such extremes. What was it about him that drove these girls so bananas? He suspected he would never know. He envisioned some point, maybe ten years down the road, of getting involved with someone a little calmer, a little more grown up, who just wanted a normal, quiet guy to grow old with.
He hadn’t even been pressing Amy for details. But a fight was in the cards, if not this night then another one soon. Two people who were quote unquote romantically involved could not go this long without speaking of anything significant. It had all started as she came downstairs, after school, after dinner (they had ordered in Chinese) (again) and her subsequent nap, he had heard her footsteps upstairs as he sat zoning out in front of the living room tv, and then she’d appeared, about an hour later, dolled to the nines. As she checked herself out in the downstairs bathroom mirror, he made a general comment that she looked terrific. A compliment that was met with a dismissive pssch.
“What? I’m serious,” he insisted, “you look great.”
She just rolled her eyes, as he stood a few paces from the doorway, she didn’t glance his way at all. Continued touching up her eyeliner.
“What?” 
“Nothing, Mike,” she blurted, facing him squarely for the first time, then brushing past, “nothing. Forget it.”
“No, seriously, what? If...if...if you want me to come out with you, you know, I’m up for anything! I’d be more than happy to!”
“Don’t bother,” she grumbled under her breath, slinging a purse around her shoulder, making tracks for the door.
“I’m serious!” he says, “I’m up for anything! You can...you can include me if you want, you know...”
She went off at this point, as if some valve had been loosened by his prodding which she couldn’t pry open herself. Her mood shifted from anger to some kind of sorrowful relief, as tears streamed down her face. He had eventually stammered out the question that he supposed had been simmering on low all along, but he hadn’t allowed himself to consciously dwell upon it. He came out and asked her if she was seeing someone else.
The answer she gave broke his heart more than any other likely ever would. He could see that yet again a woman was really trying with all her might to remain with him, but that in the end she just couldn’t do it. There was something so essentially dull about him that no amount of goodness could correct.
“Not yet,” she had said, “but I have thought about it a lot.” 
In the end she drove off into the night with her makeup smeared from crying but apparently too worked up to do anything about it. Mike made the pot of coffee, he packed two suitcases. He left an apologetic note underneath a vase on their modest kitchen table. He then drove three blocks to the nearest branch of his bank, and withdrew every penny he had at the drive up ATM. He figured out what it would take him to drive back to Ohio and put the rest underneath the vase, too, atop the note - more than enough to pay out his remainder of the lease, and the utilities. He loaded the two suitcases into the sedan he’d purchased soon after arriving here, and left everything else he had behind, he never heard from or saw that incredibly sweet girl again.
A week later, through a friend he heard about Marty, and began cleaning carpets there. He had lasted in Washington all of seven months. 



“You guys should try and make it back for dinner,” Natalie says to them, wringing her hands as she stands beside Mike, at the back end of one of the vans, “I bet it’s gonna be really good!”
“Fuck that noise,” Jennifer mutters under her breath, blowing and snapping a tight pink bubble between her purple painted lips.
“What’s that?” Natalie says, her face dimpling under the gravity of her broad but closed mouth smile. 
“I said I don’t know. Maybe,” Jennifer replies, all business, as she takes a couple steps away from the van and across the lawn. Half turned toward them, she doesn’t seem terribly concerned with whether the others are coming but presumes as much.
“Yeah, I’m not hungry, either,” Donna says between puffs on her cigarette, absently wiping away an ash that the breeze has carried to the bosom of her tan summer dress. 
The two of them leading the way, they are trailed by the tall, lanky kid with glasses and the fat redheaded guy. Nothing said, but somehow this foursome moves wordlessly as one in the way that like minds often function together without ever analyzing how. 
Natalie watches them walk off with the heavy burden of sadness anchored to the bottom of her heart. As the four burnouts languidly move away from her across that campus lawn, Natalie eyes the shorter, brunette girl pulling one of those marijuana smoking devices from her purse, whatever you call those, and light it, inhale, pass it to the tall blonde lifeguard girl, Jennifer she’s pretty sure her name is, and the whole scene is really just a tremendous pity, it really is, how disinterested and uninvolved those people are. Wishing she could do more to reach out to them, to make them care about the matters at hand, she shakes her head and forces herself to turn away, to assist Mike with unloading this van.
“I remember you, dude,” the one with glasses is saying to the other, as they are leaving, on foot, the university far behind them, “you used to date my sister, like, four years ago or something.”
“Your sister?” 
“Yeah, Tracy James?”
“Oh, Tracy!” the fat guy cheers, his face lighting up, “no shit! You’re kidding!…amazing, amazing chick, it’s too bad it didn’t....” he sighs, “okay, yeah, I remember you now...I’m Eric, by the way. What’s your name again?”
“Scott,” he replies, and they shake hands, as they cross the main drag and slip down, at leisure, a side road here in the sleepy heart of this collegiate town. 
“Yeah, Tracy was the greatest,” Eric dreamily states, his voice and his countenance betraying a pleasant stroll down memory lane.
“I’ll bet. You were like, 27, and she was 18,” Scott chuckles, “but no hard feelings, dude. I know my parents were pretty pissed off at the time, but whatever. They’re like that around the clock anyway.”
“Yeah I was a drunken fuckin mess back then, it’s true,” Eric allows, “but hey, it wasn’t like Tracy was an angel, either, believe me. Even before my, uh, unsavory ways came to infiltrate her life.” 
“Oh, trust me, dude, I know all about it,” Scott says, “That little girl could drink me under the table even when she was, like, 15.” 
“That was cute the way that girl was so worried about us, don’t you think?” the brunette in the tan summer dress with orange flowers, Donna, is saying to the tall cornrowed blonde ahead of them. 
“Yeah,” Jennifer chuckles, “she’s kind of a sad character, isn’t she? I know I’ve seen her around town, I just can’t remember where. Maybe we went to school together, who knows.”
“We went to school together, didn’t we? I’m pretty sure we did and that I thought you were a maaaajor fuckin cunt,” Donna says, “one of the popular chicks, right?”
Rather than taking offense, Jennifer grins broadly and says, “I don’t know. You went to Middlefork, then? Which high school?” 
“Both of them.”
“Okay,” Jennifer nods, snaps another bubble, “I graduated, this would have been the summer of my five year reunion.”
“See now I would have graduated four years ago. And five years ago. If I graduated, that is,” Donna rolls her eyes. 
“You had some problems, did you?”
“Yeah,” Donna smirks, taking another puff on her cigarette, “that’s an understatement.”
“Donna....”
“Montgomery.”
“Okay,” the blonde nods, “Jennifer Ladders.”
“Ladders? Hmm, you’d think I’d remember that.”
“Hey, what do you girls think about this professor character?” Eric asks, as the boys catch up to them, “does he seem like a crackpot or what?”
“Bigtime,” Jennifer says, “you couldn’t get me out of there fast enough.”
Scott chuckles heartily and says, “it was all this garden variety generic manifesto type crap. Nobody would ever quite disagree with it completely, but it’s like…”
“…what the fuck are we solving, here?” Jennifer finishes.
“Exactly.”
“And so get the hell out my face.”
“Yeah, although I swear I’d rather listen to some nutjob like that all day instead of having that goddamn Grandma lady staring down her nose at me, not saying anything but you can tell she’s judgmental as hell,” Donna says, “bitch! I’ll knock those glasses off your head, woman!”
“I know,” Jennifer says, “I think you seriously have to have no life to form such strong opinions about other people. I mean, I’ve got a million things going on! It’s hard enough to keep my mind focused on all that, let alone what everyone else is up to. Please.”
“A million things? Like what?” Scott jokes, “weekend long bashes at the lake?”
Jennifer turns to him and smiles, bats her eyelashes in a mock flirtatious gesture that essentially does function as a flirtatious gesture. “Why yes, that would be one of those things.” 
“It’s only a matter of time,” Donna mumbles to Eric, “I can’t believe they didn’t hook up over the weekend.”
“What?” Scott says.
“Nothing.”



They’re walking through the aisles of an abandoned grocery store on the outskirts of town. Having made it to the edge in roughly an hour on foot, they’ve now spent the remainder of the afternoon wandering at leisure through street after street, deserted house after deserted house. Unfailingly, Donna liberates any cooped up pets they come across, letting these cats and dogs, these rabbits and ferrets and parakeets or what have you free to roam the streets and skies of Sparksville and beyond. They have encountered a pair of canine carcasses thus far, but thankfully no human ones. 
“Think about it though, why was it of such life and death importance that we touch our toes?” Eric continues, elaborating on a subject first introduced when they glance through some fitness magazines in the rack at this supermarket, “they had us touching our toes in gym class, like, every day for approximately half the class period. It’s like, look, I’m a really fat guy and I probably always will be, what does this prove, exactly? And does this really have some impact upon my health? Touching my toes?”
 “Yeah that was even more pointless than jumping jacks. That was some silly shit, there, but I suppose you were at least burning up some calories or something with the jumping jacks,” Scott says, shaking his head.
“I take it you weren’t a big fitness buff, either?”
“Heeeeeellll no,” Scott says, “I used to get the crap beat out of me in gym class. That’s why my parents eventually yanked me out of there in eighth grade. I was home schooled from that point onward. All because of gym glass.”
“What do you think aliens would make of our grocery aisles if they landed here, say, a hundred years from now and there weren’t any people left,” Donna says, picking up a cereal box.
“Not so far fetched as it turns out....,” Jennifer says.
“No but seriously they’re looking at the box and thinking, like, is this cartoon guy in the pirate’s hat the owner of the company? Or are these delicious sugary pellets meant only to be consumed by guys in pirate hats?”
“Even better, check out this dog food,” Scott says with a wave of the hand toward the opposite aisle, “okay, this variety is for dignified Labradors only. This flavor, meanwhile, should be eaten only by silly ass looking poodles....”
“Or maybe that’s what it’s made of,” Eric suggests, “pureed poodle. Delicious.”
“I like this one,” Jennifer chuckles, holding up a box of t-bone steak shaped treats that has a drawing of a beagle with an apron and chef’s hat, grilling out and licking his chops. “What is the point of this, anyway? Who’s supposed to be amused? The dog you’re feeding this stuff to, or the idiot buying it?” 
“Yeah, well, as ridiculous as this stuff seems I’ll bet any bug eyed green men who happened to drop by would be completely mystified if they picked up a remote and watched a little tv.”
“No shit,” Donna chuckles.
“Ah, smoking indoors,” Scott says, as he applies a flame to a freshly withdrawn cigarette, inhales, pulls the stick out of his mouth and examines it, “it’s been so long....”
“I’d be mortified,” Jennifer says, “although you know in five thousand years or whatever we cease to have been individuals with identities, we get lumped into one generic overview of how the typical person from this era lived. If they stumbled across the skull of say, what’s your name?“
“Eric. Eric Green.”
“Right. Eric Green, five thousand years from now, this is how they’d describe you in a textbook: Eric woke up at ten o’clock every morning and turned on the Weather Channel. He then placed his Winger cassette into the tape player and called his stockbroker.”
“Nooooooooo!” Eric screams with feigned horror.
“In the second to last presidential election that his formerly great country would ever know, he voted for the smirking jackass,” Donna continues, in the grave commentator’s voice Jennifer had introduced, “the smirking jackass who was not only an idiot, but possibly the worst ever leader elected by a free country.”
“Nooooooooooooooooooo!” Eric roars, drops to his knees, eyes rolled in the back of his head and hands raised to the ceiling.
“Seriously, though,” Scott says, extending a hand to help Eric back to his feet, “I used to always wonder - before I got yanked out of school, that is - when we’d have those little exercises in social studies class or whatever, where you had to pick, like, seven people from a list of thirty, who you would choose as the last people left on earth. Like, this guy’s a doctor but he’s 76 years old. This lady’s a great cook but she’s infertile. Et cetera.”
“This cat knows kung fu but he’s a bit too fond of drink,” Eric jokes.
“Exactly,” Scott continues, “I’d always wonder what use I would possibly be if I really was one of the last seven people left on earth.”
“And now we know. Kind of,” Donna says.
“But I never came up with anything! Doctor, engineer, scientist, even a guy that’s good with firearms or whatever...I’ve got none of that going for me.” 
“I could definitely justify myself on that list,” Jennifer says.
“How so?”
“I’m a pretty badass chick, Scott. You’d be surprised.”
“I’m pretty good with pets,” Donna says, in a wistful tone that suggests a vivid daydream, “I always wanted to be a veterinarian.”


The sky has only just grown completely dark by the time their laconic quartet meanders back from an essentially pointless stroll through town. They had stopped off at a quaint pharmacy that boasted in paint on its glass front bay window that it had been in business since 1886. And indeed, it is still in business now if by that phrase all that is meant is having one’s lights on and doors open, merchandise available on the shelves. All that is missing, really, like ninety nine percent of the places they encounter, is a cash register for handling money and a human being on hand to do so.
“Spooky,” Scott mutters, as they exit the pharmacy armed with all kinds of wonderful treats which will surely help pass the time in a fashion just a shade more sublime. Everyone mutters consent, but lazily, as the effect of all this walking is finally felt on their weary bones.
When they cross the campus lawn at last and approach the cafeteria, every light is blazing through the banks of windows up top, near the gutters, and spills out of a still open door. They are each so focused upon this that when the nearly literally bump into Mike, leaning in shadow against the building’s brick interior, they jump, and an always awkward Scott goes as far as to fall down on his ass. 
“Nottttttttt gooooood,” Mike groans, and at first they assume he’s making a rare wisecrack, this one at Scott’s offense.
Except in stepping closer at the same instant as he staggers toward them, the girls are the first to notice the look of gut wrenching queasiness written all over his face. At roughly a split second later, Eric makes his way to the open door, and the sight greeting him there is enough to freeze his mouth ajar in a horrified circle. Later, they will admit a subconscious tic warning them that all was not well, and though they wouldn’t piece it together until later, it’s the silence that was wrong: all the lights are on, but they hear not a peep.
“Something,” Mike shakes his head, looks as though he’s about to weep, “I don’t know....”
And as this, he lurches forward and vomits up a stream of bile that appears pitch black. Somehow, Donna and Jennifer both manage to avoid its trajectory, side stepping it and then Mike as he collapses face forward on the sidewalk with a sickening thud, like a pumpkin dropped from a fifth story window. This is when the four of them meander inside and encounter all those bodies.



Jennifer has a seat on the twin bed that Natalie apparently claimed a short while before her corpse came to rest here. Caressing her soft blonde hair, and with a palm to the cheek, Jennifer ascertains that Natalie is still warm. Aside from a thrown aside blanket, she appears to have passed away in piece - there’s no trace of the anguish or for that matter the vomit that looks to have accompanied so many of the other deaths.
After they intercepted Mike in the few remaining moments of his life, they had moved indoors and stepped around the deceased remnants of what had briefly been this vast and great party. The stench of puke overwhelmed that of the still lukewarm food, and though there were a few hardy souls crawling around and attempting to hang on, for the most part they were gone. Grandma and most of the others were either face down on the table, and after the totality of this carnage sunk in - at least as much as it could in such a short time frame - Jennifer had broken away from the others and wandered into these dorms. She found two other girls, in all of these rooms, who had likely taken ill in the same manner Natalie did and made it back to their beds.
She notices a bookbag open on the floor and pulls it closer with one foot. A journal of some sort spills halfway out of the bag, and more as a reflex than through any real curiosity, Jennifer reaches out and snatches it up. Mixed in with brushes and compacts, a camera, this artifact turns to be even more personal, Jennifer discovers upon cracking it upon, as it’s a diary of the deceased girl’s thoughts.
She flips through the spiral bound notebook idly. Develops a rhythm of sorts between the turn of pages and that of her snapping gum, interrupted only by the occasional bubble burst. Mostly really dull but somewhat touching depictions of, like, ponies, and camping trips - Jennifer finds herself cracking the occasional smile and glancing over at the angelic dead girl beside her, thus proving she isn’t a total bitch as some would insist - but when she stumbles upon the sordid details of Natalie’s deflowering, the passage was too juicy to simply skip over:
I hung around the pool until well after dark, waiting for it to close and for Derek to finish all of his duties. He’d been telling me for weeks how great it would be, and I finally let him talk me into it. We both knew that tonight was going to be the night. He had a six pack of beer and was drinking some and offered some to me, but of course I wasn’t interested. 
When we finally did it, Derek was very sweet and gentle. We laid a blanket down off to the side, in the grass. I didn’t want to do it here at first but the idea of doing it at, like, a hotel seemed sleazy, and we couldn’t hardly do it at my PARENTS’ house. It did hurt quite a bit and when I got home there was a little blood on the inside of my thighs. But I’m sooooo glad I decided to do this. I love Derek so much.
Bells are ringing in Jennifer’s head now - Derek! Her coworker at the pool! Why that little...of course, she’d slept with him as well, but was nowhere near as misguided as this poor girl. Derek was hot, but he was an idiot, he was just a fuck. It explains why this girl had looked so familiar though. Okay, yeah, it was all coming back now...Jennifer even thinks she can picture the two piece bikini (shocking but true, she’s pretty sure Natalie was bold enough to wear a two piece. But why not - a tiny bit of flab in the gut, though not much, and she did have quite a rack. Somewhat of a round ass, but hey, lots of guys were into that) that Natalie had worn to the pool every time out, a primary blue number. 
Was it just that one time with Derek? Jennifer had only fucked Derek once herself, and while she wouldn’t have necessarily used the phrase “sweet” to describe it, he’d been pretty good. They’d done it on the roof of the main building above where they worked, on break, in broad daylight. Come to think of it she’s not sure why it was just that once, except that times were pretty crazy then and she always had a lot going on. Before everything went haywire. Besides, he was always kind of a jackass. It had certainly been all about getting hers, not because she was starry eyed over him or whatever. She reads on.
The dozen or so pages she encounters near the back of the notebook solidify for her why Natalie had looked so familiar. A day Jennifer had completely forgotten about, but had certainly been party to - sitting in the backseat of Derek’s jeep, she recalls distinctly how the four of them had been drunk and high and driving aimlessly around town in the middle of the afternoon. How Derek had suddenly insisted upon driving over to “that stupid bitch’s house” because apparently she had cut off access to the vagina after hearing rumors about his banging a number of other chicks. Evidently she had gone up to the pool and made some big teary eyed scene while he was working.
 “I mean, who the fuck does this pathetic little dimwit think she is, anyway?” she remembers a suddenly indignant Derek screaming behind the wheel of his ride, red in the face. Naturally, they’d pretty much been up all night partying, too, before getting up early to do it all over again, which may have explained his fuzzy thinking.
I have never been so hurt in my life, and today’s craziness only confirms what Derek is, which I won’t even write here, what he is, but it starts with an A. He really is. I’m surprised he even agreed to wear a condom that time we had sex. I thought he was different. But when he showed up here today he was obviously wasted. Thank God for Dad, he wouldn’t even let Derek into the house, even though Derek was screaming and threatening him and calling Dad an “m.f.” and all other kinds of nasty things. I mostly just stayed in my room crying, though I did look out the window once and saw his jeep running in our driveway and some people sitting in it. Dad finally had threatened to call the cops if Derek didn’t leave.
Jennifer rifles through the remaining pages, but it’s all elaborations upon this horrible day, until poor miss Natalie apparently gets over it and reverts back to writing about dolphins and sunsets again. 
She stands and bends down to run her fingers through Natalie’s hair one more time. Poor girl. Feeling it seems more dignified and fitting, somehow, she lifts Natalie’s right arm slightly and tucks the notebook into its crook. Sad, but that had been the problem with virtually every girl her age that Jennifer knew - Natalie wasn’t unique, Jennifer’s friends were the same way, even Jennifer herself for the longest time. They never really took charge of anything. Life came at them, and they dealt with it, which was no way to live at all.



Scott and Eric had lost track of the two girls amidst all the confusion, though they did counterbalance this loss with a couple key finds. The first had been spotting a boy and a girl, sitting far off at the end of one long hall, passing a bottle of something back and forth - they were too far away to distinguish facially, much less discern their spirit of choice - and murmuring in low voices. They took one look at Scott and Eric, exchanged horrified glances, and took off running down the hall, never to be seen again. The second important find had been Marty, face down on Professor Logan’s desk beside a plate of half eaten food. 
Returning to the quote unquote mess hall via a different route, they stumble upon Donna in the computer lab. If they startle her in the least, she doesn’t show it. Instead, she stands looking at a bank of monitors with a quizzical expression on her face - one shows the home page of a web browser, a couple are opened to email accounts. 
“Sweet,” Eric nods as they pull up beside her, “they’ve got internet here?”
“No, that’s just it - they don’t. These are just screen shots.”
“Screen shots? But what would be the point of that? Not exactly the most entertaining thing to sit and look at....”
“To front like they have internet,” Scott cuts in with a satisfied smirk.
“Right, obviously, but who would be dumb enough to even fall for this? Hello? Nobody’s had any internet for months!” Donna says.
“Well, not that we know of.”
“True.”
Jennifer does startle them at this juncture by drifting into the lab without warning. The three of them flinch as one. She too is wearing a smile that suggests being pleased with oneself, as though she’s just heard something funny or, more likely, was recently visited by an especially salient thought.
“Professor Logan? Where is Professor Logan?” she asks, and as they had flinched, now the mouths of the other three drop open in unison. Donna quickly shuts hers, and grimaces.
“Of course. How obvious. That’s one body we haven’t found, isn’t it?”
“I feel like an idiot,” Scott says, “although, Eric and I did see...”
“Yeah, those other two,” Eric nods, his pale green eyes lost in thought, as he wipes the latest string of sweat beads away from his upper lip, “so maybe we shouldn’t automatically assume, maybe we should check...”
“I just came through the cafeteria,” Jennifer says, “he isn’t in there. And I’d be willing to guess we wouldn’t find him anywhere else on campus at this point.”
“So would I,” Donna says, hands on hips, with a rueful shake of the head.
“But what does that even mean?” Scott says, “is he, like, some deranged renegade who did this on his own or is he...a part of everything else?”
“Jesus,” Eric sighs, “how would we even begin to figure that out?”
“Come on,” Jennifer urges, “I have an idea.”
Which is how they find themselves on the rooftop of the astronomy building. Not so much scanning the starlit skies - although they do slip this in for relief’s sake, armed as they are with telescopes and, in Scott’s case, oddly enough, a pair of binoculars - but mainly the surrounding hills and fields of this county for any life at all. And though there are lights dusted here and there wherever they turn to look, activity is at a standstill. It’s as if they are the last four people on earth.
This spell is broken, however, when Eric spots a pair of headlights winding down toward town from the hills above it, from roughly the direction they had come earlier in the day. But he’s having trouble honing in on the vehicle with this cumbersome telescope, he can’t seem to maintain a bead on it. Scott turns his attention in that direction, and as the others stand there in the dark turned toward him awaiting his response, their eyes have adjusted to this pitch black enough to pick up on his shocked expression, as the vehicle closes in to within a few blocks of them.
“I can’t believe what I’m seeing....” he murmurs.
“What is it, what is it?” the normally taciturn Donna demands, even jumping up and down as she says this. 
Pulling the binoculars away from his eyes and turning to face her, turning to face all of them, he says, “I’m pretty sure it’s James.”



Part Two: HOW THEY MET  




The rain has long since stopped falling but drips from the trees behind the house still, a reminder of the storm that has passed. In a tattered off white coat, made of roughly the same material as burlap sacks, James sits on the expansive back patio. The coat has lines running across its surface, crazy hieroglyphics in brown and blue and yellow and black, and his forehead has lines as well, some red and bumpy, some the same color as those on his coat now that a week has passed since the accident. Water culled in the patio’s wood planks soaks into the seat of his brown corduroy pants but he pays no mind. He strums an ever shifting pattern of chords on his acoustic guitar and stares absently at the downhill slope of foliage behind the house, letting his mind wander, a pure, clear and fast moving channel much like the creek buried down there somewhere in the dark and the trees.
The party inside enters its second evening, unabated. A friend’s parents’ house and they are gone, which explains the steady influx of bodies these past two days, some known, some unknown. This strange weekend at the even more oddly named Spent Wick Lake, a weekend that has turned out to be exactly what he needed and then some. What they all needed, apparently. How anyone could keep his head through this madness - not the madness of the party, but all that has gone on around them of late - is hard for James to fathom, and of course things are twice as foggy now thanks to this bump on his head.
He isn’t suffering from any physical trauma to speak of. There has been no memory loss, no reduction of mental capabilities. It’s just that in the wake of the crash, depression has lain like a veil across every moment, and at times he has felt like he shouldn’t even be here. 
A bizarre confluence of events pulled him to the lake in the first place, though his circumstance in this regard is no different that anyone else’s: what do the remaining one or two percent do when everyone else they’ve known is gone? Having felt this, however, neither he nor any of the rest has a clear picture of what has gone down on the other side, what has become of these people. Certain local and swiftly disregarded braggarts - mostly town deadbeats who’ve been collecting welfare for the past twenty years and haven’t left the county in nearly as long - claim to have been “captured” and to have “escaped,” offering up weird and elaborate tales, but there has been no reliable account, to James’s knowledge, as to where any of their friends or family turned back up after disappearing. No one knows.
His family moved away from Middlefork in the summer following his first grade year, when his dad was transferred to a factory down around Cincinnati. His best friend in those early days had been a kid named Scott James, whose dad, it turned out, worked in the same place his father did, in the same division. As their parents were chums and often hanging out, playing cards, enjoying dinners together, so too were Scott and James. They hadn’t known this at the time they first met one another, however - in kindergarten, they’d thought it an amazing coincidence, the mirrored aspects of their names, Scott James and James Scott. This they discovered at roll call that very first day, began palling around at recess, and never looked back.
Scott’s dad had been able to remain at the factory in Middlefork. Still, despite the roughly two hour distance of the drive, their families met a handful of times a year, they stayed in touch. But all that had ended sometime late in his and Scott’s high school years, and as the events of this spring unfold, as James tries without success to call literally every family member he can think of - aside from his own folks, who have, like him, somehow remained alive and accounted for through all this madness - his thoughts return time and again to Scott and his parents, Scott’s sister. Their home number merely comes back as not in service - unlike the others, it doesn’t ring forever and forever. Twenty-three now, James figures that it’s been a year or two since they’ve had any contact with Scott or Tracy or their folks. 
Then there’s the night out drinking with what few friends remain, and the accident. He initially tries to hop right back into the mix again, in his job behind the counter at the convenience store, but after two shifts asks for and receives the next month off. He spends three days moping around the country house he’s rented for the past year, then hops on his bicycle and attempts what he’s meant to do for an eternity, but particularly ever since all this stuff started going down, to determine the whereabouts of one Scott James. Though a somewhat experienced cyclist, he cannot picture how long a two hour car ride means when translated to the bicycle. In his mind he pictures a week long odyssey. In reality, he’s there by late afternoon of the second day.
James isn’t sure what’s brought him here, except that maybe reconnecting with an element entirely from the past may help him understand the present. Figure out what went wrong, retrace his steps. If he can stand inside an old pair of shoes, maybe he can learn to be that way again - a refresher course, of sorts. But on a wider scale, what’s left of the media has been trumpeting this so called Reunion Week that is allegedly set to begin on Monday, which is supposed to reconnect everyone with the people they’ve missed. The government claims it will come forward at last and explain everything, meaning there’s a weird vibe of anticipation, uncertainty, and dread mingling in the air along with his own personal traumas that he alone negotiates.
“I’m here to see some old family friends,” James explains to the guard at the check station, at the entrance to Spent Wick Lake.
“They expecting you?”
Try as they might to keep undesirables away, there isn’t a twelve foot fence triply lined with barbed wire surrounding the community, thus a number of locals - only youths would bother - have found their own secret routes through the surrounding woods. And James surely could have as well, though he saw no need.
Maybe once, a threat of impending doom would have kept everyone indoors, huddled over their televisions for the latest news report. But now a day can pass easily without any thought of the threat. So consumed by this frantic daily pace, events - even major - pass by in a flicker, nothing registers like it used to. The beach is crowded here, crowded only as a small, private lake’s can be, and if nervous concern has jostled all these teens and twentysomethings out of doors to soak up this curiously warm weather, then it isn’t apparent even under the most intense scrutiny. Nor does willful denial seem the case. On the contrary, James would testify that everyone is having one genuine bang-up time, any hint of trouble, if not forgotten, then casually flung to the furthest reaches of their minds. He props his bike slightly uphill of the beach, against a tree, in the semi-heavy woods dividing it and the main road, its floor comprised of dirt and veined with protruding roots. 
At the beach he sees that a few brave nuts are in the water, which is a recipe for immune system disaster if ever there was one. Heat wave or not, an Ohio lake in April is nowhere a human body really wishes to be, and in fact he can’t remember any other spring where persons outside of a quote unquote polar bear club were quite so bold, such collective disregard. For the most part, though, from chicks in bikinis lying on their stomachs in the sand to a co-ed posse in the distance playing frisbee, everyone seems content to merely soak up the rays. Those who are older, numbering nearly as many as their presumed offspring here, almost exclusively sit and chat.
James can’t help staring out at the dock floating about a hundred yards out, where a rotating cast of six and seven alternate jumping in and stretching out. And as frigid as this lake surely is, with the overhead sun to bake you, he supposes the water does lose its shock value and becomes no worse than a cold shower. He’s heard that the mercury climbed as high as 84 degrees today, a record for this particular date on the calendar in Ohio, and he’s almost jealous of those out there, bold enough to attack this frigid lake. The kind of mood he’s in, if there was somewhere high to jump off of into this man made hole, he probably would eventually be able to bring himself to. But here it’s a matter of wading in, an incremental measure he can’t make.
Finished people watching, James marches up the first slight incline, through some trees. The way Spent Wick is arranged, there are two lanes, and two rings of houses, the second perched a bit higher than the first which is itself situated higher than the lake. Scott and his family had lived for so long at that home on the outside, upper lane - approximately one thirty on  the clock face, if the park entrance is six o’clock - that he can march to it by rote. Like proper lake cottages the adobes here tend to be wooden and peeling, though they are unfailingly two stories tall and otherwise fine, if creaking, older homes. 
After repeated knocks where nobody answers, James notices the unfamiliar car in the driveway - though this in itself is probably expected, given the time lapse - and the flyer hanging on the mailbox. If only he could find something to write with, he would leave them a note. And so after a long walk down to the general store and back, he does just this, leaving it tucked inside a screen door. 
He hasn’t given any serious thought to what his next step would be should he fail to locate Scott or the rest of the James family. From past experience, he knows that by simply hanging around until nightfall, he can wait for the beach to clear out and crash there. But he has brought no backpack, thus has no book, no wine, nothing to keep him entertained, which would make for a dreary ordeal. He’d be better served simply turning around and heading back, but can’t bear the thought of doing so. It’s three or four miles alone retreating into Middlefork, where the nearest motels are, though, and if the moment arrives that’s probably in his future.
A thick, stately tree overhanging the water catches his attention. He’d been staring absently off at the paddleboaters cavorting on the lake, through the woods, until this tree nearer him draws his focus. Crashing through the brush for a better look, James notes that one stout branch reaches out into the water far enough that he’d surely have enough cushion for a drop. The only question is getting up there, as any sort of toeholds or hand supports are lacking. He gazes up at it, then off at the dock, the paddleboats, the dock again. On one level he’s aware that he’s zoning out, but his thoughts continue to hopscotch uncontested anyway.
Eventually, he saunters off and winds up once more at the general store. Here James purchases a cold drink, snacks, and every magazine of interest that he can find. Newspapers are a joke these days - ever since people began disappearing, they’ve been seventy percent harmless trivia and local history write-ups, the remainder current weather updates and ads and pieces on flea markets or interviews with seventy year old birdbath makers. Still, James also picks up The Middlefork Press, which was pretty skimpy even in its heyday.
On a rickety front porch swing he sways gently and reads until nightfall. The low wattage overhead fluorescents come on, winged bugs begin to hover. If the taciturn senior citizen minds his presence, he doesn’t say anything, and anyway James drifts in every hour or so for a fresh bottled water or soft drink. Cute girls occasionally drift in and out, and some even look his way, but they are either traveling in packs of four or more or else accompanied by dudes, and so, intimidated, nothing more significant than a smile or a mumbled “hey” passes between them.
Somewhere around the time it becomes truly pitch black out, some really loud metal music begins blaring across the lake. The shop keeper makes his closing preparations, and when he switches off the overhead porch light, James takes this as a sign to leave. He makes his way around the now almost completely deserted lake, over to retrieve his bike. Feeling restless and unfulfilled, but unsure how else to proceed, he finds himself drifting out of his way and through the brush to that tree he’d been staring at earlier. Again, his eyes glaze over in absent minded focus on the way various house lights play across the barely shimmering water, when a crash in a nearby patch startles him to a flinching half-jump. Okay, so this must be his escort out of here.
Instead with wicked, merry cackles, two girls spill into the forefront. The tallest, a blonde, has a flashlight she’s holding three inches from his eyes as they begin their interrogation.
“Who are you!?” says the tall blonde with some strange dark shade of lipstick.
“James.”
“What are you doing here!?” asks the short redhead with the pale angelic face.
“Looking for a friend.”
A stalemate of the longest fifteen seconds history plays out between them, the girls’ faces just barely visible beyond the halo of their interrogatory flashlight ray. Yet with stone faced élan he merely blinks and stares back at them, and they both start cracking up.
“We’re just effing with you. I’m Jenny.”
“Dana,” the redhead explains, “and by the way we’re not lesbians.”
James thinks this perhaps the most puzzling introduction he can recall, yet collects himself to quip, “I wouldn’t think so. Otherwise why would you be out here looking for dudes?”
“We’re not looking for dudes,” Dana insists.
The girls start off back toward the lane without a handshake or any specific invitation. Still, he believes that their crash landing his reverie is a sure sign of curiosity, if not desire, and so he follows.
“What were you doing?” Dana titters, “we were hiding in the bushes watching you the whole way and we’re like, what the hell is this guy up to?”
“Friends hang out in the woods a lot, do they?” Jenny says with a smirk, which James only catches about one third of because she marches faster than he and this redhead, she doesn’t turn to face them.
Shambling along this gravel and dirt lane, at an equal clip these girls, while never pressed to do so, slowly mete out the details of, if not their life story, then at least what they’re doing in the present tense. Jenny’s a little more reluctant - or not even that, as she actually winds up divulging much more information, albeit it at a more subdued pace - while Dana, she of angelic countenance and long, silky, rhubarb stalk red hair, skews toward silly. 
The similarities between this story and his and Scott’s are striking. Childhood friends, Jenny moved here when she was in the seventh grade from Shaker Heights, a suburb of Cleveland. Her dad became the fix it man here at Spent Wick, a position he held until recently. This summer, like a handful of others past, Dana drove down “to kick it for awhile” but when her own family in Shaker Heights became suddenly unreachable, she saw no reason this time to return. Jenny says she’s involved in real estate and owns her own place in the country - impressive, as she states her age at twenty-three - but that when first her mother and then her father disappeared, their house here became her personal party pad. 
They don’t explain why they’re wandering around here aimlessly, and James doesn’t ask. He finds his eyes drifting far too often to the firm upright swells of Jenny’s chest. This, and his complete inability to introduce any worthy conversational material make this feel like high school all over again. If not for the occasional witticism and his talent for at least responding well to what other people are saying, he wouldn’t provide much. Even so, there are long bursts where it’s just the two females speaking. It turns out that Jenny’s parents’ house is situated on Knob Hill Lane - the upper, outer of the two roads here at the lake - and the girls finally come around to mentioning that they’re throwing a weekend long party up there, that they’d gone down to the gate to meet some guys who were supposed to show but never did. 
“Wait, your friend - does he live here?” Dana asks.
“Yeah, but he’s not home....actually I was gonna check again before I leave.”
“He have a name?” Jenny throws out.
“Scott James.”
“Scott James? I know Scott James,” she says.
“You do?”
“Yeah - tall kid, glasses? He’s funny. I mean, he wasn’t, like, the kind of guy I would’ve hung out with in high school or anything, but yeah. He’s cool. He’s different.”
“That’s an understatement,” James says.
“But Scott James doesn’t live here anymore.”
“He doesn’t?”
“Nooooooo. I’m pretty sure they moved back into town two or three years ago.”
“Leave? What do you mean, leave?” Dana says, as if a broken toy that struggles to keep up with the phrases it’s been programmed to recite. 
“Well I hadn’t really figured out...especially if Scott....”
“But we told you you’re throwing down!”
“Right now?”
“Don’t you hear that music up there?” Jenny says, incredulous at James’s evident denseness. She points behind them and up the hill - about four thirty on the clock face - in the direction of the metal that’s been cranking dully in the background so long he’s tuned it out. “That’s us.”



Once at the party, any trace of the slightly enigmatic girl who’d been calling herself Jenny gives way to this commanding woman named Jennifer, and no evidence of the former is ever shown again. James has been around enough not to stereotype a gathering based on the music being perpetuated, he wouldn’t blindly characterize these people as many others might, as tooth deficient potheads who drive Camaros and shoot beer cans with bb guns in the backyard. But for him to encounter the level of political discourse he finds here has him reeling for a moment, though he recovers his footing soon enough and feels more at home here than anywhere he has in years.
The house itself is taller than most on the lake, featuring an untreated wooden exterior and an expansive deck off the back, crafted of the same material. The short back yard slopes downhill to a thick woods that stretches north and to the west as far as the eyes can see. Typical for Ohio in April, their features are muted now by not just the dark but a heavy rain that begins to fall no sooner than they have made it back to Jennifer’s house.
James recognizes a handful of people from the beach earlier, swimmers who’d been jostling for position on the dock, among them a jowly kid with a shaggy black bowl cut, a cute but enormous blonde girl with braces, and a skinny, scowling chick with tremendous heavy metal groupie makeup. A handful of middle aged types are present, too, some with children running underfoot. Such as this fourteen year old Italian kid named Mario, replete with a heavy head of slicked back hair and all, whom Jennifer and the faux mermaid spend a great deal of time bantering with for some reason. The rest are partiers of the type he supposed would have definitely been termed hoodlums, of roughly his age, normal in dress, some he thinks he recognizes from his ancient elementary school years at Middlefork, but isn’t sure.
“You don’t speak much, my man,” one such anonymous character says to James, as they stand with probably one fourth of the total attendance shooting small talk. He’s attempting to choke down a cheap beer with the same ease that everyone else apparently enjoys.
“Small talk bores me to tears, yet at the same time I can never think of anything clever to say,” James admits.
And it’s true, for as the conversational swirls his head swivels, turning from person to person as he attempts to keep up with who said what and what they’re even talking about:
“Trust me I know how ridiculous this sounds, but.....if anyone knows what’s going on, wouldn’t it be the president?”
“Who? You talking about my boy Barry Chadwick? Or you mean the last guy? Bristling?“
“The smirking jackass.”
“Right. The smirking jackass.”
“Yeah right. Everyone knows Crony was actually pulling the strings in that relationship.”
“…and yet for some reason this image of Bristling accidentally blowing up the world was always a highly believable one. Or wait, I guess that makes your point. But whatever.”
“Accidentally being the key word: wail I couldn’t manage anything better than a D in college but somehow I’m in charge o’ these here nook-you-lure buttuns, let’s see what these puppies do.....”
“You know, it’s funny you say that. I always pictured we’d have figured out a way to live on other planets before we got around to destroying this one.”
“Well I wouldn’t say it’s destroyed per se, there just isn’t any fuckin people left,” the jowly one, Bobby, chortles.
“Yeah and see I’ve always been opposed to space exploration anyway. I don’t think we should go around ruining the rest of the galaxy before we solve our problems here first. Actually that’s why I’ve never supported recycling, either.”
“That doesn’t make any sense at all,” Jennifer objects.
“Sure it does. You think recycling plastic is a solution? I’d call it a stopgap. You’re not actually solving anything.”
“How is this supposed to be a representative government? Representative of what? These people don’t represent anything except themselves. And don’t kid yourself - they might don some disguise of mock humility come campaign time, but these politicians really do believe they’re a totally different class of people from you and me. They don’t have to live with the laws they make. They disdain us - we’re just common folk. And now they’ve got everyone convinced that you have to be qualified to be a politician, which keeps them entrenched right where they are, for decades at a time. That goes against the whole theory this nation was founded on - that anybody - key word being anybody, as in ANYBODY if you didn’t quite catch that - could run for office, and if he had some good ideas that people got behind, he was their man. This whole notion of career politician, or professional politician, is horseshit - it is the problem. I say you get a grand total of twelve years combined in politics, lifetime, regardless of what offices they are, and that’s it chump, you’re done. Go live with your stellar track record now, asshole. But of course the first thing they’ll throw in your face is a wheedling, yeah, but we need someone with expeeeeeeeeeerience to do the job!”
“Bristling and Crony…what a fucking joke that was…”
“But then you get into, well, what else exactly would they be fucking qualified to do? Themselves? I mean after those twelve years were up?”
“And we’re right back to square one. Of course the people voting for these morons will tell you the same thing - good luck convincing them to back an obscure upstart independent, even though that’s clearly what this country needs, across the board. So it comes down to I’m almost as pissed off at the morons voting these assholes in as I am at the assholes themselves. Almost.”
“Like, some ceremonial vanity position on a board of directors for some bank or something? I guess they’re always gonna find some golden parachute and a big ol’ bowl of gravy to land in. But at least then it becomes that corporation’s problem, and no one else’s.”
“My dad was always riding my ass after the last election about how my vote was wasted, and what a dipshit I am, because I voted for an independent candidate. I’m like, no dude. The major party guy you voted for lost, too. Any vote for the guy who lost is technically a wasted vote.”
“Our Iraqi War funding bill only gets passed if it features kickbacks to spinach farmers and shrimp harvesters? What the fuck does this have to do with anything? Every politician says this is the way the game is played, but no, that’s what we’re electing you for jackass: change it. Find a way. You’re not being voted into office to continue doing the same old shitty job everyone else has done before you.”
“Except a corporation’s problems do become other people’s problems, too. You can’t eradicate cronyism, for starters. There will always be some good-ol’-boy pipeline all the way to the top. And shit rolling down to us in the other direction.”
“That’s what I’m saying. A twelve year limit, period, total, for being an elected official.”
“My ass is flat. Seriously, it is. That’s why I don’t wear jeans, it’s the one part of my body I hate.”
“See, and that’s why I think doctors and hospitals et cetera should have no access to your insurance information. Tell me they don’t look that shit up to see how high they can run the tab before they make their diagnosis and their recommendations.”
“These politicians don’t relate to us. We’re the idiots out working jobs, keeping these wheels greased, shoveling the money in for them to play around with as they suck off the teat. They really do believe, no matter how they spin it, that they’re entitled to something, that they deserve every perk thrown their way. It’s all a game - making policies, debating this and that - it’s not like any of this affects them in any way.” 
Various drugs are floating around here and there, which is to be expected, but alcohol as always remains the centerpiece, the yellow line down the middle of the highway which everything else plays off of - not just the other substances, but conversation, and music, and the three a.m. hookups that otherwise wouldn’t happen. Some of what they talk about concerns the source of the alcohol itself, which seems in no shorter supply despite the ban. It just takes a little more effort to secure, and sometimes compromise in taste is an issue. Homebrewing has exploded, naturally, and there’s a few particularly good varieties making their rounds tonight.
“That’s what I don’t get about the current situation,” someone is saying, “you’re talking multibillion dollar companies that aren’t allowed to sell their products anymore. You figure Augustus Keystone or Milton Marlboro would be howling in the press about this.”
“Maybe they are.”
“What press?”
The rain eventually abates. Nearly all of the middle aged minority, along with their children, saunter off to their presumed homes around this tiny lake. Jennifer suggests to James, in one of the few moments they collide long enough to chat, that they might have a forwarding address or a number for Scott down at the front gate, a project for the following morning. She also advises that as this is only Friday night - or, more accurately, two o’clock in the a.m. Saturday - and she plans on throwing down here all weekend, that he better not have any designs on going anywhere else. James knows that Jennifer is only flirting mildly with him in the same manner she is probably every male in attendance, but he is charmed, nonetheless, that she would bother.
Everyone wants her, though, naturally enough, and as the field begins thinning out he just doesn’t have the requisite enthusiasm to stand upright and out-bullshit seven or eight other dudes vying for her attention in the living room. There’s some pretty girl of medium height and long, straight brown hair in a black summer dress with orange and yellow Asian designs all over it, whom he hasn’t been introduced to, but for the most part all other viable candidates for his own late night adventure are either already paired off, passed out, or not worth the effort. The waif-like redhead, for instance, became progressively more overwhelmed by a case of the giggles as drink got the best of her. She passed out in the early stages on a love seat, where she remains. 
He finds this crazy burlap jacket in a closet with dark brown, blue, black, and yellow hieroglyphics all over it, and a Donald Duck hat, hilariously enough, on a hook beside it. With these dusty artifacts James claims a dry corner of the back dock, tucks the cap down over his eyes, and leans his head against the rail. When he stirs again, it is daylight.
As sunlight strikes his face, jarring him awake, James pops to a standing position and stretches. He peels open the sliding glass door and finds one guy in a black Metallica tee shirt slumped over the kitchen table, peeks around at the masses sprawled around the living and dining rooms. But in conducting an exhaustive search of every cabinet, and even the refrigerator and freezer for good measure, he can find nothing good to snack on - the cupboards were raided late, if the dirty pans and pizza crust edges and empty cereal boxes are any indication - but, more importantly, no coffee.
Wandering down to the general store, James is both pleased and amused to find that Mario kid sitting on the swing, his hair gelled to robotic perfection and munching on a huge box of donuts. James has a seat and is offered the box, which he accepts. 
Conversation is mostly nonexistent. Like a middle aged gangster, Mario pulls out a pair of shades that are clipped to his pocket tee and buys a newspaper, scans it cover to cover. At nine, when James is told someone will be present at the gate, he encounters the same beefy kid who’d made the vaguest pretense of hinting at formality the day before in allowing him admission. He brightens up when James mentions Scott - and it’s funny, given how much hell Scott went through as a teenager, the way everyone retroactively adores him now - and says he doesn’t have an address, but knows where that entire family lives: above this beauty salon on Cherry Street.
James walks around to the beach, where his bike remains chained against a tree. With a wave toward the teenaged don on the porch swing in passing, James sails out to the main road and then continues south the three or four miles into town. Enough years have passed to slightly muddle his mental assembly of these streets, and as the roads and shops are mainly deserted, he wanders around forever before breaking down and asking a rare motorist at a red light where Cherry Street is. Instead of replying, the guy nods and rolls up his window, nonchalantly turns right even though he’d been waiting in the left hand turn lane. So much for that. 
But this is a somewhat small community, after all, enough so that two each of the elementary, junior high, and senior high schools could serve the town adequately. And this was during the population peak, which these times certainly are not. Meandering through the streets near the hospital, he stumbles onto Cherry, and two blocks later finds a sprawling Victorian home on a corner that has neon orange lettering in a front window that spells out Tracy’s Tans And Clips. With a grin James rockets into the front lawn, makes the nifty throw-down-and-hop-off maneuver he’s basically perfected, and jumps up onto the porch, breezes into the shop. Tracy’s eyes go wide and her mouth pops open to see him.
“You know, I never would have recognized you,” are the first words Scott’s little sister offers, “except for your eyes. Otherwise you’re completely different.”
James would have said the same, but doesn’t know how to without coming off as a leering pervert. The last time he’d seen Tracy was pudgy and sporting a tightly wound poodle-do, as well as some truly hideous thick plastic frames with orange-brown edges. She had cried a lot and mostly stayed in her room. But now, to put it mildly, she is smoking: an incredible body underneath those jeans and that white tee shirt, green eyed and gorgeous, flowing long auburn hair. He pulls a pack of cigarettes out of his shorts pocket and her eyes light up.
“Yessssss! Yes yes yes,” she says, “I had no idea this was the stunt they were pulling in these parts.”
“They? You mean the local government? Even so, I mean, you just have to know the right…”
“Of course, of course,” she cuts him off with an impatient wave, “probably so. But I‘ve been jonesing, and more to the point, I‘ve been lazy.” Cupping one hand over the open flame of his proffered lighter, as the cigarette in her mouth intersects with it, she chuckles darkly and adds, “just don’t tell my folks.”
“Now why would I tell your folks?” he laughs.  
They’re sitting on the top step outside, puffing away as the warm breeze hits them in the otherwise cool shade. They both wordlessly crane their necks to the left, east up Cherry Street, where nothing is happening, and then to the right, where there is also a complete lack of any activity whatsoever save a bird pecking away on the ground fifty paces in front of them. He asks Tracy how business has been. 
“Business has been dreadful, but in a way it doesn’t matter. We don’t pay our rent any more, after....what happened. Same with utilities. Need gas you just go get it, groceries you just go grab what you want off the shelves and come home. It’s really strange, but...I mean what do you do? Right now there’s actually some beefcake blonde dude tanning in there. Dumbass military type, I‘m surprised he‘s even survived this long. But that’s it.”
Speaking of guys, Tracy admits with his prompting to having dated a succession of somewhat older men, which her extremely religious parents have not been keen upon. For two years there she was living with this guy who owned a bar on the other side of Middlefork, and the folks were absolutely livid. The instant he came up missing, however, and she moved back in, they softened quite a bit. Scott, as it turns out, is working for some cabinet maker out in the boondocks and back crashing here also - his girlfriend is still in the mix, and Tracy’s “pretty sure they still fuck,” but the relationship is “too neurotic to last.” Scott currently resides in a walk in closet in the family apartment, above this beauty salon.
“He home?”
“Nah, he’s off working. Somewhere. Or something. I don‘t know.”
“What about your parents? I assume they must be....”
“Yeah, they’re still around,” she nods, “but right now they’re over at the church.”
“Church? On a Saturday?”
Tracy shrugs and says, “there’s some kind of service going on pretty much around the clock these days. They find it comforting. Of course, it ends up only being six or eight people from what I hear.”
“You and Scott don’t go?”
“Heeeeeell no. Come on James, you know that. But anyway....how’s mom and dad?”
“Mom and Dad are just fine, I’m happy to say,” he tells her.
“Maybe I shouldn’t pry, but it’s killing me,” Tracy says, “what’s with that bump on your forehead?”
“Car accident,” James laughs, “it’s funny, people haven’t been asking, to the point that even I forget that it’s there.”
James leaves instructions with Tracy for Scott. He tells her about the party, says that she’s invited as well. Tracy squints and looks at the wall behind him as he’s describing where it is, which house, and she says she’s pretty sure prior happenings have possibly transpired there before. She asks for and receives a few more cigarettes, and with a wave he is off.
His timing could not have been better. As James coasts back through the front gates of Spent Wick - for really, whether Scott and/or Tracy ever show up, he has considered no other option but returning here - he encounters a half dozen people at the gate, conversing with the muscle-bound young guard. Jennifer, Dana, Mario, as well as a trio of working class fortyish types he’s never seen before. Everyone else back at the site of last night’s party is either still passed out or just barely coherent, and still, James’s cameo barely rates a head turned in his direction, much less a mention.
“Are you sure?” Jennifer’s asking the guard.
“Definitely, definitely,” he says, “I’m telling you, you drive up into Colton right now, it’s a frigging ghost town. Even worse than around here. My cousin tells me they were going house to house.”
James has a fairly strong sense of this conversation’s drift, but doesn’t ask, and pays it little mind. Whether personal glitch or learned wisdom, he long ago abandoned devoting a whole lot of thought to hearsay. Though debatably no more productive, he instead spends this time marveling at the preparation that has gone into Jennifer and Dana’s appearances, at an hour just slightly past two. Made up and perfumed, even if, as in the case of Jennifer’s purple lipstick and a set of cornrows that were apparently implemented - what, last night? This morning? - he’s not sure it’s a look he would have described as her potential best. Still, with her attitude she could probably pull off anything, including these cutoff camouflage shorts she’s currently rocking. As for Dana, she’s wearing a turquoise bikini top to go with a pair of Daisy Dukes but is already complaining that her fair skin is getting scorched.
“You could probably fuck her without any effort at all,” Mario murmurs in his ear, the first words anyone has spoken to him since he arrived. James actually had no clue the kid was anywhere near him, and jumps, slightly. 
“Who?” he manages at last.
“The redhead. Myself, I’m kinda partial to that blonde from last night.”
“And who might that be?” James says, mentally scanning the faces from that house party and arriving only at the late arriving brunette, in the long black cotton dress, “this tall one here?”
“No. The fat one with the braces,” Mario says, and though apparently serious, even he can’t avoid cracking himself up, “somethin about her, I don’t know. Cute face. My luck she‘ll be the next one gone, though.”
At this instant, the singular rattling of metal that possibly half the world’s occupants would recognize blindfolded, it commands their attention, and all eight heads whip around to observe what they already knew: someone is riding a bicycle over unsuitable terrain. Sure enough, bounding down from Knob Hill in this instant is the impossible figure of that overweight jowly kid from last night, Bobby, squeezed somehow onto a child’s ride that would seem unable to support such freight. He’s grinning maniacally, however, and with curious purpose, as he waves in passing them, rockets forward onto the beach, and doesn’t stop until the bicycle is completely submerged, along with its rider, in the lake. He swims to shore just in time to find the gate’s sentry having erupted from his post, standing at the sand’s edge with his arms crossed.
“Hey!“ he shouts to Bobby, who makes no effort to retrieve the bicycle from Spent Wick’s murky depths, and glances up now, soggy and sheepish, at the guard. Except this represents the extent of this community watchdog’s eloquence, as he shakes his head and points up the hill. Bobby dutifully trudges in that direction.
“So anyway,” he of bulging biceps concludes, strolling back into their midst with his most charming smile tossed in Jennifer’s direction, “that’s all I got.”
Whether continually squinting off at the horizon (Jennifer) or absorbed by muttering introspection (Dana), these girls seem to have their mental registers perpetually half shifted elsewhere. Even as the next unmentioned plan had evidently been arranged long ago and has the mass of them moving wordlessly toward it now - a happy hour of sorts on the back patio of another house on the lake, before it shifts again indoors to a dingy ground floor bar - they move the small talk around in rapid fire circles but never address what’s eating at them. The events of the past year plus, certainly, as well as the dread they all feel toward what this upcoming Reunion Week will bring come Monday, but he senses something else that he can’t claw at, and no amount of asking will ever ascertain.
The girl in the summer dress is here, but will only get around to introducing herself to James hours later. As they approach this cottage not too far from the former home of Scott and Tracy and their parents, albeit nestled between the inner lane and the outer, in other words where the hour hand might rest at two o’clock in the afternoon, they round a back corner and find her there alone with some middle aged blonde chick, who lives here with one of the mustachioed trio of guys James had first encountered down at the gate. What the girl in the summer dress’s connection is to these people approximately twice her years is never explained, if any is needed aside from being survivors one and all, muddling their way through these peculiar times, but she gives her name in an overheard conversation as being Donna Montgomery. In addition to thick moustaches, the men all wear khaki pants and polo shorts, in other words total cheese balls, and the middle aged blonde, like all older women who drink too much and dress too provocatively and are just a shade too friendly toward strangers, comes across as a slut. But Donna, James can’t really get a read on her. 
Initially the remnants of a hearty fish fry they’d apparently had for lunch are scattered all around an enormous glass patio table, and they are all drinking giant goblets of margarita. As the sun crests and then begins its descent into mid afternoon, a chill creeps in and it’s then that they move from here into the other side of a sliding glass door. A basement rec room slash tavern awaits, replete with concrete floors and dim lighting, a pool table in the middle, booths lining one wall. Jennifer and Dana begin their crude efforts at mastering the latter, while Donna and the middle aged slut claim a corner table beneath one small white globe hanging on a chain. They talk in hushed voices inaudible to all, as the men, who rope James into their feverish discussions of activities that technically don’t even exist any longer - all sports are fantasy sports, essentially, now that there has been no baseball nor basketball season, and the NFL’s remained mum about its plans - and meanwhile crank up the intensity of their cocktails a step or two. The liquor becomes more like that of a lifelong drunk, the tools to cut it lesser and duller.
“Fuck these athletes anyway,” the taller one says, he of the sandier, thinner pate but fullest moustache. The way he throws this comment out suggests more to offer, but no, the remark is a dead end that has even his two friends hanging for an awkward second, expecting an addendum.
“All I’m saying is that the league itself is partly to blame, too,” the tan, least ridiculous looking of the three suggests, apparently continuing some point James had been too zoned out of to catch.
“Oh get out of here.”
“No I’m serious. Not just the league, the system too, sure, but...these bizarre punishments. Like it’s okay for a football player to stab some dude to death in a bar fight, or kill somebody in a drunk driving episode - no big deal, few games out. But don’t get busted fighting dogs, and for god sakes don’t shoot yourself in the leg - then you’re talking a couple of years.”
“That is true,” concludes the short, fat, black haired one, the guy who not only kept saying ta-tas instead of breasts but found a way to work it into nearly every sentence, as if he’d been trying his entire life to get someone to laugh at that phrase just once, “that’s like Bud, Bud whatsisname, the baseball guy, the commissioner or whatever, how he insisted on being able to decide which names were leaked and which guys had to just pay fines when the whole steroid thing broke out. Then when everybody basically laughed in his face and told him to fuck off and grow some cajones, then he was real somber and talking it up in the media about what a menace these steroids were. Gimme a break.”
“Well, we’re all the idiots paying to watch these guys. With our cable tv and our box seats and what have you.”
“What cable tv? What box seats?”
“This idiot? Not this idiot!”
“You know what I’m saying.”
“All I know is if I was a taxpayer living in Cleveland or Cincy and some bigshot came to town making all these promises if we built him a new stadium, I’d tell the guy to stick it up his keister.”
“What like when you actually did live in Cleveland, and voted in favor of a new Browns stadium?”
“That was different. That was different.”
“I like how they always sell it to you on how beneficial it will be for the community. I tell you what would be real beneficial, how about comping me in tickets for every tax dollar spent? But no, let’s pocket the millions and run the franchise on a shoe string and then threaten to bail fifteen years later if we don’t get another new stadium.”
“Hey yo! Jennifer! Nice bank shot!”
“I hate to break the news to you guys, but didn’t you notice when they cut the football season off at week 13 last year? And canceled the Super Bowl?”
“I’m just saying.”
James has never been so relieved to see two preppy assholes arrive on the scene in his life. But this is precisely what happens somewhere in the neighborhood of late happy hour o’clock, as the moustaches begin slurring their words and devolve into meandering political debates that are somehow misguided without saying much of anything. He’s heretofore been content to sit at the corner barstool, avoiding conversation as much as possible, downing his drinks and clearing out a bowl of cayenne peppered mixed nuts while watching an old Adam Sandler comedy - on disc apparently - with no sound. When it wasn’t her turn to shoot, sometimes Dana would come up and stand at the end of the bar, would squint at James with her beautiful but increasingly confused blue eyes and make benign small talk. She looks over his shoulder a number of times at the girls sitting in the corner, mutters something once about them being “bitches,” but even in this she merely comes across as amusing, and not the least bit catty.
And this is when the two tanned jocks James recalls from last night breeze onto the scene unannounced. He remembers them from the strange ground they occupied at the party, in that they seemed like the kind of guys he’d expect this Jennifer to hang out with, and yet they were complete anomalies at the great big hoodlum n’ weirdo fest. This duo and maybe two or three others, that was it - tanned and with perfectly tapered haircuts, wearing soccer shorts and sandals and tee shirts emblazoned with the maroon Middlefork Marauders emblem - one grey, one white, this is today’s outfit. Well defined and tall, teeth whitened to halogen brilliance, with the darker haired of the two representing the apparent authority.
When he immediately jumps on Jennifer about the cornrows, she smacks him hard across the face, but is smiling. After the other cracks wise about her “partying on her parents’ nickel,” she fires right back at him, “not their nickel. Just their pad. And this coming from a guy anyway who...how much were your folks shelling out for you to flunk out of Bowling Green? And wind up back here anyway, Rob!?”
“Yeah yeah we all know about your real estate millions, princess,” the dark haired one, Derek, interjects. All standard issue flirtation, from all sides involved. But when this Derek hooks both thumbs behind him at the sliding glass door they’d just entered through, he says, “come on, let’s get the fuck outta here,” James finds that he could not agree more.
Leaving the others behind at the location they were seemingly chained to, James, Jennifer, Dana, and the two jocks take off on a diagonal slant up the hill and over to what was becoming their own base of operations for the weekend. It occurs to him as they’re leaving that the last he saw of Mario, back there, the kid was unsteadily gripping a pitcher of draft beer in one hand, as he disappeared down the hallway beyond that makeshift tavern’s restroom. As for Jennifer’s place, up ahead, tucked as it is on the backside of a hill sloping downward toward the wilderness, only the top half of the second floor and the roof are visible in strolling along Knob Hill Lane. James is confused about the recent repartee, whether this is Jennifer’s house or her parents’, but whatever the case, ensconced within her modest kitchen, there’s really not enough room for five people to move around comfortably, much less ten, as it soon becomes apparent when first two more female acquaintances of Jennifer’s arrive amid much squealing and hugging, and then the brunette in the summer dress and the middle aged blonde and one of the moustaches - the latter two turn out to be a married couple - eventually wander over.
A grill is fired up, wine bottles are cracked open, enormous salads are mixed in bowls large enough to host one of those cancelled football games. They float along on a wave of wisecracks and merriment, which brings with it previously unimaginable sights such as Donna, the brunette James had thus far dismissed as being way too cautious and cool, doubled over repeatedly while laughing her ass off, and Jennifer revealed as the quickest wit in the room, and even the moustache slurring a few comical asides. James never feels fully at ease until he’s analyzed a situation to death, and yet he’s approaching that here.
As the sky turns purple the middle aged couple leaves and the rest of them sprawl around the living room with glasses of still more wine, a dimwitted but consistently entertaining collegiate comedy on DVD. One by one they pretty much all doze off, some for longer spells than others, and when James comes to, he’s sitting against the couch with his hat slung low over his eyes, it’s dark out and the living room is awash in light. The number of people in the house has doubled, easily, with more arriving by the minute. He seems to be the last person to awaken and is amazed no one has fucked with him like they usually do a sleeping guy in the middle of a party. Two kids are wide eyed with determination hammering away at video game controllers in the midst of it all and it is loud in this house, already. 
He stumbles into the kitchen, past some people, in a state of pleasant disorientation. He’s been in similar situations a handful of times, and almost welcomes it, the afternoon nap unfolding neatly into the open arms of a gala. Somehow, despite a plethora of revelers in the living room, back patio, front porch, and even audible upstairs, Donna is the only person in the kitchen at the moment. She stands at the counter with knife in hand, slicing lemons for mixed drinks. She smiles over at James, wipes her hands on a towel, and shakes his. Only now are they formally introduced at last.
When he notices and reaches for a half full pot of coffee, scouring the cupboards then for a mug, she smiles warmly at him and says, “you too, huh?”
James can’t see that there’s a cup of joe within the same zip code as this girl, but then again he is still half asleep. “Oh yeah. Gotta have it.”
After a couple cups of this, though, he is back on the beer train, and with these only an arm’s length away in an overstuffed cooler, it makes perfect sense for him to sit outside and play the guitar some more as he did the night before. He’s even reacquainted with the crazy burlap jacket once the air begins turning cold. Finding himself alone out here, mostly - they may not care for his mostly aimless picking, and he wouldn’t blame them - though Donna slides out time and time again to listen while she smokes, catches some fresh air. 
“Everything doesn’t have to be so heavy, you know,” she says.
James doesn’t look up or cease strumming, but grins and asks, “wow, is it that obvious? I feel like I’m just hanging out.”
“Yes, it’s totally obvious,” Donna tells him, tilting her head to blow a column of smoke skyward, “and like I said, there’s no need to be so, you know, completely fucking heavy. Things are crazy enough. With or without getting bogged down in it.”
“Of course that’s absolutely true,” he says, and at last pauses, stops to look up at her, rub a frustrated hand across his sweaty forehead, “it’s just that…I don’t even know where to begin.”
“Try me.”
“Why bother. Everything I say ends up mangled and misconstrued, there’s really no point.”
“Try me!” she insists.  
“I don’t know. I’ve just been thinking that everyone is just sort of going about their business like nothing ever happened, myself included. And wondering if this is a bad thing, necessarily. I mean, we have to, right? But none of us ever dedicate as much time and effort as we should to thinking about other people. You just continue to do whatever. You have no concept for what anyone has been or is going through.”
“I don’t? You don’t even know me.”
“Not you literally. Figuratively, collectively. We don’t have the first clue, nor do we pause long enough or care enough to get one. And I mean this before all of…well, whatever you want to call it started happening. Like sometimes I get on these kicks where I can’t stop thinking about, like, disfigured people, and those who are wheelchair bound, and this is all before everyone started disappearing, so I can never justify in my mind complaining about anything. Yet at the same time it’s like my mouth is on autopilot at times, blurting shit out, and there’s some kind of mental glitch that prevents me from sugarcoating a situation.”
She utters a sharp laugh, more a bark, but it’s clearly just a reflex reaction and he takes no offense. “Umm….okay….as in….?”
“I’m serious. How do you satisfy both extremes?”
“I guess it means you don’t talk at all,” she mutters.
“Exactly. You don’t talk at all. So if someone asks your opinion but you never answer, has a crime been committed? But then on the flipside, here again I go, thinking that this comment sounds like random bitching, and wanting to just shut up.”
“Jesus,” she titters, “what’s got you in such a deep funk anyway?  Last time I was tangled up in such convoluted thoughts would have been…okay, I never studied for the SAT or for that matter ever took it…but there was a lot of pressure to do so, let’s just say. Which I combated by dropping out.” And at this, Donna issues another dry chuckle.
James nods and offers, “a reasonable approach, totally. But if I had to summarize my own current dilemma…it’s like this past week, I’ve sort of come to realize that nothing about my life is really all that exceptional. I don’t mean like I’m suicidal or anything or even all that depressed, I just mean,” he again frantically scrubs at his forehead, scrambling still to verbalize the precise sentiment, “it’s like…the whole time you walk around thinking you’re a pretty intelligent person who’s got the world by the balls, but recently…maybe I’ve had this revelation that there’s actually nothing in this life I do particularly well, there’s nothing that sets me apart from anyone else.”
“Careful,” she says, eyeing the bandage on his forehead, which James can‘t avoid continually scrubbing, “what did you do to yourself, anyway?”
“Auto accident.”
“A little of this involved?” she cups her hands roughly in the shape of a beer can, tilts it to her mouth.
“Yeah,” he nods, “but I wasn’t driving. Four of us in the car and I’m riding shotgun, wouldn’t you know nobody else is even remotely injured.”
“You okay now?”
“Yeah except ever since it’s happened I’ve had the feeling that I’m losing my mind.”
“Well no shit, you’ve probably suffered some head trauma! You should have that checked out, you know.”
“Nah, it’s nothing like that,” he grins, “on the contrary, I think the problem is that I’m finally thinking clearly for the first time in years. Maybe ever.”
“Knocked some sense into you, huh?” she speculates, stubbing her cigarette butt out upon the sodden surface of the patio.
“Yeah, but not in any of that smell-the-roses-just-enjoy-life epiphany bullshit way. More like I said, this sudden insight. How invigorating it is, really, to strip away the varnish and start over. Nothing much matters, but I have a better handle on what does. Which also happens to be, coincidentally enough, almost nothing.”
“Come on,” she prods, lighting another cigarette, “friends and family. Other people, you moron. And a really good conversation, despite what you think.”
“Well of course the people in our lives matter, but that just feels like another shortcoming,” he sighs, “being years behind everyone else, and it‘s useless, having no clue how to connect with them. And yeah this sensation of being okay at everything but great at absolutely nothing.”
“Oh come on,” she says, “everyone shines at something.”
“Okay, what about you, then? Give me an example.”
She faces him squarely and smiles, blowing out a thick column of smoke before answering. “I’m the best cook on the planet, that much I know.”
“See, now, maybe that’s the problem. Spreading myself too thin. You answered without hesitation, like that,” he snaps his fingers, and smiles with genuine warmth. 
“Self taught, thank you,” she giggles, and yet in straightening out the corners of her upturned mouth, adds, with somber detachment, “although I think it’s safe to say - I mean, fuck, it’s only natural, right? - that we’re probably all suffering to some degree from, uh, what you might call end of the world blues. Or something like that.”
“Well, you hit it on the head, there. Even if it seemed to set in way before everyone came up missing. Like that night a bunch of us were out, related to this little booboo on my head, we were all hanging in this coffee shop early on, and someone starts talking about our planet’s impending doom. We all get stuck on this topic for an eternity, then, and all it does is bum me out to the point I realize we’re all going to die anyway, so I round up everyone I can, beyond the immediate crew, and we drive downtown hellbent upon getting tanked. Then I wind up with this bump, the end result of which is even more ridiculous than sitting at home and not thinking about these things at all. First time in a motorized vehicle in two years, no joke, that night, and see how it ends? I mean, how do you get through your days? You seem even keeled, very well adjusted and sure of yourself.”
“I would agree with that,” she says, “but thank you for saying so.”
“Okay but seriously, what’s the answer? When you wake up in the morning there’s a million things you can do with your day but how do you ever escape the feeling that whatever it is you fall into, that there’s something better you could be doing with your time?”
“You can’t escape it,” she says, kissing his forehead on one of its sore spots, “that’s why the rest of us talk so much, to distract ourselves. But sit here and play your guitar some more, I like hearing it. I’ll be sitting in there with everyone else at the kitchen table.”
She disappears inside and he’s left alone again, at square one still but maybe inches further along the road to making sense.
Out his peripheral he notices the blue and red lights dreadfully familiar to everyone, but particularly those who’ve spent a large percentage of their lives out of the house past eleven or twelve at night. Like snakes these lights are, really, the way they slither off of every surface and can reach back deep to wherever you are at even the most convoluted angles. He’s probably the last person present to observe them, though, just the same, for there’s a huge argument developing indoors about what the appearance of the police means and what they should do about it, if anything.
A handful of them had wandered over the knot of land in the front yard, laid against it and returned to report that there’s a squad car with its jackpot lights blazing in front of probably half the homes on the lake. By now the rain has once again begun falling. The scene that James wanders into in the middle of the house has everyone, or at least the vocal ones, divided into three camps: those in favor of laying low, those in favor of fleeing, and those in favor of waging some kind of confrontation. Jennifer alone defends a fourth option, which as she’s both the host and clearly the most dominant personality here, carries more weight than it would coming from anyone else.
“Don’t you have any guns in the house?” one longhair in a Metallica tee shirt- the same longhair in the same Metallica tee shirt - drawls in a somewhat sober voice.
“As a matter of fact we have all kinds of guns in the house, but you’re not touching them. No one is,” Jennifer says.
“Bullshit,” Derek says. He stands in the middle of the living room flanked by three of his similarly attired buddies, clutching a pint of cheap whiskey. He makes an impatient “give them to me” gesture with his hands and says, “they wanna play, let’s play.”
“Forget it, it’s not happening.”
“Man, I just think that.....,” Metallica begins.
“I SAID NO ONE IS GETTING THE FUCKING GUNS!” Jennifer shouts.
The party counts off a beat or two in stunned silence. Then Derek throws his pint to the floor - with force, but somehow it does not smash - and seethes, “fuck this. I’m’o march straight up to those assholes and ask em what’s up.” 
With that, he marches out the front door, and Rob bookends this motion by following Derek, slamming the screen door behind them.
“Listen,” Jennifer says to those that remain. She is making a clear effort to rein her emotions in and stem a mass freakout before it transpires, “I have an idea, if everyone will just chill the fuck out for a minute.” She takes a hard long exhale and looks around the room. When nobody says a word or for that matter moves a muscle, she continues. 
“Everybody just keep doing what you were doing.”
“But I-
“I mean literally,” she says, and bends down to crank the stereo up even louder than it had previously been, before someone turned it down, before this roughshod tribunal began, “party on.”
She hustles past James and into the kitchen, begins mixing herself another drink. Slowly, tentatively, the gala does begin to resemble what it had been before. James drifts into the kitchen behind Jennifer, and opens his mouth to speak.
“Hey I-
Except that she wheels on him with a look of such menace, hissing, “don’t you start!” that he throws his arms up in the air, clamps his mouth shut and moonwalks a return voyage out the back door. Another beer and a perch on the first step, guitar in hand, never sounded so good.



In the back of their minds, surely none of them except perhaps the extremely inebriated truly forgets about the police presence down the hill. But the festivities gradually escalate above and beyond where they’d been earlier, to a point that it becomes reasonable to expect that maybe they shall not entertain any unwanted visitors after all. When the inevitable blinking lights creep slowly into the mud driveway, cresting its hill and coasting to a halt before the house, however, per Jennifer’s instructions they shoehorn into the living room with their drinks in hand and the conversation lively, stereo cranked. She hasn’t explained why, or what her strategy entails, but her overwhelming confidence allays their fears. 
“Yes?” she says when the lone officer knocks on the door, with another standing in the yard, his arms crossed. Jennifer’s voice is laced with trace elements of sweetness, but carries mostly a just barely checked agitation. But this doesn’t match her general mood, and James, watching once again from back at the kitchen archway, believes it’s all a put on for these cops.
“Yeeeeees....,” the cop both says and nods his head slowly. He eyes Jennifer warily, shifts his gaze to the room full of people, lingers a moment, then turns his attention back to her. “We are....we’re looking for someone.”
“Got a picture?” Jennifer fires back. She hasn’t opened up the screen door between them, but holds her hand out anyway.
The officer at the door half turns to shoot a glance backwards, by all indications to his cross-armed buddy standing in the yard. Facing Jennifer for one last time, he says, “no. I mean...yes, we do but....I can see he isn’t here.” At this point, he offers her a strained smile and says, “as you were.” And then they are in the squad car and gone. 
Chatter and merriment don’t really escalate to their former highs, however, not even following the relief of this seeming victory. Uncertainty still lingers, wondering if the fuzz will return with reinforcements. People mix doubles with shaky hands in the kitchen, slink outside for sharp, worrisome exhales, disperse into other rooms. Talk continues in the living room in somewhat hushed tones, the random CD scrambler toned down a notch. James happens to stand among them now and thus experiences that first sharp impact of terror when a car comes racing into the driveway, at warp speed, and slams to a halt in the spot the squad cars vacated maybe fifteen minutes earlier.
Owing mostly to the surprise factor, their response to this is not nearly as smooth and calculated as their handling of the last encounter. This time, they rush en masse to the picture window and screen door, and it will occur to some of the survivors later that were this, say, a SWAT team bearing submachine guns, they’d all have been burnt toast. Instead, what greets them is a sleek white sports car, the pilot of which baits them with tension an eternity before finally creaking open the door and standing. He freezes there a moment in the crook of the open car door, peering up at them. It’s a tall, lanky kid with glasses, wearing a short sleeved button up flannel shirt and grey khaki shorts, loafers, and black socks pulled up to his knees.
Scott.
“Hey, I know him,” Jennifer says, then turns to James and adds, “that’s your boy, right?”
James chuckles wildly and calls his old friend’s name out through the screen door. Cliched or not, it’s likely he has never been happier to see anyone. From his own end, as Scott enters and faces a million questions, about did he see any cops and if so how did he make it through, their newest guest seems fazed by all the attention. It’s not lost on James, either, the way Jennifer stands off to the side with a hand on her hip, eyeing him up and down, and arriving at - at least in his estimation of her body language - a favorable impression of Scott. And then when Metallica marches with purpose into the room, carrying an ice cold beer to hand to him, Scott nods and wordlessly accepts it, cracks it open and drains half in one long gulp. 
Finally, glancing around the room so that his gaze rests briefly upon every soul gathered, he asks the simple but clearly clueless question, “what?” And something about the timing and the innocence of this comment makes it ring far more comical than it should, and like a valve opening with steam they all laugh out loud and all the tension is gone.



Due to their uncertainty of what might await them if and when they wake up, to a person they party till they drop. No one will come right out and say so, but it’s there. And so they ingest a variety of substances until they topple over, awaken relieved to find that by the muted light of a cloudy Sunday morning, they are still intact. If ever a moment existed for amorous exchanges, Saturday night would have been it, but a lack of available space limits the room for couples pairing off, and the spotlight of so many people around negates the likelihood. 
With daylight in their favor, a dozen or so of the bravest venture outward and scour the lake. The degree to which it is deserted astounds them - not a soul to be found anywhere, as far as they can tell, though otherwise there is no sign of a disturbance. Houses intact, cars in driveways, and even though some gunshots had rung out in the night, though Derek and Rob, for instance, never returned, there are no bodies, it’s as if no one had ever been here this weekend at all. Mostly with Jennifer in the lead they go door to door knocking, and find not a soul.
Jennifer’s not crazy about the idea, but they have wheels and she’s powerless to stop them: anyone with a car and some loved ones remaining before this weekend began makes the next logical connection, and wonders how their friends and family, mostly in and around Middlefork, fared the night before. Jammed full of people, they are off, with only Jennifer and Dana and a handful of others who either have no one or are too terrified to move remain behind. As James climbs into the passenger seat beside Scott, he looks up at this fading wooden house and wonders if he’ll ever see it again. Some promise to return and some don’t, and some who do don’t necessarily mean it. Of course, even among the earnest, there’s no guaranteeing a sound return.
Scott remains as cryptic as ever, in James’s eyes, painting his own stoic, non-verbal stance in a whole new light by comparison. No one can possibly compare to his lifelong friend in the category of unspoken, unreadable, unflappable behavior. In fact James isn’t quite sure what motivates Scott this morning, can’t even begin to decipher their only true meaningful exchange the night before, shortly after that dramatic entrance at Jennifer’s house.
“So, what, I’m guessing you ran into Tracy?” James throws out, having just returned from the back patio’s cooler with a pair of beers, the two of them sharing a somewhat quieter moment in the kitchen. 
“Tracy?”
“Well yeah I stopped by the shop and spoke with her earlier today. She said she’d tell you about this party,” James adds, but then, noting the way Scott’s just sort of scanning the room frantically with his eyes, while pulling at his bottom lip, tacks on a coda of, “what?”
“Your encounter with Tracy is interesting to say the least, that’s all. This was today?” Scott questions, and turns to face his friend at last, though seeming to be eyeballing that bandage on James’s head more than anything else, “anyone else there, like, with you?”
“Yes. No. I mean yes absolutely today, but it was just the two of us. She said you were working or something and your parents were over at the church.”
“My parents?” Scott murmurs, his brows drawing together as he ponders this revelation. He studies James’s eyes intently before whipping his head away again, scanning the void beyond them without a word.
Most vehicles move single file into town, and disperse from there. Scott drives this white sports car a good 20 miles an hour beyond the speed limit as they wind their way over to the house on Cherry Street. Following a hasty curbside parking job, they hop out of the car and onto the porch and into the ground floor’s beauty parlor, which is unlocked but also deserted. Up an inner stairwell they check every room of the apartment but have no greater success. Defeated, each flops onto a separate end of the couch and they contemplate their next move.
“You been working out?” Scott asks, and flexes, “you look a little more, uh, filled in or something.”
“No, dude, it’s the bike riding. I guess I never realized it but your upper body gets just as much of a workout as the lower half.”
“Hmm,” Scott nods and leans his head back on the cushion, looks up at the ceiling, “fuck, this is bad. It’s like so much has happened here lately you don’t even have time to process it all.”
“I know, tell me about it.”
When the phone on the kitchen wall rings, both men jump in their seats. Whether old fashioned bells or digital beeps or cellular ringtones - and this one is in fact the former - it’s a sound they haven’t heard in months. To the best of their knowledge no one has. Scott bolts up on the third ring, and though James repeatedly urges him not, he looks back, says, “I have to know,” as if in apology, and picks up the phone.
All he hears is a series of metallic clicks, over and over again. After maybe twenty seconds of this, he drops the receiver, and in a moment of near telepathy he and James simultaneously bolt for the back door without a word said. 
They take off down the external wooden back stairwell - recently painted white and slick both because of it and last night’s rain - and both stumble near the end, dirty their knees on the wet ground, stand up and take off again in a dead sprint for the car. Only when safely ensconced inside it and peeling down the street do they so much allow themselves a chance to breathe.
“Think they might be at the church?” James ventures, “it is Sunday morning, after all.” 
But Scott doesn’t say anything, he merely barrels across town at the same breakneck pace. They rocket north through the still functioning traffic lights, through the town square and past the community college on their right, past a café that is lit up and populated with a few discernible bodies. Though still just shy of noon, the gloominess of this April sky makes it appear nearing nightfall, and the warm yellow light of this establishment, set off from the road a good thirty yards, render it almost mirage-like. Still, they press on. Scott dead set for whatever destination it is he has in mind.
Barreling north into the countryside, he cranks it up a notch outside town limits and doesn’t relent, through a number of slight bends, until hooking right onto some numbered gravel road. There’s a deserted dirt race car track with grandstands that was apparently a big deal in the 70s but slowly fell to disuse. James has heard of it, but never ventured out this way. He somewhat relishes the surprise of their destination - an underground stronghold? A weapons cache? - and it thus taken aback when, blistering along at only a slightly reduced pace along this gravel rut, they pass the track and then an expanse of woods on their left and Scott turns into the next driveway. 
A number of wooden cabinets are joined by dressers, boudoirs, and tables scattered around the front yard. They represent the full spectrum of completion, and as this sleek two door coupe screeches to a halt near the open garage, James thinks he’s pieced this together - something Tracy said to him Saturday morning about Scott doing woodwork.
“Yeah,” Scott nods, as they stand in the driveway. He has his hands on his hips and is surveying the scene,  “Michelle. This was - is? - her place. Her parents’ place, actually.”
“What did they think about all of this crap?” James asks, waving a hand at the pieces of furniture scattered about the yard - ruined anyway, because of the rain, just in case they weren’t already before. 
“I don’t think they were crazy about the idea,” Scott admits with a chuckle. James is familiar with this chuckle, the one that pretty much acknowledges an acute self awareness of how maniacal he is, coupled with the understanding that he’s completely hopeless to change.
They wander through the artifacts for a moment. In retrospect James will consider the sequence of events here and think them odd. Or rather that they would be odd, except that Scott surely already knows what he’s going to find here, and the drive out to his girlfriend’s place was a longshot formality. So they dawdle in the front yard a moment, and only then does Scott try the front door - unlocked - and enter the house for an inspection.
When they find the house abandoned, James isn’t sure what to say and leaves the subject alone. Then they’re climbing into Scott’s tiny but stylish sports car and retracing the steps toward town. Scott says nothing. James isn’t sure where his pilot’s taking them, until their course veers sharply westward and they skirt around the perimeter of town. Sure enough, the car eventually approaches and roars into the gravel lot of a one room wooden church house Scott’s family has been attending for years. Four vehicles rest in a single neat row facing the building, side by side, and there are two middle aged men standing out in front. One is talking and the other has his right arm on his left elbow, which is in turn bent so that hand is resting on his chin. He listens and nods, or at least until their arrival on this scene visibly disrupts them both. 
“Sorry, Scott, I haven’t seen them,” the one says, a silver haired gentleman with a well trimmed matching moustache, as he does the Vulcan death grip on one of Scott’s shoulders, “but hang in there, buddy, you never know.”
“Yeah, that’s true, you never know,” Scott mutters, though he’s staring at the side of the building and his mind is clearly elsewhere. 
While they’re talking, James ventures a peek inside - five people, which works out as an extremely elderly woman, a woman of about the same age as these two men, two teenage girls and one fat redheaded guy. That’s it. They stare open mouthed at him, their muttered conversation disrupted, as they sit in a circle in metallic fold up chairs. That had always been the style of this strange congregation, the aura more of a business meeting than a divine house of worship. James nods at them and ducks his head back out.
“Marty’s Carpets, nine o’clock Tuesday morning,” the other guy is telling Scott, a wiry figure of nearly his own height with shaggy salt and pepper hair and a face that can’t help smiling, “unless something drastic happens by then, which, I mean, it doesn’t look good.” 
Scott nods but says nothing, and strides back toward the car. James follows. They tear around the town in aimless silence, sometimes literally running in circles around the same block, but like a timed appliance, Scott’s mood improves with a mysterious, sudden swiftness. It’s as if he has run through a number of internal calculations, and every way he has tabulated the results they have spit out the solution that there’s no point in remaining depressed.
“Girls love the bass in this car,” he says, looking over at James with a grin. It’s the first thing said by either since leaving the church a half hour earlier. James was staring out the window, only dimly aware of the rap CDs spinning quietly on random play from the trunk’s ten disc changer. Scott jacks up the volume now, however, and the combination of this and a few words are enough to grab his attention.
“Do they?”
“Oh yeah. Or at least they love it when I’m driving past them. But as soon as they sit down in here, they make me turn it down. Well, unless we’re driving past someone they know, then they wanna crank it up again.”
“How the hell you afford this thing anyway? Cabinet business must be reaaaal good these days.”
“It’s a struggle, no doubt,” Scott admits with a sheepish grin, “that’s how I end up living in a closet at my parents’ house. It was a struggle, anyway - now, fuck it.” He waves a dismissive hand in the air, effectively killing the thought.
Surreal does not begin to summarize the rocks they turn over throughout the afternoon, and what they find underneath. In Middlefork’s lone indoor shopping mall, the doors are all open and even those of the individual businesses, but the only person they find anywhere inside is one black janitor sweeping the central wing’s floor. As they stop to chat him up, as the janitor leans on his broom and with a cackle admits to being just as confused as they are, to showing up for work today because he wasn’t really sure what else to get into, James stares at the giant glass facade of the nearby electronics megastore. Blinking lights and beeps and recurring musical loops advertise the latest and greatest of every gadget known to man, and it’s all right there for the taking. Yet according to the janitor, he’s only seen a handful of people today. Two other employees that he knows of within this entire mall have also shown up, and occasionally he catches sight of them. What there hasn’t been is anything resembling a riot, rocks thrown, things set on fire, none of that.
“It’s been a couple scattered folks, they grab something, split.”
Accordingly, Scott scoops up a few more hiphop CDs and changes them out in the trunk, in their agoraphobia inducing parking slot in the middle of this gargantuan abandoned lot. From here they descend upon a good fifteen different residences, belonging to people Scott knows, be it friend or family, and receive a response at just one. There, at this tiny cottage in a run down neighborhood near the skating rink, Scott raps on the back door and they’re eventually let in by an ashen faced girl of roughly their own age. She leads them through the kitchen and into a gloomy unlit living room where another equally dour girl and guy, also in their early twenties, sit around without so much as music or a movie to keep them entertained. But they refuse to leave the house, and so with hugs - and the girl, who is never introduced to James, in keeping with the poor manners observed not just here but seemingly everywhere, wiping tears away at the kitchen door - they are off again.
Finally, the two of them wind up at the café they encountered clear back near the beginning of their odyssey. A manager is functioning as host and waiter, and there’s one cook in back. A baldheaded weight lifter type and some tow truck driver in grease stained clothes sit at the counter sipping coffee, but the tables are unoccupied. The manager says they are the sixth and seventh patrons he’s served this entire day, in a joint that even a week ago was wall to wall with its post church crowd. Scott has the vegetable soup, James a salad and some chips.
“So....what, no girlfriend these days? You haven’t mentioned anybody,” Scott says, peering up at him over the soup bowl rim and a hoisted spoon.
“God no. I can’t keep anything together for five minutes, are you kidding me?”
Scott nods, as if finding confirmation for what he’d already expected. “And what did you do to your head? I see you’re trying to distract people with that hat, but it isn’t really working.”
“Long story,” James says. He shakes his head and stares out the window, wonders how far back he should start, exactly. After all, it has been five years.



For the second time in as many days, a ringing telephone jars him like a jet buzzing directly overhead might. Only difference Monday morning is, he’s asleep on Jennifer’s love seat and the shrill echo startles him awake, at which point he promptly tumbles onto the floor. That and this time it’s answered by Dana the wannabe mermaid, who in turn apparently has a live person on the other end. He’s on all fours, gaping in wide eyed astonishment over at her. She leans against the kitchen archway, meanwhile, phone in one hand and burning cigarette in the other, coolly regarding him. Scott’s sprawled out on his back on the couch, eyes closed and breathing heavily, he has not moved a muscle. 
“Uh huh....okay.....just a second,” Dana says, slips into the kitchen. James can hear a few drawers opening, and then the sound of her repeating an address as it is given to her.
Out of all the people who had come and gone throughout the weekend, only seven of them now remain at Jennifer’s. It feels just like being in the middle of a murder mystery. A few had called to report on their progress, but most were never heard from and would presumably not be seen again. Now this phone call first thing in the morning. Reunion Week. Okay, so this is how they are going to snatch up the remainder -  James has spent a great deal of time pondering the next step of these still unknown forces acting against them.
“Who was that?” He asks Dana after she clicks her cell phone shut.
She smiles over at James and says, “it was this really nice man from the Reunion Committee! He called me earlier this morning. My parents are ready to come home, I just have to pick them up.” 
“Look, Dana, I don’t....,” he starts, but she puts one finger to her lips en route to the stairwell, which she tiptoes up gently and out of sight. 
She returns a short while later toting a duffel bag, looks over at him once and smiles as she reaches for the front door. Then she exits, and he darts outside after her. 
“I don’t know about this,” he tells her from the front stoop, as she spins around to face him in the yard.
“But he knew my cell phone number!” she says, beaming, “how else would he know that if my parents hadn’t given it to him? He told me where they’re at.” She waves a sheet of paper, bearing the alleged directions.
“You should wait on the others,” he tells her, “the phones haven’t even been working, remember? This could be a trap. We should all sit down together and decide what to do.”
Her face sinks as if suddenly pulled down by an ocean liner’s anchor. “I know what you’re saying, James. Don’t think I haven’t thought all this through myself. Why do you think I had him call me back? I’ve been pacing around since six in the morning or whatever it was the first time he called. But I have to find out. I have to find out!”
“I just....”
“I’m sorry,” she says, this time with an apologetic smile. Then she climbs inside her car, and with a wave, she is gone.
James stands dumbfounded in the front yard for a good fifteen minutes. He massages his jaw and thinks about what just went down. But who is he kidding with these speeches? He had every intention of ducking out this morning himself, he had decided as much while riding around with Scott the day before. It’s just that he happens to believe her flying off into the mouth of the beast alone is a particularly bad idea. But like she said, a person just has to know. It eats away at you either direction you lean, but twice as much if you never find any answers. And anyway, he has a long ride ahead of him, and breaking loose will be a whole lot easier now than before everyone else wakes up.
A half hour later Scott is pacing around the house screaming, “FUUUUUUUCCCKK!”  over and over again. He is carrying a baseball bat in his hands for some reason. Jennifer sits at the table massaging her temples, while Donna paces around as well making theoretical best-case suggestions as to where the two might be. A fourth girl, Trisha, is at the stove making breakfast and the last remaining occupant, Morgan, slips back inside the front door with her status report.
“No, his bike’s gone, too.”
“So see!” Donna offers, though what this actually proves is hard to fathom, “they could be anywhere!”



Of all the scenarios he had the time to fabricate during his two day bike ride home, an overnight in the downtown Cincinnati jail was certainly not one of them. Everything had been going so well, too, until his run in with the goddamn cops. Up until that point, he had felt so clever and strong - a straight shot down I-75, during which time he saw maybe a dozen vehicles, tops. Spending the night at a well lit motel off of one exit, abandoned, but functioning under the traditional and simple key system, requiring not the help of an owner or an employee of any sort. 
On the road again Tuesday morning, eventually encountering that strange barrier literally cutting further progress southbound along this interstate. The barrier had not been here five days ago. That they could hollow out this ravine and throw up an elaborate roadblock in such a short time frame is not so amazing, but the sight of such a totemic piece of landscape being ripped up unsettles him almost as much as anything else has of late. Surely a lot of it is his general queasiness surrounding anything automobile related. But it seems like there should have been some sort of process in place, forms to fill out, committees from which to seek approval. The absence of all this implies, just as much as the barrier overtly states, that things really have gone too far.
Going around the monumental crater, he walks his bike down and across to the other side, forges onward toward the city. In the later afternoon he reaches the pastoral suburb on the high hills overlooking downtown, where his parents reside. This quiet ranch home where he lived with them from the day they moved away from Middlefork until the summer following his exit from high school. Nothing ever changes in these neighborhoods, or rather, the changes come so incrementally and slow that you never notice them at all - a house bought or sold, a new vehicle in the driveway, these demand attention, but almost nothing else does. 
When a tour of the premises yields what he’d feared it would all along - because there is no other activity on this street, either, and why would his parents be any different? - he finally allows his exhausted body to collapse on the concrete stoop in front. Remaining inside the house seems unbearably claustrophobic, and besides he knows that to do so will increase his likelihood of rooting around through pictures and other family artifacts and thus becoming buried by grief. 
How were the other survivors coping with this? And how had he managed to remain alive? You could only give yourself a certain amount of credit for cleverness - the rest was positively attributable to sheer dumb luck. He supposes he can see where a few basic personality traits might give an individual a better chance in these circumstances, a tendency to remain on the fringes of society. Strange then that his understanding of Jennifer’s point on Saturday night had been for all of them, all of these fringe characters, so to speak, for them to remain bunched in one place. Strength in numbers, nobody was picking off groups of fifty at a time. They came for you in small bunches, he’s guessing. And so had she - he never bothered asking, because he felt this was true, it had already occurred to him as well. 
He could sit here forever, he could wait until they came for him or until, possibly, life went back to normal. James recognizes, too, that while he certainly doesn’t have the energy to return north now, it’s also unlikely he will ever do so again - and thinking this, he regrets not leaving a message for Scott of some sort, he laments not saying goodbye. 
Nightfall descends. He knows he should simply return to the house in the country he has called home for two years now, circle the wagons and forget everything, forget everyone. A person of his temperament could find enough projects to sustain himself for years, both mentally and physically, without pausing once to contemplate boredom, or any of the darker emotions. But this was the problem, that he often forced himself to pause and think, at which point the gloom set in.
If only he’d had one of those introspective moments before he set off on his ill timed bike ride downtown. With the benefit of retroactive analysis, he can’t even say what it was he hoped to accomplish or find. In the back of his mind he supposes he must have missed already the warmth of all that human interaction the past weekend at Jennifer’s: he could keep himself occupied perpetually with these projects, but this isn’t to say he preferred to live that way.
With virtually no vehicles in motion and thus no reason to pay attention to the traffic lights which continue to function, he’s downtown in just over half an hour. Already a city in disrepair - racial tensions were always high here for whatever reason, and the job market had been lousy for quite some time - this plague or this genocide or this coming of the apocalypse or however you chose to phrase the events of the past year and a half only made maters worse. 
Unlike Middlefork, looting was a problem here, as well as vandalism for sheer vandalism’s sake - some shops had left their doors wide open and the lights on and some were boarded up, but there was no pattern to which had their windows busted out and which didn’t. The skyscrapers loom overhead in this silence and darkness like giant man-eating insects, appearing to connect as legs to a body formed by low flying cloud. At one point, his ears are drawn to the unmistakable sound of bottles clinking and music playing and adult voices carrying on. But it’s a pitch black stretch of office building, with the nearest traffic light, even, some three intersections away, and though he circles the block four times on his bike and once on foot - trying every door he encounters - he has no success deriving the source. 
Maybe eight blocks later he approaches the first lit up storefront in he doesn’t know how long. It occurs to him then, as he sails toward this mom and pop convenience store in the middle of an otherwise deserted street, that it’s been even longer since he’s seen an actual human - someone walking up the sidewalk with a tv awhile back, a few people in a trashed out pharmacy combing through the wreckage. But this store, it is completely deserted, which gives him security enough to lean his bike against a darkened shop front next door and breeze inside.
In a flash James maps out this internal picture of how the remainder of this night will pass, before he has even made it back to any corresponding sections of this quaint market. He shall load up a backpack full of the necessary supplies, climb back on his bike and cross one of those towering steel bridges, swaying in monolithic silence above the Ohio River, into Covington, Kentucky, then through it and camping at the first random patch of woods he encounters south of that minor city. Though displaying some vague signs of intermittent looting, for the most part this store remains blessedly untouched, and most of what he knows he’ll need is here - energy bars, cotton balls, bottled water, matches. Sharpies reluctantly substituted when he can find no pens, yet a small cache of assorted socks unexpectedly appears, of which he grabs a couple varieties, and he further fleshes out the wish list with some good ol’ grease drenched potato chips (both food and an excellent fire starter), the thickest trash bags money would have bought, a pocket knife, a roll of toilet paper, some notebooks, and fistfuls of beef jerky products. 
Throughout this ritual of backpack stuffing, his eyes dart repeatedly to the open front door, first over his shoulder, then, when such a position begins to creep him out, unable to shake the sensation of being cornered, standing stage center under a spotlight before thousands, in front of him when he shifts his stance around to face that direction instead. When his raiding runs its course without incident, however, paranoia begins to subside, he slings the pack’s straps back across each shoulder blade and strides toward that door. 
On a whim, he stops short near the counter, where both a slim pack of cinnamon gum and the shiny cellophane of a dozen no. 2 pencils simultaneously grab his attention. The gum most likely because he hasn’t had a cigarette since enjoying the last on his parents’ front stoop some hours ago, and is fiending, while the pencils, well, due to his being a major dweeb, thus naturally attracted to such things, yet also as he’s unable to comprehend using a freaking Sharpie to scribble in those inevitable notebooks later. So with a shrug, he crams one of each into his front left pocket, then exits the store.
James has already popped the first piece of gum into his mouth and straddled the bicycle once more, resumed the western slant across this dark and silent downtown street - the first block level, then abruptly declining - and is enjoying the sharp, cool wind of this gravity assisted increase in speed, when he realizes with near absolute certainty, from the corner of his right eye, that he not only just passed a stationary police cruiser, parked curbside, but that there was an actual live human seated at the wheel. Maybe a quarter mile from the convenience store, though rapidly moving away ever further, and he stands upright now, glances backward in an attempt to verify this flash of an impression. 
He almost never sees the other car coming. An undeniable black and white squad car, it slinks inward from a side street and stops with the clear intent of blocking all forward progress. Another half second delay in his reaction, he would have slammed into fully into it, but instead, altering his course just the slightest at this final instant, as the suspected cruiser he’d fleetingly glanced behind him roaring to life as well behind him, its red and blue jackpot lights twirling, James skids sidelong, slams into a pole abutting the sidewalk, and is rocketed backwards by the force of impact, out of his seat and onto the road. Clutching a scraped right elbow that had absorbed much of this damage, he’s attempted to stand but is clubbed into a prone position again by the beefier of two middle aged, mustachioed boys in blue now standing above him. He’s dimly aware of them stripping his backpack away, forcing him to stand, and shoving him into the back seat of the first vehicle, idling sideways like a demon lying in wait.



James extracts the packet of pencils from his pocket. Fuzzily, realization of his surroundings returns and he reconstructs the ambush. That he no longer has that backpack, but there are these pencils, and, well, the pack of cinnamon gum. Digging into his pocket for the pencils, he’s worried about making too much noise as he snaps one of these writing instruments in half and sharpens it by hand, but the officers don’t appear to be paying any attention and he’s lucked out in a sense by snagging such low quality material - the wood gives way easily, like flesh. It does occur to him momentarily that he could jab the policemen in their fat necks through the hole this wire mesh allows. But knowing his luck, James would botch the operation and only piss off one or both cops, thereby making matters worse. And anyway even in a best case scenario he doesn’t see how he’d possibly be able to stab the guy to death with horrible leverage and a pencil, then kick out the windows or whatever and escape. 
Fueled in large part by panic, all he can think about is that this may represent his final car ride - and that part he’s actually alright with, but it’s what this slow crawl across downtown Cincinnati might mean in a wider sense that’s gotten him so worked up. James always supposed that he would be much calmer when his moment finally arrived, and on the surface he is. But his heart is beating itself berserk, consumed with the primary thought that there’s no record anywhere that he ever existed. Whatever knowledge accumulated - and surely there must be something for him to impart, if he’s avoided every pitfall until now - he is suddenly determined to jot down on the remote chance it might benefit someone in a similar situation down the road.
There are some typewritten sheets of police code tucked into the flap on the backside of both driver and passenger side front seats. He could scrawl on the margins of these, and begins to, even, when they approach the precinct jail at last. A giant industrial garage door opens and they gain entry, as two other uniformed officers approach the car. James tucks the pencil behind his ear, absently, and awaits further instruction.



He’s in the so-called drunk tank for an interminable number of hours. James counts fourteen others, all male, in here with him, and wishes he was in a state more along the lines of the happiest among these - a chubby, intoxicated soul passed out snoring on one bench, his hairy belly hanging out from a too small lime green tee shirt. Occasionally, bubbles actually form on his lips, which creates a wave of subdued snickering to pass through the room each time.
The room they’re in is walled with plexiglass and apparently soundproof. A handful of the men in here, particularly those who arrive after James and thus are not yet acclimated to their fate, pound and scream until they are hoarse. Nobody on the outside ever so much as looks up at them. James is guessing the cops are plenty inured to this behavior by now, true, but that they surely have taken every measure possible to not hear this crap in the first place. For his own part he has remained impressively calm, he doesn’t mind telling himself, and even that inner panic he felt on the way here is gone. The closest he came to any actual protest was asking the booking agent (or whatever the hell his title was) what crime they were actually charging him with, anyway. The agent stopped writing on his triple carbon sheeted form for a second, long enough to peer over his bifocals at James. A middle aged, no nonsense stuffed shirt with a crew cut, and this is the first time he’s even looked in James’s direction, much less eye to eye.
“Shoplifting, of course. What else would it be?”
“But there wasn’t even anybody running the store!” James explains, though grasping mid-sentence the futility of this exercise.
By now the desk sergeant has already turned his attention back to the forms. Nonetheless, he can’t resist getting in a couple more smug jabs. “So you think every time a shop owner leaves the room it gives everyone else the right to loot the place.”
James should have known he was wasting breath and needn’t bother even broaching the subject. That both he and this desk attendant both know his arrest and for that matter most of the others in this booked-to-the-rafters jail has nothing to do with anything in the way of an “official” reason, and still, James is internally wrapped in fits, finding his inability to verbalize this machinations of this impenetrable veil all the more maddening. The misty eyed haughtiness of those in uniform, cozy with the knowledge that everyone detained here is stripped of what little power they’d previously held.
“No, I suppose not,” James says.
“No, I suppose not,” the processing clerk repeats, and sighs, continues working on his forms.
When asking him “one last time” if he has any weapons or drugs on him, “because it’s not a big deal if you tell us right now but it’s a real big deal if we find em on ya in there,” James coughs up his packet of pencils. Most of the other inmates are wearing orange robes and rubber sandals, but he’s guessing they ran out because James is left alone in his street clothes as they corral him into the tank. Every guard, every individual on duty, they all seem preoccupied and only paying half a mind to him.
He is clearly no threat to them, but he wonders: all his life, he’s had this strange gift for avoiding disaster. He’s never been one of those guys that people refer to as an accident waiting to happen. More like the complete opposite, in that nothing bad ever seems to befall him. It’s gotten to the point that he almost believes in obliviousness as life’s great defense strategy. James feels he could walk straight down the middle of a Revolutionary War style skirmish and not even pick up so much as a scrape. But only if he had his mind preoccupied with something else at the time, if he walked through there thinking, say, about some book he’d read. And it wasn’t true obliviousness, or ignorance, as in some lower region of his mind he remained aware of what was going on. Just that he could not consciously focus on the battle at hand, for the times that he has attempted to take a positive action in life, these have tended to blow up in his face. And this for years has been the source of so much frustration in his day to day grind - he considers himself an intelligent guy, and has always been called such by others, but he’s never found a way to connect the two halves: his good fortune in oblivion and his intellect. Yet he has always silently believed that at some point he would put it all together, and then he would represent a force to reckon with, though that notion seems definitively laid to rest here, tonight.
One argumentative young man with unruly brown hair is led off screaming at the next desk over, dragged down some anonymous hall wearing street clothes and sporting a lump on his head where one especially humorless guard swatted him with a billy club. Safe to say, this has never been James’s approach. His circuitous flight pattern to every destination has always caught a lot of ridicule, but somehow he without fail emerges at the very least - if not on top - alive.
At what he’s told is five o’clock in the morning, he and everyone else in the drunk tank, including that lone actual passed out drunk, are moved into some other holding pen, closer to the cell block, where they are given a bowl of cereal and milk, a rubber mat that is bunched up at one end to represent a “pillow,” and a flimsy wool blanket. Fortunately, they are in this cramped room only a matter of minutes. Unfortunately, when they are moved to their eventual cell, it’s already occupied with at least as many individuals as their drunk tank posse, if not more.



There are no beds in this expansive cell, just the rubber mats strewn everywhere, a commode, a sink. Roughly half of the occupants are black men, the other half white, but James's early read on them as a lot is that these aren't the hardened career criminals he was mentally prepared to expect. Most have clearly had some run ins with the law before, judging from the way they talk, and some were violent crimes and some were merely drug related. Murderers and bank robbers and sexual offenders, however, these men are not. Most were likely arrested on nonsense charges the same as he.
For the most part everyone sits in small clusters, murmuring in low voices. But at center stage a half dozen or so are arguing who owes what in sides, a phrase James does not quite yet grasp, stemming from the card games they've been playing for days on end. Leading the charge is a tall but slightly overweight white male in his late 30s or early 40s, with crew cut brown hair and a voice that lends respect. Everyone else involved in the discussion nonetheless defers to him, an individual whose name James soon learns is Steve. 
Between the cops coming by and calling out a person's full name - occasionally to report on that person's "bond" status, more often just to harass and/or tell him to pipe down - and the propensity the jailed have for referring to one another by last name only, James soon pieces together that Steve's is Driscoll. Just as the hippie in the corner with the long grey hair is Rick Hickey, and that the two of them are both contractors and have known one another for quite some time. They were brought in along with a third friend, Kevin Dunn, a tall, rangy redhead currently sawing logs on a distant mat. All three were booked under public intox charges, and this had been ten days ago. James is only made aware of this because he's seated and resting his back against the concrete wall maybe six feet from Rick, while Steve Driscoll talks.
"Bullshit. You bet me your green beans, your sandwich, and your brownie at lunchtime, and you LOST!" Steve is telling this wiry, grinning black kid probably half his age - a few years younger than James, even - who can't help bearing a grin that says he's mostly convinced he's wrong but is enjoying the argument anyway.
"Nawww, man! You bet the farm at dinner tonight and you lost!" the kid, Melvin Broad, insists, "I'm tellin ya!"
"No," Steve shakes his head vigorously, "huh uh. Dinner you got my tater tots. That was it. Nice try, chief."
James pulls his attention away from the primary source of entertainment to judge what else is going on around the room. A loudmouth kid with spiky blonde hair, Anthony LaCourt, is banging on the bars and shouting lewd entendres down the hall to a cell of females, which none of them can see but are aware of just the same. Joined by a trio of black males, the four of them then move on to barking threats at an armed guard stationed in the other direction. 
"Not bright," James says.
"No, huh uh," Rick agrees, "not the least."
Far more clever is the contraption one loner over by the sink has concocted, though surely he wasn't the first guy to think of this. James supposes that prison lore is like campfire tales, with the exception that there are always stationary figures in jail, here long before and long after you, to pass along this body of knowledge. Many aspects of being here might almost pass as welcome, and border on hilarious - if, for instance, you were allowed to swing in here for eight hours instead of going to your job - but the part about having no control over your arrival and departure, and to a lesser extent the living conditions, that's the part that makes this experience suck. 
At any rate, the guy over by the sink, he's curling what at first looks like some gelatinous blob. Only after finally giving up and asking this Rick character what that ripped, meditative but determined black dude over there is doing is its brilliance revealed to him: it's a trash bag, filled up with water and tied off. That's what passes as a set of weights around here. 
A break in what had been the predominant conversational thread swivels James's attention back to Melvin and Steve, the latter of which has stopped a few feet short of him and is staring intently at James. Not so much at his eyes, but at some spot on his head.
"No fucking way," Steve mutters, and closes the rest of the distance to James.
"What?" James replies, passively, though by the time these words have left his lips, Steve's right arm has already shot out toward his left ear. 
The pencil. In all this confusion, his mind racing in a thousand different directions at once, he had forgotten all about it. And the guards had not been paying him any mind at all, they'd failed to notice as well. What this means he has no idea, but Steve clearly does - more of that prison lore - and he's guessing a bunch of the others do as well.
"Oh hell no.....," Melvin says. A handful of others crowd around behind him and Steve, each of them fascinated somehow by this simple writing instrument.
"Doesn't surprise me," Rick says, as if reading James's mind, "they're kinda weird about stuff around here. Like they let us keep our cigarettes, and then there's this deal with the coffee every morning."
"The coffee?" James says.
"Yeah, they come around with coffee every morning, we all get our rationed amount. Instant, of course, and we got no hot water," Rick nods toward the sink, "but still. Anyway, guys have been taking trash bags and dumping their coffee in it, putting it in their pockets, then saying they didn't get any. So then the guard comes back around and gives everybody coffee all over again."
"That is strange."
"You know?"
Steve has snapped off one fourth of the pencil and handed it to Melvin, who immediately runs over to a light socket. Melvin pares away the fleshy wood that he needs to make it fit, then plugs this utensil into the outlet. 
"They let us keep our cigarettes because we had no lighter," Rick explains, "except now we do."
"Huh?"
"The lead heats up."
"Any of you dumbasses get a bright idea about starting a fire, you better think twice," Steve is murmuring, loud enough to be heard in this cell but not beyond, "I've got an idea, but you try that shit and I'll be testing it out on you instead."
Even the ones who'd been somnambulant up to this point snap to attention. Cigarettes are procured and lit, as men savor their first smoke in who knows how long with the relish of someone on the firing line. Then, except for those who are genuinely asleep, every eye in the room is focused upon Driscoll. He gives no indication as to what he's up to, however, except instructing LaCourt to lay it on as thick as he can.
"Hey you fat fuck! Get over here!"
James can't see the guard in question, but is guessing it's a safe bet he's unmoved by such overtures. Jabs made at the guard's appearance, his wife, his appetite and his sexual prowess fail to lure him over to the cage. Finally Steve waves Anthony away, shaking his head, whispering something about an opportunity will eventually present itself.
Without ever rolling out his mat - without bothering to find a spare plot for doing so - James eventually conks out, sitting right where he is. When he comes to, there are two black guys sitting at the plastic picnic table, staring at a news program on a tv mounted in the hall, and debating at high volume whether the current president is better or worse than the smirking jackass who vacated the office in January.
"…yeah but he hasn't done anything!"
"He damn charismatic, though. Only been a few months anyhow."
"Enough time to wipe out the rest of the folk the last fool didn't."
"He still better than that muthafucka."
"Better how?! What, like sittin here two weeks on a damn speeding ticket?"
"He still better."
And so on. Aside from Steve, who leans against a side wall with this particularly brooding and intense expression on his face, everyone else in the entire cell seems asleep. That anyone could sleep through the volume of the tv and their debate coming over the top of that seems unlikely, but James had and so are the others. 
Then he appears. Waddling over with a pleased expression between his sagging, rosy cheeks, a ruddy blob broken only by the seemingly requisite policeman’s moustache, keys jangling on the exterior of his uniform slacks, the cop materializes at their cell. He calls out Anthony's name, says he has information on LaCourt's bond status. With his apparently naturally blonde hair twice as chaotic and glamorous after a few hours’ sleep, the latter’s eyes pop open and he jumps to his feet. 
The guard beams and tells LaCourt to gather up his blanket and his mat. He ups the visual and aural antes by jangling the keys in his right hand.
"So I'm getting out of here, then?" a wide eyed Anthony asks.
"Mmm, no," the guard grins with visual relish, "I just didn't want you pissing all over that mat when I told you you're moving to solitary."
"You son of a BITCH!" Anthony screams, and spits in the guard's face, "I will kick you in the TITS, fuckhead! Your ass is history!” 
The guard merely chuckles as he wipes the spit away. With his left hand, he produces a pair of handcuffs that are clipped to his belt.  "I seriously doubt your dick is that long. Because we are chaining your ass in there." 
Steve acts with such speed and savagery that James is forever replaying this lone scene in his head over and over again. That someone of such heft could go from zero to full tilt without seeming to be anywhere near the action. Without seeming to exert himself in the least.
He never knew what hit him, the guard. In one fluid motion Steve lurches from the wall to the bars, jams the remaining 3/4 of the pencil with all his might into the guard's windpipe, as he yanks the officer's right arm through the bars, grabs the keys, bends it back with such force the bones crunch like a cob of corn being snapped in half. The guard screams, which is lost in the overwhelming hoopla - just as it intensifies when Driscoll removes the blood soaked pencil and jabs out the guard's left eye with it. Steve bends down to pick up the handcuffs, shackles their would be antagonist to the bars.
"Shoot him!"
"Yeah, shoot his ass!" 
Panting, Steve wipes the blood from his face and says, "would you people please shut the fuck up."
"Steve, man!" Anthony says, as he hops up and down in the cell and points at the still screaming officer, "you gotta blast his ass, man!"
"I SAID SHUT THE FUCK UP!" Steve bellows, and this salvo packs sufficient force to silence even the cells across the aisle. And with those handful of measures to collect himself, he reaches around with the keys, he unlocks the door as all hell breaks loose. 
Freed of any obligation, LaCourt takes to pummeling the guard's face repeatedly with blows. A number of the others join in. But Driscoll's not wasting his time with any of this nonsense, as he tosses the keys into an adjacent cell and takes off down the hall. Rick and Kevin are right on his heels. 
"Yo, Steve!" Anthony calls out, having expended whatever demons needed satisfied with his fists, "we came in thisaway!'
With one impatient pause, Driscoll does stop, and spins on his heels. "Which is why we're going this way."
"Fuck that," Anthony says to the ever growing mob, "I ain't gettin trapped back in there. We're about to go storm these fuckers." 
Driscoll shakes his head, as he and his two comrades dart around a corner. Paralyzed by indecision, James looks at the tail end of the throng moving away from him in one direction, and the forgotten masses still trapped in their cells amid this melee, and he trusts his gut. Strength in numbers? Not always the case. And so he takes off sprinting after Steve.
When he catches up to the three of them, they take one cursory glance behind them, and James is acutely aware that if the guy wielding their lone weapon was the least bit jittery, he would have riddled James with holes just now. But Driscoll is the picture of control. They test a number of doors that lead nowhere, move into a promising and abandoned corridor, creep along trying still more. Only when the sound of automatic weapons firing multiple rounds opens up - on the other side of the building, they believe, but who can really tell - does their sense of urgency increase. 
By some miracle, Steve opens one door and his eyes bulge, he takes off in a dead run across this lobby of sorts, on the other side of which a glass door awash in bright daylight awaits. The others are right on his heels. 
James is spellbound, again, by the furious economy of motion Driscoll embodies, the coiled energy that never hesitates before ripping into its selected target. Despite the burly figure he cuts, Steve’s down the steps and inside a curbside jeep, having cracked open the steering column as he hotwires it, as James himself stands at the top of these cement, block-wide steps in a trance, as Rick and Kevin lumber down the steps between them. But twin pistol reports somewhere in the building behind him act as the perfect deterrent to his daydreams, and send him in motion. 
He bounds across the stone landscape, catching up to the others just as they too are arriving at the jeep. Kevin and Rick are already lined up beside the two passenger side doors. James rocks on his heels on the sidewalk. Right about the time Steve’s gotten the wires sparking and the engine roars to life, that’s when the first boys in blue appear at the top of the stairs. Except they’re not packing pistols, they’ve got what appear to be semi automatic rifles. 
“Dumbass!” Driscoll shouts above the din, his face snapped back and red with a rage James can only guess at, “get in the fucking jeep!” 
It all happens so fast, tangled together in the din. Steve’s already behind the wheel, and with the emergence of these guards James hurries around to the rear driver’s side door. Kevin and Rick have no sooner opened their own when the first volley of shots ring out, tearing into their bodies with a force that first stops them cold, like the pause button on a DVD player, and then has them collapsed to the ground with a hail of blood flying to surpass even the bullets, doors left swinging open. James has gotten his own door opened but hesitates, wide eyed. Driscoll puts the car in gear with raw physicality, at the same instant a bullet smacks the windshield beside him and sounds to have flattened the back right tire. 
“GET IN THE FUCKING CAR!” Steve’s screaming, and James does just that at what has to be the last split second the law of physics will allow, as the jeep squeals out of its slot with a thump and a roar. James has flung himself headlong across the back seat, covered his head with his hands in what he assumes has to be a placebo-like futility, then rolls with a painful thud onto the floor. The thump of the flat beneath him as the pained shrieks of the engine mix with bullets that even now tear into the metal hull of this vessel, in one gut wrenching orchestra of sound. And then, just as abruptly, the last of these disturbances leaves them, the gunfire fading to champagne bottle pops behind them, then nothing.
Whether Steve has any destination in mind or is navigating at random, he lets up this manic pace not a whit, a sharp series of lefts and rights. James allows himself to sit up and look around. Driscoll’s eyes meet his for a split second in the rearview, and he sees the driver nod, three times to himself, as if to say okay, the idiot in the backseat made it, at least. 
They both notice the figure jogging down the street in front of them at the same time. He’s moving in the same direction as they, a black male they can’t initially identify and then, with growing incredulity that has to be about equal for the both of them, surely, they do. Eldorado. He looks back at this jeep with abject terror, but they can see in the moment before he also recognizes them that he’s too exhausted to do anything about them, even if they were a threat. Soaked with sweat and terrified, his pained faces sags nearly to the ground with relief when they slam to an abrupt stop to the left of them. In the melee, the front passenger’s side door snapped off against a parked car, though the rear one swings still in the breeze. As Eldorado quickly climbs aboard, James for whatever reason struggles against the wind of the jeep roaring to life again to lean out and close the other one. 
“What the fuck happened back there,” Driscoll says to Eldorado, more a statement than a question, as he soon has them screaming down the street at warp speed again. 
“You’d know more than me,” Eldorado says, in between harsh gasps of breath, “I didn’t think anybody else made it outta there. I don’t see how anyone else could’ve.”
“What,” Steve says, “you shoot your way out the front door?”
“Nooooo,” Eldorado says, shaking his head emphatically back and forth nearly a dozen times, “I saw those people goin’ left so to speak and your people goin’ right, I thought shit, I’m goin’ straight ahead.” And at this moment he allows himself an explosive belly laugh, surely the stress outlet his bodies needs as badly as it needs water to stay alive, but one that rattles James to his core nonetheless. “I slid right out a bathroom window.”
“You slid out a bathroom window?” Steve says, turning his head to actually face his copilot for the first time since they stopped. 
“I slid right out the damn bathroom window,” Eldorado nods, “nobody even noticed my ass. I hit the ground and started runnin’. But I couldn’t tell ya what happened to those other fools.” 
“Here, tailgunner” Steve half turns to the backseat, and James feels something hard and metallic plop in between his thighs, “let’s hope you know how to use it.”
He looks down to see the pistol Driscoll initially confiscated from the guard. And it is in this instant, faced with the implied responsibility this object has literally dropped in his lap - for both his lives and the others - that James realizes it is this, not the arrest, not the shower of gunfire earlier, that he’d characterize as the most terrifying moment of his life thus far. 
Without warning, as they troll down a suburban street made all the more quiet by the events of these past seventeen months, Steve whips the car in a seemingly random driveway on their right. He rockets up the sharp incline beside this fairly luxurious redbrick ranch style home, tires barking as he slams to a violent halt. And of course, the flat is smoking, but at least it got them this far, its pungent singed rubber burning their nostrils and lungs. 
“We can switch vehicles here,” is all Steve offers by way of explanation, as he leads them first into a screened in rear patio area and then, turning the unlocked knob of the back kitchen door, inside this house. 
James feels like an inept moron as he gingerly dangles the gun beside him, paying an almost religion devotion to it even as he attempts to keep as much distance as possible. Driscoll makes a beeline across the house, into a den where an impressive arsenal of even more powerful weapons awaits, on the other side of a glassed in case. Eldorado meanwhile has the air of a prospective buyer, strolling around and taking in everything. 
“This your place, Steve?”
“Yeah,” Driscoll hacks out. He’s patting his pockets, mutters, “fuck, they took my keys,” and picking up some rock shaped object stacked atop a stack of end table magazines, without hesitation smashes the front wall of the case to shreds. 
James and Eldorado have their eyes on other cabinets. He hears McKay pawing through cupboards and opening doors in the kitchen behind him as he slides, as if on a motorized track, to the far side of the room, to a glistening array of liquor bottles neatly arranged on shelves. This one isn’t locked, thankfully, and he reaches inside, clutches the first decanter of whiskey his hands will come across. He twists the cap off and allows himself a nice long pull, as Steve stomps across the room to join him.
“Precious commodity, eh?” Driscoll says, his face opening up with the first outright grin James has witnessed since sometime last night. Even as Driscoll’s making an impatient “gimme that” gesture with one hand. James hands him the bottle and he too knocks back a healthy dose, smacking his lips when he’s finished. And then the whiskey is in James’s possession once again. 
“Y’all fuck around with that bullshit, I’m gettin’ something to eat,” Eldorado declares, plopping down on a plush, patterned couch with a hastily assembled plate - a sandwich, a mountain of chips, a banana - behind them. 
Under ordinary circumstances, such forthright gestures would never occur to them. To come into a relative stranger’s home, and begin treating it as one’s own. But though they’ve known each other less than twenty four hours, experiences such as these obviously hasten the familiarity process: when bullets from the same guns have been whizzing over your collective heads, you tend to skip formalities. 
“It’s all the same to me whatever you two do,” Driscoll says, right to the point. Though again, a man who’s currently pointing a hunting rifle at the ceiling, has a pistol stuffed into his waistband, and has moments ago laid out another pair of what look like machine guns on a sofa, he usually doesn’t mince words. “But you can’t stay here. You can ride with me, you can go wherever it is you gotta go, you could probably walk around the block and wait for me to leave and loot the place for all I know, but you can’t stay here. I’m heading right back out that door in about two minutes, and you’re gonna be in front of me, and I’m locking up the place behind me.” 
“Where you goin’? Family?” Eldorado says, in between bites of food, looking up at Steve with eyes that are almost pleading. 
“Nah,” Steve says, snatching the bottle from James’s grasp again and knocking back another slug, “well, maybe. I don’t know where exactly, but I can feel it…they’re nowhere near this town.”
“Wife and kids?” James says.
“Ex-wife, you might as well say now,” Steve replies, shooting a cool sidelong glance over at him, “but yeah. And two teenage daughters.” 
“How long’s it been since you’ve seen them?”
“We’ll get into that later,” Driscoll barks, “what’s it gonna be?”
He’d planned all along on switching vehicles once they got here. It seemed unlikely that there would be any APB out for the jeep, or for them, but then again they had just busted loose from the county jail, which even in these turbulent times was bound to count for something. Aside from all that, their heads bobbing in the open breeze troubled him, and while the time this easy access saved them in hotwiring the jeep is likely the only reason they’re still alive, it also represented something of a miracle in that their heads hadn’t been blown clean off with the shower of gunfire. 




Part Three: HE ALWAYS FINDS A WAY




“I’m telling you people right now. This reunion is touching and all, but fifteen minutes and I’m outta here. You’re either with me or you’re not.”
“Don’t be an ass,” Donna tells him.
“Look, I’m sorry,” Steve says, “but I’ve got people missing, too. And this whole scenario - every road in this entire section of the state leads here, and everybody in this town winds up slaughtered - this whole thing smells like a setup. A booby trap. With or without this goddamn doctor.” 
“Steve’s right,” James says, “I don’t think it matters to us much what happened here. We need to roll.”
Steve had nearly run over Scott and Jennifer, waving their arms madly in the middle of the main drag. And if he hadn’t, they might have met their grisly deaths at the wrong end of bullets had James not been riding shotgun and alert, coming half unglued at the astronomical unlikelihood of bumping into them here. Then Donna and Eric loping along shortly thereafter, completing this surreal scene. 
Mike had been so adamant about carrying their luggage into the nearest dormitory, claiming an empty room for each of them. This final act dominates their thoughts as they shuffle off to gather these meaningless possessions. It eats at each of them that they didn’t become better acquainted with Mike - or any of the others who made the trip down - and that because they know this Steve guy is right they won’t have time to process any of this, at least not immediately, that they will never have a chance to properly investigate here. Knowing that there would be no CNN coverage swooping onto this college in the morning, that they would never see any of this ever again - except as a movie occasionally scrolling in their minds, the piled up bodies here. Albeit a movie whose last reel has gone forever missing, leaving them to wonder if they’d missed out on any clues, imagining how it ends. 
They pile their belongings into two additional vehicles, Marty’s Carpets cleaning vans both. With a steadfast refusal to hear any other arguments, Eric’s maroon Monte Carlo is thrown into the mix as well, partially for sentimental reasons, partially because it’s still jammed to the hilt with cigarettes and this is the easiest option to bring them along. The other six are paired off in groups of two, predictable for the circumstances in which they already knew one another: Scott and James in one van, Donna and Jennifer in another, Steve and Eldorado in the SUV. 
They have no clear destination in sight, and, thanks to their hasty exit, no clear cut idea to whence Dr. Logan might have dispersed. But spots along the highway materialize at just the right times to refuel their vehicles, and by daylight, even in running into considerable roadblocks along the way, zigging and zagging, they eventually cross over the mighty Ohio River, into Kentucky. 
Eldorado isn’t sure what the others must think of this Driscoll, blazing a trail in this lead vehicle. But to him, Steve is an absolute machine of efficiency. His methods would seem to make no sense to the casual observer, and may have the others behind them scratching their heads, but Eldorado gets it. He understands that at every point there seems to be only one obvious and safe route, Steve smells trouble, he doubles back and finds some other obscure means of making progress. He might be paranoid, but no way are they running into a trap. 
Thus this leg of the trip takes an eternity, when an hour or two should have sufficed. But all Steve does is pull over at an empty yet well lit and open for business gas station, pour some coffee and refuel the SUV, keep right on motoring. What they haven’t discussed - and neither has anybody else, at least not in interacting with Eldorado in all these stops - is where they are headed. It’s as if everyone understands by general consensus that they need to find the nearest so-called Reunion Center. This would mean Huntington, West Virginia, for them, and so it is that while ostensibly being the smart ones who have made it this far, they are being led straight into the belly of the beast anyway. But that’s just his opinion. And since Steve’s saying nothing for the bulk of these car rides, Eldorado’s pontificates at length about virtually everything else.
“But think about it,” Eldorado says, “it’s like we all have some small piece to contribute to the overall, what you might call, the overall bank of knowledge. Nobody has it all, not even close.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I mean, think about, what if there were only 15 people left on the planet, say. Say we’re the only ones left on the planet, us. Right here. Now suppose that in our lifetimes, we absolutely had to find a way to get at least one of us up to the moon. The seven, eight of us, fifteen, whatever, no training whatsoever, no knowledge. If this was the only deal we had to focus on, every day if we had to, wouldn’t we eventually find a way to make it happen?”
“Well, yeah, I suppose....,” Steve says, shrugging his right shoulder as he continues staring and steering with all points straight ahead. 
“So that’s just the way I see it. We’re all contributing our piece, we’re all advancing this bank of human knowledge in some small way. Even if your life is a complete waste, a total example of what doesn’t work, well, then that’s what it is, you’ve proven what a dead end looks like. The things that work, however small, you pass them on without even realizing it. The what not to do, too.”
“Yeah, but for what? It all reaches the same conclusion anyway. Everyone dead, the race human annihilated. It will eventually be the same as if we never existed at all.”
“See, I used to think that too! But the thing is, even if the planet froze down to absolute zero, the human race would find a way to carry on. Could a handful of scientists survive right now if they had to the rest of their lives underground? Could they set up enough false lighting and air filtration systems and plant life - hell, even other animals, if they wanted to, I suppose - right now to where it was an ongoing thing, to where they never had to come up for air again? To where they could continue having a select number of babies even, just enough to carry on, and on and on and on? Couldn’t they do that right now if they wanted to?”
“Well, yeah, again, maybe, but whatever,” Steve shrugs, again without lifting his hands from the wheel or the eyes from this winding country highway.
“Okay then, so what difference would it make if it was the last handful of people left or just seven out of the seven billion now? You get my point?”
“Huh. Yeah. Until the sun eventually explodes, fifty billion years from now.”
“Okay now the sun explode, we’re in some serious shit,” Eldorado laughs, “but by then, I’m sure there’s plenty of people loaded up with all they need on rocket ships to the next frozen rock that’ll have them, whatever, we would find a way.”
“Could be,” Steve allows.
“And see,” Eldorado continues,  “I’ve even heard talk that they think they’ll seriously be able to move the earth with lasers should the need ever arise, on to the next hospitable star. And I’m thinking, wouldn’t it be easier just to build your own artificial sun? Of course it all sounds so far fetched right now. Then again, if you look at the first spaceships to make it to the moon and back they had less technology in them than our cell phones currently have,” he sighs and concludes, “so anything‘s possible.”
Off a winding mountain pass road high, or at least high as it relates to these flatter, smaller eastern U.S. peaks, above the last bit of civilization they’d encountered some thirty minutes ago, Driscoll abruptly pulls off onto a muddy shoulder, kills the engine, and exits his vehicle. The others follow suit. Around back, he pops the hatch and roots around in a bag for an oversized pair of binoculars.  Donna asks him what the point of all this is, while a few of the others wonder now whether Steve hasn’t had their route planned all along, if he hasn’t been plotting this for months. His incarceration, merely a temporary hindrance.
“I-64's right over there,” Steve says, nodding south, toward the trees, “there’s something I wanna see.”
They tiptoe through the brush beside the road, and then through this small stretch of woods. Why such silence is required nobody asks, they merely follow Driscoll’s lead. Abruptly, the trees give way to a rocky clearing, which drops in dramatic fashion a couple dozen yards ahead down to the interstate carved from these mountains. Steve puts his right arm out to indicate they should stop.
He lifts the binoculars to his eyes, focuses his attention primarily to the stretch of interstate to the east. Streetlights which appear recently erected illuminate with chilling brilliance every inch of the roadway, even though the sun is doing an effective job at this hour. They’ve yet to see a car moving in either direction, though there is an electronic sign mounted above the interstate, flashing its amber colored message at would be eastbound travelers: HUNTINGTON REUNION CENTER 8 MILES AHEAD!!! Without a word, Steve hands the binoculars to Donna at his immediate right. He stands rubbing his chin while she now surveys the scene.
“There they are again!” she shouts suddenly, then clamps a hand over her mouth as if anyone else besides these seven could possibly hear her. In a quieter voice, she explains, “over there, across the street...”
“Across the street,” Eric chuckles.
“On the other side of the highway, whatever. Those weird holograms we saw earlier, back in Ohio.”
“Holograms?” Steve questions, snatches the binoculars back, begins scanning the ridge directly opposite this one, nearly identical except for their presence here and those men over there - if that’s what they are- in suits and sunglasses, toting walkie talkies but flickering completely out of sight every now and then.
Further on down the line, Eldorado and then James and Jennifer have a look, before Steve turns on his boots and marches back into the trees. Such is his command that with only a curt, “come on,” the others follow. Into their vehicles once more, in the same configurations as they had been, Driscoll leads them higher still along this winding route, which bears a lazy east but north direction, diffusing some of the apparent progress they had made.
“It kind of bothers me I guess the way we’re blindly following this Steve character around,” Jennifer admits from the vantage point of her driver’s seat, second position in this small convoy.
“I know, it reminds me of pretty much every job I’ve had. Corporate jobs...” Donna groans dismissively, as she lights up her latest cigarette, “although he does seem to know what he’s doing.”
“Yeah, well, so did Marty.”
“Good point. Again, I suppose, very corporate-job-esque,” Donna chuckles, “minus the silly uniform and the name tag. You think the guy you’re following has a clue, but it turns out your orders were faxed from some other guy at the home office. Whose orders were probably faxed to him by some other bigger guy at the home office. Wouldn’t you say?”
“I wouldn’t know,” Jennifer replies, “I’ve never been a corporate gal, I’m nobody’s baby. I’m a corporation of one, you could say.”
“Corporation of one? Like, business, you mean? What kind of business you in?”
“Real estate,” Jennifer says, “but I wasn’t talking only about that. Or even mostly about that.”
“Real estate, huh? You do alright with that?”
“Yeah, well, like that house on Spent Wick? That actually wasn’t my parents’. That’s mine. And I have a few others. But I honestly try to keep a lid on all that as much as I can.”
“Jesus Christ! And how old are you? My age, right?”
“Twenty three,” Jennifer says, looking over at Donna with a grin.
For her part, Donna has gone silent, gazing out the window as she bites the nails of her left hand in between puffs on the burning coal in her right. Eschewing the seat belt, she’s sitting cross legged to maximize comfort on this otherwise rock hard bench. 
Jennifer realizes she managed to steer the conversation to herself yet again. She hadn’t meant to, but it often seems to her that this is the price paid for having a compelling personality. Any topic inevitably bears the stamp of a sharply defined opinion. But people are always painting her as an icy bitch, and this bothers her - she really is not so selfish, and has worked of late to do a better job directing the flow of words elsewhere. If she can focus wholeheartedly upon someone else’s interests in the name of finding or unloading a house for that person, she can do it when there’s much less at stake.
“Although....I, um, I do know what you’re saying,” Jennifer continues, “I was thinking the other day how this is the brilliance of corporations, they keep you angry at this faceless entity. Like I noticed the electric company overcharged me by about $50, so I call them. But nobody’s responsible, nobody knows anything, it’s a ridiculous amount of hoop jumping. You’ll never find the guy who’ll just say, oh, I’m sorry, this is my fuckup, let me fix it.”
Donna laughs and says, “oh totally. But anytime they need something from you, they’re a well documented machine of perfection. You need something from them, it’s, whoa! Things are so chaotic around here! I don’t know what’s going on!, as if there’s a tornado blowing through their headquarters at that moment or something. And the ones whose whole shtick is WE ARE ALL ABOUT THE PEOPLE! are the absolute worst.”
“Yeah,” Jennifer nods, “and I was thinking, you even take them to court over this $50 it’d be a complete waste of time, and they know this. For all anyone knows you’re dirt poor but you try to get fifty bucks from this multimillion or billion dollar corporation, and you’d essentially be told to stop being a deadbeat, and forget about it. Yet if the situation were reversed and they, the multibillion dollar corporation took you, the dirt poor average joe, to court over fifty bucks, you’d essentially be told to stop being a deadbeat, and to pay up.”
“Of course, it’s looking like a great deal of these corporations are now completely toast. They’d have be, right?”
“I would think so.”
“And  I hate to say it, but even some of what that Logan crackpot had to say on the subject made sense.”
“Oh really? Like what? I wasn’t even paying attention,” Jennifer notes.
“Just proving the broken clock theory I’m sure but some of it was stuff I’d thought of before. He just had move clever phrases he cooked up to describe it - how it’s not a democracy now, it’s a corporatocracy, moving toward, I believe he termed it, sociocorporatism. I don’t know if he came up with these or not. But the whole trend of these corporations not only wanting you to sign your life away working for them, but to rent an apartment on their ‘campus’ and live there, and shop at the stores in the strip mall they’ve built there, and eat at the restaurants, basically spend as much time there as humanly possible.”
“Right, I’ve heard about these,” Jennifer says.
“I have to say that’s how I pictured the future of the human race: oh, we’d achieve world peace, and there’d be no countries anymore. Instead you’d have eight or ten corporations, and everyone would work for them, and nobody would travel anywhere, and they’d leave all the other ones alone,” Donna sighs, “of course, for all I know that is what’s happening. For all I know they’re the ones behind all this.”
“I don’t know who is behind all this, or what, or why,” Jennifer says, “but I guarantee I’m not meandering around aimlessly like this for too much longer.”
The road they are on, though, descends a great deal, and then flattens out. Leading the way, Steve continues zigzagging through the countryside with no apparent pattern, though Jennifer believes he is making a deliberate effort to skirt Huntington. They pass a golf course, a firing range, a lonely pet grooming operation with no cars in its lot and the OPEN sign unlit. Another left hand turn onto some numbered semi-paved road, then a right. They’re sailing past a bed and breakfast to their left when Steve suddenly slams on the brakes, and the others have no choice but to follow suit.
His reverse lights come on, and he begins pointing at the gravel drive leading up to this establishment. Eric, bringing up the rear, throws up his arms in confusion, one inside the vehicle, one out. Finally, he gets the drift, and backs his maroon beast around and up the gravel drive. In turn the others follow, albeit by backing their vehicles beyond the driveway so that they may enter face first. 
Driscoll confesses he is bone weary, and thought this would be a good place to crash. Most of the others admit they were too jacked up to think about it, but now that they’ve stopped moving, exhaustion has made itself apparent in their bodies, too. Repeated knocks return no answer, so they begin taking over this quaint, sprawling Victorian manor.
Toting their bags, the girls immediately claim a pair of downstairs rooms, and Driscoll, patting the firearm holstered at his hip, suggests it’s a good idea he occupies the third. This leaves the other four males vying for any of the second and third floor quarters they wish.
“Sure, make the fat guy walk up and down the stairs,” Eric jokes, as they stand in the front parlor sorting this out.
“Tell you what, I’ll be cool and take the top floor,” James says.
“Mind breaking off another one of those?” Eldorado asks Steve, nodding toward the gun, “I know you got the truck stockpiled chock full of em.”
“Not a problem,” Steve says with a smirk, and starts off toward the vehicle. 
"Don't leave me out of the mix, there, Steve," Jennifer says.
Moving still toward the door, Driscoll spins on his heels, a sneer still hovering upon the lips, and offers, "oh, I can bring you a gun, honey, but just try not to blow off my ass cheeks with it, okay? I doubt these walls are bulletproof."
"Ooookay," Jennifer replies, rolling her eyes. 
Too tired to care, the others bring in as few belongings as absolutely necessary, and accept the proffered firearms  pistols, one and all, though the subautomatic Steve brings in to accessorize his own personal collection is not lost on them. Then Donna suggests they might want to move the vehicles around behind the house, to which Steve merely nods and points one offhand finger in their direction, as Donna does just that. 
In the dim, musty sitting room, with its wooden floors and somewhat dust coated furniture, Driscoll collapses into an easy chair, pistol in his left hand, subautomatic in his right, and immediately falls asleep. They deadbolt the doors and trudge off individually into 
the quarters this latest stop of their puzzling journey has brought forth.
“What you think Steve plans on doing with all these guns, anyway?” Scott asks James, as they troop up the stairs with one bag apiece to the top floor, “somehow I think he has a little bit more than self defense in mind.”
“Could be,” James shrugs, “it’s so funny, though, the way we conceive as the various bureaucracies - government, law enforcement, whatever - as being full of hapless morons most of the time...unless they’re after us. Then we have all these wild fantasies about eyes in the sky, our every move being watched, a bunch of ice blooded assassins hot on our trail...”
“Because it’s true! Well, okay, I don’t know about the assassins part, but I mean...they want your ass, they’re gonna get you. They’ll find some pretext for pulling your car over, they’ll find some reason for throwing your can in the slammer - obviously, and even before any of this other stuff happened - they’ll get their damn taxes from you, one way or the other.”
“Yeah but that’s not efficiency, that’s power. I make a mistake on my tax return, and four years later they get around to sending me a letter about it? With interest added, no less? Big deal, if you gave me four years to pay my cable bill I’m sure I’d get around to sending it out. But they get away with it because there is nobody to tell them they can’t. Our smirking jackass president announces this big stimulus package, everybody’s getting a $600 check. Three days before I get the check, I get some letter telling me I’m about to get the check. But how much are these idiotic letters costing us? Tell you what, why don’t you forget the goddamn letters and spend the dough stamping everyone an $800 or $1000 check instead? There’s my steam-yooo-luss package for ya.”
“I hear you, but I mean....well, how do you think this current situation came about if it wasn’t well organized, thought out way in advance, coordinated by a bunch of different agencies?” Scott asks.
“I don’t have the first clue, and I don’t think anybody else does either. I think it’s a bunch of different factors that converged all at once, that’s why no one’s been able to piece it together. No single all encompassing theory makes any sense.”
They reach the top of the wooden stairs and creak their way along the hall. Without any prior discussion, Scott pokes his head into the first room on the left, announces this will do. James is saying that he’s about to collapse, and behind his still sunlight tinted spectacles, Scott is nodding his head along. But he suddenly breaks away and walks across the room to its lone window, overlooking the villa’s western lawn. 
“Hey, check this out,” Scott giggles. When James ventures over, he elaborates, saying, “what does this remind you of?”
James peers out the window, at the tiny ledge of irregular roof. “No doubt,” he says with a grin.
“My room at Spent Wick,” Scott says, easing up the window, “think I’ll sneak out for a cigarette, just like the olden days.”
“Ah, those early teenage years.”
“Care to join?” Scott asks, seated now on the ledge with one leg dangling outside. He waves the cigarette pack as if to entice his longtime comrade.
“Maybe later. I can barely stand.”



When James finally wakes up, this conscious state brings with it the usual confusion that follows a nap at irregular hours. The muted orange of the sun and the time on a tiny ticking bedside table clock leads him to believe it’s morning. He also suffers from a brief disorientation in trying to place his surroundings. Then like a flood it all rushes him at once, and he jumps out of bed, his heart racing. He races barefoot half the distance to the door, catches himself, tiptoes the rest, suddenly remembers having placed the pistol beside him on the bed, shuffles in reverse to retrieve it, and only then makes his way to poking his head out into the hall. Not until he hears the unmistakable sound of Steve shouting something, Eric guffawing, Eldorado putting his two cents in and Donna chirping some protest out does James at last relax, take a deep breath and allow his pulse to decelerate. He half turns to toss the gun back onto to the bed and drifts downstairs to join them.
Steve is hunched over the giant oval of a kitchen table with a series of maps covering nearly every square inch. Eric stands nearby smoking a cigarette, while Eldorado roots through the refrigerator and Donna, in what is apparently her classic pose, is busy scooping coffee into a filter. She looks up and smiles at James’s entrance, while Eric, though grinning at him with a half nod, never breaks stride with whatever tale it is he’s telling.
“Hungry as a motherfucker,” Eldorado mumbles, his back to everyone else.
“Yeah so anyway, I’m in the basement, right?” Eric says, laughing as he concludes this tale of what, exactly, James isn’t sure, “I knock and knock, no answer. But she told me she might be sitting out on the verandah when I showed up, and to just come on in.”
“Mind firing up this?” Eldorado says to Donna, as he offers her a slab of bacon.
“Mind firing it up yourself?”
“Hey now! I’m just saying.”
“Me too,” she says, but snatches the bacon from him nonetheless. Sets it on the counter, begins rooting around underneath the stove for a suitable pan.
“So I step inside the house, and I swear I keep calling out, hello? hello?, you know? But I make my way into the middle of her place - real nice three bedroom ranch, incidentally - and then this door about halfway down the hall opens.”
Jennifer breezes into the kitchen, bags under her eyes and confessing she was mostly unable to sleep. She has a seat at the far end of the table opposite Steve, her timing coincidental with about one cup’s worth of coffee having collected in the bottom of the pot. Donna now pours this on her behalf, sets the mug in front of Jennifer. Donna then turns to James, asks him with a warm smile if he’d like the next.
“Sure.”
“How about some bacon, sweetie?”
“That’s okay, I don’t eat meat,” he says.
“And so here’s this chick, Diane,” Eric continues, cracking himself up as he does, “I’ve been out with her once. This door opens and a bunch of steam comes pouring out, but then so does she. She’s got a towel wrapped around her head but not a stitch on below that. Nothing. She sees me and freezes in her tracks for a split second, her mouth drops open, her eyes are about this big around. Then,” Eric pauses, as he begins to laugh even harder, “her left arm goes like this, to cover up her tits, and she reaches out and grabs this football helmet from a table there at the edge of the living room, to cover up her bush. I’m like, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! and go jogging into the kitchen.”
“Aw, man, she planned that shit out,” Eldorado says, giving a carton of milk the sniff test it apparently fails, judging from the horrified expression on his face.
“No, there’s no way she could have,” Eric explains, “That’s the kicker. I was an hour early, see. Daylight savings time.”
At this, even Steve chuckles as he sits, coffee mug in hand, poring over the maps.
“We did go out that one last time but that was it. I saw the goods before she was ready to display them,” Eric says, with a sad shake of the head.
“What about Scott?” Donna calls out over her shoulder, as she tends to the sizzling pan, “should someone go wake him up? Would he eat some?”
“Nah, he doesn’t do meat, either.”
“Do you guys just not eat meat?” Donna questions, “or are you both, like, totally vegan?”
“Yeah we’re vegan.”
“You’re vegan but you both smoke?” Jennifer sneers. She’s massaging her temples and glaring up at James, “you know they use eggs to make the filters, right? I mean you do know that, don’t you?”
“Hey, we just smoke the things, it ain’t like we’re gobbling up the motherfuckers,” he jokes. She rolls her eyes and stands up, walks over to the coffee pot for a refill.
“Okay, this is what I’m thinking,” Steve announces at last. He drops the pencil he’d been holding onto the map and leans back, arms across his belly, “I’m gonna check out this so called Reunion Center. My plan is to enter the city just before dark, but stay away from the center until after nightfall.”
“How you gonna find it?” Eldorado asks.
“Should be simple enough. I hope so, anyway.”
“So are we all coming with you, then? Is that what you have in mind?” says Donna.
“No, I think that would be silly. And unnecessary. And foolish,” Steve says.”
“Yeah, but what’s, like, your total plan?” Jennifer questions, “or do you have one? Because I have to tell you, I’m not gonna....”
“I do have a game plan, in fact,” Steve says, “and if I make it back, I’ll tell you what I have in mind. If I don’t make it back, then it doesn’t matter what my plan was. But first I just wanna check it out.”
“How about a sidekick?” Eric offers, with a suddenly sober expression on his face. He snubs out his cigarette in an ashtray on the table and looks Driscoll squarely in the eye, “I don’t feel like I’ve contributed anything so far this whole quote unquote mission.”




Eric Green


What occupies his thoughts on the job isn’t numbers or margins or tax dollars, it’s the philosophical side of alcohol as it pertains to the customs of modern American society. To cite but one example: Eric often wonders why it’s considered more responsible and safer to make a diner polish off the bottle of wine he’s ordered instead of corking what’s left and taking it home with him. This makes no sense to him at all.
An accountant by day, he’s what people often refer to as a happy drunk the rest of the time. He sees nothing wrong with this, and makes no apologies for it. He’s always in a great mood, and the drink only seems to make his basic outlook better. 
He enjoys the hell out of his job, too. As the bookkeeper, or bean counter as they call him, for a small chain of locally owned grocery stores, he reports only to the main location, the original location in Middlefork. Sits in the manager’s office, perched as it is a half dozen steps above the rest of the store, in the front and against a side wall. Replete with one of those heavy chest high wooden doors which swings easily and slams shut a thousand times a day loud enough to be heard seventeen blocks away, it’s a cramped office, or rather would be if Eric ever had to move. But with his back to the door, his computer is up against the office’s front wall - if he stood up, he would face directly the plate glass window that comprises the building’s entire face - and he has the internet radio going at a moderate volume, he has his steaming cup of coffee brewed fresh twice daily. As an added bonus, he’s even allowed to smoke. 
He plows through each day at warp speed, it seems. In at 7:30 every morning, a couple hours go by before he knows it, and it’s time to venture down for another coffee, to flirt with any attractive girls who work or regularly shop there. A couple more hours, lunch. A couple more, another coffee, and before he knows it he’s out the door. 
With an unfailing smile  aimed at no one and nothing, ever, though no less joyous for it than Eric's own  and his ever present but silly looking and mostly unnecessary green apron, the owner, Elias Haines, is a joy to work for. He's also completely clueless. Oh, the twirling signs that hover above the road in front of each store don't bear his name for nothing, but as he's approaching sixty and began this operation in his twenties, his days of representing anything more than a benign figurehead are long gone. Business thrives in large part due to his reputation, because at this stage in the game he couldn't fail unless a giant megastore landed across the road from each of his. But Mr. Haines, as they almost always call him, couldn't run one of these computerized registers to save his life. He's sifted through enough bodies in the forty plus years to surround himself with good people who allow him not to worry about various roles being filled. And he has nary an inkling as to how much money Eric is making him.
For about the first year he did this, Eric played it straight by the book. Haines owned the place, but he'd had a team of advisors for who knows how long mapping out his financial game plan. And continues to have. Yet the system they've cobbled together like some laboratory monster through the years has separated the items in these stores out into 40 disparate departments. Every one of these has a different markup percentage, and then to top it off these 40 are combined into 7 "core" departments, each of which is supposed to reach a certain cumulative profit margin. Among Eric's jobs is processing every invoice, and making sure every item is priced with the proper markup.  
Eric's a creative guy, though, and it doesn't take him long to set up shop with what he likes to think of as his profitability wheelhouse. A six pack of beer that costs $7.20 will retail for $9.59; when, for whatever reason, that six pack comes in one week at $6.40 cost, he only drops the retail down to $8.99 - shoppers are so fixated on that leading digit, and not so much the ones that follow. It's a lower retail so the customers are overjoyed, but the store actually makes more money. Baby food is supposed to hit a 20% margin at the bottom end of the "grocery" spectrum and utensils a 50%, combining with all the other "grocery" items  the frozen foods, the dairy, and so forth  to cumulatively pull a 35. But the spatulas and mixing bowls just sit there when they're trying to sell these puppies for double the cost, so Eric drops them down to a 40. They don't exactly blow out the doors at this price, either, but selling one or two of these oddball items a year at 50% wasn't doing their margin any favors; a couple dozen rings of each at the reduced price actually brought the overall grocery stew up, as a percentage.
The first full year after he starts pulling these stunts, the advisor team gets their fiscal figures and is floored. Sales haven't increased one whit, but somehow their gross profits have doubled. Initially they assume it's an aberration, that somehow something got screwed up in the inventory count and they'd pay for it the following year. On the contrary, this increased rake becomes the yearly norm, and then some. Slowly the sales improve, too, and buying in greater volume leads to even greater vendor discounts, upward and upward the profits climb. Haines is beside himself, he expands from five stores to six to seven to eight. 
Eric takes no credit, primarily because no one asks. The bills are paid on time and it's obvious that he's not screwing up the pricing, as far as they're concerned he's the same jolly nut sitting up there puffing away and hammering the keys. It certainly never occurs to him he is the engine generating this sudden influx of capital. Compared to the average joe, Eric supposes he's fairly unmoved by money  as long as he's comfortable, and has enough dough to go out on the town, he could live in a cramped apartment for all he cares, which he does, he could drive a junker, which he also does  it will occasionally occur to him that he might ask for a larger than usual raise. Except this is one of the central problems of working for someone who doesn't quite understand what you do: it's impossible to explain to him why you're so valuable and that he should pay even more for your services. Besides, Haines had always been more than fair with the yearly increases and Christmas bonuses, and so Eric considers this gift his one good deed on behalf of mankind.
Well, actually, there is one other, though he speaks of this even less than the first. For aside from paying the bills and setting the retails, and a bunch of other stuff that technically isn't even part of his job description  putting together the monthly sales flyer, fixing the computers and registers and scales when they inevitably crash, calling up vendors to harass them for even better deals  he's also the guy who plugs in the state's mandated tax rate on each and every item in the register. 
Aside from such frivolous nonsense as not being able to buy alcohol until one in the afternoon on Sundays, their state is also notorious for its wacky food stamp laws  a jumbo bag of Skittles, yes; a jar of multivitamins, sadly, no  and a grey as hell three tiered tax rate system. Normal grocery items are taxed at 2%, candy and utensils 5%, vitamins and ready-to-eat items 8%. But in Eric's mind, since candy can be purchased with food stamps, it is technically not candy, it is food. Therefore, a 2% tax rate. Since vitamins are not food, they must be inedible, which would make them...utensils? Sure, why not, set those babies at 5%. And what is a ready-to-eat item, anyway? Couldn't you technically crack open a can of soup in the parking lot and down it cold? What, were you going to be pulled over on you way home for breaking open that box of cereal and chowing down? Hot subs and pizza by the slice, then, become 2% tax items as well. It's all open to interpretation, and Eric's take is always that which will incur the lowest rate. He's a winner, and so is everyone else that shops there. He isn't sure how many hundreds of thousands of dollars he's costing those bungling bureaucratic idiots with his efforts, but it's obvious no one is checking and that they have no real means for doing so, anyway. Money they would have frittered away with typical governmental mismanagement, and he has found a way to deny their greedy mitts a huge chunk of it. He should win a medal.
Surely such cleverness contributes to his jolliness. If nothing else, it absolutely keeps him from getting bored. But for a tremendously overweight guy  strike one  who has always sported a shaggy red mop top and clearly isn't setting the financial sector on fire, two other customary deal breakers, he has always done strangely well with the ladies. He supposes this is both because of his general merriment, and a cause of increasing merriment. It's like his profitability wheelhouse applied to a different pursuit.  
He averages about one coworker fling a year in his tenure at Haines Grocery. They almost universally involve a younger woman, and none of them last long. The ones he meets at the bar usually have a longer shelf life, possibly owing to more common ground. But even these girls eventually grew tired of what they often termed Eric's "alcoholism." To him, this seemed plainly ridiculous. He could see no difference between someone who absolutely had to have a few drinks a night and someone, such as himself, who had to have ten. It wasn't like he missed work, or started fights, or wet the bed, or spent money that he didn't have. None of these things ever happened. He simply drank until he fell asleep, and yeah, this was basically a nightly occurrence, but so what? He was merely a jolly guy who became jollier with alcohol, and in his mind with this scenario everyone was a winner. His favorite dive bar was even walking distance from his apartment, thus eliminating the whole drunk driver issue.
Eric had run headlong into Tracy James during one such night on the town. Part of his success, and part of his positivism, was due to his simple inability to believe he was ever going to bed any of these fine females again. Thus he had truly come to embrace the drink as his primary and often only purpose for being out, he could champion the drink heartily and mean it. His was no pick up shtick. Curiously, however, the most trashed he become - often beyond coherent speech - the greater his success rate, the more surreal the scene that greeted him in the morning would appear. 
Yet clear up until the moment he entered her, Eric could still not believe he was actually going to bed Tracy. It just seemed so preposterous. Like some giant gag that she was going to pull the rug out on at any moment. He had seen her at the Corner Pub and elsewhere around town, flirting with all the guys, a red headed sprite with green eyes and one seriously intoxicating laugh. He’d heard rumors of an ugly childhood, but that mattered not one whit now, and may not have been true anyhow. At the bar in her leather jacket and jeans, yet ultra feminine, somehow, the way she’d hold a cigarette between her first two fingers and point at someone on the other side of the bar with her thumb, as she half stood up out of her stool and laughed and made some point, telling some guy he was full of shit....god, how many nights had he laid awake and dreamt of that, obliterated but alone in the aftermath? 
The night they made that connection had begun like any other. In the year or so since she had apparently either turned eighteen or looked old enough to begin faking it, she had shimmered onto the scene, gaining entry into places that were supposed to X her hands and prevent her being served but of course did nothing of the sort. This was small town midwest, and everyone knew everyone knew nobody would bother. She and Eric had enjoyed a handful of such semi-flirtatious, semi-argumentative, semi-intellectual bar stool chats, they had chimed glasses and toasted to causes that neither would have remembered a half hour down the road. But she was always being led away far too early in the night for anything magical to happen, and though in actuality the men she left with were different from week to week, to Eric they all had the same basic uniform of hairy knuckles and a humorless leer, black Van Halen tee shirts and moustaches and misaligned noses stemming from too many bar fights.
That particular night, he had seen her leave with one such dude somewhere in the neighborhood of eight o’clock. Eric had paid out his tab, he was ready to chalk this up as an uneventful Wednesday. Go home and throw some music on and sit at the kitchen table smoking and drinking and pondering this and that, maybe drunk dial some long lost friends. Why not, it was still early. It never seemed to matter how smashed he became, he had tremendous discipline when it came to not calling any of his exes - and he knew that, this being a small town as it is, word traveled fast, that this played into his reputation: oh, yeah, Eric Green, he’s a little out of control, but he’s a good guy. Lotta fun, doesn’t get too attached or anything. But his buddies, this was a different story, they were fair game and they knew it, anywhere from five in the afternoon to four o’clock in the morning.
He had descended the three concrete steps outside the Corner Pub’s front door, chuckling about some now forgotten comment the bartender had made on his way out. He had meandered along the sidewalk the few steps it took to round the corner and reach the gravel lot, and this is when he first became aware of Tracy. Screaming at some other chick there in the middle, the wide open space between the twin rows of parked cars.
Eric jumped in between the two girls, arms outstretched. Of course, the other chick, who looked vaguely familiar to him as well, was equally as vocal. A third figure, some pencil neck buck toothed idiot - sometimes you could just glean a lack of intelligence merely by looking at someone - whose proximity to the trashy young blonde indicated his alliance with her, stood bloodshot and speechless, though ogling Eric with a challenging what the fuck you gonna do about it? expression. Aside from shouting atop both females to cool it, Eric demonstrated precisely what he was going to about it by merely kicking some gravel in the adversaries’ direction. At which point they scampered.
“Thanks,” Tracy said, though doubled over and spitting up what looked like blood while also, incredibly, chuckling to herself.
“She get you pretty good?” Eric asks, a hand on her shoulder for support as she stands.
Tracy wipes at her mouth and says, “nah. Just a cut on the lips. Although I also happen to be a little sick to my stomach.”
She had driven here the second time around, though never making it indoors. Nonetheless, with Eric questionable to drive and Tracy probably an even worse idea behind the wheel, they walk a few blocks over to the next skuzzy pub, and another beyond that. Somewhere along the line Eric learns that she is nineteen to his twenty-eight, and it does not bother him. She scarcely mentions the brother, of whom Eric has heard stories about around town, some putative weirdo who never socializes, and drives around town alone at all hours blasting rap music from his sports car. He of the bitchy goth girlfriend who also never mingles. He also of alleged mountains of hand carved furniture left to warp & rot in his girlfriend’s yard, he of upstairs bedroom at parents’ house out on Spent Wick with walls lined end to end of sports cars measured and drawn precisely onto graph paper with pencil. Yeah, Eric has heard the stories, but he doesn’t ask, and doesn’t care - tonight the story isn’t the weirdo brother, tonight the story is Tracy.
Well, that first night, at the last bar, the aptly named Tunnel Bar - which has the diameter of a city sewer pipe, though considerably much more charm - Tracy runs into a pair of her girlfriends and with a hug and a wave, she splits. Eric considers it a pleasant but essentially meaningless encounter, he has two more mugs of draft beer here and calls it a night.
A few nights later he’s sitting in his familiar spot, one of the middle stools in the horseshoe shaped bar up at Corner. He hears this mischievous high pitch laugh behind him but before he has a chance to turn around, two arms pin his down in bear hug form, and then there she is, Tracy James, flopping onto the stool beside him. If she was drunk and somewhat bizarre on Wednesday, she is fired up and enthusiastic as hell this time around, snapping gum - at least until that first beer comes, forcing her to swallow it - and chattering a hundred miles an hour with her green eyes ablaze. She leans in and lays her hand upon his thigh to tell a story, she smacks him on the shoulder with playful incredulity when he offers one. With no expectation of response, he says something about heading back to the house, where some bottles of wine and one kickass CD collection await, and to his tremendous surprise, she jumps at the chance.
In his small but atmospheric third floor apartment on the northern edge of Middlefork’s tiny downtown, they throw on one classic disc after another - modern hard rock and 70s radio staples, mostly - and pop open en toto three bottles of cheap red wine. The living room floor is littered with plastic cases, half of which are seemingly stepped upon and cracked by the night’s conclusion. But she bounces from topic to topic with a speed to match her body’s frantic rhythms, offering up a dizzying array of names and events he couldn’t possibly know or categorize. He merely nods and makes wisecracks, which is a special talent all to its own, one he has honed throughout the years: the ability to pay attention and come across as hilarious even on subjects you’ve only just been introduced to, and know nothing about. Few could pull this off. 
Then he is swaying to the current selection in the middle of the room, bottle of wine in hand, and Tracy is knelt down inspecting his voluminous racks of discs yet again. She stands abruptly, and they nearly collide, and then their lips in fact do
No giant or messy falling out follows. They sleep together this night, and she is as sweet and compliant - her body as soft and as beautiful - as he possibly could have dreamed. For the next seven months, they are together nearly every day. She takes exactly one class a week at the community college with an eye toward somehow springboarding this into a stint at this culinary school in upstate New York. A half assed strategy, but he wasn’t going to discourage her, and anyway this means a number of scrumptious dinners for a guy who can certainly appreciate them, either at his house or the James residence on Spent Wick, where the mom is truly a godawful cook and the weirdo brother almost never around. 
They are together every day for seven months, and then they are not. Just that simple.  One day he shows up unannounced as she is in the middle of whipping up dinner for herself and three female friends, and as they sit in the living room watching some unnamed comedy, Tracy just bursts forth with her typical bluntness and informs Eric she doesn’t wish to see him anymore, she doesn’t believe it is working out. Cradling a colander of pasta against her hip as she says so, still for just a moment to let it sink in. Then too busy to deal with him, and bouncing around the kitchen again stirring this and checking the doneness of that.
He’s too stunned to say much. Part of the pact when dating a girl above your means is accepting that it probably isn’t going to last. But as the days slide by into weeks, and the pair of phone calls that she responded to, ever, in the wake of their breakup are distant memories, during which she confesses that, “your not wanting to do anything but get wasted all the time is definitely a problem,” and that, “it seemed a riot at first, being with you, but then it just became tedious,” Eric’s depression worsens as his drinking intensifies. He comes to realize a) that he was not so far removed from having had what it took to keep Tracy around but that b) he would never have the chance with her again nor anyone else of her caliber, so what difference did it make. 
He counters this knowledge with an eventual short lived rally. Inspired by the twin tenets that he is a catch, and also that he is a really fun guy who could draw everyone toward him with such magnetic charm, who would replace Tracy with someone her equal. Of course this means yet another uptick in his alcohol consumption, although as this phase also brings with it spontaneous house parties at his place and a few stray encounters to at least temporarily help him forget that red headed sprite, he tended to not worry one whit about any potential problems.
But any pleasure was eventually bled out of these days. Happy hour would seem like such a grand idea from about one thirty onward, thinking about it at work, then improve slightly for the first couple of drinks after it actually began, only to eventually crash into disappointment once you realized none of the promise the afternoon held was really going to pan out. 
It all reaches a head one weekend in April, two years ago. A Friday and per usual, at four bells he is clocking out and heading toward the favored watering hole. Fridays are unique, though, in that he is able to hit happy hour, go home and crash a few hours, then get up and attack whatever night life there is to be had. A payday Friday in particular looms large with expectation, though it changes little as far as what actually transpires. And so it is this Friday in question, another afternoon drunk, a three hour nap back at the house. A friend calling at 10:30 saying he’s coming over in half an hour with two chicks, and they are going out on the town, and there’s nothing Eric can do to prevent this.
Not that he would have. Even though he awakens feeling like hell, and hungry enough to eat his pillow, with a headache stemming from both, he’s looking forward to those first couple of drinks because he knows that he nightlife dynamic is slightly different from that of happy hour: hungover now, the first couple won’t quite hit the spot as well as drinks, say, three through seven will. And so this means the night actually improves as it hums along. Add in the promise of a couple girls, well, and that elevates it off the charts, relatively speaking.
His friend’s girl, Janet, isn’t much to look at - she has a great body, but her face is average or less, in fact she greatly resembles Eric’s friend, the two of them matching like owner and longtime pet. Her female acquaintance, Susan, however, is right up Eric’s alley: short with a soft, curvy body, curly reddish hair on the brownish end of the spectrum (opposed to Eric’s strawberry blonde), cute. They reach their destination, a sports bar, and there’s a 20 minute wait. The four of them kill this time on the sidewalk in front of the place, and it’s one of those great rapid fire exchanges where it seems everyone has a short but interesting story to tell, as they hop like lightning from one subject to the next. Even when Eric’s friend occasionally bogs down the proceedings by getting on some long winded and nerdish topic of limited appeal, someone is always able to seamlessly revive conversation somehow and move it along again. And as the night wears on, their conversational rhythm improves.
It’s a warm, clear night, and they get a table out on the patio. The girls somehow stumble onto a fantastic discussion about drunken nights they’ve experienced. Susan tells Eric, “get a few drinks in me, I’m a hooker,” though more by way of explanation than any come-on. Except that by its nature any comment like this is bound to be at least in some measure a come-on, and Eric takes it as such. He is going to score tonight, for sure. He has forgotten all about Tracy James, and right now, as far as he’s concerned, this chick is equally hot, if not in fact then by dint of availability. 
This girl wears her hair “blown out” at the back, as Eric likes to think of it, which is the modern style.  Matches his, actually, though his is the unintentional result of that nap and not much grooming afterward. Jeans, and a pink tee shirt with Tigger on the front round out this excellent look she has going. She’s drinking Smirnoff raspberry, and Eric taunts her for this. The other two are all drinking bottled beers of some sort. Eric hasn’t had anything to drink all day and doesn’t feel like it now, but encourages the others to by all means party it up; and of course, before too long he too has capitulated, orders a draft. 
His friend, Patrick, orders a veggie burger, the similar looking date a cheeseburger. Susan crab cakes with fries, Eric has the battered cod. Appetizers appear first, at the behest of the females: cheese sticks that are incredible (not the least bit greasy, and breaded with a hint of Old Bay seasoning), dog bites (breaded hot dog nuggets) only average. Eric has had the fish & chips here before, on numerous occasions, which is precisely why he ordered it: he’s an adventurous enough guy, but when you’re this hungry, you can’t afford to take chances. The guy dropping off the apps, when instructed to place them by the girls, says, “wow, I thought it would be the other way around.” 
Eric inhales his food, is feeling about one fourth human. Susan orders a Smirnoff apple for her second round, but he never even finishes his first. They’re teasing Eric about this, yet he feels half dead or something, unable to banter in his usual way - a rare blah attitude on his part that likely ruins a good night. 
In the car this time, and he’s riding in the back with Susan. “I know a girl is never never never supposed to touch a guy’s stereo, but is there any way I can hand Janet some CDs and have her pick one to play?”
“You can,” Patrick says from behind the wheel, “but the CD player’s in the trunk.” 
Janet hits scan on the radio, and finally settles upon a Who track as they’re crossing the bridge back into town. Eric asks Susan what kind of music she listens to, and she fires the question back at him, before making fun of their driver: “he doesn’t like rap, or crap as he calls it.”
“I like the Beastie Boys, if that counts,” he says.
Their next move is to hit this twenty screen theater in nearby downtown. Nestled as they are these days in a regular looking office building among the other trendy shops and bars upon such narrow and often one way streets. Eric isn’t a fan of this trend - he misses the destination megaplex, with its cavernous, often half empty parking lots - but will admit these architects do often manage to tuck a sometimes hideous monstrosity away as unobtrusively as possible. The girls want to see a surely horrible sequel to a so-so horror film, but as Janet, first in line, takes it upon herself to buy all four tickets (the men had paid for dinner), he’s not one to complain. 
Besides, he has a plan, if he can just make it through the next fifteen minutes. They are the first people into their seats, and have approximately this long to wait before the movie starts. Some teenybopper pop singer is on the screen with her latest video, which is the theme song to this Kojak retread that is apparently either coming to tv soon or already on it. 
“You’re got this one in your CD collection, don’t you, Patrick?” Eric jokes.
“You know it,” Patrick says.
People start filing in and Susan blurts out, “goddammit!” because she’d hoped they’d have this place to themselves. When they were finding their own chairs, one of those mini-dilemmas cropped up, seemingly minor, which nonetheless can make or break an entire evening, thus any chance at all he might have with a girl. This was never termed a “date,” or otherwise the moves would be preordained. This was always termed “hanging out,” which confuses things. 
Susan had been leading the way, and took a chair in the middle of an aisle. Janet 
went next, then Patrick. This leaves Eric last to act, making a split second decision: one on hand Susan must clearly not be that interested, or she’d have been more artful in her maneuvering. On the other hand, he doesn’t necessarily care whether she’s interested or not. Besides, he’s not the only person who blunders into things and then wonders later why he did. A whole night can spiral out of control thanks to one such out of whack signal. Thus, he climbs past Patrick and Janet, plops down on the other side of Susan.
“Can I sit here? I don’t wanna look gay,” he jokes, and everyone laughs.
Yet these subsequent fifteen minutes of hell stretch on interminably. Aside from the music videos and tv show ads, there are brief celebrity interviews containing no interesting material whatsoever. Regardless of what he thinks about Susan, Eric still has this plan, which is that the instant those house lights dim he is going to be sawing logs, but in the meantime, this shit is driving him insane. He confesses as much to Susan - the part about his nerves, not his sleep agenda - but she merely chuckles and points out to him which of the advertised tv shows she likes.
“I’ve never really watched tv, so I never know what people are talking about,” Eric says.
“Never?”
“Not really. I mean, you know, I’m over at people’s houses and it’s on, or at the bar or whatever, but that’s about it.”
“I’ve never watched much tv, either,” Janet pipes up on the other side of Susan, “and I never know what people are talking about, either.” 
“Well, don’t get me wrong, I like listening to music around the house, too,” Susan says.
“See, that’s I’m saying,” Eric says. 
“But I do like my tv shows,” Susan concludes.
House lights go halfway down for previews, which aren’t dim enough. Finally, mercifully, the movie begins. That one hot blonde actress whom has always seemed to Eric like she would be a really fun and slutty drunk but probably a complete bitch the rest of the time, she’s plowing into a bunch of deer crossing the road…and this is the last thing he remembers, for he is immediately out cold. Funny, but even so, Eric gleans enough through sleep’s osmosis to know that this horror sequel is far more idiotic than its predecessor. Leaving the theater, however, he’s mum through fear of being exposed, while the girls give it so-so reviews. Patrick alone says, “I think it was right at the same level as the first one.”
Eric isn’t sure why Susan would take offense at his sleeping through the movie, and true, she doesn’t mention it, and this may just be his imagination, but he feels that she’s much less interested in him now than she had been earlier. At any rate, between the four of them, with Eric in his funk that means there are zero individuals in the car who are gifted at carrying on a conversation. They head onward anyway, enthusiasm notwithstanding.
Crazy thoughts float into this depressed arena of his consciousness. The gates are down, allowing unwanted guests. This is when he’s aware that he has a serious problem. 
He realizes during the short trip back across to the bridge, to this beach themed bar on the lake, that it wouldn’t bother him much if the car was driven into the drink and he drowned. If it flipped and burst into flames. He performs one of those ping-ponging internal dialogs with himself, a gut check - one voice questions the other, asks the theoretical question of, since he feels this way, could he go as far as to initiate the action? No, he concludes, he could not bring himself to end his own life. All he’s saying is that he wouldn’t mind if some outside force did the job for him. 
But something happens once they actually make it to the club. “Rock star” parking, as Patrick terms it, on the curb directly in front. Susan has brought a change of party clothes with her, which Eric believes is a wonderful touch, except she doesn’t want to go inside and change, it will ruin her grand entrance. She and Janet drift over to a convenience store, but there’s a line for the restroom there, so they hit a different bar nearby. With nothing better to do while waiting, Patrick and Eric order their first drinks. Somehow Eric is in the mood now, much of which has to do with the dance music pumping from that club across the street. Whereas earlier, he didn’t even finish the one beer he ordered at the restaurant.
Patrick orders an Anchor Steam, Eric his old standby of the Captain Morgan and the Coca-Cola. For Janet he purchases a Corona. Patrick takes two sips of his beer, says there’s something wrong it, suggests the other two try it (tastes fine as far as Eric can tell), takes it back and trades it in for a Red Stripe. Typical Patrick behavior. Almost finished slurping down his cocktail already, Eric joins him in time to grab a second.  And yet another near disaster awaits them: sliding Patrick’s beer down the bar, the bartender doesn’t realize there’s an ice cube stuck to the bottom and it wobbles, barely reaches its destination without incident. 
Susan emerges with a black spaghetti strap blouse and jeans, heavy makeup to match. “Wow, don’t you look snazzy,” Eric marvels. She smiles at him, says she’s in no hurry, she can wait for them to finish their drinks...then sets about demolishing half of Janet’s beer and a quarter of Patrick’s. The girls mention something about dancing.
“You girls like to dance?” Eric says, suddenly perking up. Despite the positive influence this overhead throbbing music has had on his morale, he hadn’t yet connected it with his love for cutting a rug on the floor. The girls reply in the affirmative, ask him his opinion on the subject.
“Yeah, I like to dance,” he says, “and I know Patrick’s all about it.” The girl’s don’t need their stuffy sidekick’s dismal expression to grasp the truth, and giggle accordingly.
They walk across the street to the club, and a suddenly joyous Eric picks up the first round there. Now Patrick is onto Heineken, he will trust nothing else. This place, which Eric has visited only once before, somehow, has the same impression it did on him back then. A low budget club, not even especially tropical or redeemable in any other way. But the girls seem to like it, and he doesn’t care much, he can have a party anywhere. He is the party, anywhere, and with these few drinks in him he feels like it again. He tells the girls they should stand on the bar and dance, but they just giggle some more. 
Looking back, he isn’t sure quite how this sequence of events became the ones to turn his life upside down. Sometimes that which should frighten you to the core has no impact at all, while other seemingly meaningless episodes leave you rattled and scarred forever. Then again, a near death experience should be enough to jar anyone loose; the only shocking part, maybe, is Eric’s believing the incident a minor one. 
The four of them wind up back at Eric’s place. Eric pours himself a mixed drink and turns on the television, and as a joke leaves it on some station broadcasting a soap opera in Spanish. Patrick sits in a corner rocking chair, while his girlfriend is stretched out on the couch, awake but with an arm draped over her eyes - she has either not felt well or been pissed off at Patrick or both for the last hour plus. 
Susan alone is joining him in the cocktail, and he takes this as a positive sign. Just as the way she mentions having one tattoo, not the dreaded “tramp stamp” but off to the side for some reason, on her back. She spins around in the easy chair she has occupied upon arrival, lifts her shirt up to reveal the faces of Tragedy and Comedy, familiar to any thespian.
“Motley Crue!” Eric cheers, “you guys remember Motley Crue?”
“No,” Janet mumbles, with as much disdain as a choppy two letter bark can carry.
“Motley Crue,” Patrick chuckles.
“I was always more a Girls Girls Girls fan than Theater Of Pain, though,” Eric jokes.
“Dude what the fuck are we watching?” Patrick blurts out.
Eric turns to him with a grin and says, “the Latino channel. Isn’t it hilarious?”
“Fuckin stupid, actually,” Patrick says.
But Eric is paying his friend no mind. At the moment, with her ass up in the air and shirt still hiked halfway up, Susan has made a prime target for his incessant clowning, and so he sidles up behind her, he pretends to be pumping her doggystyle. And though a ceaseless cutup, such sexual innuendo is rare for him. But in the wake of Tracy, some fire has been stoked within him and it’s all he thinks about. He pretends to smack Susan’s ass, as she in fact does slap his hands with a playful smirk and spin back around in her chair.
“You guys ready to get the fuck outta here?” Janet asks suddenly, sitting up. It doesn’t take an expert in facial recognition to see she is no longer enjoying herself, and hasn’t for some time.
The way his quote unquote date smirked at him and playfully batted his hands had Eric believing there was a shot. Instead, two minutes later all three of them are out the door. He is now a twenty nine year old man sitting alone in a modest third floor apartment in Middlefork, Ohio, with a Latin soap opera station on and the stereo blasting, drinking rum and cola. Nothing interested happened tonight, technically, just as nothing interesting has happened at all, technically, since Tracy gave him his walking papers.
He stares at the clock, which now reads twelve after two. A thought suddenly strikes him, elevating his spirits in a manner that little else could. There are no strip clubs in Middlefork, but there’s one out in the country about a twenty minute drive from here. Of course that’s only an estimation, because he hasn’t attended in forever, and wasn’t driving when he was, but somewhere in that neighborhood, it has to be, less than half an hour for sure. 
Eric fairly skips down the three flights of external wooden stairs, thus proving in his mind that he is not drunk. Moving right along on this logical progression of thought, then, it stands to reason that the three quarters of a rum bottle he has upstairs might make an excellent addition to this trip. Who knows - he’s still a handsome guy, he’s always been a persuasive guy, maybe something interesting might happen between him and one of the dancing girls. It was really hard to say, and best to be prepared.

After another jog upstairs for the bottle and he’s in the car but winded and not to mention thirsty, which only a few pulls on the rum en route can alleviate. Such recklessness mind you is a severe departure from his normal routine, and yet he is a big boy, he can certainly handle his drink. Radio on, he nods in agreement with the internal dialogue saying that if he was too wasted, he simply would not risk driving. Which is basically the last coherent thought he has.
Reconstituted the following morning, he will piece together a few key events. The way he struggled to keep himself upright as he staggered his way across the strip club’s gravel and mud parking lot is one such memory, bumping somehow into one of the only maybe three other cars sprinkled across it. Refused entry by a hulking musclebound black gentleman, simply because he was absently toting the now half empty bottle of rum with him. Being given a wide grin and a smack on the back as he forked over his cover charge a few moments later, having returned to the car and deposited said bottle, managing this time to make a concerted effort to stride with much greater dignity across the lot and therefore prove he was not all that drunk.
Or the manner in which, now that he thinks about it, he had almost fallen out of his chair every time he reached into his pants for more money to tip those fine ladies working the stage. At this point there was no denying he was in fact quite wasted, but damn if this hadn’t crept up on him- how was this possible? He wasn’t even drinking inside here, they were giving him water! But the girls smile at him in such a way that he knows that they too know that this is a special secret among them, that Eric is so slick that nobody else, certainly not management or the bar staff or the other few patrons or for that matter the dude out there working the door, nobody else knows that he is intoxicated. Why this would matter he could not later say, but it seemed important at the time.
What an idiot I am, he tells himself that chilly morning when his existence is thrown into a tailspin. Because this is only the half it, because the following morning he wakes up with slobber on the steering wheel from where he has passed out flush against it. The engine still running, but having tossed the gear shift into park at some point apparently, albeit in this most unfortunate location of the webbing between the fingers, so to speak, or the crook in the elbow, the shoulder just past an interstate off ramp.
The skies are still dark, just barely, as he floats into a waking state that fateful Sunday morning. Consciousness hits him in three flash fire stages: that moment of realizing he is asleep and has been dreaming, followed by that moment of a snapping awake with a start, followed by that oh fuck moment of comprehending his surroundings, and shutting off the engine with such swiftness it’s as if the keys themselves were melting, and fairly jumping out of the car. For the first two stages of waking are everyday occurrences, but this last one is not. This last one has happened to a lesser degree before - waking up in mild horror next to someone you could have surely died not having slept with, and that would have been okay, or coming to with a chuckle on a buddy’s living room floor as you recall various events of the previous night - but nothing near this severe, or serious. Nothing that would have you pacing up and down the shoulder of the highway, running an agitated hand through your hair, hyperventilating and muttering, “oh my god....oh my god....oh my god....” over and over again.
The rest slams now into his brain with a vengeance. Cracking his typical lame Eric Green jokes to the dancers and then the doorman as they politely smile and nod toward the door when the club closes at 4am. Feeling invigorated by the fresh air, as he stands and whizzes by his car, and refreshed by the half glass of water he had consumed there and his not having had anything to drink in, what, over an hour? Suddenly, a terrific idea occurs to him. He has this friend in Toledo that he hasn’t seen in forever, Bob. Bob doesn’t work weekends either, and loves to party, in fact loves nothing more than the spontaneous party. 
Eric’s Sunday is mapped out clearly. He will begin the drive up to Toledo now. He is feeling energetic as hell and not the least bit tired. He will take a few nips off the rum bottle to keep from getting bored, but will pull over and stretch out in the backseat when he becomes drowsy. He will wake up and drive the rest of the way in, grab some breakfast somewhere, drop in on Bob somewhere around noon maybe. They will go catch a game on the big screen tv at a sports bar somewhere, have a few beers, some wings.
Instead, Eric is inspecting his bumper at this moment just shy of 6am. A few cars drift past, but not many, and none of them are cops - nor, apparently, were any for this past hour and a half. Because what evidently happened, what had to have happened, is that he fell asleep while driving, at a point where no other vehicles were within striking distance. His foot came off the gas, and he gradually drifted over, across either one lane or two, and kissed somewhat gently up against this rail. Startled awake with just enough force to impact some part of his mind that whispered, throw this gear shift into park, as he promptly passed out again.
This episode rocks Eric to the core, as well it should. Yet with the thousands of hours he subsequently dedicates to mulling this night over and all the events that led up to it, Eric always wonders that perhaps he wasn’t as horrified by this experience as any normal person in his right mind would have been. Instead, it’s as if it takes a gradual accumulation of acknowledgment to creep into his semi-consciousness, and even then only over the course of a number of weeks. 
In the immediate, however, what happens is that he jumps back into the car as swiftly as his still drunk and quite overweight frame will allow, he backs the car up a number of yards, then accelerates up the off ramp. He swings into a 24 hour convenience store parking lot with a near panic, convinced that with his luck this is the moment where he’ll get busted. But no, he arrives safely, and parks in the dark, off to the side, shuts his engine off, throws the keys onto the passenger side floor and tilts his seat back. He is out again instantly.
Eric doesn’t immediately give up drinking. But this is absolutely the last smashed night of his life. He makes it till the next weekend without touching anything - itself surely the first stretch of its kind since maybe his junior year of high school - he has four beers on Friday night but is too terrified to leave the house, he has two more on Saturday, then leaves the house in a near panic, feeling as if his skin is crawling with flesh gnawing creatures. He drops in on various relatives he never takes the time to visit, he stuffs himself silly at his mom’s house and passes out in an easy chair watching television. Spends that Sunday at home, alone, with rented movies, weeping mostly to himself.
Clearly he will need something else to occupy the vacant hours that alcohol formerly filled, but what? He picks up a part time job for a spell, nights at this electronics store at the Middlefork mall, but soon discovers he is not cut out for spending such a large percentage of his time on the clock. He even tries rehab, with no greater success: he was never meant for such open hearted communication, and can’t stop making wisecracks at every turn. The counselors even call him in for repeated one-on-ones away from the group, and they talk a whole lot about how Eric’s humor is clearly some kind of defense mechanism, that he has to work his way through this if he ever hopes to process his addiction. But Eric keeps telling them that this is basic nature, that he was tossing out witty asides from pretty much the age he began speaking and will surely not stop doing so until he is dead. He also resents their insistence that he will never succeed without them, their implying that he had absolutely nothing else in his life but alcohol.
The women are not beating down the door of his cocooned self, either, isolated as he is now in the third floor apartment, and this doesn’t help. He goes as far as calling up Patrick as asking about “that chick” from the night they went out together, but Patrick keeps beating around the bush and concludes that she was “a weirdo anyway.” At any rate, he doesn’t give Eric the number. 
Eric becomes an expert on things he would have previously considered unthinkable, like cable television and basically every movie available for rent in the video store up the street. Atypically, he smokes somewhere in the neighborhood of twice as many cigarettes now that he’s not drinking. Atypically, while always a rather large individual, he also begins really packing on the pounds now. He’s sure it has something to do with beer, despite its relatively high caloric content, putting him to bed usually with no dinner other than that of a liquid variety. Whereas now he’s actually eating.
One day he’s cleaning out his apartment with the stereo cranked and a rare doorag on to combat the sweat. He’s been drinking water by the gallon. His mind has never felt clearer. He comes across three unopened bottles of wine, he walks over and drops them one by one into the trash can and that is that. 
Still, such staggering bouts of depression occasionally visit him, ones he has never found a means to combat. Alcohol has curiously never represented much of a temptation, once he put his mind to stopping. But he’s sitting on the couch early one evening alone, crying as he thinks about Tracy and how different actuality shaped out compared with how he envisioned the future, with her. One thought leads to another, though, and his eyes dry, as he sits upright and ignites a cigarette to life. Such an obvious possibility, and he’s surprised it never occurred to him before. 
Church. Eric could start attending church. Sure it’s a somewhat preposterous notion, but how preposterous? 
So Eric begins by attending a randomly chosen Methodist congregation near his apartment. He had never given the Bible any credence before and wasn’t necessarily doing so now. He has no clue what sets the various denominations apart, belief-wise, he only know some of the more obvious symbolic manifestations familiar to any average sitcom watcher. But he sees nothing wrong with a place where people take the time once a week to dress nice and maintain a good mood and act pleasant toward one another. The actual scripture itself that the preacher refers to and elaborates upon is rather beside the point, in Eric’s mind - the equivalent of philosophical musing, which he occasionally gleans something useful from but not often.
Patterns emerge and repeat themselves, though, and will have Eric continually moving on. His reputation in this small town being what it is, he encounters a high level of revulsion and is clearly unwelcome in the eyes of many. Yet on the flipside, a select circle of insiders at every church is constantly pressuring Eric to join this and that activity and prayer group and program. Neither extreme is what he’s looking for: he just wants a place where he can go for a few hours and clear his mind, allow only pleasant thoughts. 
Eventually this will become most Wednesday nights as well, and a Saturday service at one of the more progressive denominations in town. In every situation though his ideal is the same, to sit somewhere in the back and bother no one, have no one disturb him. He is a socialite -at heart, and hitting lunches after service with the folks he’s befriended provides one more diversion. Except this distance always remains, he without fail goes closemouthed whenever talk turns to the actual Bible and the preacher’s message. Unless their pastor had some particularly poignant point to make about like in general - which was not uncommon - an occasion that would reveal Eric’s own wittier and wiser dimensions, he would otherwise not have much to say. And eventually the clique dries up, and he’s no longer invited over for cookouts, and the horrified moms still scurry their teenage daughters along and cast Eric an evil eye in the lobby at church, and he moves on.
For over a year this cycle repeats itself, until Eric finally gets around to taking what should have been his first step, to confronting the impetus and inspiration behind this change in his life. He had made a concerted effort to avoid Tracy’s church, the highly unorthodox meeting hall outside the west end of town. But where else would the James family feel so welcome, but in a place such as this? And so finally, inevitably, Eric shows up there as well.
They have no preacher, for everyone, children included, is either a “brother” or a “sister.”  There are no pews, just metal folding chairs, and the decor is plain grey carpet, the walls concrete blocks painted white. Subjects for discussion, as they term them, are sent out in a little pamphlet every month by a denominational headquarters somewhere in upstate New York. Eric sets one foot in here and he knows right away: this is where he belongs. With the exception of his first visit there, when an otherwise calm Mr. James confronts him in the gravel lot behind the building, after the service had ended, tells Eric his showing up here is “in poor taste,” whatever that means.
Not that it matters much what it means. Tracy had long ago disowned the church, and become somewhat of a black sheep in the family to boot, shacking up with some bar owner across town. Somehow her parents conflate Tracy’s rebellious streak with Eric, even though she was plenty wild before he ever crossed her path. And the eccentric brother never shows up, either, it’s just the parents, and aside from that one meeting in the parking lot, they avoid him and he them. They sit up front most Sundays, just as Eric shows up right before the service is about to start and plops down into a forever too small metal chair near the back. He participates in the readings and the q and a sessions, as do they, and by all appearances you wouldn’t know any conflict existed.
Eric is at more peace with himself and his life from the moment he begins attending this church than he has ever been. Then the events of the past year and a half start to unfurl, and he’s twice as thankful he has this to fall back on.



“Ain’t not a one a ya’ll motherfuckers ever asked me what I do for a living,” Eldorado hollers, as he and James continue bushwhacking their way through the woods beside the bed and breakfast. What they hoped to accomplish by this, neither could say. But Eldorado proposed it, to work up a sweat and get some fresh air, and James had been game.
“What you do or what you did?” James says.
“Good point. But you see I was what you call an embedded journalist, I covered the war.”
“Embedded? What does that mean?”
“See it used to be you were sent out there on your own if you were affiliated with a paper or a network station or what have you,” Eldorado says, “now, or as of this last war anyhow, it’s what you might call fifty fifty. Half the reporters are a couple degrees removed from the action like before, though this does give you get a better overall perspective. Half of em are like me, you’re assigned to one unit and you’re in there with it, they become your chaperones as it were. Much more dangerous but you get the bird’s eye view. Then again this becomes the only view you know.”
Without speaking about it, though surely conscious on some level of the general direction in which they are moving, the two of them have cut a wide quarter circle and have wound up emerging directly behind this giant barn at the back end of the extensive lawn. Eldorado nods as if expecting this, and approaches the barn, attempts prying open the wooden door that has been warped shut by disuse and years of ravaging weather. Eventually, with some effort and a loud creak, he manages to fling it open and both men enter.
“What was it you did, now?”
“A little bit of everything,” James admits with a laugh, “most recently a lowly convenience store clerk. Usually a lot less than that. Nothing ever as glamorous as a war reporter.”
“What’s the story there?” Eldorado asks. He raises his eyebrows and looks over at James for the first time since they originally left the house, “drug problems or somethin? You seem like a sharp enough dude.”
“No, no major problems like that to speak of. But I go through these phases every now and then where I don’t give a fuck about anything. This has had what you might call a deleterious effect on my career prospects.” James chuckles, then adds, “that and I guess I do have some unique attitudes about life to begin with.”
Beneath its film of dust, the barn’s stationary artifacts bear witness to decades of aimless use and haphazard storage. A couple of power saws are mounted to tables in one corner, the floor around them littered with sawdust and wood scraps, oddly shaped pieces. A busted up headboard to some likely long discarded bed leans against still another wall. Random bits of furniture, as a tiller, a tractor, and other yardwork accessories, make an intricate maze to walk through. Straw in both loose and bale form is piled in one gigantic mound near the center of the room, beyond which lies a trio of unoccupied stables. Finally, to their right, shelf after shelf houses an extensive collection of empty bottles - someone’s treasured collection, its colors and shapes running the gamut across the known universe of such artifacts. Abandoned now, however, and therefore essentially worthless. 
“That’s the one thing you pick up on I will say being in such a high pressure, tight knit environment,” Eldorado says.
“What’s that?”
“These unique attitudes as you put it, or I guess really how I’d phrase it is the different personality types you come across. And you can’t ever put your finger on it, but sometimes it just works. The ones everyone else tends to fall in line behind. You come across some real motormouths, guys that never shut up, and that don’t have anything to do with it. Some guys never say a word and they got it, some guys never say a word and they don’t.”
“Hey man,” James cuts in, as he’s flinging a rock he’s picked up and flinging it toward the rampant shelving of bottles, where a bulbous blue one explodes and a couple others teeter, but never fall, “it seems like you must be saying something interesting, but I have to confess I have no clue. What the hell are you talking about?”
“Oh,” Eldorado looks over at him again, eyebrows raised. He giggles and says, “all I was saying is certain people everyone else just gravitate toward and fall in line behind, and you can never really say why this is. You can never really pin it on any one thing.”
“Yeah, I suppose that’s true,” James nods, hands on hips as he regards Eldorado with a curious look on his face. 
“I’ve seen in the military, like, I’ll bet our boy Steve has a military background. Or whatever, maybe not. All I know is he walks around half cocked and never says two words, but if he tells me something’s a good idea, chances are I’m doin it. And I’ve only know the guy, what, a couple days? But see, that might not work for you, or me, or whoever. You might not have it at all, or you might have a different style.”
“Yeah.....but then again....,” James starts.
“Then again anyone I see jam a pencil through an armed policeman’s eye, chances are I’d fall in line behind that cat!” Eldorado cheers.
James starts laughing, “I was just gonna say the same thing.”
“Heyyyyyyy.....,” Eldorado says, and drifts over to the closest rack of bottles, “this gives me an idea,” he adds, picking up a tall, thin, green one. “Eh, maybe later, Steve and Eric get back.”
The two of them exit via a door opposite the one they’d entered, facing the house. Crossing the back lawn, some murmuring and motion above them draws their attention to Scott and Jennifer, sitting side by side on the roof outside Scott’s window, their backs against the wooden exterior as they smoke and chat. Both raise one hand to wave as the two of them pass, which James and Eldorado reciprocate. Then they are entering the house again via a side door, just as Donna’s breezing in through the front, out of breath and with three stray dogs she’s picked up trailing her.
“A chocolate lab, a terrier, a golden retriever,” she pants, pointing to each, “I know you didn’t ask, but you were going to.”
As the mutts meander off to inspect these strange quarters, a telephone lying atop a living room end table buzzes to life. In a flash, Eldorado unholsters his pistol and takes aim at the defenseless piece of machinery. With a much more casual touch, James reaches out and slowly pushes the gun down, aimed now at the floor instead of its original intended target. Eldorado questions James with his eyes while Donna regards them both with a gigantic beaming smile.
“It might be just as bad as answering, or even worse,” James says.
Eldorado stares ahead for a couple of measures before nodding, putting his gun away.



Through a series of false starts and dead end streets, Steve and Eric have found their way into and up to the seventh floor of a nearly hundred year old office building. Downtown Huntington is dotted with these throwbacks, these redbrick testaments to simpler times. And really, just getting here in one piece had constituted a major victory - having studied those maps religiously prior to disembarking, they had skirted around town looking for some high, safe ground. 
They intersect one sign on the western fringe that points the way to the Reunion Center and follow that route, until encountering the next sign, roughly a half mile ahead, which is in the process of being torn down by four men in green fatigues, standing beside a jeep. At least two of them are visibly armed. They have their backs to the SUV as it approaches, or else Eric and Steve likely don’t live beyond the encounter. Because someone notices their approach anyway and points, which has this charming quartet jumping in the jeep at the same instant Steve’s whipping his own ride around and shooting back out of town. 
The distinctive whistle and ping of a few stray flying bullets rings out momentarily, but with Driscoll at the wheel the predators behind them are gone in the next instant. This calm assurance Steve radiates is likely what keeps Eric from freaking out, though then again, he has felt curiously at ease ever since first linking up with these people back in Middlefork. Before there was only aimlessness, but now....well, their efforts might prove misguided, but at least as a group they are formulating some sort of strategy, they are taking their shot. 
And so Eric kicks back, he enjoys one cigarette after another as Steve winds his way up another set of thick wooded hills to a promontory southwest of town. Parked there, pulling out his high powered binoculars, Steve scans the city under its canopy of broad daylight, mutters “interesting....” a number of times, puts his eyes away as they climb back inside the vehicle and take off, down the mountain once more.
“What did you see up there?” Eric questions once they are in motion.
“Some activity down by the river. I think I can get us in for a better look.”
“You think?” Eric says, with a nervous chuckle, “because if you’re not sure, man, I’ll tell ya, I have no problem hitchhiking my way back to the hotel.”
“I can get us in,” Steve says with a nod.
And sure enough he does just that. Creeps in through some side streets until they reach Huntington’s underbelly. Parks in an alley, walks along eyeballing the skyline, apparently in search of the tallest nearby building. Smashes open the back door of the one they decide to stake their claim upon, as the two of them climb a set of rickety wooden stairs - neither will think of the elevator as on option until it’s time to leave - in search of the highest indoor vantage point. Carrying nothing but their guns and one accessory apiece: for Steve it’s the binoculars, for Eric his pack of cigarettes. In a rare moment of relaxed intensity, Driscoll hits him up for one after they make it inside the office of their choice.
Here, they pace around and share a smoke, index their surroundings. The legend on the frosted glass door said merely “Shaver And Simply,” so without a more thorough investigation they are left only guessing. Some kind of temp work or clerical work, apparently, with computers on each of the nine desks - six along the front wall and its bank of windows, three along the back - and stacks of neatly sorted papers in trays. Rows of dented in, well worn file cabinets, and beyond these the glass cubicle of a manager’s office.
“Hey, there’s something almost JFK-esque about this, don’t ya think?” Eric offers, “I feel like Oswalt up in the bookstore here.”
“Yeah really,” Steve says with a smirk.
“I find it disturbing in some weird way that nobody cares enough anymore to try an assassination,” Eric continues, “we just don’t. In other countries, maybe, the people do, but not here. When was the last genuinely politically motivated assassination attempt? I don’t count trying to blast Ronald Reagan to impress Jodie Foster, or Manson’s weirdos taking a hack at Gerald Ford. And even those were eons ago. I mean you probably have to go back to Wallace in the early 70s, which is really pathetic.”
“Back then at least you could count on a few loose cannons,” Steve says, warming up to this subject with his patent cockeyed grin, “now all anyone does is grab a six pack after work and go throw on season eight of their favorite sitcom. Bitch to their buddies or their wives.”
“Yeah,” Eric shakes his head, “and we wonder why these fuckheads in office think they have free reign. Or did. Before all this. You know I‘m saying.” 
Steve’s at the window now, binoculars in hand. Smoke streams from the lit cigarette perched between his lips, as he dials in the focus and scans for the pier he’d glimpsed earlier. As Eric hovers behind him and asks a limitless series of questions, Steve tosses off concise depictions of what he’s witnessing below - “....giant barge....they’re wheeling crate after crate onto it....can’t really say what...tons of personnel on hand, too....some kind of base but I don’t think it’s the center...oh wait, they’ve got four....five more barges stationed further down...” - until Eric flaps his left hand with enough impatience that Driscoll finally hands them over.
Steve paces with his hands behind his back for only a moment. Eric says, “whoa....what the fuck....,” seemingly the instant he grabbed the specs from Steve. Whereupon the binoculars’ rightful owner stops in his tracks and stomps over, snatches them from Eric’s hands.
A convoy all of six vehicles strong has crashed through a set of gates blocking off the western edge of the loading dock. Armed with Molotov cocktails and assault rifles, these men exit their vehicles and hurl or shoot what they have at the faceless, nameless, government sanctioned forces toiling away before them. Many of these interlopers wear bandannas, apparently for motivation. Half are cut down in an instant.
One good toss does land a primitive glass bomb inside some cubicle near the front of the barge, where it explodes and sends a few bodies flying into the water, some alive, at least one engulfed in flames. Still others manage to gun down a handful of these apparently governmental agents, most of whom wear a plain uniform of black slacks and blue tee shirts with some unreadable insignia in white on the left breast. But this ill conceived attack is over in what seems like seconds, and concludes with what appears to be just two revolutionaries running like mad for the rear vehicle, as they climb inside and peel out with a frantic one eighty. 
“Let’s go! Let’s go let’s go!” Steve screams, and runs for the door.
“What?!” Eric demands, rooted in place.
“Come on, let’s go!” Steve urges, pausing only long enough to look back at Eric and bark this. Then he takes off down the hall, and Eric lumbers along after him.
They’re in the SUV and streaking off toward the western horizon. Abruptly, Steve yanks the wheel hard to the right, thus beginning a series of zigzag moves he makes toward his unnamed target. Eric, relieved that he isn’t heading toward the barge and the waterfront, at least, isn’t sure if they’re bound for their own makeshift headquarters or if Driscoll has something else in mind, and he’s not necessarily convinced that he wants to ask. Curiosity does get the best of him at last, however.
“Please tell me you don’t think you’re gonna catch....”
“Maybe,” Steve says, “I’m not sure.”
With limited knowledge of the city’s layout, his strategy is reduced to finding a major artery and praying it’s the right one. Machine gun fire and other random single shots ring out from the north and the east, but pinpointing these with any accuracy is impossible as both bullets and reports pingpong and rattle from building to building. 
Wandering in such full throttle but aimless fashion, Steve maneuvers them to a ramp leading up to an overpass, which they have no choice but to ascend. The absence of additional traffic inflects this and surely every city with a ghostly stillness, but it also makes navigation far easier, not to mention detection of any stray sounds. A harsh scrape assaults their ears yet even as it grows louder, draws nearer, they cannot nail down its source. Steve yanks the wheel and cruises over to the far left rail - going in what would have been known as the “wrong way” back when such things mattered - for a closer inspection down below. 
And then it appears amid all this ruckus, struggling along on the semi-main thoroughfare they’d paid no attention to and crossed in reaching this overpass. With quick glances back at the road ahead, more through habit than any expectation of oncoming cars, Steve peers down at the last remaining rebels, in their faded maroon Ford Bronco with its left rear tire blown off, as they carve up the road with the rim. One of its presumably two occupants peeks out from behind the open tailgate hatch, the would be business end of his automatic weapon protruding just a tad bit further.
Steve fires his pistol straight up into the air, waves his arm, fires again. When the tailgunner in the vehicle below swerves as if to take fire - and then in fact does rattle a few shots off - Steve slides their own ride over to the opposite side of the overpass. 
“Are you fuckin CRAZY?” Eric demands.
“I thought he would understand that this was friendly fire, and I could’ve taken an easy shot at him if I really wanted. Doesn’t matter, I’ve got a better idea.”
The first off ramp that approaches, Steve shoots down it and hangs a wide crooked left at the bottom onto its tributary side road. At the first stop sign, as if adhering to traditional motoring convention, Steve brings the vehicle to an extended halt. Then he nods once, crosses the street, finally turns left into a slightly elevated lot belonging to a business on the corner - a pharmacy, the property of a chain that seemingly sits on every street corner. He slots the car into a parking spot facing the road but leaves the engine running. This combination sends a chill up Eric’s spine, as a flashback of the night he passed out on the interstate materializes in an instant. As always, he combats unease with humor. 
“Look it’s obvious you need medication but I could’ve hooked you up,” Eric says.
“Here,” Steve tells him, sticking the pair of binoculars in Eric’s chest, “your sight line will be better than mine.”
“Sight line for what?”
“Just get down and tell me what comes up that street,” Steve says, pointing eastward, toward the heart of town.
The whoosh of a car moving at great speed reaches them at roughly the same instant as Eric’s eyewitness report. One police cruiser roars up the block, with two occupants. Peering up just over the dashboard’s edge, Steve times his assault with precision, rocketing down the incline as their target nears and mashing its sideboard into smithereens, as the cruiser spins sideway in the street, on Steve’s side of the car. Both driver’s side windows in the police car smash out, convenient as Steve empties his subautomatic into each before they’ve even come to grips with their predicament. 
He exits the vehicle to make sure both men are toast. Grabs their guns. About ten blocks ahead, he sees that the other truck has slammed on its brakes.
“Just a wild hunch, but I’m guessing you have some experience in situations like this?” Eric says, preferring to remain seated and call his question out the window.
“Something like that.” 




Steve Driscoll




It is as his best friend Rick Hickey is in jail for a third DUI conviction that Steve Driscoll really goes ballistic. Literally. Things had been simmering for quite sometime, but this latest seismic shift pushes him over the edge. And to think, all it takes is a couple of hack teenybopper starlets, light years removed from his own situation, to send him here. 
Rick would never do anything about it, even though it directly pertains to his own situation. The thing is, Steve never would have dreamed himself capable of caring enough to take this action, either, and he was not exactly the type to hover over the evening news. Yet he finds himself riveted to reports of a spoiled 23 year old actress being popped for her own third driving under the influence charge. She’s on probation, has a bag of cocaine on her person at the time of her arrest; for this, she spends a whopping 84 minutes in jail. Not 84 minutes before bond is posted and she goes to trial and does community service or pays a treasure trove in fines, 84 minutes total. 
Steve isn’t sure what bothers him most about this incident. Surely it isn’t the first time a star has gotten a slap on the wrist in a situation where the average working class stiff would have been condemned. But aside from the episode itself, the way it is glossed over by the media rankles him. The way no one he mentions it to is bothered the least bit by this rankles him. The way magazine covers are still able to prominently display this idiot with their equally moronic captions rankles him. The sense of entitlement he still sees prominently displayed on this marginal talent’s face rankles him. And yes, the way that people like Rick - including Rick himself, if he were a free man - who are in or have been in the same predicament seem to dismiss the whole scenario with a shrug, this rankles him. 
Rick’s doing six months and owes about $4,000 in fines, in addition the $2,000 he spent for basically no reason on a lawyer, and this doesn’t take into the account the lost wages he is currently unable to support his family with as he’s locked up. The message? Rick’s great crime in life is not that he had four cocktails in an hour and a half and decided to drive home with “drunk tag” license plates that made him an easy target for the cops to fuck with. No, the message is that his great crime in life is being a middle aged construction worker rather than a twentysomething pampered Hollywood twat. 
Steve methodically packs his rifle and his pistol, a change of clothes. He books a flight to California, and rents a van upon landing.
Why these things only seem to happen out here, he can’t really say. Especially as it isn’t a symptom specifically related to California, though the nimrod pundits are always making this lazily researched case, ditto the knuckleheads he works with. This is rather a problem with people in this country as a whole, three hundred million sets of priorities thrown completely out of whack.
Still, one must be sensible. Because a far greater percentage of these idiots will call in a vote for the nationally syndicated talent show every Tuesday than will find time in their busy schedules to select the next president, Steve knows what kind of issue sidestepping and vapid gushing the talking heads will engage in if he’s ever busted. He knows it’s far more likely that a three page writeup of what kind of shoes he’s wearing at the time of his arrest will make The New York Times than any serious discussion about the pros and cons of his actions. 
The marginally talented “billionaire” heiress who is an heiress in name only - people would be shocked to discover how little she is, in fact, worth - and has somehow made a career out of playing a blonde dumbass on television, if, that, is, you consider three years a career, her bust has him seething to the point he’s beside himself. A rage as unexpected as it is all consuming, it prompts Steve’s semi-impulsive booking of this flight out to sunny L.A. Or rather suburban Brentwood, where the county sheriff has just concluded the blonde dumbass need serve only the fabled 84 minutes of a 30 day conviction for that third DUI. People don’t really object so much as they have empty water cooler discussions about the affair, as if it was a Monday Night Football game played by two teams who were already out of the playoff hunt. 
The presiding judge had deemed her first two drunk driving offenses inadmissible as evidence, and bought wholesale her totally plausible explanation that the coke was “someone else’s.” By the time Steve has booked his flight and landed out there, however, the judge has at least relented to public opinion and ordered the actress back into jail, and Steve is forced to watch replays of the whole sordid mess replaying on his hotel room television. This braindead cunt whom a select percentage of equally mindless Americans still follow, in her mid 20s, but bawling like a toddler and screaming for Mommy as the bailiff drags her away for a second time. Even so, she does just two more days and is out on the streets again. Her fines, the newspapers and anchor people are frothing at the mouth to report, wouldn’t have bought one twentieth the amount of cocaine she had on her. If she bought it, that is, which, of course, she didn’t. 
Someone is going to fucking pay the fiddler for this, a message must be sent.
He booked his flight out here intending to pop that county sheriff squarely between the eyes, and damned if he isn’t going to do so. The judge clearly made a worthy target as well. Why not the talent-free bimbo herself? Oddly enough, he knows that to drop the idiot like the sack of garbage she is will create more problems for himself than it will solve. A meaningless bimbo of no worth to society whatsoever, guaranteed there will be thousands of chat room and blog devotees playing amateur sleuth. It might take them 40 years to work their way down to where they’re checking every name on every flight that made its way into L.A., and every rental car obtained, but they eventually would, and cross referencing that against gun registrations, and surely there’s one small t he forgot to cross somewhere along the line that would nail him. But to take down someone of actual consequence, a law enforcement figure, it’s a forgotten case before the corpse is even cold. Now if that same law enforcement figure had a wife or mistress that disappeared, now that would be a huge story no media figure could let go of in his/her lifetime. To shoot this county sheriff dead in his own front lawn, however, well, who gives a shit. Certainly not the general public. But the boys in blue will take notice, and so will their golf partner lawyers, their three martini lunch judge brethren.
Steve pulls into the suburban street at an hour late enough that there isn’t much traffic, yet not too late to where any movement parts curtains from those that are still awake, watching their mindless sitcoms and hospital melodramas. He’s taken pains to remove the license plate a number of blocks earlier, behind an abandoned church, and even if he’s ticketed for that now, he’s just a guy sitting in a rented white van. Some weapons in a duffel bag, but so what. 
And in the news reports after this incident, it always cracks him up to read or hear about it was obviously someone “with a clear knowledge of the area.” Yeah. You can’t find these perfectly grid shaped suburban neighborhoods just anywhere, now. And these interstates you hit and hightail it upon, these aren’t always located in predictable configurations just beyond city limits, to enable your exit, usually encircled by a circular outer belt to further hasten retreat.
A silencer screwed onto the barrel, and he tries to sleep in the back of the paneled van. Why take chances on anyone seeing him. But wired, unable to do so, he sits up at a vantage point where he still has clear view of the sheriff’s front door while remaining well out of sight. 
Finally, just before six in the morning, with the sun barely cresting the horizon, the target appears, clutching a coffee mug as he lopes with smug casualness along his front walk, and Steve drops the sheriff with his first shot. Two more on his prone body in the front yard hit their mark, after which Steve smoothly climbs into the driver’s seat, turns over the rental’s quietly reliable engine, and slinks forward down the street. He always knew that military background was good for something, anyway. 
Reflecting back on his brief obsession with settling scores - there will be four law enforcement/government figures dead by the end of this, and one news anchorwoman - Steve will briefly consider that what he did was unbelievably dumb and irresponsible, when considering that he is the primary provider for his wife and three little girls. But over time his view on this twenty month period where he took it upon himself to do these things changes. Over time, he begins to consider and then believe that there is more to being the man of the house than paying the bills and buying a home security system. If it didn’t involve stepping outside the boundaries occasionally and protecting what mattered - sometimes via dangerous and questionable means - then it was basically the same, to him, as saying family and community meant nothing to you. 
Besides, wasn’t this the first concept drilled into a young cadet’s head upon joining the armed forces? Steve had been like every other idiot he went to school with, which is to say smart enough in practical matters, but with little use for books. Football practice and a game on Friday nights, screwing around with the girls and drinking beer with the guys, as rites of passage on the weekends, on the otherwise miserably dull weekday nights. Unsure what he intended to do, but certain that it did not involve college, and it surely didn’t impede his interest along these lines that his father had been in the Navy when he was Steve’s age. Or maybe this had nothing to do with it at all - his father had never talked about his days at sea much, had never pressured Steve in that direction. He just recalls one morning distinctly sitting in class, mid way through his junior year, and knowing in a snap that yes, this was the direction that he would pursue. 
Ever since that not-so-popular war decades earlier in the jungles of the Far East had flamed out so ignominiously, the American military had gradually expanded under some neverending beef-up project promoted by a string of vaguely hawkish presidents. They had pulled the troops from that debacle, then went about stockpiling men and weapons on every neutral piece of ground they could find elsewhere. More soldiers, more missiles, more planes, and yes more ships in the water provides not just the vessel, so to speak, for remedying Steve’s teenaged wanderlust, but plenty of opportunity for advancement should he choose to make a career of it.
Except, he did not. Certain of his friends back home, and more than a few superiors, found it odd that such a sterling candidate as Steve Driscoll would chuck it all aside without an afterthought. Plenty would remark that if ever an officer seemed earmarked from the word go for SEAL status, it was he, and certainly his naval career would have benefited from the single-mindedness and structure that attaining such a lofty goal proffered. Yet his intention had always been merely to reach pension status and bail, use the benefit of those good retirees’ programs to buy himself a house and go about assembling a family. 
They start you off at Great Lakes, Illinois, which is where they introduce every naval recruit. But this is no boot camp, this is eight weeks of classroom hours with a light dose of physical fitness thrown in. He had pictured himself stationed alongside a regal fleet up in Annapolis as legend would indicate, but no, it turns out neither he nor his dipshit buddies knew anything about anything, and anyway, when he arrives at this rather drab Midwestern complex, he’s a great distance removed from standing around chewing snuff in the parking lot with those guys. None of those guys, from back when this seemed like a good idea, are here.
To a man his instructors, however, from Great Lakes and on up the ladder, would surely rate Steve an excellent devotee, that he could follow instructions to the letter after hearing them only once. He would unfailingly find the proper mindset for getting any job done. A superior he respected or admired, there were no lengths Steve was not willing to span on their behalf. The handful of others, he told himself it was a task he must see through to completion, nothing more. The physical exercises he could have rather done without - already, at eighteen, Steve was fleshing out into the burly, hulking presence that would ultimately define him - though he made a game effort of even these, he slogged his way through. 
You pick up a little bit of everything in your two weeks at Great Lakes, not the least of which is how to operate a wide array of common electrical tools. A recruit is typically surprised to discover how much time is devoted to computer training. Unless a military buff, a recruit is also typically surprised to hear that two of the Navy’s five fleets are stationed in the Pacific. In his mind once again Driscoll had envisioned a heavy presence in the Middle East, when there was none, thus shattering his vague reveries about life aboard some ship positioned just off a sandy equatorial coast, where the threat of an aggressive missile strike keeps the insurgents under their ever prying eye in line. 
In the naval lingo of the time they called their strategy forward deployment. How this differed from what the other branches of the U.S. military were up to might prove impossible to define. Except as recruits they would hear a whole lot of talk about their main objectives being to dissuade future conflict and to contain simmering feuds of years gone past. You would also hear a great deal of chatter from your higher ups about this being the most versatile of the military disciplines, which made them best equipped to assisting other branches, other nations.
It was as if they were selling themselves these points to inflate morale. To pump up their importance as bit players. Because in sports parlance, they were clearly the guys off the bench. While the situation is going from bad to worse in the Middle East, they’ve their own theoretical fish to fry in the Pacific, where Steve is shipped after his eight weeks at Great Lakes are up. Your average civilian would have been astounded to learn - as was he - the amount of manpower and energy is devoted to overseeing supposed long dead tensions in Asia from decades earlier, and the relative low key status of the Navy made them ideal suitors for this assignment. Even so, when various dictators from these countries are popping off at the mouth and stockpiling nuclear components, it wasn’t as if either of the Pacific’s twin naval fleets ever contributed anything to this discussion. No, as utility players they would be brought in for defensive purposes late in the game, if ever.
From Great Lakes he is shuttled in quick succession to San Diego and then from there aboard a carrier to Guam. Ever since it was given up without a fight by a Spanish garrison near the turn of the 20th century, America’s much ballyhooed Navy had apparently patrolled the Pacific from its base of operations there. Again, this is all news to Steve. These weren’t exactly the subjects touched upon ever in history class, and even if they were, he would have found them irrelevant. All these poor dunces sent into the streets with a diploma absent the knowledge, say, of how to fill out a tax return, or the basics of self defense. But damned if you weren’t expected to have the campaign slogan of John Tyler’s presidential campaign etched upon your memory banks. Heaven forbid you didn’t know the precise order certain ships were sunk in during the war of 1812. Some of his own closest buddies even - largely, the very ones who’d made this idea of joining the military sound such an appetizing prospect - were the epitome of this class: sitting around chugging canned American brew and watching action movies with them, they could name every fighter jet that came across the screen. These chums of his would have been hard pressed, however, to fire a pistol without injury to self and/or others.
So Steve can dig the practicality of his assignment. He respects and admires those who’ve served in the past, he recognizes the importance of defending one’s land and the occasional use of aggression in the name of a just cause. Still, what motivates him primarily is developing any attribute which might serve him well when his days with this outfit are over. Learning how to take orders well, this is a skill. Attention to detail. How to survive if stranded for long stretches in a major body of water, how not to drown. Not so much anything to do with weapons, at least nothing he couldn’t have figured out on his own.
The natives are known as Chamorro, dating back to this island some four thousand years. He absorbs a quick primer, occasionally referenced thereafter, on General MacArthur’s exploits here during WWII, the establishment of a crucial link in the Allies’ SIGSALY code machinery. By the time Steve’s stationed here, living on such a remote and relatively small parcel of land has also come to mean some crazy hodgepodge of American and Asian culture and the residue of Spanish rule is also thrown into the mix. He will learn soon enough that Magellan had stumbled upon this island with his crew in 1521, that this was a happy accident; he will also learn that the Japanese had forcefully seized the island right after Pearl Harbor, and that this was not. Word of impending invasion had reached upper brass’s ears, and they had pulled the Navy, but neglected to tell the locals. Two fun filled years of riots, torture, and occupational brutality would follow before the US got around to cleaning house and taking it back with one bloody massacre. 
And so it becomes that on a land mass measuring thirty miles by twelve miles at its widest point, that military bases would occupy more than a quarter of that space. The Air Force and the Coast Guard have their fingers in this pie as well but it’s his randomly chosen branch that claims the bulk of it. Nonetheless, San Diego seems like Texas by comparison to him, sprawling as it does across a dozen piers and a thousand acres, compared to the bandbox this island station represents. 
They run drills sweeping for water mines, trailed by a countermeasures ship. They practice surveillance, they analyze imaginary enemies, looking for weaknesses and developing plans of attack. Radar will play a leading role in much of this. They are taught at great length how to enter a battle field and define, manipulate, control this space, they are taught the names of various missiles and machinery, such as the Tomahawk, which is a navy’s bread and butter, the aircraft carriers and subs and destroyers.
On furlough the men represent the rowdy high school students they basically still are, though amped in great measure by the weird tension that day after day of relentless gravity gives them, and homesickness, and girls they have left behind back home. Decades later any mention of the native women forced into prostitution during Japanese rule is a sore and unwise choice of subject matter, but the working girls they’re encountering on the glassy black streets of Guam are another story entirely, are one of the few points of ready comparison between their lives in the States and here. The more experienced among them having something to measure against puppy love encounters left behind in their forsaken home towns; the rest, they can at least compare these island girls to one another over time. A focal highlight remedying the one inescapable truism of military service: you’re either bored out of your mind, or you’re seeing more action than any sane man would ever request.
He witnesses just one death his entire four year stint there, and combat never engages them once. A fellow officer has gotten hold of a jeep somehow, because they were always getting hold of a jeep somehow, it’s a Friday night to cut loose in Tumon, the seaside tourist trap. Up highway 1 through the capital Agana, really no more than a village - for they’re all little more than villages here - or occasionally inland to Barrigada. Just a short jaunt from their base at Sumay, on the island’s western rim, into one of those towns, and along that short rural highway, those weird pillars known as latte, stone structures the natives apparently once built huts around, which now stand alone for the most part like sentient beings on hillsides and at forest edges. And those equally strange streets within the city that are made of that black, shimmering stone.
The natives are all chewing betel nuts wrapped in leaves and sprinkled with lime powder, but the officers are warned it’s a nasty concoction in the mouths of outsiders and discover as much first hand. Every other vendor sells red rice it seems, the local delicacy, and the other half are peddling banana fibers skirts, or leaves interwoven into baskets. Curbside, buskers sit strumming the weird unpronounceable stringed instruments that are fashioned out of gourds, their straw hats beside them to receive any wayward pocket change. And while their integration here does entail sampling every South Pacific cuisine these market streets have to offer, on a night like this these crafts are naturally worthless to the soldiers, they’ve only come to town for the women and the alcohol. Fortunately, a great deal of the beer sold here is familiar to them, and as long as the liquor mixes well nobody really cares what it is. 
They had driven around in much worse shape than this, returned to the base or found their way into the willing arms of a prostitute and a flophouse bed unscathed. Hour after hour of whiskey and that universal elixir Coke, after which there was nothing more untoward to report than the unspoken tawdry details of their negotiated sex. Four years nearly they’d muddled their way through this - and four of them in this jeep that particular day, having arrived to a man within the same wave, destined to leave in the same crop of exports as well. Five months stood between them and the end of their engagement with the military.
Thornton, McAdams, Lash - only in death would their full names ever make an appearance, otherwise they are known to one another only by the last. The latter was at the wheel as they wove through the affluent streets of east Barrigada, rising as it does above the rest of town, affording a clear view of the beach hotels of Tumon and beyond those the Pacific’s murky blue panorama. Atypical for this middle spring month, this particular late morning remains as misty as it has been from the moment they left the base. A couple of beers with breakfast, nothing more. Random drug tests meant the questionable local hybrids of weed were off limits, and pretty much everything else, but acid remained forever undetectable and this is precisely what the four of them had scored in Barrigada that morning, with an eye toward dropping sometime in the evening.
It could have been anyone, but they are soldiers and as such already not the most popular folks on the island, to say the least, their presence always seen as an intrusion by the natives despite the influx of commerce and Western goods their being here affords. Likewise, it could have been anyone or anything else in the road that morning, though as they come sailing over a crest in the road, what’s standing there is one farmer and his herd of carabao, the indigenous strand of water buffalo, used in this instance as they commonly are for trudging home with the burden of the farmer’s market goods behind them.
Lash cuts the wheel sharp to the left but these stone roads don’t exactly represent the apex in lateral traction. Somehow he manages to skirt the pack, and it helps they’re only averaging about 45 down this slope. They would have been better off nailing one of those roaming glaciers sidelong, or for that matter drilling a couple head first. Because what happens is they go skidding into and over a shoulder, which in turn finds them blistering down the backside at an angle rarely suited for earthbound vehicles. The wild country grass is high enough to eclipse about half a tire, which likely saves them, as the jeep’s front left wheel hits an unavoidable rock and flips and sends three of the four occupants sailing into the morning mist. The other, the only one among them actually wearing his belt, is Paul Thornton.
Paul Thornton, all five foot three of him, is crushed upon impact. Bucktoothed, skinny as a rail, prone to wearing no shoes - as he is not now - and irredeemably effeminate, or at least non-masculine, enough to make himself the target in a whole series of time worn jokes about sailors and those lonely nights at sea. He is laid to rest with a proper burial in that sea, lowered into the ocean with a ceremony that many will grudgingly admit is the sad and sorry highpoint, militarily speaking, of their tenure here. Lash, McAdams, and Driscoll are half instructed, half vilified, into sticking around the base more or less for the remainder of their stay on the island. Curiously escaping the accident with gashes and bruises, a few cracked ribs, he and McAdams are even on their feet, though woozy, as the paramedics arrive, amid the chaos of the damned carabao mostly milling still in the road and surviving witnesses hunched together wide-eyed in a nearby field, as though the flipped over jeep were a fire breathing monster.
For the better part of two decades, Driscoll’s thoughts return to Paul Thornton rarely, but when they do, at least he is thinking about the man; it’s somewhere around the time of his second flight west, to Phoenix, his suitcase packed to the teeth with guns, that his thoughts become almost obsessed with Paul Thornton, in the abstract. Steve begins to think that he ever takes the fall for that first shooting, or for this second that he is about to commit, then surely the spin they’ll put on him in the press will center one hundred percent on his military background. Like vultures they will descend upon this tidbit, paint him as some wild eyed commando stomping around and waving guns in people’s faces the instant anyone irks his hair trigger ire. Then when that story threatens to turn cold, they’ll unearth some fifth grade math teacher or something that Steve got into one argument with, ever, and a thirty second soundbite interviewing that guy on the six o’clock news will cement forevermore that Steve also has issues with authority. 
In reality, he feels the texture of his experience from the late teens onward has very little to do with this. People are who they are by this point. He is only thankful that he was brought up in the correct manner by his folks, bless their souls - maybe with a little too much backbone, for the public would surely hang him for this, although he tends to think that if he sat down at the kitchen table, one on one, with any man or woman in America, he or she would overwhelmingly have Steve’s back on this issue. It’s only as a collective that opinion becomes such a shrieking circus of nonsense. 
Still, his thoughts focus upon Paul Thornton from the second episode onward. It’s while sitting in a van overnight across the street from the judge’s house that he muses how backwards everyone has it. Had he seen any real combat in his time with the Navy, had he witnessed an escalating body count and the loss of not just one but a large chunk of his friends, it would have in great measure made him numb to death. Far less likely to try something like this. As such, there was only the one, and an accident at that, and it has made him he supposes - if only in the absence of war or any other traumatic experience - tuned a little tighter into the value of their lives, and how quickly it could end. The need to surround yourself with what matters and protect it. 
He flies to South Carolina to dispatch the asshead governor who flew to Argentina on the public’s money to hook up with his mistress, instructed his gladhandlers to lie that he was on a six day hiking trek, refused to resign when the scandal blew up, avoided impeachment somehow and then ran, successfully, for a seat in the House once his governorship ended. Bye bye. 
A slap in the face to everyone who straps on boots and goes to work each morning, that’s what Steve considers this. He just about hits the ceiling the morning he’s reading this in the paper, fork in hand at the kitchen table; his wife, Samantha, understands that he’s upset, and thinks this has something to do with Rick Hickey, and with Steve’s own brother, and it does, but she doesn’t know the half of it. The way Steve sees it, the judges and ethics panels and bipartisan committees are either cowards, kissasses, idiots, or combinations thereof. Either that or on the take, but any way you slice it, someone has to take the fall for this, and that person is the governor.
On his subsequent journeys west, he flies into Chicago, Portland, Reno, he takes rental cars from the airport to his destination. His fifth and final trip out, he cruises all the way to California from home, under the auspice of a motorcycle odyssey with his drinking buddies. Steve’s aware that it’s a longshot, but that if the case goes unsolved for twenty years it’s the kind of last ditch hunch someone might think to check - as of the time of his fifth quote unquote victim, they aren’t even sure if the shootings are connected, or if they’re the work of one or multiple copycats, because he always uses a different gun. But it wouldn’t take a genius to check flight records, and the statistical likelihood of someone else flying precisely into the same city as the shootings on those first four weekends, while proving nothing, would give the authorities a hell of a headstart. 
Still, he can’t say specifically this is why he stopped, only that a coolheaded assessment of risk is one of the factors. Knowing that if you gamble your entire bankroll long enough, however slim the odds of going bust are, eventually that outcome will befall you. The first four had all been male, figures involved in either the judicial or law enforcement or political process. The fifth, however, she was merely some obnoxious muckraking journalist, known for hopping the fences of celebrities and prominent public figures, camera crew in tow, and hassling people in their homes. Dealing with any lawsuits later, because she was enormously popular. She was also an enormous part of the problem. But the governor of her home state was trying to push through a balanced budget and also an ambitious social program reform bill, all before an impending deadline, but instead he’s caught up in a whirlwind of controversy stemming from one incident in his college days twenty two years earlier where he may or may not have ingested an illicit substance with two coeds and proceeded to have sex with one or both of them. Important, pressing stuff, in other words, and this bitch just wouldn’t let it go. Bye bye.
Naturally, if Steve had known how the next two years were going to play out, he wouldn’t have even bothered. Yet a confluence of reasons align to pull him away from this admittedly pointless pursuit. He does feel he’s crossed some line with shooting the journalist, but mostly, it’s just the awareness that none of his actions have altered anything, good or bad. That, and there’s one encounter right around this time with a Cincinnati policeman that has him questioning if his own fuse is burning progressively shorter as a result of his thinking he can eradicate problems with his gun.
It’s an allegedly routine traffic stop, and though these officers tailing you were supposed to have some justifiable cause for running your plates in the first place, by now it had become so obvious that they could conjure up any litany of vague and hard to pin down excuses up to and including the murky all purpose “swerving” allegation, that few people bothered challenging them anymore. And the same applied to whatever ticket they were writing - when your number was pulled, you just dealt with it. You bit your tongue and took your ticket, you nodded and waited for them to get out of your fucking face. The court system was set up to discourage even challenging it, as the exasperated judge all but came right out and told you not to waste your time, just pay the damn thing and move on with your life, he’d lower the fines down to the point that the court costs would bring it right back in line with original amount. 
Except sometimes you couldn’t help yourself, sometimes you’d just had enough. That day the pendulum shifts for Steve, he’s pulled over in a residential neighborhood just a handful of blocks from his home. He knows he’s not speeding, and he damn sure hasn’t run any traffic signals, stop signs, none of it. You would have needed a laser to pinpoint any “swerving.” It’s a routine weekday afternoon, he’s on his way home from work. But the jackpot lights snap to life behind him anyway, and though there is no way on earth this cop could have deduced this without running his plates, Steve is pretty certain this has something to do with insurance.
Of course there is the polite fiction of his “doing 38 in a 35 zone” to dispense with first, the entry point for this rigmarole of the cop’s finding what he already knew existed before he even pulled Steve over. Pretending he hadn’t been just running plates idly, without any real reason, of the cars he was cruising behind in traffic. And then once he’s up at the window, tapping at it while Steve is still fumbling through the glove box for his papers, in appearance this dude is revealed to not even fit the stereotypical cop profile. He’s a thin, bespectacled, middle aged man with a case of the jitters, yet somehow his stammering passivity merely angers Steve all the more.
“It....it says here you have no insurance on file, and that your license has been suspended as a result. In fact I’m....in fact I’m supposed to take your picture ID and your plates at this time.”
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Steve curses, while snapping his head away to glare at a spot somewhere on the passenger’s side floor mat. He shakes his head in disbelief and barks, facing the cop once with a condescension dripping smirk, “I knew it. Yeah, that is correct, I don’t have any insurance. This is because I purchased a surety bond instead, which is perfectly legal in this state.”
 “A sure what?” the officer questions, visibly befuddled.
Steve makes an impatient gesture, roughly translated as roll tape, indicating the packet of papers he just handed the policeman. “Come on, do your homework. You mean you’ve never heard of this? I have $30,000 on file with the city. Someone screwed up my file somewhere, obviously.”
The cop squints through his glasses, peering up from the envelope to Steve. “Can I ask why you wouldn’t just pay for insurance?”
Steve cackles in wild, stunned disbelief and retorts, “does it matter? But yeah, sure, here,” he reaches into the glove box once more, extracts another fistful of documents, seemingly at random, shakes them in the buffer zone between his scowl, the window, and the cop‘s clueless visage, “here’s some recent quotes from, I don’t know, eight or ten different companies. The rates are astronomical now because my brother just got a DUI, and he happened to have crashed on my couch for a couple months last year? What the f -
“Look that’s neither...that’s neither here nor there....”
“No, it’s right here!” Steve announces, and shakes the stack of papers with red faced indignation, “it is right here and right now with what we are talking about! Because he shared the same address as me for few months there?!”
“Well, I know that...in certain cases where there’s a history of....”
“A history of what?! Helping out some family members? So then we’re required to carry this crap, but then they jack our rates through the fucking…
“Sir, watch the language.”
“They jack our rates through the god…they jack my rates through the ceiling for this? And there’s nothing we can do about this? Are you kidding me?! Come on!”
“Look, I’m sorry,” the cop says, but he does not look up as he’s snapping his pink sheet off the metallic clipboard, as he hands it to Steve, “I’m just doing my job.”
“That’s great,” Steve says, and makes a shooing gesture, “call whoever you need to call. Or do I need to call my lawyer instead?”
And so the cop slinks away to verify a few facts on his radio, as Steve sits and stews, his gaze moving no further than from the side mirror to the rearview and back again, pausing at each for a few hostile minutes as he glares at the figure in the squad car behind him. Steve’s thoughts also run but a single, short, back and forth course between the ridiculousness of this encounter, and the pistol he has underneath his driver’s seat. Teethed clenched throughout this interminable wait, he even leans forward once to reach underneath and wrap his fingers around the gun’s handle.
With a weak, apologetic smile, Steve’s papers are eventually returned, as he is set free and advised to have a nice day. But this cop is soft, and he doesn’t know how lucky he is. He hadn’t even looked up when Steve was reaching for the glove box that second time, which could just as well have been a hand groping for that pistol. Steve is certain that if he didn’t have a wife and two kids at home that instant, that the outcome of this particular confrontation would have panned out a lot differently. He’s fairly sure that if he didn’t have Samantha and the girls, that there would be one less officer on the Cincinnati police force, and one raging citizen figuring out afterwards how and where to hide.



“People need to get over thinking of them as two separate and distinct parties,” Jennifer says, “all it is now is a cleverly disguised one party system. Our politicians can stage their little mock debates and perform their little song and dance routine, this shtick of getting worked up over this and that, but really, what it boils down is that both parties are all about big government and big business. That‘s it. Fuck everybody else.”
“It’s a polite fiction,” Eldorado nods, “both sides know the other’s gonna be in charge half the time, but they’re in charge half the time too and as long as they can keep it this way everybody’s cool.”
Scott stands before the minimal fire they’ve built in the inn’s backyard, prodding it aimlessly with a stick. The other four sit around it, illuminated as he is, and ponderous, though everyone else has considerably more to say. Night has long since fallen, and while the question of what to do should Eric and Steve fail to return is pressing, nobody has mentioned it.
“I know I got in these arguments with my dad about Dumdum all the time...,” James begins.
“The smirking jackass!” Donna cheers.
“Right, the smirking jackass, even as of a month ago, my dad would be like, he was a great man! and get all sentimental and shit, and I guess it made some sort of crazy sense to be optimistic and supportive when Dumdum was in office, but I can’t understand clinging to that now. Why? Just give it a rest, man! Like Dad gets all pissed off and tries to blame this bailout mess on the current president, but I point out that it was actually Dumdum and Crony who got the ball rolling on that.”
“They pushed the first one through. There’s been two of them,” Donna says.
“Right, but he sits there and shakes his head over and over again and says, no, no, they didn’t intend for the taxpayers to pay for that, though, and I’m like, are you out of your fucking mind? Who WOULD pay for that, then?”
“We borrowed all that money from China,” Eldorado chuckles, “like they’re just gonna say, alright, 900 billion, no biggie. You buy the next round. More like, alright motherfuckers, you ain’t paid us a nickel, it’s time for us to swoop in and start runnin some of these companies we already own.” 
“People have a hard time admitting they were duped,” Jennifer says, “that’s why you still hear all this rah rah revisionism of, oh, he wasn’t that bad. Like they’re praying that if they say it enough, it will become the general consensus over time or something: Oh, He Wasn’t That Bad. Instead of what’s basically inscribed beneath his plague in the White House hallway now: Easily The Worst Fucking President, Ever.”
“But people weren’t even duped!” James protests, “it was all plainly out in the open, that’s the sad thing! That this dude was absolutely atrocious.”
“I don’t care what your party affiliation is,” Jennifer continues, though speaking mostly to Donna, failing to address James’s point in any fashion, “you’d have to really be extremely generous just to look at this guy and say, hmm, okay, I think he did a so-so job. When you’ve got people instead going, like your dad or whatever, this is a GREAT MAN, that kind of extreme reaction is clearly denial.”
“You gotta give the guy credit, though, he was absolutely unflappable,” Donna says, “keep showing up everywhere with that same idiotic smirk now matter how bad it got. Like he thought it was all some comedy skit on tv or something. Foreign dignitaries didn’t think he was a complete moron. People at home didn’t despise him.”
“Yeah,” Eldorado laughs, “like you know him and Crony still sit around the fireplace with brandy snifters patting themselves on the back about what an awesome job they did. I can hear Dumdum now: all that stuff with tha meed-yuh got blown wee outta portion. Wee outta portion.”
“People know we’s alright,” Donna chortles, picking up the thread.
“Yeah, even though if you would’ve polled a nice cross section of I don’t care how many people - a thousand, a million, whatever - at any point during his run there, it would’ve come back overwhelmingly thumbs down,” James said.
“Yet somehow we reelect him,” Eldorado says.
“Did we reelect him?” Donna questions, “I mean really?”
“The first administration was his and Crony‘s fault,” James says, “the second administration is everyone else’s because yes, we did, even though everything was on the table. It wasn’t like all this shit came out later. All the facts were on the table and the American people choked and reelected him anyway. That makes them the assholes, less so Bristling and Crony. Which isn‘t to say they aren‘t assholes, too.”
Scott opens his hand and lets the stick he’d been holding drop into fire. Still without a word said, but grinning as he has been basically throughout, he turns on his heels and walks off. Eldorado laughs. Donna asks him where he’s going.
Scott spins around and walks backward as he declares, “I’m gonna drive around a little, what else?”



“No, no, ham radio ain’t the same thing as CB at all,” the fat man with the pointy grey beard is telling Steve, “and those walkie talkies they’re usin, that’s also entirely somethin else. We‘ve got the CB hooked up, but we could really use a ham radio and someone who knows how to run it.”
“Eric Green,” Eric says, stepping up to shake the man’s hand.
“I’m sorry, where are my manners? Tom Hegeland,” replies their latest host, as he continues flipping over bratwurst on a mammoth grill with the tongs in his right hand, adjusting the black ball cap that has VIETNAM emblazoned across the bill in yellow letters with his left hand - some vague symbols which look like flags beneath that - and continues orating in his booming voice, made all the more surprising by a roly-poly physique that has him appearing to lean backwards at all times. His shape, if Eric had to describe it, is a roughly a cube of the dimensions 5 x 5 x 5.
“What do you think they’re sending over those walkie talkies?” Steve asks, and as Tom pauses to extend his right hand, he shakes it, says, “Steve Driscoll. Do you think they’re using those to shoot some kinda code?”
“Maybe. Or actually I guess they have to be, but damned if we can figure out what. But why else would they be using them?”
Just getting out here to this compound represented a strange and much more onerous process that it should have, almost as if it were a complex courting ritual. With little use for kamikaze heroics, following that timed collision with the police cruiser, Eric remained seated in the SUV. He left the art of skillful negotiation to Steve who, armed with at least three handguns and a slew of insults, ducked and wove his way from building to building, block to block, shouting at those last surviving rebels in the busted down truck. At one point, as far as Eric could tell, Driscoll threw two of the guns at those guys. Yet somehow a number of moments later he’s marching back toward the SUV with both men in tow, and they’re all three howling over something, and they climb inside and take off. Luke and Randy, they introduce themselves as, leading the way out here to Tom’s compound.
They made no more than a nominal effort to conceal their encampment here. A few miles west of town and down a long dirt lane bordered on both sides by early spring corn, into a sparse strand of trees on the other side of which lies this sprawling farmhouse. Hegeland had apparently lived here the entirety of his sixty seven years on the planet, and once all hell broke loose he began summoning people here openly on his ham radio. Surrounded by nieces, nephews, and grandchildren, as the other members of his family all began disappearing one by one, they slowly assembled the fifty some bodies that now call this compound home - a number cut in one fourth, roughly, by the ill timed raid early this afternoon.
“You seem like you’ve got a good handle on things here,” Driscoll tells Tom, “how do you sign off on such an idiotic and pointless excursion?”
Hegeland shakes his head and says, “now I told those damn fools it was stupid, but hell, you know these kids aren’t gonna listen. They thought they was bein sneaky but I heard this and that whispered here and there and I knew what was goin down. Now, this isn’t to say I was absolutely against it, mind you. They lit out of here around 5 this mornin but hell, I’m an old farmer, they should’ve known I was already up. But,” he sighs, “I didn’t stop em. Now, had it been any of my blood in there, you can bet your ass it would’ve been different. But they know better.”
They have posted no guards along this line, they have maintained a basic open door policy. In their year and a half running as such, they’ve experienced no invasions, no problems to speak of apart from that which they’ve created themselves. To Steve, this indicates that their proximity to a Reunion Center likely means that any kind of home-to-home sweep was conducted fairly early on, if at all: those responsible might very well have figured there was no need, that people this close could not resist. Which means that their quaint little base of operations back at the bed and breakfast might prove safe for who knows how long. Except he didn’t come all this way just to hang out and play survivalist - he could have stayed home for that - which is why he was so adamant about intercepting Luke and Randy.
As he’s loading the top rack of this easily eight by four foot grill up with ears of corn, Tom explains their method of recruiting. That if they’d made any obvious effort at transmitting a code over the CB, that someone in a position of authority would eventually become curious enough to decipher and likely follow through on it, to see what they’re up to. But barking out some seemingly random and harmless gibberish, only someone who was actively seeking out such a message would tune in. Of course, this wouldn’t entirely rule out the possibility of government interception, but if they were that concerned they would have posted sentries in the trees and never bothered contacting anyone.
The code was simple and barely concealed, though of the variety an educated individualist would know and most any government lackey would not. Tom merely recites a basic advertisement for lodging at what he refers to as his country inn, a la a standard thirty second spot back in normal times, as if nothing had changed at all. It is only with the final line of the transmission that he breaks from your standard script.
“We shall endeavor in spite of this to keep the United States of America neutral,” Tom says.
“That’s it?” Steve questions, “but what the hell does it mean?”
“Oh, some old deciphered code the Germans had back in dubya dubya one,” Tom shrugs, “it could have been anything, along those lines. The whole point was basically the only ones whose ears‘d perk up was the one we’s tryin to recruit.”
“Recruit for what?”
“Well now don’t get me wrong, they could swoop over top of here with a helicopter any day and blow us to smithereens. They could come for me any day for all I know, and I wouldn’t stop ‘em. But anyone can roll up here, and make a home and we got plenty of room, plenty of land, plenty of food....”
“You ever hear of a Dr. Logan?” Eric asks, piping up at last. He had inhaled a bratwurst, bun and all, he washed it down with a can of soft drink and was by appearances reinvigorated as a result.
Tom purses his lips a split second and shakes his head, says, “don’t believe that I have.”“Crazy professor? Spouting out a bunch of convoluted nonsense? We’re looking for the fucker because he poisoned a bunch of people we know up north. We think he may be connected with...whatever it is that’s going on.”
“Now, I’m certain I don’t know of anyone fittin that description. We got a doctor here but he’s a medical doctor. Of course, we also got a couple of mechanics, a butcher, a blacksmith...”
Steve returns from a quick survey of the grounds. He’d noted the casually industrious method everyone seemingly employs here assembling this lunch, and the long, neat lines of tents strewn in a spacious back lawn, also thick with bodies albeit of a far more lackadaisical variety. To the left of the house sits a spacious garden, though its fruits are well shy of harvest, and a thin band of trees borders the property on all sides, beyond which in every instance lies a planted field that stretches to the horizon’s bend, if not further. 
“I gotta give it to you, Tom, this is a nice spread you’ve put together,” Steve says, “but we’re not here to hang out and play farmer.”
“No, I didn’t figure as much.”
“I’m here to do some recruiting of my own. But first I’d like to round up the rest of my people and bring them here, if you don’t mind. We’re holed up a few miles north.”
“Not at all,” Tom says, his steady, sober grey eyes meeting Steve’s, “but you leave this fella here,” he nods toward Eric, “and three of my boys are coming with you. If you don’t mind.”



Hours after their fireside huddle began, while inside preparing dinner as a quartet, Donna ventures downstairs and stumbles upon the wine cellar. As all have been seemingly since the previous weekend, this is an overabundant affair made infinitely more memorable by a few bottles each of red and white. Their feast consumed, they head back out to the fire where there is also now no mention made of Scott. 
They form neat triangle, with Donna and Jennifer side by side, leaning into each other on one side of the fire; Eldorado in a lawn chair, upright and as vigilant as a person can be after a couple of bottles of well aged vino; and James, cross legged on the ground. Eldorado, his green military cap slung low atop his eyes, has become considerably more pensive under the influence of drink, whereas the girls are both of the giggling and yet semi-obnoxious variety. James becomes a tad more talkative, but otherwise his personality changes not the least.
“I think those gossip publications served a somewhat valid purpose, so long as they were accurate,” Donna says, “I mean they all just thought they were bulletproof, larger than god, those celebrities. The one thing they probably feared most of all there toward the end, because there was no morality anymore, was to look like a dipshit in public.”
“Yes, well, where are they now,” James says.
“Where are they now?” Jennifer chimes in, suddenly combative, “I’ll tell you where I think they are, I think they’re all tucked safely away in stately mansions somewhere still. I don’t think any of this affects any of them at all.”
“Safe to say I don’t miss any of em,” Eldorado drones without looking up, “most the time I think that’s why they never had another draft, they couldn’t figure out how to make celebrities exempt without starting a riot with the common people. Like the modern day equivalent of Elvis Presley or Ted Williams was gonna accept it and trot merrily off to war, at the height of his career, hmm, my ass....”
“Safe to say none of us miss most of these people,” James says, holding out his arms to gesture at the world around them, “I mean, think about it, in the abstract sense, unless we knew them, it’s kind of nice to not have so many people around.”
“That’s kind of a shitty thing to say,” Jennifer tells him, “don’t you think?”
“I just hope nobody suffered,” Donna says, shuddering, “whatever it is that happened to them.”
“We’ve all got people we’re still heartbroken about losing, we’re still just sick when we think about it,” Jennifer says.
“Well that’s what I’m saying,” James explains, “in the abstract sense, it’s nice not having to deal with so many people all the time. But only the ones we don’t know, and then you start to think about an actual other person, a human being, not in the abstract, and that changes everything....or like Donna said, you think about them suffering, all these people, wherever they are....”
“But there were people suffering everywhere, all the time. Overcrowding, too, like we couldn’t even dream of here, I’m sure. And not in the abstract, whatever the fuck that means,” Jennifer says.
James forms his mouth in an O and runs his palms slowly down both cheeks to express his exasperation. 
“Look, all I know is, I used to get so pissed off at all these people breathing down my neck all the time. Coming home at 8:30 at night on a Tuesday on my bicycle and I’m on some meaningless country road but the stream of cars is nonstop. And it’s like, where the fuck are all these goddamn cars coming from?! The poorest county in the state, the most jobless county in the state, and it’s not like anyone’s commuting from anywhere.”
“Just drones, following their signals back to the hole in the honeycomb,” Eldorado mutters, “the particular coordinates they’re allotted to lay down their heads. Coupla beers, nightly news, nighty night....”
“You’d think so, but no, it’s just as heavy, relentless, all these cars moving in the other direction, toward town. Dark, half the time raining out, getting splattered with mud, fighting for some scrap of the shoulder and these assholes....I don’t know,” James shakes his head, “I wasn’t even thinking so about the oil situation or pollution or anything so much as I just wished all these people would go away somewhere. Where the fuck could they have possibly been going?”
“I think about the oil situation. And pollution,” Donna says, zoning out as the stares at the fire, her voice no more than a bird’s peep.
“Let me guess - pretty much single all the time, right?” Jennifer says to him.
“Yeah, I suppose you’d call it that, why?” he shrugs.
“No reason. But I think I’m starting to see why.”
“Actually I think the reason why is it’s never been a tremendous priority,” James says. Jennifer smirks and rolls her eyes, so he continues. “I love women, I appreciate their company, and when it’s great it’s great...but I never expended a great deal of effort making it happen. I knew I wasn’t interested in starting a family, so it seemed like....”
“Hold up!” Jennifer says, her smirk more of a puzzled taunt now, her eyebrows diving upward and inward as they move toward the center, “so what you’re saying is - wife, kids, no interest to you whatsoever?”
“That’s what I’m saying.”
“Psssh,” Jennifer says, and she rests her chin in one fist, looks off to the side as she shakes her head, “that’s the most ridiculous and immature thing I’ve ever heard.”
“Jennifer....,” Donna murmurs, placing a hand on Jennifer’s arm.
“No, I’m serious!” Jennifer shouts, turning to her, “I-
Just then a car squeals as it rounds into the driveway at a speed much greater than necessary. It then flies up the lane, spraying gravel in its rapid pursuit of a terminus, past the house but shy of a smaller, second barn. The other four are silent as they witness this spectacle, mouths agape, for the car shudders on its springs in coming to a halt. A bright red sports car, by appearances brand new or very near it, but before any of them have a moment to process what this likely means, the driver’s side door opens and Scott steps out. He beams at them, then ducks inside and extracts a plastic package of some sort.
“He really needs to stop doing that,” Donna notes.
As Scott makes his way back over to the fire, they call out questions from all sides asking where he picked up this ride and what became of the Marty’s Carpets van he took off in.
“Car dealership in some little podunk town,” Scott pants, “can you believe it? Pretty much had my pick of the litter, place was wide open, keys just hanging on a rack.”
“Sweet ride. What the hell is it?” Eldorado asks.
“Just an Acura, actually, but man it hauls ass. Oh, and then I also found this,” Scott beams, holding the plastic container up to the light, “I think someone took their written instructions a little too literally.”
A rectangular cake from some grocery’s store bakery section, its white frosting base has powder blue trim around the edges and a pair of purple numbers - 41 - stuck into the top left corner. However, in that same shade of purple, a legend in cursive takes up the majority of the cake’s available acreage: DO NOT WRITE ANYTHING ON THIS CAKE. 
Eldorado spews a mouthful of wine into the fire, slaps his knee and throws his head back in a howl. Donna says, “mmm, cake....,” and rubs her belly. James starts to laugh, but happens to glance across the ring at Jennifer, who still happens to have her glare focused like a laser on him. 
“I’m going in to cut this,” Scott mutters, and starts toward the house.
“I think I should join you,” James says, jumps to his feet and follows.
“I love those guys....,” Donna sighs, having watched them walk and then disappear inside.
“I don’t know,” Jennifer says, “that James seems like a jackass if you ask me. I could really do without him.”
“Really? I think they’re both a couple sweethearts.”
“Scott maybe,” Jennifer scoffs.
“I’m not so sure about that. They seem very alike to me, attitude-wise,“ Donna observes, “it’s just that Scott doesn’t actually say anything.”
“Yes, well, maybe James should try that on for size.”
“Okay, okay, I think it’s safe to say I already figured out who’s gonna end up bonin who,” Eldorado cackles from his chair, “naturally that means my black ass is gettin left outta the mix...”
Jennifer turns and smiles at him, asks, “what makes you think I haven’t done a black guy?”
“Seriously?”
“Actually, I have too, now that we’re on the subject,” says Donna.
“Seriously?”
“Yeah.....” Donna dreamily purrs.
“You girls are puttin me on.”
“Come on, Eldorado, where ya been, man?” Jennifer says, “it’s really not that big a deal in this day and age.”
“Yeah.....”
“Okay, so what about Steve? You do Steve”
“He’ll yes I’d do Steve!” Jennifer says with a self-conscious chuckle.
“Yeah, Eldorado, Steve’s hot!” Donna agrees.
“Although he does seem preoccupied most of the time....,” Jennifer says.
“Well, I believe he was the only one of us who was married and had kids....” Donna says.
“Hold up, not so fast,” Eldorado says.
“Oh, you too? I’m sorry, Eldorado.”
“Nah, it’s cool....anyway.....how about Eric?”
The crunch of footsteps reaches their ears a split second too late.
“BAM! BAM! BAM!” a voice calls out, and Donna topples where she’s sitting. Jennifer jumps to her feet, while Eldorado barely moves. He merely tilts his head up and squints at the figures emerging from shadow.
“Do you see what just happened there!?” Steve barks, “while you knuckleheads were busy solving the world’s problems and tying one on, you just got your heads blown off!”
“Why did you have to do that!” Donna shouts, as Jennifer’s helping her to her feet, “Asshole!”
“Be that as it may, this will the last of these little events I can assure you,” Steve says, swirling his finger over top of the fire as if stirring up a punch bowl, “I mean, I’m as much a fan of a drink now and then as the next guy, but get it together. This is just stupid. How do you think they used to send messages to other armies back before you could text it? The phrase smoke signals ring a bell?”
Only now do they turn their attention to the figures behind Steve, at the firelight’s edge. A trio of ragged street survivor looking types, they wear tattered clothes and carry pistols at their sides in unison. The tallest, with curly blonde hair and a long knotted goatee, is introduced as Luke, while the two short middle aged bearded guys with bandannas are not introduced at all.
“What’s this all about?” Eldorado asks, nodding toward them.
“Come on,” Steve says, hooking both thumbs back behind him, toward the house, “let’s get a move on. We’re relocating.”
“Where’s Eric?”
“Now?”
“Yes now. Let’s go.”



Scott sits at a workbench in Hegeland’s enormous garage, with a pile of wires, knobs, and other electronic gadgets scattered before him. Though every person here who personally knows him, and then some, has ventured past and offered a bewildered shake of the head, only James and Donna are within sight now, smoking cigarettes in the gravel drive, by the nearest of four wide open garage doors. They speak in low murmurs as Scott works, constructing this ham radio per the lord of this manor’s request.
Illuminated only by a series of high power floodlights, Tom is wrapping up as much of a tour as he can at this hour, leading Jennifer, Eric, and Eldorado, along with a handful of the already familiar recruits who apparently have nothing better to do, or just felt like a walk and hearing the spiel one more time. He touches on the edge of every field bordering the compound, without actually venturing inside of them, and currently leads them through a dwarfish by comparison, though still enormous, garden of smaller crops maintained closer to the house’s backside. Tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers and the prerequisite melon varieties are among the crops on file, in neatly cultivated row after row after row. Throughout, in his slow and somewhat croaking yet nonetheless mesmerizing drawl, Hegeland narrates what they’re seeing and the higher purpose here.
“I don’t wanna blow smoke up your ass,” he’s telling them, “most of it’s just doing the only thing I know how to do, the way I’d be livin regardless. So I can’t pretend there’s always been this higher purpose. Although I suppose turnin this into a refuge here lately does kind of hit on that. But this farming business has been a real tightrope for decades, I can tell ya.”
“How so?” Jennifer asks. She has been his most dedicated pupil for this duration of this field trip, essentially attached to Tom’s right hip from the moment they arrived here.
“Well, I would consider myself an individualist, to say the least, so the issue of accepting government subsidies to keep the farm afloat becomes a thorny one. In the end I always come around to takin it, although I have friends who’ve done without with mixed results - and no I wouldn’t consider my stance hypocritical. Either way, the people pay, whether on the front end or the back end. The subsidies do at least stabilize the produce prices at your corner grocery store.”
“Yeah, but how much governmental horseshit are you putting up with, then? A bunch of red fuckin - freakin, excuse me - tape, miles and miles of it?” Jennifer asks.
Tom shrugs and says, “no more than if I didn’t take the money, actually. You keep up the appearance of being professional and don’t piss anyone off, they don’t know enough to even tell the difference.”
“That doesn’t surprise me,” Eric says with a chuckle, a half step behind them.
“Of course that’s easier said than done. The funny thing is - I suppose you might call this, what, ironic? - is that half the time I wound up using the subsidy money to fight the people who were givin it to me,” Tom continues, “a bunch of us did. Our marvelous elected officials give tax breaks to their rich buddies to move these giant corporations into this county, to try and buy up land here and here,” he crooks an index finger first to the southwest, then the southeast, “and we pool our money to come over the top of them. Then after we bought the land, we’re hirin lawyers to defend the eminent domain they’re springin on our asses.”
At the garage workbench, Scott has rigged some old pipes he’s found laying around, to fashion an antenna, and hooked up a car battery from a motionless vehicle he found, in the nearest neighbor’s driveway, which is to say approximately a half mile up the road. Jumper hooked to a grounding plate to facilitate this charge, and while building a workable transceiver essentially from scratch is not for novices, he was able to move through this in a matter of hours, as the rest is something a small child could probably manage.
“The subsidy checks still arrive?” Eldorado questions, as Tom’s tour concludes and they approach the back entrance of his house.
“Noooo, of course not. But then, neither do my bills. Money is kind of a moot point these days.”
“Why would you keep growing acres and acres of food if nobody’s buying it?” Jennifer wonders, her tone about three parts awe, one part a dash of finding this ridiculous.
“Somethin to do,” Hegeland shrugs, “like I said, it’s all I know. We can’t be sure how many folks we’re gonna have on hand here, and the surplus I still deliver to every store I can think of in the area. Why not?’



From seven at nightfall they have become nineteen by daylight. Heading out from Hegeland’s after what amounts to half a night’s stay there, sent off with a bellyful of his comprehensive breakfast, and the cheers of those choosing to remain behind. 
Steve is certain that running alongside the river, southeast out of Huntington, is their best bet for finding any answers at all. Naturally, as he explains to the others, they will have to remain almost exclusively out of sight, but in staying up virtually the entirety of the night, he pieces together a solid map charting their course.
No other state boasts the panoramic weirdness of a drive through West Virginia, nothing quite prepares them for this. Rounding an average looking bend in the highway, and encountering a massive, frame filling sight so bizarre it would take all day to properly catalogue. A fully decorated Christmas sleigh in someone’s front yard, though this is April, next door to a church with a feed store attached to it, across the road from a forklift buried in the mud of a partially cleared out forest, with a trailer sitting on blocks behind this and a pile of used tires towering almost as high beside it. If they choose to focus beyond the foreground, other layers of alternating beauty and peculiarity situate further out, as far and fast as the eyes can sweep, as though five wildly different agencies and agendas had carved up this countryside all at the same time.
By late morning, they reach a tiny town named Dunbar somewhere in the stomach of the state. Their terrain has been a series of peaks and valleys, progress slow, as this six vehicle convoy stops often at certain predetermined points so that Steve and a couple of others can creep off with binoculars to investigate the river. At Eric’s suggestion, they have pulled off here in Dunbar to grab food at drink at an abandoned but fully functional convenience store; at Eldorado’s, they have lined up bottle after bottle for a makeshift shooting range behind it.
The men outnumber the women in their posse by a tally of fifteen to four. At Hegeland’s, the ratio encamped was almost equal, but, playing to stereotype, the men were ultimately more likely to hitch off on some murky quest while the women contently maintained the makeshift community they had built. After lunching inside on snacks and crappy sandwiches nuked in a pair of microwaves, they are now receiving their first dose of Target Practice 101.
Leading the way, Steve nails eight bottles in ten tries. Allotted the same number of shots, every man in their would be army takes his turn, ranging in ineptitude to mediocrity on scale of Scott’s zero to Luke’s five, with Steve offering pointers and instruction to all. The two newest females in their group fall somewhere in between, while Donna rebuts Steve with such insistent anxiety that he eventually gives up on making her try. 
“What about you, honey?” Steve calls out, turning around to shout back at Jennifer, “see what you got?”
Jennifer has stood for the duration applying makeup in the reflection of a convenience store window. Just now adopting the final touch, her ever present purple lipstick, she turns and marches toward him. 
“Honey?” she says, meeting his gaze, a humorous smile on those painted lips as she grabs the pistol from him. 
Lining up with little to no preparation, Jennifer rattles off nine quick shots with take down the first nine bottles on the hastily assembled platform. She stops for a second to admire her handiwork, which has even Steve spellbound as he peers over the top of his half cut sunglasses. 
“Here,” she says, spinning on her heels to hand him the gun, “I left one in the chamber for when you shove this up your ass.”




Jennifer Ladders



Only upon the dissolution of her marriage to Benjamin Murdoch does Jennifer truly come into her own. Such an old cliche, but true nonetheless, and anyway why not: every other strand of her existence also screamed cliche. Yet recognizing herself as one was maybe the pivotal first move in stepping out. At any rate, she feels she had more epiphanies along these lines by the age of nineteen than most women ever have, thus has no issue with chalking it up to time well served.
That asshole still makes her cringe, however, just thinking about him. Him, and the things she did to him, with him. Sometimes it washes over her like a wave, causing her skin to break out into goose bumps of revulsion. 
The summer after high school ends she continues to lifeguard Middlefork’s community pool, screwing around and getting bombed with her friends as if nothing had or ever would disrupt this standard cycle. Almost as if, anyway. The future shades their every move, she feels, like a storm cloud on the horizon. Everyone going away to university, which never held any interest for her at all, or else sticking around to attend Middlefork’s second rate branch college, which just seemed lame. She wasn’t sure what she intended to do, exactly. Except that she had always felt strong and smart and just assumed that she’d figure something out. 
It didn’t take long. A Saturday in mid-July, that summer of her graduation, and it has played out as one of those nights she always referred to as six degrees of intoxication: you start out at a party in your own town, where you know lots of people, and then someone you only kind of know talks a handful of you into riding to another party the next town over, where you hook up with some person this other person only sort of knows, and that person leads an even smaller number of you to still another party the next town over. In such a manner, Jennifer winds up at the sprawling estate in Belmont, a house full of people only a couple of which she began the night with. In such a manner, Jennifer meets Ben Murdoch.
Of course, he hated being called Ben Murdoch. She only made that mistake a smattering of times - once at this party, a couple occasions each before and after they were married. No, he was known throughout the land as Benjamin, and he insisted upon being called as such regardless of the individual addressing him.
Truth was, Jennifer had never heard of the guy. Her friends found this shocking and odd the night of the party, and would continue to believe so when she’d make this admission through the ensuing years. He was apparently some hotshot in the manufacturing industry, and there were whispers wherever he went, this Saturday in July included, that he was one of the two or three wealthiest men in the tri-county region. Murdoch Textiles represented the foundation of his empire, and likely provided still his primary source of revenue. If it were only that, too, the sour look that cropped up on everyone’s face whenever she mentioned his name would have surely never emerged, except maybe for the actual employees of his textile plant. Or his wife. Yet Benjamin Murdoch at some point had begun buying up plot after plot after plot of land throughout the region, barking at politicians down at city hall - he couldn’t be bothered to attend, say, an actual city council meeting. Either that or felt he was above such common folk, in general acting as if he were some grand community overlord. 
“Oh, he’s not so bad,” Jennifer would murmur, initially with much more conviction, when people would make that face and roll their eyes and look at her as if to say, what’s wrong with you, lady? Because he really was that bad, and then some.
These counties were rife with really old businesses that were barely turning a profit, or perhaps had lost money for a series of years as their hopeful, longstanding owners prayed for a turnaround. Benjamin’s gift, so to speak, was swooping in when these owners felt their backs were about to break, making them a well below market offer that nonetheless must have seemed like a relief and a godsend - and this itself only a measure Murdoch resorted to when the owners weren’t behind on any taxes, allowing him to get creative placing liens on property, or when he was bored with the area’s foreclosure and sheriff’s auction offerings - and then closing down the operation, firing everyone, selling off the assets, knocking down the building and putting up something along the lines of a modest strip mall.
“People don’t give a damn where things are made anymore,” he was fond of barking, this, coming from his catbird seat of owning perhaps the only thriving manufacturing plant anywhere in the vicinity, “there’s no money to be had in this country from cranking things out.”
He was also not above lecturing atop some alleged moral high horse. These pompous soliloquies about delivering service and convenience apparently only applied to that which he considered wholesome. When an industrious, upcoming local twenty-something attempts expanding his three store Naughty Offerings operation - trafficking exclusively in the pornographic materials and adult toy trade - by erecting a Belmont location, Benjamin waits until construction is three fourths completed, purchases the land next door, throws up a hastily assembled chapel, then argues in court, successfully, that a sex shop was not allowed to operate within 500 yards of a house of worship. 
Soon enough, Benjamin owns that unfortunate adversary’s property, too. Naughty Offerings might thrive elsewhere, but not in Belmont, and in completely atypical fashion Murdoch leaves that abandoned eyesore of a building and lot unfinished and standing forevermore, almost as if a reminder to everyone that he is not to be fucked with.
Naturally, such sanctimony does not extend to his personal life. Maybe the manner in which Jennifer seduced him was really not fair, but then again it has always been her opinion that that which was corruptible was really not so strong to begin with.
It wasn’t as if she was on some inexorable mission to captivate and bed a wealthy local businessman. And that night of the party, his wife had even been present. Alcohol and some other trace illicit elements she ingested may have factored into the equation. All Jennifer remembers is standing in one corner of this gigantic, elaborate front hall, with its tile floor, the color of red clay and engraved with some fancy design, with its three different levels a couple steps up or down from one another, stuffed with people and expensive imported furniture but otherwise wide open. The lights are a bright, sparkling gold one might ordinarily associate with champagne. Jennifer and the only actual girl friend she knew here were standing with the other girl that they’re barely associated with who had dragged them here in the first place, and they’re holding mixed drinks, and talking to a pair of preppy and good looking but fairly dimwitted hunks they’d met just moments earlier over by the bartender’s cart. 
Jennifer is nodding and sipping her drink, but her mind is elsewhere, and she’s contributing nothing at all. People watching, mostly, which is how her eyes happen upon Benjamin, not for the first time - he’d been pointed out to her by the girl they’d gained entry with, from across the room, with an almost reverent whisper - but only now is she seriously appraising him, and actively thinking about him. A group of people moves on, allowing her gaze to settle upon Murdoch within his own conversational circle across the room. 
She allows herself a little smirk above the rim of, what, a godawful martini, if memory serves. Thinking that all it would take is a small dose of that trademark Jennifer Ladders brazenness, and in the bat of a painted eyelash her cumbersome concerns of this summer and beyond would be gone. Not a terrible looking guy, either, all things considered, even if she is just eighteen and he’s triple that if not more, sporting an appearance she can only describe as Early 90s Eric Clapton: shaggy white hair, parted down the middle, gold rimmed glasses, a suit and tie even as virtually all the other men are wearing khaki shorts and a polo. Sometimes will he sport beard stubble and/or a goatee, but tonight he is not. He is, however, red in the face with drink, either that or the exertion of some passionate debate he’d been entertaining. 
He holds up a finger and sets his drink on a book shelf to his right, turns and walks away from the group. Jennifer’s eyes drift on reflex over to the wifey, in another cluster over by the front door, hand on another woman’s arm as she’s telling a story that has both woman as well as their large coterie of female companions laughing along as they listen. Dark haired and demure, she is still an attractive lady, though in her late 40s now, Jennifer’s guessing, and has just crossed the terrain where people will unfailingly add the phrase for her age to the end of any sentence discussing her attractiveness. 
No such qualification attends Jennifer, not now and, she believes as she parts her own small group, walking between them, not anytime in the near future. She feels as if every eye in the room is upon her as the crosses it, up two steps to one level, through it, up two steps to the next. Though knowing that in actuality, people are too consumed by their conversations and their alcohol, matters close at hand, to pay any attention at all to her movements, to anything else in the room. 
She is tall but well proportioned, never big-boned or gangly or Amazonion or mannish or whatever it is most guys call the other women that this would apply to. Even at a young age, the boys have always fawned over her. Of course, the long naturally blonde hair and taut hot pink tank top she’s wearing don’t hurt. Finding tan lines tacky, even if only a select number of individuals would ever see them, she climbs onto the roof of the Middlefork pool’s main building on her days off - the same place where she’d fucked Derek and at least one or two others - and sunbathes naked. Speaking of which, she has taken great pride through the years in nailing every noteworthy stud around town, the power in turning her back on them soon thereafter. And such is her respect throughout Middlefork, the manner in which she is often viewed with awe, that a phrase like slut is never uttered even when she’s not around. And she would know if it had been.  Such is her influence, the way that even other women are either intimidated or find her a trip to be around, and the guys of course just couldn’t get enough.
Such is her influence at this moment just shy of midnight, too, that once she’s set her mind to this, she knows that she will have him. This party still thriving, on the upswing, even, if this were possible among a predominantly middle aged invitee list at this relatively late hour. Murdoch veers left, alone, down a hallway, and she follows. He turns to the right, to enter one of this stately palace’s rumored five bathrooms - not his mansion, which gossip also has as even more impressive - and Jennifer, drink in right hand, pushes his shoulder with her left. Owing to the party’s general racket though a great deal removed from it, Benjamin has only now noticed her and initially creaks his head in her direction with obvious irritation. She merely smiles and nods to a room down the hall, points to it with her free hand.
Once inside what she had guessed correctly was a guest bedroom, she shuts the door and pushes him forcefully onto the bed. Landing on his back, Benjamin’s hair flops into a momentary disarray that he would not allow even under these circumstances. As he fusses his locks into a neat part again, with both hands, she’s also employing hers, albeit in the service of first guzzling down her drink, setting the empty aside, yanking off her tank top and her front clasping bra. His mouth agape, she chuckles and strides over to the bed, yanks his pants and shorts to his ankles and begins going down on him. Her only concern is that he might have a heart attack in the few moments it takes to wrap this project up, the way he writhes and convulses below her.
She throws her upper garments back on and exits the room without a word. Knowing that he will find her, and he does, though with a slickness and restraint that even she has to admire. Then again, he was apparently a skilled negotiator, his style could not involve sheer vulgar brashness and nothing else. Returning from a trip to the bar, where he’s grabbing one more glass for the road, he extracts a business card from his front shirt pocket and hands it to her in passing, saying only, “call my office.”
Two months later, she is living in his mansion.
Maybe there was some underlying trouble with the wife already and Jennifer merely sped up the process, she isn’t sure, and truthfully does not care. In typical Benjamin Murdoch fashion, the former missus doesn’t even get the children, he has complete control of them as well. Which makes no sense because despite his millions, for Charles, 9, Jack, 7, and Anges, 4, to turn out so surprisingly normal and unaffected by this jackass’s wealth clearly indicates he had little to do with raising them. 
So the kids are around but not a ton, not during the summer, with their tennis lessons and their weeklong camping expeditions and whatnot. For the remainder of the season also, she keeps her job lifeguarding at the pool. Winning Benjamin over had taken about as much coaxing as she’d expected - which is to say, next to none - but still, Jennifer remains elusive. A fine line existed between being someone’s mistress, a plaything, and the woman he’d overturn his kingdom for. 
Their first date out he had taken her to some five star steakhouse in the country, nearly an hour north, and after four glasses of red wine apiece over impossibly succulent ribeyes, even this ogre could seem charming and handsome. More than a few of his obnoxious comments concerning disliked businesses adversaries have her laughing to genuine tears, though she knows none of the targets he names.  He asks virtually nothing about her, except during the occasional awkward conversational fumble, such as when the waiter is in their presence.
Afterward, he drives her a short distance to the country chalet he owns, a half mile from the nearest neighbor, on the backside of a hill and with a sweeping back patio on stilts that overlooks a tiny pastoral pond. They split one more bottle on the railing, underneath the stars, and it would repulse her later to no end to consider that she was genuinely turned on by this man at this moment, for the first and surely only time that she and he were together. 
So they performed the deed that night for the first time, yes, and it was dark and she was able to close her eyes to block out what little of his flabby, nearly senior citizen aged body she would otherwise have been able to see. They would perform the deed in such fashion throughout their year and a half together, as little as she could manage in her duck and weave routines, avoiding the man, though this still amounts to far too many encounters as far as she is concerned.
Jennifer would have felt much worse about the complete lack of warmth toward Benjamin, except he reciprocated this frostiness to a tee. You’d have thought he might have considered himself charmed to enjoy the fruits of such a ripe, sought after plaything, but he seemed to consider her his entitlement. For the most part she loathed this quality in him, though on occasion she had to pause and admire his brutish indifference. These were likely the same attributes that made him a successful businessman in the first place.
The question of whether this attitude was really worth its sacrifice in respect and true camaraderie was another matter entirely. Their destination wedding slash honeymoon in Barbados was certainly a bangup time, surrounded as they were with possibly the only five men in the world who apparently enjoyed Benjamin’s company, and the slightly aged trophy wives that Jennifer actually vibed with. Little mention was made of Murdoch’s former, and this was probably a good thing, though by the same token Jennifer never got the feeling any of these women were particularly close with or loyal to the ex, nor that they begrudged Jennifer’s youth and beauty, the ease with which she slid into this picture. She represented merely another diversion for them, a fairly wild and amusing sidekick on this often surprisingly dour gold digging adventure they’d put their Xs upon.
After the summer ends and they return from the honeymoon, Benjamin will not hear of her working anywhere. Even with a full time maid keeping their virtual mansion polished to perfection, a groundskeeper, a chef - the only person missing in this ensemble might have been the stereotypical doting butler- and thus with no real constructive purpose to serve around the house, he nonetheless all but demands she set up camp there. Oh, he would have been fine with Jennifer engaging in the sort of middle aged spinster activities such as bingo or charity auctions or sweater knitting circles or whatever it was that the typical forty five year old woman in Belmont might have enjoyed, but these, to put it mildly, do not fucking interest her. He is just fine, too, with her taking the nifty candy apple red convertible - of his six vehicles, the only one she is handed the keys to outright - and filling up her afternoons driving around to visit all her old Middlefork friends. Problem was, most of them had jobs. The thrill of driving through the countryside with the top down, radio jacked, possibly a joyous summer cocktail to sip on, soon faded when there was nobody home worth visiting. 
And so it was with lying around the pool, and so it was with happy hour spent in the company of Benjamin and his business colleagues, and so it was with the gala weekend parties that she began to dread.
Their marriage comes unraveled the spring of her twentieth year, a few weeks after her early April birthday. She could even trace every parcel of their disintegration back to one night, and really one relatively minor incident, which crystallizes for her the need to cut her losses and move on. This life was just not for her. She had it all - gaudy diamond necklaces, earrings, wristbands; the aforementioned convertible; the chalet up north she could disappear to whenever Benjamin became unbearable; skiing lessons in consecutive winters from one five star resort to the next to the next; a personal tennis coach during the warmer months; a wardrobe fit to clothe ninety percent of Belmont in luxury; not to mention the primary motivation behind all of it, the removal of all need to ever work a single shift at some meaningless job again. 
Yet she’d come to occasionally loathe certain aspects of her own personality, the way it had grown increasingly grotesque under Benjamin’s influence. Jennifer had always carried a reputation for captivating company if the mood and the people around her were right, but being indifferent to everyone else. And certainly, this immodest lifestyle was only underscoring every ignoble tendency. For she was now dressing down the dry cleaner ladies with particular venom, say, marching out of there in a huff, she’d developed a reputation for going off on Belmont’s grocery store cashiers with little provocation.
It all came to head, fittingly enough, in a steak house in what would become she and Benjamin’s final night out together. This time around, however, it was Hathaway’s, on the property of Belmont’s country club, the occasion Jack’s ninth birthday. 
The whole episode began with one offhand comment Charles had made, after they’d placed their orders and were waiting on the food, that he wished this place served milkshakes. This led to Jack and Agnes’s seconding, with no more than a typical kid’s wishful enthusiasm, that they would like milkshakes as well. Somehow in the back and forth of debating which one of them wished for a milkshake the most - again, common childhood fare - the three children managed to escalate the matter into the realm of semi fever pitch. 
Then Benjamin decides to get involved.
He calls their waiter over, a well groomed and dark-tall-handsome type named Ruben. Politely states their case, that the children would like a chocolate milkshake. Ruben begins with his surely patented deflection technique that in all but the most extreme circumstances is able to diffuse any odd requests a guest might have - hands clasped behind the back, slight lean forward, sharp intake of breath through clenched teeth and pained grimace that is just the right blend of genuine concern and gallows humor. The word “unfortunately” will make its appearance at some point in the sentence. The guest is made aware that he and Ruben are in this together, and that, unfortunately, Ruben does not own this place, he only waits tables here. Ninety five percent of the guests will never say boo and of the small quotient that do, ninety five percent of those are readily placated in such a manner. 
Unfortunately for Ruben, Benjamin Murdoch is not one of them. Unfortunately, 
tonight Ruben is the lucky recipient of this five top from hell at table twenty six. A manager is soon dispatched.
Make that “front end supervisor,” actually. Jennifer will wonder in retrospect why they don’t send for the top dog immediately, as some of Benjamin’s ire likely stems from muddling around with these middlemen. For when the redheaded, glasses wearing dweeb with Terry on his gold plated name badge is unable to make Benjamin happy, this marks the turning point in a situation that was fast devolving from manageable to ugly. In this instant Jennifer detests these children - not that they’d asked, because they are, after all, children, but that even they didn’t have enough couth at this juncture to call the whole thing off, to apologize to the waiter, to speak up and do whatever it took to clarify that these damn milkshakes were really not that big of a deal. Instead they sat wordless, with their cherubic faces sipping soft drinks through straws, looking around at the room and murmuring to one another about school, cartoons, sports, anything but the manner at hand.
“These children would like some chocolate milkshakes, now!” Murdoch insists.
“Yes sir, I am aware of your request. But I’m afraid that, unfortunately, we don’t offer milkshakes here at Hathaway’s,” this Terry is saying, and his body language is all wrong - standing as he is like some nefarious adversary in one of those aforementioned cartoons, he even has the crooked simper down, the way he has his hands together in front of him and hunches toward Benjamin as though fawning on the man even as he’s shooting him down.
“I don’t understand. You have a kitchen, you have the materials to make them, do you not?” Benjamin demands, his cotton white brows furrowed together as though puzzled equally with the question of how someone could be so simpleminded as he is the question of these milkshakes, “I mean, is this not a restaurant?”
Jennifer had remained more or less silent throughout. She’s sitting on her own hands for some reason and yawns, looks around the room, smiles a lot and in general does her best to look unconcerned, for this is her own idea about downplaying the situation. At this interval, she makes one small plea, aimed ostensibly at the kids but designed to shut everyone up.
“Jack, Charles, Agnes, why don’t we swing through the ice cream stand on the way home, huh, how does that sound?” she says to them. She offers her most indulgent smile, lipsticked and radiant, for this has served her own cause well throughout the years in dealing with either adults or peers, and she sees no reason children should react any less favorably.
The look Benjamin shoots her in this instant is one of such magnitude, such withering hatred and sheer incomprehension as to why she would feel it her place to speak up in such a matter, that she carries this with her to this day as the primary catalyst that sent her packing. The look. The look, and the thought process behind it. He turns to her for the first and only time during this entire episode, and says, merely, “excuse me,” in a manner that suggests this will be her last words if she knows what’s good for her. Jennifer sinks down in her chair, absorbed in pondering her hammering heart and how all the blood in her body appears to have pooled somewhere down around her feet.
“Yes, sir, but you see, we maintain such a high standard here at Hathaway’s and our chefs dedicate so much time and energy to the preparation of our menu that we really cannot deviate-
Benjamin pounds one fist on the table with enough force to cause stationary silverware to bounce. Glasses rattle, and the kids and Jennifer are jarred significantly enough to take notice all over again.
“MY NAME IS BENJAMIN MURDOCH AND I WANT SOME GODDAMN MILKSHAKES!” he shouts.
Conversation skitters to a screeching halt throughout the restaurant, as well heeled retirees and bank executives - even those familiar with Benjamin, if only in a passing sense of recognizing him, and therefore aware of his propensity toward outbursts - sit in wide eyed open mouthed astonishment. Mostly, of course, it is the natural human inclination toward spectacle, rather than any true appraisal of the situation at hand, the people involved. Nonetheless, as the harried manager of this operation, Todd, does at last come sailing out of the kitchen, a short, balding fellow, black bags under his eyes and an actual moustache of the same shade, likewise the hair on his head in the oval where it remains, Jennifer finds herself turning red, she slides yet lower in the chair, as low as she can and still see over the table.
Benjamin’s reptilian gaze is unflinching, though he too is red in the face and ever so slightly shaking. But these latter traits stem not from awkwardness or embarrassment or any second thoughts questioning this tirade; on the contrary, she knows this side of him well, and it’s a genuine righteous indignation informing his every nerve right now.
The manager, Todd, returns about five minutes later with five milkshakes that were clearly, even at a great distance, of the distinct texture, color, and ingredient profile that they had to have come from the fast food restaurant next door. Tasting these merely confirms that they were purchased there abruptly, poured into glasses in Hathaway’s kitchen and brought out to this ungrateful bastard, who doesn’t even look at the help in the eyes as they arrive, who merely chomps at his steak and either stares straight ahead, or scrutinizes one of his children intently as he or she manages the proffered five star offerings.
Jennifer can’t decide if it’s more or less offensive, to the pitiable help forced to deal with this situation, for her to leave her own milkshake untouched. In the end, she reaches a compromise of two hearty sips. Far easier for her to determine is the future of this marriage, which she concludes, in the dead space that normal couples would fill with inane banter at the very least, is officially over.
Only her decision to seduce this man that night nearly two years prior, perhaps, had ever been clearer, and even then not necessarily. For everything crystallizes in this moment, and she sees what a joke she has become. None of this is hers, she owns nothing. It had seemed like the grandest and easiest lark in the world, the stuff of every girl’s dream, this life that to an outsider as she had been appeared like empowerment personified. Except she is not her own woman, she is merely another accessory in this creep’s war chest, as forgettable and replaceable as the rest. 
In divorcing him, then, she asks for and receives absolutely nothing. This is just the way that Jennifer wants it. People she knows or bumps into down the road who are familiar with her past will refuse to believe this, but it’s true. Not a car, not a stitch of clothing, not a penny. When Jennifer asks to move back home, the parental duo are permissive and semi-understanding, even if Jennifer’s mom does call her, curiously, a “spoiled twat,” for throwing away Murdoch’s money to come live in this basement again, even if her dad merely tugs at his own somewhat ridiculous moustache and peer at the floor and advise she might want to “rethink” this.
The rest falls into place with ridiculous ease. Looking back, it’s hard to imagine she had never entertained a conscious thought of anything else her future might involve - she hadn’t thought once about leaving Benjamin until that night with the milkshake episode, and of course, her plans for her twenties and beyond were murky at best before she met him. She supposes, however, that her inclination had always been toward action, and that this represented a strength even when taking into consideration the occasional abysmal speedbump. 
And so, well, fuck it, she will simply burn both ends and rebuild herself from scratch. She is nothing if not clever, and with the bad taste of buyer’s remorse in her mouth from the Murdoch debacle she has twice as much fuel. Her style was always to take whatever and claim it as her own, to pull everyone else on board - or not, but point being, a person could apparently throw whatever he or she cared to name her way, but if Jennifer Ladders was not the point of origin, then it just wouldn’t stick.
She had been gone for a summer, and in reclaiming her job at the pool her return is treated as amazing, unforeseeable. Enough time had passed in this simple minded small town. That and Belmont, at roughly a half hour to the east, was just close enough and just far enough away that she had morphed into an occasional rumor, the sort of person whose name came up often but was never seen, thus elevating her status into legend. In some hushed recitals this legend was more interesting than reality, some less so, though very few, interestingly, knew any true details about her marriage to Benjamin Murdoch.
Those that did found it either farfetched or idiotic - some wavered back and forth between both - that she had taken nothing from that man. Meanwhile, guys who had sweated her two and three summers earlier marvel up at her in the lifeguard chair with dumbstruck, disbelieving grins, their conversational game no less awkward and unconvincing than ever. Being gorgeous helps, yet this isn’t to say it makes everything a cakewalk in the manner most men always believed. In fact, one could argue her forceful determination to take cornrows and purple lipstick and camouflage cutoffs, say, and make this a lust inducing ensemble, to make this a look that rocked, one could argue this threw beauty to the wind precisely as she had that jackass’s money.
She socks her own cash away, she buys her own damn convertible, she takes an apartment with a couple other girls. As summer winds down she enrolls in a six week real estate course, evening classes, and is astounded at the ease with which she blows through this. The final exam is a bit of a mother but all it takes is staying home for about the last three nights leading up to it, cramming like hell at the kitchen table. Windows open and the living room stereo cranked, she sends her roommates off into the night with kisses and merriment, for this feels not like the onset of autumn, but rather some grand sendoff into womanhood. She sips at frozen cocktails and answers the phone when it rings but mostly just sits there, and when the day arrives she nails it.
Jennifer endures one lean winter working for an actual agency. The men in her life come and go, because this feels like her right, an entitlement bestowed by independence. She beds the only two attractive men who work from the same quote unquote office as she - in reality, a converted Victorian house right on Main Street - and one of these gents is single, the other not. Her opinion on this subject was well documented, but she honestly believes the phrase home wrecker always arrives on the scene of the crime a bit too late. The home was already wrecked if he’s straying, all she’s doing is speeding up the process. She knows the Jennifer Ladders charm is damn irresistible at times, but come on.
Spring arrives and somewhat predictably she chucks the agency in favor of starting up her own shoestring operation with little knowledge of how to do so. She cobbles together enough advice from various industry types to make it work, though, and she’s off to the races. Figuring that in no time at all she will prove the main attraction, plain yellow signs with black lettering bear only somewhat tongue in cheek witness that Queen Jennifer Realty is the new game in town. And fuck the suits, she wears tank tops and holey jeans most days. This also happens to represent a phase of long blonde tassels, straight, with pink highlights, which only further accentuates the image. And no employees.
In record time, by racking up sales and dabbling in her own first timid purchase, which leads to bigger and better house flipping, she is turning away potential clientele, she is literally erasing the answering machine tape without a listen most mornings first thing in the door. She takes out a life insurance policy on herself, to set up her somewhat dumbstruck parents in case of catastrophe, she is humming along and not yet twenty three, even.
Then all this crazy shit starts happening. Her first instinct is to go out and buy a gun. Sitting at the bar in a corner table with her horrified girl friends, she wrests little coherence and plenty of hysterical idiocy from their objections. Bottom line is, it’s a simple machine at the mercy of its user. Their arguments are akin to referring to a goddamn hammer as evil. These same girls who are off taking jujitsu classes and carrying mace and getting rah rah and vocal about cutting a rapist’s dick off in lieu of prison for some reason have a huge problem with her pistol in the nightstand. Idiotic. 
Jennifer doesn’t see how taking the passive route represents any moral victory. Be it a burglar or would be assailant or a government official or whoever. Common sense, in fact, would argue on the contrary. Someone crossed the threshold looking to menace her, they were going to get blasted, simple as that. To Jennifer, setting the gun aside, say, was akin to holding your arms out, willing yourself to be cuffed, if showed a basic lack of self respect.
Where her nights were formerly occupied with classes, now she’s a practitioner of that discipline by day, her evenings filled with getting toned at the gym and firing that pistol at the range. But none of what ultimately went down proved as cartoonish and simplistic as bad guys in masks storming into people’s houses and carting them off in broad daylight. Her girl friends, before they too began systematically disappearing, argued that guns created more violence, and that their presence in her house would turn Jennifer into some wild eyed monster looking to shoot her way out of every dilemma. But naturally, nothing like this ever transpired.
What Jennifer hadn’t counted on, however, as one by one virtually every person she knew began to vanish, was the complete helplessness she felt in her inability to correct any of this. She’d thought of herself as a forward thinking, proactive girl, but she had no more answers than anyone, she saw none of this coming. Believing she had the world by the balls up till then, it only made all of this worse. 
Night after night sitting alone on her bed, drinking herself into a stupor after all the driving and powwowing and telephoning in the world had failed to locate any loved ones, she plays with that gun, oh yeah. She twirls it in her fingers. But what mostly occupies her thoughts is not blowing someone’s head off - it’s sticking the barrel up underneath her own. 



“Rottweilers get a bad rap but they’re just really obedient,” Luke is telling them, seated in a line at this cool, dim, lunch counter, “if the owner is a dickhead and trains them to be mean, then that’s what they’re gonna be.”
“Absolutely,” Donna nods, peering out at them through the greasy spoon’s kitchen window, as she flips over some hashbrowns and adjusts her hat.
They’ve settled in for the night, though it is only late afternoon, in the northwestern Virginia town of Twinings. Another average, unremarkable, smaller-than-Middlefork village, with exactly one of about every corporate franchise establishment you’d expect, but no more. This particular outpost hand selected again by Steve with no thought of polling the others, the same way all their important decisions are made. 
They had followed the ship in a leisurely but insistent manner as it wound southeast through West Virginia. Across a mostly mountainous terrain they’d cloaked themselves beneath the cover of the trees, no closer than the focus of a good set of binoculars at any time. Finally, well past the state line where West is dropped from the name, the terrain gradually rolled downhill and smoothed out but became no less shrouded, as the barge rolled into Harrisonburg. Steve, with a general distrust of cities in the current state of affairs - particular after the near disaster in Huntington - found some high ground and hung back even further, checked out the scene through his long distance lenses and retreated twenty miles to bunker down and collect their thoughts.
None of which was to say Steve represents an overbearing ogre, an authoritarian. On the contrary, he seems almost completely disinterested in whether any of them are present or not even as he’s leading them into the fray. Conversationally involved on occasion and a receptive audience then, wearing, as he often does even when only listening nearby, a crooked smirk. His classic pose, say, binoculars up to his eyes as he snorts a curt laugh through his nose at what two or more of them are talking about, but offering not a word. Donna’s insistence on bringing the three stray dogs she found at the bed and breakfast along, for instance, to which everyone else felt sure he’d object, yet apparently bothered him not the least. Leading as it did to Donna rampaging through Twinings checking house after house for trapped pets and setting them free, a tender streak that in turn has brought more strays sniffing around, and led to the current topic.
“You know what I always wonder about, is do you think that after thousands of years of sitting in front of our televisions, and listening to us talk, and so on, do you think it’ll gradually make dogs smarter?” Scott questions.
The dogs and cats officially under Donna’s charge meander in and out of the open doorway, they meow without purpose, they pant despite the coolness of this spring afternoon and plentiful water laid out in bowls all over the place by their savior and her pals. The felines strut with menacing purpose across every available surface, as their canine counterparts either lay in lazy puddles throughout the room or else wag hopeful tails beneath the barstools and peer upwards with praying, pleading eyes.
Jennifer, spirits enlivened by her third beer of the short afternoon, laughs mid-slug and smacks Scott on the arm with the back of her left hand, as she’s setting the bottle down with her right. 
“Ha, not likely,” she says.
Steve, who’d been reading a sports page dated nearly a year ago, sets the paper down and closes his eyes, rubs them with a thumb and index finger. “No,” he says, then after a long pause, adds, “although...maybe if humans only bred the most intelligent dogs, it might eventually happen. But see, whereas in the past dogs were bred for some specific purpose....”
“Like hunting,” Luke throws out.
“Right, except nowadays, they’re mostly entirely bred for what you might call aesthetic reasons,” Steve says, “like golden retrievers, everyone knows those are complete dumbasses because they were inbred somewhere along the line.”
“Hey!” Donna protests from the kitchen.
“But...people think they’re cute, so that’s where we are.”



A high pitched squeak and a mild popping sound draw their attention to the end of the sporting goods aisle, where they witness James attempting to right himself after a near wipeout on his bicycle. Acquired right off the show room floor, if that is the right word, making good on his stated intention upon entering. Black as a stealth plane, unblemished and trumpeting the latest in twenty one speed auto shifting, in lightweight but damn near indestructible alloys, the five point star of its wheels.
“I can’t remember the last time I’ve been on a bicycle,” Eric says to Eldorado.
“Mmm,” Eldorado nods, “tell me about it. I kept meaning to take it back up there for the last few years, as a mode of transportation to and from work, so to speak, but never got around to it.”
“Well in my situation there would be, shall we say, a few gravitational and/or engineering issues with finding the right bicycle,” Eric cackles.
“Watching James nearly lose his ass right there reminds of just about the last news broadcast our local stations ever transmitted,” Eldorado says, “right before all this shit went down. I don’t know if you remember but at that time the state had just announced that every city bus in Ohio was going biodiesel.”
“Hmm...vaguely....”
“Right well anyway don’t ask me how A begets B but naturally this bus announcement leads to some drummed up 6 o’clock news hysteria that shows people being interviewed in front of their houses saying they will not give up their cars, goddammit, and then some spliced in old stock footage of a twelve lane traffic jam in L.A., then finally this, like, seventy year old man wobblin up the sidewalk on a bicycle. This was what our media had devolved into: sensationalist nonsense, disjointed reels. And this is coming from yours truly, a former war correspondent, mind you.”
“I like your asides,” Eric says, wheezing a mighty laugh that causes his whole midsection to jiggle, “they don’t always flow in a straight line, but I like ‘em.”
“Cincinnati, right?” James says with a pant. Done stunting for the moment on his new toy, he has streaked up to a halt before them, tilting his head in Eldorado’s direction.
“Yeah.”
“You too?” Eric says to James, “or you Middlefork? I’m sorry, but I haven’t figured out where you fit in all this.” 
“Cincinnati and Middlefork, actually. I was real good friends with Scott growing up.”
“Hmm,” Eric says. He shakes his head once and looks up, away from them, at some indefinable point down where the sporting goods aisle ends, “and see, I used to date Tracy James.”
“Oh yeah? Okay.”
“Yeah, man, I was bananas over that chick, too, I really was. Tracy absolutely rocked. The whole family, actually, they were really cool people but I don’t think the rest of them ever warmed up to me too much,” Eric concludes, and punctuates this admission with yet another chuckle, “don’t ask me why. I wasn’t any worse than the rest of the dudes she was dating, and possibly a smidgen better.”
“Yeah well anyway like I was sayin bout this bus business now, it ain’t like they had any facts on the news program about how much it was gonna cost, or how many people already rode the bus, or what kind of impact this was gonna have on the environment, or any of that. There wasn’t any mention of how the damn mayor’d been shown in this one clip in front of city hall a week earlier sayin they didn’t have the money to give the police force raises, and now he was sayin they had a surplus of money for rollin out these buses. Because what is that? Those are facts. Facts are boring. Instead, let’s go find the craziest hillbillies we can and stick them in front of a camera.”
“I’m sure there wasn’t any mention either of, hey, you voted these people in, but the bus thing, unfortunately, is not going to a vote,” Eric chortles, “sorry! There’s nothing you could do about this anyway!”
“Well, except, you know, like, go to the city council meetings and complain,” James, “or picket, or write letters, or, you know, become politically active themselves. Of course, it all starts with voting, if they’re not even gonna vote....”
“I never voted,” Eric admits, “accomplishes nothing.”
“Yeah, but voting at least gives you the right to bitch.”
“No, I have the right to bitch because I pay taxes. Paid taxes. Whatever.”
“Okay, fair enough. But if you actually expect to actively change something…”
“Well, safe to say there are plenty of ways to get your hands inside the political process without voting, believe me. I was about as involved as you could get, and nobody knew a thing.”
“What does that mean?”
“Tax money, mainly. Although I must admit I did send our wonderful governor and our fairly mindless representatives countless handcrafted emails complaining about this and that,” Eric recalls with a warm grin, “of course, I was pretty much blasted and sending these out at like 3am mostly, but that’s beside the point. They were actually well composed, too bad I never printed them out. I seem to recall using the word injustice a lot, stuff like that.”
“Look, all that is true and everything, but you guys are missing my point, now!” Eldorado labors onward, explaining, “the point being that there was never any actual outrage anymore about anything, there was only the masses sitting in front of their tv’s with reheated mac and cheese getting off on the idea of being outraged. They like being told that they are outraged, because they like getting up and going to work in the morning and talking about being outraged - in subdued voices, mind you, around the water cooler - they like to think of themselves that way. They like watching the news because the news makes them feel like they are the type of person who cares about this sort of thing.”
“Well if you were a war reporter, then this game should come as no great shock to you,” James says.
“Oh I know that push and pull, believe me. But it’s like, it used to always bug the shit outta me when I’d read somewhere about such and such rapper, or rock singer, oh, he’s such a revolutionary! because he’s got maybe some lyrics in there about the Iraq War or the government or carrying guns around or what have you, and it’s like, no, he’s singing about being a revolutionary, that’s totally different.”
“Yeah it’s kinda like people describing Barry White as a ladies man,” Eric jokes, “I always thought, my ass: you hear some big old fat sweaty black dude singing and talking all the time about all the pussy he’s getting, that means he’s probably not.”
“We always wanted it both ways, those of us in the media,” Eldorado continues, “shit went well, it was because we got the word out. Shit blew up, it was, hey, we don’t make this stuff happen, we just report it! But in reality, all the jibber jabber in the world doesn’t make or break anything. You could run a news special around the clock on whatever, it wouldn’t make it happen.”
“Yeah it’s kinda like how they’ve been saying for last thirty years that soccer was gonna take off here in the states,” Eric says.
“Must you have a damn joke for everything?” Eldorado says, having paused in the middle of what was going to be his next comment to make this one instead. James, meanwhile, fidgets with some tire pressure gauges, looks bored.
“Reflex. Sorry.”
“Look, all I’m saying is a certain percentage of the people want something, then it’s gonna happen. A certain percentage will like it, a certain percentage won’t, that’s just how it is. The rest is entertainment and noise.”
“All I know is my fat ass isn’t walking four blocks to catch a bus, nor is it riding a bicycle to work. Ever. That’s just how it is.”
“Exactly! That’s my point exactly! So some cat might get elected looking out for some of your interests, or none of them, or all of them. It’s called a representative democracy.”
“I try to explain that to my dad,” Eric says, “he’s always grousing about, oh, this is fucking bullshit, you kids have been outta school for going on twenty years but I’m still paying school taxes, because I own my home? Meanwhile those scumbag meth addicts across the street have five kids but rent their crappy apartment and therefore don’t pay a nickel! And I’m like, what do you want, dad? No law is ever going to make even half the people happy, deal with it. But no, it’s as though he expects the Horace Green Clause to be inserted into the Bill of Rights or something that he has to give everything the thumbs up.”
“Your dad’s name is Horace?” James says, incredulous.
“I don’t mind politicians doing what they’re elected to do, which is, look out for the special interests that voted you in in the first place,” Eldorado says, “at least that way you know every demographic is represented at least some of the time. These people talking about politicians should be neutral and what have you are living in a fantasy world, and that wouldn’t be any better anyhow. And anyway the way everyone thinks politics works flies in the place of common sense, this whole notion of buying votes: you got a million bucks to donate, you gonna give it to Jackass A who is strongly opposed to your idea, or you gonna give it to Numbnuts B who already feels the way you do? Which is more effective?”
“I need a backpack,” James says, and edges around them on his bicycle, disappears from sight. A long pause follows, as the two men standing catch their breath.
“Whew,” Eric chuckles at last, though with a slight sharpness around the sound’s corners, “was that a convoluted conversation or what?”
Eldorado’s face crinkles up now at least in a hearty cackle and he says, “that’s how it always is. That’s what used to bug the shit outta me about the movies, too, everything’d be all orderly and laid out nice.”



“We need to get somebody on the inside,” Steve muses, from the head of - as much as any seat could be, which is to say wherever he was sitting would be - the large round table where the five of them are seated.
As discussed before breaking up into different factions, they have returned to a hotel on one of Twining’s main drags, near the café where some of them enjoyed lunch. Like he had with every other decision at least up to this point, Steve hand picked this location after driving around town without consulting anyone. The rest just naturally fell in line. He does explain the thought process behind it as they are unloading their gear and picking rooms, that the horseshoe shaped arrangement, with each room letting out onto an exterior walkway, affords them maximum sightlines, particularly on the highest floor, the third. The tradeoff is that it makes them more susceptible in theory to being picked off from afar, but there are no other high buildings within range and anyway, they’re not vigilant enough the rest of the time to prevent such a thing, to make paranoia here all that logical. 
When it comes to this round table discussion in what apparently passed for a continental breakfast hall not so long ago, Steve solicits input for the first time. Of course, he really has no other choice - barking orders is clearly not to work with this bunch, just as he is clearly not going to be the one playing spy.
“Don’t look at me,” Luke laughs, and raises up both hands, “I don’t mean to be a pussy, but fuck that. I’ve gotten my taste.”
“I could do it,” Jennifer states simply, “although I think my talents are better used elsewhere.”
“And I would agree,” Steve says. He looks to his immediate left, considers Scott for a moment, offers a dismissive wave and says, “never mind.”
“Count me out,” Donna tells them, “I’m with you all to a certain extent but I’m not about to get my head blown off. Sorry, but that’s that.”
“Good,” Steve says, pausing for another slug of his coffee as he picks up one of his maps, “why don’t you stay here and play housekeeper for whoever else happens to roll through town, then.”
“Why don’t you do it?” she fires back.
“Yeah,” he chuckles icily, without looking up, “that’d really accomplish a lot. I can see it now. You’re all sitting here getting crocked, playing Hi Ho Cheerio, and I’m left out to dry. No thanks.”
“Fuck off,” she says, pushes away from the table and exits the room.
Four more drift in, passing her in the archway. Names represent still a mostly uncharted terrain, as though everyone is afraid to get too close for fear of what happened if tragedy rips a hole through them again.
“Still no sign of the others,” one such new arrival announces.
“What would that make it, ten of them?” Jennifer says.
“Something like that.”
“James told me they were going department store shopping,” Scott says, easily the first words he’s spoken in half an hour. Elbows on the table, he has puffed one cigarette after another, his light-sensitive glasses darkened owing to the brightness of these overhead lights.
“Hey Randy,” Steve says, “let me run something by you.....”



“We don’t need Steve’s approval for anything,” had been James’s rallying cry as they first began their march around town. One that began around noon and would ultimately prove fruitless for the prime commodity he’d had in mind: walkie talkies. 
James hadn’t mentioned it when the group had been whole, back at the hotel that afternoon, for fear of being shot down. The art of suggestion, there were politics to consider in this. Not just what you said or how you said it but the order in which certain arguments were presented, to whom and in what context. He had just casually mentioned, after they had already left the hotel and were beginning their long journey west across town, that they should pick up some walkie talkies. The comment took off on a life of its own.
Why they deemed it necessary to travel on foot was difficult to ascertain, though it seemed right at the time. Fresh air, maybe, and all that. But at a glance it was simple to see that while not a large town by any means, a proper canvas of it would eat up one entire day, possibly more. And anyway they had only a cursory knowledge of which stores might lie where. Yet while not even his suggestion, it was exactly the sort of meandering episode he had always entertained back home, and was therefore literally right up his alley.
“Fucked up,” one of the guys was saying, “I mean, how could they possibly confiscate every single walkie talkie in every single town? Or you think this town just happened to not have any?”
“Nooooo, it’s not like that,” says someone else, “they cut it off at the source, the manufacturer or the distributor or whatever. Just like they did with the other stuff except nobody noticed.” 
The others have apparently sensed that James is good with directions, or else they are also human compasses as well, because he has more or less led the way and no one has questioned any of the turns they’ve made. After combing through a number of potentially lucrative strip malls on Twinings’s western rim - and emerging with plenty of loot, though little, aside from James’s backpack and bicycle, that they had actually sought - he chooses the northern corridor at random, and they stumble onto a few promising but ultimately fruitless stores here. Now, night having long since fallen, and if he’s not mistaken they are bearing due south, bound for the town square just a few blocks east of their hotel. A few office and apartment buildings somewhere in the ten to twelve story range discolor the skyline ever so slightly down there, but they are unlit and for the most part of marginal use in navigating.
Because he is on wheels while most everyone else has chosen to walk, James has contented himself with running patterns up and down the sidewalk, making loops around the pack, and other such tactics to keep himself entertained without losing them. Curious even in these blighted times, Twinings has proven deserted, too - they recently passed two middle aged men, on a rickety porch in a residential area, smoking cigarettes and talking politics at high volume. They offered a quick wave but said nothing to the party, and seemed neither surprised nor interested in the group’s presence here. Such nonchalance even though these men represented the first people he and Eric and Eldorado and the others have seen in this town.
One of the two females in their bunch is holding aloft a lit sparkler she picked up at the last megastore, and one of the guys cranks jams on a shoulder mounted boombox. Steve would surely have a cow over any of these attention drawing devices, but James couldn’t care less, and isn’t concerned. As their radio toting compadre so boldly declared, have they really made it this far, survived through so much, only to reach a point where they are terrified of playing some music? As someone else has said, this place just feels empty. And of course, as James personally has felt here, too, in keeping with everywhere else, he always has this gut feeling that he will somehow skate around harm. 
Again, this talent, or whatever it is, is a naturally occurring one, and he’s forever afraid that to actively think about it will interfere with the process. Doubt and second guessing enter the picture, and create a circle of feedback that can never be resolved. And this isn’t to say he hasn’t sunk untold time and energy into the decisions in his life he’s considered major. But this sidestepping disaster, this is another matter altogether and one he has learned just to flow with.
As they wind down a long hill near the edge of downtown, his thoughts move into the funhouse mirror recesses of thinking about thinking about thinking. Like how random and small the percentage is of a person’s life that he or she has dedicated to analyzing any problem, however great. War generals have bombed cities following a few fifteen minute panels on the subject. Presidents have drafted tremendous, sweeping policy in roughly the same amount of time. And yes, the average person buys houses or has children after one or two quick chats with a spouse. 
He believes that pretty much everyone has only a few really good ideas in a lifetime, and basic viewpoints are essentially etched in stone. If it doesn’t occur to you the first handful of occasions you muse your quandary, then it isn’t going to come to you at all. That, and the mind has a stunning ability to glide on past pretty much whatever it likes, to summarize a situation and cordon off its shock value posthaste before moving forward - these are both different angles of the same slippery rock, the limited scope of that pebble lodged inside their heads. A situation like that business with Dr. Logan, which James had not even been present for, he had only witnessed the aftermath, and though vivid enough, his thoughts had scarcely returned there. He’d guess the same went for Eric and the other three who had to step through it, as they had mentioned it very little and probably fretted over it not a whole lot more.
“I mean, how would they know to strip out the back rooms of these department stores even?” one of the guys is saying, “I seriously doubt General whatshisname ever worked nightstock at City Mart.”
“No shit,” another guy chuckles, “I forgot about those damn walkie talkies till you just said that, and I used to pull night stock there. Eighteen, nineteen.”
“Oh yeah, right here,” Eric says, raises his hand, “who else? And remember how half the time the drive thru intercom from, like, the Beef Manor across the street would cut in and interfere with what you were saying? Couldn’t make out what they were saying, it was just static, gibberish really, but still....”
James had been weaving his front tire in and out ahead of the pack, just fast enough to avoid crashing via inertia. Eric’s comments reach his ears and both eyes fling wide open, as he slams to a halt with such force he nearly topples. Could be wrong, but he thinks he’s just had one of those great ideas that comes along only once or twice an eternity.



In order to avoid being shot by sentries Steve had surely posted somewhere near the front of the hotel - Steve and Jennifer, actually, as it turns out - the group shout out obscenities from a few blocks away on in, directed at specific targets within, leaving no doubt as to the identity of this small approaching mass. Rifle aimed skyward, Driscoll merely stands in the front lawn smoking a rare cigarette and shaking his head as they walk past, then follows them in, his curiosity stoked by the mass of gear they’d accumulated near the tail end of their hike. Jennifer, seated and leaning against a rail up on the second floor, remains where she is.
In the end, they had raided and yanked out the intercoms and wiring, went in and stolen the headsets, from a Sandwich Time, a Starch Palace, a Burrito Hacienda and, yes, a Beef Manor they’d encountered in their travels. James knew Scott was pretty much viewed by the others as a hotrod obsessed waste-oid, but he actually had a knack for electronics and if he couldn’t make sense of this tangle of cords, then surely one of the others could. Nineteen strong, someone could figure this out. 
Wires heaped upon all four of the wide round conference tables this breakfast room offers, spilling onto the floor, they piecemeal out this problem and Steve even stands nodding, lips pursed with something of a proud, amused, caught off guard smirk. Of course, his gears were always churning forever forward on more than one level, and he doesn’t stand still very long before calling out his latest grand pronouncement. Randy had agreed to operate as their man on the inside, they had only to find a way to get him there.
Eldorado is standing in the back of the room, helping a handful of others sift through this dizzying clump of cables. He hears Steve making his speech, and along with every other eye in the room his shift to Randy, at which instant something in his head just clicks. He hadn’t stumbled upon the idea in any form until right now, until this announcement is made, despite all the talk about his experience; and yet at this instant, there is no question of what has to transpire. 
“Oh no, huh uh, I won’t hear of it,” Eldorado says, and to a person every head turns his way, including that of an obviously very queasy and relieved Randy, “it ain’t him. I got experience in these matters, I’m gonna be your man.”




Eldorado McKay




“Most Americans,” his editor, the estimable Bernard Weldon, is telling Eldorado on the day he is half appointed, half volunteers, to be shipped overseas, “tend to overestimate their uniqueness. They think you take their favorite tv show and their favorite color and their favorite....hell, I don’t know, favorite ice cream flavor...and that somehow this information makes them fascinating. Whereas in fact when your average foreigner meets us Americans, he tends to find us closeminded and dull. Not the least bit interesting.”
“Sir?”
“What I mean to say Eldorado is you have a very peculiar viewpoint. Everyone else on the board thinks I’m bananas, but I want you to be my eyes and ears oversees. Our eyes and ears. The conflict there in the Middle East.”
And so it began. In an age when readership was on a decline and major media conglomerates owned virtually every newspaper, when universities were killing off their lauded, centuries longstanding literary journals, when you couldn’t pry your way into an op-ed column without a crowbar and a raft full of credentials, Eldorado had somehow ascended this vertical maze into a prominent post with The Cincinnati Mirror. 
That a board even exists on the paper is itself a recent concession, a sign that the old man’s grasp on matters is not what it once was; that the old man is still in the picture, and remains its majority owner, however, is the only reason Eldorado still has his job. So when Bernard Weldon comes to Eldorado with this proposition, he, who began his long and unlikely tenure here two-thirds of his life ago, at the age of fifteen playing bicycle delivery boy, he is not one to say no. In his time he had elevated himself to freelance photographer, mail room clerk, van driver, sports reporter, and for a short while even had his own op-ed column before stuffier shirts presided and decided that this was maybe not such a hot idea. Years where he’d had his own desk interspersed with those where he did not. 
In the past couple of years leading up to this meeting, he had fallen down into some weird vague crack in the sidewalk where he chipped in dozens of pieces a year, on a wide variety of subjects, each of them handed personally to Mr. Weldon himself. The old man would nod thoughtfully, staring down at the piece, and look up at Eldorado, muttering a guttural thanks. Of these maybe three or four would see light of day. At times he would occasionally kill the better part of an afternoon at Mr. Weldon’s request, sitting on a couch in the old man’s office listening to him talk. Somehow through it all Eldorado has long since - by eleven years, if his math is correct - outlasted everyone else who was here when he started except the owner himself. His current post, for all intents, is sifting through the daily AP wire for any relevant pieces, in much the same manner that a television weatherman receives his scripted forecast. 
With the insight this position has given him, he’s all too aware at how odd a request it is that they send him overseas at all. Certainly no other midsized market paper in the country is dispatching an on the scene reporter to the war. Virtually all of them, from the Mirror on down the food chain, are regurgitating the same Associated Press pieces for the majority of their content, a practice that even some of the bigger fish were adopting. He knew that “peculiar viewpoint” or not, budget cuts and not quality were the real culprits behind the near total elimination of his contributions. Vice President Douglas Crony had made a number of typically smug comments deriding the media’s coverage of the war, terming it a “problem” that needed “managed,” yet giving the muzzled American reportage this much credit was a farce. As if there weren’t just a handful of major media conglomerates at this point, and its owners weren’t all cozy bedfellows with one of the two big business/big government political parties who administered this mess. 
But the old man had a maverick streak, and who knows, maybe he saw this as his one last defiant, patriotic act. At any rate nobody could tell him no. He had a few connections left with some larger papers back east, and off Eldorado went.
Long gone was the era of, say, Walter Cronkite playing tailgunner in a plane over Europe during a war he was also covering. For the most part, journalists were kept at considerable remove from any real action. Yet the occasional pissed off sergeant, frustrated by the complete ineptitude of President Bristling’s offensive, found it great fun to allow a reporter as much access as he or she could stomach. Fortunately for Eldorado, he landed in and was able to mine just such a mother lode.
Teresa, naturally, went through the roof. She couldn’t understand why he was so adamant about doing this, particularly as there was no significant pay hike involved. Eldorado had always dug the semi-notoriety involved with his small scrap of writing the paper, and that was a huge part of this assignment’s appeal. But he also liked to think of himself as a little more than just your average jackass, and if he was going to spout off in pages about  the war and the government, then to ease off the throttle now and decline this post seemed hypocritical. Besides, who wouldn’t want to travel overseas on someone else’s dime, and when would an opportunity as rich as this ever present itself again? If he’d have known from the beginning that he would essentially report from the front lines, his eagerness might have subsided, but one step led to another and there he was.
Anyway, Teresa had gotten over some prior absences, just as she would get over this one. At this juncture in their marriage she couldn’t resist throwing their two children in his face, and what this time away meant. She also made frequent comparisons between this assignment and his days as a gambler. Except that rather than forcing him to reconsider Weldon’s request, this constant reminder of the long nights he used to spend in the poker rooms both before they were married and in the first few years after only made him long for such an adrenaline rush again.  
Stationed in Iraq, which represented the primary leg of this murky intrusion, Sergeant Jack Yarbrough had survived a handful of campaigns elsewhere and knew how a smooth one was supposed to run. Here, they were often waiting on supplies for so long he was enjoying better luck having his parents send them from their hardware store in Ypsilanti, Michigan. 
Eldorado had gone to great lengths to stress whenever he had the chance in the Mirror that he was neither for nor against war in general, both before and after he learns he’s being shipped over here. Yet it doesn’t take a genius to recognize - though the American people are often too distracted and busy with their own lives to recall, which Bristling and Crony leverage to their advantage mightily - that the stated reasons for being over there gradually shifted over time, and had been misguided to begin with. Going after Hussein’s head for the twin towers attack, which was like ordering John “Dum Dum” Bristling’s head on a platter because some Hell’s Angels had come to your country and blew up a few things. 
And so this intrepid reporter had caught some flak for such a stance, on the occasions a piece found its way into the paper, but that was part and parcel of splashing your opinions out there, and anyway he saw just as much heat for the counterpoint. Stating that in its first 200 years, US foreign policy had been relatively evenhanded and benign, all things considered. Of course there were the unfortunate internal episodes involving civil wars and slaves and Native Americans, but when it came to mucking around elsewhere, our military and our governing bodies had mostly been justified, had mostly performed well. Two hundred years of goodwill slowly established, all of which was wiped out in short order by a couple of shady knuckleheads, via one masterful stroke after the next. Culminating in Bristling’s truly awesome idea of hosting a party and a press conference on an aircraft carrier, and, with every major media outlet in the universe on board, standing in front of a red, white and blue banner proclaiming JOB WELL DONE! about six months into this disaster, at which point the potential for juicy storylines became too ripe for even this Cincinnati paper to resist. 
They had coasted downhill on bicycles every morning, he and the friend who first introduced him to the joys of having a paper route, Samuel Larkins. At fifteen they had sailed downhill to the Mirror headquarters every morning to collect these papers, they had ascended the crooked streets back up to their neighborhood to drop them off. By this alone, Eldorado first developed the athlete’s physique he would more or less maintain his entire adult life, years as an all night gambler included. At seventeen this same friend would introduce him to the backrooms downtown where the sharply dressed, high rolling black gentlemen who ran the card games would come to dominate his life as no other force had.
For this was the maddening aspect of cards that ate up so many lives, Eldorado’s included. The worst gamblers in the world still walked home a winner one night out of ten, and this was somehow just the golden ratio that insured they kept coming around. He blew through his twenties in a blur of heavy losses and brandy and cigars. Nobody could say he didn’t enjoy himself tremendously doing so, however, even in the face of such staggering sums dropped, even while cursing himself often along the lonely four or five or six a.m. walk home through the hilly loops of downtown Cincy. For he always walked, not trusting himself behind the wheel following this damn near nightly routine. He always walked alone and he remained in good spirits mostly, win or lose - and the brandy surely assisted in this - though the occasional early morning would present itself, almost like a slap to the face, where at some moment during this long isolated saunter home, the giddiness would go away, replaced by an unease akin to seasickness. Not at the money gone, but at the sudden realization of what a ridiculous buffoon these gentlemen surely considered him, without a doubt laughing themselves red every night when he left that parlor on the backside of Second Federal Bank. 
These were the men who sipped bourbon or scotch or even his beloved brandy all night without ever seeming to get drunk. Who maintained even dispositions regardless of what went down on any given night, though common sense would seem to indicate no more than thirty percent of them could have been lifetime winners. Men who wore impossibly crisp suits in shades of orange or even purple that no man black or white should have ever been able to pull off, except they did, men with their fedoras and watches and well trimmed moustaches. Shoes polished with such shine that perhaps this was how they gained an edge, Eldorado would speculate in jest with only the tiniest smidgen of relief come many a drunken sunrise, feeling that just maybe they could actually see a reflection somewhere on those polished patent leather surfaces. All done in the name of a smoky club that implicitly barred women unless she cared to serve drinks, feeling that a card player at all times should look and act the part.
Teresa had first come to his attention as a receptionist in the lobby clear down on the paper’s ground floor. In his early thirties at the time, Eldorado had slacked off on the all night sessions to some extent merely as a stamina issue, for his body could no longer withstand the two hour naps, so to speak, that separated these nights and his bloodshot mornings at the paper. She was a light skinned black, or, rather, half black and half Latino, and sharp as a stickpin - this coming too at a moment in his life where Eldorado could still pull the ladies, for he always had, when he turned his mind to it, though he had no real theory why this was. He was smart and funny and dressed well, he was aware that he had some viewpoints on life and a manner of presenting these that left some folks scratching their heads, and more often than not if he really worked at a girl she fell into his circle of charm. Except maybe he was too flaky or maybe the girls were, and somehow it wasn’t until Teresa came along that he recognized any real challenge to his bachelorhood. Somehow she was the one who would not tolerate his shit, who held her ground and threw everything right back at him, and he was smitten.
Eldorado had always grounded himself in serious study. He had no problem switching these mindsets on and off. On the job he never experienced the least bit of difficulty slumping into the fifth floor break room bleary eyed, grabbing a cup of coffee and sitting down to crank out a piece railing against the Patriot Act. With Teresa slowly corralling him and the inevitable effects of age, those card games did still eat up a significant portion of his salary - he had not a penny to show now for fifteen years with the company, not a 401(K), not a health plan - but at least he no longer had to hassle his perpetually mystified parents for cash. His efforts to continually assure them that journalists didn’t make much money, certainly not in Cincinnati, these were essentially successful, but the truth was a decade and a half of sheer idiocy lied at the feet of his shabby apartment, in a basement of a rotting complex a couple dozen blocks from work. His lack of an automobile, or for that matter his never having gotten around to obtaining a driver’s license - all those episodes driving a company van to various news scoops, and nobody thought to ask.
But gradually these nights faded away like another empty pocketed sunrise. For awhile he had juggled both and yet regular sex, the almighty elixir, kept him sprawled naked more often than not in the king sized waterbed of her uptown loft, during the hours he would otherwise be dropping his paycheck. She had a thing for living on the top floor. When the inevitable happened, given his extensive history of paying not a whit of attention to such trifling matters as birth control, that Teresa became with child, they combined their resources by having him move in. Marriage talk had begun to rear its head.
He could pinpoint with certainty the last time he ever set room in that backroom for cards. Though attending these informal but standing-invitation-only games for more than a decade, this would etch a sore spot in his memory as one of his all time worst - and to think that he has distinct memories of believing, as he caught the fresh air of a late blooming spring walking there that evening, that somehow if he completely crushed the fellows on this particular occasion and then, say, the next five or six as well, that it would somehow obliterate the river of red ink he’d bled into that place. Reality was, it would take nearly a decade of winning nights. And this would not transpire as one of them, though its permanence in his memory has little to do with pluses or minuses. 
“Apoptosis, Eldorado,” one of the smug regulars had said to him in the near dawn hours, at the end of this brutal session. Fifty five-ish, a dapper black gent who’d apparently once been a surgeon, he compulsively wore this brown leather fedora and answered to Lester Finebrook, a name as preposterous as it apparently was correct. The last of the cards had been dealt - due as always to waning interest, due to depleted stamina and/or resources, rather than any preset timetable - and only a few remained on hand. Charles and Barbara and Gertie were cleaning up the cards and chips and discarded drinks containers, the empty takeout boxes, as they always did. Lester and Eldorado alone remained seated sipping their beloved brandy.
“Huh?”
“Apoptosis, Eldorado,” Lester repeated, tapping his temple with one long, crooked index finger as the green eyes behind those gold rimmed glasses extended a friendly yet pointed smile, “you’ve got it, that much is for certain. Trust me, I know all of the signs - extensive cell degeneration, brought on by a long history of excessive alcohol consumption. Commonly known as wet brain...”
“Oh, come on, now!” Eldorado countered with a dismissive wave. 
“Mmm hmm,” Lester smiled again at him, this time over the rim of a glass as he dipped slightly for a drink, “tell me, have you ever stopped to figure how much they’ve gotten you for, here? Just some friendly advice, mind you. Maybe cards isn’t your game.”

Eldorado continued to dismiss what the old man was saying, though the dude certainly had his attention. Until then leaning back in his chair, he now sat up, against the table, he fidgeted, eyes darting about the room, he could not get comfortable. It didn’t matter that the disgraced - or so legend had it - Dr. Finebrook here was one of the regulars who had “gotten” him on a routine basis, nor that Lester seemed every bit as perpetually soused at this affairs as he, if not more. Alarms were buzzing like insects in his brain, he had to move. He tucked the remainder of his bottle in his jacket and he split with only the most rudimentary farewell nod.
All merely a precursor to the long stagger home. He thinks back now, through the long range filter of years, at how so much of our memory merely completes a closed circuit loop. Internal, all of it. We often do not recall specific events, we recall our analysis of the event a short while after it happened. Eldorado doesn’t remember so much the conversation with Lester and the disastrous night of cards - one third of his entire take home pay, this is the figure he had settled upon at one point, this is how much he had lost there through the years, and this evening’s debacle merely hewed to that ratio. No, what he recalls is processing the events that morning as he stumbled back to his and Teresa’s place. 
Bathed in predawn’s purple shadow, he continues tilting the bottle even as demons swirl at the edges of them. He slinks against the brick buildings for support, sliding sideways with his eyes, he’s well aware, bugged out in terror. The word Lester hissed has become lodged in his brain, but it burns, like a test tube acid, particularly the sibilant tail, apoptosis, it hisses, too, like a snake, and speaking of serpents Dr. Finebrook begins to resemble one as well the further into this brandy bottle he sinks. As he’s positive in this hallucinogenic drunken state that the kind ol’ doc is right, that his brain is literally dissolving in a pool of alcohol, into the stew the anxiety of marriage is thrown, along with his impending fatherhood, and it makes for one of the worst intoxications of his life, not to mention a miserable hangover that stretches the next day and a half: in a career built on such shenanigans, it’s one of the few times he actually called off.
By the clear light of day, head pounding and all, he actually began chuckling to himself as he lay in bed, to think of those early morning boogeymen so vividly haunting his vision. The doctor was a crakpot. He’d drunk his own self out of a license, so the story went. Eldorado was one hell of a reporter and a good man to boot - he and Teresa would run off and get married soon enough - but on one account only Lester could have been correct: cards weren’t Eldorado’s game, and he never set foot in that place or any other like it again.
When he broke the news to Teresa, five years and two children into their marriage, that he was accepting this assignment overseas, she went berserk. She slammed doors and threw things. Red in the face with her left hand held open before him like a claw - this became her classic pose. Teresa screaming that this was an incredibly selfish act on his part, that he had no regard for his family. And when he countered with the usual arguments about the vitality of journalism, and this being work that someone had to accept, she remained equally unmoved.
“What if I volunteered to fight, then, baby? Would that be selfish, too?” he demanded during one such heated discussion.
“That’s different. And you better not,” she replied, shooing the kids into the master bedroom with her as if his attitude were some sort of viral threat. And then a slam of the door between them. Conversation over.
Truth was, he never could entirely convince himself that his decision had been just. Try as he might to come up with a bulletproof reason why a married man with children absolutely had to bounce overseas and cover some war, he could not find any. Maybe this was a game suited strictly for the college set, single twenty-two year olds with no other outstanding obligations anywhere. And who was to say this wouldn’t turn out to be another Vietnam, a fight that would ultimately have no direct impact on any American’s life outside of our government’s insistence on involvement. But didn’t everyone have somebody who would mourn his absence, and while not of equal importance and scope as picking up an assault rifle in the name of defense, covering a war held merit and honor all its own.
Sergeant Yarbrough was what Eldorado liked to think of as a disciplined maniac, and in fact referred to him as such - in somewhat glowing terms, it was true - in one of his first dispatches from the front. In short, his and his men’s responsibility were to govern one small half mile stretch of deserted road northwest of Baghdad. There was an airport under American military control in one direction and the city itself in another, and while occasionally their defense of this road meant chaperoning certain parties from point A to point B, essentially it meant a whole lot of laying around in bunkers with the exceptionally rare offensive launched at any vehicle Yarbrough deemed suspicious. 
Some of his tactics made the word brash seem a gross, inadequate understatement, the manner in which he’d often pile his boys in a vehicle and confront the party in question directly, when simply laying back with binoculars and if need be their weapons would surely do the trick. But though two of his soldiers had wound up with shrapnel in their arms and they’d suffered one casualty, these were fairly stellar results, all things considered, and this tedium of the endless road surveillance had certainly afforded him a casual, backhanded knowledge of the surroundings that Eldorado and his many readers probably didn’t even need to think about. Something was awry, you investigated without a second thought, and much of what looked offhand was merely muscle memory.
Eldorado spent one afternoon riding from this half mile stretch into Baghdad itself inside a tank with three other men. He could summon up at will at least a half different episodes where bullets went whizzing over the bunker they were lounging safely in, and explosions were commonplace - more often at some indeterminate point in the distance, but a handful of episodes involved mines and bombs planted along their stretch of road. Yet if he had to summarize the danger level of his experience, it hadn’t seemed terribly hostile at any point. It was all run with the efficiency of business. Things could go haywire, and there was no telling what kind of burr the higher ups would develop up their ass, but the day to day machinations here on the field were rote assignments carried out like clockwork.
He never had a chance to expound at a family cookout back home, or over beers with some buddies, his experience as a correspondent. His only outlet was this paper, and he poured everything into it while there. As such, his stance was somewhat skewed by honesty. Eldorado never would have guessed that being here would in many aspects make him feel more detached from the war, because he was losing any kind of blanket perspective of what was going on elsewhere. 
They have internet back in the barracks but concentration is an issue, even during the mostly silent nighttime hours when Eldorado could theoretically have been researching news. Al Jazeera flickers continually from half the mounted televisions scattered throughout their compound, and though providing a far more balanced outlook on this war they’ve dug themselves into, entire stories he should have caught pass him by completely. Like how a large group of Nigerian women had actually organized themselves with such force that they were able to shut down nearly half of that country’s oil production pipeline – protesting, among other things, that these lines had been forced by a corrupt government directly across their farmland. President Bristling, who would seem to have no apparent stake in this dispute, flies in not on a peace seeking mission but to play hard ball. US Armed forces are deployed. 
Eldorado’s fairly certain coverage of this catastrophe was slim if not nonexistent back home, but he’d long since stopped relying on the major networks for his news anyway. Back home, however, he at least had the structure for concentration in place; here, as he suspected was true of all conflicts, there were only two modes, one of extreme boredom and one of extreme terror, and in either instance it made focusing on his work impossible. Yet thinking of these matters, of the newspaper office and family, it only served to worsen his experience. He realized soon enough that this assignment was a half baked one in many respects, and that he should have expected as much considering the source – had he really expected Bernard Weldon and the freaking Cincinnati Mirror to rate first class in reportage opportunities?
Still, it was a miracle he’d been given this chance at all, and he made the most that could be from it. Tried piecing together some coherent narrative about what was going on here in relation to the bigger picture. And in so doing, his attitude on the nature of his work underwent slight alterations. As the suicide bombs and renegade armies became gradually less and less of a force in Baghdad, Eldorado determined that Bristling and Crony had been ten percent correct in waging this war, and likely only accidentally at that. They had lied to the American people relentlessly, changing their story often, all in the name of confusing everyone and obscuring how this conflict had a hell of a lot more to do with oil profits than anything else. That Crony’s original employer back in the 70s was given exclusive rights to drill in this terrain. Still, when Eldorado had first been assigned here, Iraqi children couldn’t walk to school without legitimate fears of being shot. By the time he left, they could. Complimenting the smirking jackass president and his crooked sidekick for this was possibly akin to praising a bank robber for tipping waitresses better in the wake of his heist. Still, it was something, one not insignificant reason this Middle East excursion avoided being a complete debacle.
Eldorado pictured a brave return home to his loving family. Some celebratory beers with a few buddies at the bar, as he regaled them with stories of his duty here. Except none of this ever happened. In retrospect, it became obvious to him that a few weeks later, a few months tops, and he would have been securing his own way home. Because while the checks were still deposited every other Thursday into his checking account, corresponding with someone at the paper had become next to impossible. He couldn’t even have the satisfaction of seeing his work in print, because the Mirror website existed in theory only, and there were no copies to be had in Baghdad, to say the least. When he could reach someone at the paper, there were hints of some kind of trouble back home, though the secretary or beat writer or comics page editor or whoever it was he had the great fortune to reach – never Weldon nor anyone else who could comment directly on his situation here – that person would never specify what, exactly, was happening back home. All small potatoes compared to his dealings with Teresa, however, who had inexplicably stopped answering the phone, stopped responding to his emails.
Eventually he was flown back with a number of troops whose time overseas had ended. The paychecks had stopped arriving in his account a number of weeks earlier, his stipend was nearly depleted. Teresa and the kids were on his mind incessantly the whole flight home. His first sign that something was awry occurred in the Newark airport, a layover that felt surreal for its near total lack of fellow travelers surrounding him, on the benches and in the terminals there. Then the connecting flight to a Cincinnati he barely knew, due not to an earthquake or tornado or for that matter a meteorite, as there had been no structural damage. Merely a near total lack of people. 
He supposed that his eventual arrest for disturbing the peace was inevitable, given the combustible forces of anger and alcohol that were bound to combine eventually. A night out drinking with the only two fellows he could still track down, who were still showing up every day to the paper and going through the motions, though there was no printed output any longer. They talked of keeping the Mirror going through a website, and were posting blogs daily on everything that was of interest to them. At least until the internet went down, their last viable connection to the outside world. 
It would be easy to say the government feared them as reporters, except that there was nothing to fear. Still, it seemed they were destined to take a fall that night, as if the city’s finest had eyes upon them. Walking through the deserted downtown streets of Cincy, grief palpable where it swelled in their throats as they brown bagged liquor one of the guys had hoarded for just such an occasion at his house. Eldorado mentioned Iraq not once, nor did he invoke Teresa or the kids, for fear of losing control completely.
Of course, when the cops came for them, Eldorado was standing on the roof of a parked car screaming lord knows what into the night. His buddies gathered below, as the trio of police vehicles seemed to materialize out of nowhere. But his rage was understandable, given the circumstances, whether he vocalized their disappearances or not.
Coming home from Iraq, he had taken a taxi back to the apartment and found it unlocked. No letters, no sign of disturbance, nothing obvious missing and no hint of where they’d gone. And that was as the saying went the hardest aspect to deal with, the not knowing – any outcome, however grisly, he could handle better, he felt, than this. And then on his way out the door one last time, as he was never again able to sleep there, or even so much as set foot in the place, that goddamn fedora: of course he could never be certain, and couldn’t imagine what that crazy fucker would possibly have to do with any of this. But it sure looked like Lester Finebrook’s hat, hanging on that door. 



“Listen here!” Steve is barking to the assembled nineteen, mostly spellbound as their leader speaks, as they dutifully absorb every word, “there is to be no communication with Eldorado while he is on the inside, unless he has given the all clear. Is this understood? He can transmit to us, but unless requested, we cannot transmit to him. Got it?”
James considers Driscoll’s choice of words interesting. That he has chosen to speak of when this even will transpire, whether than if. But Steve doesn’t strike him as the forced sunny outlook type, and this is good: he isn’t speaking as such because he’s making a conscious effort to remain upbeat. Steve is speaking as such because he actually expects it to happen. And in James’s experience, these people make the best leaders - all the think-positive mumbo jumbo in the world can’t mold you into the type of person who counts upon delivering the goods as a matter of course, and then really does deliver.
This speech had taken place some two hours earlier, in the abandoned warehouse, twenty miles northwest of Richmond, where they‘ve been holed up for the past week. While they slept that night in Twinings, the barge had slipped out and made its way to the historic downtown here, where it’s been parked ever since. As the Ohio River had led them to the Kanawha which poured into the New which in turn became the aptly named James River here in Virginia, that ship had maintained a fairly constant, impetuous clip. Thus the standstill presented by its residency here puzzles the resistance, though they’ve kept a watchful eye throughout. Spying via binoculars from a nearby high-rise rooftop, Steve and some of the others have witnessed countless vans and trucks arrive, again unloading mysterious, unmarked crates before disembarking again. 
At present, James and Eric and Scott are sitting on a grassy incline on the west side of town, awaiting Steve’s instructions. Nobody is quite sure how this will work, or if such things even matter anymore. Yet this had been James’s idea, and everyone else more or less rallied around it: below them sits a branch office of First Trust United Savings and Loan. In the name of creating a diversion, the three of them intend to break into it.
“Haven’t you always wanted to do something like this?” James poses, “I mean seriously, think about it. Just pick up a fucking rock and chuck it through a plate glass window at your bank.”
“I really was crazy about her,” Eric is telling Scott, ignoring James completely, “it’s important to me that you understand this. Now I know that the rest of the family and maybe you included thinks of me....or thought of me....or Jesus Christ, whatever, that I was a complete jackass, but I really don’t think anyone gave me a fair shake.”
“Yeah, I mean, really, I don’t know,” Scott shrugs.
“History class was always interesting, but a lot of it seems abstract until you visit a place,” James notes, visually sweeping their surroundings.
Jennifer is their marksman, lying in wait atop the roof of a hardware store across the street. Should anything go awry, she is here to pick off the unwanted. Meanwhile, behind the wheel of a Marty’s Carpets van on the curbside below, Donna sits facing the opposite direction, ready to fire up the ignition and floor it as their getaway driver. 
James is aware that, with the possible exception of Jennifer, Steve considers them something between worthless dead weight and functional but disposable pawns. Even she, Driscoll likely sees her as merely a necessary tool for the deployment of this strategy. Yet if they didn’t believe in the cause they wouldn’t be here - they are bound by nothing else -and if Driscoll is the one guy who can vocalize the argument and pull them all together, so be it. Besides, James is fairly certain Steve would be the first guy in the firing line standing up to either take aim or take a bullet, and this commands a lot of respect. He isn’t some field marshal barking orders from great remove. 
“Dammit, dude, I was good to Tracy, I was good for Tracy,” Eric continues, “I wasn’t like the rest of these douche bags chasing her around just because she was hot. I mean, what the fuck, the guy she eventually ended up with? All those other like, nineteen year old nimrods driving around in their mom and dad’s convertible? Come on!”
“Well, I mean, really, I know what you’re saying, yeah,” Scott shrugs.
“I didn’t realize until I was at the library earlier today that Benedict Arnold burned this city with the British, or that this is where Patrick Henry gave his famous speech. I always thought it was up in Boston or some shit.”
They feel their entire nineteen man crew has snuck in silence, carefully assembling this strike, but the tension of not knowing what the other side is up to ever weighs heavily on them all. Skirting Richmond to set up shop here at this randomly chosen bank on the west side – while Steve and the others wait patiently with binoculars downtown, and all the while communication an issue, with no guarantee any link in this flimsily connected chain won’t break, thus compromising the entire mission. Should this fail they cannot hit the reset button, for in some measure their cover is permanently blown in defeat. 
“Orion’s belt,” Scott notes, pointing directly ahead them to the sky.
“Good eye. I have trouble even picking out one of the fucking Dippers,” Eric chuckles, “North Star, you name it.”
“That’s the only one I know,” Scott says, “James here is the big astrology expert.”
“Hardly,” James says, “I’ve studied the science of outer space quite a bit, but I’m horrible at picking out constellations.”
“Yeah, I guess it’s not that interesting,” Scott sighs.
“Well, I wouldn’t say that. I’d like to know that stuff, I just don’t.”
“Ah, a chink in the scholar’s armor!” Eric teases.
“The scholar?”
“Scott has filled me in a bit. People talk, you know.”
“Exactly. People talk,” Scott says, “so if you’re wondering why my parents.”



Steve stands on the office building’s rooftop, seven stories high, at the water’s edge uptown. Hooding his eyes beneath the binoculars only when absolutely necessary  because you lose in broad perspective what you make up in detail  he feels the tightness in the throat one endures whenever anticipation intersects a high risk venture such as this. In many ways, the naked pulse of reflex action has no such burden, is almost preferable. At least when blindsided, you just act, the true self switches to autopilot and functions at its best. 
Instead, this rundown of everything that can go haywire. The dummy squad car they researched so meticulously and sculpted in flawless fashion, the staged break in crew on the west side of town, another crew ready to go in similar fashion on the east, Jennifer and Luke and himself perched above, rifles ready, as the absolute last resort, respectively, at the other two sites and here  yeah, they’ve done their homework. But he has no experience in leading people, nor has he necessarily set out to do so with this ragtag crew. It just has worked out that at every turn he has mostly identified exactly what needed done, or at least that which made sense to him, and when he set about doing it, when he made any suggestions at all, they came out sounding like commands and the others fell right in line. Maybe some of it he learned in the military, maybe not. Like grouping the west end crew and the east end crew along the lines of whom seemed to know one another the best  this just made sense to him from a trust standpoint, though he can recall no specific principle associated with it.
Scoping out their surroundings over the course of this week, the severity of this river’s rapids initially did and still do surprise him, not at all what one thinks of in picturing a somewhat major eastern U.S. city, particularly when slicing through the center of a sleepy downtown. Then again, Richmond was never what he would’ve considered a vital cog of industry or finance, based on what little he’d ever heard of this metropolis, its lack of a big ticket professional sport, for example, and thus the preponderance of skyscrapers is also slightly jarring. He observes the statue of a black tennis star and various Confederate icons that he knows nothing about. There is of course that classic line about those who are ignorant of history being doomed, but to Steve, this concept was always a bit overblown - trivia factoids about dead soldiers and famous military quotes would never provide much utility to whatever the modern crisis might be, because the paradigms and particulars were forever shifting.
His thoughts turn to Samantha and the girls, as they have with surprising infrequency ever since this somewhat mad odyssey began. He supposes that was the point, and anyway the amount of stewing one did outside of a jail cell was likely a whole let less than inside. Steve has no illusions at this point about any of what he’s doing, that his chances of finding them improve, or their loss is somehow vindicated, or any of that nonsense. They are gone and nothing will change this. Which might seem an odd attitude for someone who cumulatively knocked off five people in the name of public good, but it’s true. Hell, for all he knows they might have split voluntarily, and are nestled snugly away in some remote cabin out west. 
Steve thinks about what the press and the police would have dubbed his little serial killer turn, that he’d been motivated enough to do so, and the ways it both does and altogether doesn’t differ all that much from what they’re engaged in now. He seriously doubts this scenario, but did Samantha ever know? The authorities had certainly been mighty clueless, but even while giving her considerably more credit, he couldn’t fathom odds any higher than one in six billion that she ever thought of him as the man behind those shootings, even as a fantastical daydream. The authorities, he thinks to himself with a smirk, and actually begins chuckling. He remembered watching some news program where an expert psychologist declared  at the height of the mania over these shootings, as much as there could be said to have been a height  that there were only two types of serial killers. Serial killer. That’s what they were referring to him as, which had always struck Steve as hilarious. As if there could ever be such pat categories to define the complex reasons an individual would commit such deeds. Partially he believes the law enforcement figures stood behind these totems with unwavering faith, and partially he believes they threw such blanket reassurances out there to soothe the public’s frayed nerves. 
He had legitimate purposes for wiping those people out, and even now stands behind them. He wasn’t some pervert who took the victim’s panties and jacked off with them wrapped around his head, or visited the burial site and took pictures of the corpse, or whatever it was such sickos did. He was the kind of guy who swerved out of his way to avoid hitting a raccoon with his truck, who gave generously to charity by any yardstick. Those people had to go, and they were gone. A person could certainly make the argument that hey, if you dug deep enough, you could find some justification for wiping Steve Driscoll off the face of the earth as well. To which he would say  well, yes, maybe so, but nobody had. And anyhow someone, or rather some group of persons, had decided a whole lot of innocents would be made to disappear in all this, and he fails to see any justification for this at all, why they should have the authority to say so while he does not.



The crux of their argument against sending in Randy along with Eldorado had been that some of the enemy might have caught a glimpse of him during the failed Huntington raid, remembered his profile. Maybe not, but his involvement seemed an unnecessary and high risk gamble. Steve spent hours mulling his own potential role as a spy, once this idea of posing as the enemy came up and was unanimously vetted. But as a whole they were more or less in agreement that Driscoll’s organizational abilities were too important to waste in this cause, they just couldn’t risk the exposure. In the end he agreed, somewhat reluctantly.
“Some guys just have it, and you can’t even put your finger on what it is,” Eldorado’s rambling on, harping on a topic he first introduced at the bed and breakfast. But his audience, some cat named Tony, is a brand new one and thus he continues with the thread.
As expected, there had been no alarms sounded when first the west end crew, and then a short while later the east end crew, tossed their Molotov cocktails through the windows of a bank and a post office, respectively. No one was sure what these outmoded institutions even meant to the opponent anymore, if anything, but the gamble had paid off when they responded. No clean division anymore between military, law enforcement, and government official - even a cynic had to admit this had at least once been the case - the squad cars began rolling out quietly from the secured downtown harbor, first in one mass moving west, then another east.
Steve had radioed down from the rooftop, to the converted repair shop below him. A half dozen of them awaited the call, in uniforms a couple of skilled women in their entourage had ever so meticulously crafted, in squad cars built to perfection by the men. Two such vehicles left the scene immediately, with one in reserve in case neither of them made it - this too an abridged version of the original concept, which had just Eldorado going in alone. He was still their man should any or all of the groups infiltrate, the one who would disappear and hide when the opportunity presented itself. Meanwhile, anticipating what the enemy’s next move would be from here, as in further downriver and then out to sea, they had sent the last two unemployed members of their posse southeast. Randy and some Alejandro character Eldorado has not become acquainted with as of yet, one van loaded down each full of gear, sent to set up shop at a predetermined point on the map, take notes and hold tight. 
“George Washington, now, he had it, and I don’t mean to be one of these, oh, the founding fathers, the founding fathers types, but come on. Sometimes it’s you, sometimes it’s just a special set of circumstances that have nothing to do with you. Smart enough to put it all together but then badass enough to execute it and have the men behind him, okay, but see, there was also a nasty smallpox outbreak throughout that Revolutionary War, okay, decimated all kinds of officers. Washington just happened to have survived smallpox as a child, which made him immune.”
As anticipated, in watching them move throughout the city for days now, there were squad cars roaming the city here and there on occasional oddball missions, and it would be nothing for another vehicle, such as the one driven by Tony and bearing Eldorado as its only other occupant, to fall in line behind. In limiting their own movements to strictly that which was absolutely necessary, they had for a week now avoided detection here in Richmond, at least to the best of their knowledge. Some wondered why the enemy still trifled with the easily spotted squad car, until someone else - probably Steve - pointed out that such a hastily assembled army, so to speak, would need some form of identifying itself, because they wouldn’t know one another on sight. This also lessened the likelihood that there was some code or secret handshake or iron-on uniform patch that Eldorado or the others wouldn’t possess, which would immediately give them away. Needless to say, something about the branding of these uniforms reminded him of the Revolutionary War’s redcoats and patriots, or the blue and the grey a century later, which set the ball rolling on this rant.
“Of course people have this quaint image of thirteen colonies all banding together against the evil British empire, but it really wasn’t like that. It broke out along the same percentages you’d probably have expected at any point in American history, up to maybe a year or so ago: about a third of the colonists threw their lot in with the patriots, about a third fought alongside the British, the other third didn’t care and stayed out of it. Truly our first civil war when you think about it. Not to mention you have the Native Americans in the mix, who weren’t exactly hanging out in their teepees all day crafting  pottery. Nonetheless....,” Eldorado starts, but comes up short with the sudden and often crippling realization that the other party hasn’t said anything and likely has no interest in the subject at hand. Yet counterbalanced by the unease of an unfinished sentence, which hangs in the air like an unpleasant odor, spurring him to conclude, “you could say it was good old American ingenuity which did win that war, because the British couldn’t adapt to fighting in the trees.”
“You could say,” Tony mutters in a slow, seldom used and gravel weighted voice, “that it was our complete lack of honor that won the war. The UK’s best marksman had a chance to shoot Washington in the back from fifty yards out, but refused to. We so called patriots had no such qualms.”
Eldorado is sufficiently spooked by this unexpected reply that his eyes fly open, his back curls flush against the seat. He considers this a bad omen and says nothing more the remainder of their short drive west. 



“The thing I find amazing about outer space, actually, is that it shows there’s no government on scale,” James notes, as he and Eric and Scott are lighting in near unison their gasoline soaked towels. It’s nine o’clock on the nose, and in ten minutes the east side crew lights theirs. This harebrained battle plan that is nonetheless the best anyone could come up with.
“Government?” Eric questions.
“I don’t mean government as in politics. I mean government as in regulation. There’s no limitation on size.” 
“We’re blowing through the smokes a lot faster than I ever dreamed,” Scott notes, applying his half consumed cigarette to the towel, watching it burn, “your stash is almost depleted, Eric.”
“That’s something I could never get a straight answer on after I started going to church,” Eric says, “if, like, cigarettes and beer are evil, does that mean we will have them in Hell? And if so, wouldn‘t that kind of undermine the concept?”
“People have no trouble believing that we minuscule beings can inspect and understand objects billions of years away, or that there’s a whole galaxy of stuff going on under our thumbnail,” James says, continuing on his own conversational tack, “but they scoff at the notion that there is something beyond this universe inspecting us under the microscope. That all our thoughts and actions may very well print out on some computer report somewhere for analysis by a team of scientists. Because everything our size seems normal, that would make them too large for that to be possible. But aliens or other species or even natural catastrophes could just as easily be white blood cells injected into our atmosphere. An alien quote unquote spaceship could really be a microscopic light they’re shining on us.”
“No, no, Eric,” Scott jokes, as their bottles thud off of the plate glass windows and explode in a flashy but inconsequential barrage amidst some shrubbery. 
“Fuck, that was stupid,” Eric notes.
“No fun-evil stuff is allowed in hell, didn’t you know?” Scott continues, “only unpleasant-evil. It says so in the bible.”
“Speaking of fun, here’s a little fun fact for ya,” James says, “the world hell never actually appears in the bible. You can look it up.”
“What do we do now?” Eric asks.
“I don’t think we have a choice,” James says, as he stoops to yank a fairly large boulder from the landscaping, “no reason flames have to be involved, right? We just need to trip the alarm. Theoretically at least.”
As if mesmerized by the carnage, after James lets go of the rock and it explodes through one panel of the front door, the three of them stand motionless, staring at this gaping hole. The spell is broken after only a second or two, and they begin walking back to the van. 
“Actually, there is this whole school of thought that combines evolutionary
theory, science and religion,” Scott says, “like, these are hardcore scientists, but they believe Jesus was sent here from the future. That Jesus was sent here to give us hope, to show what the human race is slowly evolving toward.”
“Oh my god, that is the coolest fucking thing I’ve ever heard!” Eric enthuses.
James chuckles in admiration and says to Scott, “where did you come up with that shit?”
“It wasn’t me,” Scott shrugs, “like I said, that’s actually a really old idea.”
“I think I just found religion!” Eric notes, rubbing his hand together in a greedy gesture, “again, I mean.”
“Religion,” James scoffs, “another typical, self directed human construct.”
“Typical?” Eric questions, “self directed?”
“This entire universe was made on our behalf!” James mocks in a cheery, high pitched voice, “And God even looks just like me! This is amazing!”
“Well?” Donna asks as they approach the van, ashing her ever present cigarette out the open window as she half reclines and waits.
“We launched a rock through the window.”
“A rock?” she frowns, “but weren’t you, like, supposed to set something on fire? That way if there was no alarm to draw them, at least the smoke would?”
“She’s right,” Eric nods, surveying the surrounding area. One hand on hip, out of breath from the slight incline of their walk, he puffs away on his own freshly lit cigarette.
“Forget it,” James says, “I mean for all we know they’re on their way! They could be right around the corner!”
“Fuck it, let’s light a few more,” Scott suggests, “toss em right in through that hole in the door.”
“I’m game,” says Eric.
“Either way we need to figure this out so we can get the fuck outta here,” Donna says.
James shakes his head and curses, “fine!” as he throws open the van’s side door. Extracts three more bottles, hands one each to his fellow combatants. 
As they make their way across the street, back over the small bump of hill and down into the basin of their target’s parking lot, James cautions, “light and fire, but do not set foot inside that building.”
“Okay Steve,” Eric jokes.
“I’m with you up to a point, but I am not putting my neck on the line!” Scott screeches with a chuckle, reiterating Donna’s instant classic phrase as he rears back and lets go of the missile.
Eric and James follow suit. But they have no sooner let go of their own projectiles when a car horn sounds out - one single blast - over the hill on the backside of the bank, somewhere behind the next row of the buildings. In unison they flinch, shoot horrified glances at one another, and take off at a dead run.


Something just smelled horrible about it from the outset. He knew he was sticking his neck on the chopping block with this simple motion, but sometimes there was no way to insulate yourself against second guessing regardless of which decision you made. He was expecting their squadron of police cruisers to bash its way into the night, to arrive on the scene with wailing tires and sirens and all the customary hoopla, as they surrounded the bank or knelt behind open car doors with pistols drawn or what have you. What he hadn’t expected was for them to creep silently around the block, to park at a strip mall just beyond it, shielded by the shop fronts. He knew that none of the others, even Steve, had expected this either.
And so as he and this Tony are exiting their vehicle, Eldorado reaches over and lays on the horn. Some of the sour faced veterans - at least the ones he can make out in the dark, in the middle of the pack - turn around and make caricatures of displeasure, but they’d get over it. Meanwhile those at the front, pistols drawn, are urged into motion apparently by having their sneak attack ruined, and take off across the lot, bound for a gap between buildings where they can gain access to the branch. Knowing no other course of action, Eldorado and Tony take off as well. 


They fly through some break in the buildings with stunning swiftness. Jennifer had not expected to see them there, and knows the rest of her party would be twice as blind. She has the good fortune of a night vision scope on this rifle, otherwise the ambush could have gotten even uglier. She too had heard the horn, but didn’t immediately know what to make of it. 
The situation did not call for an automatic weapon. Too much bullet spray, too little accuracy, not to mention that little problem of definitively revealing her position. 
She picks off as many of them as she can. Curiously, it had never occurred to her in the deluge of information overwhelming their preparations for this moment, to wonder how she and the other rooftop snipers were expected to escape this city. Of course they all know the rendezvous point by heart, have maps tucked away in their pockets; of course they’ve all secured well hidden rides within walking distance below; but as she picks off these moving targets with a skill that nonetheless has her coming up empty half the time, she considers that this melee will make her window of escape a narrow one: if the survivors elude them, these officers will not rest in their vigilance. If everyone is wiped out, the rest seems kind of pointless. 
She has Eldorado in the crosshairs, moves on. She takes out one of the other faceless scumbags. Of course their absolute backup plan is that if everything else goes haywire, their two moles can turn fire on the boys in blue, too. But Steve had cautioned that they desperately need someone on the inside, here, and that this is their best shot to do so - if lives are lost, so be it. Jennifer tends to agree with this sentiment, though she wonders what happens when opinions differ at the point where their cause is a lost one. All she knows is if it takes her three weeks and every bit of ammo she has, she’s not leaving this rooftop until she feels secure. 


Everything was going so well. Donna sees James, in the best shape of the trio, bound over top of the hill, at roughly the same moment the first gunshots sound out. Good enough. Then Eric crests into sight, which carries with it mixed blessings - no offense to the big fellow, but if he’s outpacing Scott then something is awry. 
Scott was bringing up the rear initially but bridged the distance immediately with his long, loping strides. Then he had slipped, then a bullet caught him in the calf muscle. Then Eric had spun around to help him up, and now James is in her ear screaming to get this vehicle moving.
“Go! Go! Mission fucking accomplished let’s go!” 
She has the car running and the crack of the pistol James is now firing out the open door is deafening. A couple officers have their backs pressed against the wall of a building next door, however, and take pot shots at this van, but nobody else comes over the hill - primarily Jennifer’s doing, she’s certain, and not James’s. Meanwhile Scott is hobbling along with Eric’s assistance in an awkward maneuver that would call to mind a three legged race under less trying circumstances. She has compromised to James’s insistent demands by letting the brake off so that they begin to roll forward. Winded, a red faced Eric and then Scott fling themselves into the van, having intercepted it at a diagonal, and she mashes the gas pedal down.
She moves south toward town, but only for the remainder of the block. James is now hollering that they’ll be thicker than flies on shit down that way and that she needs to hook a left at this corner, in other words just past the bank, and sail down that street right past the strip mall these officers had only moments ago vacated. Donna’s aware that she is sobbing at the wheel under the strain and that she needs to pull herself together, but he is so loud and demanding and the bullets are dinging these metal sides, and she’s certain a tire will get blown out or her head shot off any moment but she can think of no other alternative.
“Left! Left! Fucking fly right past them! They’ll never expect it, trust me!”


It felt like a surprise birthday party in reverse. First he and Tony were among the last ones to run through the buildings, down the hill and into the bank parking lot. Then they were the last two standing there, as everyone else either bit the dust or ran for cover of some sort. Of course they had nothing to fear from Jennifer’s assault rifle raining down up above, and he and Tony could possibly earn maniac hero status from their newfound brethren in the force by standing here in the clear. Except Eldorado doesn’t quite trust the bullets flying from everyone else’s gun in both directions, and he too dives for cover.
In his and Tony’s case this means the elbow of the hill, more or less, near the corner of the avenue Donna is parked upon, and the side street that runs alongside the bank. This being perfect in a sense because the two of them have to fire off a few errant token shots, to pull off this role, and they are sort of close but not really, fairly removed from danger.
Eldorado of anyone present should have known how swiftly events can unravel in an eyelash bat. Cruising along in a jeep full of comrades, drive over a landmine and have the thing flip and crush half of them. Escort your kids to school, have a truck full of Al Qaeda zip past and open fire. Or come home from a career move that seemed really important at the time but in retrospect will appear boneheaded and trivial, especially when you never lay eyes on, never speak to your wife or children again.
So yes, it all changes in that blink as Donna inexplicably yanks a hard left and wobbles down that side street - wobbling because the left rear tire has in fact just been blown out - right past Eldorado’s wheelhouse. Scott is still sitting in the open frame of the sliding door, and Eric’s looking at what appears to be a blood soaked leg, as James leans over the both of them firing completely random gunshots. Meanwhile some angry sergeant or chief or captain types or whatever the hell they are called in this current scheme of things are scrambling up the hill, and they are screaming at him, and what does Eldorado do, he panics. Eldorado panics. It’s only the most natural thing in the world under the circumstances.
“Shoot them! Shoot those motherfuckers! Now!” 
The way they are waving their weapons for emphasis, Eldorado isn’t sure what might happen if he doesn’t comply. And then in a completely unexpected move, a Tony who has been near paralyzed for moments now, turns and opens fire on everyone coming up the hill toward them. They have no choice but to bring him down. 
“Shoot those motherfuckers, goddammit!”
And Eldorado only means to squeeze off another one of those decoy purpose shots, high and wide of its target. But as the van streaks past he turns to face them, and in his frequent replays of the incident that are soon to follow, it seems that they are right upon him - Eric in the doorway with a shocked, terrified expression on his face, Scott oblivious. Eric giving Scott a hard push out of the way, as he attempts to slide the door shut, just as the gun goes off almost as if on its own accord, and Eric’s body tumbles with a sickening thud to the pavement as the remaining occupants of the van streak out of sight. In the back of his mind, he’s aware too that Jennifer’s overhead action has fizzled out as well, but he doesn’t put this together mentally until later.
Eric in the middle of the road, his life bleeding out of his as he howls and sobs something about a Tracy, some girl named Tracy, and that he is sorry. Eldorado cannot allow himself to look too concerned, has to basically turn the other way as his comrade expires.
“What the hell got into this idiot?” one of the younger cadet types marvels, as a half dozen of them are huddled around Tony’s body below. Eldorado joins them.
“Went crazy from all the commotion,” a grizzled grey hair with the name COLLINS carved into his namebadge notes, “seen it before.”
“And I might be wrong, but wasn’t someone firing at us from up above?” one of the men questions.
“I thought so too but if so it seems to have cut out,” Eldorado allows, “so maybe not. Maybe she....maybe he or she was in the van the whole time.”
“Could be,” one of the men says, regarding him. 
“Hey didn’t this fuckhead ride here with you?” another asks Eldorado, as he’s kicking Tony’s ribcage once with the side of his boot.
“Annoying sonofabitch, too,” Eldorado nods, and a few of them snicker at this, “really damn annoying. I could tell somethin wasn’t right about him from the get go.”
“He’s the piece of shit who tipped them off anyway, laying on that horn,” another observes, “I saw him get out of the car, big dumbass shared shitless look on his face. Ooooops.”
“Be glad the motherfucka’s gone, you ask me,” Eldorado says, and the men hoot some more.
They start off toward their parked cars again, trudging a half step slower in the wake of testosterone’s rampage. Someone is asking Collins if they shouldn’t chase after that van. Near the edge of the bank’s front lot, Eldorado, who is bringing up the rear again, catches the glint of a fallen officer’s metal namebadge. He stoops to pick it up and pockets this artifact, figuring you just never know.
“Nah, fuck em,” Collins is saying, “they’re out of our hair for now. They’ll drive on down the road and rustle up a few dipshit buddies and try this somewhere else. Soon enough this sort of thing will die out completely.”



Now it’s Donna’s turn to scream. She screams at James to take the wheel, so that she can tend to Scott’s wounded leg, so that she can weep openly over Eric. 
“We made it out okay, okay?” James says, in an attempt to sound lighthearted and optimistic, “we did what we were supposed to do.”
“I know...it’s just...it seems like....it’s not....,” she sobs, “everything is so fucked up right now! And you’re supposed to be my boys, all of you....”
“Since when did you become such a bleeding heart, anyway?” Scott questions, wincing as she dumps the remainder of a vodka bottle on his wound. He’s prone across the van’s metallic floor, creaking his neck sideways as far as he can for a nonexistent peek, “I got a much different impression of you around Middlefork.”
“You didn’t know me! Not until that weekend, anyway.”
“Yeah, but I’d heard the name. Your reputation was.....”
“Well, this didn’t happen overnight by any means,” Donna says.




Donna Montgomery




Donna didn’t necessarily love it in the butt, but she will take it there. No sweat. She will take it anywhere, and it doesn’t really matter with whom. She never gets off in the classical sense, yet there is something about the rhythmic pounding - she closes her eyes and it feels like a dream, every moment of it. She supposes now that a psychologist would say even then this is her means of nurturing wayward boys, but she believes it’s a whole simpler than that. This is just an escape.
She began smoking cigarettes at thirteen, weed shortly after that. By high school it was a lost cause, her academic studies so to speak, and eventually her mom just gave up. The two of them live together in a banged up trailer miles northeast of Middlefork, at the district’s distant rim. Donna has never known her father. Their front yard is almost entirely mud, and perpetually gloomy, thanks to the canopy of gnarled trees that obscure every last drop of sunlight. Just as these trees hide the trailer from the road, the long and crooked gravel lane the only indication someone might squat back here.
Often it crosses Donna’s mind to wonder just what Ella Montgomery expects of her daughter, anyway. She hadn’t discouraged Donna’s cigarette consumption in the least, as it was not uncommon from about her sixth grade year onward to have her mother bumming smokes until the next trip into town beckoned, or vice versa. Their nights uniformly involve carrying on in the smoky kitchen with cheap beer and a wealth of gossip, a television nobody spends one second watching flickering in the living room beyond, alive merely for background noise. Sometimes a relative or some crazy ass neighbor drops by, occasionally the long lost friend. But most nights it is just the two of them, and they never grow weary of one another.
Their only fights came during the school week, the mornings Donna refused to get out of bed. Almost exclusively these began after the age of sixteen, once she had a car and was no longer forced to ride the dreadful bus, was expected to drive herself. A twelve pack of cheap beer polished off or not, Ella never had any trouble getting up on time for her job - she was a maid at this motel off the interstate, and by all accounts worked rings around everyone else - but Donna would just roll around in that sunken bed, wondering if she’d ever acquire such fortitude. Sometime around ten or eleven a.m., customarily, she’d reach into the drawer of her bedside table and fire up the bong she’d set aside only hours earlier, and at this point she’d begin to feel much more optimistic. Quite naturally this was followed by a few more hours of lying around almost as a matter of course. She stopped going completely her junior year, and had never gotten her GED.
Ella initially put up the most wicked fight. She would stand in the archway of Donna’ s bedroom four, five, six times a morning, cussing up a storm, berating the clothes tossed all over the place, telling her daughter she needed to forget about “that damn dope” and go to school. Sometimes Donna would grow irritated at her mother and lash back, sometimes she would rally and make it in a couple of classes late. Sometimes she would lay there and gut-check the urge to laugh, wondering what her father looked like, because she and Miss Montgomery did not resemble each other one bit. Squat, a bit overweight, the most atrocious poodle-do blonde haircut and a fashion sense last updated apparently a few decades earlier, Ella not only didn’t resemble Donna, it was also clear at a young age she never would. A pasty complexion about the only thing they share outside of their camaraderie.
Donna isn’t sure where this hippie bent came from, as none of her friends really go for the tie dyed shirt and tattered jeans look that she flaunts so proudly during these late teen years. Naturally, there had been the big bangs era, the leather era, the dolled up tart era, you name it. But something about this look just stuck for her and was it for a good five years. 
Word got around. There were always boys with hotrods swinging by the trailer in the early afternoon, skipping class or having dropped out altogether also. Donna was never enthusiastic about their impromptu visits, yet at the same time something felt missing when they didn’t materialize. At any rate she always opened the door for them. Doesn’t say much, just nods and smokes her cigarettes. Frequently she is still clad only in her faded pink robe.  Beer never sounds good at this hour to her, and anyway chances are the kitchen is still trashed out with all their empties from the night before, meaning none left in the fridge. But she sits in the living room of this gloomy trailer with these boys, and her treasured bong is known to make its appearance provided they don’t pull out little pipes of their own. Liquor is also no stranger to these proceedings, a bottle passed between them.
On occasion it will be more than one boy, or a girl friend of hers who is also cutting class, she’s sometimes entertaining a whole room full of them. Really, though, one boy is the default mode, and she knows why - it’s precisely this, that word has gotten around. She knows what they want, and puts up no resistance. On some level she suspects she really wants it, too. Once the chemicals start getting passed around they always wind up sitting together on the couch. She turns to them with a cross eyed expression that signals it’s time to kiss, and the boys unfailingly lean in and slip a hand inside that robe, either to cup her tiny breasts or, for the more brazen ones, to dawdle around with her light brown thatch below. 
With familiarity they dispense formalities, these boys. A few so bold as to merely march in and begin unbuckling, sticking it right in her blank face as she looks up at their stupid grinning ones, mute from her easy chair. She obliges. Eventually these same boys take to bolder experiments back in her cramped, humid bedroom, exploring various orifices. Condoms are never trifled with, nor the kind of lubrication that some of these wilder exploits might call for. She closes her eyes and rolls with it. She doesn’t like their gunk in her hair or in her mouth but doesn’t mind anywhere else, even upon her porcelain doll white face.
When they leave she will drink or smoke some more in her bedroom, only bothering now to flip on the overhead light that’s always needed somehow in here even at two in the afternoon. The radio is now flipped on, but low, and she will lay in a stupor, cheek against the bed as she stares out and zones out and blinks, wastes away the remainder of the day. Occasionally she will weep. With curious precision, every one of these boys will stop coming around after four or five such encounters.
One night she and another girl get naked and roll around licking each other, but this feels more a comical lark than erotic escapade and it never repeats itself. Strange, too, to think now that she hasn’t been with a man in years, after these teenage days evaporated.
Underlying reasons always abound. A person doesn’t drop out of society overnight. Donna can trace her vapid indifference to one episode alone. She never had any boyfriends, but went to most school dances merely as an excuse for muckraking. Same went for the football games, basketball games, you name it. She didn’t have a regular boy but she had plenty of girl friends. Cat fights were their stock in trade, a presence on the sidelines or at recess slapping rivals up or spitting in their faces, the occasional hair pull or push to the ground followed by boots to the ribcage. Shouting the kind of profanities that taken alone would give them a few days off without pay, so to speak. Who knows, maybe this is where Donna first developed her fondness for skipping school, those afternoons home alone attacking the bong because she was told she couldn’t go.
With high school inevitably the dirty maneuvers ratchet up a notch. As they become nastier they also grew trickier, a veritable minefield to negotiate. A large chunk of this emphasized status, how to increase yours and/or diminish that of the target. Boys in turn are inevitably a huge chunk of this strategic planning, in turn - these boys who seem so stupid to them, or at least the ones they are continually haggling over. Caustic wisecracks out the side of their mouths, she and her girls, as they smoke cigarettes on picnic tables at the park. On the hoods of cars, at a kitchen table, wherever. Promises to kick so-and-so’s ass with the next opportunity that presents itself.
Donna’s leather phase, this would have been. For the most part anyway, with the teased hair and frosty eyeliner and everything that went with it. Yet even as she glided into the ostensibly mellower recesses of the hippie waif look, this aggressive mindset changed not the least. And then she and her petty little female coterie became obsessed with Erica Dawes.
Erica Dawes was not necessarily the most popular chick in their junior class, but she was one of them. Prim and proper in her boyfriend’s letterman jacket, her tightly controlled blonde ringlets with the chestnut undertones that bespoke of perfect bottled coloration. Not that Donna and her colleagues were opposed to the occasional dye job themselves, though opting exclusively themselves for either the slutty peroxide blonde or a straight up jet black. Maybe some wild streak of color, but that was about it. No, there was something too perfect about Erica, and the more they dwelt upon it did Erica’s snotty perfections stand out. 
The way her impeccable long red fingernails would tap against the textbook cover as she listened to their chemistry teacher speak. Her demure raise of the hand in calculus as her soft, maddening voice subsequently trilled out some stupid question. Stupid because you could just tell Erica was one of those girls who studied her tail off to augment average intelligence and a purchased, middle class beauty into some future trifling receptionist job, at which point some older man with a doctorate or something would find her compelling and sweep her off her feet - or whatever, some scenario along these lines, these being the theories Donna and the others would whisper and snicker over, at their lockers, at the lunch table. Driving around smoking, or maybe passing the bottle around someone’s basement. 
Donna often marvels now that any good memories of youth or the teenage years seems quaint and naive with age, but anything that was dark and ugly then will remain forever so. 
She is never sure in retrospect who first came up with what, or even where this Erica Dawes fixation began. All Donna can recall is that at some point, it began to bother her tremendously that Erica was dating Bobby Gillespie, one of the star offensive linemen on their high school squad - it probably began right around the time word circulated of Erica and Bobby boning during halftime in the backseat of his car, in the parking lot. When this scandal hit it felt as though that insufferable cunt not only had the perfection thing sewn up, but she was the talk of the town for this left field brazen episode, and thus had that angle covered as well in a much more thorough and public manner than Donna or her tramp friends ever would. 
Donna’s blood positively boiled. All she could picture was Erica’s undoubtedly perfect milk white ass as it bounced up and down atop Bobby in the backseat, as he wore his surely dopey expression and enjoyed privilege as a matter of course. This bitch would pay. And when Donna’s usual passive, open door policy failed to produce Bobby - because why would it? - she took to more aggressive measures. Donna’s school attendance was actually quite stellar during this stretch. She and her vixen friends enact complex diabolical schemes to woo this boy, and in this respect Donna would have been fine with any of them seducing him, the end result was all that mattered. So long as it became public knowledge that the deed had taken place, thus forever maiming Erica Dawes’s perfect existence, Donna was fine with it. 
If only some of these comparatively benign methods had proven effective, none of this would have ever happened. 
They had not set out that fateful Tuesday night with Erica Dawes in mind. Between the five of them, they’d not had anything specific in mind. Late April though and finally warm out, though, goddammit, for these Ohio winters could run so flat and neverending, followed by a spring that mostly advertised sun but delivered chill, they have Lacey Jaboulet’s van for the night and two bottles of bourbon, they’re going to drive around Middlefork and see what shakes loose. Warm enough out for tee shirts long after nightfall, spring is finally indisputably here.
Donna wore it like a badge of honor at the time, not that she personally had such tremendous connections but that the girls she ran with did. Girls who would know maybe the only three guys in town who would not only be up at this hour but were throwing down as well. Girls who would know guys who might have other aggressive substances to keep them up all night, cranking music and carrying on in said guy’s living room. 
She remembers everything about the night with tranquil clarity, as though it were a pool of lake water undisturbed in the midst of armageddon. She remembers everything, that is, except the turning point their attentions turned once again to Erica. Outside the sky was still dark, though of an hour most normal juniors would be getting ready to begin their school day.
“Ha ha ha that stupid bitch you know she’s standing in front of the mirror right now curling her hair just ever so.”
“No I think she’s kissing a picture of Bobby at this moment just as she gets ready to step into the shower.”
“What time is it?” Donna distinctly recalls retorting in the midst of this Erica bash, which seemed like humor on its highest level at that moment, “five forty five? Clearly this is the part of her morning she spends selecting an outfit - oh my! Oh so very carefully! - from her color coded closet and her color coded drawers.”
All of which elicited another hearty round of catty female cackles.
The quote unquote men in their lives were never quite so evil. Their violent outbursts were almost always resultant from quiet plodding steps. Nothing random or emotional about it, a canvas upon which even the putative sucker punch was in fact calculated for months in advance - solitary drives to school spent measuring the pros and cons, or voicing promises to their friends of eventual revenge, more to gauge reaction and hear a counterpoint than the boast it might appear. But these girls, they could act with such vicious swiftness. They could gang up in the manner they did on that Wednesday morning in April.
One minute a joke without a scripted ending, the next the five of them in Lacey’s van again making a bullet train for Erica’s house. The boys they were partying with, the ones still at it, that is, refusing involvement based on honor or code or some other nonsense, or maybe just a patronizing inability to take the spiteful intentions of these females seriously. 
The van shrieks to a giggling halt two driveways up and across the street, almost as if the vehicle were burping. They still have no professed idea what might come next. In retrospect this would seem to Donna either an amazing instance of collective clairvoyance, or else just one big mental blackout, after the fact. Because she can’t see now how the five of them could act so decisively efficiently without ever having discussed what might come next.
A bewildered Erica first regards the five of them with a quizzical expression as she stands beside the driver’s door of her blood red Lexus, key extended, when the van roars to life and zooms the short gap and shrieks to a pause beside her. As the four girls who are not driving jump out and with actual merry giggles grab their target - hesitant but never voicing complaint, making Erica maybe the proverbial sack of potatoes albeit one that’s been maple syruped to the floor - and it’s not until with a grunt that she is shoved inside and the door slid closed and Lacey’s peeling out of sight that this bitchy side Donna and the others were always alluding to begins to rear its head. 
Not that Erica didn’t have a right to demand release, to question this disruption of her heretofore normal morning. It’s just that in viewing how nasty events subsequently turn, Donna marvels that this really still seemed a fun if somewhat scandalous adventure, nothing more, and she wonders how differently a laid back target would have made the end result.
At some point one of the girls - Rachel Kash, truth be known - gives Erica an open palmed smack right across the kisser. This is the point where this vehicle’s only ever finalist for homecoming queen lunges for the door, considerable forward motion of said vehicle notwithstanding. Six or eight hands shove her forcibly back against the metal side of the van, into a sitting position, and the mood goes from maybe kelly green to black.
The crime, like many, is one of opportunity. Who knows what else if anything might have transpired, for instance, were it not for the rope? The electrical tape? Were this a vehicle that belonged to one of the five girls instead of Lacey’s father, his all purpose handyman ride, the spare in case of emergencies such as the teenage daughter’s need to screw around. 
They pick somewhat of a side road near the town square. One that would soon have plenty of traffic, but was still deserted here in the dark and would remain so for the next ten or fifteen minutes. They demand Erica strip down to just her bra and panties, then they tape her mouth and tie her to a flagpole in some small pocket park, and then they remove the remainder of her clothing as well. 
Donna is as okay with everything leading up to this moment as a person could be, i.e. saddened and ashamed and every other correlating emotion one would expect. But something about the sight of Erica’s weeping vulnerability at this moment, writhing against that pole - mascara smeared already, her stupid perfectly trimmed triangle of pubic hair, her stupid perfect softball sized breasts, her stupid tanned washboard abdomen convulsing in and out as she attempts to scream - something about this sight sets loose in Donna such inexplicable revulsion, and it’s this moment more than any other that haunts her: she actually remembers spitting in the poor girl’s face. And then they drove away.
Capping off such a brilliant adventure, naturally, was the direct route they traced from here to their first period classrooms, arriving on time, even early for a change. All night they had planned on ditching school today, but now it seemed like the only destination worthy of their attention. Word reached school grounds, naturally, within about a half hour’s time, first as an unsubstantiated rumor, then with genuine buzz. 
Donna’s mood elevated to that of clouds and dreamlike states. Certainly, some of what Rachel Kash had, which they were ingesting in the ladies room to stay awake, played a part in this. But mostly it was the knowledge of what they had done, and the ramifications that ensued.
Erica was not seen at school that day nor, apparently, any other, until a week from the following Monday. Once traffic hit the town square it was naturally only a matter of minutes before some do-gooder made the inevitable valiant rescue. In the moments prior to this, however, a car full of rowdy underclassmen en route had howled and cackled and snapped a whole series of photos as they soared past, photos taken with their cell phone cameras, which posted and went viral online before the second period’s opening bell sounded. A bevy of onlookers didn’t help matters, either, gaping with stupid mouthed fanaticism from sidewalks surrounding the tied up girl, as she’s led into - reports vary on this, though consensus has it as such - some elderly lady’s sedan.
Donna likes to think now that Erica bore no permanent mental scars from the episode. She wouldn’t know, because she never saw the girl again. Curiously, the principal’s hammer falling and demanding their suspension never came, nor were there any legal proceedings filed - again, rumor ran afire, but it seemed reasonable to believe the legend that Erica refused to name her assailants. Not that it mattered much, at least not in Miss Montgomery’s case. Halfway through the following school day, that Thursday, a sudden wave of shame washed over Donna. She felt as if she were covered in black film, that her throat was in her foot. It creeps over her with the sudden severity of a drug fueled crash - except it wasn’t that, not at all, she’d never taken much by way of illicit chemicals at once, nor on more than a couple dozen occasions - and she couldn’t believe what they had done. Donna stood up and walked out of her fourth period business class, which she was failing anyway, and she never went back. She never went back to that one or any of them.
Weeks went by, weeks that seemingly consisted of nothing but weeping in bed. Cradling her pillow as if it were the boyfriend she never had, rocking back and forth, radio on low though oblivious to it. Donna’s mother is of no use. She has heard the gossip just as everyone else in town has, but never mentions it directly - she stands in the doorway one morning, asking if there’s anything she can do. When Donna murmurs a garbled negative, her mother stares a moment, before shaking her head and walking off. At times, after the depression has worn off and she leaves the room, from the corner of the eye she will catch her mother looking at her, but when Donna turns to face Ella, the latter’s glance darts abruptly away.
Merely as a mind numbing diversion - or primarily that, along with vague realizations that she would eventually have to move out of this depressing fucking trailer - Donna takes a job as a maid at the same motel as her mother. She glides through the summer in this fashion, and in time the work genuinely makes her happy. So much as she would allow herself to, that is, those brief windows between thoughts of Erica, thoughts which are on her mind continually and will darken her mood in an instant. She would then feel she deserved no happiness, and only throwing herself headlong into work would take this train wreck of thought away. 
About halfway through summer, fate drops Donald Cabell in her lap. 
Like most guests, he is no one they pay any particular mind to - they only notice him after almost a month, forking over the weekly occupancy rate, at which point it is impossible to isolate a particular moment at which they first become aware of his presence. For the most part these extended stay types were a derelict bunch and to be avoided far more so than your average traveler. Rehabilitated crackhead thieves out on parole, entire families whose figureheads were unfailingly highly argumentative, itinerant workers chasing scrap dollars around. Dudes who spent their entire day for weeks on end working on some scrapheap junker in the parking lot while their girlfriends were playing hostess at a nearby diner. And this hotel’s proximity to the interstate only served to heighten the freak factor. 
But Donald is different. Retracing his steps long after the fact, true, Donna and her mother would discover that he had begun by booking a single night, then another, a whole string of them, followed by the eventual weekly rate that he settles into. Yet even in this there is no indication he might be any different than the rest of the extended stay folks, for a large percentage of them may have followed the same curve. He is 87 years old, however, and this sets him apart from everyone else. So too does his evident normality, a quality seriously lacking the rest. 
What begins as friendly hellos somehow evolves into swinging by with a couple packs of cigarettes, to his room on the backside of this dirt lot, this fleabag motel. Donna would remain there for hours, just listening to him talk. Sometimes she leans against the waist high dresser, sometimes she fashions a seat upon its surface, either cross legged or with her feet dangling and back against the wall. The room fills up with the twin engines of their cigarette smoke, and he regales her with his past.
She has no history of this sort of thing, finding old timers and their war stories interesting or relevant. Then again, maybe this just calls to mind those nightly rap sessions she and Ella always had, minus the alcohol. Donna never brings anything stronger than a soft drink, though she does with increasing frequency swing by with items Cabell requests from the store. She doesn’t drink any more, period, she doesn’t do anything. Her shifts run five or more days a week from six a.m. to two in the afternoon, and there are plenty of nights she doesn’t leave his room until ten or eleven. The tv is rarely on and even then, again reminiscent at those nights at the trailer with Ella, only for background noise, there is no music. Conversation alone sustains their interaction.
He was thirty years retired from a thirty year career with the railroad. Before that, he’d served for a spell in the navy, on solid land loading and unloading equipment from a port on the Outer Banks in North Carolina. Settled somewhere in Kentucky with the eventual railroad career, a wife and kids and all that. In other words, nothing all that dramatic or interesting. He is curious to some degree about modern culture and what high school life and dating rituals are like in this day and age, and so forth, but Donna mostly soft pedals her experiences here and changes the subject back to him or to the weather or anything else as quickly as she could. He doesn’t wax at length about old crooners or film stars from the 50s or Joe DiMaggio or whatever, none of that dreadful crap. She could never determine why she had found him so compelling from the beginning, though often believing that in the back of her mind, somehow, she must have known. 
Or maybe Erica Dawes was running through her thoughts, and this one kind deed of befriending a lonely old man was Donna’s attempt to balance her karmic scales. To rectify old wrongdoings. Inevitably, though, conversation turns to just what Cabell is doing here, exactly, and it was with this turn that their friendship begins to assume a strange texture.
His wife of more than sixty years had passed away back in the late days of winter, and as was typically the case, depression set in. They had apparently owned for decades a vacation home up on the banks of Lake Erie which they ventured to every summer, at least until they were in their mid 70s, and as warm weather approached, Cabell became consumed with traveling there. He didn’t wish to rot away at their memory suffused homestead in Kentucky, he wanted to watch the sunset from his wooden porch on the lake, until his number came up and he rode over the horizon with it, so to speak.
Some of what he tells her she relates to her mother, who dismisses it as the work of an active but senile imagination. But Ella hadn’t spent one thousandth the time with Cabell as Donna, she had no foundation on which to base these assumptions. His legs were nearly purple from poor circulation, his knees scarred heavily from extensive surgery. Yet his mind was sound by all appearances - he never, for instance, repeated old stories or contradicted himself, two surefire caution flags. Thus this saga, up to his eventual appearance in Middlefork, she tended to take at face value.
For weeks following his wife’s death he had stewed around the house. Eventually, that house on the lake preoccupied his thoughts, he would dwell on it every waking moment. Compounding misery, the family dog, Tobey, kicks the bucket due to old age as well - or rather, surely some combination of decay and grief, the same maladies that afflict Donald - and its master could take no more of this sitting around. 
It began with urgent calls to his descendants, none of which still lived within a two hour drive. Begging them to come get him, to bestow a ride north, where he intends to live out his days. But one and all they refused this, some with more subtle trickery than others, some coming forthright with their reservations that he was too old and that this was dumb. 
He took to walking around the neighborhood, attempting to bribe his neighbors into giving him a lift. No sum was too great. Nonetheless, they uniformly shot him down as well. The nearest airport was hours away, ditto any taxi service he was aware of out here in the sticks of southern Kentucky. Once he went as far as calling a cab anyway, yet in another one of the inexplicable coincidences life was forever doling out, on that particular Sunday afternoon one of his son-in-laws decided to drop by unannounced to check up on Donald. He was always a smug, self righteous son of a bitch anyway - insisted upon being referred to as Jeffrey, for instance, never Jeff - and he went through the roof when, less than a half hour later, that yellow sedan eased into the driveway and honked its horn. Paid the fare out of his own pocket did Jeffrey, dispatched the man without his intended cargo.
Hushed voices would follow amongst various family members across the telephone wires. Or waves, or beams, or whatever the hell they were called, Donald cursed, now that nobody used a landline anymore. On the subsequent afternoon just a few days later that the sheriff and his sidekick showed up, Donald was kicking back on the front porch with a beer, and offered them one as well. Naturally they refused. 
If there was any chapter in Cabell’s story that rung of possible bullshit, it was the next, and yet he had made it here, he was living in this fleabag hotel, she had seen his Kentucky ID and thus Donna tended to believe him. Why make it up? Even he confessed he wasn’t quite sure how he managed, which seemed an odd choice if one were fabricating a tale. All he knew was that after two or three weeks in the nursing home, despising every minute of it, he had somehow managed to walk right off of the property, and he never looked back. By his estimation, he must have traipsed “eight or ten” miles that scorching summer day, drifting as it did from mid morning to late afternoon. He made it to the interstate and a short distance up the shoulder of it, before the inevitable exhaustion set in. Had a seat on some railing and contemplated what his next move would be, if any, if he took another step before some search party hunted him down. Then a trucker pulled off the side of the road, and the next thing he knew he was northward bound.
A huge gamble, maybe, on Donald’s part, this 87 year old man hopping aboard some strange vessel. But the way he explained to Donna, meeting a grisly fate at his age was really just the same as rocking away into the sunset on his porch - either scenario far better than decaying into dust inside some nursing home.
The trucker made it as far as that motel in Middlefork before exhaustion crept in. They took separate rooms, with the assurance that the final leg of his odyssey would reach fruition the following day - the trucker was bound for Erie, PA, he said, and had no problem detouring to the lake. Yet for whatever reason by first light the trucker was gone.
He was apparently in no tremendous urgency to finish the rest, as he never came right out and asked Donna for help. For that matter, if he could afford to pay by the week here with whatever pension and/or Social Security money he was receiving, then he could have surely taken a cab across the remaining hour or so drive north. But he did no such thing. Meanwhile, summer slid into autumn, and then it was late October. Just as winter was nipping at their heels and he should have by all rights been thinking about a move in the other direction, he made his first and only plea during one of their less and less frequent late night chats.
“Donna, I believe I’ve stayed on all I can here,” he croaked, in his even but time worn voice, “I hate to ask you this, but can you take me up there? It don’t have to be tomorrow, but your first day off....”
She waved him off with her cigarette hand, just as she would when he offered payment. Of course she would take him up there, the following afternoon if need be. 
Which is precisely what it turns into. An hour and a half all told, no maps and no GPS, just Donald’s clear and straight directions that never miss a beat. Port Happenstance, a place she’s never heard of much less visited, and if drug store postcard scenery isn’t really her thing, she has to admit if one were in one’s late 80s there were certainly far worse places to lay down the bones for good. Anyway, who was she to say, as Middlefork was really no better. Pulling up a dirt lane beside a dilapidated grey shingle house obscured by trees, she could hear the water crashing against a nearby shoreline. 
He didn’t immediately step out of the vehicle. Night had long since fallen, but his eyes took on a bright, almost mischievous tone as he stared ahead at the property, his mouth assuming a half smile. It occurred to her then to wonder if the jackass son and law or whoever didn’t know about this place, and wouldn’t simply track Cabell down here, but it was too late. She also mused - not for the first or last time - about the similarity of their first names, as if fate had always lying in wait for this incredulous, inevitable adventure. 
And then with a shake of the hand and a warm, wry smile in her direction, he is out of the vehicle and shambling across the overgrown lawn. She sits for a moment with the engine running, headlights illuminating a plot of sandy lane Cabell had long since moved through and passed. Then she throws the station wagon into reverse and begins the long drive home.
October bleeds into winter. She and her mother spend those frosty, interminable nights with the kitchen oven on for heat, talking long into the night as they always have at this trailer. Since dropping out Donna never went out, didn’t bother putting on makeup, had not been with anyone, and this was truly all she had now, this and the motel. Talk would often turn to Cabell, wondering what he was up to and if still alive, trips up to see him they kept planning though well aware these would never come off.
Five months after last seeing Cabell she receives a letter in the mail, at the motel. Address pecked onto the envelope from an actual old fashioned typewriter, she observes at first glance, which immediately sets it apart, which keeps it from the trash bin. Inside a single sheet of notebook paper, but though she instantly recognizes the shaky large block handwriting, there are no pleasantries of any sort. Merely a key taped to this page, a crudely drawn map, and some instructions:

GO AT NIGHT
TELL NO ONE

And then an arrow pointing to a lane, separated from the house by what was apparently a small patch of woods, with one more command to 

PARK HERE 
WALK THRU TREES

Cabell. Damn him. Donna allows herself an impressed smirk and tucks the letter in her apron.
Per his request, she mentions this transmission to not a single soul, not even her mother. When the nosy desk clerk at the motel inquires about the mysterious envelope, Donna merely tells the fat middle aged bitch it was “bill collectors” and quickly changes the subject. 
Donna spends a week alternately thrilled beyond containment and filled to her eyeballs with dread. Eventually she lights off for the spot on the map one night after work - Kentucky, of course, presumably to the home he’d made all those years with his wife. 
She finds the spot on the lane where he intended her to park, for he was nothing if not an excellent and detailed giver of directions. Flashlight in hand, she creeps along the nearly imperceptible path cutting through this grove of softly swaying trees. Nature conspires to further the ominous mood with storm clouds swirling overhead, and she understands that this is surely what causes amateur criminals to crack, the nerves. Of course she is no criminal, at least not in this instance, she has Cabell’s letter tucked into her front jeans pocket just in case something goes haywire. Yet even though it’s after one a.m. and there’s seemingly not a soul awake for miles, even though these woods’ gloomy silence truly bespeaks of ignorance rather than wisdom, it is impossible to shake the feeling there are a million eyes on her.
The key gains entry into a musty garage, which she hesitates to enter even after pushing the creaky door open. Ghost stories have taken root for a reason, primarily that there is nothing more terrifying on the planet that stepping into an empty house at night alone, particularly one you’ve never set foot in. But the flashlight points the way past some ancient, oil slick blue Oldsmobile, boasting tail fins and all, to a kitchen door that swings open without resistance.
Cabell certainly could have done with a little more instruction. It might have been useful for Donna to know that, for instance, that the stairs leading into the basement were on the brink of collapse, wobbling with every step and in particular those first three hurried paces before righting herself. And this is the image that flashes through her mind, braining herself as the stairs collapse and dying in this basement.
Junk is piled everywhere, a lifetime’s worth. Barbie dolls from forgotten decades that are still in their packages, cut up pieces of wood on and around a jigsaw in the middle of the room, clothes everywhere. Christmas decorations. In the furthest corner, she pushes an ancient television set out of the way, then a toboggan, then a rusted ironing board. All this just to get to piles upon piles upon piles of newspaper, many of the stacks taller than she, much of it sporting some sort of water damage.
Amazingly, the thought just now seeps into her mind that he is a crazy old man and that this is nothing more than an elaborate goose chase. She contemplates turning around and forgetting all of this, or at least exploring other parts of the house. Plus with every move she makes, she’s convinced she hears footsteps overhead, and is often stopping, listening. Still, with a sigh she plows on, moving these neatly twined - at least there is that much working in her favor - stacks of ancient southern Kentucky news out of the way. 
At last, she comes upon a tiny wrought iron safe. The numbers he’d written at the top of the page without any indication what they might be, she tries these four times and nearly jumps out of her skin with alarm when the latch does click. Inside, a handgun in a paper bag, some antique coins in another. Of exceedingly greater interest, however, are the stacks and stacks of very large bills. So many of Cabell’s cryptic comments now make sense to her, but there’s no time to contemplate this. She finds a trash bag full of clothes amid the wreckage, dumps these out and fills it with cash. She stomps up the stairs with as much care as haste will allow and books it out of there.
Driving home, she finds herself wishing she had checked out the remainder of the house. 
So how much dough does she walk out of that house with? If you took what an average big city lawyer made in a year and then doubled that, well, you’d be in the ballpark. Too spooked to keep this money in her room even, or for that matter anywhere in Middlefork, she opens a safe deposit box in Lima and dumps all the cash in there. Figuring she owes it to Cabell, she studies up on all the anti-government things he’d been saying, those weeks and weeks in his room. Part of this begins by depositing, like clockwork, roughly the same amount in cash that she was taking home from the hotel every week. Keeps her job there for appearance’s sake until all the money is nestled safely away. Continues educating herself, online and at the library, registers to vote and all that. A few years go by, she plops down cash for a foreclosed house.
Bumping into one of the girls from the motel an afternoon pumping gas in town, Donna’s told there’s a post card addressed to her that arrived there a few weeks earlier. Intrigued, she drives over to check it out. Showing some truly wintry scenes and bearing the legend DISCOVER THE YUKON!  on the front, there is merely a giant bold ? on its flipside, that and the motel’s address made out in some very recognizable shaky block letters. The postmark is, quite naturally, of Canadian origin. By this point, he would have to be 93. Donna smiles and tucks the card away.



“What the fuck was that back there! You totally sold out everyone!” Donna shouts at James.
“How do you figure?”
“Scott’s down, Eric’s stuck back there helping him...poor Eric....and meanwhile you’re in my ear screaming at me to floor it! Best buddies for life, right?”
“Hold on. Let’s back up a second and analyze what really happened instead of all this hysterical nonsense.”
“Fuck it,” Scott says, grimacing as he adjusts the bandage on his leg, “it could have gone a million different ways, most of them probably bad.”
“Yeah but hang on, here’s what really went down, okay?” James says, “I get to the car ahead of these two, I’m in the van, I can’t see any sign of either one of them. We got bad guys with guns on our heels, Donna’s just sitting there. Are Scott and Eric on their way? Shot? Did they stop to have a picnic? I have no idea, and neither do you! Should we sit there a half hour and see what happens? Call me crazy, but I can pretty much guarantee that was not such a hot idea.”
“I don’t know,” Donna allows, flicking ash out the window of her new perch in the passenger seat, “it just seemed really messed up at the time.”
“Yeah, well, I’m telling you that’s how it was. And anyway, how is it you have nothing to say about my steering us out of there? Even if we all make it to the van in one piece and drive back toward downtown - which I’m sure is exactly what anyone else would have done - it would have been an ambush.”
“Maybe you’re right. Who knows. Forget it,” Donna sighs, places a palm against her forehead, “all I’m saying though is, poor Eric.”
“Well yeah, who’d disagree with that.”
After that first extensive roadblock clear back in southern Ohio, they’d painstakingly chosen routes that would allow them to follow the river while either avoiding the interstate entirely or passing underneath it. At first it confounds them, attempting to make headway amid in such zigzag fashion, except it went both ways, in that whatever their government/law enforcement adversaries in mind for those rubble strewn stretches of real estate, those roads did neither side much good in their current state. Equally puzzling in the question of what use such cumbersome and outdated transportation as those barges might offer. Then again, while trains were surely being utilized elsewhere, everyone had agreed in their roundtable discussions, these were simply not practical here in the east. Locomotives had fallen out use, the tracks were in disarray. Or was this merely something they did not understand about their current situation? Why not trains? They’d seen and heard nary a one. And the same question applied to aircraft.
“We’re clearly headed out to sea,” James notes.
“Which means whatever they’re hauling in those ships is going...well, wherever it’s going. Somewhere else, another country,” Donna says.
“Which makes our situation global,” says Scott.
Dodging interstates became trickier with each mile to the east, here in the industrialized hub of the country. The back and forth of advanced scouting missions had led them to a sprawling, abandoned country home near the tiny town of Carrollton, by the southern shore of the James River as it fed into the Atlantic. A house the three of them have not yet seen, though pieced together in their minds via vague descriptions Steve has given them and the much more extensive ones Randy and Kirk have reported. Maps that everyone has tucked away leading the way there, as capture leaves them compromised regardless and handing over a map is a lot less painful than torture. 
“And like, Jesus Christ, who’s even had the time to think about anything?” Donna offers in somewhat disjointed fashion, “I mean like that shit back there with Dr. Logan, we haven’t had any time at all to stop and come up with any ideas at all. It’s been nonstop motion and that’s already become like ancient history.”
“We haven’t had five quiet minutes this whole time,” Scott says.
“I wasn’t there,” James says.
“For that matter, we’ve only kind of gotten to know one another, but not really.”
The house itself is not within sight of the sea. As instructed, they pull into the long gravel driveway just far enough to squeeze in the van, and then stop. Exit with their hands in the air, with every door flung open and the engine off. Paranoia manifesting in vivid fashion, perhaps, though no more in this than the unexpected sight of a yard nearly entirely blockaded by cement highway barriers, apparently transported here during whatever free time in their travels Randy and Kirk had.
As for the home, it was chosen, beyond location, for its age and its size, its wide open front yard. Plenty of upstairs windows to fire from, a sturdy structure to withstand attack. Clear lines of vision in every direction, and miles from the nearest town but much closer to the banks of the James.
Further compounding their surprise are the five individuals who come piling out the front door, rifles in hand, opposed to the two they were expecting. Patting down the freshly arrived trio, Randy wears his customary bandana yet also a wide eyed, all business grimace, the look of someone who takes his post of second unit director a little too seriously.
“Easy! Easy!” James says, choking out a chuckle as he does.
“How you like this? The leaders have become the strangers,” Donna marvels, shouts at them, “don’t you know who we are!?”
“Who are they?” Scott asks, with a smirk that suggests his attitude matches James.
“Community is built on trust I suppose,” James says.
“Exactly! Put the fucking guns away!” Donna blurts. Red in the face and sweating, but a minute too late as the three of them have apparently already passed the audition. Randy even waves off a sixth man sitting up in a nearby tree.
“No, I meant us. We have to trust them, too.”



Steve had ridden in the back of a squad car a handful of times in his forty two years, but never the front. Bogus replication or not he’s determined to do so now, in fact he would like to drive. Motions to the one dude already in the vehicle to slide over - sad, he can’t remember their names, and doesn’t bother asking again - directs the other to sit in back. And they are off, rolling out of town maybe a half hour before true daybreak.
Eldorado aside, they have no idea what happens to the rest of their squadron. Scott’s knowledge of electronics had been a surprising find, but even so they’d not thought to wire anyone else but the six fake officers for sound, somehow. On the rooftop Steve’s face had crept alive with a wry smirk, to see that off the wall but obviously well educated black man roll through those gates near the dock, in the midst of that procession of piggies. They’d heard the gunfire erupting on both sides of town, bookending them, but were left grasping for now at what any of it meant - an oversight he would surely correct with later engagements.
With a man on the inside, sending these backups in seemed an unnecessary and probably pointless risk. Nothing more was likely to come of having three spies as opposed to just the one. So too was any notion of sniping targets from his perch thrown out the window, irresistible as the prospect had been: fun but relatively inconsequential.
They’d chosen this hour for flight because driving without headlights was possible, but other vehicles were sure to have them on. One more safeguard, though every indication gave this makeshift police force - Steve still wasn’t sure how it had been assembled, exactly - as spread paper thin and a confrontation improbable. They were dicking around down at the dock, loading those barges, unless some kind of alarm went off. His take on the situation, though there was no reason now to start getting sloppy and lax.
Catching Eldorado’s dispatches was going to prove a hit and miss proposition at best. Someone would hug the shoreline when possible, and pray that these occasions would coincide with him having material to relate and the means to do so. 
They move due north out of downtown, a more circuitous route than logic would imply, if not for safety concerns and the need to remain camouflaged. 



“Turnbull! Hey Turnbull!” the chief is calling out, or whatever his official title is down here on the loading dock. And though a sickening dread floods the pit of his stomach as a lead anchor might, Eldorado spins around in response. 
“Turnbull, can you....say, wasn’t Turnbull white?” chief says to the others, nobody in particular, just the uniformed men whirling past him on all sides on the dock, “I thought Turnbull was white?” And his figure, of medium height but muscular build, head shaved bald, with sharp blue eyes and a beak nose, wearing the name badge BAKER, he inspects Eldorado in this instant with particular acumen, motionless, missing nothing. 
Eldorado feels his jaw harden, as a hand hovers just above the holster at his right hip. He likely wouldn’t get three paces before they mowed him down, yet the need to lash out like a cornered animal was in fact a human instinct, too. And it beat the panicked flight, or standing still doing nothing.
“No, you’re thinking of Tremain!” one of the officers called out, to the left of Eldorado, a younger recruit. He was sliding a dolly underneath two wooden crates, as a person on the other side steadied them. “Tremain was white,” he reassures the chief.
“Should’ve seen him out there on call,” the one Eldorado remembers as Collins says, with a throaty, smoke ravaged chuckle, as he pulls an actual flask from his pants pocket and takes a pull, “you wouldn’t be questioning him, then. Total madman,” Collins adds, regarding Eldorado fondly, “take him out there with me anytime.” He tilts the flask up toward the chief’s mouth, as the latter makes a disgusted face and waves it away.
“Come on, knock that shit off,” he says. 
Eldorado can’t figure this operation out for anything. On one hand nobody seems to have the first clue what the overall objective is, and clearly formalities are lax. Yet by the same token they move and achieve results with deceptive efficiency. Simple tasks have been pounded into the heads of these men, but the big picture is missing from their arsenal, unlike, say, the military operations he has covered, included the one he was however remotely involved in first hand. With those the soldiers seemed well aware of what was at stake, and the overarching long term game plan. But these cadets are seriously creepy, with their wordless, relentless forward motion. He’d guess them aliens or robots if not for the dog eared edges on display, their obvious bedeviling humanity, its weird jokes and disjointed memories and random pop culture references.
A more pressing question than them, however, is himself, as in how not to stand out like an underage kid barhopping on a fake ID. He gauges that the most effective attack will be a three pronged effort that consists of a) looking like he knows what he’s doing, b) carrying that motion into as deserted an area as he can find, and then c) disappearing completely. He doesn’t know jack squat about boats, either, but recognizes that this mission is worthless unless he incorporates it, too, in his thinking. And so with the next guy that comes along, pushing a dolly, he hops behind a stack of two crates. He becomes spotter, so to speak, and with this chore he passes unquestioned by anyone as he backs his way up the ramp, ahead of these boxes, onto the barge’s ground floor. Or whatever the hell you call it. 



Death arrives not at all like expected. No blinding white light, no out of body experience, no warp speed slide show of his life zipping past. There are random memories, sure, but mostly - and this strikes him as odd - he wonders what the others in the group think when think of Eric Green. How they regard him. The pain as he lays here is often unbearable, and he wishes those squad cars had just rolled over his body instead of skipping this street altogether. Yet when he’s not focusing upon it, his mind might float in random sequence from some party from his early twenties, to a profit generating twist he’d generated at work, to Tracy James, to his parents, to some conversational bit he’d enjoyed on the way here with Eldorado or Donna or whoever. 
You wrap your mind around your current situation with greater facility than one might imagine. It sounds cruel, but family is on his mind a whole lot less than one would have supposed just a week ago, it’s on everyone’s mind a lot less, he’d wager. You naturally drift toward the light, and even though the grief surrounding their disappearances were what you pulled into some brave and noble endeavor such as this - or at least grief mingled with fear for your own safety - the bonds you’ve established since then prey on your mind more. 
In between these daggers of pain, yes, he does occasionally curse his rotten luck. The bullet fired a random one, but that’s just it, and he knows he represents a fairly large target, there, yet it could have lodged or ricocheted anywhere. Will the others think of him as a hero, are they aware he pushed Scott out of harm’s way? He passes out now and then. When he comes to, he’s conscious of his subconscious, that he’d been stitching together dreams made of debates they’d actually entertained, and things he wishes that he’d said.
His last thoughts concern the absurdity of it all. Eric doesn’t doubt that this country was founded on brave men and women doing the right thing at the right time. He doesn’t doubt that without lives lost in certain key battles of certain wars, they would not enjoy the freedoms that they do, or did until about a year or two ago. But he’s also sure that a great deal of those losses were unnecessary and meaningless. Yet how do you differentiate the two in advance? You can’t.
Except he knows that his own dying here is completely meaningless. It changes nothing. This struggle, for lack of a better term, would have played out just the same. And since he is ostensibly doing this for his family, that’s really what he would like to ask them, if they could have just one last conversation now: in what way would they want him to honor them? Out here mixing it up in a series of increasingly outlandish episodes, objective unclear, or finding some remote plot of land, say, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, or somewhere tropical, or wherever, just kicking back and remembering them and keeping to himself? Maybe find a woman and make a home wherever?
And so this is what he’d most like to tell the others, given that one last opportunity which was obviously never going to happen. Call it a day. Forget this nonsense. They win. All his clever political points that he’d been waiting for the perfect moment to unveil, his wisecracks which were spring loaded with just the right amount of substance, his devil may care anachronisms, the sometimes obscure means he went about to try and take a stance, that none of it matters. No one notices or cares, it changes nothing.
He hears the motorcycle whining from what sounds like a block or two away, drawing ever nearer. Its buzzsaw shriek eventually catches up to him, and as the choppy idle registers in its muffler, he looks up and can’t believe it’s a friendly face he recognizes. She drops the kickstand and then drops down in the flesh beside him, she cradles his head in her hands, runs her fingers through his hair as his head rests in her lap. 



“We never did settle that debate we started back in....Sticksville or whatever that college town was. Where Logan did his thing.”
“What debate was that?” Scott asks.
“You know, the fifth grade science class debate, or whatever you want to call it,” Donna explains, “let’s say out of everyone who’s been involved on our side this entire time - going back to Grandma and Marty and all of it - pick, say, the seven people you would choose to keep, and why.”
“Hey, I like this!” James says, perking up as much as someone can while sitting on the floor, back against the wall, “nobody ever told me....”
Donna has been up to her usual tricks all afternoon, freeing pets from here all the way into town and back. Knowing Steve will surely freak, but not caring, should he arrive and find this ragged assortment of dogs and cats cavorting merrily across the spacious lawn, many engaged in chasing one another if not some of the more unfortunate characters good conscience insisted she pardon - the hamsters and the birds, the turtles. Fish she took to the nearest body of water, figuring their chances of survival were no worse here than in the tanks where they’d surely rot. Snakes, well, popping the hatch on their cages was as far as she could bring herself. 
Other than some strays who’d weaseled their way indoors, she and James and Scott are the only present occupants. Randy has his minions are engaged in weird projects around the yard, which the three of them could not have any less interest in. Fortifying the perimeter as though this was meant to be some permanent compound rather than a night holdover, two at the most.
“These dudes remind me of those movies we used to see,” Donna starts, glancing up with distaste as someone hoists an iron grill over one living room window, begins drilling it into place, “where a group of the quote unquote good guys goes a little crazy and renegade and completely takes over. Or tries to, anyway.”
“Yeah, uh....,” Scott grins and rubs his chin. Snap on shades affixed to his prescription glasses despite the relative lack of light in here, he stands right hand on hip in the middle of the room. Short sleeved plaid shirt and knee length jean shorts, grass stained sneakers and white stocks pulled to the top of his ankles. In other words, the standard outfit. “I don’t know that any of them would really make my list....”
“Wait, though, who did everyone come up with? Who were the people on your lists?” James asks. He sits in his own customary pose, meanwhile, on the floor with back against the wall.
“Well that’s just it, we never got around to answering that one, really,” Donna says, “but if I had to say now, let’s see...”
“So far I’d say you’re a lock,” Scott tells her.
“Me? How so?”
“Only female,” he shrugs.
“No, no, you totally weren’t paying attention! It’s anybody who’s been involved with our crew, period, from the beginning,” she reiterates, “so Jennifer....”
James purses his lips, says, “hmm,” and nods approvingly.
“....or even Marty’s right hand girl, what was her name, Natalie?”
“Eh,” says Scott.
“Hey! It’s not polite to speak ill of the deceased!” Donna states.
“I wasn’t talking ill. I just said eh.”
Donna giggles and notes, “actually, I’m not sure I’d take any of our early people, either. Grandma? She could cook? Allegedly?”
“Our founding fathers,” James notes with a wry smirk.
“I like that,” she says, “but then what about like, Marty? He was good at...organizing people? Steve’s obviously better.”
“Yeah Steve’s a lock, too,” Scott says.
“But that’s just it, is Steve a lock?” James questions, “is he really this tremendous leader we’ve made him out to be? I mean, look at us, we’re scattered all over the map. Eric’s dead and who knows how many others. And yet what do we have to show for it? We’ve spied on some people and blown a couple things up.”
“Yeah, well, at least he hasn’t led a whole mob of us into extinction,” Donna says, fumbling through her summer dress pockets for a pack of cigarettes, lighting one of them, “not yet, anyway.”
“So Donna, Jennifer, Steve...,” Scott muses.
“Whoa, hold up, hold up!” James says, sticking an actual hand in the air as if to stem the flow of conversation, “not so fast.”
“You saying no Steve?”
“I’m saying Donna, Jennifer, you, maybe Steve, me....”
“Me?” Scott questions.
“Some of what you’ve done with electronics,” James shrugs, “this has to be good. Plus you know cars.”
“You?” Donna questions.
“I’m resourceful. And smart. I always find a way. In fact that’s what I want you guys to put on my tombstone, should you outlive me: HE ALWAYS FOUND A WAY.”
“Until the time he didn’t,” Scott jokes.
“But then again, that’s selfishness talking, surely, right? I mean who am I to say anything I have to offer is more important than what, like, Eldorado might bring to the table?”
“Yeah! At least we know for a fact he can crank out kids,” Donna muses. After a pause, she adds, “but what else about him? Is a journalist that important?”
“See now that’s where you’d get into what I think is nice to have, versus what’s essential,” James says, “I think a writer is only of any use in a larger society, not when you’re talking about survival. Although it’s true that any historic account of all this would be fascinating, and possibly of use to future generations.”
“You see what you’re doing, though, don’t you? We’re mostly picking out the people we’re closest to, regardless of merit,” Donna says, “I mean, I’ve never had any kids, I’ve never even had a scare. I haven’t slept with anyone in....well, never mind that....but for all anyone knows, the plumbing doesn’t even work. So what about Natalie? What about muscles? Is strength important? What about that guy - what was his name? - the last guy we saw alive outside the college...”
“Mike?” Scott says.
“Yeah, what about Mike? For all we knew he was skilled in some crucial way. At the very least a strong, able body.”
“Umm, actually, I think I’d probably lean more toward Luke in that category. Plus he’s a halfway decent shot,” Scott says.
“I think I’d lean toward a few of those dudes I was locked up in jail with,” James says, “for a number of reasons. But it’s not like we’re picking from surgeons and scientists, here, I mean this is a pretty ragged crew we’re working with....”
Outside, the whine of a motorcycle first reaches their ears, steadily drawing nearer. By now it is nearly nightfall of their second night here, and without any thinking about it they’d slowly abandoned notions of seeing anyone else from Richmond surface. As though they didn’t dare think about how unlikely it was at this late date, or talk about it, for fear of jinxing the odds.
They stand up and scramble for a decent view through the now iron grilled window. The cycle whips into their gravel drive just barely - checked just shy of a concrete barrier now blocking it, too - and a few stray shots ring out, followed by the crisply enunciated report of someone shouting out, “motherfucker!”
Dumfounded they hover silent, listening for more, but the next sound of note is the crash of their front door slamming open, as Jennifer stomps in and throws her helmet across the room.
“Assholes! What the fuck are they doing out there?”
In her other hand she’s holding a backpack, pine green in color and bearing a strong resemblance to the one formerly belonging to Eric. As she exhales a series of strained, heaving breaths and unzips her jacket, color slowly drains from her face. James slinks back against the wall but the other two regard her with rapt silence.
“Where have you been?” Donna asks, almost in a whisper.
“Collecting my thoughts,” she says, adds, “here,” and throws the backpack into James’s lap. “I’m guessing it fell out in the melee?”
“You saw him? Was he....you know....”
Jennifer nods under the evident weight of gravity and says, “yeah. He was.”
Spotlight beams and then the distinctive popping of rifles outside draw their attention to a rear panel of living room windows. Branching off to view the spectacle from separate portals, the four of them shake their heads in distaste and horror as Randy and his crew practice clay pigeon drills in the back yard. As the practitioners are by now fully submerged under the cloak of night, those viewing this spectacle indoors uniformly agree this seems an odd moment for honing such a skill. Even the dogs Donna has let loose seemingly voice their agreement, with yips and barks and howls both inside the house and out. 
“What the fuck....,” Scott mutters.
“Wait till Steve sees this,” says Donna.
“To hell with Steve!” Jennifer says, “I’ll go tell them to knock it off.”
“I agree,” James says, “let’s wait on Steve is exactly the kind of thinking that got us into this mess.”
“You can agree,” Jennifer snarls, turning her sharp green gaze upon him, searing with it, standing as it just on this side of hatred’s cusp, “but I don’t see you marching out there to do anything about it.”
“I’ve got no problem telling anyone anything,” James fires back, “but I like to come up with an alternative first. So far I have none.”
“All I know is I’m not waiting around on someone to grant me the authority to take charge,” she says.
James contorts his face into a look of absurd disbelief, of an almost overpowering distaste and replies, “fuck authority. We need good ideas, that’s what we need.”
Without response, Jennifer turns on her heels and exits the room. As the three of them stand transfixed at their respective windows staring out, a black Labrador brushes up against their legs, stares up at them for unrequited approval. To their right, atop a corner bookshelf, a grey tom purrs contentedly, eyes closed. As if glued to one of the action movies Donna had alluded to, albeit a silent one, they watch with mute, wide eyed tension as Jennifer storms across the backyard, confronts Randy. Stomping boots and pointed fingers flying, her own target, human, stands at first with a smug smirk on his face, turning to toss off wisecracks to the rogues gallery gathered behind him. From here body language tells all, however - the bandanna clad heads drops and there’s a swift cessation to the impromptu artillery show. A retreat to a semi circle of compadres, jokes cracked to feign indifference and save face as Jennifer marches back toward the house.
“Are you saying you have no ideas, James?” Donna says, facing him. And as he in turn glances toward her, he sees that there are tears brimming in her eyes. This seems to him an incongruous spot for such, but he says nothing and she adds, “because I find that hard to believe.”
“Oh no,” he tells her, and his smile is meant as a calmly confident one, “rest assured, I’ve got ideas. This just wasn’t the place for them.”



General consensus has it that their west side excursion turned into a complete bloodbath. Divining that which had to be true because so many people vocally ratified it versus that which had morphed and spread, becoming hearsay, this was not always the easiest talent to sharpen, but Eldorado tended to believe he had the knack. A reporter was nothing if he couldn’t smell horse dung from a few stables away, and that’s all this assignment represented, the most white knuckled, edge of your seat reportage he’d ever done. Which meant he trusted his instincts in these matters twice as much now, from the magnified intensity focusing his every heartbeat to a pencil point. 
So the details may have been off a bit, but the story he kept hearing didn’t stray too far from its thread line: out there at that post office on the west side, the baddies had hemmed in and mowed down everyone on the ground floor, their would be spies included. That Luke had put up one hell of a fight on the rooftop before finally running out of ammo. Eldorado did wonder how much of this Steve and the other two, centrally located moles knew, but he hadn’t seem them as was guessing they’d either never been deployed or had not made it in.
“Eldorado speaking here, Eldorado speaking....I have not gotten a good look at the cargo yet, the crates are secure and storage whereabouts unknown...central organization spotty...they seem to have an objective in mind and clearly defined superiors, but organization and enforcement is otherwise lax....”
He was laying predominantly atop a shelf of dry goods in some janitorial hold down below, in the ship’s undercarriage or whatever it was called. For two days he dared not move, except to urinate in a dim, cobwebbed corner. Forty seven years old and this is his first experience ever in any vessel larger than a fishing boat on some family campground lake, but the heave and ho motion he found not upsetting in the least. On the contrary, as with lack of food the urge to sleep grew greater, this gentle sway as they heaved their way upriver - or was it downriver - eased him into dreamland.
“Have heard mention of continuing out to sea, repeat, this ship may be heading out to sea...crew in general seem uninformed, however, would not take tremendous stock in this assessment.”
By the third morning, however, it was clear that he would need to venture outward. Any information he‘d related had been acquired during his initial handful of hours on board, and not only that, there was the issue of food. Maybe plane wreck survivors or someone lost in the desert could survive without such, and he supposes he could as well in a situation where there truly was no food. Yet the knowledge that there had to be all kinds of edible booty stored on board here made this notion insupportable. 
“Questions concerning your Dr. Logan were carefully presented to various crew members, would not seem to ring a bell with anyone...President Chadwick’s name is also seldom mentioned.”
In the back of one’s mind, two notions about this great country’s president always ran concurrent. That he was the public face spun onto a body of policy, policy decided upon in fairly clandestine fashion by a panel of henchmen, officials both elected and appointed. Yet at the same time having an agenda of his own he would push through, presumably with the help of these people he’s surrounded himself with, often accomplished only by political maneuvering and deal making into non responsive legislative houses. 
Except this current dilemma called all of this into question. Maybe it no longer applied, maybe it had not applied for decades. Maybe the illusion of control was presented merely to soothe the public, maybe in the wake of Bristling’s nightmare term there would be no soothing the public. Two days alone and counting, though, Eldorado had an abundance of time to contemplate the things that had gone missing without anyone’s having noticed. Nary an ambulance or fire truck for months now. Fresh faces on the magazine stand. You missed like a phantom limb the extensions of your own existence which had seemed so crucial to survival - the phones, the internet, even the reassurance of planes droning overhead and a disc jockey’s voice on the radio - and yet the president’s whereabouts, a matter of arguably greater importance, neither he nor anyone else he knew had wasted on iota of extraneous thought considering. Again, maybe it really didn’t matter, not any more, but the priorities were telling.
“Isolation would appear high enough to enable back and forth communication...will investigate means of gaining greater information, yet would also like to discuss possibilities of sabotage at some juncture...will indicate in coming days safe zones for discussion...”
That third morning he had simply left his storage facility with the sound overhead of men shuffling off to mess. If discovered, he could always claim curiosity or perhaps that he’d taken a wrong turn. And of course, there was always the pistol clipped so faithfully to his side. You always questioned cowardice in the face of struggle, but Eldorado supposed that nearly everyone would likely react the same way. You just dealt. Animal instincts had not dissipated in the space of a few thousand years. Cornered, you would fire, and then you would be taken down at some point, and it would be over.
He had meandered into a line of uniforms, mostly matching, moving three or four wide toward the cafeteria. Clowning around to the extent they never noticed this man slipping from shadow, adjoining himself onto the back of the pack. A meal wolfed down with near silent veracity at a table of perfectly distant acquaintances - he knew he would look familiar enough to them, yet they would have no reason to wonder where he’s been.
This particular model of operation worked for three days. Once out, he would engage in the tasks assigned to him, much of it menial. They were forever acquiring more and more wooden crates at seemingly every river port this barge encountered, yet he dared not voice the nagging question - what’s in these bad boys, anyway? - out of the fear that such knowledge was so basic, his lack would indicate an impostor in the midst. One entire lower deck was dedicated to the storage of these, however, in impregnable steel cages locked and guarded around the clock. 
At night he would once again find means to slip away. Panic’s acidic chalky enzyme lay dormant in the back of his throat, as he could never really be certain that they hadn’t tied - or wouldn’t eventually tie - the empty cot to his name, and would soon ferret him out. Organization as noted, however, seemed missing beyond a few highly sensitive areas, and he generally did not worry about this. He found an ideal setup even closer to the action, via a ladder in a men’s room that led into some ceiling ductwork. A vent off of which peered down into the hallway, and provided great running commentary via the endless souls walking to and from its corridors.
This fifth night though the sounds of boots scraping and a male’s voice screaming drew ever nearer, the grunt of barked commands telling him to shut up. Eventually through the slats he could see below two legitimate officers in uniform flanking that of a handcuffed mole, Bruce, he of Richmond’s west side unit. Eldorado made the easy and sensible snap decision that this ventilation duct was now home, and was thankful for the food he’d stuffed in his pockets these past three days.



“Not so tremendous, actually,” Steve says, responding to an inquiry from his white side kick. Joshua, he’s pretty sure the kid’s name is, and that the Latino more nearly his own age is Alejandro, but Steve really isn’t terribly concerned about it. You generally did not want to relate to men operating under you that they were dispensable in service of your overall objective, but these people are.
“He really hasn’t picked up much we didn’t know already,” Steve continues, “but at least he’s still alive, unlike Bruce.”
Fucking idiots. He could go over something fifteen times with people, and then even in a case of literal life or death they could not be bothered to pay attention. Or perhaps they felt they knew better, they had it all figured out. How had these morons become so absorbed by television, Steve wonders, how had they focused then on hokey hour long plotlines? Or maybe this had been the point of water cooler discussion the next day, to piece together the remaining fifty minutes of an hour long drama you’d been too zoned out of to comprehend. 
At any rate, Eldorado was not alone, for Bruce and Judith had both managed to infiltrate the enemy, from the crew they set up on the west side. But then shortly after boarding that ship, Bruce had apparently been bleeping and booping at random various buttons on the intercom’s relay piece. He thought he was sounding out Morse code. Sitting in a closet of the laundry room, no less, where all it took was one inquisitive officer to investigate these strange sounds emanating at too high a volume. Naturally, Bruce then began screaming into the intercom that he’d been found. Not that it would have taken a genius to figure out what he was doing, but the enemy now had a few first names, and it was crystal clear to them that a band of rogues was trailing the ship. And unless the figure of authority who’d gotten a hold of Bruce’s transmission gear and threatened Steve over it, unless that officer had answered truthfully in saying, “don’t worry about it,” when Steve pressed him for a name, he had nothing.
Continuing to follow this barge with so little payout of information was risky at best. But he wanted to at least track it to a termination point, or the point at which it veered from this course, whichever came first. And anyway for them to keep tabs on three men traveling by dark with as little fanfare as possible, while not an impossible task, would take a disproportionate burden of manpower. In their smugness they surely assumed Steve would hang himself just like all the others had, and that all his efforts were for naught besides. Actually on this latter point he had no way of determining yet whether he wasn’t in fact wasting time, because there had been virtually no reward to date. Whatever he was accomplishing with these two, however, he could surely nearly accomplish alone, and he had already pounded it into their heads that if they didn’t do as he asked he would take them out himself.
Judith, Bruce’s partner, they’d heard nothing from whatsoever, though she too was presumably on the inside. How he had missed their arrival at the dock there in Richmond Steve wasn’t sure, but the binoculars did obscure your peripheral at times. Eldorado as stated had not delivered much thus far, though Steve held out hope - he was a sharp cat, and seemed to have some definitive goals in mind. His plan of two way communication, sadly, would never transpire, particularly because Steve could never ascertain whether it wasn’t a trap, whether any of it was accurate or safe. In a technical sense the same was true, except the odds of a setup seemed far less when no one could ever verify they were even listening. 
The three of them have slowly crept along the southern bank of the James, tracing by happenstance the contours of its geography. Steve supposes he could have sent one of these men ahead to the rendezvous point, to let the others know his whereabouts and intentions. Curiosity has eaten at even him, too, wondering what became of them and how many remain, these past two days. Yet dispatching a messenger forward, if only briefly, leaves him all the more vulnerable should an attack occur here. 
It isn’t lost on him, the dangers of an outsized ego. But he has to admit that the cat and mouse aspect is in large part what drives him. Particularly after they captured Bruce, their smug howls into the headset that he best just disappear now on his own accord before they ensured he did so permanently. If one was methodical and plotted his every move, if one foresaw every pitfall and had readily available contingencies, if one took his time and struck with precision....well, the advantage of numbers could be nullified, there were strengths to being small. 
He was growing unexpectedly attached to some of the others in this group. They had surprised him with some of their latent gifts, they were well composed in their own ways. He recognizes how difficult it is to assemble even four or five competent individuals who won’t get your head blown off with their idiocies, whom you can trust to execute. Even so, reconnecting with them would have to wait the very least another day, as Steve prioritized keeping tabs on this ship. Not to mention catching Eldorado’s transmissions, or possibly Judith’s - for all anyone knew, these might represent a dying animal. 
Just what the enemy knew of him was impossible to ascertain. Just to be safe they had ditched the squad car and uniforms, for it was likely that ruse would no longer fly. So they picked up Steve’s favorite mode of travel - at least in times of battle - the conversion van. They kept to higher ground and in the cover of a treeline where possible, they avoided even the smallest of towns, they did their best not to become hemmed in against the water. A man awake at all times, alert and on guard.



“So what about Eric?” Donna asks, “does he make the cut?”
“See now, there we are again, I mean,” James chuckles, “not to talk ill of the dead or however you put it, but is humor essential? I mean you could almost classify that as a reactionary trait. Humor is not aggressive. Humor doesn’t provide anything. A sense of humor, that’s just coping after the fact.”
“So no, then?”
“Well I hate to be shitty, but....and anyway, why is my list under such scrutiny? What about yours?”
Donna merely giggles, and the two of them continue their tour of this sprawling old house. A perfect square it is, but a large one, at that, and every single inch of it a scuffed up but nonetheless impressive hardwood floor. Downstairs, Jennifer straddled a chair in the kitchen as Scott began giving her a massage. These two felt they should probably split the scene, thus their first proper inspection of the grounds.
The second morning, the third day of their stay here, and still no sign of or word from Steve. Randy and his cohorts have chilled out on the militaristic leanings such as the clay pigeon episode, having taken to raiding Carrolltown for every possible piece of bounty instead. They’ve also continually kept one person hidden down at the shore line with the radio receiver, rotating individuals out of this post, but there has not yet been any sign of the barge. 
The four of them, meanwhile, have clung mostly to the grounds and discussed at length what to do next - with or without this other seemingly unstable band that they’re still not sure about. James has not yet broached that which is of primary interest to him, what happens at the end of the line, when this barge reaches its termination point. Yet after turning it over in his head for days and having isolated his target, he now vaguely pitches his proposal.
“Look...I feel a little like Steve for thinking along these lines, but,” James says to Donna, “what do you know about training dogs?”
“Dogs?”
“Yeah, I mean, you’re the big pet person, obviously,” James says, “what is it with you and animals, anyway? You must have always been into them, I’m guessing, even as a child?”
“Actually, no...,” she says, and rubs her hands together nervously, stares down at the floor as they come to a halt in some random upstairs hallway, “definitely a development of the past few years, after...well, let’s just say there’s, I have some considerable guilt to deal with. I’m pretty sure it’s connected, somehow.”
“Wow,” James laughs, “and people tell me my points are obscure.”
Donna’s sandals click forward now as she moves to a window at the hall’s abrupt end, facing the back yard from two stories high. 
“You ever notice how people who can’t connect with other people are really into pets?” 
“That’s true,” James muses, drawing up beside her as he takes in the same view as she, “like I had this aunt that absolutely batshit crazy, would scream at people for no apparent reason at like cookouts and stuff. But dammit if she wasn’t really kind to her dogs! Nothing but the finest for them!”
Donna turns her brown eyes to him, collects her long brown hair in her hands before letting it fall down her back in slightly more organized fashion. As her glance shifts absently to the window once more, it all flows out of her, the tales she has uttered to absolutely no one in the intervening years since - her burnout teens, all the boys in her bedroom. Erica Dawes and the old man who materialized out of nowhere, the manner in which he had set Donna up for life. As she recites all this they do not move, and James says little.
“So...,” she sighs, “I mean, you can see why I wrestled so long with this. Still am, I suppose, though more to do now with why am I still alive than anything to with the money. The money is basically worthless now, but at the time, for years there...thinking, why the hell have I been rewarded basically for being a cunt my entire life? Because I never really believed what everyone else does about there being some higher purpose for everything, lessons we’re supposed to learn, that nonsense about everything happens for a reason.”
“And neither have I,” James says at last, “although you’re contradicting yourself there. You of all people should realize the only correlation is you are basically the only friend this old man has in his dying days, you do a really good deed for him, and so he hooks you up. All the other horrific deeds, everything else in your life leading up to that point, there’s no connection between the two at all, it has no bearing.”
“I guess you’re right,” Donna sniffles, as she wipes away the tears that accompanied her telling of this tale, “or at least, I know you’re right now. But the guilt about this, oh - you wouldn’t believe it.”
“You could argue that this guilt shows you were not such a horrible person. Or maybe that you became a not-so-horrible one.”
“No need to butter me up, dear,” she says, smiling over at him with glistening eyes, “anyway, so yeah,” Donna continues, as they turn in mindless unison somehow, begin walking again, “first it started with the dogs and the cats for some reason, rescuing them from the pound. Pretty soon that land I bought in the country was teeming with all sorts of animals. Then it expanded outward to concern about the entire planet - I become this recycling nut, I fit my house with a bunch of solar panels and a white rooftop, the whole eco-friendly kick, I sit around and watch the news and fret endlessly about things. Donate mountains of old clothes to charity. Still chain smoking like a fiend, mind you, and I never parted with my precious Audi, but nonetheless...I would take long walks through the fields I owned, behind my house, to the edge of the woods and back. Accompanied of course by half the dogs on my property, tramping along around me, or the odd cat we’d stumble across, like I was the pied piper. Except really I was completely alone, I think by choice. There was nobody in my life for years there, not a man, not anybody. Until all this happened.”
“What about your mom?”
Donna beams over at James and says, “well, I’m happy to report my mom met some dude and moved to Florida with him. I like to think her story ended well.” Her smile fades, however, as she stares at the floor and reflects, “even as I know it probably didn’t. I couldn’t reach her there at the end, and never drove down to find out.”
“At that point you assume the worst,” James offers, “I know I did.”
By now they have reached a staircase that leads down into the kitchen and begin their descent to the ground floor. In an attempt to steer conversation back to his original topic, James scrambles for a moment before suggesting that Donna must be terrific with animals by now, she must have tremendous insight into handling them.
“I don’t know about all that,” she chuckles, “I feel like the only insights I have a little oddball thoughts that would float through my head concerning those creatures. Like these two deranged cats I had, sisters, who would always walk over and then take a dump about a foot away from the litter box. Wondering, what the hell is that about? Is it instinct or is it not? Whoever heard of half assed instinct?”
At the bottom of the stairs, they nearly collide into Jennifer. In her hands she holds two short tinkling glasses filled with ice cubes and some clear liquid. She also wears a merry grin that suggests these two might also appreciate whatever it is that pleases her so.
“Vodka,” she explains, “Randy and his crew turned up a few bottles during their latest foray into town. So I guess he’s not totally worthless after all. Of course, they are all sitting out back drinking whiskey themselves, so things might get really redneck around here at some point.”
“Don’t mind if I do,” Donna announces, darts around Jennifer and the hundred year old breakfast island in the middle. Behind her she calls, “James?”
“Tempting, but I think I’m gonna venture to the shoreline here shortly. See what’s really going on down there,” he says.
“About time you did something productive,” Jennifer mutters, as she slithers into the next room. 
“Is there somewhere we need to be that I’m not aware of?” James fires back. When Jennifer pauses merely long enough to turn and look at him, roll her eyes, and continue onward, James trails right behind and adds, with exaggerated volume, “because what I was THINKING was that we should just stay tight here until we catch sight of the ship. Isn’t that the plan? Or did YOU have something better in mind?”
“Whatever. And then what? Or where you just gonna wait on Steve or myself to come up with something?” Jennifer says, as she’s handing Scott his drink.
“Whoa, hold up a minute, wait on you to come up with something? I wasn’t aware your contributions were any greater than the rest of ours. And anyway, lady, trust me, I...”
And at this Scott shoots up out of his chair, drink in hand, “male bonding break. Come on James, let’s go check out the shoreline.” He pinches his lifelong friend’s shirt, in the right bicep, as if to drag him along.
James exhales heavily and says, “alright. Fuck it. To be continued.” 
In the kitchen, he locates a sports bottle with a straw and pours his own cocktail now, for the approximate fifteen minute walk down. On the front porch, the two of them pause to light up cigarettes and then start across the lawn. 
“What is it with you two?” Donna asks Jennifer in the living room at this same instant. Donna hovering above Jennifer, drink in hand, as the latter kneels and cues up a compilation CD of cheesy pop songs from twenty years prior.
“Mmm, Scott don’t watch it I might jump his bones,” she smiles, “I think tonight’s the night.”
“No, I meant James,” Donna clarifies.
“Oh,” Jennifer says, and with a grimace half turns toward Donna without straining upward to face her. Staring idly ahead, she contemplates a second and concludes, “I don’t know, he just rubs me the wrong way. Too smug, without anything to back it up. I feel like punching him in the mouth.”
“Don’t underestimate him,” Donna advises, “and anyway, I don’t see how anybody in this group is more opinionated than you are.” 
Jennifer’s face expands in a broad grin and she says, “you might be onto something there. Maybe I’m into men who keep their mouths shut these days.” Standing up and facing Donna at last, she adds, “opposites attract, right?”
“Hmmm....I don’t know about that.”
Outside, James squints to make out the figure at the edge of the front lawn. Though closer to the river, landscapes tend toward the swampy, surrounded up here instead by the remnants of what as an imaginatively if passively landscaped yard, Virginia pines, numerous varieties of oak, and dogwoods at the apex of their bloom cycle proliferate. James is contemplating both these and this person advancing toward them while Scott, regarding his cigarette, mutters, “Jennifer says they also use pig hemoglobin to make these things, can you believe it?” At roughly this same instant, James determines that the man with a machine gun strapped across his chest is Randy. By appearances intent upon sobering up, he’s sipping hot coffee from a thermos and standing guard. His eyes are clear and lucid, and he appears calm to James, as he always has, in sharp contrast to the occasional berserk actions he’s been known to perpetuate.
“Where you guys headed?” 
“Thought we’d head down to the river,” James says, “relieve whoever’s down there.”
“You might want to hold off on that. Martin just came and spelled me not even a half hour ago.” 
A pair of headlights crests a hill to the west, creeping toward them. A sight rare enough that Randy immediately whips his machine gun around to the ready, and even Scott and James also grab their pistols - pointed at the ground but deployable if necessary. The late April air has dropped down around forty, making this the coldest night since beginning this surge, and their breaths stream out in large, nervous heaves. Following Randy’s lead, they dart forward to the nearest concrete barrier. 
The white conversion van slows to a crawl in front of the house, when an unexpected volley of shows rings out from the bank of pine trees up near the drive way. Searing the night air, they also startle Scott to the point that he follows backward from his kneeling position to the ground. Randy and James remain rapt and paralyzed, meanwhile, as a figure who looks an awful lot like Steve leans out of an open driver’s side window, fires four quick shots up into the trees. In response to this, a number of branches crackle and break off as something falls to the ground with a thud.
“Fucking Enrique,” Randy curses under his breath.
“Hey dipshits!” Steve calls out from the van, having flipped on the dome light. He waves his hands and makes a face one with normally associate with those who are mentally handicapped, “what the hell did we discuss? You make no move until someone comes up the driveway!”
“Hey Steve it’s Randy and.....”
“James.”
“James and.....”
“Scott.”
“No shit!” Steve barks, as he steps out of the vehicle, shaking his head, “By the way I’ve got two more guys in here with me so chill the fuck out. I also have a flat,” he says, eyeing a front tire, “great.” 
As some had expected, Steve is perturbed by this business with the concrete barriers, particularly while the six of them labor over clearing the one blocking this driveway. His van safely stowed away with the other vehicles, the information they pump him for is both reassuring and disappointing - yes, he have received a number of transmissions from Eldorado, but none of the information he’s relayed has proven very useful; Judith also apparently remains on the inside, though they’ve heard nothing from her; Steve and his two associates represent the last of this party unaccounted for, but then again, these are three more warm bodies that nobody here at the house had figured to see again.
“Whose ride?” Steve asks, nodding toward the Honda Goldwing.
“Jennifer picked that up in Richmond,” James says.
“Okay, I thought I heard some cycles buzzing around that night,” Steve recalls with a nod.
In the living room, every soul currently on the property gathers in subdued celebration. Nick and Katherine stand with drinks in hand in a corner, ashing cigarettes into an empty soda can as they talk politics. At Steve’s appearance they visibly brighten and move forward to embrace him, then Joshua and Alejandro as well. Donna and Jennifer, meanwhile, make no motion to stand from the easy chairs they occupy, or for that matter even recognize formally that anything has changed. Donna has Eric’s backpack in her lap and is thumbing with a look of bewilderment through his Bible. Jennifer smirks at Steve and says, “well, well....,” over the rim of her glass as she’s taking a drink.
“Excellent poetry chapbook, no?” James says to Donna, sidling up beside her. 
“And an important historical document, too, let’s not forget!” she professes, a devotion made in jest.
“I don’t mind this so much, but please tell me you’ve got someone posted at the river?” Steve says and paces the center of the room.
“History is skewed by the interests of the chronicler,” James shrugs.
“We do need a body at the front door and another at the back, too,” Steve announces, “I’ll take over here in a minute but first, whew,” he rubs his forehead, “after that shit out front. Who the hell was that guy? I could use a glass of whatever you fine folks are passing around.”
“Speaking of bodies,” Randy says, “that was Enrique. I need to go do something with him, and then I’ll secure the front entrance.”
“I like all this gobbledygook about an afterlife,” Donna notes, nose as yet thoroughly planted in the scuffed up leather bound book.
“Totally preposterous,” James says.
“Or at least continuing with your analogy, I mean, it really isn’t any more absurd to believe this same conversation is taking place right now under our thumbnails.”
“Here, switch me out,” Steve suggests, offering Randy his rifle, “TL-9000 night vision scope is badass, top of the…well, you saw first hand. Drop a man easily from a thousand yards out.”
“Fuck it, I’ll watch the back door,” Scott says, rubbing his chin without aim in the middle of the room, before shuffling off and out of sight.
“We could be molecules inside a white blood cell, dying decades apart,” James tells Donna, “but buying into this heaven nonsense, that’s basically like saying we’re gonna be reunited side by side as freckles on the same person’s foot, years later.”
“Meanwhile our scientists looking under microscopes, trying to understand the movement of atoms and come up with some theory. Electrons and protons, that could just be people driving to work,” Donna says and smiles up at James, pleased with her observation.
“Okay, so you’ve established contact with Eldorado and tracked this barge for days,” Nick says to Steve, “what’s next?”
“That ship is heading out to sea,” Steve says, pulling on the dregs of a whiskey bottle, “I’d wager every firearm I have on it. It’s the only thing that makes sense. Unfortunately, at that point we’re probably out of options for trailing it.”
“My, my, who knew you could be so chatty?” Jennifer, who’d for the most part been content to sip her drink in silence, offers up at him with a grin, “by all means, have another pull.”
“I will tell you this, however,” James says, “within the next say....two hundred years, maybe, regardless of who survives on this planet and who doesn’t - religion in every form will be toast. Permanently. The whole debate will be terminated. Because by then science will have figured out a way to keep us living forever.”
“And so...you’re saying if there was a God, there’s no way he’d let that happen?” Donna suggests.
“Actually, I think that’s just about perfect,” Steve says, passing the remaining two fingers’ worth of alcohol on to Katherine. He wipes at his mouth with the back of one hand and explains, “I wanna scope out the grounds, then pay my dues on guard duty. Maybe head down to the river as well.”
“You’re right, I mean, where else could such a massive craft be headed?” Nick says to him, trailing behind Steve as the two men exit the room.
“No, I’m thinking more along the lines of, if we can live forever then people will have no use for a God,” James replies.
“You are wrong,” Jennifer turns on him, “people need structure in their lives, people need some moral code to live by. Without that our entire civilization collapses.”
“Which is different....how?” Donna jokes.
“I wish we had some weed right now,” Katherine says to Alejandro and Joshua, hovering over their shoulders as they untangle a mass of cables behind the entertainment center, in an effort to figure out last year’s hot gaming device.
“The moral code is simple,” James states, “how about - try your hardest not to step on any toes? The golden rule? I suppose you’re right, though, people will always find some goofy pretext to believe. Mostly, though, because we can’t accept we’re not the center of the entire fucking universe.”
“No,” she shakes her head, “I think certain traditions and customs are important.”
“This coming from a woman who....didn’t you tell me?” Donna says, thinks better of it, “never mind.”
“We are, how you say, bunker for the night?” Alejandro asks Katherine.
James eyes his rocks glass, shakes it in determining that the clink of cubes is an unfortunate development. “I can see I’m gonna need more ammunition,” he says, and walks off toward the kitchen. 
“I think this here controller’s busted,” Joshua mutters, in front of a racing game they’ve pulled up on the television. He punches buttons at random and finds them about as useful as James had his glass full of ice.
“Damn, I wish Steve was here for this!” Donna cheers, “some good stuff you two are slinging back and forth.”
Regarding Donna sidelong, Jennifer coolly explains, “if you were alluding to certain indiscretions of mine just a minute ago, let’s just say I’ve reconsidered certain things I used to think were okay. And anyway, I’ve heard all about you, you know. It was a small town, remember.”
Donna’s mouth drops open in bewilderment, as she stammers, “I thought...you said....”
But by then Jennifer has already flown up out of her chair, marched halfway the distance to the kitchen. 
“Besides, what, you want complete anarchy?” Jennifer half shouts, as she closes
the remaining distance between herself and James, “isn’t this close enough? We
need laws in place, and some sort of moral compass behind them.” 
“Who says you need religion to back up the law? And anyway, people already confuse the two,” James replies, leaning against the counter with the vodka bottle in one hand and his glass, half filled with citrus laden soda, in the other, “it’s illegal to not pay your taxes, for instance. But would you say it’s immoral?”
As he’s pouring his alcohol to complete this concoction, Jennifer snatches the bottle from his hands, saying, “gimme that.” She then wags a finger in his face and declares, “okay, you may be right on that point. But I still think you’re wrong about everything else. By the way, did you know they put gelatin in vodka? Mister vegan? Probably shouldn‘t be having this.”
She turns on her heels, bottle in hand, but James intentionally bumps her in the butt with his knee. “You think I’m wrong about everything else? You mean you don’t know?” he taunts.
And at that she spins around, dives back into him. Their mouths naturally collide and move in sync, if sloppily, as biology has hardwired humans to function from the start. The kiss, that scientific marvel. He has one hand on the back of her cornrowed head, holding her in place, and she cradles his with both of hers, leaning in ever so slightly to account for their height differential. A good two or three minutes transpire before they break away.
“I don’t get this,” she pants, “you’re not my type at all. I don’t know what it is.”
“See, now here’s where the hero is supposed to mutter his classic phrase in, like, French, except I don’t know any, and then in English,” James chuckles, “so I’ll skip A and head straight to B: he always finds a way.”




James Scott



“The big bang theory actually happened - right here on my desk!” she says, explaining her cluttered, third story office.
The interview is for Ohio Watchdog Action, a nonprofit group specializing in political and environmental change. Maggie, the chick talking to him, wears a blue dress shirt with the top two buttons undone. She keeps playing with her hair. This is a Friday, she tells him he will start on Wednesday. 
Some would question what he’s doing working here, for barely above minimum wage an hour. Actually, a lot would, and do. James’s family certainly doesn’t get it, and unlike his friends, who generally tiptoe around his peculiarities and are too polite so ask questions, the parents and the grandparents and the aunts and the uncles, they come right out with their beefs: what gives?
Yes, well, heaven forbid any decision made in life does not have a direct monetary correlation. For this is the only measure of whether any choice made can be summarized as good or bad. But even James would admit that he’s had two major meltdowns, and that these have had a negative impact upon his life. Contrary to popular speculation there’s no mental illness nor any substance problems, no underlying childhood trauma. It’s just that, as another prevalent theory would have it, he just doesn’t care. 
At more speculative times he will occasionally wonder what might have been. Twice he strung together four or five solid years of saving an insane percentage of his income, of working good jobs and scoring on his investments like a pro. There were years, for instance, where his capital gains were higher than his income, and none where he returned below average. Only to wake up one morning and basically say fuck it, and stop going into work on a whim, and for the next six months living off of, thus blowing through, a huge chunk of his savings. Twice he has done this. 
“We got a new ‘burb,” Maggie had announced at his first ever meeting, and the whole room, apart from him and one other new hire, whistled and clapped.
He was aware that they would be driving to the outlying neighborhoods to knock on doors and urge the residents to action, protesting the Carmichael Asphalt Plant near the three way prong of Cincy, Kentucky, and Indiana. Initially, he assumes she is talking about gaining clearance or authorization or whatever from some higher up to target a new neighborhood, but no, she is speaking of a Suburban, one of those trusty panel vans from the 70s. She has a white expo board she keeps drawing on with erasable marker, mainly as a visual aide in keeping these people awake for the first hour until they hit those roads at ten. James is bored with the material but rereads the photocopied pamphlet a number of times, prefers it to Maggie’s pep talk. Information on what to say and how to say it, the art of collecting a donation. And then they are down the three flights of stairs in the corner of this nondescript office building in the heart of downtown, to a parking lot where this gaggle of vans awaits their division into preordained teams. Drizzling, because it is a normal, average springtime in Ohio, and cold as hell, as it will be every single day that he works here.
James is in a van with a Kelly, a Emily, a Robert and a Brian this miserably grey Wednesday. Their own particular ‘burb is nicknamed Hippie Love. Sergeant Struggles is the one leaving the parking lot just before them, Captain Boom-Boom directly behind. Upon being hired, James had expected a door to door canvas would occupy this and every shift, but no, this first day they are headed to a nearby university to hand out flyers on the lawn. He is so broke that when they hit a gas station en route for coffee and snacks, James alone remains in the car. Then Kelly is dropping them off as she scours the area for parking spots, and the solution to keeping these flyers dry is a real mystery, himself an even larger one. For he has nothing better in his meager wardrobe to wear this idiotic day than a burlap jacket with its buttons missing atop a flimsy cloth hoodie. He grits his teeth and remains as still as possible, extending an arm and a terse speech whenever the odd student crosses his path. Finding that this lack of motion is the only sane solution to these elements, minimizing his exposure - and if this notion proves merely a mental mirage, for he is thoroughly soaked to the bone, then so be it. Certainly it’s no worse than his idle under-the-breath curses and longing now for that stupid convenience store job he so callously chucked aside.
He tells himself, however, that if he is going to work for convenience store wages, then he might as well perform a task for greater human good. And in such fashion he is able to revive his spirits, for brief stretches, convincing himself he’s some sort of local champion for his efforts on behalf of shutting down this plant. 
The second day, and for every day thereafter, they head out to a suburb on the east side of town that James has only been through once, briefly, years earlier. James isn’t sure if those flyer wielding episodes were pulled out only to initiate newcomers, or if these were more random in occurrence. Either way, leaving them behind permanently is just fine with him to the extent that he’s actually looking forward - relatively speaking, of course - to this door to door bit. Kelly’s at the wheel and tosses off these questions to pass the time, forcing everyone name a favorite food, favorite band, favorite condiment.
“And.....ummm...how about your favorite, uh, thing to look at in the sky.”
Emily, a tall, big boned brunette, semi-attractive, starts off by naming pizza rolls (“but I don’t like pizza”), The Asshole Ex Boyfriends (her asshole ex-boyfriend’s band, she swears), mustard (“dijon, whatever”), and phases of the moon. James doesn’t quite catch what Brian names as his favorite food, but the Grateful Dead is an expected response based upon his appearance, less so the mayo and mustard combo, the northern lights as his natural phenomenon of choice. When James says fresh fruit, Kelly questions, “which one?” And he stumbles a moment, latches on “oranges.” Mars Volta pulled out of his craw at random, for the musical preferences tend to vary from day to day, yet, unexpectedly, Brian nods and Kelly says, “good choice.” He skips the condiment part and mumbles something about seeing sunrises. 
Every decision made has consequences that ripple so far outward, discouragement is all but a given for the thinking man. James had read somewhere that a person of average intelligence is actually better suited to handle this life, because such an individual just does what he is supposed to do and doesn’t act questions. At times, this makes absolute sense. He has often wished he could perform as a good boy should, that he could merely do what he supposed to do as a grown man in society. But it isn’t as if he’s immature, or a burden upon others, or anything, that’s precisely the crux of this dilemma: he can’t put his finger on what the problem is, he has no valid excuse. He’s simply unable to force himself to care about the “normal” things that everyone else prizes ever so.
At any rate, it occurs to him often as he’s riding in this van to protest an asphalt plant that there might be a contradiction or two lying in wait somewhere. At what point of occupancy does a vehicle become “public transportation,” for instance? This same beaten van he would have left parked in his own driveway for two years in protest suddenly becomes okay if there are four other passengers? Granted, the cause is far nobler, but there’s no way in hell we would have justified, for instance, driving four of his own buddies into town for groceries during this period of exile. 
Robert, the tall gloomy kid in all black - another stereotype, but aren’t they all, James thinks, probably himself included - he runs through bread (“like Jesus”), Morrissey, none, and asteroid catastrophe, in comical fashion - but then again, he’s had more time to think. Kelly recites zucchini, The Beatles, mayo (“and if not that then ketchup with Tabasco”), and sunsets (“since James already took sunrise”).
James gets the feeling they’ve concocted this game on their own, this team, to while away the boredom - it doesn’t feel like something passed down from up top, a cheesy corporate exercise for building rapport. Because it’s always the same crew in the same van, a team disrupted only by someone quitting or the occasional new hire, such as himself, becoming a permanent fixture. So then the four of them are again in the gas station for one last snack run, James left sitting in the van, though today Kelly brings him out a coffee, and then they are descending upon the suburb of Royal Hills proper. 
His first day out canvassing neighborhoods, he walks in step with Kelly as the other three are assigned tiny grids to cover on their own. Their objectives are twofold, in that after a short spiel is given and, upon request, protest literature handed out, they make a pitch for money either with or without a letter of complaint, which is to be taped or wedged into the person’s front door and retrieved later, by this soaked to the bone action worker, without further interruption to this concerned citizen’s day. 
One advantage of working in such a relentless, nervous system numbing downpour is that the sympathy factor kicked into overdrive, and results noticeably improve. The only downside to this was that, well, you were soaked to the bone. This being the middle of a weekday, too, they encounter a high percentage of unoccupied houses, but Kelly finds a positive use for this otherwise unwelcome development. To the tune of every half hour or so, she pauses under a porch canopy or rooftop overhang to light a cigarette, take her customary smoke break. James is of course obligated to join her.
In one instance they flop down side by side on a slab of cement, under an old fashioned car port. It and the house are clear relics of the 1950s at the very latest. She asks James to hold her cigarette as she takes off her glasses and wipes them off on a small dry patch of tee shirt, underneath the rain proof slicker she’s smart enough and prepared enough to wear.
“I’m sure if these people would see us they’d wonder what the fuck,” she chuckles, “sitting in the rain smoking as we preach to them about an asphalt plant.”
“Yeah,” James grins, and in handing her back the lit cigarette, says, “here’s your pollutant.”
“My pollutant,” she laughs. As she takes a drag, she eyes him up and down and says, “I like your coat. Matches your pants. Corduroy...don’t see much of that anymore.”
“If I match, it’s surely by accident,” he tells her.
“No, I’m serious,” she says.
Maybe so, but his appearance is otherwise ridiculous. Shoes falling apart on the sides means his feet are thoroughly waterlogged and shriveled up if not blistered, and of course this cloth hoodie underneath the burlap coat continues to provide no protection. He was about to make some comment about her appearance, however, to deflect attention away from himself, when a light at the side door snaps on and a sour face old man materializes on the other side of it, at the door they’d just pounded moment earlier before taking their seats. 
“Oh!” Kelly calls out, as they jump to their feet. “Sorry!” she adds, and launches into her spiel.
She cuts James loose in the afternoon, and during this first four hour block on his own, he manages to collect no money and a whopping two letters. Miserable or not, the time does seem to move by rather quickly, and as he would seriously rather encounter a full slate of empty houses, it disappoints him not the least that a majority of them are just that. It does occur to him to either hide out or lie about his progress, but Kelly had peppered their morning with just enough amusing anecdotes about other fuckups in the past who’d attempted such a thing and been busted by either Maggie or she or one of their other team leads, to give pause to this notion. His gut feeling tells him Kelly would tend to cut him more slack than most, but one never knows. And anyway, his escape routes were fast disappearing with all the burned bridges he’d left behind him. He needed to reverse a few disturbing trends, and getting canned wouldn’t help.
In the van again they are jubilant, a mood more attributable to coming in from the cold than any particular successes. Leftover snacks are munched upon, and from her perch in the shotgun seat Emily leans into the rearviewmirror, pops a zit she has discovered on her forehead. 
“I shall name it.....Zachariah!” she declares.
She has said scarcely two words to James or for that matter looked his way, but as they arrive back at Ohio Watchdog Action and disembark the Suburban, he catches her committing to sidelong glances at the manner in which he and Kelly make small talk while scooping out bags of literature from the back. Neither is any great beauty, he thinks to himself, but this is usually how these dynamics initially come to life, and he doesn’t mind a bit. Emily hadn’t found James the least bit attractive or interesting, he’s sure, until Kelly did, and now she’s wondering what she might have missed.
Inside and upstairs to their corner of the third floor, a trend is established in that little enthusiasm meets the letter collection tally, far more toward the cash - which is understandable, as whether nonprofit or otherwise, no income stream means no one has a job. By the time he boards the bus that fortunately stops directly in front of this office building, the late afternoon gloom already feels like night.
Like anyone else’s life, no straight line traces his progress, more a series of circles with the occasional dip or spike. Yet as James gradually moved over the years further and further out from the core of the city, the general disarray of his own daily rituals increased, and he felt there was a certifiable connection between the two, the line did seem a straight albeit unraveling one. 
Three uneventful weeks follow, if uneventful one considers a forty five minute bus ride out to the Park-And-Ride where one has stashed one’s bike, followed by a half hour cruise home, if one considers that as a qualifying daily occurrence. But though the sun never shines this late spring, a moratorium is placed on those endless drizzles and instead they are blessed with warm, unceasing winds, followed by a brutally still Novemberesque cold. In this time James never really becomes any more proficient as a pledge collector, but at least he keeps his job. 
Just as the calendar is about to flip into April, and by all rights should have indicated smooth sailing, those near freezing rains return with a vengeance. Two shifts out plying their wares in this and morale is just about extinct. Brian had ditched this job and never been replaced, leaving their van as a four man crew. Robert, the gloomy goth kid, uncharacteristically never complains about anything (“it‘s easier than you think,” he tells James, early into this job), yet even this fine evening he is bitching up a storm. As they are smoking their last cigarettes in the parking lot before heading upstairs for the round up, it is Kelly who suggests that a couple strong drinks would really hit the spot after this meeting, and as Robert isn’t old enough and nobody else in any of the other crews seems all that interested - and as Emily is vaguely invited, vaguely invites herself along - somehow the three of them wind up first at some former iconic pizza franchise turned dive bar near downtown, then clear over at a sports bar trafficking in karaoke clear out on the western rim of the outerbelt. 
There were those who had a completely different mental picture of him, but James could at times adhere to a strict regimen with robotlike intensity. Witness if nothing else these two years spent avoiding cars altogether, broken only tangentially with his taking on this canvassing post, beyond debate the moment he accepts Kelly’s invitation. But money was so tight he had literally done nothing besides shuttle back and forth to work for three weeks, and he felt like he was about to lose his mind under the strain. This monotony, coupled with some depressing, state of the world discussions the three of them engaged in over drinks at that first bar, fueled the fire of this general wild indifference which suddenly consumes him somewhere between his second and third cocktail. 
“Watching politicians eventually just pisses you off. It’s clearly just a game to these people. Their arguments are really just quote unquote arguments.”
“I agree. Each party knows it’s gonna be in power half the time, so long as they stay in character and act out their parts. They are all totally fine with this, it’s a social club.”
“After awhile though you really come to hate this spectacle. You really do. You wish one person would come along and cut through this crap. But then when you say anything like that, they wanna treat you like you’re some starry eyed simpleton, a ridiculous idealist. Give you some condescending speech about how convoluted the system is, and we wouldn’t understand.”
“Yeah and it’s like, I know the system is convoluted! That’s why we elected you! That’s what you’re being paid for! Fix it! It would be like if you hired a plumber, except when he shows up he’s absurdly smug. Demands you pay him anyway, but refuses to repair anything, and the reason he gives is because the problem is complicated and you don’t grasp what the solution is.”
“I always love it when someone breaks out the well, you don’t know how good you got it! I’ll bet if you had been in the gas chambers at the Holocaust you wouldn’t be complaining right now, arhuharhuharhuh. Is that what we’re comparing this to, now? Life in quote unquote the greatest country in the world? Because I thought that’s where we were living. If you’re telling me the future here will most closely resemble a torture camp gas chamber, just let me know, I’ll gladly move elsewhere.”
“I’ve actually used this analogy before, describing the mess we’re in. It would be like you hired the world’s worst babysitter. That’s our government. But you left one of your children in her care one night, and it died, yet instead of accepting any blame, she somehow turns the tables and convinces you and everyone else that because it was your child that died, that you’re clearly an unfit parent, and she should watch all of them, all the time. And over time people slowly bought this.”
This series of associations breaks off momentarily as Kelly waves to the barmaid for refills. She alone is sitting, as James and Emily stand in front of the bar beside her. During this break in the action, his eyes flow by habit to a television mounted above them, where an endless parade of college basketball highlights play out. The sound is off, which is fortunate, because these clips keep cutting away to that one old bald announcer guy with the raspy voice who has to scream everything. Listening to him drives James completely insane. He notes with a smirk that the college basketball playoffs must be just about over, and it never even occurred to him until just now that they’d ever begun. He used to follow sports with a fervor, yet at some point just stopped caring. Nonetheless, one more parallel occurs to him just now, to bookend Emily’s point.
“Watching these politicians is like when you've paid a fortune for great seats to a do or die baseball playoff game - game 7 of the World Series, say - and despite all the talk and hyperbole, despite it being a 5-5 tie in the 8th, someone hits a double with nobody out and you look over there, and the man on second base is cracking up about something, he and the second baseman are catching up on old times with one another. You realize that you, along with everyone else in the stadium, care more about this game than the people actually playing it.”
Things becomes somewhat disjointed. But the three of them cramming into Kelly’s tiny blue two door does at the very least offer a break from the boozing. In the half hour it takes for them to make their way out to this Leaping Chameleons joint - and James is unable to reconstruct in retrospect how or why the girls chose this, if indeed he ever knew - while the two of them chat in front, his thoughts behind them turn inward. You could never say with certainty how a night like this would end. Yet here he is on another classic adventure, the kind he unfailingly falls into without trying. If patterns hold, all stemming from a job he might not even retain one week from now, and girls he could likely never see again beyond that point.
With the timbre of these times, it had become lazy and convenient to pick on Americans. It’s like the template that’s been laid down beneath them, and no serious discussion can now begin unless it’s within those parameters. James dad is - was? - an engineer, and the company he worked for sent him over to Germany not too long ago to inspect one of their plants. A foreman at that factory, escorting Mr. Scott around, asked him conversationally a number of questions about his job back in the states, and in the course of their talk it came up that James’s dad drove an hour in each direction to work every day. 
“You Americans are crazy,” the foreman told him, “we Germans would never drive that far to work.”
When James heard about this, he had to wonder if there are any right answers anymore for how to conduct yourself, as an American, in the eyes of the rest of the world. Certainly not the German, he thought it was an amusing marvel, that every American he met seemed to drive so far for work. But the haters - down to an including a large chunk of its own citizens - there was just no pleasing. James’s dad drives an hour each way to work every day, and this makes him in love with his automobile and money hungry and a waster of fossil fuels leaving too large a carbon footprint. Yet if he dinked around in their small town, landing one of the few available jobs - for surely less money - then this made him lazy and irresponsible because he was not man enough to adequately provide for his family. What if he was laid off? Would it be more socially responsible to sit around the house and collect unemployment, then, instead of driving such great distances? Of course, moving to the city was an option, but then you would be contributing significantly to urban gridlock. Naturally, by remaining where they eventually ended up, in the suburbs, was merely encouraging the blight of urban sprawl. 
It reminds him of how in school they always tried to beat you over the head with how noble the Native Americans were, before the evil white men came and ruined everything. As if those people, on average, weren’t every bit as combative as the European explorers. As if, had they been able to figure out a way to do so, the Native Americans wouldn’t have taken their canoes clear across one of the oceans to pull the same stunt elsewhere that the conquerors dropped in and pulled on them here. The explorers, they just happened to be more advanced. That was the only difference.  
He enjoys the power that comes with no one being able to quite put the finger on what he is. He’s been referred to as a hillbilly, a prep, a nerd, a thug. These aren’t different phases of his life, these are concurrent - at any given moment, a sizeable slice of the people who know him believe one of the above. He’s been referred to as looking Jewish, Mexican, Indian, Italian, Irish, half black, and a skinhead, among others, depending upon the person and the occasion. Half say he’s the most normal person they’ve ever met, the other half say he’s the craziest. Half say they’ve never met anyone who gets more girls, the other half say he never has any girls. Half insist he’s a genius, the other half believe him a complete moron. Conservative people find him impossible to deal with, but genuinely wild folks find him dull. Half the people believe that the way he rides the bus and his bicycle around proves he saves all his money, the other half insist the way he rides the bus and his bicycle around  all the time proves he has no money. In this sense, taking into account all these factors, he might be the most average person who ever lived - and yet what he runs into in all his dealings with anyone is complete confusion. Again, they can’t quite get a handle on him from one moment to the next. 
He had migrated to the countryside by small measures. First came the exile from his downtown high rise apartment, out to the relatively upscale Blue Ash suburb, one hundred percent due to his finally snapping over the appointment of Mayor Milton to the freaking Secretary of Transportation post. Two years prior, touting a mysterious “budget surplus” during a time of tremendous economic hardship elsewhere in the country, all the more mysterious for having slid through city council with a thumbs up, Mayor Milton manages to push for and receive funding on a ridiculous trolley project, one that runs literally nowhere else but from downtown out to a fading indoor mall on the near east side that was torn down before the trolley began its maiden voyage. Revitalization, indeed. Then twelve months later, breaking the news with a perfectly studied mix of bravery, resolve, and gravity, it’s Mayor Milton on his soapbox bemoaning a “budget deficit” in explaining why interstate toll lanes are an absolute necessity now.
James was during this inflammatory epoch actually emailing the mayor’s office quite a bit, as well as that of the governor, his state reps, and just about anyone else elected to a relevant post in his locale. Traffic and taxes were the two hot button issues, and though these rants assuredly went nowhere, though convinced politicians made a career of lining their side of the fence with as many like minds as possible, not listening to the viewpoints of others, it always felt good to vent. His primary point was that at any hour, of any day, on any thoroughfare, traffic was bumper to bumper in this city, all purchasing gas, at the highest tax rate in the state, all presumably buying groceries, presumably having their paychecks gouged by the various governmental programs, and thus how could any of these appointed public figures grouse about a lack of revenue, continually press for means of extracting more? When the toll lanes were approved James considered this the last straw, but no, the president of the United States soon delivered one final punch line, appointing Mayor Milton to that Secretary of Transportation post. A person would have to dig mighty deep - blindfolded, no less - to find a single meager justification for this promotion that didn’t involve the word cronyism in some capacity. Or for that matter, in its entirety. What, was this some bold new initiative hatched by the leader of the free world, forcing politicians to tackle the job for which they are least qualified? Because if you had to handicap the various strengths and weaknesses of Mayor Milton’s game, transportation, in this ridiculously around-the-clock gridlocked monstrosity of a city, would have to rate dead last. So clearly it made total sense to anoint him the grand poobah of this very cabinet for the entire goddamn country.
Blue Ash it is, then, which maybe accomplishes nothing, but then again does yank certain revenues out of the greater Cincinnati’s tax collection mitts. You can perform your proper civic duty check marking boxes in a polling station every November, but this is mostly a trivial piece of ceremony; no, the true vote is cast with one’s wallet, it’s still the greatest leverage, however slight, that most individuals have. And yet before long James begins to realize this half step is not quite far enough, he needs to commit the rest and move still further out, deep into the most jurisdiction-less remove that he can find. Increasingly, no matter what one did with one’s time, day after day after day, it was difficult to escape the sensation that you were being fucked with by corporations, law enforcement figures, and government officials nonstop from the moment your head left the pillow in the morning until it collapsed there again at night.
 These wheels were set in motion on a Saturday morning in March, approximately eight months into his suburban experiment, some four years prior to the present, when he left home to fuel up for an anticipated trip north to visit Scott and his family, spend the night up there and return home Sunday. Anticipated but not realized, for as he slides his bank card at the pump, the transaction is declined. He finds this most unusual to say the least, because he has watched his balance religiously for the past three days - tussles with the bank were another story, leading to an entirely different blowup - and in fact has made no transactions on this account for the entirety of those three days, as his bank has been known to pull all manner of shady stunts. 
Declined. He marches into the station, where a pair of young girls barely out of high school are working. The first one he encounters fields his complaint, asks how much gas he was trying to buy back at the pump.
“Well, no, you see, it’s not - twenty bucks maybe - but it doesn’t even work like that,” James says, “it doesn’t ask you how much you want. All you do is slide your card and then it tells you if you’re accepted or not.”
This girl, the shorter and by appearances slightly younger of the two, looks over to the taller one, who has just finished some vague piece of business involving the other register and drifted onto the scene. “Right,” she says, “all it does is preauthorize for a dollar, really, that’s how it works.”
“I know, I mean, I’ve gotten gas here plenty of times before. I’m telling you, I know exactly how much money I have in my account. I have fifty seven dollars in my account.”
The girls are friendly enough but have no clue. Tall girl shrugs and says she’s sorry, but nothing has changed, it has always been just a dollar. He must have miscalculated somehow.
Half believing, despite his meticulous balancing, that he must have overlooked something after all, he turns around and heads back home. Fires up the computer, logs in online...only to discover that this megalithic oil monopoly, whose yearly profits must tally in the billions, that they’ve inexplicably run a preauthorization this morning on his account for the entirety of that fifty seven dollars - just before they then turned around and declined him, of course.
He is on the horn with the faceless middle aged crone assigned by computerized lottery to handle his call, the long distance voice of another global corporate goliath that is wholly disinterested in his plight. As is often the case, she has little personality and even less information.
“Yes, sir, it shows you had a transaction this morning for fifty seven dollars.”
“No, that’s what I’m trying to tell you. There was no transaction, it declined my transaction.”
“Well, sir, you see, that’s entirely up to the company where you attempted the purchase. I know they can put a temporary hold on your account for up to seventy five dollars.”
“Seventy five dollars!?” he shrieks, “and anyway, that’s just it, how do you justify putting a hold on my account, but not authorizing the transaction?”
“I’m sorry, sir, you’ll have to take that up with the owner of that station. We have no control over that.”
“What do you mean, you have no control? It’s my account, and you’re the bank that handles my account, and neither of us have any say in this? Somehow some owner of some gas station decides out of the blue how much gets held from my account? And then declines me?”
“I’m sorry sir, you’ll just have to...”
“So what you’re telling me is he could just decide on a whim he was going to hold two hundred dollars from everyone’s account that pumps gas there, and there’s nothing your bank can do about this? This is what you’re telling me?”
“Well, sir, two hundred dollars, that’s highly unlikely, I really don’t - 
“But that’s what you’re telling me, right? It’s the same principle, isn’t it? How did they decide on seventy five dollars? I’ve never owned a car that would even hold seventy five dollars in gas. I’ve never known anyone who owned a car that would hold seventy five dollars in gas. What, does the average person drive an RV?”
“I’m sorry sir, you’ll just-
But he hangs up on her midsentence. This conversation was clearly going nowhere. Incensed, he hops back into his car and shoots over to the gas station. This time, he is armed with the 1-800 number to his bank. The timid, shorter girl balks at taking any action whatsoever. Once again she defers to her partner, who, after hearing James explain as patiently as he could that he was planning a trip out of town, and now had no money for the entire weekend thanks to this stunt, attempts calling this station’s owner, to no avail. To her credit, though, she seems as confused and curious as James is and dials his bank’s hotline. Naturally, a completely different individual, who in all likelihood may be speaking to them from the next state over, this is the person receiving her call. She attempts getting the charge negated on James’s behalf before giving up and handing the phone across the counter to him. On the other end, some smooth hustler sounding type with a Mediterranean accent extols the virtues of “giving it one more day, buddy, okay?” and with the situation clearly at a stalemate, James waves the white flag. He thanks the girls and assures them he knows it’s not their fault, drives back around the corner home to begin his long weekend of thumb-twiddling.
By one day, it went without saying, this meant one business day, or rather five p.m. of the next business day, keeping him effectively housebound beyond driving back and forth to work until Tuesday. Naturally these rules did not apply to transactions flowing in the other direction - but again, this was another altercation waiting to happen, another institution lying in wait to torment him just around the corner. For now, all this episode means is he permanently boycotts that entire franchise of filling stations, which, though soothing his nerves under its rubric of doing something meaningful, and right, he recognizes probably accomplishes about as much as Buy Nothing Day - a well intended but ultimately pointless line drawn in the sand.
Buy Nothing Day. Ha. This night out with Kelly and Emily, he should have seen disaster lurking. Clear back when they were lounging around that first bar, right around the time he’d been absently watching those basketball highlights on mute, it had occurred to him how similar this was to another night disaster struck, a night he remembered well up until the point his first experience with Jager Bombs quickly went haywire, thus becoming his last experience with Jager Bombs as well. It was during the height of the smirking jackass John Bristling’s debacle of a second term, and he and some friends were in fact arguing about all things political, including Buy Nothing Day.
“But it really doesn’t accomplish anything!” James had protested, “don’t get me wrong, I think it’s great on principle, it shows that people care. But even if you extended it out to its most radical extreme - and this would be a major stretch - where it really caught on like wildfire, it would just become another day that they factored into their sales forecasts, another holiday like Christmas or whatever, where they were completely closed or sales were so dreadful they might as well be. That’s the most this would ever accomplish.”
“Yeah, but what are you proposing? These corporations are running away with our country. Even when the backlash gains momentum and people start turning away from, say, a certain evil coffee shop that swooped in and put every other operation on the planet out business, when people start flocking to quaint little hometown shops again, all they do is open up a bunch of fake little “hometown” coffee shops of their own and nobody knows the difference. Or you think you’re supporting this nifty little vendor, then you find out they were bought up by Coca-Cola or Budweiser or something a year and a half ago.”
“I agree with you totally. But I think unless you’re talking about Boycott The Big Cats Month - or Year - then you’re wasting your time. If everyone that was supporting Buy Nothing Day instead said, okay, what is the biggest corporation in the industry I’m protesting? And then they all avoided shopping there entirely for a month or a year or even permanently, then we’re getting somewhere.”
He would like to describe his exile as one swift, decisive motion, but this would be a lie. Months go by with only this pointless little boycott and some passionate highbrow discussions about the unfortunate antics of Bristling and Crony, small token gestures providing the illusion of involvement. But because he is one of those other types, too intelligent to just fall into formation and play along with society’s rules, it was surely inevitable that at some point his worldview would collide without concrete action. And so then the first of his mini meltdowns arrives on the scene and he suddenly becomes a guy who doesn’t want to work a job, a guy who doesn’t want to pay his rent. 
James was already debating a move further out, it seemed the responsible thing to do. Six months after chucking aside a fairly respectable office job, his savings were dipping down near a depressing threshold he swore he’d not cross and so the inevitable search for some other stupid post had begun. A sandwich maker in a goddamn deli beckoned, and as it was already halfway out to the suburbs, he saw no reason to continue living in the shadow of grimy skyscrapers, forking over the jacked up rent these condo owners commanded. They always found some bogus justification for withholding your initial deposit no matter how meticulously you scrubbed the place before leaving, and he’d already decided that with two months left in this overpriced yet very modern highrise, that the last one would be on the house, so to speak.
Enter his crooked monopoly of a bank. Now that pumping up profits by selling inflated bogus mortgages back to themselves was no longer working, they decided it was time to augment their billions by looting the account holders. Basically this meant putting every transaction that poured into one’s account in a mysterious “hold” pattern - similar to but typically three to five days longer than the gas station’s $75 Give-It-One-Day-Buddy deposit - and then should the account so much as overdraw one dollar, rearranging all of the transactions for the past week in such clever fashion as if to make it appear as if they all bounced. 
He’d had his run-ins with them in the past. One memorable episode had him with $37.05 in his account, making two separate withdrawals of $20 apiece, and then listening with incredulity as the smug middle aged phone operator lady explained to him why both of these transactions incurred a $35 overdraft fee:
“Sir when the first transaction was presented it was put into pending, okay? This left you with an available balance of seventeen dollars and five cents. When the second transaction was presented, it cleared immediately, which put you in the negative, and incurred an overdraft fee. At this time we attempted to clear the first transaction, and as your account was in the negative it too incurred an overdraft fee....”
People have accused him in the past of being somewhat of a muckraker, but in his mind, this is just the rationalization of people who sit around doing nothing. James is so incensed by this episode that he fires off complaints to both the FDIC and the Better Business Bureau, half expecting that one or both might prove marginally productive. He should have known better. In the first instance it turns out that there is no government regulation of banking policy, that the only body deciding what the banks can get away with is...the banks themselves. It immediately calls to mind the comic book industry, which also governs itself. And as for the BBB, had he known that their method of “investigating” a complaint is to merely forward your beef to the company you’ve taken issue with, so that they might conduct an internal examination, he wouldn’t have bothered. His bank found no evidence of wrongdoing in these charges or any of the other bogus ones he’s questioned - a real shocker, there. 
His last withdrawal, literally, stems from one last ten dollar run in with these greedy assholes. His second to last month at the condo had just begun, his exorbitant rent check written, cashed, sitting in the “pending” file for days. In this time frame there are three small debit card transactions, groceries and the like from the convenience store around the corner which not too long ago had represented another instance of underachievement, the site of a recent stupid job. In doing so he miscalculates by ten dollars, which naturally indicates that his punishment must be complete financial ruin.
Keeping in line with this peculiar legal loophole he knows all too well, what this means is the first two of these purchases are put into the nebulous flyover pattern, the third incurs its expected overdraft, and as his “available” balance is in the negative when the other two debit transactions and then his rent check are finally eventually “presented” (in his more good humored moments he imagines some court jester retrieving these items from a magical drawer, and respectfully marching in on a red carpet, the items arrayed on a silk pillow as he brings them to a king) for payment, all three of these items incur overdraft fees as well. At which point the bank concludes they are not honoring his rent check, and return it to the property management firm which owns his condo.
Seething with rage does not begin to describe his condition as he picks up the phone and screams into it at a series of ignorant and uncaring bank employees, right up the ladder as far as they are willing to transfer his hot potato of a call. But that is the beauty of corporations, of course, they present a faceless and constantly shifting target, there is never one person you can pin down for definitive answers, someone who is definitively responsible for something. Everything is a boardroom decision that was made by someone else, who is currently unavailable for comment. 
“I’m sure this billion dollar corporation needs this money more than I do!” he is howling at the maddeningly composed and indifferent management figure who represents the end of the line in available ears. 
Well, if the money in his account was merely some philosophical concept to be toyed around with and debated, if there weren’t hard rules governing commerce, then there was no reason they should have all the fun. Having decided that the management company can take up the matter of rent with his bank if they care to, for his days of paying here are finished, he then goes on a mini check writing rampage around town. A small piece of clothing or a six pack of beer or frozen pizza, and as much cash back as he’s allowed in return. Of course these checks are eventually going to hit like an atom bomb upon his bank account, but it scarcely matters because he is done with them. He knows the threshold at which such stunts become grand theft serious, and puts on the brakes just shy of that mark - which nonetheless represents a nice chunk funding that year’s IRA contribution. And by the time those eviction notices become enforceable, he is already settled snugly out in the suburbs, with no forwarding address. From this point on his life becomes strictly a cash proposition. 
At the Leaping Chameleon this fateful night with Kelly and Emily, the mildly sobering effects of a half hour drive, the newness of atmosphere, and the excessively air conditioned climate all paint the night in a fresh coat of paint. Karaoke being sung in one corner, which leans toward country somehow, in this outerbelt sports bar, but the quality level of these participants’ pipes is surprisingly good. The girls he is with will step behind the microphone, but after an hour or so James signs up for and sings a slow old Eagles song he knows he can handle, the trick here being to pick a track with backup on it, and belt out the notes he’s certain to hit, mouth but murmur the questionable ones. 
“I would like to see an actual unbiased study that demonstrates which is better, because I honestly don’t know,” James is aware he’s somewhat slurring to them now, as he stands in between their wooden barstools and they are all three smoking, whereas heretofore Emily had not, “I’m telling you, though, in my opinion, there’s no way running these semis everywhere makes more sense than going back to trains.”
“I know what you’re saying,” Emily replies coolly, tilting her mouth upward to shoot a stream of smoke to the sky, and as she returns her gaze to him, James notices for the first time that she is having trouble focusing, “but whenever I’m over on the west side during, like, rush hour, there’s always some fucking train rolling through there and traffic’s backed up through, like, four or five intersections - I mean seriously, literally no one is moving even though the lights are all green - and I just feel like, are you fucking kidding me? What, are we back in the 1800s?”
“You couldn’t get an unbiased report on something like that anyway,” Kelly croaks, through puffs of her own cigarette, “everyone has an agenda, everyone has an opinion.”
“I don’t,” James shrugs, “that’s what I’m saying. I honestly don’t know, I’m just curious how it would shake out, when you looked at every angle. Surely there are other people who are just curious who would be able to crunch the numbers in a scientific manner.”
It’s an endless circle, a loop without break. He recognizes that there’s no reason at all why he should be entitled to any romance in his life, he recognizes that in the grand scheme of things, his romantic struggles are completely meaningless. Why is this important? There are so many people with such greater problems - so he can’t find that significant other, so what. And so ninety nine percent of the time, he thinks this way, he’s perfectly at ease thinking this way. But then every so often, such intense longing sets in, and a disgust with himself: here he is, still alone. Thinking how unimportant his romantic struggles are hasn’t made them go away. All he’s done is waste another three or six or twelve months, just to end up back at square one.
And so a few grey days follow, before he’s back to his normal unflappable self, rationalizing everything. It isn’t like he was born without a limb, or given a disfigured face. He isn’t starving to death in a third world country, he wasn’t born insane. He’s enjoyed a life completely devoid of incident, so why would anyone throw a pity party over his inability to land that soul mate. Sex isn’t even a problem. But finding someone to attend an art museum with is, a movie premiere, a walk along the river. 
Everything is like this with him. It’s why he’s never accomplished anything. He vacillates between feeling that the key to life is to ask for nothing, appreciate everything you have and live as simply as possible, to feeling like this is a bullshit way to waste your days, that you’ve only got one shot and you better aggressively pursue everything you ever wanted now. Because why not, if you come up short, you’re going to end up with option A anyway. 
But it isn’t like anyone’s ever getting inside. Nobody’s crawling past this facade, no way. He’ll make wisecracks till the cows come home, he’ll change the subject, he’ll disappear. He knows absolutely nothing about anything, he never has, but for some reason nobody ever believes him when he says this. 
The night of his accident seamlessly caps off one such funk. Already in one of those rare moods, those five-days-a-year-moods. Talk at work only serves to accelerate this despair, himself and two coworkers discussing all the ills of the world and their jackass smirking president. 
He lasted exactly a year in the suburbs. Yet if not nearly as bad as the city, rent still seemed exorbitant, and the drive to work slightly longer. Culture seriously lacking out there, too, though the tradeoff of a more sedentary pace in general held massive appeal. And so it went that as his first lease neared extinction, James just kind of generally assumed that he would sign on for another as soon as they mailed it to him. He had no real reason not to - strip mall life might turn the mind to sludge, but as luck would have it, counterbalancing all this, there was a library branch directly in front of his apartment complex. His afternoons and evenings were consumed here, maxing out his three one hour blocks on the internet, catching up on magazines and checking out books the rest of the time.
The sandwich shop gig was short-lived to say the least. The word uncompromising often came up in connection with his name, just as often as indifferent. Both traits reared their head come the holidays, when he asked for a few days off to travel with his family to visit grandparents out of state that he hadn't seen in years. Some well meaning and very diplomatic corporate speak followed, which James smiled in response to and agreed with as he then never showed up again. These jobs were not interrupting his life. 
All of which led to his 4am start time unloading trucks at a department store, up by the nearest outerbelt exit. Though possessing a grand total of three taverns, maximum, this suburb's complete lack of action on their end and the hours kept on his landed him squarely in the middle of the Getting Fucked With By Cops Zone. But as James started to recognize the same parade of cars pouring in every morning, after just a couple weeks, he knew that the cruisers parked behind all night fast food joints and coffee shops could surely do the same, and they really didn't mess with James or his brethren. 
As was surely the case too often for coincidence, however, one apparently minor alteration to the routine completely uprooted everything. Unexpected transmission failure in his theretofore reliable auto forced him to buy a beater off a friend in somewhat of a pinch, which ran fine but was sorely in need of a new muffler. Sure enough he's been driving it exactly five days and hasn't even gotten one paycheck since purchasing the car, when the red and blue lights have to pop up flashing behind him on his way to work. 
"On your way to work?" the beefy early middle aged cop inquires, zeroing his flashlight in on James's distinctive department megastore shirt. He merely nods, non-amused, and meanwhile the inevitable coworkers have to creep to a crawl as they rubberneck their way on past.
A couple weeks earlier, he and these same coworkers were treated to the sight of two jackass kids in their late teens or early twenties lying in wait in some bushes in the median, completely devoid of clothes. Arriving on the job they compared notes about what they'd seen, this duo of streakers who jumped out and ran across the road apparently all morning whenever a car approached. Naturally, the cops were nowhere to be found then - a small piece had even run on the incident the next day in the paper, but the case, for lack of a better word, was never solved. Yet the menace of his too loud muffler, now that was worthy of task force assemblage, of helicopter deployment. This one was wrapped up with a fury. 
And this was just the problem in general with law enforcement. Another catch phrase thrown out often describing James was resentment toward authority figures, but such bland, blanket terms missed their mark. He'd had plenty of superiors at work that he'd gotten along with just fine and respected wholly, just as he knew there were policemen who did an amazing job. And surely, their average day in Detroit or South Central L.A. or what have you played out dramatically different than the skeleton shift out here in a midwestern suburb. But Cincinnati was a fairly large city, and even with massive race tensions, the basic dynamic seemed the same to James, that by and large these officers were never found in action's centrifuge, they were always on the edges. Half spent reconstructing crimes after the fact, the other half bored and actively trying to stir some up. Yet James would often only somewhat joke you could probably put together the Enyclopedia Brown Amateur Sleuth Squad that would tackle the case files for free, which would therefore double the men you'd have out actually trying to stop crimes as they were happening. A shocking concept, that.
He wasn't even particularly peeved until, for whatever reason, the moment the cop materialized again beside his window, the length of time he'd spent in the squad car all but spelling out that James was getting a ticket. His terse and hassled demeanor - part irritation, part disdain, in summary indicating that James was a lowlife inconveniencing him even as this cop had been the one out kicking tires looking for trouble - it all just lit a fuse.
"I am sorry that you are bored and that you thought you hit the jackpot with some drunk," he said in crisp, clear, evenly annunciated syllables, "don't take that out on me. You think I'm working the 4am shift at a fucking COST MERCHANT because I'm loaded with cash? I've had the car five days. And how loud is too loud, anyway? Have we determined this? What is the city ordinance on decibels for my muffler and how did you measure this, exactly?"
"Too loud is too loud, okay? Okay? It's too loud. Now if you want you can sit downtown while I look it up, which, I don't know, it might take two days for all I know, if you get my drift. So okay, pal? Are we done?"
James says nothing, merely extends his left hand, palm up, out the window. Seething, staring straight ahead out the windshield at his place of employment not even a half block up on the left, he snatches the pink slip from the cop. "Have a nice night," the officer says, but James doesn't respond, nor bother to roll up his window as he streaks out of there and around the bend to work. 
The issue occupies his thoughts for that shift and the immediate days beyond. He thinks of clever ways to protest but they amount to either a complete waste of time, or psychopathic behavior that only someone a whole lot more disturbed than he could bring to fruition. The system is set up precisely that way. Drive up the municipal building on your scheduled date and plead no contest, so the judge can reduce your fine just enough to make the court costs even it back out. Sure buddy, you could get a trial by jury, even, but that would set you back even more dough. In the end he mails it in and tries to forget about it, he fixes the goddamn muffler.
But the way his mind works, it's as though even the subconscious conspires to find the steam valve of retribution. At some point it occurs to him that the best protest might prove an indirect one - they'd never know because there was no obvious connection, yet James could sleep easy at night, knowing the bottom line was rectified. He was so excited by the concept that he came home that day from work, and instead of his typical noon hour nap he began pawing through boxes for receipts and pay stubs. Calculator in hand at the kitchen table, he goes to work.
If you took the cost of the muffler scourge fine, ridiculous enough in its own right, and assumed an officer wrote one frivolous ticket like this a day, and factored that out by the 200 days a year, roughly, that he worked, you arrived at a figure. If you then took the dollar amount that a worker even at James's menial wage paid in taxes for a year, plus the amount he pumped into the community in grocery purchases, gasoline purchases, and the like, you arrived at a figure at least as great, if not greater. All it took was one citizen per officer, then, per year, who got so pissed off by a ridiculous ticket that he moved somewhere else to completely negate or surpass the revenue generated by these stupid fines.
But of course, these 4am muffler fines had nothing to do with generating revenue. Right. Just as they had nothing to do with the cop in question being bored, or having a chip on his shoulder, a bone to pick with society. Right. 4am muffler fines were all issued in the name of the public good and safety. 
He is out in the country by the time his lease expires, living in an old farm house on the second floor above this elderly couple. 
James and Kelly are riding in her car along the back country highway, tracing the same vague route as the outerbelt, just slightly beyond it. Still only barely past nightfall and they have left the Leaping Chameleon much the worse – or better, depending upon point of view – for drink. The waistband in her corduroy pants he is surprised to find elastic, as she hops on James’s lap while he negotiates this somewhat winding road. Down around her ankles now, joining his, and at first she’s laughing in his ear as she pistons atop him. Mostly laughing for the duration, actually, while he does his best to concentrate on the dual matters at hand. Wishing she was topless, too. Both had at first joked about never having done this, and then it just sort of happened. As he drives, he staves off coming by focusing intently on the snakelike center yellow line, and with odd, disjointed reveries such as wondering whatever became of Emily. With considerable diligence he can vaguely remember some preppy bank teller weasel guy showing up, whom she’d been dating off and on, and after that James isn’t sure. 
Nights like this actually depict in a nutshell what is wrong with his sex life. He doesn’t care. An adventure like this will keep him amused and satisfied for a month, during which time we will pursue no one. He will retreat to his second floor apartment in the country with a bottle of wine every night after work, alone but for the stereo, and he will drink and read a book until he falls asleep. For such a disconnected existence, it will seem peculiar and remarkable to him at times that he has years of four or five different sexual conquests. Sometimes they stretch on for months and sometimes they are one offs; sometimes they overlap and sometimes they do not, but at no point does he entertain an active agenda, a notion of how things should or shouldn’t be. They just are. 
At any rate, one discovered who one’s friends were out in the country. He had a wealth of visitors in town, a few in the suburbs but none, absolutely none, once he made this shift. And then right around the time it occurs to him that this tax/muffler protest makes no sense if he’s heading into town to work in that same town every day, he reads something about the environmental strain generated by living in the country. Mentally he, like surely 99% of the population, pictured your average environmentally friendly cat as being this hardy rough and tumble type living in some remote compound. But the costs in lighting and heating alone were much higher out in the sticks, and the average country bumpkin, needless to say, did not bicycle six miles into town. Living in the city, to quote the modern vernacular, had a much smaller carbon footprint. That he was one of the few willing to pedal such relatively great distances was fantastic and all, but he could have done that anywhere. He quits his job at Cost Merchant, and this is how he winds up working for the nonprofit agency.
The first accident had transpired two years prior, of course, which precipitated the whole bicycle thing, the whole non-vehicle thing. This was back when he cared about sports and a much more passionate workplace discussion between he and two cohorts about the heinous presidential legacy of John W. Bristling and his oil baron sidekick spilled over to a nearby happy hour, and then a downtown sports bar. 
“If you knew absolutely nothing about those two, but you were showed pictures of them, I think you would say, hmm, Bristling looks like an idiot, and Crony looks shady.”
“Yes! And that’s exactly what they are!”
“This is why I only blame Bristling for the first four years. For the second term I blame the American people. It’s their fault they reelected the stupid ass. Why?! On what merit?”
It was the night New York was eliminated in Game 6 of the World Series, and in a drunken fog he remembers standing at the bar seeing that they had yet to score a run, and it was bottom of the 8th and not looking good. He was trying to pay attention but there was just too much going on, the lure of the dance floor, the techno beat pulsating behind him, the girls wearing the rum company’s logo on their shirts walking around taking pictures with themselves and random patrons to be posted on the company’s website. A few somewhat heated words with one of the coworkers he’d arrived here with and a quick termination of political debate as they came to their senses. Then the inevitable, perhaps, given the sheer number of nights such idiocy transpired, skidding into a guardrail, and James, riding in the back with no seat belt on, hitting his head on some unidentifiable appliance on the driver’s side back door. It could have been worse, but then again, his head is bleeding. For days he fights the urge to poke around inside the wound, to maybe catch a glimpse of what his skull looks like. 
And now here he is again. Yet the concentration it takes to fuck Kelly he thinks is keeping him present and accounted for, mentally, might make more sense than otherwise driving under these blood alcohol parameters. These hours are also much more conducive to avoiding police. And then – he’s not sure why he does this, though he’s surely not alone in this regard, the need to get home, the head clearing that distance provides, above all the shudder inducing thought of getting roped into any more intimacy than he’s prepared for, what with its threat of compromising his precious free time – there are the excuses that he’s been operating under all night, beginning right around the time that it began to look that the evening might move in this direction. He’s been feeding Kelly the idea all night that he can’t stay with her, that he has to get home, and again he really can’t say why: logistically speaking if nothing else, it would make life so much easier to ride into work with her in the morning. He tells her he has animals to feed, and that he would accept a ride from her but he’s embarrassed about where he lives. These are both lies, and he’s pretty sure she knows this but she drops him off near work, at his bicycle, anyway. The urgency he claims to get moving when they did precipitated by the bus schedule, that the last one heading out to the suburb he’d formerly called home left at ten. In reality it doesn’t leave until eleven thirty, and even with a few miles of pedaling ahead after the bus dropped him off, he was in no hurry to get home. Nowadays he was not often in the city at this hour. Once, a few months earlier, he had actually slept in some bushes along some alley when his bike blew out a tire, and he hadn’t followed up that experience since.
What follows is one of those strange occasions where he’s technically still out, and he’s still drinking, but it’s at such a slow pace that he’s actually sobering up. Waiting across the street from where the bus will pick him up, carefully eyeing the clock, he’s in a smoky old timer’s bar where for some reason a fairly prominent local indie rock band is playing. There’s some middle aged guy with a Tampa Bay Buccaneers windbreaker on talking to him about sports, of which he no longer has any modern references, and music, about which he knows a lot. Just two draft beers in an hour and a half here, and then when that guy leaves, he stands up and walks off forgetting the CD he’s just purchased of this indie rock band, their latest release. James opens his mouth to shout to the guy but then thinks, you know what, screw it. The next few hours suddenly open up before him, kicking up his heels at home with a bottle of wine and this CD, some magazines he’s been meaning to read.
The accident itself is nothing. He’s on the bus and some idiot drifts into the right lane, just as this mass transit shuttle was about to reach its stop. James had actually already stood and was about to begin his walk up the aisle, when with sudden force he was thrown forward. He catches himself with both hands, somehow, but the disc he’d been holding goes flying. With astonishment the bus driver asks if James is alright, as the latter collects up the broken, cracked plastic shell and walks off into the night.
There had been no injury this time around. He is careful never to say so. He merely tells people he is wearing a bandage on his head because he’s been in a crash. Truth is, he came home and in a fit of wine soaked, music fueled inspiration, he had carefully wrapped his head in the bathroom mirror. The first time around, he had told no one. He had worn a baseball hat around for weeks until his hair grew out, nobody ever knew. His coworker cronies may have mentioned it here and there, but they did not run in the same circles as he, they certainly did not know James’s family. He got the feeling they were generally as spooked as he about the episode. But this time around…he had been reading something about symbolic gestures, a book about modern art, and he decides that this is the time for his.



“Thank Christ! I mean god, man, damn…it’s good to hear your voice!” 
In the foggy delta where river meets ocean, the majority of their crew awaits the latest turn of the barge. Donna, and, at her request Scott, remains behind at the house they’d already commandeered in the country, figuring it as good a place as any – secluded, spacious – to conduct the task given her. Operating on imperatives self generated and otherwise, the remainder of their crew has scattered throughout the region, their motivations and whereabouts vaguely familiar to the others if not exact. 
Jennifer, having bonded to some degree with Nick and Katherine, i.e. the less idiotic members of Randy’s posse, is leading them around the nearest town as they rustle up supplies for the abandoned hotel standing in as their next home. Randy himself is busy training a few stray locals they’ve acquired, whatever that implies. Steve, having ran the last shift down here on the shoreline, just retreated for some much needed rest before he sets about “straightening out” whatever it is that Randy has taught these people. And James, on the banks of the river that bears his name, plays watchdog alone, at present breeching some serious protocol as he makes the first reciprocal transmission with Eldorado since he began playing at spy.
“I know it’s only been four days but I feel like I’ve been in this damn pipe an eternity.”
James chuckles and tells him, “you talk a lot less formally in conversation than you do in those bulletins.”
“Oh yeah, you like that? Mad flavor,” Eldorado says with a laugh.
“Yeah, well, just make sure you’ve got your volume dialed down as low as it can go. I don’t want your blood on my hands, I couldn’t live with that. Not to mention what would happen to me if Steve found out.” 
Jennifer and James, fittingly, had been the first two to set foot in that abandoned hotel in downtown Tarville, scouted and settled upon as their group’s next home following some extensive field research. Considering their recent pairing, the cementing of a relationship they hadn’t been aware existed until after it had been consummated, it only made sense that they should check in before anyone else. As if they were on some doomed honeymoon getaway, though accompanied by a bunch of strange, distant, and scarcely understood relatives. They even sign into the guestbook at the front desk, the first such entries in two months. Jennifer, without a moment’s hesitation, had scrawled the name Willamina Bind. Hands the pencil to James, who taps the open cheek of his mouth with it a second before scrawling Will Subdivide.“Wait a second….what are you doing in a ventilation duct?”
“This is fuckin crazy,” Eldorado sighs, “I saw them cart what’s his name off, Bruce, I’m like yeah, I’m parkin my ass in a safe place and staying there. But okay, to answer your question…whew. The sick part is I’m really not accomplishin anything in here. I haven’t found a damn thing! Although I suppose a return to sports reporter is really not an option…”Vague tree insects croak in unison around James, his only other apparent occupants of this now atypically humid night. With billowing smoke announcing its presence the ship they’ve been tracking for days slowly glides into view though he, left foot propped on the shredded remains of a stump, obscured by the tree line, hopes his presence is not nearly so obvious. Really, his greatest fear at this point is a surprise guest appearance by their belligerent would be leader, sneaking up on him through the trees. Otherwise, intelligence of this debatable transmission aside, he views survival as proof enough of their continued invisibility: if the enemy was certain of their presence, they would surely be dead.“Did you enjoy that? Sports reporting?”
“Tremendously. But at some point, I don’t know, I started to crave some work that was a little more substantial, if you know what I’m sayin. Not to mention the pay was better, tackling heavier topics. I suppose that this shall we say curiosity or agreeability is how I end up in stupid ass spots like this one!” Eldorado laughs heartily, straightens up after a moment, then asks James, “what about you, were you ever into sports?”
“I used to be. It’s funny, though, I can pinpoint the exact moment my stomach soured on sports.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. I was crashing at a friend’s a few years ago after a night out drinking. And it’s like 4 in the morning and I’m on the couch flipping through channels...”
“Hmm,” Eldorado jokes, “I only wish my ass had been doing that at 4 in the morning when I was drinking. Be a whole lot better off right now...”
“Anyway I happened onto this show on the football network, it’s like a retrospective about the coaching career of...what’s his nickname, like the Big Smelly Mackerel or something? Fat fuck, spiky grey hair?”
“Right, right, Parsons. First he was a coach and now he is – or was – an executive or CEO or whatever. District manager,” Eldorado chuckles. 
“Yeah, well no, well, he was like a coach for a while and then he was one of those guys up behind the glass booth or whatever running the show.”
“Bob Parsons?
“That’s right, Bob Parsons, Bob Parsons. Anyway it’s supposed to be some moving retrospective about how amazing his forty years in the game have been. He does his little jackass routine for this franchise for four or five years, then he moves onto this franchise for a few, then this one. But in all this time, he’s won a whopping two Super Bowls, and I’m watching this thinking, basically, who gives a fuck? Why is this amazing? Two Super Bowls in forty some years, but there’s thirty two teams, that’s barely above average. Or actually below average when you stop to consider he was only picking teams who had somewhat of a chance to win to begin with. For this we have to sit through footage of upper management types fawning over his every utterance, wiping his ass, and meanwhile they’re interviewing former players who you can see are clearly still majorly pissed off at the dude after all these years, some of them even seem on the verge of tears, the way this shithead treated them.”
“Well unfortunately that’s a comment on the human condition,” Eldorado says, “I mean, we’re hardwired to appreciate athletic endeavors, which feeds into our own competitive streaks, the will to win. Granted some folks go overboard with this shit, but...”

“Yeah but that’s not even what it is at all. You throw a bunch of kids out here right now playing a hardnosed game in front of us, and I’d be riveted. But guys like this Big Mackerel fuckhead, it turned into something else completely - I don’t think it had anything to do with the will to win whatsoever. It had to do with showboating, and demonstrating what a hotshot he is, and padding some perceived majestic legacy that’s been seriously overblown in his mind. I don’t know, I just had to stop watching. All of it. Bravo sir, you have really accomplished something there! Pssh. He should be shot. Hopefully he has been.”
 Just then a figure materializes to James’s immediate left, without warning, without a sound. Steve. James jumps out of his skin as much as that phrase could ever literally apply to a bad case of nerves. But Driscoll says nothing, just holds open his palm to indicate he would like control of the makeshift radio now, a humorless expression on his face. 
“Describe your present location.”
And by making this simple if stern request, by not mentioning James’s transgression, Steve has with both of these gestures signed off as well on communicating with Eldorado. Taciturn beyond mentioning his motivations why, perhaps, the reasons he’s reconsidered, but from where James is standing this scarcely matters.
“Without compromising your safety we really need you in place gathering as much information as possible.”
And with this, and a reluctant agreement from Eldorado that he will do what he can, Steve ceases two way communication. A seemingly interminable silence follows, as he and James stand side by side watching the ship sail out of sight. They adjust their own positions accordingly, as close to the shoreline as they feel comfortable without stepping beyond the blanket of trees. Once this no longer suffices, Driscoll withdraws a pocket sized pair of binoculars and zooms in for a closer look.
“A little back and forth was probably not a bad idea,” Steve allows, breaking the speech embargo at last, “problem is, how do you put up barriers for some of the crew and not the others, and get them to go along with it? You, Eldorado, Ladders…I get the feeling we’re on the same page here. Otherwise I’m basically dealing with fucking nimrods…”
True to form, James has gradually become less and less intimidated in Steve’s presence. He’s always quick with the jackass comment, it seems, almost as a reflex, and if pushed he will defend his own ground. But speaking up on behalf of someone else, particularly when it means confronting a personality as thorny as Steve’s, this has always taken a certain degree of familiarity and comfort.
“Umm…,” James clears his throat, “I think we have a really solid team in place throughout. Scott’s got some things he’s great at, Donna…”
Eyes pressed firmly against the twin hooded lens, Driscoll continues scanning the eastern horizon but concedes, “well, I mean, certain others have their uses, but for the most part…well now, how you like that…I sure as hell didn’t see this coming…”
Their observations had led them to a number of tankers sitting in a holding pattern just beyond the horizon. Sighted only by happenstance, as they were checking the hotel rooftop as part of their customary inspection of any premises they are claiming. According to Steve these tankers were of foreign origin, though of what nation specifically he could not say. Even so, it seemed logical to assume a rendezvous of some sort, that this is where the barge they’ve been tracking was headed. Except now it charts a gradual right turn and begins its slow descent down Virginia’s Atlantic shoreline.
“What does this mean?” James wonders.
“I have no idea.”



The Word Is Alive Bible Wax Museum was the kind of strange relic one could only reasonably expect to find in the south. Wherever that mostly imaginary line ever existed, and despite its almost assuredly having been eradicated now, clearly something changed as you moved through these so called border states. Geographically perhaps Virginia was no more a southern entity any more than Ohio appeared to be situated in the Midwest, but attitude had always shaped these regions more than any map ever could.
“The south is fuckin weird,” Nick says.
“Things are weird everywhere,” Jennifer offers in rebuttal.
“Well now, yeah,” Katherine replies.
“Not just now, always. I like how in the bigger cities of the east, though, weirdness is always treated as some highbrow concept, and the natives break out big words like multicultural or postmodern or existential or some such crap,” Jennifer says.
“Right,” Nick chuckles, “but down here, you’re just fuckin weird. There’s something wrong with you, some kind of mental defect.”
“Nonetheless…,” Katherine sighs, “shall we?”
“I think we pretty much have to,” Jennifer says, and motions at the door.
In three separate trips back and forth to the hotel, they have stockpiled everything that their sudden squad of twenty three had requested. Traveling in separate vehicles seemed silly, and so even if having no comprehensive list meant assembling these items ad hoc – read: a lot more leg work – time appeared to be of no real consequence. It wasn’t as if they had anything better to do. Now, along some relatively minor street in downtown Tarville, the three of them have stumbled across this strange museum. 
Collectively the trio determines that these wax reenactments are arranged, creatively enough, in sequential order. As much as any of them can be termed an authority on Bible imagery, anyway – beginning with a number of key scenes that roll just after opening credits, the easy ones involving highly efficient multitasking days for the would be creator, a fratricide episode fit for true crime television, the preposterous flood. The figures themselves are rendered with impressive detail, though the props surrounding them – a few dramatic moveable parts aside – look a bit flimsy, the backdrops in particular done on a shoe string. Not that this was ever particularly the point.
“Overall I’d have to say I’m surprisingly impressed,” Jennifer notes.
“Yeah, except these people are almost too well done,” Nick says, “they’re kinda creeping me out.”
Katherine chuckles and says, “something about their eyes…like when you find yourself in close quarters with someone that makes your hair stand on end, and you’re not sure why.”
The pace of the tour is dictated by a soundtrack that still functions, providing dramatic music, narration, some back and forth chitchat between its stars. Thunder peels and other ungodly shock tactic sound effects flesh out the aural landscape. They move on through the ten plagues of Egypt, which involves an especially disquieting locust swarm, a burning bush, the improbable parting of an entire sea by willpower alone.
“I’m a little surprised actually by how much of this crap I already know,” Jennifer says, as they pause to extract cigarettes and light up.
“Did you know that the first cave paintings were of a vagina?” Nick throws out.
Katherine blurts out a surprised burst of laughter and covers her mouth. Jennifer merely grins and says, “wow, that was really random.”
“Sorry, I guess that was just one piece of this whole thought process I’m putting together,” he explains, “but like, in a number of different locations, archeologists or whatever have found this to be true, the cavemen were drawing pussies and nothing else for like eons. They have found bones in close proximity to these paintings. They’ve been carbon dated to hundreds of thousands of years ago. Yet if you took these events depicted here as, um, well, the gospel, you’d have to believe all this took place six thousand years ago, that there were no other people around whatsoever, and that all the historical artifacts that might back this up had completely disappeared.”
“Maybe the government had just outlawed cigarettes and alcohol then, too,” Jennifer grins, “that’s why there weren’t any people around.”
“What does that have to do with cave paintings of pussies?” Katherine wonders.
“Seriously though I think the Absolutely Correct Modern Interpretation Of The Bible is that the dates and times are supposed to be figurative, right?” Jennifer says, “all this stuff was supposed to have transpired thousands of years before the caveman era?”
“Well that’s what I’m saying, this doesn’t make any sense either,” Nick explains, “for that to be true, you’d have to believe there were epochs upon epochs of highly literate people transcribing accurate historical documents, then somehow humans devolving to a point where first they couldn’t even figure out how to draw, then all they could draw for a few thousand years there was crude vaginas before they moved on to buffalo or whatever. Then you’d have to have this extremely organized church network spring up out of nowhere and establish itself all over, like, Europe and Africa and the Middle East in an instant, but they’d have no record of these hundreds of thousands of caveman years in between?”
 “Everything anyone has ever believed in has eventually been proven wrong. The Romans and Greeks thought there were angry beings in the sky or whatever controlling the weather,” Jennifer says, continuing this thread, “Someday this notion of a God and of a soul that floats up to heaven is going to be nothing but an amusing anecdote in some third grader’s history book. We will seem like such quaint and silly creatures. Someday these characters will have about as much significance as certain fast food restaurant spokesperson clowns.”
“Ah, but no!” Nick says in a mocking tone, “not according to the Absolutely Correct whatever you call it of the Bible! It’s all some conspiracy by every scientist in the known galaxy to suppress key information!”
“Funded by the United Coalition of Satan Worshippers,” Katherine says.
“Yeah,” Nick chuckles, “and, you know, evidence that certain scenes of the Bible were actually stolen and pieced together elsewhere from much older religions, that’s part of the conspiracy, too.”
“And anyone who doesn’t believe in the Absolutely Correct Modern Interpretation Of The Bible shall burn in hell,” Jennifer elaborates, “but this doesn’t mean, mind you, that biblical figures who beheaded people for eating shellfish, for example, shall be punished, they’re….”
“Grandfathered in.”
“Right, that’s the phrase I was looking for, they’re grandfathered in under what was then the Absolutely Correct Modern Interpretation of the Bible.”
“Or was this all some kind of fable?” Katherine questions, “I get a little confused on what is Obviously True And Absolutely Correct, and what was a Clear Symbolic Moral Allegory.”
“Ah but see now there you would have to brush up on your Absolutely Correct Modern Interpretation,” Nick scoffs, “you don’t want to believe something that has been debunked as outdated. Unless of course you believed it at the time it was Absolutely Correct.”  
“Now of course it probably doesn’t matter, because I think a whole lot of this is just going to die out,” Jennifer says, “but it would have been far more beneficial to mankind as a whole if all those Christian nuts throughout history had just said instead, okay, these are just fictional fables, but they’re important for people to study and apply to their lives. Because some kind of moral backing is necessary, really, and a lot of these lessons are good ones. A lot less time and money wasted, senseless wars, you name it.”
Operating on the speech free telepathy of a smoking herd, the three of them start moving again in unison. Butts on the floor and stomped out, moving from Exodus into Deuteronomy. 
“Getting back to those cave paintings, though…,” Nick says.
“Oh here we go again,” Katherine says.
“No, but you wonder what religious fanatics would have made of those had they been around back then. These primitive pussies…part historical document, part anatomy lesson. Part sexual aide to get the cavemen fired up and have babies and perpetuate our race. But no, I’m sure a whole bunch of Bible thumpers would have been up in arms about such pornography and like, premarital sex.”
“Speaking of which,” Katherine turns to Jennifer with a sly smile, “you and James, huh? How was it?”
Jennifer clicks her fingers in both hands as she does dance and says, “just what the doctor ordered, baby.”
“Because that isn’t some kind of bogus ritual that has also been pieced together and made irrefutable standard over time, the marriage tradition…,” Nick muses, out on his own limb now.
“I wouldn’t have expected that,” Katherine tells Jennifer, “I don’t see it. Someone more masculine seems your type, like Steve. Scott even. James is so quiet.”
“Trust me there’s a lot more going on there than you might think. He’s very smart. I think he just sits back and analyzes a situation awhile and figures out how to maneuver within it. Instead of just barging in and projecting this stock personality or whatever. Anyway…you’ll be hearing a lot more from him over time.”
“For same, for shame,” Nick chides, “now you two are gonna, like, burn in the…towering…pillars….of Babylon…with, like, Samson and Gomorrah. Or something.”
“Did you know Babylon was a fictional city, too? Never existed.”



Despite their pleas and his own simple curiosity, Eldorado doesn’t venture from his erstwhile bunker for another day and a half. Eventually, hunger proves the catalyzing force, for once it became apparent that he would probably play along at some point with Steve’s insistent wishes, Eldorado immediately scarfed down much of the food he’d so adamantly hoarded, there in that duct. Wallowed with the misery of a shrunken stomach afterwards grappling with this onslaught of sustenance, pondered the philosophical implications of what he might attempt.
This whole business of him aboard this ship, it presents a case just ripe for debate. Is he a hero for volunteering, or is he a chump whose strings were being pulled? Some of the time he feels in command, at others, particularly in his last terse conversation with Steve, he suspects he’s more the marionette. 
In the end, gnawing belly aside – for truly, he was certain he could have held out days longer if need be – it’s thoughts of Eric that prod him out of his bunker. The absurd swiftness with which you could commit a truly horrific act marring, or in this case outright negating, someone else’s life, and then move on to thinking of very little else, again, except the casual concerns of your own. Accident or no, on the occasions that his revolving door of a mind returns to it – plenty, he supposes, though not nearly as much as one might expect from a person doing nothing but lying in a tunnel – he is repulsed and saddened afresh each time. 
When the time arrives to emerge once more, again he waits until the morning march to breakfast. Yet the ease with which he falls in line amongst his faux colleagues only serves to illustrate the ultimate futility of this mission. He has no doubt that many an important thing could be learned if only one knew where to look, but he doesn’t, and at any rate he believes that he would almost certainly have to ingratiate himself with the higher ups somehow to glean anything useful at all. But here, stomping off to mess with a bunch of grunts, not so much. No one is on guard because there is nothing to be on guard about. This was a dumb idea.
This whole episode was a dumb idea, and what’s more, it seems reasonable to assume that extricating oneself from this situation would prove a lot more difficult than insinuation had been. As one would expect, however, at least the fare being doled out in the cafeteria is above average – maybe as recently as Vietnam the troops had subsisted on dreadful C-rations cans, were reduced to bartering for one lucky soldier’s onion. But that cliché about dreadful mess hall grub had long since been toast, in Eldorado’s observation, as reality based as that old rumor about saltpeter in this same food to cut down on horniness.
Still, for reasons altogether removed from those of quality, mess time always proves plenty unsettling. Eldorado has endured in his lifetime as many wisecracks about his purported off the wall mindset as he’d had bad meals, suggestions that maybe he wasn’t all there. But he feels he’s always possessed a knack for sniffing out the reality of a situation based on the flimsiest of evidence – call it journalistic instinct, call it whatever – and yet the truth remained that accident played a role, true, for one easy and simple instance it hadn’t been Eric pulling the trigger on him, but even so, he hasn’t made it this far without tremendous survivalist instinct. And what his instincts were telling him, again, was that…these soldiers don’t know shit.
His usual tricks all fall flat. Hints, jokes, word association games, indirect questions, outright inquiries – exhaustively thought through in advance against any chance that he might give his true identity away – none of this produces one iota of useful information. In theory it was possible that an entire legion of thrown together enforcement figures had been coached incredibly well, but as the saying went, if it looked like a turd and smelled like a turd, it probably was a turd. The most likely explanation was also the simplest. These people, at least ninety five percent male, were recruited at some point to transport whatever this barge was carrying from point A to point B, and to eliminate any threats that stood in their way. They know nothing else, nor had they ever, and for that matter maybe they had been recruited because they wouldn’t ask. In every other respect they seem completely normal: fraternal clowning, trivial chatter, even the expected back and forth taunts, all went into this kettle of expected human behavior, particularly in close quarters, particularly under duress.
It is during his aimless saunter back from the mess hall that he first catches glimpse of the chick with the ponytail. Color unsure in the murky light of this hallway’s distant end, yet undeniably curly, tumbling out the back end of her militant green, almost Fidel Castro-esque ballcap. Eldorado feels the familiar panic creeping in, as one by one every last soul – were they properly termed soldiers? Police? Some amalgamation of the two, or an altogether new phrase? His mind kept writing story leads that would never find the light of day – broke off into their predetermined roles, whereas he of course suffers a noticeable lack in this department. Here the old standby of dipping into the restroom, and hiding out in a stall until the proverbial coast is clear, again it serves him well. Certainly such a tactic would not get off the ground often in a normal military setting. 
Aboard this ship, however, which is apparently sailing down the Atlantic coast at this moment bound for points unknown, some random list causes him to lurch into the wall just as he’s exiting the men’s room somewhere in its hull, but otherwise he encounters not a hitch. Except then he is through the doorway and has no sooner turned into the hallway, when he looks up and meets the equally astounded gaze of the possibly autumn locked young lady, this vision who has dressed the part to a tee, like he, but for the round O of her open mouth, a single expression that sets off every red flag in Eldorado’s radar.
She is frozen, rooted in place near the doorway of some storage hold just ahead of him. And then a door between them swings open, to Eldorado’s left, and her eyes widen, as she darts out of sight. The face emerging at the other end of this open door is one he does recognize, however, that of Collins, the grizzled grey maniac who’d led them during the thwarted bank heist. And now it is Eldorado’s turn to be frozen. Collins looks at him, then down the hallway in the direction of the disappeared girl, then back at him. He nods a few times, as if the sight before him appears exactly as it should.
“Turnbull! Perfect! You’re just in time for our meeting!” Collins barks.
And he steps out from the doorway, and with his right arm gestures into the room from whence he’d came. Eldorado gulps once and shuffles forward, understanding that at this moment he has little choice. If all else fails, he always has a gun.



“Look at these ducks!” Donna giggles, “they are completely unfazed by, like, this bread that’s falling from the sky. They don’t even bother to turn around and look at us, they just scoop down and eat it.”
“Actually you’ll notice they’re not even eating it,” Scott corrects her, “I think they’re nibbling at it, and then they let it sink. They can tell it’s Cost Merchant bread.”
“Fucking bastards,” Donna says, “I like the ones with the green head, though, and like the priest collars. What are they called, mallards? I of all people should know this.”
“Beats me,” Scott shrugs, “I just call them all ducks.”
Having given away the last of the loaf, the two of them turn around from the banks of the James and begin the slow march back to the house they alone have occupied for a few weeks now. Hand in hand, in fact: inevitable or not, they too wound up in bed together shortly after Jennifer paired off with James. Donna cannot recall with surety whether the thought was a conscious one or not before she suggested Scott stay here with her; it surely must have been buried not so deep below the surface, however, for it was their first night alone in the house where she took him, her first man in years. And how she had dreaded the awkwardness of her initial reentry into adult relations, which in itself had only served to delay it further. Yet nothing was awkward about that night with Scott, it had just been sweet. To sleep in separate rooms in the spacious and otherwise abandoned house seemed weird, and so once this barrier was crossed, this agreement reached, laying side by side and chatting, wisecracking, solving the problems of the universe, it seamlessly segued into her eternal summer dress coming off and Donna welcoming Scott into her with a hunger that surprised both. First she had been weeping openly about Eric and the massacre involving Dr. Logan that they had so narrowly avoided – it was only now, weeks later, it appeared, that she’d had the proper distance to reflect upon these things – and then they’d been busying releasing their bottled tensions.
“You know, it might sound weird,” Donna muses, after they pause to light up smokes, continue walking, “but this is the most normal social network I’ve ever experienced. I didn’t really have a normal family structure growing up.”
“Actually I did have a normal family structure,” Scott says, “and still I would agree with you.”
“Really?” her molasses eyes turn up to him and ask, searching his, eyes made cautious but optimistic by this, the surprise of finding kinship when expecting none, “how so?”
“I don’t know I mean…like my parents were really religious so my dad couldn’t tell any normal jokes, his jokes were always lame and cheesy. I used to get so embarrassed and even angry being anywhere with that dude. Now of course I’d give my left arm to hear one of his jokes.”
“Well yeah, I’m sure, but…what else? I mean, no offense but is that all you’ve got?”
“I don’t know, talk to James about it. He can tell you, he’s a lot better at remembering, like, certain days in minute detail. I just remember generalities. Like my mom was a horrendous cook and first my sister was a bookworm, then she was a drug fiend, and I used to get so appalled by all of them I would make people drop me off a block away from home so no one would see my house. This was back when the word generic was a catch phrase, remember that whole era? It seemed hilarious for a few months there, I used to use it a lot then. Everything was generic.”
“Ummm…okay, but I still…”
“And then of course right after your rebellious phase, like late teens or early twenties, there’s always this phase of, you’re gonna get really into religion too, and you and your girlfriend talk about your gonna stop having sex now until you get married, but of course that doesn’t last.”
Donna laughs and says, “ah ha, now see! This is the Scott I’ve been waiting for. Everyone has. Why wouldn’t you talk this much when everyone else was around? In fact you said nothing when everyone else was around.”
He grimaces and says, staring off at some indeterminable point in the distance as he does so, “mmm, I’m not so good in crowds. Did you know I used to get beat up so routinely in elementary that my parents took me out and home schooled me? Of course, that’s the real issue here.”
Donna shakes her head and says, “kids for the most part are a lot crueler to each other than adults are. And in the back of our minds we all know this, but even so, what happens to us when we’re kids sets up so much of the neurosis in our later years. It’s fucked up.”
They’ve instinctively reached a front corner of the house and kept moving around to the back of it. Not a word said, because there’s no need to, because every trip concludes with a similar foray. Back to see the dogs, the snarling Dobermans they’ve stockpiled and sequestered as necessary in cages on the left side of the yard, pit bulls on the right, Rottweilers in back. Donna wasn’t sure at the outset which species would prove more amenable to the demands of their operation, and still wasn’t entirely convinced in any respect.
“I hate that we are doing this,” she says, “I really do. But it’s for the greater common good, right? I mean right? When things were normal it seemed somewhat preposterous to think your actions had much impact but…”
“But you did turn into some kind of do gooder there at the end, though, I think you told me,” Scott says.
“Well yeah, but it’s not like you ever thought to yourself, oh my god, the future of the entire human race might depend on me. Now, though, who knows? And then I get to obsessing over, who are we to say our lives are more important than that of these dogs, for instance? We get to decide which animals are necessary and which are not?”
“The Bible actually says you should weep when someone is born, and rejoice when they die,” Scott notes, “can you imagine?”
“Well, maybe we should. What is so important about us that we absolutely have to carry on, outside of our own egos?” 
“Noah started it,” Scott suggests with a chuckle, “two of every other species, except us, in which case it’s as many as can cram aboard. Presumably every single animal he toted aboard that boat was able to procreate? Otherwise, oops, sorry, bye bye. And what about bugs? Polar bears? South American tree frogs?”
As they’ve paused by the back patio, Donna clicks her lighter to life and touches the flame to a fresh cigarette. Drawing and exhaling, she too chuckles now and says, “no, that’s one of those stories you’re only supposed to take partially seriously now, didn’t you know that? Come on, I thought you were the big churchgoer.”
“The ark never existed?”
“The ark existed. The story is true, but some of the scope of it might have been exaggerated shall we say. And damn you,” she jokes, pointing her cigarette fingers – the index and the middle that grasp the lit payload – at his chest, “if you don’t show the proper balance of belief in and distance from the tale.”
As they titter in unison, Donna leads the way up the handful of concrete steps and inside the spacious house. Making their way to the kitchen, they extract the raw protein which has constituted the bulk of these trained beasts’ diet during their time here. 
Rustling up these animals had not exactly been a breeze. With Randy and a number of his minions still in town, acquiring the parts to assemble cages behind the house, Scott and Donna began by scouring Carrolltown for all available attack dogs. The question of whether they could be trained in such a short window of time – or, if not, if Donna would be able to mold these animals to suit their needs – this is one that nobody had a ready, satisfactory answer for. Still, they begin by searching for a library, which led them to some phone books, which led them to the animal shelters and dog pounds, where inevitably, as had been the case in every town they’d encountered since Donna began her great pet liberation campaign, there were, amid all the rotting carcasses, still a few ravenous, emaciated creatures barely clinging to life, shaking with cautious gratitude as they were let out of their pens and fed.
From there, with time at their disposal, they would randomly roam the houses in and around town. On the edges of Carrolltown they discover their first human cadaver in all this, a strange and noticeable lack that nobody had really picked up on before, somehow – one after another these villages and cities were deserted, people missing and presumed dead, but damned if they could find any bodies. He was a middle aged man with a sunhat on and a week’s worth of beard stubble, seated with his back against the cellar door on the side of a charming country house. The yard around him cluttered with bird baths, wheel barrows, mounds of dirt and other landscaping artifacts to the point that they almost didn’t see him, and when they did, he looked so peaceful they initially assumed he was asleep. 
One thing about the eerie, gratis buffets these grocery stores now represented, though, was that cost no longer stood in the way. Enough time had passed since anyone was around to worry about such things as product rotation and expiration dates, that the refrigerated meat had pretty much all gone bad. But they still had a world of frozen product at their disposal, and during one such supermarket sweep, Scott played jester by loading up a shopping cart full of rotten product and wheeling it out to throw in the dumpster as Donna was busy accumulating what they actually needed.
This isn’t to say Scott never makes himself useful. In the driveway at one of the houses a semi truck devoid of its trailer is parked, and he takes off in a half sprint, jumps up into the cab. He had spotted the telltale antenna of a citizen’s band radio, the blessed c.b., and is thrilled to find it functional. In their spare time, thus, bringing it back to the house, when bored with watching movies or playing video games, in the slivers of the clock between the seemingly incessant demands of both their mission and their lust – for they spent plenty of time in bed together, too – they fire up this contraption and troll for similarly stranded souls. Before long he is engaged constructing his own ham radio, in time reconnecting with Tom Hegeland and his crew, broadcasting from that commune back there somewhere in the wilds of West Virginia: as advertised, he had an impossibly powerful signal. With modifications, however, Scott is able to beef up their own to a similar strength, and they begin sending vague transmissions back and forth daily – random chitchat, nothing that can be used against them.
They are out back throwing porterhouses and ribeyes to the snarling mongrels when a series of white vans began rolling up the driveway. Randy and his people, here to enact the next phase. Via Scott’s makeshift fast food drive through radios, they had only announced their presence five minutes ago – this being all the warning such devices allotted, in this age devoid of telephones, and their paranoia about outfitting the vehicles with c.b.’s, if in theory they could even find some more, and transmitting useful information via those channels.
“Sometimes I wish we had stayed back there on Tom’s farm,” Donna sighs, as they watch these camouflage and headband wearing clichés step out of those vehicles and into their lives, “but it just seemed irresponsible, you know?”
“Yeah.”
“Fuck,” she chuckles through clenched teeth, “whoever could have imagined I would be saying something like that…”
“Really,” Scott says, appending his comment with a short, humorless laugh.
“But what do you think’s happening, really? Is it purely some big government conspiracy? Are they in cahoots with some major corporations? Alien invasion? Or are we at the mercy of some foreign country?”
“Fuck all that, fuck all that!” Randy says, breathless, waving them as he approaches with a somewhat urgent gait, “we found people! There was this tiny little town we drove through…some professor was standing at this podium on the square, he had a crowd of maybe fifty, sixty…we stopped and listened awhile, I don’t know, a lot of what he’s sayin’ seemed to make sense…”
And at this, Scott and Donna exchange wide eyed, horrified glances, their jaws just about hit the ground.



Initially Steve was been unable to abandon control to the extent that no one else aside from he knew the location of their target. If he had issues trusting his people, at least no one could accuse him of sitting back and letting his troops take all the bullets. His primary argument concerned capture, and that anyone caught could spill the beans about their location, but as James and Jennifer quickly pointed out, a person might conceivably encounter a trap anywhere. The enemy could capture them at the supermarket, the enemy could capture them while they are rustling up gas. In time, Steve agreed, and let them in.
That they would wind up occupying a seedy motel miles outside the nearest desolate town, Pelton, in the heart of hardscrabble South Carolina is perhaps the most unimaginable twist thus far. In tracking their slow moving barge, they are days into its painful crawl when the first piece of useful information emerges. At an outcropping along North Carolina’s outer banks, equipped with some relatively powerful telescopes they’d picked up at a hobby shop in southeastern Virginia, they observe the ship as it actually curves inward to a point that it is closer to the mainland than they. It is at this juncture they observe the fine powder blowing out of a series of vents along its port side. Whether this had been the case ever since the vessel had begun its shoreline ocean trek was impossible to say, but nevertheless they clearly weren’t exhaling this substance from the more visible starboard side, viewable from land.
Yet the ease with which they are traveling does fill James with a significant amount of dread. Surely they could not move so freely without detection, particularly after that botched raid in Richmond. Surely Bruce must have coughed up some information upon his capture, someone had to be concerned about their whereabouts and what they were up to. Or were their movements entirely without meaning? Maybe they were only spinning their wheels, the illusion of progress just that. Then again, there was also the possibility they’d been a lot trickier than even they gave themselves credit for – certainly Steve seemed to have a full reign on the situation at all times, he was a wellspring of credible ideas, and James felt that, as Driscoll himself had alluded, he and the others were making solid contributions to the cause. 
But that was just it, the uncertainty fed this gnawing unease. You just never knew what you were up against, you never had a specific read on where you stood. You would almost rather suffer a rash of bad news, however horrific, for then you could at least adequately size up your options. 
“No way, James. Huh uh. Forget it,” Jennifer is saying, shaking her cornrowed head adamantly in the middle of the motel room where the two of them, and Steve, are locking horns over James’s latest proposal.
“I think I can pull it off,” he says, “come on. You know me. I’ll be alright, somehow, I’m not gonna do anything stupid.”
They are six miles away from the site, roughly. For days they have bided their time here, in planning and observation, awaiting the arrival of the remainder. And if the manner in which their target went not out to sea but down the eastern seaboard surprised them, then all the more so did as this ship turned on a metaphoric dime into some innocuous inlet just south of Charleston, snaking its way through yet another river deep into the belly of this forgotten state. Every night since then, upon backtracking to and settling upon this secure, remote location, Steve has crept up there on foot and back again before daybreak, initially solo, eventually in concert with whoever else cared to attend.
The journey is not one James would care to make alone. He isn’t sure about the origins of Steve’s directional and tracking skills, but he’s pretty sure that the phrase bad-ass is appropriate to use in conjunction with them. Shortly upon leaving the motel, less than a half mile south along this derelict country road, the preferred method of approach has them veering into the heart of thick, pine heavy forest, the scenery not to change one whit from here until they run into a chain link fence at the tail end of their journey. Not once does Steve sail past it, though armed only with dim flashlights they scarcely even use. With the fence forming a complete circle they always strike a different point of it, but even so this comes in the name of reconnaissance – often wordless, Steve seems to gather every detail, forming conclusions the rest of them cannot begin to fathom.
Though scrutinizing any conceivable angle of the warehouse-like facility below, as well as the operations surrounding it, they have not so surprisingly learned very little. From their handful of altercations with the enemy, they might expect to recognize a face or two, not the least of these being Eldorado’s or Judith’s. Instead, nothing but blanks await them on the other end of their binoculars and their high powered telescopes. In fact the crew surrounding this plant or this storage facility or this training grounds or whatever the hell it is would seem light, the men down there at once both loose and menacing. Again, James finds some measure of terror in their casualness – it isn’t that the enemy is careless, it’s that the enemy seems to feel it has nothing to fear.
As they await the arrival of Scott and Donna and the others, having dispatched Randy and his minions with the vans days ago, leisure time trails out in predictable fashion, as it has since this odyssey began. They have had less luck securing alcohol down here, for whatever reason, and it appears ironic, too, that in the heart of tobacco country that cigarettes would dry up for them as well. Raiding houses has produced very little, aside from two dead human bodies, and the inevitable caged birds and hamsters and bowl bound fish that had also long since expired. 
James takes to riding his bicycle back and forth to Pelton, which is a zigzaggy couple of miles northeast. High on his priority list is pillaging the local library and bringing his finds via backpack back to the motel. Initially he is derided for the bicycle and the books but now has plenty of brethren in both. No real rhyme or reason to his selections, he just cases the aisles until something catches his eye. Without intending to do so he almost always emerges with an even split between history and how-to, with very little fiction thrown in. A subliminal implication of made up tales, almost, as though saying they could provide very little guidance regarding this current situation.
And so as Jennifer conducts sharpshooting tutorials behind the building, as Steve paces around swilling coffee, obscured in thought and only ever once in a tremendously great while bouncing ideas off of people, as Nick logs uninterrupted fourteen and sixteen hour sessions with a video game controller in hand, James takes considerable satisfaction in meandering around the property and counting the number of cracked open books. This person sitting on the edge of the wooden front walkway, feet in the dirt parking lot, smoldering cigarette in one hand and dog eared manual on Morse code in the other. That person sprawled out in bed, feet crossed and casually absorbing the finer points of Churchill’s foreign policy. All the while they are in and out of each other’s rooms on a continual basis, the unspoken agreement being that if the door is wide open, no permission is needed. More than one of them notes that this is most normal social and/or family environment that he or she has known in years, if ever.
“You know what you shoulda got,” Katherine says to James early one evening, as a handful of them are gathered in hers and Nick’s room. She’s seated at the small table by the window with a lamp on, the dregs of a cheap canned beer in one hand and some goofy chest-exposed-on-the-cover romance, procured by request, in the other, “you shoulda got that one book, what’s it called, you know what I’m talking about. Big Brother. Seems kinda fitting with our current situation.”
“1984?” James marvels in disbelief. He shakes his head from his usual position, seated on the floor with his back against the wall, “it amazes me how context is lost over time. The funny thing about that book is that Orwell was a socialist. It isn’t this pro democracy tract that people make it out to be. He was in favor of a heavy handed government, he just had different ideas for how it should be run.”
“I tried reading that once, actually,” Nick drones. His facial expression doesn’t change one bit, however, as it has not for probably the past day in the half – wide eyed zombified glare, equal parts zoned out and enraptured, at the single person shooter game he’s playing, “boring as shit.”
“Did you know South Carolina fought more Revolutionary War battles than the rest of the colonies combined?” a random new recruit, unknown to James, declares from a seat at the edge of the bed. At this moment he’s looking up from a thin pictorial history tome that looks as though it might have been intended for a first grader, “incredible. All I remember ever hearing about was Paul Revere and shit, like a month solid about Paul Revere.”
During one trip into town, six or seven of them on bicycles, Nick remarks in passing the corporation limit sign that he’d like to rename Pelton. From this point onward, a number of them refer to the town as Nick, South Carolina. Some find this preposterous, not to mention disrespectful, that they couldn’t just go around brushing aside history. Some point out that we had no problem brushing aside the Native American history, for they surely had names for these towns, too, before the whites ever came along.

Now, this heated discussion between the three of them in the middle of James and Jennifer’s room. Though this idea of infiltration has been nagging at him for weeks, the thought that he might find a way inside and if not eclipse the job Eldorado has done then at least better define it, if only in his own head, the site of such burning curiosity. Yet though this idea was stewing all this time, he truly had not been certain which way he was leaning until the opportunity to air it out here came along.
“Not the best idea in the world,” Steve reiterates. Ever present coffee mug in hand, attired otherwise in his standard issue costume of black combat boots, camouflage pants and black belt with a pistol holstered at his hip. A random tee shirt, not too worn – militant or otherwise, Steve might dress for the jungle but he was seldom seen dirty – and an AK-47 slung over that. “We need you out here.”
“If you think I’m getting this close to you, and then letting you walk off into the sunset of some stupid heroic notion, you’re out of your mind,” Jennifer fires at him right on the heels of Driscoll’s more restrained objections. James notices that she is blushing, which almost never – as in, he has yet to see it – happens. And as she’s wearing her own customary uniform of tattered, faded jean shorts with an actual hole in the ass, a white tank top that pulls just short enough at the waist to offer a glimpse of her taut midriff, the inevitable cornrowed blonde hair and purple lipstick, her arguments are convincing if for all the wrong reasons. 
And yet who is he to say that biology isn’t allowed its stake in the discussion? Survival of the species always assumed to mean the ability to procreate, and yet how many cavemen were kept placated on the prairie by the promise of good cavewoman pussy, how many modern warriors at home in bed sleeping off a lay rather than out blowing up others, quite possibly themselves? Jennifer thus clearly angry and presenting a good, reasonable case. James’s mind is mostly made up. But they say fear gets the sex drive working double time, and right now this is virtually all the can think about.
“Okay, okay,” James cuts both of them off, with a wave of the hand, “all of what you’re saying is true. You can quit talking.”


Consider this the strangest board meeting in history. One moment Eldorado is so convinced of his imminent death that he’s got a hand on the butt of his gun, resolved to taking out as many as he can. The next, he is sitting in a dingy, windowless and excessively humid room around one metallic grey rectangle of a table, with six other men of various uniform. 
Some wear the standard police attire of whatever district from which they were recruited. Others, a generic drab olive green getup straight from some 1950s war movie. But to a man, they sit at the table of this so called tribunal, this melding of the minds…and say nothing. Nada. Not one word muttered by any of them. Eldorado starts out stammering a few nervous phrases, but these quote unquote superiors aren’t paying any attention, or for that matter even looking his way. They sit with their chins on their chest, staring down at the table. Every so often, one or more of the men sort of lurches in his seat, as if overcome by a sudden belch. But no sound issues forth, though this scenario repeats itself endlessly  – they aren’t synchronized by any means, these involuntary burps or whatever you‘d call them, but are happening with far too great a regularity to dismiss as some zany coincidence. Creepy enough, but the men are also nodding every now and then, too.
Eldorado isn’t sure how long this might go on, but he becomes too spooked at some point to move or speak. Except then finally, alas, Collins looks up with a start, and for a split second Eldorado believes he can visually ascertain a sparkle flooding back into the irises of this man’s grayish blue eyes. “Right, then,” Collins says, clapping his hands together, at which point everyone else begins stirring as well, “I think that just about sums it up.”
He cannot get out of this room fast enough. Eyes so wide they threaten to bug out of his head, right hand as near the butt of the gun as can be without actually drawing it, Eldorado flies up out of his chair and backs his way to the door, reaches for the handle with his left. But these officers, though some shoot offhand quizzical glances his way while still others, Collins included, yawn and stretch and make small talk, appear completely disinterested in him. Nonetheless, he is out the door and in a sprint down the hallway, boots echoing with a ferocious rattle and reverb in the ductwork up above, the exposed pipes, surely enough of a beacon to attract anyone interested in his whereabouts. 
At the first intersection, he careens to a sudden halt into one wall, checking himself. An idea has suddenly overwhelmed all else. Looking back at the so called conference room, no one has emerged, but even so, he doesn’t wish to drift past it, or for that matter anywhere near its vicinity. If he doesn’t head back into that storage area, however, he knows it will gnaw at him a lifetime. Eldorado thus fulfills both by heading along this intersection and then back down the next, until he reaches a locked gate. Unsure how that old Hollywood chestnut about blasting a lock off with your pistol actually plays out in real life, Eldorado fortunately doesn’t have to ponder this scenario too long or test it out firsthand. He spies an awl lying nearby, against some boxes, and the lock as well as the chain it’s attached to are somewhat rusted and weak, and this becomes a simple matter of brute force having its way.
“Hello? Hey! Psst! Where the fuck you at?” he whispers, creeping along the aisles, his voice and his footsteps both comically light – considering the calamity preceding this moment – and completely appropriate. And then suddenly she is standing before him, having popped out from behind some boxes directly in his path.
She is wearing the standard issue green jump suit herself, he sees now, along with the aforementioned matching cap. She stands with a crooked smile on her face for a moment, saying nothing herself. And all Eldorado knows is that is she ducks her head into her chest and starts making those weird burping notions herself, he’s out of here. Instead, she shakes her head.
“I can’t believe you dumbasses even tried this,” she says, though beaming, which is the only real indication Eldorado has that this chick is no threat. Well, that and the way she’d gone diving out of sight when Collins made his appearance.
“Huh?”
“Never mind,” she tells him, grabbing his hand and turning toward the recesses of this storage area, “come on, let’s-
“I’m Eldorado.”
“I know who you are,” she says, turning back to face him, “come on, let’s find a better spot to talk.”
This auburn haired sprite who’d materialized from nowhere is suddenly the center of his universe. Maybe she’s full of shit, maybe she knows nothing – maybe this is an elaborate trap, even – but he hasn’t gotten this far without impeccable instincts. Something tells him he can trust this chick, and that this chick has answers. They eventually arrive at what can only be termed the deepest, darkest corner of this hold, lit only indirectly by a hanging bulb some distance away. Backs against boxes, they have a seat side by side on the cold concrete floor.
“I mean, in hindsight it does seem a little reckless,” Eldorado says in delayed response, “but we didn’t know what else to do. It appeared to make sense at the time.”
“Understandable,” she nods, then begins laughing in a melodic though spritelike fashion as she adds, “it’s just that you guys picked some totally random ass mission to stake out. And not even a particularly important one.”
“So what are you doing here, then? If you know so much.”
“Fair enough. I’m only here by accident, to answer your first question, and regarding your second, I do know so much, thank you, because a person traveling alone under these circumstances can find out so much more than a group of people can. So much more.”
“Okay then, gimme some answers. I’m assuming the majority of the soldiers or whatever must spend their time up top, working on some special project? Cause I ain’t seen a great deal of them ever since I went into hiding.”
She regards him coolly and says, “you haven’t seen them because they are no longer on this boat.”
“You mean…they were let off somewhere while we were docking? But I don’t remember stopping anywhere…”
“Maybe it’s best if I just show you,” she says, “where did you say you’ve been hiding?”
“Ah……,” he grunts, and wrestles what seems an eternity with giving up what seems at times his last remaining possession, the secret and the location he’s called home these past few weeks, “in some ducts above the men’s room over there, just past that room Collins steered me into.”
“Okay, take me there,” she says, and by now they are standing, by now Eldorado is leading the way. Under the breath, she scoffs, “Collins. I would’ve taken him out myself a long time ago, except I’m pretty sure someone would notice.”
Once they reach the spot and leads her through his usual rituals – into the closet, up the shelves, into the warm though somewhat flimsy tunnel – she urges him onward, whispering directions whenever they reach a fork in the road. Eldorado has explored none of this, he wouldn’t have the first clue without her. With every banging elbow or knee or wrist she reminds him to tread lightly, that this ship might be deserted but it is by no means empty, and somehow, through all of this, they have gone from the fifth deck to the sixth, they have reached a grate above a giant room, where heat radiates and within eyesight alone Eldorado can spot four soldiers, machine guns strapped to their chests, in the space below. Two are just pacing around, seemingly without aim, for the room is nearly free of clutter. The other two stand at the bottom of a slanted conveyor belt feeding into some giant machine, except the belt isn’t motorized, it relies on gravity and the weight of the objects upon its greased wheels to move things along. Which means there is virtually no discernible forward motion at all, as the latter two soldiers cannot feed the product into the machine fast enough: human bodies, all of them in uniform, with some kind of plastic pouch clipped to their chests.
“What the…and why?!” Eldorado whisper-shouts.
“Shhh! They will blast us out of here in a heartbeat, buddy. I don’t know, to answer your question. There must be some selection progress at work, though, I just haven’t figured it out. Some walk freely, I mean, even you escaped unscathed an hour ago. So your guess is as good as mine.”
“A freaking meat grinder?! What is that thing?” Eldorado fires back, disgust a grisly spectacle disfiguring his face. 
“Incinerator. Their ashes are being blown out to sea.”
“That doesn’t make any sense, though. How you convince half the soldiers to take out the other half, and then half of what’s left to take out the other half, and on down the line? Without a mutiny on your ass?”
“Come on, let’s get out here,” she says, and crawls away in the lead, “study your history, man, it happens all the time. You got a charismatic enough leader, anything’s possible. You convince a bunch of your men they’re among the inner circle, and then some others they’re the inner-inner circle, and then still others they’re the inner-inner-inner circle. On down the line, as you say.”
“What was that pinned to their chests?” Eldorado asks, trailing behind her.
“Their lives.”
Following still this bedeviling chick, too confused and fascinated by equal turns to do anything else, Eldorado winds up dropping down into some janitor’s nook still one level further down, right on her heels. He is impressed with her knowledge of the ship and has a million questions to ask, so many that he doesn’t know where to begin and mostly just trips over his words. According to her, this is technically known as G Level. She rarely ventures about F, and it was a miracle that he stumbled onto her wandering through the storage recesses of E.
“I’ve shown you all I can,” she says, “from this point on, I think it’s best if we don’t…”
“But why can’t we-
“Look, it’s for your protection as well as mine. I mean, if our paths cross our paths cross but…,” she says and then, her eyes lighting upon the walkie talkie protruding ever so slightly from his pants pocket, abruptly reaches for it. “Hey, why does this look familiar?”
“It’s a modified, uh,” Eldorado chuckles, “Beef Manor drive thru speaker.”
Without warning, she launches it against the nearest wall, where it shatters into a million inconsequential shards. “Well, it was, anyway,” she tells him, “see ya.”
Eldorado is too stunned to move for a moment as she turns on her heels and exits. He eventually makes it to the door, peering down a hall she has already almost disappeared from sight down. Understanding that pursuit would be futile, he moves in the opposite direction. 



Scott sits fiddling with a bundle of wires, bells, and other small metallic pieces on the floor of the van’s back end. They are riding in the one van devoid of canines, he and Donna, along with Randy and an unnamed sidekick doing the driving. Despite the role she played in grooming these animals for what could prove everyone’s final mission, her desire to badger Randy for all he knew about Logan overrode tending to those dogs. Those wheels were in motion, regardless, there was very little else to do with those creatures at this point.
“Speed limits enforced by aircraft,” Randy snickers, reading a common road sign as they pass it.
“Right,” Donna says. She is sitting crosslegged in a pistachio colored sun dress with repetitive bunches of tiny purple berries conjoined with anonymous white flowers, “what would a future historian think about that?”
“Yeah,” the driver chortles, “like there were Blue Angels flying around all the time, picking speeders off with missiles.”
Scott chuckles darkly but does not participate in the conversation. He does wonder, for the first time, why it is they haven’t seen any planes since this began, at least not that he can recall. But he’s too consumed by the task at hand to follow that mental thread any further, and instead turns his attention inward. At the same hobby store where he’d picked up many of these other supplies, he had purchased a few wooden boxes. The others, though apparently appreciative of his electronics knowledge, ask him no questions – even Donna, alone in actually knowing the nature of his project, leaves him alone to his task. He sets aside his first completed box and begins work on a second, a third.
 With this as the lead vehicle, the two men up front perform an admirable job in steering this convoy first through every postage stamp sized hamlet of southern Virginia, then through the sizeable heart of North Carolina. Then again, with every interstate they come across now completely blocked, options are limited, and a great deal of trial and error in their original trip north to get Donna and Scott and the dogs had surely etched the correct route firmly upon their minds.
They drift into another paragon of clever naming, Creekstone, home to Creekstone Community College, nestled above the banks of the Creekstone River. Just when one believes that a tiny town like this has no capacity to surprise, however, one encounters such oddities as the piggy statues. They speculate that at one time in the not so distant past, this charming village must have been known for serving barbecue as a side dish to its world renowned educational opportunities. On virtually every block, they discover one of these pigs. A pig swinging a golf club, a pig in a recliner. A pig playing tennis, a pig operating a bandsaw. Some of these porcelain swine are a natural healthy pink, or brown, or black, while others are painted a psychedelic tie dye, rustic patchwork quilt, or outlandish neon color. Yet all jokes crash to an inglorious finish when in their slow crawl through town, a voice familiar to Donna and Scott comes loud and clear via megaphone, curdling their blood.
“70% of the jobs in the country were automobile related. The single car driver must be eliminated. The entire system must be overhauled. Endless road construction that never ends because it cannot, because of the revenue stream they so badly need. Invisible hands controlling our gasoline prices.”
“See what I was sayin?” Randy offers, peering back at them “this dude makes a lot of sense.”
“Let me tell you one more time,” Donna seethes, slowly, through clenched teeth, “we have already had a run in with this motherfucker! He wiped out an entire fucking town!”
Randy shakes his head but otherwise appears to completely tune her out. Staring wistfully out the windshield now, he sighs, “we’re gonna have a one on one with this cat, find out what he’s all about…I like what I hear…”
As their van follows the sound of Logan’s voice, Donna stands and peers out the back windows. The rhythmic procession of wheels behind them, all likely headed toward the same inevitable fates. Well, she has long since dropped any pretense of playing den mother for their extended family – she isn’t sure who holds that title now; in reality, probably no one, if ever anyone did – and if these idiots want to run off with that lunatic at the podium, or if any of the others in the vans behind them are similarly inclined, so be it. Her concern is with the attack dogs. Specifically, that they are properly corralled both for their own safety and that of the innocent oblivious gathered on the square. A much more distant concern at the moment, too, though still lurking somewhere in the back of her mind – surprisingly distant, given the amount of time she’d invested in this – is the whole notion of the mission, delivering these dogs to Steve so that they can get on with this.
“The entire infrastructure was doomed to collapse. You cannot forever sustain a government whose right answer for every situation is how can we generate the most profit. There are boundaries to how much taxation the people can bear, or, regardless of revenue influx, how many successful programs a governing body can shoulder.”
One by one they have pulled into curbside spots near the square, about a block away from where Logan’s holding court but within sight of it. Exiting their own van for a stretch, the four of them occupy various points of the sidewalk and street, await being joined by the others.
“Well, it’s flimsy evidence maybe but I still agree with my original assessment,” Donna says, “based on the kind of crap he talks about, he’s probably not working for them,  at least.”
“I don’t care,” Scott notes, withdrawing a pistol from a duffel bag slung into a corner of the van’s floor. Peering over the top of his prescription shaded glasses, he studies the gun intently for a moment, unclicks the safety, “that fuckhead is gonna DIE.”
Without warning, Randy’s combat boots click off the distance between them, he has climbed right into Scott and Donna’s faces. “Listen here! Nobody is touching that guy!” he flings a violent arm behind his shoulder, and to the left, to indicate Logan, “you see how many followers he has? This man could be a powerful ally! A powerful ally!”
“Randy! Have you not been listening to anything we said!?” Donna protests, “that man is a psychopath! He’s already poisoned at least one entire town, he…”
But Randy is having none of it, he jabs an angry finger at them and charges, “either one of you come anywhere near that dude, I’ll take you out myself!”
Scott says nothing, merely peers over the top of his glasses now down at their current antagonist. Donna admires his calm in these situations – hell, in every situation – but it’s always a struggle for her to bite her tongue. With a frustrated sigh and some furious shakes of the head, she spins on her sandaled heels and storms off, flinging her arms in her air as if to say, “what the fuck!?” Marches off to converse with the others, and to caution them about keeping the dogs in check.


It always amuses Scott how people automatically connect what you are talking about at any given moment with how what you are doing at that moment, making only the most obvious link. He never had any intention of taking out Logan by gun, he was merely arming himself for protection after the fact. Scott’s aware he is a bad shot, and moreover, assumes – correctly, as it turns out – that by this point Logan will have security traveling in his wake. In this case there are at least four such figures, two of them facing forward and leaning against trees, arms crossed, within twenty feet one each side of the podium where this disgraced professor is speaking. Two others facing backward and actively pacing around, surveying the scene at all times. 
Following Randy’s flipout, Scott had wandered off in the other direction and found a tiny college bookstore just a couple streets over. Chosen essentially at random, a text in the nonfiction section titled Protestantism and Capitalism: Weber Decoded seemed fitting enough, and its dimensions, when held up for comparison, matched almost perfectly. His next step was to play barista and then sit down at a tiny wrought iron table for two in front of an abandoned coffee shop, with his smoldering brew and his project. Extracting glue and a knife from his duffel bag, he fits the two covers and the spine over one of his wooden boxes. Had he been thinking more clearly initially, he would have merely hollowed out a book, but this thought had slowly fleshed itself out during the course of their ride here. Modified slightly, too, in light of Randy’s threats, but he had a solution for that as well. As such, however, there was very little he could do to make the other exposed edges look like pages, and would have to come off all the more fluid and believable as a result.
Given what happened back in Sparksville, Scott’s leery of letting this congregation break for any sort of meal. But at one juncture Logan mentions taking a quick break and returning to lecture, during which time, blessedly, a large chunk of the listening body wanders off. Donna, half terrified now of Randy, half confident in Scott’s assertions that he would handle the problem, is stretched out in a grassy pocket park with some of the others in their party. Now that some of the dispersed audience approaches, she stands at attention, though, chatting them up, attempting to sway them if not to this cause then at least away from the demented doctor’s. Randy, apparently unconcerned with appearances, half naps at the wheel of their van, the nose of his machine gun resting on the open windowsill. Scott also takes advantage of this lull to crawl under the van and rest for a moment, before all manner of hell is inevitably unleashed.
When he hears the professor speaking again, Scott awakens from his light catnap and quietly slides out from underneath the van. He is fairly certain that Randy is still sleeping, too, but cannot slow down even long enough to sneak a look back, he is a single minded beeline straight toward that podium.
At the moment that Logan first becomes aware of his presence, Scott has just worked himself completely through and out the front end of a crowd that kept its respectful distance from this man commandeering the microphone. Ever unflappable, the professor allows only one startled glance and an almost imperceptible hiccup in his rambling speech. The men on either side of him shift their weight from resting against a tree into action mode, gripping the butt of their guns for a second. But when Scott flashes a grin and holds up the book, he is able to march all the way up to the podium and place it there. He pats it a couple of time and walks off to the right, offering another grin and a thumbs up back at the doctor. The thug at the nearest tree is unreadable behind his own mirrored shades and wooden expression, but his face is turned toward Scott, mapping his every move, and he knows that with the slightest hint of distress there might be serious trouble.
But his timing is nearly impeccable. Nearly, yet not quite – in retrospect, perhaps as much as one second’s delay makes all the difference in the world. Remote control in hand, Scott turns to watch events unfold as he presses the button. And in the time it takes for him to enact these two slight motions, he sees Logan pick up and examine the bogus tome, set it down and take off in horrified sprint back toward the nearest campus building. Scott cannot mash the button fast enough, but knows it is probably too late. The bomb explodes to life with enough force to engulf at least one of the armed henchmen completely in flames, and he will have to live with this result.
That and the second, improvised prong of attack. Moments later he presses the other remote, and the bomb underneath Randy’s van blows that vehicle sky high. To hell with that idiot. Chaos overrules all else in the ensuing melee, naturally, affording Scott and Donna and whoever else is still with them the perfect window for escape.




Scott James




He didn’t even want to work at the damn carpet cleaning place. But his folks had been nagging for quite some time, and as he was sometimes living with them, sometimes living with Michelle in her parents’ basement – they too were always mystified by his antics – and was doing nothing steady to support himself nor contribute much in the way of rent, he thought he would give it a shot. An ad for Marty’s Carpets opened the door, for he was always hiring, and Scott was in.
No one would ever deny focus was a problem for Scott, certainly not Scott himself. James would up and quit longstanding, well paying jobs on bizarre whims, but Scott’s employment issue was always a bit more murky. His employment status seemed forever tenuous. He would waver back and forth from full time to part time; most coworkers when asked would probably be unable to answer with conviction at any given moment whether Scott was on the schedule there at all. He would keep three, four, five half assed gigs going at once, he would have jobs that might crop up one Saturday a month.
Of course, you could trace the antecedents back to his considerably strange childhood. Anything could be made to connect back to the puzzle of childhood, strange or otherwise. Anything could be explained away, anything rationalized. Yet he and Tracy had both suffered the same strange upbringing, and had emerged from the proverbial cocoon with wildly different issues to contend with, meaning randomness played a role. This was about the only theory he could come up with, anyway.
One scenario begat another begat another. Kind of like that passage in the Old Testament that they found so interesting, for whatever reason, as kids, that family tree of weird, lengthy names. He never did really come to grips with why the other students singled him out for ridicule. He fit none of the conventional molds that would suggest him as a target for torment. Again this might imply randomness, but whatever the case, he wasn’t a bookworm, he wasn’t a teacher’s pet. He didn’t dress particularly poorly, he didn’t dress particularly well. Though eventually battered into silence, initially he had been no more or no less talkative than anyone else. He did wear glasses, it was true, but this deficit was seemingly combated by his height. The most unusual aspect of his life by far would have the family religion, but they curiously never touched on this, most likely due to simple ignorance – surely no prime opportunity for needling would have been left unturned. 
With ninth grade comes high school, and he begins lifting weights. On some level however he simply lacks that gene, whatever it is, that would actually compel him to fight back, as he just continues to absorb abuse even in situations where could readily level the playing field. At some point it became obvious, he supposes, to everyone else that he would merely cower in the corner and suffer their fists, he would stand there wordless and blinking accepting their insults. Like vultures sniffing fresh blood they knew he would not put up a straggle, and their numbers increased. 
Even so, he always resented his father for pulling him out halfway through his sophomore year. Pops always pointed to not only the assaults, however – which various authority figures at the school proved incapable of handling – but to Scott’s poor grades, which tended to hover in the D range, math in particular a trouble spot, as well as to the changing “values” of “today’s teen” and the pressuring attending one to fit in. Curiously, this argument never extended to Tracy, who fought so vehemently her own home schooling experiment lasted merely the second half of tenth grade: by junior year, she was back inside the halls of Middlefork West. 
They try everything in the dear lord’s name to get Scott interested in his studies. One spring break they even go as far as paying James to come up and run through multiplication tables, division, simple equations, hoping that the personal approach would work. They try schooling him themselves, they hire a professional to come. Nothing sticks.  He’d finally outgrown a nervous stammer that had plagued his preteen years, an affliction that also somewhat mysteriously failed to surface when he was actually in the act of being beat up, yet remained ripe subject matter for those who were antagonizing him. Yet even without that stammer there lingers a maddening quality to Scott. Even his own parents often fight the urge to smack him, he is sure of it, he can feel it. Stutter or no stutter, he tends to mumble, and this infuriates his father. They also couldn’t grasp how he developed such an early aptitude for taking apart remote control cars or model trains and reassembling the pieces in configurations that he saw fit, yet never quite wrapped his head around a squared plus b squared equals c squared. 
Scott does his best to remain connected to the real world, but it’s not easy, particularly throughout their isolated years out living at Spent Wick. When the folks are acquiescent he catches a ride into the high school football games on Friday night, or to watch the basketball team during leaner winter months. The pool in summer, despite the lake at his ready disposal. He knows these people but no longer has anything to talk about with them, however, which only served to fuel his sense of disconnect. Aside from the few stray characters he finds to chum around with in his own neighborhood – none of whom are exactly all-star caliber – his only other peer group remains the former classmates with which he shares nothing in common, except that for the years they’d gone to the same church. But if they hadn’t formed lasting friendships by this point it probably wasn’t going to happen now, and it does not.
On the camaraderie front, this really leaves only James. At least while they were still in school, his visits were somewhat predictable. The parents would conduct back and forth phone conferences, endless discussion would transpire, it had the air of a trade summit being proposed between foreign dignitaries. Nine times out of ten, for whatever reason, this would involve a drop off at Lake Spent Wick with James as the cargo (his parents might stay for dinner, though usually not, given Dinah James’s dreadful cooking) (apparently Scott’s own clueless mother and father never realized the likelihood of Richard and Rebecca Scott staying for dinner exponentially increased if pizza delivery was proposed), and then his family driving back down to Cincy to drop him James off a number of days later. 
Predictably, his attachment to Michelle stems from her representing the first chick to show him serious interest. Other minor dalliances had surfaced throughout the years, kisses in cars that led nowhere, yet he was eighteen to her seventeen when they were introduced at church and she became his first serious anything. Their parents had been insistent and instrumental in making it happen. She is a dour blonde Christian who insists on dressing almost goth, who rarely smiles and is pretty much always in a bad mood. An otherwise attractive blonde, she vacillates between breaking up with Scott to chase some other jackass around, and getting back together with Scott so she can brood over how ridiculous it is she’s unable to find anyone better – not that her bitterness is ever so plainly stated, but it hangs there forever between them, both equally and completely aware of the tension’s source.
She often summarizes their ridiculous arguments as “modern Christian dilemmas” but Scott is never so sure. To him their shortcomings surely flow outward from the amazing human facility for rationalization. They would be sitting outside a coffee shop, having a nice, normal brunch, and she’d start to go on at length about how she doesn’t approve of such and such couple anymore – longstanding friends of theirs – because they engage in premarital sex. To which Scott might point out that this very morning, the two of them had just engaged in premarital sex, and she would first make some longwinded and roundabout argument that this was different, before getting up and storming off in a huff and quite likely breaking up with him yet again. Or they might get plastered at a party and while hungover the next morning she would scold him for drinking so much, that he had been trying to get intoxicated, while for her it had merely been an unintentional side product of socializing, and again that this was different. Then again, Scott had done plenty of bitching at Tracy throughout the years, most notably during his own sabbaticals from drinking – not that he ever did a whole lot of it – so maybe the intention and the scale of one’s partying did make a difference.
On and on it goes. It doesn’t help matters that his own aloof persona makes him less apt to beg and chase after her than most other guys would, whether he has anyone else lined up not (and he never does). In his corner, however, it surely helps that her parents had always openly contested her attachment to him, on the grounds that he was flaky and stupid and an all around unsuitable match for their precious daughter. This made him and Michelle more of a team, it gave her the rebellious angle she craved.
His stint with Marty’s Carpets is short lived and completely without impact upon his life, except for the unintended consequence that, at twenty three years old, it reveals to him how much he enjoys riding around in cars. 
Mostly he is lumped into accompanying Doris, also known as Grandma. It figures that this would be his lot with the company. She thinks of herself as this sweet but firm old lady, but is really a self righteous bore. He would have bet his first paycheck that the cooking she raved on and on about was equally as dull. She represents for him the old guard of inflexible Christian prudishness, people who really aren’t that holy at all but find in church and the Bible a convenient cover for a general tendency to look down on pretty much everybody. Despite a lifetime of Sundays spend studying it, and though considering himself a generally faithful believer, Scott has his own doubts about much of the alleged gospel. He’s pretty sure the truth lies somewhere in the margin between old school rigidity, the modern open ended philosophical approach, and that always troublesome tendency to rationalize which covers all spectrums like a shroud. A simple discussion about Christmas with Grandma, for instance, which leads to Scott’s measured observation that for centuries it had been celebrated January 5th until the British moved it, this only prompts a rambling rant, beginning with “oh no, buddy,” about changes in the calendar and so on and so forth that might or might not be true, as far as he knows, but in any case surely has nothing to do with the fact that no specific dates for this event are given anywhere in the Bible. All of which makes him sorry he even said anything at all, and underscores the distaste many have for religion in any form: preachy blowhards standing on specifics when none are found even in the source material.
That sinking feeling which accompanies a new job one realizes is totally wrong, it rocks Scott’s gut his very first day at Marty’s Carpets. Days begin at nine a.m. there with a one hour pep talk, moderated by Natalie and starring the owner himself. To the right of where they sit, what is possibly the world’s largest chalkboard is chopped up into a thousand semi-permanent squares, boxes that are rarely redrawn, merely touched up now and again. The numbers within them, however, change on a daily basis, as do - it is disturbingly obvious, even behind the mirrored shades they’ve for whatever reason continued to let him wear - the names above these grids with a nearly matching frequency. This he can tell from the accumulated dust and the way certain images will imprint themselves upon a chalkboard, if let alone long enough, a phenomenon not unlike that of a computer screen.  
“Marty’s been the only game in the tri-county area for eight years, but everyone tells me I’m moving up the ladder, I could get my own in record time. I’ve only been here eight months, and, let me tell you guys, the money’s good!” Natalie gleefully intones from the podium, “so.....fingers crossed!” Followed by a giddy giggle, and a smattering of polite chuckles from the audience.
Upon learning his fate, he tries to conceal his chagrin behind a stupid, game grin. And yes, not long after Marty takes the podium for what is to become his daily pep talk does he instruct Scott - with impressive equanimity, of course - that shades are definitely not part of the company attire. Shields down, Scott is now able to more fully assess his fellow sufferers. Mostly dowdy, hopeless housewives, should-be retirees, and Mexicans. Some of them with even worse poker faces than his, shocked that they’ve thrown in their lot here, to not only clean carpets for seven fifty an hour but also peddle the goddamn cleaners. Worse still, the hours: ten a.m. each weekday morning here for Marty’s relentlessly upbeat spiel, followed by roughly five appointments leading all the way up until the 10 p.m. hour. Saturdays, they put in a mere six hours, and this is supposed to warm their hearts. 
“But hey, if you ever need a half day off in the middle of the week instead, and wanna make up the diff on Saturday ever, we’re cool with that too!” Marty says. 
Scott’s first day he meets a bald, menacing, middle aged man of about 6'6" in front of the town’s pharmacy. Denny Davis, his supervisor. Drizzling like mad and chilly for April, Denny barely grunts a hello, is the least personable person Scott believes he has ever met. And this guy is going to sell them some vacuum cleaners? Even if he does manage to, Scott wonders about his cut. Technically they are independent contractors, meaning that Marty deducts no taxes. If they manage to clean fifteen carpets in a week, they bring home $485, and more than that, naturally, for every sale they manage to bag. Which they don’t, not in the entirety of this miserable twelve hour day running four pit stops around the county. Fortunately, this remains the lone shift he’s saddled with Davis - Marty apparently eventually clues in and leaves him manning the phone lines back at base camp as well - but having to middleman his number shouting every third go round is probably even worse. No probably about it, actually. 
Scott has a strange knack for prompting arguments from people without saying much of anything at all. His first dustup with Grandma transpires not even an hour into their first van ride together, when she’s going on about some brand new General Motors product she and the husband purchased, whose paint washed completely off – even the primer – the first time it rained. Somehow this transforms into a rant about the unionized workers in Detroit making seventy bucks an hour “to weld handles onto the doors,” and in turn a tirade against unionized factory workers in general, of which Scott’s dad is one, as is James’s. When Scott asks with genuine innocent curiosity if Grandma’s husband, whom she’d already mentioned is a shop teacher at Middlefork high school, doesn’t belong to a union himself, she says that this is different, because they make one third of what the organized factory worker does.
“I wouldn’t expect you to understand, honey,” she says to him in what he knows is supposed to be her sweet, endearing, grandmotherly voice, but it comes off condescending as hell.
Scott and Grandma are sent to one such location, way out in Wallis, the most distant northwestern town in the most distant northwestern county of their jurisdiction. One David Martinez, a thoroughbred Mexican, made it three exactly two days of demonstrations and has not been heard from since. Marty has had problems with a number of other Mexicans hailing from the same hamlet - most employ themselves at the nearby, aptly named farm fields of Celerytown - but, owing to its distance, has not yet been able to send anyone to retrieve these units, has simply waited for a week to transpire before pressing charges. Unfortunately, tracking down these mostly illegal aliens to slap them with a court order proves equally tricky. 
Only upon arriving in Wallis do Grandma and Scott figure out why. Communication is always sketchy, even in this era of personal phones, in these relatively hilljack Ohio counties. The address they track down does not exist. A side street just a few blocks north of the would be the main drag, this is an empty lot not big enough to build a house in between two other homes - something there once, it’s apparent, but even if so, we’re talking decades ago. Clearly a clever ruse, this address, employed by a number of these Mexicans. 
Marty’s had his crews so relentlessly pounding the pavement that people seem to have almost come to expect these visits - and to his credit, he has always made good on his word of $1000 given away a month, one name drawn out of a hat at random. Twenty five cards is the same as one demo, and it doesn’t take a genius - or maybe it does, because he’s the only guy out of the current roster of 22 demonstrators who comes up with this approach, and who knows the percentage, if any, of past vacuum peddlers who have - but twenty five cards counts the same,  Marty says, as one demo. In half a day’s time, easy, Scott can knock out a hundred cards. Four half days of this, and he’s there.
They clean carpets at a near mansion in the countryside forty five minutes northeast of town, where Scott is amused to find a stack of Playboys on the coffee table and a short, blonde, middle aged but somewhat stunning housewife that he’s fairly certain is hitting on him. They wind up at some rundown abode, a rental, in the disproportionately large slums of Middlefork, trying to peddle a vacuum to some black chick named Monie who used to work for the company, yanks Scott’s cell phone merrily from his hand when he calls the office, chirps to Natalie and Marty each a good five minutes, buys nothing. Marty sends them to some government subsidized apartment complex, where after negotiating endlessly with the fat, smelly greaseball who lives there and does not have a job, they wave the white flag and call up their boss, who concludes, “yeah, there’s not a whole lot going on there.” They clean another apartment across town where this man’s opposite, a meticulous nerd who has nary a crumb out of place and probably doesn’t need a carpet cleaning any more than Scott needed to take Grandma up on constant offers of dinner, has an itemized list of monthly expenses laying on his otherwise barren kitchen table, and argues with Doris to the point he stammers, “what I’m saying is, that machine has no place here!” Which effectively ends their negotiations. At another, in a cluster of farmland east of town that is derogatorily known as Celeryville, Grandmas curses under her breath after they’re leaving, “I’ve been to this house before. A few times. That woman’s what we call a PDW – professional demo watcher. I’m gonna tell Natalie to blacklist this address.”
As much as he hates being saddled with Grandma, the few times he’s sent off on his own prove disasters. Cleaning the living room of some old man with the memorable but improbable name Fleet Barber, he somehow manages to rip the telephone clean out of the wall while moving a couch. Marty is forced to pay reinstallation expenses. At another, Scott is distressed to learn the kid of approximately eight years old who lets him in is the only current occupant of the house, as the mom never comes home and he spends three hours in hell cleaning around the hovering child and his annoying questions. Marty refuses to pay Scott for his time here. At another, some depressingly alone elderly woman - impressed beyond measure by his demonstration that a person’s mattress is actually the filthiest place in the house – keeps him there well past the allotted appointment hours under the ruse of negotiation, though she has no actual intent of buying a cleaner. In the end he leaves only with a jar of pickles she’d canned from cukes in her garden. 
He gets lost trying to find houses, he blows seemingly surefire sales. At one point an exasperated Natalie tells him, “Scott, you are trying too hard!” He’s pretty confident that this is not his problem, but the fact remains that in all his time working alone, he doesn’t close a single deal. At least with Grandma, he got his twenty five percent of whatever units she moved.
And even so, he despises her. He supposes there was some truth to what his junior high guidance counselor once suggested, during a powwow that began as one sided discussion of his grades, that Scott had a major problem with employee figures. Maybe to some degree, sure, but not completely – he positively adored the pastor at their church, for instance. Yet there was no denying he felt like strangling Grandma every time they stopped for lunch, and she went on and on about buying him something, as though Scott needed her charity, depended upon it, though not once had he taken her up on it, not once, in fact, had he eaten anything at all, he merely sat there smoking cigarettes, saying little if nothing at all. And he wonders what that guidance counselor would have made of Scott’s sudden acts of violence, which began creeping into the picture at this time.
The bombs were never an issue. Though he and James had been clowning around with pipe bombs since their early teens, for instance, these were always instruments of entertainment, and never anything more. He began by taking apart remote control cars to see how they worked, and somehow this escalated into both a thorough understanding of electronic devices, wireless communication and, in time, explosives. No, it’s the news of a brand new Olympic sized indoor pool they’re building at the high school that catches him completely off guard. It alone is the catalyst that triggers his vandalism streak, having no parallel elsewhere.
He was seven years removed from the day his father yanked him, he thought he was over these times. At first he thought it was just one of those wacky rumors which spread with simple minded feverishness through a small town – paradoxically, the fewer the people, the more rampant the rumor – but one afternoon in the parking lot at Jones’s Ice Cream he bumped into Chad Miller, the senior class treasurer, who confirmed it: Principal Jennings and Superintendent Perry had taken the quote unquote class reunion fund, and they had used it to finance this damn pool. The five year reunion was creeping up and there would be a thirty dollar head charge, because there was no money left in the fund.
Why this bothered him so he was still at a loss to say. He supposes that all of those lost winter afternoons out hustling candy bars door to door after being pressured relentlessly by his teachers to do so suddenly came to mind. All for naught, for this damn pool neither he nor any of his former classmates would ever get to use. School spirit, my ass, Scott thought: he had never been welcome there, the sweat of his labor only tangentially so. An afterthought at best, a fraction of a figure above the unappreciative and presumptive signature on the check, commandeering these funds with a sense of righteous entitlement. Fuck that.
He drove around at night for hours brooding over this, for two weeks straight. He would park at the edge of Covey Woods and hike uphill through them to the soccer field behind the high school, beside which the pool had been built. Continually he parked and strode up there, just to stare at the thing, the motley colored brand new brick building housing it. Scott stared and he stared, and then one night on impulse he brought with him a can of spray paint. 
The crude hostilities he plastered all over four sides of that monolithic shed were beside the point. He had been completely unaware of any local newspaper articles dedicated to the construction of this pool, the ribbon cutting ceremony, the handing over of the check to the mayor, and Scott wasn’t paying attention to any of the press his anonymous deeds created, either. Shame played a small part in his distance from these events, but only a small part, and fleeting at that – events and deeds in the plural, for the committed them six or seven times. They would repaint the brick, he would wait a few weeks and deface them all over again. He knew only random dumb luck could lead the lone on duty cop to his trail, and indeed, they never figured out he was responsible. At some point, Scott merely lost interest.
Or maybe this was too simple an explanation. More accurately, at this point the target of his ire shifts. Among his other problems, Scott was always somewhat asthmatic, and with six weeks’s worth of dust being kicked up by all this cleaning of carpets, his condition seemingly migrates from manageable to impossible. He calls off the first day, doesn’t bother the second, and by the third receives a message from Marty that he is no longer an employee, and that if he fails to return his cleaner by five o’clock that it will, he regrets to inform Scott, have to be considered grand theft. An empty threat, as it turns out: Scott has no interest in finding out the street value of an industrial carpet cleaner, nor in using it himself, but if someone were to theorize that the unit went on to rust in the back yard at Michelle’s parents’ house, then that person would be correct.
Suddenly jobless, he lands a gig through his father’s friend working in a warehouse down in Lima, loading and unloading packages for a courier service. Here his love of driving fins its outlet in the forty five minute trek south every morning, the return trip home, his love of driving finds its foil in the repeated denials they make every time he applies for a vacant courier post. They never give a sufficient reason.
Nothing so exposes the sheer stupidity of the average human so much as watching him in his natural habitat, the highway. Everything Scott has ever seen on the evening news has painted this picture of soccer moms in SUVs crazed and red eyed behind the wheel, running people off the road. He himself has nodded along many a time with this assessment, without ever considering it. The only flaw with this theory is, if one does pause and devote serious thought to the matter, nine times out of ten the person riding one’s ass on the interstate is a white male in a pickup truck, usually alone, occasionally accompanied by a single jackass friend. When Scott presents this insight to his father one afternoon, the sovereign Mr. James nods and agrees it had always been as such, and likely forever would. 
On a whim, after landing this warehouse job he springs for the white sports car that would eternally define him. Initially, he couldn’t resist the lure of zipping in and out of lanes, too, the triple lane change, the exit ramp wraparound maneuver. This lasts all of three weeks. At some point, it occurs to him that nothing in this world looks so tremendously silly as a person in a fired up hurry. Somehow the ghetto baller with a sideways Raider cap or jeans halfway down his crack or a comb sticking out of his hair understands this in person, for he couldn’t be bothered to saunter across a room any faster than in a decade and a half’s time. He would be ripping wisecracks that Scott would chuckle and murmur agreement too, making fun of some clueless dork shuffling at warp speed through the same space. Yet put the same wiseass behind a wheel and suddenly he is the goofy idiot, shuffling sideways left at 90 in a 65, zooming up to the next bumper, sideways right, zooming up to the next, all so he could bottom out at the nadir of the next exit ramp, eighth in line for a red light.
The Dumbass Convention, this is what he refers to mile marker 73 as. Or technically, somewhere around mile marker 72, that’s where The Dumbass Convention convenes. He actually says it aloud to himself a lot of the time, followed by a chuckle. Often he delivers this line to himself with some dramatic flair: “Here we goooooooo, the dumbass convention!” Well, so what, it’s not the most original line. But somehow this phrase gets lodged in his head and won’t let go, every day he’s leaving downtown Lima by interstate en route to his home.
The last of downtown Lima’s exits is found at mile marker 68. Traffic moves along at the standard 5-10 MPH above speed limit clip, and there’s plenty of breathing room between the vehicles. Even so, there are four lanes moving northbound, just in case Lima has some sudden burst of industry someday and commuters inexplicably flock here. Yes, traffic breezes along and there’s plenty of breathing room, plenty, that is, until the first sign pops up four miles later, around mile marker 72, announcing that the highway split is coming up, two lanes apiece. 
At which point this sea of tranquility is beset with a flurry of braking, double lane switches, and near - a small percentage of them actual - rear end collisions. As he leaves work the same time every day, Monday through Friday, and as the roads are no more congested any one day of the week than any other, he has to assume it’s the same people driving the same routes at the same times as well. Fellow commuters such as he, nearly all of them with Ohio plates. They have four miles to move at leisure into the correct lane. Scott, admittedly, it took him till his third day before he remembered to shuffle left and then left again within that four mile window. Which took all of, roughly, the distance of a football field to accomplish as soon as he passed the last exit. 
But not these idiots. They have four miles to move at leisure into the correct lane. Yet it would seem that, distracted mostly by cell phone chatter and fucking around with the radio dial - some of them have not even that flimsy clutch to lean on - they have forgotten until they’re right on the damn exit that they need to get over. Every day. Every day every day every day every day. Every day. They have four miles to move at leisure into the correct lane. 
And then you make it slightly past this highway split, the site of this daily, infuriating and theoretically avoidable bottleneck, only to encounter the next wave of stupidity, where the freeway on ramp dumps waves of drivers onto this interstate. Without fail moron after moron, impatient now with the cars who were in the left hand lane, because they pretty much had to be, they were trying to be intelligent and responsible at the point of the split, these drivers dip over into the right hand lane, attempt flying at warp speed up it for all of a whopping quarter mile, then either slamming on the brakes or divebombing back into the left, before encountering the wave of vehicles dumping in from that on ramp. In either case adding substantially to the gridlock for miles and often causing an immediate or chain reaction wreck. This maneuver always reminds Scott of those little sweat bees that fly into the back of your knee on hot summer days, and sting you when you bend.
Scott is actually passed one morning on the exit ramp. Some grey haired buffoon in a Mercedes, tight lipped and deadly serious, leaving no room for debate – they aren’t kind of on the exit ramp, they aren’t jostling for the same space. Scott is fully on the ramp, but apparently the 55 miles an hour dead ahead for the mess of cars waiting for the light to change isn’t fast enough for this fuckhead. He whips out and around Scott with surely no more than a foot’s space to spare between his precious foreign auto and the guard rail, snapping back into line so that they now have flip flopped spaces in just the nick of time. They are now fifth and sixth in line, respectively, waiting for the glowing red timing mechanism dangling above them to change. Scott honks steadily with his right hand and holds his left straight up outside the window, a gesture that intended as half shrug, half attention grabber: what the fuck?
“You have really accomplished something there, sir!” Scott shouts, a line he’d learned from James. Yet no matter how much he honks, the dude never makes eye contact via the mirrors, he stares resolutely forward.
The way these idiots drive, that whole maxim about one car length for every ten mph is left twisting in the wind. Penultimate safety is an absurd impossibility. You try to leave so much as a count of two-Mississippi between yourself and the next guy, and some dipshit is going to come rocketing into that space as the next move in his masterful conquest of the roadway. And so you’re left better off forging a compromise, going ahead and riding right on the tail end of that guy ahead of you, figuring that at least he is a known commodity and therefore somewhat safer than the random jackass who would come sailing into the picture any moment now.
Of course, nothing, but nothing, could compare to the moronic behavior on display in the other extreme, anytime anything out of the ordinary happens – or, in actuality, completely expectable in light of the way these nimrods handle the wheel – and a car is stalled on the road, or there’s a collision, or someone has been pulled over. At these moments it doesn’t even matter what side of the highway features the incident in question, for rubbernecking would have them creeping-crawling regardless. If you parked ten feet away from the incident and stared without blinking for an hour, there would be nothing to see, but somehow these jackasses have to slow down to about 15 miles per during these occasions, desperate for a peep.
His attitude concerning this traffic gridlock changes daily, sometimes waffling even more often than that, multiple occasions along a simple ride. For the most part, with every impatient assdouche that comes sailing up the slow lane at a hundred miles an hour, he roots for a heavy police presence, for some boys in blue to appear and bust every one of them. He actually pumps his fist and cheers at times to see some clown pulled over alongside the road. One afternoon this middle aged golf instructor looking guy in a red convertible is doing the frantic in and out dance from lane to lane, pulling north somewhat ahead of Scott but not tremendously so, certainly not enough to justify the effort and the danger, the negative impact on congestion. He has no sooner gotten out of sight, that Scott rounds a bend and find the Kharmann Ghia or whatever the hell it is off the side of the road with a furious flurry of smoke pouring out of its engine. He laughs as he has never laughs before the rest of the way home, and intermittently for the rest of the night. Yet what does this say about him, really? Finding such delight in someone else’s misfortune based on the idiotic way he drives is possibly just as bad as road rage.
And then there those mornings at the other extreme, the fifteen mph rubberneck parking lot mornings, and he would cruise along and think: why fucking bother? Why were these police bothering at all? Surely they had more pressing concerns that these nimrods with a death wish who, with any luck, would wipe one another out in head on collisions. Remembering something he’d once heard, too, about the maximum fuel efficiently for most vehicles being somewhere around 45 miles an hour, Scott feels the somewhat unfamiliar flash of insight one day while in the zone slinging boxes at work, and he holds onto that thought. He retains a firm grip on it until the next time James shows up, when the two of them sit on the roof outside Scott’s second floor bedroom window and smoke cigarettes with the radio on till the wee hours, as they often do, and work out the math of this particular equation. As James stated it, in his chronic sarcastic tone, of course pulling over people and of course writing tickets had nothing whatsoever to do with generating revenue for the city. But just supposing theoretically it did, then this was a losing proposition. 
Stating that everyone drove 15 MPH to gape in wonder at a pulled over speeder was of course an exaggeration; it was closer in reality to 45 that they slowed down to from their breakneck 80s and 90s, and thus the tickets made no sense from a financial standpoint. Five hundred or a thousand cars, maybe more, crawling past on both sides of the highway to stare. If a thousand cars all spent 8 cents less in tax on gasoline because they were driving slower, that completely washed out an $80 speeding ticket. But of course, again as James would say, of course writing those tickets had nothing to do with generating revenue. Right. They also had nothing to do with chips on shoulders or macho posturing, either. Tickets were only issued in the name of public good.
Though his opinions on Lima’s finest wavered for these reasons, Scott had come up with a few sly moves of his own to balance out the equation. With somewhere in the neighborhood of two hours to mull these things over, round trip, every day, he had plenty of time to think these matters through. The two lane interstate system simply did not work. He felt as though the government realized five minutes after they started this massive project that it was unworkable, spent thirty years laying it down anyway, and then immediately started over. The problem with the two lane is it’s too stop-starty, as your options basically range from hauling upwards of 85 in the left lane, or being stuck behind some grandma bumbling along at 25 in the right. Other oversights abound – his favorite is the cloverleaf setup whereby two interstates intersect, and you have an exit ramp pouring into the one, on the right, and then you immediately cross underneath the other major highway about one car length later, and then another car length beyond that, also on the right, you have an exit ramp leaving this one, dumping into the thoroughfare above. This was an awesome and brilliant setup, it could bottleneck traffic for ten miles during rush hour. And he has to wonder who appointed the genius that came up with these ideas, because in his lifetime he’d only tried drugs a handful of times, and they had messed him up pretty good, but he was pretty sure that even during those occasions he would have recognized this as a horrible idea. He certainly wouldn’t have paid anyone millions of dollars to come up with it, or enact it.
Studies had repeatedly shown that lane changes caused traffic jams, they weren’t solutions to them. Fortunately, most thinking republics had gotten around to installing a third lane at the very least, yet if these were zones were highly populated with off and/or on ramps, the impact was negligible. Problem was that the over aggro white males in pickup trucks had ridden enough bumpers to brainwash people into always drifting over into the right hand lane. Except that all of these people were trying to get onto the highway, via an on ramp pouring into that right lane, for work, which meant everyone that was already on the highway either had to slow down or trying squeezing back into the left. If everyone simply remained in the left hand lane and ignored the assclown behind them, the traffic in the morning wouldn’t have been that bad. But of course, the first instant an opening was created, jerkoff in pickup would veer around to the right and fly up to the first bumper he encountered there, followed by a whole army of similarly inclined rocket scientists, and the jam was created anew. 
Instead of flipping people off, he prefers clapping like a retarded seal, and making mock excited faces. This often has a far greater impact than the overplayed bird. Scott’s favorite driving mannerism to observe, though, is when there’s a slow moving semi, say, in the right lane, and then a long caravan of maybe a dozen cars in the left, and they’re all traveling maybe ten or fifteen miles faster, as they make their way around it. But then some dude comes sailing along at warp speed behind them, and at this point, he wants to continually employ the Lookaround Maneuver, which is Scott’s name for the act of swerving left and right while in the same lane, so the person ahead of you can see just how impatient you are. Yeah, as if those ten cars were going to instantly find themselves transported into a magical new dimension opening up at that moment in the time-space continuum, a brand new lane, thereby allowing you, the tailgating jackass, free passage. Good luck with that one. Even if you wanted to get out of this fucktard’s way, there is, clearly, the problem of a fucking semi truck right beside you, there is nothing to do but ride this out and then pass. Of course, it goes without saying that the impatient assface behind you, he of the patented Lookaround Maneuver, he is not moving out of the way for anyone behind him, because he is traveling at the Most Unquestionably Perfect Speed. Nobody else understands what he is doing, but rest assured, it is perfect. If only everyone would just get out of his way, they would see.
The only sane approach to combating road rage, aside from drinking heavily during the ride home, was to create your own clever solutions. Scott had just a pair of these devised, one for the two lane setup and one for the three, but they were just enough to allow him to feel proactive, to engage his mind and provide an outlet. And who knows, maybe he was really saving lives – not that this was ever the point.
In the two lane variation, he enjoys finding spots where he can cruise along at a steady speed limit type pace, maybe slightly faster, in the right hand lane. At this moment, some unfortunate dimwit (for Scott finds considerable truth and therefore humor in George Carlin’s observations about the mental state of drivers, that everyone moving faster than you is automatically insane and everyone moving slower a nimrod) might just happen to be traveling about the same in the left hand lane. A pile of cars will build up behind both of them, but this is not Scott’s problem. He is doing nothing wrong. He is technically driving above the speed limit in the quote unquote slow lane. If he happens to maintain pretty much the same speed as the car beside him for miles on end, then that is a sad and remarkable coincidence. To hell with these buffoons in his rearview.
As for the three lane interstate, the trick here lies in boxing people in to the right. Scott prefers zipping along in this scenario, again slightly above the speed limit, in the center lane. Again he is doing nothing wrong here. And when one of those bebopping goobers, impatient with the flow of traffic in the left hand lane, thinks he is going to make a double lane sideways zip to the right, pass Scott, and then a double lane sideways zip left into the lead, then that individual is sadly mistaken. In this spot Scott will press the accelerator as hard as he has to, in order to keep that dude stuck in the right hand lane until he gets wedged behind another vehicle in the right hand lane. Scott, in the middle, will then maintain a speed just ever so slightly slower than that vehicle in the right hand lane, effectively boxing Speedy McJackass in. Ideally, a number of cars will build up behind Scott in the center lane, at which point he can mash the pedal and really piss the speed demon off, left behind some box truck or whatever in the right hand lane a half mile distant.
Still, the pressure of trying to make it to work on time day after day, despite the commute, it weighs on him. That and he supposes in retrospect that he might have been coming unglued anyway. The ups and downs with Michelle have gotten no better, his parents are constantly battling Tracy over her decidedly pagan ways, he possesses significant doubts about his own beliefs at this juncture. 
Favoring mirrored aviator shades, a short sleeved collared shirt with random paint splatters and a close cropped hairstyle with near skinhead severity, Scott is well known around town in all the wrong ways, mainly ill timed tirades which would prove far more menacing if they weren’t so bizarre and comical. Most of the dealing with protecting the honor of his younger sister, who can’t seem to steer clear from a series of poorly chosen older men. Yet the occasion during which he really blows his top doesn’t take place in Middlefork, and involves not a single familial concern.
By now, Scott has somehow gotten involved in the cabinet making business on the side, usually just a Saturday or two a month. He had no formal training, but word slipped out around town somehow that he was somewhat handy with these things – then again, in elementary, he gained a reputation for being a “good artist” merely by tracing in pencil pictures sports cars from magazines onto graph paper. This wasn’t a fraud perpetuated by Scott, either, as it was well known he traced these images – and a somewhat dubious character named Keith Olson had called him up out of the blue, inquiring about his availability. Rumor had it Keith was somewhat of a noteworthy figure in the Middlefork drug trade as well, but Scott didn’t know anything about this. He merely took Olson’s apparent success at face value, and indeed, these pieces did seem to be in demand, his handcrafted furniture was well done to the extent that a high price tag was no detriment to movement.
The night that will define Scott’s meltdown transpires at a nightclub in Lima’s otherwise downtrodden downtown. Yet another in a whole slew of grimy industrial Ohio cities that had long since seen better days, boarded up buildings and barbed wire predominate, offices that were fairly industrious during the weekday giving way to an absolute dearth of traffic at night. And yet The Russian Regime thrives somehow, that and one upscale Italian restaurant, a fairly well respected craft brewery micropub, these the only signs of life dotting this grid of numbered, one way streets after the sun goes down. The Russian Regime is unique in that its name is somewhat clever, if nonsensical; it also happens to be the site of a going away party for Walter, a courier of eighteen years. 
Scott was not technically invited. In fact, it had not been mentioned to him at all. Talk about this gathering was merely been bandied around the workplace among the in crowd with such regularity and including such a plethora of bodies, however, that he became certain he could just show up. And just show up he does, creeping in about an hour after word had it everyone else would be here, even if it means four go arounds in the Cracker Jack box of a parking lot before a space opens for him. 
Once inside, his colleagues aren’t exactly frosty to him, nor are they especially chatty. There were some nods, a little bit of conversation. Most of his interaction does seem to involve shoehorning into the fringes of a circle as some elaborate story is being told, listening and laughing in appropriate measure at the end, though then again, this is standard behavior at these clubs, with their ear shattering jams and all. Even so, it becomes readily apparent in short order that pretty much everyone could take or leave Scott’s presence here. Shots are slugged down at the other end of the bar groups of four or five that do not include him. Back slaps and meaningful quotes are delivered. Maybe nobody is going to beat him up on this particular occasion, but it’s otherwise high school all over again.
Another sighting kicks his anger into overdrive. They were another team that always traveled as a trio back during the carpet cleaning days, somehow – or, rather, he supposed they were still traveling as a trio, that they were still cleaning carpets – but the unexpected sight of Glen, Charlotte, and Dino here amps him up for reasons he can’t possibly explain. Everything else, the missing camaraderie, the promotion he would never be considered for, that all makes sense. And he supposes on some level, as he makes lap after lap in this club with a drink in his hand, that spotting this other miniature clan, who take it one level further in their ability to look right through him, to have no clue that they worked with Scott, briefly, just a few months prior, that this is legitimate emotion, his hurt at the lack of recognition. It only reinforces his distance, a fresh angle on an old complaint.
Glen, with his shaggy salt and pepper mop top and broomhandle moustache, channels 1980s janitor chic as he leaned against one of those small, tall round tables, eyeing the nearby dance floor with considerable amusement as he slugs his cheap draft beer. Scott manages eye contact in passing, and even nods, but Glen meets his glance with utter vapidity, he clearly does not recognize Scott at all. He soon turns his attention back to the floor, or rather the improvised extension of it, a section of floor that has been cleared of tables to facilitate an overflow of gyrating bodies. Just past Glen, Scott stops and spins around, he finds his own resting point to appraise the action.
So icy, such a prim and proper bitch at 10am, Charlotte is now out dirty dancing with the third member of their troop, a well groomed and admittedly quite hilarious African-American man named Dino. He with the shaven and polished bald head and immaculate modern urban threads, she with the raven black hair, waxy complexion, and somewhat stunning figure either redeeming or compromised by – depending upon one’s point of view – a sour and rather unremarkable countenance. They have their pelvises locked in this gyration, as Dino shuffles upright, Charlotte leaning back as far as gravity will allow. In a black skirt and black hose and black heels, a button up purple blouse, she is wearing an actual complete ensemble Scott remembers seeing in their morning meetings, and right now she is such a state of rapturous ecstasy brought on either by Dino or the music or the drink, or some combination of the three, that her eyes are rolled back in her head.
Scott sets his cocktail down unfinished. On and off again status or otherwise, Scott has his own girlfriend, he never made any advances toward Charlotte – indeed, he’d never really thought about her at all – so it isn’t as though he is being rebuffed in any form. It’s the weight of this entire scene. The promotion he would never even receive an interview for, this band of fucking ass slapping buddies. Out in the parking lot, the dense congregation of cars, the darkness of a deserted downtown, and the complete distracted intoxication of most everyone coming and going from the club, these are all his allies. He extracts a box cutter from his car and slashes jagged ridges into all four tires of Walter’s company van, and then for good measure – recalling the putrid candy apple red sports car with the plates that read Char Gal, which her parents were paying for anyway, insurance included – Scott punctures one of her turbo action radials too. And then a bouncer yelling at someone else just outside the side door jars him into making his own exit, and he is out of there.
 He knows they will likely never even recall his having been there, any of them, much less connect him with either of this seemingly unrelated happenings. And anyway it isn’t as if the police waste much effort investigating events anywhere on this side of assassinating the mayor – if leads fell into their lap, great, but you didn’t waste resources dusting for fingerprints and interviewing witnesses for random acts such as this. 
Spooked nonetheless, or maybe just disheartened, disinterested, Scott ventures into the foreman’s office a few weeks later and explains he would like to drop down to working two days a week. Shortly thereafter, he pulls a James and just sort of stops showing up. By then in all fairness and honesty this furniture crafting business was blowing up, and his work was in equal if not greater demand than Keith’s, and Scott had more money than he knew what do with. Unfortunately, all is not rosy, as things seldom are – his financial situation looking up, his love life has taken a U-turn for the worse. A month gone by since Michelle’s last breakup with him, and she isn’t returning his calls, both well beyond the range of prior episodes. She even falls off the grid at church.
When his employer is packed away to prison on some mysterious drug rap, Scott tries to keep himself afloat through word of mouth alone, hoping his employer’s old contacts will pull down Scott’s name and number from the ether - his coordinates unlisted, but still, he believes this has at least a marginal chance of succeeding - but even an unfortunate detour into crashing in his parents’ basement again hasn’t much mitigated this nagging stack of bills, or rather one significant bill, that of the two door late model white sports car he could not seem to live without. He and Michelle patch things up for about three weeks, then she abruptly pulls the plug again during some rambling phone diatribe. She wants to date some banker she has met, a man her parents have introduced her to. He’s the loan officer for Middlefork National’s downtown branch, and they take off together just two days later for a weekend retreat to the Poconos. Right around this time, too, Tracy has come up missing, and everyone is frantic with concern. 
  Scott completely loses his marbles at this juncture. One afternoon he drives over to Michelle’s parents’ house and throws every piece of woodwork he has in their garage out into the yard, he takes an axe to nearly all of them. Through the picture window he can see Michelle’s mom pacing around the living room, phone in hand, and he knows that she is talking to the police. He jumps in his car and tears out of there, never to return, until that day weeks later when he brings James around, looking for Michelle.
In retrospect, it was probably in Scott’s best interests if no one else’s that the world as they knew it fell apart right about then, and people went missing left and right.



“I don’t agree with the renaming,” Donna is saying to the roomful, sipping on merely a canned soft drink at the table in the corner, “these places all meant something to someone, there’s a history there.”
“I don’t know…Nick, South Carolina…it has a certain majesty to it…,” the namesake jokes, though technically not central to this conversation.
“So we should revert back to the Native American names for everything, then, right?” Jennifer argues, “I mean they had names for all these places, too, they all had histories…”
“Yeah, but it was…I don’t know, I still just disagree with it,” Donna says.
“It was a different kind of history, that’s what you started to say, right?” Jennifer challenges, “as in a non white one?”
“Look, all I mean is, two wrongs don’t…things happened, and we ended up in control here, but it’s been so long I think you have to just leave it.”
“Let me ask you something,” Steve interjects, from his usual podium of pacing around the middle of the room. Jennifer, by contrast, is normally content just to stand still at stage center, “you’re on a picnic with some friends and suddenly you get ambushed…”
“That’s not what happened at all!” Jennifer fires back at him, “or at least, not completely.”
“Yeah, well, who set it off? Maybe the explorers set out seeking riches and maybe they didn’t.”
“Actually by the time the Pilgrims came along, they were merely in search of beer,” James notes, from his seat on the floor, back against the wall, “their voyage logs confirm this. They originally intended to sail further south, but they ran out.”
“Thank you for that,” Steve retorts, casting an eye in his direction before returning his focus to Jennifer, “but all I’m saying is, Columbus and that first wave of explorers, whatever, I have no doubt in my mind they set sail with visions of gold and rare gems and willing maidens and fucking fairy plums dancing in their noggins. But I also guarantee you nobody boarded a ship in Spain or wherever in 1492 and said to himself, man, first land we see, I can’t wait to jump off and slash the first strange dude we come across…”
“Beer hasn’t been a problem around here,” Katherine notes.
“Neither has cigarettes,” observes the nameless minion still engrossed by a South Carolinian history of the Revolutionary War, “I’m guessing liquor is what they used in this region to draw people in.”
“Maybe not, but the Native Americans were exploited nonetheless,” Jennifer says in response to Steve, ignoring peripheral chitter chatter. 
“You wanna sing and dance the praises of evolution all day long, heh, baby? Well, there you go. The less advanced species gets preyed upon. Evolution in motion.” 
They are hours away from rolling out from this fleabag motel for the final time, and tensions have swollen to their apex. Inconsolable in the wake of what he perceives as both a failure – his inability to successfully knock off Dr. Logan – and a dubious betrayal – blowing their former ally Randy to smithereens – Scott has taken to walking endless laps around the perimeter. He too is likely dealing with the pressure of possible impending doom in his own peculiar way, as the others all pack and decompress in preparation for battle. Nobody’s saying it, yet everyone knows this could be it for any or all of them. Steve, meanwhile, has allowed everyone exactly one drink. He wants his people sharp, and if he catches them pouring another, he swears he will knock it clean out of their hands.
Plans were slightly altered once he learned that Scott was proficient with the homemade bomb. As Donna attempted to console her man, initially, by pointing out that he was a hero, not a failure, that he’d most likely saved who knew how many lives with his efforts back there, that in fact he was the only person in their crew thus far who could actually claim to have saved any lives at all throughout this ordeal, Steve was nearly speechless with information overload. He showed little to no emotion that a prominent soldier had been annihilated. Yet he couldn’t fathom for the life of him how and why Scott not mentioned this ability before.
“I don’t get you fuckin people,” Steve marveled, shaking his head, “we got a sniper on this side,” he indicates Jennifer, “and a demolitions expert over here. Yet you never say a word. Hmm, whatever, it never occurred to us, Steve. We never thought that might be pertinent information even though we’re in the middle of a goddamn WAR. Unbelievable.”
Scott has dipped into the room again, for a brief moment, in the course of his endless, anxiety plagued marching. He rubs in absent, darting jabs at his chin, tinted eyes cast to the ground, but naturally mentions nothing. James and a couple of the others gauge that this has more to do with second thoughts about Randy than thinking he botched the Logan deal, though to date, even his new bedmate Donna hasn’t found the nerve or the angle to adequately address this topic. These honors are left to Nick who, without a break in his maniacal hammering of the video game control, nor a contraction of his wide open pupils, glances sideways in perplexity at Scott when the latter’s absent wanderings bring him within spitting distance of the chair.
“Fuck it, dude. The guy was an ass, anyway.”
“You have the right to remain violent,” James assures Scott, attempting a weak, forced smile that both know looks incredibly phony. But at least he gains fleeting eye contact before his lifelong friend stomps with a few quick, strident steps right on out the door again.
Nick cackles and says, “yeah, as long as it doesn’t involve me.”
The question of the yipping dogs was a tough one, logistically. Though tempting, too, in the days leading up to the planned attack, they had not stashed any gear nor any vehicles within proximity of the compound. Doing so would have certainly made life easier, but they couldn’t risk being discovered and having their cover blown. They were already somewhat apprehensive with what seemed too easy an operation thus far, the dearth of roadblocks they’d encountered.
In the end it was James who came up with ingenious idea about the glow sticks. Having found a means even through somewhat dense foliage of approaching the fence – one route of trees spaced just far enough apart, making a half loop around the forest and approaching from south-southwest – Steve had committed this as much to memory as humanly possible. He felt reasonably comfortable driving it at night with no headlights, albeit it at a sloth’s crawl. Yet a little guidance was in no way a bad idea. Initially having people stationed with flashlights was proposed, but again, this would surely involve a higher likelihood of being spotted as well as the additional confusion and commotion of folks tromping around in the woods at a critical juncture. Nailing these glow sticks to the back side of the trees seemed to pose almost no risk – they’d already confirmed that the enemy spent no time whatsoever patrolling the ground beyond the fence, they merely needed to avoid drawing attention to themselves as they posted these.
Finally, night approaches, and they can wait no longer. The last bag is loaded and the human cargo directly behind it, as this band of nearly forty moves forward to meet destiny headlong.



Eldorado has not seen the girl in the Fidel Castro hat for days. Spooked by their encounter and the creepy episode with Collins, he’d risked venturing out only for food. At times he almost catches a motion from the proverbial corner of the eye, but a prolonged investigation is out of the question and he’s never convinced it hasn’t merely been an apparition of his overworked imagination. He would hear voices in distant halls, the clang of boots along decks above, but was not about to go around verifying the source.
Clearly, he had to get off of this ship. He hadn’t exactly compiled a whistleblowing compendium of information during his time here, but at least he did learn something, however slight. And then when he realized upon waking one morning from the perpetual light nap that seemed to fill his hours, when he realized that he ship was not moving, he recognized this as his best if not only chance.
He had no way of knowing the ship had reached its terminus. But after this lack of motion carries on for a great while, precipitated as it is by a furious flurry of activity directly before, he counts off another 24 hours without another sound and begins his ascent. And so much time has passed, not to mention that navigating your way through the corridors of this massage ship was quite as simple as one might suppose, that Eldorado gets turned around. He ends up in some engine room at one end of the ship, another with a bunch of pumps idling contentedly now after the long haul. A number of the scenes he encounters reminds him of Titanic reenactments, minus the water – empty bunks, tables set for no one, dust settling on handrails that theoretically should have seen traffic in the recent past. At least half of the quarters he comes across, actually, were not quite empty. They are merely devoid of human presence, have been for some time. In their place instead, especially as he rose to the C and B Decks, are more of those damn giant crates.
Curiosity would of course get the best of him. Though nailed shut and composed of some seriously hardy wood, it’s nothing a hammer or an axe wouldn’t remedy. Unfortunately, he doesn’t exactly have these instruments at his disposal. He also doesn’t wish to make a whole lot of noise so as to draw attention to himself. Remembering a kitchen area he’d passed a short distance back, however, he retreats and locates a cleaver which eventually does the job, by the teamwork effort of prying and sawing one board in the side loose.
What he finds is plastic baggie upon plastic baggie upon plastic baggie, reminiscent of the ones that were clipped to the chests of those shoulders coming down the chute in that scene the girl in the hat led him to. There, the living ones, i.e. those still standing on their feet, had pulled these packets from the soldiers’ chests before feeding them into their final destination of the incinerator. Now, he knows what these are.
Extracting a fistful, Eldorado slices the top one open with his knife and examines the contents. A birth certificate. Photo ID. Social security card, banking information, medical transcripts, school records, pay stubs. Most curious of all, reams upon reams of what appear to be personal photos, completing the documentation of some random, forty-seven year old man named Walter Jennings.
Where is Walter Jennings now? Is he alive or dead, what do the other J surnames heaped hodgepodge into this crate signify? He is running through just the baggies gathered in his hands and finds no other apparent pattern at work here, just the loosely alphabetical one – black, white, male, female. A geographic one of sorts does emerge, as well, once he begins to examine addresses, that this crate is populated exclusively with people from Wisconsin. 
So folks with the last name beginning in J, living in Wisconsin…he still has no clue what this means, but can guess it’s likely not something that neither he nor his colleagues nor most anyone else would consider a positive development. And it’s at this point, somehow, that the all encompassing sweep of their situation becomes apparent to him; it wasn’t as though he hadn’t considered their collective nightmare extensively from all sides, but for whatever reason this is the point, beyond his missing wife and kids, beyond all that they have seen in the past few months, that it all sinks in.
He grabs another fistful of documents and slumps down to sit with his back against the crate, slicing open the packets and sifting through the material in an almost trancelike state. Glancing at his wristwatch much later, however – for this is one of the few things in life that still works exactly the same as it used to, the simple wristwatch, and the time it keeps – he’s astounded to learn he’s killed two and a half hours in this fashion. And he recognizes now that a) it’s probably not safe to continue to sit here, and b) that even if it is, it isn’t exactly productive. So he stands up, and as an afterthought he pockets one unopened packet at random, belong to a rather large and unbecoming woman named Bertha Jankowski (with a chuckle he allows the thought that all women named Bertha are surely unattractive, that it would in fact be a near impossibility to make yourself seem attractive with a name like Bertha, and thus what the hell were the parents thinking) and moves on.
Commotion greets his ears as he nears a grand stairwell leading up to the A Deck, if that was the correct name for it. He is sweating the how-to of a transition up to that level when opportunity beckons in the form of a pinging sound maybe twenty yards away, around the corner in another corridor he hadn’t explored. The elevator. Of course, he had forgotten all about these, as there were apparently only a few sprinkled throughout this entire barge. A jovial, wisecracking cluster of eight emerge with handtrucks, and as he dives for cover into a broom closet of sorts, Eldorado watches them clatter past. A short while later they return, this time pulling one giant crate each. And then they are up the elevator, one at a time now with such enormous cargo in tow.

These men are all wearing the standard hodgepodge of uniform, he can see nothing uniquely identifying about them. Apparently the enemy isn’t concerned with random outsiders pitching in to help, because on the surface this wouldn’t seem to make sense. Except in his particular case it does, and he spends a great deal of time now locating a hand truck. Returning back to that point after securing one, he hides again and watches a few more clusters of soldiers, just to insure there are no patterns he has overlooked. But the numbers are not consistent with these elevator rides – anywhere from two to ten – and every trip seems to bear such a differing combination of faces, many of them brand new to Eldorado’s eyes, the cumulative effect of which convinces him they would not bat a lash at the inclusion of one more, particularly a face some of them have seen before.
Of course this is a huge gamble. For all he knows they might shoot him on sight. But aside from the card table, the one glaring black hole in his life where he’d sunk so much time and money all because his instincts were so consistently dead wrong, he has learned to trust his hunches. His hunches had served him extremely well as a journalist, and had kept him alive to this point. 
So after the next crew of worker drones has come and gone, he quickly races behind them, gathering a crate, zipping along to the elevator and skyward to the blessed open arms of fresh air for the first time in weeks. It had never dawned onto him how much he might have missed such a sensation, and it momentarily overwhelms him. On a much more important note, at least at the moment, just as he has suspected nobody pays him any mind whatsoever. Consumed with their own tasks, which for the most part involve the transitioning of these crates, the arc of awareness for these soldiers is actually very small. 
Eldorado’s afternoon is consumed by these tasks. They bring these crates to the surface, down some ramp and into the loading dock of some warehouse situated at the end of whatever river this is. He makes note of his surroundings without looking like an awestruck tourist, and has no inkling on their location whatsoever. As night closes in, following a respite for an early dinner or a late lunch where he chooses a table at random, blends in and makes lighthearted small talk at ease with his fellow men, they dive back into the task at hand. He has just begun to wonder what the ideal exit strategy might be here, exactly, when that question is abruptly answered for him.
He has wheeled off the ship with another crate and proceeded along the loading dock, down a long aisle of these mammoth wooden boxes arranged just so. There was always some supervisory person on hand pointing where to go with them, there was no thought involved at all for him or any of the other grunts. Some other group of personnel were involved with taking these crates off of the dock and into the building, and Eldorado had observed that these, at least, were uniformly dressed: black jumpsuits with some kind of red triangular insignia on the left breast, name tags and photo ID hanging from the right.
Following directives, he moves down one long row and hooks a left into another. Except then as he peers ahead to the tail end of the line, to his ostensible destination, he spies a familiar face in black jumpsuit and black ball cap, her ponytail dangling out from it and halfway down her back. 
Judith.
She is conferring in animated fashion with two men who have machine guns slung across their chests on straps. Upon seeing Eldorado, she points a finger down the aisle at him, and jaws at these men, who with open mouths and violent eyes turn from Judith to Eldorado to Judith to Eldorado again. And then they take off running in breakneck speed toward him, the two of them, and he understands he has about one second at most to figure out what to do.



Steve’s point that every redneck militia that failed thus far, it just came barging through the gates, they had no plan and therefore doomed themselves, this has some traction. Still, unease roils James’s stomach as they complete the quotidian tasks leading up to this borderline suicidal task. Borderline, hell - quite likely suicidal, really, and yet the potential payout weighed against their risk determines their course. They have to do this.
Forty strong, they are just forty strong, and James still cannot believe they are going through with this. Slouched against a side wall of the van as the mutts lay passively beside him, Nick at the wheel and one of Steve’s nameless hacks riding shotgun, James allows himself a smile: his first great revolutionary act. Well, it it’s about damn time he does something, anyway. 
They will succeed because they have been plodding and methodical. The problem with most people who would have attempted – or indeed did attempt – such a thing is that they possess no patience for the ladder-like progression of events that make up a well laid plan. In the world of those who have failed, chaos reigns supreme, because they could never strategize like a Steve Driscoll, a James Scott, a Jennifer Ladders. Everything just happens on the spur of the moment, everything is left up to fortune. But now, they are parking in an elevated wooded area about a quarter mile away from the compound; now, they are moving forward with this plan with tidy precision. And even so, fortune will comprise a larger percent of their success or demise than anyone is willing to openly admit. The seesaw chain of events that Steve has laid out, they make perfect sense when stated in the plain verse of his logic - now if only they can play out with such clarity. Three groups armed in three different fashions, a ballet of point and counterpoint. 
Steve leads the first wave, on foot. Accompanied by Jennifer and a number of the other better shots, they circle around the southern perimeter of the compound and take their places in trees along the southeast, with night vision scopes and an arsenal of firearms. These rifles and machine guns, they bear these with the holy devotion afforded religious artifacts.
By their watches the next cluster is to wait exactly thirty minutes before acting. In the moments leading up to this, Steve and Jennifer hope to pick off in silence a few stray guards here and there without drawing undo attention. At this point Scott and a handful of others begin the next phase, also on foot, heading to a point at the fence’s northern rim, while at the same time, Donna, James, Nick, and Katherine begin the ducking and weaving their four vans through the last quarter mile of the sparsely treed plateau. 
Well demarcated or not, with their red and green glow sticks for direction – just like boats and aircraft – and pure white arrows pointing out any sudden turns, rolling at night through the forest with one’s headlights removed will find the ceiling of any person’s mettle behind the wheel. Mostly, the drivers take to Nick’s pioneering approach, which is to stick their heads out the window for improved vision. All except James, who, in typical maniacal fashion, remains slouched in his seat. He will defend himself by pointing out only the lead vehicle has anything to worry about, he can quite clearly make out Nick’s back bumper. 
By Steve’s instruction, when they come within eyesight of the building, they are to kill their engines. At eleven thirty on the nose, the real fun will begin.
He has his sharp shooters arranged in a crescent pattern on the far side of the building, in trees, their sights set each on one of the men below. So accustomed to a few stray half assed attacks, if what people remain can be bothered at all, these man have grown lazy. 


This isn’t the way it was all supposed to go down, but Steve has no problem improvising. As he envisioned it, as he outlined it for everyone else, he and Jennifer and the rest of their crew would begin by silently pegging guards with their rifles, as many as they could in the moments leading immediately up to the moment Scott’s bombs went off. At which point the commotion would presumably pull a whole mob of respondents running in that direction, and Steve and his people could then switch to the machine guns and begin sawing men in half from behind. 
The first piece of the puzzle falls into place without a hitch, if inconsequentially. Two soldiers, they manage to pick off all of two soldiers. Then the series of explosions erupts on the other side of the building, and men begin pouring out of the building. All according to plan. A shrill scream of an alarm pierces the night, and again this is not exactly unexpected. But the human reaction to any single event is always predictable only to a certain degree – and in a pack, the blight of so-called herd effect rears its head all the more. Yet whether owing to simple miscalculation in what the focal point will be, or the overwhelming tendency of a mob to follow the lead of the first few people to react, surefire responses often prove everything but.
When Scott’s first bomb goes off, all of the officers run in that direction. Even as Steve and Jennifer and the others, perched high in trees above the compound, begin cutting them down with machine gun fire in the back, the survivors forge forward unaware. But somewhere around the detonation of the third and fourth blast, the men draw up short. And it is at this time the realization of the fallen comrades sinks in, the current shifts. En masse they turned and retreat the way they had came, directly at Steve and Jennifer, guns blazing. 
The guns themselves would have been manageable enough. Except soon enough the flamethrowers begin to make their appearance, and this is where the situation turns ugly.



Scott isn’t really sure about the slingshots. It seems to him a vaguely silly idea. The kind of thing his dad might have proposed at a family picnic, minus the explosives, of course, a suggestion Scott would have rolled his eyes at. Except James was responsible for this novel concept, and as James really had a knack for perfect leftfield concepts at the weirdest times, Scott tended to believe in it. Especially as it was met with enthusiasm from the girls, and a slow, intense nod of approval from Steve: yes. This is the way, my people, the nod implied.
Chuckling to himself as he presses the remotes, this is actually what Scott is thinking during these crucial moments. They had launched a dozen or so blocks of wood over the fence with slingshots, and then they had waited. He has a problem taking things seriously even in the most strident of times, and this would surely qualify as one. Yet he can’t stop making internal wisecracks, the whole situation feels like one big lark to him even though it would certainly qualify as one of life and death. Maybe it’s a coping mechanism. But then again, he has been known to boil over on a moment’s notice, too – witness those frequent red faced shouting matches of the past, locking horns with his parents or his sister, or for that matter the manner in which he’d destroyed all that furniture in Michelle’s front yard. So it isn’t that he’s so mild mannered. He is in fact a man of extremes. Whether his cavalier attitude at the moment is a strength or a deterrent, he supposes, remains to be determined.
The first bombs go off and the soldiers come racing toward them, as expected. Scott and his brethren are such miserable shots, however, that, despite having been issued pistols as a contingency, Steve has advised them to retreat back to the half mile out rendezvous point once this mission is accomplished. Except after mashing the button for charges three and four, the soldiers abruptly draw up short. They essentially stand there watching as their eyebrows are singed off with explosions five and six, and then they without reason make an abrupt one eighty, begin charging in the other direction.
Scott remains focused enough to set off the remainder of the bombs. Otherwise, however, they are so transfixed by the action that they stand right where they are, all of them, committing to memory every visual detail.



Nothing is progressing quite according to plan. Through their night vision binoculars James and Donna watch the scene play out below them and to the north, as the soldiers briefly pop into vision from around the other edge of the building, as they go running from directly in front of where Donna and her crew stand toward that fireball flash. Nick releases the parking brake on the lead van now, the one devoid of dogs, and with a push from a few folks on its bumper it begins its headlong descent toward the fence, puncturing it with loud metallic peal.
This subdivision of armed bodies below them seems too stunned to operate. They stand in between the crashed van and the bombs going off, cringing with every report. On their end, meanwhile, James and the others operate with robotic dedication to their series of tasks, because to stop for one second to examine them might undermine the entire operation with doubt. Even as he’s moving forward – throwing the bloody steaks over the fence, sending in the dogs – James is split by the weird dichotomy, almost like an out of body experience, of having little confidence that what they are doing will work as planned, on one hand, and an unwavering belief that somehow he will skate through all this unscathed nonetheless. That they will succeed somehow, they will find the answers they are seeking.
Throwing Steve’s drawn up strategy to the wind, not to mention common sense, Scott’s squadron begins firing at the soldiers rather than retreating. Particularly after his injury in Richmond, Scott isn’t running well at all, and could have used all the head start available to him. But so be it. James could no more control his best friend’s actions than he could those of their adversaries. These weren’t remote bombs. But in this particular instance the diversion of the unexpected gunfire – coupled with that of the attack dogs, who were impossible to see in the dark but generally assumed to be too great in number for the enemy to combat – provides James with the perfect window for what he had long ago resolved to attempt, though unsure until this very moment if he would have the nerve to.
They had already stashed everything of importance at the rendezvous point, thirty miles west of here. Items left behind in the three vans left were mostly of little importance, unless they had directly related to this attack. As such the inclusion of his bicycle he had always dismissed with a wave, on the couple of occasions anyone even bothered to ask. Obeying orders, first Nick and then Katherine flip the headlights on, turn their vans around, and get the hell out of there. The third van, driven by one of the many semi-nameless lackeys recruited somewhere after Richmond, features an ashen and distraught Donna riding in back, looking as though she may pass out any moment, and James, who recognizes that as slow as this van is moving through the trees, that any moment will do, also knows that every passing one decreases the chances of success as well as the likelihood he will try it.
He pops open the back doors of the van, and, grabbing his bike, jumps out into the night. The last sound he hears emanating from that direction would be Donna, repeatedly calling his name, and then he is gone.


Steve had expected a dialectic of gunfire but not this. The shooting match would favor his side, as they had cover and higher ground in their favor, even allowing for a somewhat superior arsenal from the enemy. Once the guards in riot gear and blowtorches make their appearance, however, all bets are off, and his ragtag squadron is left scrambling out of the trees. 
He and Jennifer and the others, they were the ones who’d placed everything on the line. Uncomfortable with the idea of sacrificing everyone to this high variance raid, Steve had pressured no one. He had merely posed the question to those he considered the better shots, particularly those who served no other verifiable purpose – he and Jennifer were a given, despite their value elsewhere, but some of these souls, not so much – and asked them: would they be willing to lay their lives down in the name of taking a shot at the inside? And what he had ended up with was a third. A third was not much, thirty-three percent of their overall force, but it might be enough, particularly given the manner in which he had seen progressively fewer and fewer men aboard the deck of that barge the further it sailed. Yeah, that strange powder blowing out the side of the ship at all hours – if his hunches were correct, it was really not so strange at all.
Standing a good thirty feet away, though, these creepy soldiers in their suits approximating the appearance of those for handling hazardous materials, or walking on the moon, they click one button apiece and the flames roar to life, annihilating everything in sight. Steve isn’t sure how many of his own people are scorched in this instant, but judging from the screams it’s evidently more than a couple.
He feels fortunate to have dropped to the ground unharmed. Trees aflame, with nothing else to rely on now but their own internal compasses, he’s aware of stampeding feet and horrified screams as panicked feet begin crashing through the woods. Over time, though, these sounds drift further and further apart, then disappear altogether. After running, by his watch, for a solid half hour, heart hammering in his chest, he stops to catch his breath. He paces around, unholsters a pistol for no reason and cocks it, stomping around with this piece of metal gripped tightly in his left hand. Stomping around with fidgety, kinetic energy, Steve stares up at the night sky and shouts out every choice curse word he can divine.
Okay, so nobody is following him. It’s nonetheless impossible to gauge the damage at this point. And while he wouldn’t characterize the mission as a total loss, this had clearly been somewhat of a disaster. Future episodes along these lines would have to be tightened up and improved.
Blood pressure and pulse having slowed to more manageable levels, he continues ahead on foot. He has reached a clearing, and then a road, and heads due west. Thirty miles was a long walk, but he would try every vehicle he came across at each of these abandoned country homes. 



Eldorado has only impulse in his corner now. In his safe, sedentary past life as a reporter, drinker, gambler, womanizer, family man, you name it, he never had cause to fire any legitimate bullets at a living, breathing person, but he’s emptying his chamber now. Running headlong back across the loading dock, he’s aware of hitting two soldiers square in the chest out of the six bullets fired, and then a cannonball of a jump into the frigid waters of this river. 
The speed with which the human mind could process an overwhelming quantity of information was somewhat astounding. He had never known sheer panic until a month or two ago – even during his time overseas reporting the war – and he doubted most people, if polled, would say the same. Yet these reactions honed across millennia of evolution didn’t exactly dissipate in the leisurely diaspora of these modern times. These animal instincts were merely lying dormant, waiting to become vital again. In this respect, there was hope for everyone.
Thus, the sudden insight that if he is to attempt swimming across the river in any way, shape or form, underwater or above it, he is toast. It’s just that simple. If he is to cut back and press himself as flat as he can against the side of the building, however, and tread water there, his hope of survival surely spikes significantly. 
Good fortune is in his corner. Proceeding while submerged until he literally smacks his head in the dark against the corner of the building, he can hear commotion above and make out searchlights cutting like razors through the water. Then he is feeling his way both upward and along it, away from his perception of where the center must be. 
An alarm is going off, which seems a bit much given the circumstances, and then he hears what sounds like a number of small explosions. Incredibly, this is followed by an entire bank of trees bursting into flames on the far side of the bank, up over the hill and further south along the property. Well, okay, there is clearly more going on around here than merely the pursuit of his silly ass, that much seems clear to him now. Yet whatever else these distractions are, it doesn’t much matter because they are likely benefiting his cause.
Eldorado surfaces at the point where the northern bank meets the edge of the loading dock. And this is the other problem with these modern times – not that in this particular instance he is inclined to complain – in that the threshold for boredom is so much lower. People were constantly referring to shortened attention spans, that had been a popular phrase in the common vernacular before everything fell apart, but this wasn’t the least bit accurate. People could drive, talk on the phone, fiddle with radio and eat a cheeseburger all at the same time, this wasn’t extreme behavior, this was everyday routine. The attention span had not grown shorter, it had gotten honed to a knife. However on the flipside – and he supposes this is what people really meant – if something wasn’t happening on four or five fronts at all times in a person’s life, that person would find some activity to fill it.
And so in the time it takes for him to jump into the water and then come back up for air, the soldiers have already lost considerable interest in the search. They haven’t found a body yet, but they’ve emptied countless rounds into the water, their mindset was surely that this dude was in all likelihood dead. If not, he would have to come up for air and make a commotion of some sort at some point, and they would have him then. 
Fortunately for Eldorado, he spies one of those bumpers a handful of feet away, and then another. Thick slabs of rubber, these were meant to diffuse impact of ships coasting into the dock. As it so happens, though, they are also spaced perfectly enough apart to allow him in between them, with this head above water. Rotating one hand and then the other, he knows he can float here for hours if need be. So long as nobody peers straight down at his curly black head, he will be fine.
To eliminate the tension of constantly looking up and sweating every second, Eldorado resolves to stare straight forward at all times. His escape here reminds him of a similar Houdini act at the jail in downtown Cincy, which in turns reminds him of his family, and thoughts of them help while away the hours.


Complex though his reasons, James supposes that the primary one would be gnawing dread of the unknown. He did to some degree resent the manner in which Steve and Jennifer had shot down his suggestion of gaining access to the compound via alternate means, or even joining in with their gun toting battalion. They stated that it was compliment in many ways, because he had to survive, because he was the only other figure fit to lead these people should something happen to either one of them. But James wasn’t so sure about any angle of this argument.
The marathon chess match of discussion concerning Jennifer’s involvement, some of it in public with others, some of it in bed between just the two of them, ended with James reluctantly agreeing that he had no right to demand she stay behind, to withhold her talents as a sharp shooter because she was his girlfriend and he feared losing her. It wasn’t fair to the group as a whole, who after considerable discussion – it was never just Steve, barking orders – agreed on every aspect of this raid to the letter.

Some small piece of him, he realized, had an unfulfilled desire to play hero, to contribute more than driving a van and throwing some steaks, cracking open the floodgates for a pack of angry beasts. Mostly, though, it’s his envisioning of other possible scenarios, and each of them leaves such open ended longing. If he retreated with the others to the rendezvous point, worrying over Jennifer’s fate would eat away at him. Even if she eventually showed up, whether in success or defeat, the incomplete mental picture of trying to envision what had happen would also haunt him. How little they had learned thus far through their own observations and through Eldorado was already unsettling, and this sensation would only worsen over time. Worst case scenario, if something ever happened to Jennifer, the second guessing would prove endless, would mar the remainder of his days.
He has held this crazy notion of sailing a bicycle right in through the middle of the action. Dark, and with everyone else theoretically occupied…he just had a gut feeling that somehow this would work. In actuality he could have even pulled this off on foot, except he wasn’t 100% certain about the dogs, and if they would turn on him. Maybe feeling safer and in greater control of his speed and therefore his destiny up on two wheels was an illusion, but he believed in it with every fiber.
He is sweating the approaching entrance they’ve created, when an unexpected bump jars him, and then on the backside the increased momentum has him through the makeshift hole and beyond it before he has time to even process his whereabouts. In a decade’s time he could probably count the occasions of his video gaming one hand, and even then it was almost exclusively sports. He was never a fan of the single person shooter nonsense. But he had lounged around on 3am couches enough, and played enough in his earlier incarnations, to be reminded of this as his adventure unfolds here.
 As expected, first a single stray dog comes sniffing and slobbering along; as expected, it recognizes James’s scent and moves on to more justifiable targets. Yet a short while later a pair of Rottweilers gallop into his midst from the pitch black void, and appear intent upon chomping off his left leg. For this reason if no other he had chosen the bicycle rather than operating on foot, for the protection and speed having two wheels affords. With swift, insistent kicks to their jaws – doing so makes him neither happy nor proud, it is merely a matter of survival, much like his idea of bringing them here that he has wrestled with every moment before and since – he finally rids himself of their presence, as they presumably recognize the wisdom in prone prey elsewhere steadily growing colder, or trying their luck with other upright figures. 
Despite the commotion, of the flames over in the northern direction of Scott’s bombs and much more prevalent ones to the south, which actually do not make sense based on any information he has, there is very little going on now. A few random howls and gun bursts, the alarm that has yet to cease. Dogs for the most now occupied with chewing on the fruits of their labors, the fallen casualties. James reaches the bottom of this grassy slope, which flattens out not even twenty feet from the building itself. He turns rights now and continues moving without missing a beat, intent upon any perceived opening. So studious are his efforts that he doesn’t even notice the lone soldier, either late to the party or itinerant, who streaked around the corner from up on the hill, as if a race car driver taking the outside track. 
Only when the first shot smacks into the wall behind him with a cartoonish ping, followed by the actual audible of the recoil itself, is he made aware of his interloper. The bike still moving, he jumps off and manages to land on his feet, if awkwardly. Had the bullet not grazed it the thought might never have occurred to him, but with a fluidity that would surprise him had he time to ponder such matters, James also slings the backpack off and around to the front of him, holding it as a shield. No sooner has he done this does another shot meet its end a few inches deep in one of this overdue library books. So miserable a shot is he, too, that even after fumbling to free his token handgun, it takes four squeezes of the trigger and for his intended recipient to be too distracted by some suddenly angry Dobermans for James to hit paydirt. His antagonist lurches to the ground with a scream and in time is presumably eaten half alive.
Now that he’s off the bicycle, it feels like a bridge burned and he no longer wishes to be on it. He is certain now as well that blending in against the wall should prove relatively simplistic, and that the mongrels will by and large leave him alone. Six or seven doors he tries, all of them appearing random utility ones of low priority. Finally he hits the jackpot with an emergency exit that had not quite swung all the way back shut. James is inside, and, wishing to cross off the chance of someone sneaking in behind him from his mental checklist, he shuts it behind him.
How truly idiotic and likely unfruitful this notion is doesn’t really sink in until the door swings shut behind him. Nothing about this setup here makes sense unless one considers that there are far fewer people on hand than anyone supposed, and it is of much less importance than they dreamed. Such morons. They had been duped, wasting precious days courting the pomp and circumstance of a surely meaningless freighter. For he closes the door shut behind him, and he is in some long, random, well lit hallway redolent of an abandoned hospital, and there are no lurching waves of soldiers racing forward to apprehend him, there is nobody here at all. 
That couldn’t entirely be true, obviously, but it’s an accurate enough observation as far as he can tell. Just to test this theory some guard figure in a black outfit with red that James had not seen before rounds the corner. Harried, gun in hand, yet clutching and scanning some report in the other as he moves along. This strikes James as a lesson straight out of his sixth grade math book. How to balance these variables in an eyelash and come up with correct integer? You had the basic rate at which figure A was moving toward figure B, who was a lousy shot. However, figure B did have the element of surprise in his corner. A formula existed here for determining how much a few seconds were worth, in terms of the guard drawing closer, versus his likelihood of noticing James. But the latter has no time to calculate this and just draws his weapon.
Two quick shots and the dude is down, he had only one astonished jolt of a glance up at James in the millisecond preceding and now, in the space of a few minutes, the death toll he has created in his twenty six years had seen its first entry, and then it had doubled. He feels he understands war a little better now. Under such extreme circumstances, every action, however minute, took on a surreal quality. Already he had begun to feel somewhat detached from actions such as these, certainly far more than he would, say, gunning down some casual passerby down on the sidewalk, or even stabbing an intruder in his home. And so despite the blood frothing from the victim’s mouth and leaking from his chest, despite even the manner in which he seizes James’s arm with sheer panic in his eyes, James is able to bring himself to kneel there and go through the soldier’s pockets as he’s clinging to life.
He throws everything into his backpack, including the sheet of paper now fluttered to the floor. Time an enemy every bit as real as these flesh and blood ones, he begins moving. One hundred yards later he reaches the end of this hall, and turns right, and jogs a quick left down another one, equally as expansive as the first, leading toward what he perceives as being the nerve center of this building. 
A pair of doors, locked and featuring tiny windows crosshatched with the metal await him at the end of this. Some sort of card reading application and keypad adheres to the wall to his left, permitting entry into this inner chamber with the correct combination of ID and code. All this security and still nary a sighted soul. But what could have possibly been the purpose of all this, then, what were the secrets housed here? He lights a cigarette and slumps down to the floor, back against the wall.
Information is all that makes sense. They weren’t transporting weapons, they weren’t transporting bodies. Yet before they’d pulled the plug on the internet, surely nearly every scrap of human history was available to them at the click of a few buttons. Or maybe this whole convoluted process was a response to some major oversight in that department, maybe they’d wiped out all that information and only later realized they needed it. Or maybe the US government wasn’t responsible at all, maybe the doomsday scenarios had finally played out and this country became slaves to another tyranny. 
Overhead, a helicopter makes itself apparent as it draws nearer to the rooftop. So that’s how they were getting this information out, then, whatever it was. Muffled voices arrive next, though, followed by subdued chuckles, and the sound of some computerized beeps. Startled to his feet, he slips into the room on the other side of a nearby door just a few clock ticks before whoever those figures were behind the coded entry continue past him down the hall. Two men, from the sound of it.
Fumbling against the wall, James risks flipping on a light. With the first shooting outside he had failed to reload the four shots fired, and that was dumb; indoors, he’d used up his last two and also failed to reload, and that was catastrophically stupid as well. He takes care to rectify that situation now, then goes about the business of examining his backpack. The room he is appears to be a lab of sorts, and an outdated one at that, with a half dozen tall, long tables arranged in seemingly patternless right angles to one another throughout. Sinks line the wall, and there are some Bunsen burners, a glass cabinet locked with a number of mysterious bottles as its treasure. Yet judging from the layers of dust caked everywhere, he would gauge has not been in use for years. In fact, this entire complex looks and feels decades old, an abandoned property scouted out and brought back into utility. By no means was it constructed new for this project.
He sets his backpack on the nearest table and begins rooting through it. Though flecked with blood, James can read enough of the sheet the guard was clutching to recognize it is of little apparent use at the moment. Arrival and departure times, relating to either the ship or the helicopter or both. He sets it aside on the lab table and moves on. Some weird metallic object, rectangular, about the size of a stick of chewing gum, and with no markings on either side catches his eye. Interesting, but again not particularly useful at the moment. Of more importance, perhaps, is what he did not find – James scoured every inch of that guard’s person, not that he would have had any reason to conceal it, and there was no coded swipe card anywhere. Whoever he was, even of importance and trustworthiness enough to carry a firearm, he was not granted access inside that restricted region. Ramifications, then, rippled outward from here. Among them that there was no chance of blasting his way in. Also, that these guards were considered more or less expendable. Thus, the more important figures on the inside would not in any way pay any real attention to the disappearance of these dudes, aside from as raw numbers, data to be interpreted. Thus, paradoxically, if he were to figure out a way inside, this would prove the safest place in the entire compound.
He pauses now to wonder at the fate of Eldorado. James and Steve had discussed days earlier their gut feeling that he was okay and alive somewhere, yet that he’d also failed to uncover anything of much significance at all. Well, he meant no disrespect toward his heroic colleague whatsoever, who had his own off kilter brand of brilliance to offer the world. But James had recognized long ago he had a peculiar gift, too, for coming up with ideas everyone else considered brilliant and previously unimaginable until he came along, but which in his mind were very simple and straightforward. Ideas everyone would agree seemed obvious and in plain sight retrospectively, they can’t believe nobody else thought of them first.
For a flash he thinks he has it with his initial attempt, as he hoists himself up to one of those tall lab tables, jumps high enough to pop one of the ceiling panels out of the way. With his second jump he attempts to take a peek at the landscape up there, yet his height is not quite permitting. Standing on his backpack gets him there, however, but the view disappoints: a brick wall all the way across, end to end to prevent passage into that sealed off zone. Naturally. That would have proven too simple.
Back down on solid ground again he continues his examination of the guard’s meager holdings. A laminated ID badge with name and mugshot that would prove useful only under the poorest lighting and/or eyesight imaginable. Some pocket change, a candy bar wrapper. Finally, though, a bonanza in the form of this folded up piece of paper, which reveals itself as a map of the surroundings. Bingo. This would have been immeasurably useful to him and all the others anywhere from weeks ago up until the moment they attacked. Possibly until right now, even, if only he could figure out how. Gone were the days of taking a picture with one’s phone and sending it off to one’s colleagues. Maybe those days would return, maybe those capabilities still existed in the rest of the world but had been eradicated here. Maybe, in fact in all probability, their wonderful government still had the ability to do all that and more. But at this moment, James does not, the information is applicable only to him.
He sets the map down idly upon the table. How would the great espionage agents throughout history have finagled their way here? Or for that matter, were there any useful antics he could recall from action movies or cheesy hourlong t.v. shows that he could recall? Sadly, no. James was always ten times more the bookworm than anything else, and it’s these lessons alone he has to draw upon.
This reminds him of the books in his backpack. Histories, but not of the right kind. Various religions of the world, America’s imperial track record, a well recommended book about South Carolina’s involvement in the Civil War that someone else in the group had passed along to him. Sadly, the last of these would now be sent to the great librarian in the sky as it had risked its life to save James a short while back. Tunneling its way through three quarters of the book, shredding the center of every page in its wake was that soldier’s bullet, which now tumbles into his hand. He absentmindedly flips it from one hand to other and back again in an endless cycle as he contemplates matters.
His eyes rest casually on a spot of the map, the loading dock. And then it hits him: the Trojan horse. Once again, how totally obvious. Though some would call him brilliant, this idea was a cliché, and ideas like this had only become clichés because they’d been proven to work again and again. 
Speaking of ideas that were proven to work, he would need the timeworn tactic of the uniform switch to pull this off, in all probability. Moving door to door he is swift but cautious, down the hall, around the corner, and down the initial hall again where he’d gained entry. That guard lays there still in a pool of his own blood, further advancing James’s theory that there is either nobody left to speak of on this property or he is in an especially deserted, or both. Or maybe everyone was just occupied – alarms continue to shriek outside, the profound stench of smoke fills the air, and now that helicopter is taking off from landing points unknown. 
He slides the body into the next room, yet another vague multipurpose lab. He makes the quick change but the dude was beefy, the clothes baggy. As an afterthought he stashes both his own clothes and his backpack in a cupboard underneath the sink, taking care to pocket only the truly essentials. A modest effort to wash off as much blood as possible in the sink, to dry himself, and then he is hustling his way over to the loading dock.
Fortunately for him, few twists and turns populated this route, and he was able to memorize it whole on his way in. He does not wish to be spotted bumbling around with a map in his hands. Otherwise, he can move freely, and now has a pair of firearms in his possession. He slips in via an entrance that is vaguely off to the side and vaguely in the rear of this warehouse. James gets the feeling that whatever the results of their raid, it has somewhat sped up the inevitability of an operation that was in its last stages here. They were already closing up shop and moving on, and tonight’s blitzkrieg merely sped up this process, complicated it. 
At present, two men stand with their backs to him, staring out at the river. James can’t tell for certain, but beyond them it looks like a good five or six more figures are walking up and down the south bank, rifles in hand and spotlights canvassing the region. Their focus seems strange in light of a whole crew of men beyond them, meanwhile, attending with giant hoses to a whole strand of trees that is improbably aflame at the moment. And while this isn’t technically where Jennifer had been – they were due south, whereas this blaze is more southeast – it’s close enough to magnify his unease. He had not allowed himself to think of her this entire time for fear of coming unglued.
The situation does not permit dawdling. He cannot stand and stare and anyway, if successful he will have all the time in the world to sit and think about her. No one would ever claim their relationship either existed or was forged as a normal one might. And yet it existed as the most ideal he had ever known.
A pair of men in the same outfits as James are moving away from him, each pulling one of those gargantuan crates on a hand truck. As expected, nobody is paying James any mind. He ducks back one more aisle, to a row of them flush against the back wall, where there are truly no eyes, and very little risk of being spotted. Though the crates are considerably taller than he, he chooses one all the way down and on the left – theoretically, it would be pulled sooner – and hoists himself atop it. He still has no idea what this tiny piece of metal in the soldier’s pocket meant or was used for, but if nothing else it is the perfect tool for prying out nails. He wedges it underneath a nail, with the rest hanging off the side of the crate, then taps that end with the butt of a gun until the nail comes loose. Two nails at one end, then two more down at the other, and he has an equal number of boards loose, enough room to climb inside.
James had deduced they had to be housing documents of some sort in these massive wooden boxes, and indeed they are. Digging himself a well deep enough to crouch in from one end to the other, James lays the boards loosely back into place and reclines. By his count they have transferred approximately forty crates to the next stage, whatever that is, before they reach his. Granted he has no idea what will transpire once he arrives, he can only operate as he always has. Observe and take action. He always finds a way.
Sailing slightly downhill along some conveyor belt is the next unexpected wrinkle. Near the bottom he smacks into the one that went down just before him, a collision that would have jarred his fillings loose had it not been for this cushion of plastic and paper. And though the cell phone has long since ceased to serve most of its intended purposes, he has kept it charged and functional throughout merely as a time telling device and occasional flashlight. 



“Oh my god!” Jennifer shrieks, one hand plastered on each side of her face as she paces around with her mouth shaped in a horrified O, “I can’t do this anymore! I just can’t!”
The others have never seen her in a state other than complete and total cool. No one ever has. But here in the office of Bromwell State Park, where they’ve improbably chosen to reconnect – against pattern in case anyone is paying attention, and therefore impossible to track – she walks in fits and seethes as if on the brink of a meltdown.
Four is the quote unquote official tally thus far. Jennifer had personally seen two of the gunmen in the trees with them set afire and burned alive by the blowtorches; two more were missing, and it was presumed their fate had been the same. Scott and his entire posse have yet to return, though they were traveling on foot and quite possibly experienced some difficulty finding their way out of the forest, much less making it here. And everyone present in the van at that time had related the tale of James inexplicably jumping out by bicycle, which enjoys toss up status at the moment, for Jennifer, as the event that most haunts her. She loves the boy and all, but the charred limbs and rancid odor of flaming flesh, the horrified screams, these images had seared themselves irrevocably upon her mind.
“Just chill, babe,” Donna says from her softly swaying rocking chair, sipping iced tea, clad in a midnight blue summer dress with half crescent moons and palm trees dotting it in white, “my man is missing too, you know.”
“It’s not just that it’s just…FUCK! Oh my god!” Jennifer stops her frantic march abruptly in the middle of the room, though her hands still cradle her face. She looks at Donna and shakes her, “you know? Listen to me, I can’t even articulate, but do you know what I mean? There has to be another way.”
“Well believe me, I…,” Donna fidgets with her hands, stares down at the lap of her dress, “based on…well anyway, whatever…but we didn’t want to bail on that last mission after we’d already agreed to it but...if I ever see Scott again I think we…”
And at this Donna breaks down into tears. Wild, choking tears. Jennifer walks over and pats her on the shoulder, assures Donna that everything will work out just fine. And so with just that momentary crack in the façade a blip on the radar, Jennifer is back to her customary self: not exactly stoic, more along the lines of sarcastic and confident, always in control. The part of consoling friend was not exactly common, either, but it was much more closer to form.
They had chosen Bromwell State Park because of its seclusion and size. Apart from the extensive primitive camping which is basically of no use to them, a string of cabins dot the property, cabins with running water, plumbing, and electricity. The whole point of this site was to lay low until they planned their next strike, which Steve was already off scouting. He apparently had tremendous support in his belief that the attack in Pelton had more or less represented a success. These two women have not aired their concerns to anyone else – except Donna evidently conferred with Scott in the days leading up to the invasion – and are still not sure themselves as to their next course of action.
“You ever notice that as our size has grown and time has gone by,” Jennifer notes, mixing herself a drink from a bottle of bourbon someone had set on the table otherwise littered with tourism brochures, “that we’ve become less about the ideology of what we’re going and more about just doing. We’re completely action oriented now.”
“Well, maybe it’s just that we’ve already aired out all our beliefs,” Donna allows, “there’s no need to keep rehashing it.”
“Maybe. Or maybe it’s more accurate to say that we’ve just lost focus,” Jennifer says. She looks over her shoulder at Donna and holds up the bottle.
“No thanks. I’m good.”
Jennifer nods and strides over, half hops backward onto the glass counter beside a busted open, cleaned out cash register – not their work, it had been ransacked long before they arrived. In the case beneath where she is seated, a wide variety of keychains and necklaces are splayed out for sales that would never occur again. Elsewhere in the store, history books, puzzles, postcard racks, and apparel, all themed either South Carolina or the park itself, are allocated in like fashion. A sign in ledger by the door, which the girls could not resist adding their names and home addresses to, and in small room off to the right of the front desk, four rows of seating for a twelve minute video, still functional, about this history of this park.
“We should just make our home here. Fuck it,” Donna says, “anyone who wants to stay behind with us, stays behind with us.”
Jennifer smiles down at her from the lip of her raised drink. “Quaint. But it’s not quite what I had in mind.”
“Maybe you’re right…it’s just…,” Donna continues to fiddle with her hands, and fumbles for words, “based on…well…let’s just say I’m not sure I even want to keep chasing down answers anymore. Maybe it’s time to just circle the wagons and simplify. Is it wrong to not have all the answers? To not even want to have all the answers? Considering that, realistically, we will never find out what happened to our loved ones – how much is enough? At what point can you stop your search without it making you a quote unquote bad person?”
Jennifer chuckles, then catches herself and forces an abrupt stop. “I’m sorry. It just reminded me for some reason of a parallel but completely different argument. Back when I was married to that millionaire jackass. The other rich wives in his social circle and I, we would sit around the pool drinking wine and debating these things. Except I was actually serious – I think – and for them it was pure posture. Questions about at what point are you doing enough…because really, everyone is a hypocrite to some extent. Everyone. The only way you’re not is if you openly admit you just don’t give a fuck about anything.”
“How so?”
“Well I just mean everybody has their own pet causes, and things they should care about but don’t, and even the ones they do, nobody lives the lifestyle one hundred percent. So is it just enough to care? Or to give as much as you can? Or does that just make you another blowhard spouting off at the mouth?” Jennifer wonders, “like, I used to take my favorite personal mug back to the same coffee shop every single morning. Very good for the environment and all, save the trees, so on and so forth. I’m talking clockwork, I was there every day at nine a.m. But though I always sort of intended to, I never could be bothered to recycle around the house for shit. Is my good negated by the bad? Or is a little bit better than nothing? Like I gave a pretty healthy amount to charity back then, but on the flipside, it was nothing for me to spend a ridiculous amount on a pair of shoes, or a belt, whatever.”
“Hmm hmm,” Donna giggles, “that was always my great dilemma: clothes. Even after I came into all that money, I would have these phases where for like a month solid I’d feel really bummed out. So then I’d allow myself to go out and buy a few outfits that made me happy, made me feel alive again. But then I’d wonder, does it make me really superficial and lame that it takes something so insignificant to appease me…or does it make me really down to earth and appreciative, that something so insignificant is able to appease me? You could look at it either way. Or like I was telling you awhile ago, I had my house outfitted with a white roof and solar panels and all the greenest technologies, in the popular jargon of the time. Yet I always drove the same old gas guzzler to and from town, six miles each way, I drove that beast all over the place. So I guess I know what you’re saying.”
“Sounds like you had the same attitude towards clothes that I had toward food. Or something like that. Murdock was always yelling at me for not keeping more groceries in the house. Or, well, actually, I suppose we always had plenty of groceries on hand, but I never felt like eating any of them. Most of the fun of eating is the element of surprise. When you go out and buy a bunch of groceries at once, then it’s like you’re stuck at the house, or maybe you’re at work thinking about what to have for dinner later, and it’s like, okay, hmm, what do I have on hand.....so that then by the time you actually making it, you’re not even excited anymore.”
“If you even were to begin with. Most of the time it’s just, well, I bought this stuff, I’ve got to use it up.”
“Right. And I mean, not to sound spoiled, because if that’s all you had to eat, then fine, whatever, but I always preferred to just swing by the store on my way home from wherever I’d been that day. It’s more work, but who cares? Then I like to walk around until I see something and say, yes! This is what I’m making tonight! I mean, what’s the harm in that. It’s my free time, time everyone else spends laying around watching tv. I wouldn’t even say it costs me more money, probably less, because I never throw anything away. Ever. And I don’t have to make these huge batches of stuff just to use everything up, either.”
“So that’s your secret!” Donna marvels, “lord knows you have a figure to die for!”
“Oh whatever,” Jennifer says, rolling her eyes, “you skinny little bitch. Like you couldn’t have been fighting off the boys if you wanted, too.”
Just then a showroom fresh, brand new Lamborghini rockets up the park entrance. Canary yellow and blasting a vaguely familiar r & b pop song from the 1980s, blatantly disregarding the posted 15 MPH sign that was actively enforced not so long ago but likely never would be again. Fishtailing as he approaches the park offices, the car screeches to a standstill with actual smoke issuing forth from its rear tires, and the driver, a tall, lanky, bespectacled lad in paint splattered clothes, exits but looks lost even though this is literally the only building in sight. In time, three others disembark the vehicle behind him.
“Speaking of which…,” Jennifer says, “although, he’s lucky Steve isn’t around. That dude has probably shot people for less. We’re supposed to be keeping a low profile.”
Donna, who has sprung to her feet with hope at the arrival of this car, now lets forth an open flood of tears even as she’s laughing with relief. “You know, he really needs to stop doing that.”


James is startled awake by the sudden jerk of his crate being pulled. A few corners are turned, short stretches of hallway navigated, but he is still too asleep to gauge the particulars and might not have been able to anyway under the best circumstances. And so it is that before he’s even gotten the cobwebs rubbed from his eyes, he hears the shriek of boards being pried loose in front of him with a crowbar, and he is forced to draw his handgun. 
He tumbles out on the tidal wave of documents and blasts everything that moves. In this case that would mean three computer geeks in identical primary blue short sleeved collared shirt, and yes, he instantly regrets every lightning fast impulse his nerve endings have him commit here. Two of them are down and gasping for air with massive crimson stains spreading across their chests – a ghastly male in his early teens with serious overbite and an acne problem, some raven haired chick of a similar age with giant plastic glasses and unkempt, greasy locks – while the third, pale and overweight, with sandy hair and thin metal rimmed specs of his own, is spared by the law of averages governing James’s lousy shooting ability. He has a yellow name badge that reads Andy pinned to his chest and he is sweating profusely. He is also waving his arms in front of his face as if to dissuade James, and is slowly backing away.
“What is this!?” James demands, sliding forward to reclaim the gap between them. Gun raised, and then pressed against this Andy’s temple as he screams, “WHAT IS THIS!?”
“I’m just a technician, I’m just a technician!” Andy pleads, as James backs him into a row of computer equipped tables in the center of the room, and the one directly bearing the load of their weight slides a few inches. “We’re just data entry here we-
And James is leaning into him, pressing him back against the table, into the keyboard and monitor. He has a fistful of collar in his left hand and is jabbing the barrel into this dude’s face with his right. He feels he is breathing flames through his nose as gives his horrified, blubbering mess beneath him the longest stare down of his life. And then it hits James: this man is not the enemy. This man is merely an employee.
“Fuck!” James shrieks, and drops down on his haunches. He has one hand framing each side of his head now, pistol now pointed casually in a forty five degree angle away, at no specific point in the ceiling. The other two have ceased making all noise whatsoever, and James is now certain that he will soon join them. “So this is where it ends…,” he groans.
“We’re all alone here, you know,” Andy says, suddenly warming up to the idea that he too might survive this encounter, “essentially, anyway. There are a few bureaucratic types that float in now and then, but we haven’t seen any of them, even, since early this morning. The soldiers…well, I don’t know, we never see them, period.”
James glances over at him, then pops to his feet and marches to the nearest terminal. He plays with the computer’s mouse until the monitor flickers to life, then bends in to squint at the results. Ten miniatures page just kind of floating there, though if the cursor hovers over one for a few seconds it enlarges to full screen. Lines of varying color connecting the boxes, seemingly at random. One box has photos, another a family tree, and on down the line, basically the end result he would naturally infer from these endless crates of documents, and the blanks filled in by these millions of missing bodies.
“And then the documents are incinerated, right? Birth certificate, Social Security card, all of it?” James asks, looking sideways over at Andy, who nods. Half leaning on and half sitting against the table with his arms crossed, the lone survivor of James’s rampage has composed himself with admirable speed. “But then what?”
Andy strides over and takes control of the mouse. Clicks on the second box from the top left, which blows up the family tree of the individual in question – Edwin Janek – to full screen status. Barely visible beneath it lies another blurry blob, however, which when hovered over for a few seconds rises to the forefront – his father’s complete family tree. “This is like a social media site, except amped to the nth degree. They have everything on here.” 
“Okay okay, I get all that. But why? And how in the hell would…what, three of you be expected to plow through all this?”
“Look around you, man,” Andy says, “there were ten times that many of us cranking away in here. This project’s almost over. And there’s about twelve or fifteen more sites just like it…but to answer your question, I honestly have no idea.”
“Oh bullshit.”
“Seriously. I already told you, we are just data entry here. That’s it.”
“But were the people to be eliminated preselected?”
“I don’t know, but I can tell you…”
“Or were agents sent to retrieve this stuff after the person in question disappeared? Was it all a crapshoot as far as who they reeled in?”
“…that there is nothing else to learn here. This is the extent of it. You’re pretty much wasting your…”
“Or is it all completely unconnected? Are files being constructed on everybody, living or dead, protected or otherwise?”
“Look man,” Andy says, and meets James’s gaze for the first time since there was a pistol jammed between it, “you keep talking as though I’m on the other side of all this.”
James is beginning to speak but stopped just shy of the first syllable. Mouth open, his eyes dart around for a measure and he changes tack, asking, “what’s that supposed to mean?”
Andy holds his arms out to indicate the breadth of their surroundings and says, “like I told you, there were thirty of us. They didn’t send the others away to Maui on a two week vacation if you get my drift. This operation is almost over.”
James eyes the thick cables coming out of the back end of each terminal, cables which link up and feed into a hole cut into the wall. They have no internet here and he can see no printers, which means no reports are being generated. Whatever retrieval system they have, it is clearly situated somewhere on the other side of that wall. Following his eyes and interpreting the train of thought this lead to, Andy shakes his head.
“How do I get to where those cables go.”
“You don’t. I don’t have access, none of us ever did. You’d have better luck getting a sit down with President Chadwick,” Andy says, a feeble attempt at a joke.
“Fuck it then. Help me tear these towers apart. I’ll annihilate the hard drives.”
Andy chuckles and says, “you’re out of your mind. Why bother.”
James raises his pistol a smidgen skyward and threatens, “help me with this or I’ll blow your fucking brains out.”
“Do it then,” Andy shrugs, “what difference does it make.”
“As I recall you were plenty horrified when I first made my appearance…”
“Confronted with the actual fact of it, yes. But I’m over that. By all means, walk up behind me and lodge a couple in my skull if you like. Might be better that way, really.”
“So what keeps you working, then?” James says, exasperated and disbelieving.
“Boredom,” Andy shrugs, “habit. I mean, what else is there?”
“Good, then,” James suggests, waving at the tower nearest Andy with his gun, “this is surely less boring than whatever it is you were doing. Let’s go.”
Andy lets out a long, slow sigh, nods once, and saunters across the room to retrieve some screwdrivers. James tries on for size firing four shots into the tower at elbow’s length, though all this does is create a belch of smoke to further compromise the already stale air. In roughly the time it takes for him to flip a screwdriver over to James, it seems, Andy has already disassembled his first tower and stomped the half dozen steps between them, slammed it down on the table beside James. 
He’s still not gotten the last screw out of the back end of his own unit, but as his reluctant accomplice moves onto the next, James lays the Phillips head down and picks up that warm, slender, metallic box, the improbable source of so much information and power. He turns it over in his hands, only dimly noting some distant background sound, akin to the wheel a player would spin the hell out of in an arcade golf game. 
Pocketing the hard drive in the front of his pants, he turns his attention more directly to that sound. And this is exactly what it calls to mind, the spinning of some tiny wheel…no, a bunch of tiny wheels. And then he hears the shouts, and he recognizes this for what it is.
The soldiers. James doesn’t have to see them, he’s aware that this collaborative clamor, a barking with purpose, almost like music, it can only mean one thing, that they are just a few rooms away and closing in. He and Andy exchange horrified glances, but whereas one of them stands immobile, scratching his head, the other takes off running.
No time to reload now, James laments firing those four unnecessary shots just a moment ago. He also has no idea precisely from which direction these goons might arrive, thus runs willy-nilly from corridor to corridor away from the ruckus as he perceives it. But then in what seems an impossibly short time frame, they are in the same hall as he, just around a bend in it but drawing closer. 
James is just about consigned to his inglorious but well deserved fate when another offshoot of this hall opens up into one larger, and at the end he spies a set of those familiar double doors which marked the beginning of this secured access zone. If he can just make it there before these men are directly on his heels…
Except he does, yet his destination offers no deliverance. With a crushing horror so severe it takes the wind right of him, some particulars of his earlier observations, overlooked till now, are revealed to him: of course. If Andy and the others were ever able to get out, they would have done so. When he had slumped in the hall listening to those two officers fumble at this door earlier, they had needed a card and a code to get out.
He spins around as a small battalion of guards race into sight, figuring, for whatever reason, that he’d rather meet his fate face first. And yet just then, there’s a crash above him and a ceiling panel falls on his shoulder. As if in a trance, he glances up, as the first thing he sees is this kinky auburn ponytail flopping out, followed by the rest of the body – she’s backwards, or upside down, held up like some Olympic gymnast only by locking her knee joints over the top of the door. Firing a pair of machine guns down the hall, which mows down most of them, and then jumping down to join him.
“Surprised, James?” she coos with a cool bordering on smugness, sliding a card through the reader and then punching the code as he’s having trouble finding the coordination to blink or swallow, much less speak, “and here I thought you were supposed to be the swift one.”




Tracy James




As the cards fell, that trip out west had saved her life. This was how she had come to perceive it, anyway, for had she remained rooted to and blinded by the everyday routine the same as everyone else, she’s confident she would have met the same fate. She couldn’t fathom how her brother or James had managed to stay alive without extricating themselves from it, although then again those two always were completely off the wall, off the map, off the radar.
Of the many reasons she had spouted throughout the years justifying the nomadic period of her latter day existence, longevity was not one of them. In fact any rationalization she ever made at all, whether internal or external, always seemed rather flimsy in her eyes – the central obvious fact was that she’d suffered too bottled up an existence in her younger days, and every waking hour since then was one long steam valve exhalation, making up the difference.
She had been the ugly duckling or the dog or whatever unbecoming animal name applied, she had been the bookworm. But then she had metamorph’d, first becoming a night owl, eventually, some would say – ever confident, she, in her adult years, though never one to boast nonetheless – a fox. All mere evolutionary links leading to the interstate on-ramp of these past eighteen months, during which time she would continually cross paths with these males who described themselves as lone wolves. And while the term didn’t really translate becomingly over to the fairer sex, somehow, she took her absorption of and affinity for these types as yet further proof she had become somewhat of an advanced species.
They were damaged goods one and all, this was key. Which wasn’t to say that all the damaged survived, but one couldn’t make it this far otherwise. She relates it to scientific evidence that two people with the most wildly different immune systems were bound to attract one another – he couldn’t fight off the most common of colds, she was healthy as a horse – because it gave their children the greatest chance of survival. Similarly, too, did all these mishaps a soul survived, of seeming little use at the time, serve to balance out the individual somehow in ways a more polished and proper existence never could.
Okay, so her flight out of Middlefork had begun following her breakup with Jeffrey, the jackass cokehead bartender she’d wasted a good three years with. Of course during that entire reign of obnoxious stupidity she’d been a jackass cokehead too, but this was not the point. The measure of their lives, everyone’s lives, in Tracy’s mind, was not a race to see who could exist in a most error free state; rather, the point seemed to be experience at all costs, provided one was intelligent and tenacious to recognize when said experience didn’t mesh, and that individual was able to recognize this and move on. Neither extreme on the outskirts of this experience was desired – she did not wish to be the jackass bartender consumed by addictions back there in Middlefork America, but by the same token, she did not wish to be the Sunday morning stuffed shirts who knew nothing of this lifestyle. Neither would she consider an exalted state.
The truth of her quote unquote disappearance from Middlefork was never the straight line her family and the subsequent myth makers constructed it to be. Few things in life ever were. They had not approved of her curious fling with Eric Green, who was not her type whatsoever and had really only lucked into landing her during the one weak and unlikely window of her adult life when a guy like him could have done so. But Eric was at heart a funny and harmless drunk, nothing more outrageous than that, whereas all of the truly unwholesome qualities her family attributed to Jeffrey and then some, these were all true. He was not, for instance, permitted over at her parents’ house, not that he had every expressed one iota of interest in doing so. In fact their entire disapproval of Jeffrey was based upon one family picnic at Averill’s Reservoir, and the prolific volumes of small town lore available at church, the beauty salon, the grocery store. And so even as her parents – indeed, even Scott – made a big show of disowning her, they remained in constant contact. It is only after she ditches the boyfriend (infidelity, of course) and decides on a whim to make the haul with an old friend all the way to Upper Peninsula Michigan that they actually fall out of touch.
She and Stacy had both kind of always just been friends with, slash kind of maybe slept with Anthony a couple of times at various junctures throughout the years. He had relocated clear up to those unseasonable environs of this oddly constructed state for a relationship of his own that didn’t pan out, though entrenched by then as casino dealer on a Native American reservation up here and just kind of stuck around. Stacy plans on spending her Christmas break from college crashing at his pad, doing some gambling, and mainly just forgetting about her own busted relationship, and the timing is absolutely perfect for Tracy to join her.
Low budget mecca of the dispossessed or not, there are no serious drugs in their forecast during this stint on the U.P. Just gravy boats full of liquor – figuratively speaking, of course, none of their nights ever escalate this level – and the weed that always seems to be floating around intermittently. But it’s precisely the crash course in forgetting that she needs, for a slated three and a half week getaway. 
After about a week and a half, Tracy takes a job bartending at the same casino where Anthony deals cards. Stacy hadn’t planned on doing anything productive up this way whatsoever, but she picks up some shifts cocktail waitressing at the same, and it all seems like one grand lark. Anthony, though somewhat of cheerful though penniless deadbeat back in Middlefork – or maybe it was that he’d lost his mind over some chick and thus couldn‘t work, stories vary – is really quite flush up in this frozen nowhere town, with nothing but the casino to keep itself afloat. Tracy remembers this experience as piles of cash and people over every night and nobody much sleeping at all somehow even without the influence of many drugs.
She is having such a wonderful go of it that as January rolls around and Stacy maps out the return trip home, Tracy says fuck it and tells her to head on back south alone. The last weekend of her stay on the U.P., Anthony and Tracy take a couple nights off and threw one hell of a party at their third floor apartment overlooking the main drag of this tundra, up on a hill one block removed from the casino, beginning that Friday night. They wake up to a house heavy on disarray and passed out people, and yet as the guests start stirring and drifting out and as the day wears on, the beers they’d cracked open for breakfast turn into mixed drinks by lunch, and it’s somehow just the three of them watching old movies – they had not awakened hung over, nor are they drunk now – and somewhere around nightfall, which arrives early in January anyway, Anthony has this idea about driving west to the Wisconsin border to visit his brother.
He doesn’t bother to call, but insists the dude is always home and that the place is a constant party dome, small town status of his abode notwithstanding. Crandall, Wisconsin has maybe 20,000 people, tops, but Tracy knows that Timothy will show them a hell of a time, it has been years since they’ve seen Timothy and this reunion slash road trip to send Stacy off seems just the thing.
Only problem is, as they arrive in Crandall, the whole town just seems…flat. Really, really flat. As in there doesn’t seem to be many people out and about at all. Granted, the entire town is coated in about a foot and a half of snow, with another layer of crisp icing atop that, but these people should have been used to such. Yet they stop by Timothy’s rented ranch home in the middle of the city, a few blocks west of downtown, and they let themselves in, and they sort of commence partying without him. Anthony calls up every well worn watering hole in town, but most do not answer, curiously enough, the rest have not seen Timothy. A call to various friends yields similar results.
The three of them sit in the dark watching old, original, black and white Twilight Zone episodes on the science fiction channel in the dark, partying in the living room on their own, getting extremely drunk and for some reason laughing uproariously at every episode. Martin Balsam and the murderous figures in the basement, Peter Falk as a Cuban dictator. Robert Duvall, William Shatner, that one dude from The Odd Couple. Last thing Tracy remembers, it’s after 4am and Stacy’s sawing logs in an easy chair, Anthony’s twirling a glass of merlot in both hands – it’s what the two of them are reduced to, cracking open a bottle they found in the house after everything else was drained – and she’s balancing one absently on her thigh as she sort of listens, sort of watching this sordid tale of this tall middle aged scumbag geek with enormous glasses being chased by his car after he runs over some young girl. It had begun as a tremendously insightful and lively two way conversation about people they knew from Middlefork that slowly devolved into his bemoaning about the breakup with that Beth chick (a semi close associate of Tracy’s for a couple years there, true), at which point Tracy is still listening and offering feedback, until this discussion became recognizable as being about nothing much at all. They are wiped out.
The three of them don’t begin driving back from Crandall until two the next day. Anthony leaves a jaunty note to his flighty brother, who isn’t exactly out of character in not answering his cell phone nor in having apparently picked up and left town on a whim for a few days. Just before leaving town they pop into a convenience store for coffee and some sort of cheap, crappy food which always seems to be precisely the ticket for hangover remedy. Few shops seem to be open, which they attribute to the snow, the inclement weather, and they are half giddy the way one often is when spotting light after miles of unrelenting bleakness. Some octogenarian geezer in suspenders and a flannel shirt and a John Deere cap is behind the counter, apparently the owner. He expresses some surprise at seeing them.
“At this point I kinda figured I knew everybody that was left,” he says.
“Left?” Tracy inquires as the three of them stand before the counter. She will recall this morning precisely for some reason, that she is raising one eyebrow while uttering this phrase. Also, that she is wearing, by equally unfathomable motivations, a black beret, and her dark jeans are tucked into her knee high black moon boots. A braided ponytail that she had crafted while bored and waiting for Stacy to get out of the shower so they could leave.
“Well yeah, it’s been…least two month, maybe three,” the old man tells them.
“Two or three months since what?” Anthony retorts.
“We’re not from around here,” Stacy chimes in.
“I didn’t figure it was like this everywhere…but…,” the white haired senior sighs, at once still astonished to see them and yet made almost robotic by exasperation, zoning out and glazed over as he speaks, “I’m an old man, it’s all I know.”
Stifling guffaws long enough to pay for their purchases and exit the store, they explode into laughter once outside and wonder just how batty with cabin fever these northern winters make a person. Every word spoken by and to this old shopkeeper is bandied about repeatedly, analyzed, riffed upon, riddled with holes, mocked without mercy. In three hours of driving it never gets old, as their storytelling floats from this to that but always fins a way back to him, eventually, and someone would have something else smartassed to say and it would trigger another wild laughing fit. 
Dark creeps in around them like a silent assassin long before they make it back to Overton, and no sooner are they within city limits does a side jaunt to the liquor store beckon, to shake off all that coffee and a long ride and a day of, well, not drinking. And then Stacy is gone on Tuesday morning, and their little journey to Crandall, Wisconsin is more or less swept under the rug of routine. Anthony does attempt calling Timothy now and then, but hears nothing, yet is not particularly concerned – again, this represents nothing strictly out of character for his older brother.
Once spring rolls around, maybe Tracy just gets homesick or maybe she has an irresistible urge to reconcile. She had spoken to absolutely no one from home since splitting town, only Stace. One day during a lull in action Tracy is hanging out over by Anthony’s deserted blackjack table, both of them clad in their white long sleeved dress shirts and black pants, black vests, i.e. standard Overton Gaming Center attire. She had been informally sliding him money here and there for living expenses and bills, buying the lion’s share of groceries for the most part, yet when she breaks the news that she’s thinking about moving back, pretty much definitely moving back here soon, he just stoically nods, he takes it extremely well.
This would have been the spring of the last time she ever saw James. Nine months before it was ever formally announced that anything would be happening along the lines of the 34th Amendment, followed by the 35th. The ruse of outlawing first their alcohol and then their cigarettes, when in fact the wheels had already been in motion for quite some time – always assuming a different shape, but with identical results. She was fortunate in having the information presented to her when she did, a seed planted with that fluke trip on New Year’s Day, though even in this she feels less on the ball than maybe she should have been. Still, Tracy believes there is at least a little credit due here, for once she sees the light, she acts  – she’s not some mindless zombie flipping tv channels or zoning out nine to five in some cubicle. And once everything is revealed to her, she understands immediately that the trick to avoiding a common fate is to somehow step off the treadmill, withdraw from society…while at the same time afford it twice or thrice or tenfold as much attention as everyone else does.
Would you notice if 90% of Wyoming’s population was gone? How would anyone even know? Well, maybe if you lived there, and it was debatable even then. She is home alone one night in April, in the upstairs apartment that her family moved into after leaving Spent Wick, when Anthony calls out of the blue. The three months since she’d lived up there seemed like three years, and she had thought about him or his situation surprisingly little. She doesn’t consider herself selfish, but she does have somewhat of a wandering mind, and as a result this unfortunately means she rarely sits around relentlessly dwelling on someone else’s life. But he’s calling from a town he claims is way up near the Minnesota/Canada border, and despite the irrationality of what he’s purporting he sounds very calm.
“They started by knocking off all the media in the most remote regions. Nobody noticed because they had these bogus papers and eleven o’clock news broadcasts customized and sent everywhere like form letters with just the names switched out. But there was no real news because there wasn’t anybody –
“Dude,” Tracy chuckles, from her perch on the living room couch where, feet up on the edge of the coffee table, she’s been watching a series of old sitcom reruns and occasionally puffing on her marijuana pipe. Her laugh comes out as a rasp and she realizes she should probably quit smoking – this and cigarettes both, “slow up, man. What the fuck are you talking about?”
“Our government. Or maybe just the military acting on its own outside the government, I don’t know. It has to do with Timothy. I haven’t…really figured out why yet, no one has. But it’s not good. Something to do with takeover. But I’m up here on a…commune of some sorts, I guess you’d call it, and we’ve started doing things.”
“Things? What things? Anthony, man, what are you…I mean you don’t sound…”
“They are going to migrate south and east. It started in these nowhere states of the northern middle west because it’s much more low profile that way. Trust me, you will see it there soon. I can’t really tell you how-
“You said you’re doing things? Like what? And please, please, pretty please sir, would you take this from the top I really don’t-
“We’ve been blowing up the buildings where they crank out this crap.”
“Anthony!”
“I am totally, totally effing serious. I can’t really tell you how they’ll go about it, but you will see it there soon. You don’t believe me you should make it up here, Trace. The major cities they target a little bit differently. There will be some major announcement of this or that, but what it boils down to is getting a bunch of people together in one place…”
She scribbles down the address he has given her on the back of a receipt, but thinks nothing of it. Now and then she does wonder about Anthony, but phone calls here and there both to his cell phone and, oddly enough, to the Overton casino where he’d worked remained unanswered. Stacy has also heard nothing. 
By the middle of summer, maybe she’s just itching for a road trip anyway but of every name saved in her phone, she can rustle up no one else to ride with her as she seeks out Anthony. Of course she never phrases it as such – and she is normally a kickass saleswoman when it comes to pitching wild ideas – it is only that she’d “kinda heard he was kicking it in the country up there, sounds killer,” but nobody takes the bait. And so she is behind the wheel alone for the first time in her life. Waiting tables at a strip club halfway between Middlefork and Toledo, as the bartending gigs had dried up upon her return from Michigan, waiting tables in a somewhat skimpy getup, nothing too embarrassing, and gigging on the side for her mom at the salon, she’s banked a decent roll. Now it was time to put some of it to use, and of course, the family effectively clucks their collective tongue at her latest flight.
She tears out of Middlefork due north to Toledo, then dances west on 90 across the top of Indiana. Making her way sidelong up and through Illinois and Wisconsin, her cell phone is blowing up with all of the people she’d already invited all of the people she’d tried to rope into this saying they “didn’t know” she was “serious” or that she “should have given”  them a “heads up,” even though she positively had, or that they “might make it up there” once they “took care of a couple things.” At least her family was consistent, telling her this was a bad idea just as they always had every time she left town – not that they even knew the particulars of this one, in which case they would have really flipped their lids, accused her of getting mixed up in some cult, and so forth on down the line.
Tracy makes it into Minnesota without issue, through the twin cities and out the other side. Just beyond this point, however, she first begins to encounter advisory signs that the interstate ahead of her, 94, is about to terminate in a few miles due to construction. As she’d never been up this way and is unfamiliar with what to expect population-wise, no alarms are sounded concerning the relative lack of vehicles on the road. Still, as there are not a whole lot of other folks out here, she entertains the idea that these orange diamond shaped warnings are possibly outdated and have simply not been taken down, thus she presses on. She presses on all the way to a massive roadblock, with a stadium sized crater beyond that obliterating all doubt.
Backtracking to the previous exit, she attempts winding her way northwest to the coordinates Anthony had indicated. Though they had been a somewhat mobile bunch, for over a month now they’d retreated to the same spot, as debate continued to rage over fleeing to Canada en masse or sticking around to figure things out here. They’d had some defections, according to Anthony, but by and large, those who were concerned enough to sign on with them were bound to stick around. Still, as Tracy attempts to wiggle her way around these lakes and huge swatches of forest, stopping off frequently at mostly abandoned gas stations to consult maps – her GPS is curiously jammed, as it has been ever since she passed St. Paul – all she has managed to accomplish is a fishtail northeast to nowhere.
At some point her cell phone cuts out completely but, considering that Anthony had no trouble reaching her in Ohio nor she contacting him the whole way up, she attributes this to a bad service region. For two days this continues, meandering in and out of huge chunks of the Superior National Forest. Somewhere around Ely she magically punches through, and is able to skirt around these lakes to the north, to piece together her whereabouts through the trusty map.
Tracy couldn’t really say why she pressed on, except that turning around this far into the odyssey with nothing to show for it seemed inane. Then again, she had always been completely stubborn, which was one of the major reasons she butted heads with so many people. It was as if her years spent cooped up in the bedroom sought a balancing out, and her long dormant desires to be the controlling one for a change were on a speed reading course to catch up. This would explain her difficulties with Jeffrey, for instance, that she stayed with him for so long even though well aware he was horrible, because she was determined to not let him get the upper hand in the battle of who could be shittier to the other. She kept striving toward that one act or one argument that would leave with her such a feeling of smug superiority that she could just walk away, but it never came. Eventually these things just fizzled.
Near the three way crux of North Dakota, Minnesota, and Canada, she finds the desolate Native American reservation that Anthony had spelled out for her in all of their conversations these past few weeks. And how ironic, this, that they would find refuge here, in a place where the original marginalized people of the first true nationwide government had all but given up hope of surviving the second, and fled elsewhere, presumably across the border. 
They’ve settled temporarily in the land of the former Ojibwe tribes, but were planning on packing up just a few days away from Tracy’s sudden appearance. Suspicious and semi-hostile, were it not for Anthony’s vote of confidence, the rite of passage required to join their ranks would have surely been longer and much more involved. Everyone here has some special skill – indeed, if not more than one, even – but she flounders for awhile finding her utility here, a role initially limited in scope to supplying cigarettes and alcohol and making wisecracks about the states being named North and South Ojibwe instead.
She is amused to discover that certain Native American tribes were allowed to craft their own street legal license plates, and handsomely done at that. Bright red with letters and numbers raised off their metallic surfaces in a font that an observer might title Reconfigured Twig, these plates in fact become the accessory of choice for anyone driving an auto, both here and beyond. 
Considering that this is the land of braves and squaws and all, there is some interest in learning to shoot a bow. Tracy wastes little time with this, she makes the boys take her out and practice firing some guns. She is sure that wiping out the enemy by arrow on, say, horseback, is plenty fulfilling and all, but she makes an analogy here about the invention of the car – people who were into running still participated in marathons, but it was no longer the preferred means of travel.
Their patented mode of operation by now is to surreptitiously send one or two persons into the next town of note, and hang tight there paying attention to who drops off the papers, where and when they do so, and to which location they return. If a city large enough to broadcast its own six o’clock news, even better. All are served in time Molotov cocktails just before the crew moves on again. 
Tracy isn’t necessarily certain she agrees with the thought process behind such acts. Still, halting this false dissemination of information does seem better than any of the alternatives, and those responsible for issuing such were without a doubt the enemy. But it doesn’t seem a particularly effective method for divining any more information – they essentially know what they had known to begin with, which is nothing. Cell phones no longer work up here, but land lines do; friends and relatives disappeared in a flash; power is on and traffic lights continue to function and stores shelves are stocked just like always, and any effort to, for example, stop by the police station to “file” a report or petition the court house with one of your “complaints” doesn’t produce any tangible results at all.
Revelation comes from an unlikely source one gloomy afternoon, as she’s sitting on a brick retaining wall in front of the Rutherford, North Dakota library. A postman in full regalia marches along the opposite sidewalk, light on his feet, whistling an unrecognizable tune as he hits maybe every seventh or eighth mailbox. Tracy doesn’t draw attention to herself, but at the same time she doesn’t make any effort to conceal her presence, sitting in plain sight, blowing cigarette smoke. And by the same token, this mail deliverer doesn’t look at her, yet it isn’t as if he’s trying to avoid looking at her, either. 
For the next few days Tracy makes a point of hanging out in various points around town and watching the mailman in action. Even in an age of electronic bill payments and scant letter writing, it would have been thought unusual for a person to run two consecutive days together without receiving any mail whatsoever. After her attention is drawn to the way the mail hits the same houses and completely ignores the others, day after day, she pulls a few of the others into this little game. Eventually they all reach the same basic conclusions, that somehow, somewhere, there is a fairly comprehensive list of who’s still alive and kicking in even a miniscule town like this. Whatever complex stunt the government is pulling, this hit seems mighty well organized. 
Though by appearances 90% of the town’s residents are missing, those remaining continue to go about their daily business, and there is no evident change in the body count, so to speak, during this ragtag crew’s thinly veiled residence in town. But if they were going to reach any concrete conclusions about the how and why of the tiny lead they’ve developed, it would mean finding an even more isolated locale and conducting their would-be field experiments there.
A random drive into the country stumbles across Stetson, North Dakota, not so much a town as a ten second’s stretch on a country highway. Still, it has its own post office, and even if only serving a handful even during its high water mark, determinations could be made here.
Tracy and four of the others arrive at this post office in pickup trucks, pulled around to the back. Expecting trouble they are armed to the teeth but a brick through the glass front door gets them over the first hurdle. As the wiriest in the bunch Tracy is the one given the task of weaseling in through the break, then darting to the back door and finagling the locks. Once managed, Anthony and Kelvin join her in tossing sack after sack of delivered but unsorted mail into their pickups, while the other two stand guard up front. They are expecting a response on some level, but are guessing that wherever the alarm is sounded, that this is not a real high priority location and will garner a muted response. 
To their delight and surprise a solitary officer responds to the alarm, and a senior one at that. He is dropped where he stands only moments after he first raises the flashlight to peer inside the building, and a few moments later as a five man effort now they have every last bag loaded. They toss the dead cop into the backseat of his own cruiser, and with David at the wheel they drive and they drive, deeper into the country. 
They rampage a half hour west, nowhere near this post office and even further away from their current base of operation. Picking an abandoned mobile home in the back row of a deserted park, they make quick work of the flimsy lock and gain entry. They have performed this stunt a number of times, break-ins such as these, and strangely enough finding a dead human body has never an issue. Pets are on occasion, although it seems without fail that the last ones leaving these homes not only shut the lights and t.v. off but they customarily took the dog with them as well. 
Over beers they paw through the mail, having cleared out as much room as possible in the living room and kitchens by rearranging furniture, moving it elsewhere. The same experiment could have been done with greater accuracy, obviously, concerning a larger city and thus larger sample size, but they feel there’s sufficient material here to pick apart patterns, make some educated observations about what is going on. They have a phone book and a map of the county, both obtained from the library, splayed out on the kitchen table like the topographical battle plan inside a military command center. 
As Tracy had initially observed and the others confirmed in Rutherford, somewhere between one in seven and one in ten on seemingly every street is still receiving mail. But with few exceptions, the missing are not being sent any mail, period – it wasn’t as if the post office continued and destroying the parcels, or even for that matter just letting them sit there and rot. The same people are still getting their major credit card bills, bank statements, weekly department store circulars. Everyone else? Not so much. The occasional odd statement from Joe’s Country Hardware store or a birthday card from Aunt Mabel, maybe, but these lines are drawn about as systematic and comprehensive as possible by man or machine.
“Major corporations, then,” Alice suggests, passing the bourbon bottle on to David. The five of them are standing in the dark of this trailer’s backyard, huffing cigarettes and contemplating their next move. Though late spring now the nights up here in the Dakotas comes chilly enough to detail their breath, “either they’ve been taken over, or they’re in on it as well.”
“It’s all connected,” Tracy says tersely and nods. She stands offset from the other four, clad in boots and a down ski vest that have both suited her mood of late.
Leaving the mail where it sits, because it has served its purpose, they take off with sheets of paper listing every address from those bags which is still receiving deliveries. They leave the cruiser parked behind the trailer, body untouched, but take the map and the phone book. 
The strangest night to date of Tracy’s life will follow, which is saying a great deal considering the months to soon unfurl. She remembers a grab bag of B&Es, a trying out of varying strategies in an effort to piece together a plotline. They began by targeting houses which are expected to remain occupied, based upon the mailing patterns, and for the most part this theory is proven correct. In reality, true or not, this is an incredibly idiotic idea, both for the exposure such a stunt brings them, but also the likelihood of some random guntoting homeowner blasting their heads off upon entry. Except when too little sleep is fused with too much anxiety and alcohol, these brainy schemes are what results.
Yet though risky, it’s a plan not without merit. They began by trying a much more heavy handed approach, actually grilling residents at gunpoint and flipping their houses upside down to see what makes them different. When this is determined repeatedly to be a not exactly effective approach, they try a gentler form of intrusion – once they overcome the shock of the home invasion and became trusting of their uninvited guests, the hosts are usually quite cooperative. And still, nothing. 
Around daybreak a bleary eyed encounter with a very angry lone male, middle aged, advancing unexpectedly out of his own garage with a shotgun has them reconsidering this approach. Somehow they extricate themselves without a shot fired, after a seemingly endless back and forth shouting match and long, slow backwards walk down the driveway to their vehicle. For the next few hours, they attempt a different method, attacking the known abandoned homes with a fervor. But by this point they are admittedly too worn out and frazzled to even properly assess the information they’re sifting through. 
This excursion hasn’t been a total loss – they have figured a few things out, if only they could sort out what. Back at the home base in Rutherford, itself a Boy Scout camp, they share their limited dossier with the others and negotiate a response. All signs pointed to either a governmental or corporate takeover, or both. Their home invasion interviews, so to speak, yielded absolutely nothing by way of answers about why these people were spared, but the same basic recurring tale kept emerging from these folks concerning the ones that were gone. Uncle Wallace had been contacted about a bunch of unclaimed money that was his, but drove off to get it and never came back. Their neighbor was stoked about a secret rendezvous with a girl he’d met online, and likewise did not return from it. They had passed so and so being pulled over for speeding and this person was never seen again. In time, those who were still around became so paranoid they went into town to stockpile groceries and otherwise seldom left the house.
But these are tiny northern towns in obscure states where such atrocities have largely already transpired. The trick was to locate where the responsible parties were heading to next – these men were not ghosts, they had bases of operation somewhere, they could be found. Heading more or less due south through the Dakotas, they encountered one abandoned town after another after another. Stretches of interstate are functional, but then other, more important chunks of it are fenced off and cratered as Tracy had earlier witnessed. Finally, they do manage to worm their way vaguely east, connecting with I-29 about halfway down the Iowa border. Along as succession of towns dotting this highway, they play the role of fearmongers, and are taken serious by exactly no one.
Standing on street corners accosting people makes them look about as ridiculous as doomsday religious zealots. Tracy becomes so distraught that she breaks down and calls home for the first time, reaching her dad on the seventh ring. A sobbing rendition of her experience follows, along with a frantic plea that her parents and Scott ignore all mysterious phone calls which may come their way, that if pulled over to make sure a squadron of attorneys is summoned before they ever step out of their car. To which her father has absolutely nothing intelligent to say at all. He has only grim pronouncements that these are the end times prophesied in Revelations and that she should return to Middlefork. 
At wit’s end, unsure of when these still thriving cities might actually find themselves targeted, they again move west. And as with those random Dr. Logan sightings, for instance, that will transpire in the months to follow back east, without any warning they are cruising along a piece of long flat country asphalt, they top one rare bump of a hill and just like that they are knee deep in a scene that takes their breath away. Bumper to bumper cars stretching clear back to the eastern horizon and beyond, turning into this barbed wire bordered compound that was either once a prison or had been distinctly designed to look like one. 
In Tracy’s mind, the images that greet them are nightmarish and surreal as they slowly creep past this endless parade of vehicles, the only one that is moving away from the compound, west. But in reality there is nothing out of the ordinary about the faces in these vehicles outside of the circumstances that have led them here – smiling for the most part, uniformly placid. Patiently awaiting the riches or whatever other sweet reward it is they’ve been promised on the other side, and surely lulled into a sense of comfort by the sheer volume of traffic headed in the same direction. The popularity of this golden prize.
The town from which this six mile line is streaming turns out to be Clendon, Nebraska, population 68,000 plus not so long ago. They take a room on the fifth floor of a neat old hotel in the genteel downtown, requesting specifically that it overlook the main drag below. With binoculars they work shifts watching the street, they are out on foot combing for clues, asking questions at the bar. This time around it had been the promise of a huge, one time only lifetime tax rebate that was luring them to their demise. But the locals suspect nothing, the papers are saying that owing to the long lines and processing delays that it was not unusual to expect a five to seven day wait. Cots were set up on site, employers instructed to make do without their workers as the tax agency works through Clendon’s alphabet. Cell phone service had been curiously godawful for days now, and still none of these knuckleheads feels that anything is awry.
Soldiers troll the streets of this town, discreetly at first, but much more predominant as time advances and Clendon becomes less and less occupied. Initially they are visible only to the trained eye, with their crew cuts and their body language, as only over time do they risk the standard issue uniform, the jeeps emblazoned with some vague military logo. Sitting upstairs with more or less their entire twenty person crew – two or three are wandering around town, and another pair, David and Rebecca, came up missing weeks ago, were presumed to have been snared by whatever this was – they are drinking beer and smoking cigarettes, and thank god for these meager delights because everything illegal more or less dried up once their odyssey began, but they are sitting up in there in a cloud of smoke calmly debating some plan of attack. Tracy makes some offhand joke about possibly fucking the head honcho’s brains out until he coughs up everything he knew.
She has no sooner said this does a flurry of interconnected ideas flood her head, and she knows immediately what must be done. It all makes perfect sense – risky as hell, but their best and possibly only way in. Soon enough she and Valerie and Alice, Tina and Karen and Bethany, they are around town on a shopping rampage. Geared up with enough cash from the places they’ve looted in their travels to purchase what is needed, though this too is becoming increasingly unnecessary as many shop owners are gone.
For her own disguise Tracy favors a lengthy ash blonde wig, a black leather skirt, a garish shade of red lipstick last worn by serious folk in the 1980s, three inch suede leopard spotted heels, and giant purple sunglasses on par with something Elton John might have once rocked the piano in. The other girls are all wearing some variation of a similar theme, a getup equal parts kitschy, sexy, and obnoxious, but at any rate worthy of the sidewalk. By nightfall they are out there a few blocks apart, in two blocks of three and working the street. 
This was easily the most disgusting thing Tracy had ever done, and it drags on for a number of weary nights before she or anyone else hit paydirt. Fortunately there are relatively few takers, and the johns she does pick up – in the name of believability, in case anyone is watching – are soon informed, after she climbs into the car with them, that she’s available for handjobs only. These men are mostly more sad than nasty, and she whiles away the minutes looking away, thinking of something else. She charges them next to nothing. If the only girls wanted to get a little deeper into their roles, so to speak, that was totally upon them, but Tracy wasn’t going there until she hooked a soldier.
His name is Roger Duncan, an ordinary name because all of the soldiers have ordinary names. Beard and skull stubble both blonde and of a thickness so slight they are almost glistening, Roger is blue eyed and blandly attractive, has the shape and build a young cadet should, but possesses almost no observable personality whatsoever. When he scoops her up for the first time he says not a word from the street corner she’s working to the commandeered motel, two and a half miles northwest of town, where the soldiers all have keys and claim as base of operations for enemy, ahem, invasion. Not that Roger ever says anything even half this somewhat clever.
To avoid a conflict between the carpet and the curtains, she dyed them both the same shade as her wig. At this seedy motel for this initial tryst – and really, all of them, but particularly their maiden encounter – she pulls out every bell and whistle culled from an admittedly somewhat sizeable bedroom experience. Her three year run with Jeffrey aside, she’s not exactly been much in the way of monogamy, and the one tradeoff to having been lusted at around Middlefork with a fervor was that those who succeeded in getting with her usually had something wild in mind. It had been stewing in their minds for years, there were whole elaborate fantasies at work. One such night involved another female, and so would exactly one night with this Roger. 
It only takes a few times before she is his regular escort, he will have no other. And then a matter of two weeks, maybe, before she has him in her clutches completely. She can feel the tension struggling within him, the urge to tell her everything in those sweaty moments as they lay side by side following intercourse. Tracy always charges him, though progressively these encounters became less and less tied to ending at a specific time and he reveals ever more of himself. She, she is always in character, forever in character, and will give him not an inch – if this was also coincidentally the distance she needs to keep to prevent losing sight of her focus and her sanity, then so be it. She has a job to do here.
Eventually he cannot resist playing the whole shining knight in armor bit or whatever, and insists she take up permanent residence in one of the rooms. Strictly a hush hush arrangement, of course, but the other soldiers coming here with girls all knew anyway and many were doing the same. Roger will bring her food, Roger gives her beer and has her fixed up with cable at a time that the last ten percent of residents or so in Clendon are all having inexplicable trouble with theirs, and have to report in person to this one particular office building on the outskirts of town to complain. 
He has by this point coached Tracy repeatedly on what not to do or say, without ever coming out and explaining directly why. Days before this operation would end and these soldiers were moving onto the next one, to the town of Mumphro twelve miles southwest, he comes to her with uncharacteristic enthusiasm, suggesting she follow him to the next town and they sort of discreetly get their own apartment together. He is simply not that imaginative, it has clearly just occurred to him, finally. Then again in all fairness to the boy – she thinks of him as a boy even though they are roughly the same age – she was fucking his lights out daily, as she had from the word go, it was no wonder he couldn’t think straight.
Mumphro is at long last where everything clicks. His idea of their having a discreet place together proves no more than a polite fiction, for it’s no different in principle than their motel room at the last place, only roomier, and featuring a backyard. But Roger’s fantasy of an erstwhile domestic scene is just that, for the freedom the soldiers had enjoyed wandering the streets in Clandon is effectively curtailed. Here a more typical barracks situation is in place, and everything about the operation ratchets up a notch or two in gravity. This being a centralized outpost of significance, for instance, the soldiers are expected to remain on base. Tracy bides her time, knowing it’s only an eventuality that Duncan has the bright idea of sneaking her onto the fort – hooking up just once a week would surely not suffice for him.
And so it is during his customary Sunday furlough that, after again knocking his socks off in the place he’d rented for her – a place that Anthony and the others knew of but had not visited, per her insistence, as she prefers, to retain a walled garden of secrecy, driving back instead to Clendon if meeting with them, in the hotel room they continue to occupy – that he proposes sneaking her in. She knew he would, and was ready. Packed among her things is a perfect olive green uniform taken from a soldier the others had offed specifically for this purpose. Under serious scrutiny her ruse would probably not hold water, but she is the only one of the girls who‘s gotten this far with her target and they have no recourse but to run with this opening.
As long as one keeps moving and looks as though she knows what she is doing, nobody ever asks any questions. This assuming, of course, she is spotted in plain sight, which Tracy makes a concerted effort not to be. By day when Roger is away doing whatever duty forces him to, the understanding is that she will just hang out at his crappy little base living quarters and watch tv. One Sunday he does drive her out into the country and teach her the ins and outs of handling firearms, the others he’s slipping her back out of the compound to play trophy girlfriend or whatever as he has drinks with his jackass friends at a local sports bar. After a couple drinks it proves near impossible some nights to remain in character, to keep from losing her cool and doing something dumb.
With a green Fidel Castro cap on and meanwhile the wig, the makeup, the entire ridiculous hookup costume history, though, she feels as a ghost meandering at will around the compound. Roger’s days are so rigid that there is no chance of him stumbling upon her, really – he’s just some glorified guard in a tower as far as she could tell – nor in coming back to the barracks early to find her absent.
The trickiest part was gaining access to the grounds and looking the part. Beyond that, if determined enough, a person could burrow her way into just about any spot, garner whatever information necessary. Tracy considers it analogous to life with a cheating spouse, the particulars of subterfuge and initial suspicion itself only occurs to someone who has cheated himself; the bureaucrats are not that imaginative and thus had no clue what a saboteur might be up to. Ronald Reagan of all people had it right, the sharpest minds would not be found in government.
And the atrocities she encounters here – well, it’s no Holocaust, perhaps, but it isn’t far removed, either. A smidgen more humane maybe, by way of their quick elimination before the targets even know what’s coming. More low key in that the locations are isolated and remote. Yet these crimes, while certainly heinous, are not the most shocking events she uncovers during her stint here.
Weird experiments transpire in this one courtyard off the southern wing of the facility. Men are taking these slender metal pieces they’d been giving and were throwing them as far as they can, then instantly materializing – pow – wherever it lands, an instant shift to that spot. A trial in its alpha stages that they are obviously hoping might play larger in military theatres to come. Elsewhere, what might be called intelligent holograms for lack of a better word are also being tested – better than a satellite or a planted camera in that it never required an actual presence at a site to set it up, nor a launch to send it there. Even in an era of exact GPS coordinates, there is still plenty that cannot be viewed from space, mostly indoors, but these holograms, further along and much more functional than the teleportation trials are, neatly solve that dilemma. The favored projection is of an agent in a business suit. The only difference between this and an actual human, apart from the obvious, is that wherever they sent it remotely to, the hologram enjoys 360 degree vision, and much better eyesight at that, much more detailed.
Based on what she’d seen with her own limited 20/20 eyes, both in getting here and upon arrival, coupled with what she was hearing from Anthony and the others before Roger brought her in here and she lost all contact, is that people were rustled up at random by any means necessary to these locations where they are soon made extinct. Tracy and her posse had not been able to find any patterns because there were none. Military persons, politicians, corporate bigwigs, and certain high ranking celebrities were spared long before the fact, and once these figures were briefed and made safe, these grand announcements and media takeovers had merely been the most efficient way to rustle up masses of nobodies in the shortest time frame possible. At some later juncture, street sweepings of a sort were enacted to further cull all stragglers and then men were sent house to house, collecting all documents they could get their hands on, which were then sent to separate locations for processing – birth certificates, bank statements, family photos, you name it. 
The only lingering question remaining that she can’t quite put her finger on is to ask: why? The casual manner in which future military applications were being tried out leads her to believe that the situation is confined to America alone, that this country still entertains hopes of wars to wage against others, it isn’t a worldwide conspiracy. But who knew? To that end, her efforts at solving this riddle finally steers her to the absolute top dog of this operation’s office one day, a gruff, salt and peppered old warhorse named Sewell who still has the harshness thing down but had lost his marbles when it came to actual military function and thus wound up here, directing this madness. He likes to stand at his open window smoking and peering out at the experiments in a yard some fifteen hundred feet across the field, and as he slips out of that office this particular afternoon she slides in from the perimeter, via this still open window.
Tracy scoops up every folder and every document she can find, slings them into a knapsack she’d brought along for just such a purpose. She’s so wrapped up in the matter at hand, which surely could not have taken her more than a couple of minutes, that she does not hear him pad back into the carpeted room with that stupid nursing home shuffle of his. A heartbeat or two of shocked glances meeting ensued, and then she drops him where he stands. Two quick shots to the chest from across the room, and then she closes in on him and fires one more bullet directly into his brain. In all their exploits these past couple of months, their travels and their acts of war, it marks the first time she’s actually personally killed someone. She has this insane urge to stand still, staring down at the body, but eventually breaks free of this trances and realizes that time does not permit this.
Out the window again and racing across the compound with some combination of stealth and urgency. Alarms are sounding, which she ties directly to her taking out Sewell. She barges into the standalone building on residential row that she and Roger have been sharing, and is stunned slack jawed for the second time in maybe a quarter of an hour. Duncan is standing in the middle of the room with a pistol in his right hand, picking up one discarding disguise article after another of hers with his left and examining each with a befuddled, wounded expression. 
He has never come home before at this hour but he is here now. Despite her rationalizations of a bulletproof plan she supposes this was inevitable. By sheer coincidence, right around the moment she was blasting Sewell, there had been some mass freakout – rare, but it happened – when a number of the sheep so gathered here for slaughter realized what was up and made a run for it. Roger is called out along with every other soldier on site, to fire away at these insurrectionists, as they ran for the fences, until every last escapee was toast. Tracy just realizes now that he has tears streaming down his eyes. In the melee that ensued with the jailbreak, all he could think of was her, and he slipped away from his post.
“Where are the fucking jeep keys,” she demands, moving past him to grab another backpack, this one of personal effects that actually mattered and belonged to her.
“I’m coming with you,” he simply states, “I want out.”
“Like hell,” she snickers
“Oh yes,” he assures her.
“I SAID WHERE ARE THE FUCKING KEYS!” She screams now in his face.
“And I said,” Roger says calmly, staring her down. He reaches up and cocks his pistol, and it suddenly dawns on Tracy that she has never seen him resolute or forceful before in any manner, but that he is suddenly composed and one hundred percent business now, as he adds, “that I am coming with you.”
She considers for a moment, spits out, “fine,” and storms through the front door, out to the small, sandy front yard of sorts where they keep their vehicle parked. And then with Roger at the wheel, Tracy is laying across the floor of the backseat just like every Sunday night when they return here, the only difference being the timing and the motive for doing so now. Conveniently for her at the moment, it’s also a hell of a lot safer.
Roger makes it all the way to the gate without raising any eyebrows, because of his identity, and by the time they realize he’s up to something, he has smashed clean through it. Tracy screams directives now that he drive them to that hotel in Clendon, where her people are, which he finally agrees to do after again and again voicing his objections. They make it there only to find the entire building a smoldering, bombed out shell. Tracy had by this point jumped up into the passenger’s seat, and she began weeping openly in both hands as Roger slowly creeps away.
The rest is an aimless blur. They drive half the way to Ohio it seems without either of them saying a word. They pull over and pay a clueless cashier at a chain hotel somewhere in the middle of Illinois to rest the dead weight of their bones. Neither bothers mentioning the impending doom soon to sweep this way because nobody will believe them anyway. Initially, Tracy has every intent of going back to Middlefork and trying to salvage as many souls as she can. But after a good night’s rest, by morning light she is seeing things much differently. She’s had time to process all that had happened since her trip to Michigan some nine months earlier, and realizes she does not wish to see anyone back there in her old home time, family included, she couldn’t bear to look at their stupid fucking faces. 
The papers she’d risked everything for in swiping them from Sewell prove essentially worthless. Boring memos about routine internal affairs, the schedule for events that had already played out by the time she is able to read about them here. When the inevitable arrives weeks later and the local television stations of Wellerton, Illinois begin broadcasting the unfortunate news that the entire state will outlaw cigarettes September 1st, which the exception of three select distribution centers, she and Roger do nothing. They spend their days in a catatonic stupor, though eventually settling into a quaint Cape Cod style home on the outskirts of this ridiculous Norman Rockwell town. Safe to say, she does not bother with the blonde wig or any other exposed pretext – they are in actuality a couple now.
By mid-winter the agents have already set up shop, wiped out this and presumably every town in its immediate radius, and moved onward to points east. Though initially skittish about the prospects of so many of his fellow soldiers operating in this region, it becomes clear soon enough that Roger has nothing to worry about, as this is a numbers game; they do as much damage as they can in the shortest time frame possible and keep moving, it’s all strictly anonymous, with the details of who might be left only sorted out by another bureaucratic arm at a later date. Spring appears, and Tracy plants a garden.
A fucking garden. How pathetic is this? While Roger mostly spends his afternoons sitting on their cement front stoop, drinking beer and staring at absolutely nothing but the remains of corn fields across the street, having loaded up the twenty disc changer with the day’s mixtape of music, she ties her hair off into shoulder length pigtails and dug away on her hands and knees. As far as anyone can tell, there are exactly five people left now in Wellerton, themselves included – the others being a cheesy yet jovial middle aged couple who walked around town like tourists munching on pork rinds and letting their dogs run free as if nothing had ever happened, this sweet eighty-something year old lady who is always bringing photo albums of her family over and breaking down in sobs on a semi-nightly basis – but this fragile shell of companionship only seems to heighten their isolation. 
In this almost clinical study of Midwestern hell, this cauldron of nothingness, she supposes a breakdown is inevitable, and yet it never materializes, unless a moment of weakness wishing for her own loved ones somehow counts. Tracy would not later have been able to describe it in any rational manner. One moment she is wondering about that bombed out hotel they left behind in Nebraska, if every single soul shacked up there with their makeshift militia is truly now dead. Absently she thinks of these people, and her eyes drifted up to the backside of this house they had claimed – she and Roger had taken the family photos of its prior inhabitants down and stuffed them in a hall closet, and knew nothing about whoever these people might have been – and for some reason, the way the tiny sliver of isolated roof skirts the second floor windows, it reminded her of Scott’s bedroom, how he and James used to climb out onto the roof there and hang out for hours in the summertime, smoking and listening to the radio, how in time she came of age and joined them.
And just like that, her mouth droops and then her tiny handheld shovel, she knows she has to get back. Once the thought strikes home, it hits like a panic attack, as she whisks Roger into the car and they are dancing across the asphalt back to Ohio.
Though gone from Middlefork for almost a year, time passed slower in small towns and thus it was effectively only a week. If that – nothing had changed here, with the obvious glaring exception of all the people that were missing. Tracy, who is behind the wheel nonstop from their home in Wellerton to here, fights a profound urge to dick around in the deserted downtown just to delay the inevitable. But eventually the last bend must be rounded, and so they twist at right angles, through these abandoned streets, past the sagging Victorian and Tudor homes, the wind scrubbed ranches, which were sad enough when this industrial ghost town was half populated, unspeakably more so now. In a matter of minutes they are idling, then parked, at the curb in front of Tracy’s Tans and the beauty shop. She isn’t quite sure what to expect, half believing, despite a  complete absence of human activity upon entering corporation limits - not to mention the endless flat countryside of Indiana and western Ohio, leading here - that her parents and brother were precisely the right kind of damaged antisocial who might have some prayer of remaining alive through this. All rational thought indicates it’s far too unlikely a thought to truly embrace, and she’s muttering this micro mantra repeatedly to herself, both internally and ex, up to and including her every-other-step jump up to the wooden wraparound front porch, breezing through the house and calling out names. But dread becomes panic soon turns into grief, for despite whatever pep talks one delivers to oneself, it’s impossible not to cradle this belief, that somehow, half a country away, her closest family members were just as clever and nimble as she. Meeting Roger on the way out, as he’d remained behind, pacing in a stupor around the small, shady hill of front lawn, Tracy crashes into him now on the rickety wooden steps leading down from her family’s front porch, and he braces himself against the corner support beam with one hand, holders her upright with the other as she sobs.
Then as, too frayed to handle the driving any longer, she directs Roger the handful of miles north to the lake, representing about the last dead end road of semi-rational ideas she has, a final grasp, Tracy is slumped in her seat and half catatonic when a flurry of lights catches her attention. They never actually make it as far as Spent Wick. After not seeing another set of headlights - whether in daylight or, as they are now, fully lit with the onset of night - since somewhere near the Hoosier State border, to spot now a good half dozen in one tiny subdivision, just off the highway, as well as a single twirling red and blue bank of police lights, it’s odd to say the least. 
Roger hits the brakes at first, though Tracy immediately changes her mind and instructs him to cruise a little further up the road, before they turn around and head back into Middlefork. Here, she smashes out the plate glass window of a hunting supply store across the street from Haines Grocery, institutions that have gone black and silent after decades of continuous service, no longer a going concern for any living soul though the power still functions in this town. She snatches a good set of binoculars, then another for Roger, as they climb back inside this mausoleum on wheels, itself nearly without interior light or sound, joylessly whirring through the wilderness.
They creep into a random driveway a couple of curves and some half mile away from the hive of observed activity. On foot, the two of them make their way as close as they dare, breaking into a brick two bedroom near this newer development, situated on the state route but with its back facing all these other houses. As they stand at the sliding glass doors of this creepily still dining room, though, dialing in the focus of these observational instruments fails to deliver any noteworthy information and, she overriding his concerns and he finding the nerve somehow to quell his own fears as well as her insistence he can stand where is or leave for all she fucking cares, in tandem they are soon crunching through the flat, unembellished backyard, then a chaotic, overgrown field, finally connecting with the rear lawns inside this subdivision. Risking no closer a look than the edge of these, where the weeds bleed into grass, Tracy and Roger drop to their bellies and try to figure out this scene.
The swirling set of red and blues belong to a panel van, just one, situated at a slant near the entrance so as to prevent all efforts to access or exit this subdivision. Meanwhile, numerous cruisers work the streets within. Always in tandem, officers approach these houses, systematically knocking on every door and, failing to receive a response at some, occasionally - but not always - consulting some paperwork on a clipboard before returning to kick in the front door. By her count, as the land sort of falls away into a miniature valley from where they lay, Tracy can personally rack up a tally of nearly a couple hundred homes back here, and she witnesses at least thirty individuals being led to the backseat of a cruiser, then driven the short distance to that waiting van, at which time these pitiable lambs are corralled into its open back doors and disappear.
Quite literally, this. Tracy considers herself pretty swift under normal circumstances, and yet it’s only after about the fifteenth time she wordlessly views the same horrifying sequence of these people leaving their homes without protest, in the company of these uniformed henchmen, dropping what appears to be their wallets and purses into a gigantic trash bag proffered by one of them, as these folks then willingly self-complete the sentencing of their theoretical crime, up until the moment they are led into the slamming one way doors of that van, that it finally occurs to her: wait a second. No way a couple dozen people are cramming into that tiny space. Shortly after arriving at this insight, she and Roger both observe that each of these instances are followed by a just barely perceptible flash of bright white light, through the minute crevices of these doors. 
They are so absorbed by this chain of events that those at the forefront become invisible to them. Without realizing that such an individual is even in their midst, nor how their own presence became known, a flashlight sweeping in their general vicinity swivels attention to an officer standing in between the nearest two homes, seeking to root them out. Maybe one of the captured homeowners mentioned seeing them back here, it’s impossible to say. Turning to one another with a sudden, wide eyed jolt, Tracy and Roger leap to their feet and take off back the way they came.
Reaching their vehicle intact seems a minor miracle to Tracy, until she pauses to consider that, even if clued in to their prying eyeballs in that field, these cops were not gods and could not possibly know their identities, nor from which direction the two of them arrived. At this moment, however, this bit of wisdom seems a painfully dismal and useless nugget. While Roger glides in maddening silence southeast through the countryside, Tracy screams and smashes holes in the plastic dashboard. She’s probing every angle imaginable to obtain any reaction whatsoever from this mute freak, but no, he absorbs it all without a word. She curses every motherfucker who’d ever crossed her, real or otherwise, she hisses venom at invisible demons. Whichever parties are responsible for this, they will suffer horrible, fiery deaths.
If pressed, Tracy would never fully be able to explain her shucking and jiving of James three days later. Everything had happened so fast during the space of that encounter - seeing not a soul, well, seeing handfuls, but speaking to none, as she and Roger wished only to be left alone as they mentally sorted out the murky present and far from guaranteed future, she had been seated at the cash register, idly daydreaming, perhaps even fantasizing a little bit that things were normal and she was entertaining an actual paying customer, when James literally appeared out of nowhere, crashing onto the scene like he owned the place. The sounds of his footsteps pounding the wood of that front porch arrived too swiftly to even act. 
Roger actually was, funnily enough, tanning himself at that moment. Abject boredom drew them into the strangest corridors. But she hadn’t seen her parents or Scott since returning, and when she and Roger shopped for groceries, they haunted this always obscure - and now a hundredfold more - convenience slash gas emporium on the southeast fringe of town. She had no interest for rehashing war stories with, like, the half dozen local survivors over hot chocolate heated up in a 7-11 microwave. At a time when her quote unquote man was beginning to feel vaguely like flotsam in need of a jettison, she didn’t need this other dude, lifelong family friend or not, becoming some other sort of baggage scenario. So she made up some shit and got rid of him. Jonesing for a smoke, because these had been depleted locally, she inhaled a couple with James and borrowed some more, before he was on his merry way. 
And by nightfall, taking this as a sign they need to keep moving, soon enough she and Roger are on theirs, as well. The riddle of trying to punch their way through the center of Ohio soon absorbs both of their attentions, however. Every promising highway eventually runs headlong into barbed wire and roadblocks, huge craters in the earth, to the extent that they flipped around running almost precisely southwest now, not at all the direction they intended. Somehow through all these twists and turns they end up crawling into a town called Sparksville, in the rural lower third of the state, and it’s immediately apparent that this village shares little with all the others they come across for mile after haunted mile, months in fact, ever since they first rolled into Wellerton last fall: a college hamlet, there are a good hundred people gathered on the lawn here, rapt before the bespectacled, middle aged orator. Miked to the nines, he stands at a podium as they pull up across the expansive lawn from him, cruising to a halt at the curb. Tracy could have sworn his eyes swam through the crowd to register them behind it, but if so he never misses a beat.
“Holy shit! We have to go!” Roger swoons, grinning over at her in the jeep like a seven year old on Christmas morning. For a split second, it occurs to Tracy to wonder at her fate in life that this idiot beside her might be the last man standing – kind and sweet, but definitely simple, and as dull as they came – but the thought passes, as her mind shifts onto more immediate concerns.
“Hold up,” she says, and places her hand on Roger’s arm as he’s fumbling with the door, “I wanna hear what this dude’s blathering about.”
“…and so I put it to you this way, and I want you to think about it real hard. Do you think for a second that they’ve figured out ways to send men to the moon, even, Christ, Mars if we wanted to now, and yet, what? It’s daylight now but tonight I want you to take a hard look at the sky, and think about those stars, and that it would take thousands of years to reach just the ones that we can see. But they’ve got satellites sending us back pictures from them, and ones beyond them, ones we can’t even spot with the naked eye, and I want you to ask yourself: how is this possible?...”
“So what do you think?” Roger asks, his eyes darting around the lawn as he struggled to take everything in. He strives to be cool, but Tracy can tell it’s killing him not to jump out of this jeep.
“I think…,” she groans, “something’s not right here. We need to move on.”
“But…,” is all the protest he can manage, mouth agape as he turns to her.
“Go,” she nods at the street ahead, “now. I have an idea how to deal with this fuckhead.”
“Fuckhead? But this guy didn’t even…”
“My instincts are like razors at this point,” she says, “I’m just never wrong about these things anymore.”
They backtrack ten miles to the last time they’d rolled through before Sparksville, Delywn. In the heat of the moment the two of them had barreled out of that compound in Nebraska with only Roger’s pistol by way of a firearm, and that wasn’t going to cut it. Neither of them had encountered any use for one in all the time since, but in Delwyn, they breeze through a pawn shop on the main drag that Tracy recalls passing – benign speakers on college campuses do not have a need for three armed guards flanking them from every angle, nor do they enjoy immunity of the sort that apparently allowed this man to stick around and attract a crowd. You could only call it instinct up to a point, when mostly it was common observational sense.
Only problem is, however, that they can’t find any guns. The pawn shops have all been picked clean. Unless a couple crazy old coots were holed up somewhere with every last weapon in the county, this systematic disarmament had gone part and parcel with the rest of the government’s surreal master plan. For thirty miles, forty miles they roam, town to town, they split up and walk house to house, even, for a short spell, before throwing in the towel. Out of breath and sweating with exertion, they stand in the middle of an elm lined street in the improbably named Oakdale and decide – actually sharing a moment and chuckling as this is determined – that they will just drive by and chuck Molotov cocktails at the guy.
Night has nearly fallen as of the moment she and Roger return to Sparksville. Tracy is crouched riding in the back, loaded up and ready with these gasoline stuffed bottles. And yet as they blaze past, the lawn is completely deserted outside of the podium where that crackpot had been standing, and a few stray pieces of trash strewn by the surprisingly orderly crowd. Nearby, however, one giant building of the college is bearing light through every window, thereby illuminating their next clear course of action as well. Roger parks and they approach, hand in hand, and maybe it was better this way – the pistol well concealed and he a good shot.
The stench they encounter in this cafeteria is ungodly. Vomit piled atop vomit, most dead, a few still staggering around and crawling on the floor. She remembers shaking one tall dark haired guy with a moustache who looked oddly familiar and asking him what the hell happened, as Roger withdraws his gun and jumped out of his skin every time someone groaned. Clutching his stomach this man mutters something unintelligible and stumbled out the way they had come.
She leads the way to the kitchen, finding it completely deserted. They exchange horrified glances, as Tracy claws at her cheeks and screamed. No perceptible end in sight to this madness, she actually lurches at Roger’s gun with the single minded intent of blowing her own brains out; to his credit, whether recognizing her true aim or fearing for his own life, Roger wrestles her mightily for possession of the weapon, then smacks her once across her scratched up face. 
They pace around that kitchen, afraid to touch anything. Both are sobbing openly at this point. But then Tracy spies a few unopened bottles of cooking sherry, and figuring these safe enough – and caring little if they are not – she pops a pair of them open, handed one to Roger, and they start walking. He takes the third bottle along for good measure. 
This shit is nasty but it does the trick. A spring night in Ohio could be anything, and this one has turned out somewhat balmy with a hint of fog, the dew cold upon their soon soaked shoes as they walk the deserted campus. Once the body buzz kicks in the situation seems manageable. And then they are sitting at the end of one hall telling their life stories, and then she sees Scott. 
Initially she assumes it a hallucination, either that or she too has somehow been poisoned. Both thoughts are all the more confirmed when she realizes that, in this doozy of a vision, he is accompanied by Eric goddamn Green, in other words the jolly alcoholic she’d briefly dated who, by comparison, made her own tolerance for drink seem an inconsequential thimbleful.
Tracy doesn’t know how to respond. They don’t call out to her, which heightens her panic – for this is the other thought playing out during this sensation swamped moment, that somehow these illusions are part of some elaborate setup, the same that led to those others’ deaths. She doesn’t know how to respond, and Roger is looking at these people at the end of the hall, who are squinting, who apparently cannot see her as well as she sees them, possibly owing to the light’s glare where they sit, and Roger is about to say something, and she gets up and runs. A couple measures behind her, she can hear the sound of his feet picking up and moving.
He’s calling her name but she never stops running, she is past the track and the football field, beyond the edges of the college and into some vague, pitch black reach of neighborhood before her smoker’s lung is overcome by his army regimen physicality, and he pulls up even with her. Continually Roger asks her what is wrong, but she won’t answer, she peppers him with questions instead as to what he’s seen, to confirm that she was not losing her mind back there. 
Roger provides a description that basically matches hers, and yet she begins to believe that, even so, those people back there were not familiar to her at all, that her overworked mind had only fleshed out their features to make that imaginary connection. Then, in her suddenly paranoid state, she reasons that if by chance those people were known commodities, that they could have very well been recruited and sent here to find her. 
Nothing will resolve this, now, except creeping back over in that direction and having a look to confirm. So that’s precisely what they do, and this is where they are, peeking around corners of buildings over by the university lawn, when this jeep rolls up containing James freaking Scott and two other men she does not recognize. Then her brother and Eric and a couple other chicks that were surely from Middlefork, all come running out from some other vehicle to join them. Tracy can’t get close enough to hear what they are talking about, and she can think of no way to follow them by vehicle without being spotted, and soon enough, they are gone.
In their absence she feels as if someone has belted her in the stomach. Able to think a little more clearly as days progress, she realizes that they were not following her. She had blown it, she had no way of tracking them down now. With sunken hearts she and Roger settle for the night into a split level back over in that neighborhood that she’d ran to earlier. Creeped out as always by the pictures on the wall and the ghost-like presence of the lives her that had suddenly been abandoned. After knocking off a few more bottles of surprisingly decent wine she procures by going door to door down the street, kitchen to kitchen, until hitting the jackpot seven or eight homes in, after downing these they are finally weary enough to sleep. Or she is, anyway.
One single report of gunshot startles her awake, and for a moment she just lays there. Roger is not in bed, which means he’s probably in the backyard testing out his guns or something. She feels surprisingly refreshed despite the drinking and the crying, the mental drain and physical exertion of everything they’d been through the night before. The sun is shining and birds chirping beyond the bedroom window, this digital clock on the bedside table – one of the few processes from before that seems to still function correctly, timekeeping – reads slightly after eleven. She springs from the bed and strolls over to the window, flings it open, inhales deeply and allows herself a smile. But when a second gunshot fails to sound out, dread sinks in and she begins to panic, suddenly wondering if that wasn’t Roger at all, if something has become of him. 
With relief she notes that the bathroom light is on, down the hallway off of the kitchen, that the door is partially closed. She nearly strolls past the giant oval table en route to the bathroom without even noticing the four page note lying there. Picking it up, her heart plunges into her stomach and she is soon acutely aware that this day will not be any better than the others. An emotional Dear John style letter written by her dedicated lover, it recounts the brighter points of their history together and what she had meant to him, before concluding that he could not go on with this anymore – and then urging her not to come into the bathroom.
Roger had to have known she could not resist looking. Why couldn’t this asshole have gone off into the woods or something? She finds him sprawled lifeless in the bathtub with his brains splattered against the wall, a hole under his chin from the solitary gunshot that takes him from this world. Finding him here, she swoons a caterwauling groan, she picks up the bloody pistol and paces around, bawling her eyes out all over again. Three hours Tracy eats up in this manner, muttering to herself that any minute now she is going to do it, she is going to join him, she cannot suffer any more of this misery, either. 
But eventually Tracy recognizes that she doesn’t have it in her, that she never would. Curiosity can’t eat at you if you are dead, she supposes, but what if those mindless Sunday morning morons were right all those years, what if you were cognizant on a whole different level after exiting this plane. What then? Float through the ether and forever wonder at the manner in which this had all played out? Or maybe you were a sentient being and could find the answers to any question you’d ever had, but at that point were unable to enact upon this information down here in the solid and quotidian material world. Aside from all that, if you truly became worm food, why allow her adversaries the satisfaction of believing they had won?
Fuck that. These people were not getting the best of her.
Surprising even herself with her resourcefulness, she tracks down her brother and the others a scant five days later. Granted, with the blocked off roads and a general hunch of which direction they are moving, this is probably not the difficult task that it would on the surface appear. She is spying on a strange ship slowly crawling down the river near the Ohio-West Virginia border, standing atop the wooded cliffs there, when a white van speeding around a curve of road maybe a quarter mile off catches her eye – down on flatter land, across the river – and zeroing in her heart nearly leaps from its chest to find the familiar Marty’s Carpets legend emblazoned across its flank. 
Well, these chuckleheads are clearly not as slick as they believe, for any agency, government or otherwise, that paid even the scantest of attentions would immediately pick up on their presence. Then again, despite the massive sweeping arm of reduction that wiped out so many, these measures haven’t claimed all, and there are still cars roaming the streets here and there. If they haven’t struck yet, no one would have had any reason to suspect this Steve Driscoll character of leading some rogue military force – few others, if any, are trifling with even a half assed attack, after all. Tracy hangs out in the closest little village, and it isn’t long before she spots that familiar van blazing past, before she tracks them down to the bed and breakfast in the country.
She is on the premises, at the edge of the woods, listening to their conversation the night they were all getting drunk around a bonfire and Steve chews them a new one. So badly Tracy wishes to stroll out into the open and announce herself, but something akin to stage fright holds her back. In retrospect, she could not say why she would have been overcome with this sudden timidity. Then again, for all she knew she could have taken one step into the light of that fire, and they would have opened up with fire of a whole different sort upon her. Despite their frivolity, everyone is on edge, and additionally, Scott is not even around at that moment to ease her transition in. Truth be known, she harbors still some anger at him and by extension herself, for a litany of reasons, chief among them that she’d always regarded Scott as a bit of a dumbass, and in her smugness, she had been through so much, was a year ahead of the curve in some respects, and what has she accomplished, where has it gotten her? Here, chasing him around for answers. That night, she lays in a crawlspace underneath the house, for a long while, listening to everything, and later to their morning routines in the kitchen. Her sides are splitting by now over much of what Eldorado says – he has a way of inserting tiny phrases into a discussion that nobody else picks up on, during which to be out of the room is probably to a listener’s advantage. 
At Richmond, however, she can not find a way in. She is not privy to what they were working on at that body shop downtown, as Steve has secured the place airtight. True, they are constantly stumbling upon people here and there to recruit – and even this was fairly idiotic, for even if these folks are competent, which many clearly aren’t, knowing you can trust them is another matter entirely - Tracy would characterize her attitude at this time as curious but determined to prove that she has better ideas than they. 
She notices that there is this diner just a few building fronts up the street from that dock, where the officers have a couple cooks employed serving grub up at three select times a day. How Steve never picks up on this or, if he does, is never interested in acting upon this fragment of information she can’t really say. Then again, those whose eyes are colored by blood will see it everywhere. This was probably the only angle from which he was capable of thinking: arranging the troops for an inevitable confrontation. But the officers like having a few square meals a day at this diner, in all likelihood because of the continuity it provides with the kind of life they had known before, the kitschy nostalgia of it, but also as a chance to get off that damn boat.
Tracy is flopping in a hostel on the east side of town, alone. Her plan is to wake up in the morning, wearing the officer’s uniform she has not employed once since deserting that base in Nebraska, and stroll into that diner like she belongs. Stretched out on her stomach in bed, the orange street lights her only illumination spilling into this giant fifth floor space she claims, Tracy is mulling over what she plans to do come daybreak, when the night opens up with round after round of automatic gunfire, interspersed with single shots here and there.
She leaps to her feet and runs down five flights of stairs to the street, stands panting for a minute on the sidewalk before determining exactly from which direction the ricocheting reports are issuing. On foot she clings against the side of buildings while creeping sidelong the few blocks over, eventually reaching a point where she can make out some altercation but is unwilling to move any closer. Tracy retreats to the hostel, paces around smoking cigarettes and contemplating what this means. Really, though, she supposes it could not change much. 
Unable to relax she decides to hop onto the motorcycle she’s favored lately – for stress reducing runs through the country only, really, as it made too much noise otherwise - for just that very purpose. Her one true debt to Jeffrey, she supposes, that he’d gotten her into motorcycles. She tears through the countryside for hours, examining what should happen next from all angles. She can’t see from any chain of logic that whatever that bloodbath had been about or how it had ended, that this really changes her plan at all.
She has no intention, at least consciously, of drifting past the scene of the carnage. But upon her entry back into town, a city she is still far from completely familiar with, Tracy rounds one corner and there it is, that bank with all the bodies strewn about. And laying in the middle of the road, incredibly, she’d finds a still barely breathing Eric Green. She pauses her, flipping the kickstand down as the bike idles, for it’s obvious the scene is otherwise lifeless, there are no more troops on the way nor any paramedics, and she holds his dying body in her arms. 
That morning she simply stroll into the café and orders a meal at the counter, as ordinary as could be. Nobody pays her any mind at all. Her impression of these soldiers is that many of them are some experimental combination of the intelligent holograms and actual humans. She strolls onto the barge and disappears within it, she is gone.



“Go! Go! Fucking move, dumbass, go go go!” Tracy is shouting in a quarter turn back to James as they race across some fenced-in stockyard beyond the eastern wing of the building. He’s a few steps behind her, and they are ankle deep in some greyish white ash that probably shares a great deal in common with a similar substance observed blowing out of the barge, the source of which is too grisly for him to contemplate.
“Of course,” she allows, and shifts her glance skyward, “if the helicopter shows up again we’re probably fucked anyway.”
They’ve reached a wooden door with a swiveled block of wood acting as the primitive stopper, chest high. Rather than fumbling with it, Tracy punches her way through with one fluid kung fu kick that barely breaks stride, and James has to wonder how this former ugly duckling and bookworm recluse turned party monster enacted the apparent third phase of her continual transformation, that of the athletic badass.
The two of them are no sooner through that door and the henchmen appear at the other end of the stockyard behind them. Bullets ripping into the fence at their backs, they jump off of the thin lip of the dock, at this distant end of it, aiming for the bank of the river about six feet below and fifteen across. Instead they land in shallow water just shy of it, though finding enough traction to scramble up the bank and slight brush strewn hill into the woods proper without missing a beat.
They fly breakneck in this manner for a good fifteen minutes without looking back, without pause, before coming to the synchronized realization that nobody is following them now and even if somebody was, thrashing about and making noise would be detrimental to the cause. Panting profusely, a touch less in shape than he was not so long ago in his bike riding heyday, James pulls up beside her. 
“Umm…,” she says before he has a chance to speak, “I don’t really feel like doing the whole awkward reunion and oh my god! thing, so….”
“No, that’s cool. Neither do I. Come on, when have you ever known me to act in any quote unquote normal manner.”
“Good point,” Tracy pants, and smiles over at him, her green eyes half magic, half mischief. On a dime she flips into serious mode, however, and asks of him, “but let’s cut the crap. What do you think is happening? Has already happened?”
James draws a sharp intake of breath and pauses a moment before speaking. Even at this late stage he’s coming up empty for any blanket summation that would explain away everything. Rather, he thinks it a cumulative attitudinal sickness, fed by indifference on one end and unchecked power on the other, which forced everything to collapse all at once.
“I just think basically, that our American attitudes finally caught up to us. We don’t know how anything works, and we don’t care to know, thank you very much. So long as they do. Cars, telephones, the internet, cable, fast food, grocery stores, the post office - these better work for us and they better work now, goddammit. But don’t trifle us with the details, we can’t be bothered. Except now we’re in this hole against our so-called representatives, our elected officials, and we don’t have the first clue how to shovel our way out of it.”
“That’s a good theory,” she sighs, “that’s the foundation of it, anyway. But I suspect this thing is higher reaching than we think.”
“Okay,” James says, as they stop and face each other, hands on hips while they take this moment to catch their breaths, “I might not be a fan of trite reunion comments, but I have to ask: what the fuck?”
Tracy chuckles and offers a quick, darting glance up at him, accompanied by a sheepish grin. “What?”
“You know what. How do you…Scott is gonna…”
“Shhh!” she cuts him off with a finger to her lips, a sudden focus back in the direction from which they’ve just arrived, “you hear that?”
James holds his ragged breath to enhance the audio a bit. Some gruff, vaguely familiar voice sounding out hellos, attempting to locate them. He has just placed the voice – and the time it takes him is testament to the mental strain that this roller coaster ordeal has exacted – when a figure strolls into the slight clearing, on the other side of the dip that Tracy and James recently crossed themselves. He has a pistol in one hand, but loosely, aimed at the ground, by appearances more a contingency than anything else. Even so, James doesn’t trust this, the convenience of it. He smells a setup and draws his own: Eldorado.
“No, he’s cool, he’s cool,” Tracy assures James, squashing his gun hand, “trust me.”
“You sure? I…this is all a little too…I mean how many times can he…”
“Trust me.”



“The thing you socialist knuckleheads seem to forget is that people are essentially lazy. What you’re talking about here?” Steve swirls his finger, as if collecting hair from around a sink drain, “they already tried that. The very first colonies here in the new country. And guess what? It doesn’t work!”
“All I’m saying is…,” Donna starts.
“How long do you think it takes before the first genius figures out, hey, I don’t have to work at all, and I get the same food rations as everyone else? Sweet! I sit around on my fat ass eating pork chops till my stomach explodes, while everyone else is out busting their humps, and the village doctor swings by on a house call literally on the house? Awesome! Where the FUCK do I sign up!”
“All I’m SAYING is,” Donna says a little louder, striving to be heard, and actually stands up out of her chair as if carried by the momentum of her words. She is now face to face with Steve, and directly in it, “a few of us have been talking, and we’re gonna reexamine some things. I’m not so sure we’re on the right track anymore.”
Steve smirks, cocky as can be. “Good. And then when you’re all sitting around sick as dogs and starving, because you all thought the other person was going to farm the food and chop the wood and build the houses, here in your precious little village, don’t come bitching to me.”
Thirteen of them stand now in the main building of this park office, the gift shop that has no takers, but they are joined at this moment by one more. Sort of, anyhow – resembling those figures they witnessed distantly in the early days of this odyssey, a suited agent in sunglasses, emanating secrecy and menace without making a sound, materializes just on the edge of their conversation. Everyone, Steve included, either flinches or steps back a step, before everyone realizes it’s just a projection of some sort. 
“What the fuck…,” Steve marvels, walking circles around the image, “this is not good.” He pulls a few more laps around the mirage, slowly, as if a drill sergeant inspecting a cadet’s uniform for creases. “Hey. Hey!” He snaps his fingers to grab everyone’s attention, holds up his index alone now for emphasis, “don’t say another word, got it? Not in here.”



“Seriously, dude, how do you manage? I mean what are the odds…twice?”
“Hmmm mmm mmm,” Eldorado chuckles, “what about your lucky ass? More or less pulled off the same thing twice as well, did you not?”
James rubs at his bare arms and nods, allows, “I suppose so. Of course this just ties into my whole theory about how the same people end up in the same predicaments over and over again. Until they don‘t, that is, as Scott so aptly put it.”
“We are damaged goods,” Tracy notes in a calm, even lilt as she forms a tepee, adding two logs to five others standing atop a pile of kindling and paper.
“Huh?”
“We are damaged goods,” she repeats, looking now at them, “but that’s been key, I think.” When the other two stare at her mutely, she elaborates, “come on, haven’t you noticed? Where are all the truly pure people you have known? They are gone. They didn’t have what it took to deal. Obviously not all of us made it but…take a good look at who’s still around. There is a constant theme here: we’ve all got baggage.”
“Daaaamn,” Eldorado groans in admiration, eyebrows raised, “nice theory. So what’s your damage, sister?”
“Hmmm,” she says, somewhere between a hum and a close mouthed smile, “you name it.”
“Myself, I seem to have a knack for jumping into situations with incomplete information, then adlibbing out of them somehow on the balls of my feet. I always find a way.”
“Until you don’t,” Tracy jokes, and bends over with her lighter, flicking its hammer till the paper takes with flame.
“How is that a weakness anyway, my man? I’d say it was a skill,” Eldorado notes.
“Are you kidding me?” James chuckles with dark disbelief, “that’s my whole point. These cycles repeat themselves over and over and over again. I get myself into dumbass situations, I get myself out of dumbass situations. Repeat. Nothing is ever really learned from it.”
“Yeah but at least you make it out. At least we make it out,” Eldorado says.
“Right but it’s like these people that complain – or used to, anyway, I don’t suppose they’re doing much complaining now, very many of them – about this one thing in their life, this one thing if it would have gone this way or that way, their whole lives would have been much, much better. Except no one’s life is ever really like that. We have screwed up the same thing in the exact same way thousands of times, we have had thousands of opportunities to fix the situation and we blew every one of them. It’s hardwired into our personality somehow, to always react the same way and repeat these ridiculous patterns.”
“I don’t mean to play defender of the people or whatever,” Tracy says, leaning back against a nearby tree for a smoke now that she’s gotten the fire going, “but part of what you’re talking about relates to what you might call heightened expectations. The way our lives got before everything went haywire…it was like there were ten million functions expected of you on a daily basis just to be thought of as competent and normal and responsible. There was almost nothing you could do in one day to drastically improve your life, but there were plenty of ways to fuck up your life completely in that time span.”
“You got a point,” Eldorado notes, “and actually I can think of one thing I would have done completely different, I never would have gone overseas to report on that stupid fucking war. It even sounds idiotic to talk about it. Hey man, what do you do for a living? Oh, I report on wars. Never saw my wife and kids again, although I suppose that ties into what ol’ girl was saying here.”
“Tracy.”
“That’s cool, and honestly I really don’t think I knew that. But they were pure at least as much as persons can be said to be, and thus they probably could not deal,” Eldorado says, and struggles to keep his emotion in check, to not let it overtake him.
“No, Eldorado…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean…”
“It’s fine, it’s fine, whatever. No offense taken. I’m just saying there might not have been many of these crossroads events in our lives, but there were a few here and there. It wasn’t all patterns and routines and repetitive, like, DNA-encoded behavior or what have you. And anyway this is all bullshit, our trying to put philosophical angles on why what happened and when a long, long, long time after the fact.”
“Fuck!” Tracy shouts up at the night sky, visible in patches through the trees. Her breath is visible and she is pacing around in an agitated state, “why are we in the middle of the goddamn woods without any alcohol!”
“Well put, Eldorado, although you both kind of ran off on some tangent away from what I was actually talking about,” James says, “also, I’m not really sure this fire is a good idea.”
Tracy stops in her tracks now and regards him as if determined to point out the obvious. “You’re cold, aren’t you?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Okay, then. Besides by my estimation we are probably ten or twelve miles away from that compound. We made some serious time. They’re not tracking us, they can’t see the smoke.”
“You sure about that?”
“Hell no I’m not sure! But fuck it, whatever. Stand guard if you want, both of you. Take shifts if it tickles your fancy. I’m getting a good night’s sleep, though, and then in the morning we’re gonna find our way to the others.”
“Really?” James says with a lopsided smirk, “why now? You’ve dodged it long enough.”
“Exactly, I’ve dodged it long enough,” Tracy agrees, flopping roughly into the circle of dirt that still bears the impression of her last encounter with it, and fumbling for the ingredients necessary to light a cigarette, “but I’m completely out of ideas. Maybe you guys were onto something all along. There really is nothing else.”



The much anticipated standoff between brother and sister escalates in a triangular section of lawn off to the side of the main building. A potential heartwarming reunion, all politeness is cut short when Scott cannot resist pointing out that if Tracy and James and Eldorado had shown up just one day later, some or all of them might have moved on from this park. This trio took a good three days to arrive, trusting an innate sense of direction more than the results would indicate they should have.
Damage from their semi-successful raid was surprisingly limited, all things considered. The few casualties suffered had already been replaced and then some by the recruiting efforts, primarily Steve’s doing, though Nick and Katherine and some of the others had pulled in a few stray souls here and there. That they had not been betrayed by any of these random finds – and that these drafted warriors were usually fairly competent – was probably less a testament to their magnificent people reading abilities and more that the government had blown through this territory with numerous passes, and that if a person was still alive at this juncture, he or she surely possessed an impressive skill set. 
“We’ve already identified the next target, even, Tracy,” Scott says with a smirk, “just east of Atlanta.”
Though true enough, Scott’s statement implies he is definitely down for the cause, when his and Donna’s involvement has in fact been under a great deal of discussion. Following the episode with the hologram, all serious discussion has either taken place in a whisper, inside closets, or has been written down on paper in a bound notebook passed back and forth. With the appearance of these last three assumed dead stragglers, however, the shock factor has momentarily cast aside all concerns of privacy. True, Steve is at the moment barely visible in the distance, teaching the use of some ground to air missile launcher he and Nick came across. Had he known the details of this conversation he might not approve, but with the situation as such it continues. And anyway Tracy insists they cannot latch onto an outdoor location with nearly the same accuracy as indoors, and that unless confining themselves to closets they are truly safer speaking out here.
Elsewhere, Donna and Jennifer are busy simultaneously feting Eldorado and grilling him about his experiences, while James is occupied with showing off, to some of the others, the function of that tiny piece of metal he’d picked up off of that dead soldier back at the compound. As demonstrated by Tracy during the remainder of their march to this meeting place, anywhere he throws this piece of metal, he instantly materializes there. The technology is primitive, yet a far sight better than the slow motion teleportation of old Star Trek episodes or bad science fiction movies – according to Tracy, advances had been made beyond this point, even, to where merely visualizing a location enabled the possessor to occupy a distant space. Bugs were still being ironed out on that front, however, as occasional misfires left a person’s molecules scattered to smithereens, and they still couldn’t figure out how to effectively land inside a moving vehicle.
“I can’t believe you’ve been in our midst this entire time and never thought that we – that I – would be interested in knowing you were alive!” Scott is protesting to Tracy.
“It’s because you and Mom and Dad were such smug jackasses!” Tracy explains, her arms thrust into the air as an extension of her exasperation, “not only that, but fuck, if you knew all the shit that I’ve been through in that past year and a half…I mean, I was so, so far ahead of the curve with what I knew, and where did it get me? Basically following you nimrods around and your leads that you stumbled half assed into. So there’s that, plus I honestly didn’t know immediately what your angle was, I had to hang back and figure that out.”
“My angle?” Scott smirks, “yeah, well, anyway, the reason we acted the way we did was that we did not approve of your lifestyle…”
“The preacher has an agenda, too, Scott, just remember that….”
“…and as for…”
“…he has to put bodies in the seats, selling them what they want to hear…”
“…AND AS FOR you being so quote unquote ahead of the curve, we just dealt with the information as it came to us the same as you. You sound like one of those guys who happened by chance to have grown up in the house next door to Nirvana’s rehearsal space and wants to act like a complete tool to everyone else because he heard of them first. Or whatever. You know what I mean. I’m really not that good with explaining things sometimes, but I, but I…”
Tracy waves him off impatiently and states, “it really doesn’t matter now. I have seen every angle of this predicament we are in, and there’s really only one solution, which isn’t really a solution at all. We stockpile weapons, and people, and we do exactly as Steve recommends: we blow up as much shit as we can until they stop us. There really is nothing else.”
“You’re wrong about that. Not everyone is on board with this anymore. Some of us have a different idea.”
“Have fun with that,” she sneers.




Part Four: WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU




“If you tell a guy he’s gonna get the same benefits for sitting at home as he would for working forty hours a week, that’s a no brainer,” Steve says, “so you’re talking about a steadily diminishing pool of resources. You have to dangle that carrot out there for us, it’s the only thing that keeps the wheel turning.”
They are standing on a bluff three quarters of a mile removed from their nearest target, another military complex, as Scott had advertised, just east of Atlanta. Numbering now forty five strong, occasional grumblings surface from those that report to him, that they feel he is moving too fast, that proper precautions have not been put in place as they were in the past. Steve brushes these suggestions aside with little thought cast in their direction. To him, experience and increased knowledge lead to a more efficient operation. Not to mention that business with the projected spook in the three piece – it could have been anything, but no denying the symbolic power of that particular image – which, if Tracy was to be believed, meant they were being tracked. As he tends to lean toward her reliability as a source, measures have been taken since that encounter to throw the enemy off their trail. Even so, there exists no good reason to waste days or even weeks merely for the sake of replicating earlier efforts, particularly as time and the element of surprise are luxuries they might not always possess.
“Yeaaaaah,” Eldorado groaned with a dismissive grin, “so you just tax the fuck outta the multi zillionaires then. Those assholes can afford it.”
“At which point the multi zillionaires leave the country. Or they ship their entire business out of the country. Point is even that was a stopgap solution at best. Hey Mr. Gates we think it’s great you invented a computer platform that completely transformed the world. Now if you don’t mind we’re only gonna take 99.99% of what you made from it in taxes because, let’s face it, you don’t need it! Heh heh, fuck you, I’m out of here. Because where is the incentive not to leave? And then where are the jobs for the rest of us?”
“I think it’s interesting how dependent of a state being rich is,” Nick notes. His turn with the binoculars, he zeroes in on a group of men smoking cigarettes and talking near the southernmost end of the complex. Tracy said they were essentially untraceable here amid the trees, and thus he believes it, they all do, “people don’t think of it as being so, but it is.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean,” Steve grovels, pacing around now as he does, rubbing his chin and staring up at the tops of the trees above them.
“I mean I think what happened is they actually ran out of a middle class and even a lower class to take advantage of, and that’s why the whole system collapsed. It was just kind of generally assumed that these basic balances would be maintained. People in place working jobs, and performing services, and paying taxes. But then, too, people owning things, and buying big ticket items, and calling shots, and this is probably good for the most part, all of it. Obviously if you skew out to the extreme of like a Charles Dickens novel or whatever, where the workers are subsisting on crackers 24/7 then not so much…but on a more realistic level, yes.”
“Yeah, but then what,” Eldorado cuts in, “government keeps raising taxes to pay for this program and that, and hook up this crony and that, and you push these edges, and push these edges, and you reach this point where no matter how creative you get with the numbers it becomes impossible to keep it afloat.”
“Well that’s what I’m saying,” Nick agrees, “the rich without us are not quite so rich. But I didn’t necessarily agree that it was the government’s job to constantly try and level the playing field, either.”
“The pursuit of happiness,” Steve cuts in, “this is all they are supposed to protect. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Not a guarantee that they are going to try and provide it for you, which is fucking impossible to begin with. So basically, establish my freedoms, and get the fuck out of the way.”
“Well,” Nick says, and hands the binoculars off to Eldorado, “common sense always prevails in the end, one way or the other.”
“Brute force. That’s what eventually wins,” Steve corrects.
“Bullshit,” says Eldorado.
“Oh yeah? Then how did we end up here?”



“How is that animals know to look at your eyes when they want something, how do they understand that this is basically the command center, where all your actions originate? They don’t beg at the knee caps,” Donna observes, to no one in particular.
They are hiking a particularly gruesome stretch of the Appalachian Trail, this small handful of them who have broken away from Steve’s flotilla of warriors. Plenty of more experienced outdoorsmen have spanned the length of this pathway, from Georgia to Maine, in the space of a summer, but no one present here can maintain that pace. Catching this once insanely popular manmade swath near its beginning, they have barely crossed into North Carolina it seems, owing mostly to the mountainous terrain. When viewed first hand, or charted on a map, one can see that this route is massive and imbedded right through the heart of the eastern United States, yet one they’ve driven over, under, and through countless times without ever really recognizing its existence.
“I also always wondered how it is that animals ‘understand’ where humans fit into the animal hierarchy. Cats don’t go up to a lap dog and start meowing for food, or to be let out of the house. They look at a lap dog and apparently think, hmm, okay, this is a lap dog. Whereas they see us, and the same thought process leads them to say, okay, this is a human. An animal, too, not a plant, or a bookshelf. They don’t need to be taught to approach us for help,” Donna continues. 
“Along those lines I guess you could say I’ve never really understood the school of thought that somehow we are tampering with nature’s design simply by being here, on this planet,” Jennifer says, “to me, it seems like a natural arrangement. I mean, so far as anyone knows, we weren’t some weird experiment concocted in a lab.”
“Right,” Donna chuckles, “some wacky science job that was thoroughly botched and should have never happened. I know what you’re saying, though. We have a perfectly acceptable place in the animal kingdom, too.”
“Speaking of animals…are there any poisonous snakes, or, like, wild bears along this trail? That might be some useful information.”
“How the hell should I know?”
“You’re the animal expert, aren’t you?”
“No. No no no no no,” Donna shakes her head emphatically, “I’m an animal aficionado, that’s all.” As the two of them pant their way up a sharp incline, Donna chuckles and adds, “that’s as good as we ever had, in any category. That’s what made answering that question about the last seven left on earth so difficult, I think. We didn’t have any doctors, or scientists, or for that matter a fucking maple farmer among us. We didn’t have any experts in anything. The best we had was someone being kind of half assed into something.”
Jennifer’s face takes on a wicked, playful smirk and she allows, “I don’t know…if you had to pick seven people at random, you could do a lot worse than our core people that we started with…”
“Marty? Natalie? Fucking Grandma?” Donna questions.
Jennifer shoots her a dismissive glance, even though Donna is facing directly ahead and misses it. “Nooooo. Not those fucking people. I mean us, once we kinda dug in and got to know one another – you, me, Scott, Eric. Then Steve, Eldorado, James, we’ve all done a pretty good…”
“Eric aside…”
“Eric aside,” Jennifer nods, “and god bless him, but yeah, we’ve done a pretty good job of sticking around and figuring shit out. Maybe Tracy is right, our flaws are what’s kept us afloat.”
The forest surrounding them is predominantly populated with pines of varying species. Every so often, one such tree alongside the trail is splashed with a rectangle of white paint to keep a hiker oriented, though the occasional blue splash, known as a blaze, also surfaces, confusing them in the beginning until they investigate and discover that these delineate side trails leading to shelters, scenic lookouts, or connecting with other trails into now completely dormant nearby towns. Armed with all sorts of maps and initially loading their packs down with enough energy bars, ramen noodle packets, and instant oatmeal pouches to last, as it turned out, about a week and a half, they recently dipped into some backwoods village named Beatrice to reload on fuel again – it isn’t the most exciting fare, but it’s keeping them alive. Again as Tracy had predicted, the power was cut completely now in Beatrice and a number of the other smaller towns they come across, and they see a whole lot fewer lights than they probably would have a few weeks ago, below them in the valleys.
“I mean, granted, certain idiots always have and always will continue to threaten the entire house of cards,” Jennifer continues, “but I’ve never understood how every other species’ basic nature is defensible somehow as, well, its basic nature…”
“But everything you and me and every other human is doing is somehow wrong and not the way things are supposed to be?” Donna says to Jennifer with a sidelong glance, nodding once as they march, “yeah, people probably go a little too far with that attitude. But at the same time, we’re the only ones with the kind of power to wreak havoc halfway across the universe.”
Drifting into these unsettling, abandoned towns, almost without fail as night approaches or has already descended, they acquire whatever supplies are necessary and lock themselves into a random, unobtrusive house. While not always possible, based on the timing of whatever progress they’ve crammed into the preceding day, bunkering down in this manner is preferable to camping on the trail, not just for reasons of comfort but also those of safety. While never encountering any real trouble, the threat is always there, as known, isolated hikers who’ve bumped into a few of the same. 
“Yeah, but, I mean, if insects, or cats, or for that matter freaking kudzu were able to rampage unchecked, would they not also completely destroy the planet, in one form or another?” Jennifer points out.
Nights on the trail, someone always remains alert until morning, on guard. Scott keeps himself occupied building remote control cars, though never satisfied with any, forever tinkering; James reads books incessantly during any down time, while Donna, having performed as if by compulsion her customary tireless inspection, whenever they return to civilization, of block after block of houses, liberating the few stray hardy pets still surviving, finds herself engaged with and tending to the inevitable handful who accompany them back out to the trail, almost always dogs. Nobody is quite sure what Jennifer does with her spare moments, those left alone as a sentry through the skeleton hours, though the others kind of have this inkling that mostly she sits cross-legged with a whiskey bottle, staring into the fire and chain smoking cigarettes, that this is how she gets through the night. By day she is often climbing trees with binoculars, alert to any danger, a laser beam of focus, yet there’s no denying she wakes up groggier than the rest, bleary eyed, in a foul mood most mornings.
“The only difference is we don’t have any natural predators.”
“Hmm, I don’t know about that,” Jennifer says with a rueful smirk, “I’d say we do a pretty good job of that ourselves.”
“Ouch. Touché,” Donna says, “except now we just sound like Steve.”



The missile launchers decimate the north central Georgian compound with authority and ease, and another in the southern part of the state falls in similar fashion a few weeks after that. They are turning this into an assembly line process of sorts, he and his men. He isn’t sure what to make of those fucking holograms, if they matter at all, but thus far they’ve taken Tracy’s suggestions to heart and it has seemed to work. Conferences are held in closets with subdued voices, suggestions drawn up on legal pads. Otherwise, they stray from the woods only when absolutely necessary. 
She is one hell of a soldier, this Tracy. Though Steve does think of these as his men – and admittedly, he is probably an old fashioned chauvinist asshole in some respects, it’s not just a convenient catch-all phrase, referring to them as men, thinking of them as such – there have been a few surprises from the fairer sex, and she is right at the top of the list. Jennifer was a damned good shot, but she ran her mouth too much – a fallout was inevitable, and anyway her utility was limited pretty much to that and that alone. Bye bye. But this Tracy, this Tracy does it all. There is something about her style that worked here. She has very little to say that isn’t of absolute utility to the cause, and what does come out of her mouth is almost always on the money. Aside from all that she is also somewhat of a badass. 
Steve is thinking about pussy again for the first time, really, in months. She brought that out in him, he supposes. There are times where he stands off to the side from the others, smoking a cigarette and watching everyone else interact, his people, and the way those two carry on, she and Eldorado, he sometimes daydreams about strolling up and planting a bullet in the back of that dude’s skull. We are complex beings at war with our urges all the time; combating them demonstrates our civility. But as their commander he has a job to perform, and Eldorado is a good soldier, too, offing him counterproductive, not to mention psychotic. 
He is stuck then merely admiring her, and there were worse fates than this. A natural step in the grieving process, as he attempts to forget about Samantha and the kids, it wouldn’t be Tracy, maybe, but some other woman would eventually come along and he would move on. He has long ago given up hope of ever seeing them again – he came to grips with that one, really, clear back in that jail cell in Cincinnati. Everything else since then has been blowing holes in the ones who caused this to make them pay, and exorcising the pent up hatred for this nightmare and all that went awry before it, the failing of this fairytale vision they collectively had held of the so called American dream.
All told, things shake out about as good as could have expected. They suffer just those four blowtorched casualties in South Carolina, after the semi-debacle up in Richmond, and a mere two dead bodies on their hands since then. It was eerie in a sense the ease with which this now comes to them, these raids – they are certainly getting better at this game. A split with those handful of idiots was unfortunate, but he hasn’t exactly lost any sleep over it, and their upgrade in weaponry means that a sharpshooter such as Jennifer is missed much less than she would have been back when this operation was first ramping up. And the manner in which Tracy had basically told her brother to fuck off had been classic – it only served to enhance her appeal in Steve’s eyes, and anyway Scott too had become essentially meaningless during this heightened current phase. Steve is a quick study and it didn’t take him long to learn the bulk of what Scott knew about crafting explosives, and to pass that information along to a couple key others.
Anything could happen, but point being, he has more important concerns with which to trouble himself. At present, he is standing with those and some others on a bluff about two and three quarters miles removed from their next target, near where they have broken camp. This has been termed the smoking lounge in deference to those who are not nearly quite so fond. In actuality Steve too rarely smokes but he has a small pinch of snuff in his lip and as always, is pacing near the center of conversation but not quite in it.
“I wouldn’t lose too much sleep over it,” Eldorado is telling Tracy.
“Oh trust me, I haven’t.”
“I mean I know your brother is extremely religious and all, but maybe he goes too far with that shit. Maybe he should just recognize that…I mean, I think for the most part people are good, moral folks. My dad always told me that you didn’t really have to worry about 90 percent of the people in this world, but that other ten percent, now…”
“I think the majority of people are not moral,” Driscoll offers, stopping momentarily in his tracks, “again I have to bring up our basic human laziness. Most people are essentially lazy, not essentially moral. Stop and picture in your head the biggest mansion that we have passed in our travels. You and I would never consider looting the place under normal circumstances, but why is that, exactly? Because it’s too much work.”
“Aww, come on now, bullshit…,” Eldorado says.
Steve holds up a hand to cut to him, “because it’s too much work, because we are lazy. Who the fuck knows what might happen. But if you know for a fact there’s nobody home, and you know for a fact there are no cops, you know for a fact nobody’s watching, you know for a fact you can gain entry without injuring yourself, if there’s something in there you have badly, badly, badly wanted for a long, long time….how many people are really gonna walk away saying, eh, I don’t think so? Whereas in a normal societal situation, it’s too much fucking trouble.”
“I hear what you’re saying and all,” Eldorado muses, eyes wide as he scratches his bald dome and stares down at the leaves beneath them, “but you start to think like that, then you might as well assume it extends to everything, and it doesn’t. You saying that the only reason people don’t go around stabbing each other more often, or…raping each other more often…or whatever…that it’s LAZINESS?”
“Absolutely. Absolutely. Well okay not the only reason, but certainly the most overriding one. People get sentimental and attached to the things surrounding them, no doubt, but okay, picture this situation: you, Eldorado, are alone in some remote desert waste land 500 miles removed from the next human being…except for the most beautiful woman currently alive on the planet, who also happens to be stranded with you. She thinks you are a completely pig. However, a month goes by, and you know for an absolute fact that whatever happens out here, nobody else will ever know...what are you eventually going to take the liberty of doing?”
“No. Huh uh. No way,” Eldorado shakes his head, vigorously, “I’m not like that.”
Steve rolls his eyes and chuckles. “Okay. Horseshit. But look at the reverse scenario if it makes any difference to you, this situation with you and cupcake here, was it really such a case of love at first sight, or just convenience and circumstance?”
“Okay now, motherfucker, listen here!” Eldorado starts, red in the face and jabbing a finger at Steve, who stands with his hands on his hips, laughing but otherwise motionless.
“All I know about THIS situation,” Tracy cuts in at last, drowning them out, “this situation that we’re all in, is that’s it’s boiled our lives down to the essence of what they were always about to begin with, except we were too distracted to realize it: self preservation.” She takes a swig from her water bottle, seems to weight the words that have just issued forth from here mouth, and concludes with, “well, that and blasting a hole through any motherfucker that gets in my way.”
Steve smirks but otherwise doesn’t flinch in his staredown to end all staredowns with Eldorado.  “I’m with you there, sister.”



As winter approaches, they move with additional urgency. Bound for that city to the north that they have identified as their final target, the four of them are in impeccable shape and have mastered the art of traveling light. They have seen few humans since embarking upon this trail months earlier, even less car headlight sets off in the distance somewhere, and now, as its terminus approaches, at least as far as their use of it is concerned, they are almost apprehensive about this reentry into what’s left of the real world. No one will say as much, but an uncommon pall has fallen between them. Though they technically had crossed this section of Virginia in their earlier exploits, chasing that barge around to little recognizable benefit, these mountains are unfamiliar terrain aside from the lines on the map they have traced and charted day after painstaking day. 
By week’s end, they estimate reaching a point just shy of the fabled route 66, or at least the interstate bearing that number, where they will jump ship into the Shenandoah National Forest and make the gradual descent back to flat land. Of the trail’s more than 2000 miles, they estimate having knocked off 40 percent of them in the space of three months. A pace well shy of a veteran’s effort, but, being in the best shape of their lives, more than the average layperson would have managed. 
“Fucking bugs!” Donna says, swatting at a small winged creature that has just found her neck particularly hospitable, “come on James, get that fire going already!”
As the nights have gotten chillier, venturing into civilization again as one of those painted blue blazes would indicate and find a hospitable looking home - preferably one with a wood burning fireplace - has taken on an added urgency, in contrast to those mild summer eves from when they began. The four of them spent three days in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, recuperating from a general lack of motivation, recharging batteries whose reserves had dipped well past spent. Once, unable to sleep at some indeterminable point past 1am, Scott managers to reach Tom Hegeland’s compound yet again by ham radio. The old man himself was manning the switchboard, so to speak, but, though mentioning offhand that he probably had a couple hundred settlers located on his property now, he ate up the bulk of a half hour chat rambling on about depleted water tables and perennial wheat breakthroughs, none of which Scott follows.
“Hey animal lover!” Jennifer taunts, emptying her backpack of the raw materials she plans on soon utilizing for a killer homemade chili, not exactly a nightly occurrence but far more common now that the nights have grown colder, “are fucking bugs as you call them not animals, and if so, how do you justify killing them?”
“I keep telling you. I’m not an animal rights activist or whatever,” Donna protests, leering with disdain at the bloody smear of bug on her palm, before wiping it on the side of her pants, “I just happen to like a great deal of them.”
Nowhere near civilization, and with none on their forecast for another day at least, they’ve pitched their tents by a sliver of available daylight and now sit huddled around another smoldering pit of logs and twigs. Everyone except Scott, who remains occupied with his latest piece of gadgetry, a remote control helicopter. As for the rest, no matter how many turns of the clock they survive in this manner, regardless of the dogs they’ve surrounded themselves with and seclusion of the site, twilight slinking into dark always creeps them out a bit. No one ever admits as much, yet it’s written on their faces, the sidelong glances snuck and over the shoulder inquiries into the black recesses behind them. 
“I always wondered how zoos were supposed to be immoral, yet it was some great deed to stockpile animals at your own house,” James observes, as he continues crafting the fire, “but it’s not, really, all we’re accomplishing is amusing ourselves.”
Shelters have existed here and there along the trail, places to pitch the tents rolled into their backpacks even more prevalent, and in doing so, though ever vigilant, though someone is always left on guard throughout the night with a gun, they’ve still made neither friends nor enemies of the few stray souls encountered, possibly because these folks are even more terrified of James and company than the other way around.
“Wait. James. Boytoy. Darling. How did you suddenly get so good at building fires?” Jennifer questions, “all I ever heard about your idiotic little odyssey in the woods with Tracy was that you made her do it, you and Eldorado just sat there.”
“She didn’t ask,” James laughs, “and to answer your question, I read everything I know about being out here in a book. Like in the past few weeks. What do you think I do when I‘m on guard duty?”
“What about animals that were gonna be put to sleep at the pound, huh, what then?”
“Well yeah then of course. But all I’m saying is we’ve reduced the function of animals in our lives to providing entertainment. There’s nothing inherently ‘better’ about them living with us than being out in the wild. Look at the way your cats and dogs lay around the house all day. They are completely bored and disengaged. You think this is their optimal mode of existence or whatever?”
Following a pause that lasts a few ponderous, tapped out measures, Donna sighs and says, “I wish my man would quit fucking around with that helicopter. For one, it’s annoying. For another, I could really use…hey, wait. Holy shit. How have we not noticed this before?”
“What?” the other two murmur in unison, as all three crane their necks a hundred paces backward to the trail. There, where the pathway itself provides the only clearing sizeable enough for Scott to fly this cobbled together aircraft, they observe their mostly silent companion grinning goofily, in his standard costume of knee length jean shorts, white socks drawn up to nearly meet them, a red baseball cap smeared filthy with grime, and a collared, short sleeved shirt. He is also paying them no mind and appears to be wearing sunglasses, even though it’s essentially dark by now.
“What?” Jennifer repeats, turning to face Donna now.
But Donna merely points to the sky directly above her, with a wide, self satisfied grin. When James confesses he hasn’t figured out what her drift is, either, she points again. Finally, satisfied that neither of them is going to grasp what she’s talking about regardless how long this drags out, she says, “think about it. What haven’t we seen, really?” Turning her focus inward, she pulls at her bottom lip and muses, more to herself than anyone, “just that one, I think…or is it one of those things that we’re so used to, like…in the background…we don’t even…”
“Helicopters?” James croaks at last, the left half of his face crinkled up in part disbelief, part derision. But then, grasping at last, his eyes widen and meet Donna’s gaze, as he blurts, “oh wow…I think you’re right. How have we not noticed?”
“Aircraft,” Donna nods her head, “is it me or haven’t there been any? Like, anywhere?”
“Helicopters,” Jennifer drones, staring at the fire, absorbed in thought now, “airplanes. Jets. What the fuck ever. Hmmm….interesting. I think you’re right, though. What does this mean?”
She turns to James in asking this, and though often mocking her partner’s studious side, it’s clear that at this moment she expects he of anyone will have a solid theory. Except all he has to offer is a shrug and hazarded guess, which is really just a common sense observation based on what they already know.
“Well I mean we’ve already seen those black boxes in action, and Tracy said they’ve advanced beyond even this. So they must not need airplanes anymore. They have better technology.”
“Yeah but do they really spook even each other out with that crap?” Jennifer questions, “I mean really? Does President Chadwick, what, just teleport to Texas and materialize by the fireplace next to Bristling and Crony? Bloop, here the fuck I am! Pour me a drink! Let’s hammer out some treaties!”
“Besides, like, those barges, that’s ancient technology. That concept is way older than air travel,” Donna interjects.
“Well yeah but there you’re talking about moving massive quantities of product, the documents in those gigantic crates,” James explains, “airplanes never were a particularly good method for transporting something on that scale. And whatever those black boxes are, they must require the user’s presence. You can’t, for instance, I don’t know, move an object just by thinking about it, the way you can yourself.”
“HA!” Scott half shouts, half laughs, startling all three of them to the extent that, in their absorption by this topic, each partially topples over from a sitting position, temporarily recoiling until they recognize the source, “I wonder what Steve would think of our blazing bonfire NOW!”
And the others are giggling, the topic at hand forgotten, as Scott tilts his head to sky and shouts, “How you like us NOW, Steve!?”



Things had really only blown up the morning after she first slept with Eldorado, making a giant spectacle of the encounter as she did. At least this was Scott’s perspective, the manner in which Tracy had pitched a tent directly next to his and Donna’s, at the state park in South Carolina where they were still hastily coming to grips with their future as a team, before Steve uprooted and moved on without a glance behind to see who, if anyone, remained following him. James, Tracy, and Eldorado had only reemerged that afternoon, and as much of a celebration as Steve would permit soon followed – of course, what this basically entailed was Driscoll off in the distance instructing people in the art of firing rifles and handheld missile launchers, at least until the sun went down.
“Bristling’s pisspoor response to the hurricane was not about race, it was about class. Certain ignorant rappers had it all wrong, or at least were somewhat off base, anyway, I would say,” James is telling Nick, as the two of them huddle over beers, slightly away from the small fire that Steve reluctantly allowed. 
“That’s a convenient stance for a, what, I’m guessing middle class suburban white male such as yourself to make. Me personally, I’m of a mind that saying the president doesn’t care about black people is a very useful observation,” Nick tells him.
“I’m not saying it isn’t. But it’s much less productive than it would appear to be, because it obscures the issue. When certain ignorant rappers – who’ve already made asses of themselves in public numerous times, extremely talented or not – make comments like that, our government actually uses this to its advantage. Because in all the hoopla and hysteria that such a comment generates, what goes unnoticed is that it’s only partially true: our government doesn’t care about poor black people. It doesn’t care about poor people of any stripe at all.”
“Bullshit,” Nick says, “welfare, food stamps, that homebuyer credit thing, extended unemployment…there are – or were – programs in place.”
“Mostly about buying votes and getting the economy cranking again for the benefit of their rich cronies…the rest of us are kept right in our dutiful little place, buying things and paying taxes…”
Nick chuckles and says, “okay, so you’re one of those guys. Everything is fucked, everything is doomed. What’s the definitive answer to all this, then?”
“I’m not saying I have any definitive answers. Are you kidding me? But if you saw someone being stabbed to death, are you saying you’re not allowed to call the cops until you figure out a more productive way for the murderer to spend his time? That’s why we vote these guys in, with great optimism, initially: we know the system is fucked. It’s your job to fix it.”
“I don’t know,” Nick says, “back to the original topic, you can’t tell me that them taking their sweet old time to respond to the hurricane had nothing to do with race. Let’s say theoretically it was on its way to crashing into some predominantly white town on the northeastern coast, you mean to tell me they’re waiting three days go get their asses up there? No way. No fucking way. They’d have had that town completely evacuated and a goddamn bubble built over top of everything a week before it hit.”
“You’re right, so long as you’re talking about a predominantly rich white town. Or any predominantly rich town. Think Martha’s Vineyard. No doubt FEMA makes doubletime to Martha’s Vineyard. But Hartford, Connecticut, say, probably less so.”
“Yeah, but there are poor white people in Martha’s Vineyard, too.”
“And there are rich black people where the hurricane actually hit. Rich people of every ethnic background,” James counters, “you talk about anything in this country, because of the sheer number, you’re almost always talking about generalities. Finding exceptions doesn’t disprove the rule.”
“Meaning what?”
“Meaning that like I said, the government actually likes it when people make comments such as that one. Then it gets a relatively small number of folks worked up, and an even smaller number of influential figures who are able to do something about it, who represent their fellow blacks, or whatever the minority in question might be, and it conveniently blows a thick layer of fog over a much larger issue. Because there’s no one organizing and representing poor people as a whole, you only have these fractions that get their tiny little moment in the media and are pacified and sent on their way.”
“I don’t know, dude, I just think that-
“GET A FUCKING HANDLE ON YOURSELF!” They hear Scott shout, managing somehow to booth seethe through clenched teeth and attain maximum volume. As he instantly displaces their attention and draws it to this spectacle maybe forty yards away, they watch as he shakes Tracy by the arm and bends directly in her face. She responds by popping him with the elbow somehow and firing a disgusted glance back at him as she breaks free and moves away. 
What Scott is primarily objecting to becomes immediately apparent, though tributary agitators run through the situation as well. Tracy began the night by dirty dancing with Eldorado by the fire to a tinny little boombox they’d found, playing hiphop mix CDs from the early 90s that Katherine had acquired somewhere along the way. As the night wore on and drinks reserves depleted, however, flagrant French kisses and ass smacks became more prevalent, paving the way for the powderkeg moment where Tracy grabs Eldorado’s package in plain sight of everyone, tosses her head back and laughs high and mighty into the night when he quibbles, “hey now, don’t tease, it’s been a looooooong ass time for this old man!” Just before she dispatches from the impromptu dance club’s fire lit circle in pursuit of the iced down cooler, subsequently running into her less-than-amused brother.
“Well, well, what do we have here…,” Steve croaks under his breath, startling Nick and James to the point of visibly recoiling as he slips in between them, from the woods. Last they’d seen of him he was one of six people heading off to work perimeter guard, but had apparently just been relieved.
“Family drama,” Nick says with a grin, “and we’ve got seats in the press box.”
Steve stands with his hands on his hips, smirking in silence as he watches the scene unfold. Earlier in the day, following the unexpected return of Tracy and the other two, James had broken off for a quick but decisive powwow with his significant other. It turns out that all the thinking he’d done during his three day forest adventure neatly paralleled what she and Donna and Scott were thinking: it was time to throw in the towel on this idiotic long march to surefire slaughter that they were engaging in here with Driscoll. He took the news of their departure pretty much as expected, i.e. with no display of emotion or concern whatsoever. But though they’d already decided before James even arrived that they were done with Steve, the three of them could not reach an agreement on what came next. Donna had some notion of starting a quaint colonial village of her own somewhere, while Jennifer and Scott sought action, but weren’t sure of what variety, exactly. With James’s appearance he presented to them and won their approval for the only idea that in his mind still made sense: they would march to the nation’s capital. To this, now, Steve did react, in the form of wild, derisive howls. At present, however, a formerly composed Donna is sobbing her eyeballs out in her tent, as Jennifer attempts to console her, Scott is losing his mind dealing with his sister, and James attempts retaining his usual even keel by medicating with just a touch of alcohol, and remaining detached from the circus surrounding him.
“Anyway, as I was saying…well, sort of, anyway,” James continues, “our government is all for broad, incisive soundbites, especially if it’s some celebrity making them. Kind of like how they really love the sort of halftime show aspect of how where you stand politically must, must, absolutely must be graphed as to where you exist, either left or right of ‘center,’ on some imaginary sliding scale.”
“Yeah, well, this whole notion of lumping everyone into two major political affiliations is absurd,” Nick says, running with the idea, “those are such narrow options – how can any more than, say, ten percent of the population really feel they align wholeheartedly with one or the other of those two parties? It would be like they suddenly decided there were only two horoscopes or something and you were made to feel abnormal because you didn’t believe what either of them had to say.”
“That’s what I mean. If your political leanings were half extremely liberal and half extremely conservative, they would say you were…in the middle? What? How the hell does that make any sense? This concept of left-right is an extremely poor analogy but somehow it really caught on and stuck around.”
Nick makes a three pointer with his empty beer bottle into a nearby metal trash can. He rubs his chin and muses, “maybe a mixed bag of jelly beans would be more accurate. Not Ronald Reagan’s jelly beans, just jelly beans.” He laughs and explains further, “grape-grape-mint-bubblegum-banana-orange-banana, that’s you, that’s your unique combination of where you stand on these particular issues.”
“Right. Something like that. The combination of where you stand doesn’t make you a dot that is so many inches to the left or to the right on some yardstick. But again, our government of course encourages such thinking, they want everyone thinking in these terms, they want everyone obsessed with this illusion of a two party system which is really just a one party system.”
“Politics, politics,” Steve titters, though his eyes remain unwavering in their focus upon that somewhat distant scenario of sibling drama and scandal.
“What do you think about all this?” Nick asks, cracking open a fresh cold one retrieved from their cooler.
“What do I think about all this?” Steve says, and turns his focus toward them at last, “I think we had reached a point where these problems could not be solved by reasonable means.”
“I’m with you on that one,” James says.
“Whaaaat?” Steve croaks, as his face breaks open with a mocking leer, “you’re with me on that one, and yet you’re leading your silly little band of troops up to DC tomorrow? This isn’t a fucking Jimmy Stewart movie from the 1950s.”
“Decisions are made by real people occupying a real physical space somewhere,” James dryly intones, “it could just as well be DC as anywhere.”
“Do you know how fucking stupid you sound?” Steve retorts, and then, adopting a prissy voice, puts his hands on his hips and repeats, “it could just as well be DC as anywhere!” 
James shrugs and says, “it’s no sillier than going around blowing up a bunch of fucking buildings. Probably a whole lot less, actually.”
“Oookay,” Steve rolls his eyes, “good luck with all that.” And then walks off, cutting through him and on to join the others.
 Throughout most of the remaining night, long after most have fallen asleep in their own tents, Donna is audibly weeping in hers, and Tracy is making an even greater aural spectacle as she moans and shrieks to Eldorado’s sexual advances in the next one over. This after she had pretty much downed a quart of whiskey herself and outlasted damn near everyone as hostess and chief provocateur propelling the world’s last great dance party. Steve off fulfilling his second run at guard duty of the night, James, Katherine and Nick half drunk but holding their own seated around the smoldering remains of the fire, keenly observing the meltdown in progress that is Scott, as he mostly stomps around and glowers, cradling his own progressively less full liquor bottle. Somewhere around 3am he lets out a long, guttural growl, and launches his bottle at full volume into the nearest park building, where it explodes with sufficient force to temporarily drown out all other noise. And then he storms away, not seen again until morning.



“You spend enough time in a position of power, you lose touch with reality to some extent. It’s inevitable. It doesn’t make you a bad person, it doesn’t make you a dumbass - well, it can make you a dumbass, if you refuse to admit that it’s a problem, that it’s created some holes in your perception.”
“Ooh, please - do go on! Please do!”
“Yeah, yeah. Knock it off,” James tells his girlfriend. The two of them are sitting beside the fire, half leaning into one another, with Jennifer’s head up against his chest. “But I mean, seriously, the way these politicians behave most of the time, the president especially - and by this I’m talking about whoever is president, whatever the party - it kind of has this air that reminds me of the occasions I’ve had a corporate job, and everyone-”
“Really? Wow. How long did those last?”
“- and I’m ignoring you, and anyway, the corporate bigwig would be making his heavily anticipated breeze through your store, but everyone would dread it, except not for the reasons you might think. Everyone would dread it because this guy would be talking, and talking, and it would slowly occur to all of us, in case we weren’t already aware, that this dude is actually light years removed from reality. And not as a euphemism, saying he is out to lunch or whatever. I mean in actuality. It’s been so long since he had to trifle with the day to day details of anything that he has no clue how any of it works.”
“Meaning…?”
“You would be put in these really awkward situations where you basically had to agree with the guy on things that were, in fact, impossible.”
“Maybe you were just being negative?”
“Well of course that’s the first thing that would be thrown at you if you dared disagree. But no, I mean - and what you really dreaded most of all was him interacting with the customers in any fashion, everyone would kind of go out of their way to minimize that threat - is things that literally were, in fact, impossible. Giving people quizzical looks when he’s talking about computer programs that we had gotten rid of four or five years ago, and they meekly raise a hand to mention this. Quibbling about the staffing of this and that, saying it needed beefed up or something, when everyone knows damn well he is talking off the top of his head - it just occurred to him - and he is going to forget about it ten minutes later, and would shoot down any proposed labor increases that ever slid across his desk. Or yeah, these nightmarishly uncomfortable situations where he is playing the affable jokester, hamming it up with customers, and you’re kind of wedged there in the middle stuck agreeing with him, smiling like a buffoon and nodding vigorously. Sure! We can give away an entire truckload of product and still pull a fifty percent profit somehow on it! Absolutely! I don’t see any problem with that mathematical scenario!”
“Where did I put my whiskey?”
“Seriously? Is that all you have to say on this topic?”
“Oh, I have plenty to say,” Jennifer replies, pausing to appraise him levelly as her eyes otherwise dart around and eventually settle upon a backpack, which she draws near, “but I’ll wait until you’re finished rambling to weigh in.”
“How is it rambling? I though this was an intelligent discussion!” he offers, throwing his arms in the air as his voice escalates a squeak or two higher pitched.
“Okay, then: what is your point?”
“My point is that I’m just kind of elaborating on what I said right off the bat. Our politicians are completely disconnected from the little pieces that actually make a clock run. And if you had to stop and dissect one’s behavior as a pie chart or whatever, you would say it’s part gladhandling the public, part being a corporate drone, part trying to rally the troops, but even more so it’s this attitude of having executive privilege, being entitled to act this way, and also a cockiness, believing that he is the one guy who’s going to make this work. He is the guy who’s going to give away a truckload of shit for free and still by some miracle double the profits on it. But most of all, more than half of it, is that they’re used to just talking, talking, talking, and not having to actually deliver on any of it. If it doesn’t work - hey, it’s the system! The system is fucked up! There’s gridlock and stuff! If something does by some miracle actually happen two or three percent of the time - of course it did! Didn’t I say I was the man!”
“Well, if you wanna know, actually, personally I would say it’s almost entirely not giving a fuck, being a paid actor whose job is pretending to care, but…let me ask you this,” Jennifer responds at last, “have you ever given any thought to evolving, so to speak? This has come up before, but…I feel as though an attitude like yours was part of the problem before, and how is it going to be a solution moving forward? At some point you have to want to move into more adult things. You can’t be this guy sitting around spouting theories all day. You want to talk about being disconnected from reality - what is your reality? At some point your focus has to turn towards, I don’t know,“ she sighs, “having kids and buying a home and…putting together…some sort of…discernible career strategy…”
“Very little of which even applies anymore!” he protests, “and maybe never will again! I mean, I thought we were all in agreement that we were all too uneven to be very good or very bad at anything, and that this was our hidden strength.”
Bored with their discussion, Donna had meandered off some moments earlier into the dark beyond the flickering ring that the campfire illuminates. Bringing her light, tiny footsteps to a halt long enough to allow her eyes a period of adjustment, she thinks she spies her man maybe fifty yards off, his silhouette barely visible against the night sky’s inky backdrop, at the eastern lip of this mountain ridge that they have claimed for their late dinner and eventual sleep. 
They expected to make better progress than this, and could have possibly charted a better route had they known, for instance, that you could finish up a day further south than you began, owing to the peculiarities of this trail’s snakelike undulations. But all that matters little now, as this leg of the journey will soon end. As she creeps up on Scott, she still hears the other couple semi-playfully arguing behind her, and knows that despite their words, what they are really conveying is the dread of their reentry and approach a few days from now.
“You’re not listening to what I’m saying!” James is shouting somewhere behind her, “all I’m saying is that if it came down to bringing more people into this world and bonding a woman to me in a situation where we were all just existing, or, on the other hand, having all that time and all that money to really do what I wanted - well, that was always an easy decision to make. See the world. Try every food and liquor known to man.  Learn five languages, how to juggle, ventriloquism. Skydive, fuck, whatever.”

“I hate to point this out to you, but are you aware how many people are - or were - suffering on this planet? Disease, hunger, oppression....”
“Look, I’m well aware that there were billions of people who had it far worse than I ever did.”
“Good, then you need to shut your fucking mouth and stop complaining!”
“I wasn’t complaining. Ever. All I said was I never understood why unless you made your life as difficult as possible, that somehow you were being immature.”
“Well, specifically I am talking about our future together. Because I do see one. I do. Nonetheless, some of your attitudes…”
Donna knows all this back and forth is just the tangible result of nerves, related to all of their collective futures; just as when she sneaks up and startles her man by slipping one cold hand under the backside of her man’s hooded sweatshirt, skin on skin, on the small of his back, and he jumps, she knows that he is distracted by a certain set of events in the not so distant past.
“Not cool,” he says with a grin, composing himself quickly in the wake of that initial recoil, “not cool at all.”
“You okay?” she asks, throwing an arm around him, resting her head against his shoulder, or at least as near it as she can reach without the use of a stepstool. 
“Yeah….”
Scott fumbles now to light his own cigarette, brings it to his lips and exhales. Below them, the valley tumbles out in near pitch black silence, with nary a streetlight, vehicle, or for that matter even the blinking green and red of a distant passing plane to break it up. Civilization is now in fact betrayed from here only by the orange halo of light burning beyond the bend of horizon somewhere to the east, out of sight but in the general direction they will soon be heading.
“Still having second thoughts about your sister?” Donna says to Scott.
“Of course.”



The four of them descend from the mountains on the last day of November. They move east through the initial few towns by commandeering the first set of car keys discovered in the course of victimless breaking and entering efforts, moving house to house until they hit paydirt., In this instance their jackpot resembles a boxy and lightweight small foreign four door, red in color. So long have they been on foot, in fact, that it does not initially occur to them, until they are almost completely across the virgin tiny village they encounter, before anyone even thinks about snatching some wheels. Walking has become second nature to them.
“Now you see what I mean,” James notes, “it’s like you’re living with the filters off, after you spend some time away from your car. After awhile you don’t even miss it.”
As they speed toward their destination, the unexpected confronts them in the form of steadily increasing clusters of people. It starts in Cromwell, and the trend intensifies through Saxton and Lumberton. Their thinking altered so many months ago that it never even comes up, the expectation or even the wondering about whether people will be found anywhere, in any number of significance. Even in their recruiting efforts moving southward with Steve they encountered at most four or five hardy survivors per metropolis, hanging out together in some diner. Here, clusters in the twenties and thirties await them every block or two in the downtown areas of these smallish cities, though everyone seems to be either waiting directly in front of the elevated train platform – which continues clear into DC and beyond, if maps are to be trusted – or else loitering in the general vicinity of such. Also, virtually no one pays them any mind at all. Their little red sedan creeps through and moves onto the short stretch of countryside and subsequent town beyond that.
It isn’t until they reached Vernon Station that forward progress in this manner becomes, if not impossible, then mighty impractical. Eventually they park the car curbside a number of blocks from some multipurpose arena/underground shopping mall/subway complex, which is teeming with people. But though each of the tiny little shoe stores, golf supplies shops, knickknack boutiques and cut rate clothing vendors along both side of this bustling street is open, some even boasting a shopper or three, there is the general sense that everyone is for the most part moving away from the arena, while the four of them advance toward it.
Those waiting for the subway prove a marked, somewhat sizeable exception. Down thirty or so polished stone stairs to this underground shopping area, whereby access to the mall is also obtained, a platform to the left holds the swollen throng of those anticipating an eastbound train and, on the other side of the tracks, another equally sized group patiently sweating out one heading in the opposite direction. 
Though relatively close to the nation’s capital, they are still a good hour away by train, a good deal more than that by car even on abandoned highways. To say that the sudden influx of souls here is clearly and directly connected to their proximity to DC might be a misnomer, but then again, to accept this as coincidence seems naïve. 
“You forget what it was like when things were normal!” Jennifer marvels, as the four of them huddle in the middle of the underground mall’s massive aisle, an island bypassed on all sides by people bustling as if nothing ever happened off to wherever they were going.
“Yeah, but it’s not quite normal here,” Donna notes, with a tense, uneasy grimace stretching her mouth to its horizontal limits, “something’s off…”
“You know what it is, this isn’t a normal crowd,” James theorizes, “even during better times this wouldn’t have been quote unquote typical for this town. This crowd makes me think some event of some sort just let out in that basketball arena or whatever the fuck it is. Scott?”
Scott, who has said nothing and been staring at a vague point somewhere down around everyone’s kneecaps, looks up now at James, then peers down the long wide hall where the signs are hung, pointing the way to some convention space ahead. Returning his attention to James, he nods and says, “let’s check it out.”
“Should we all go?” James questions, eyeing Donna and Jennifer, “or…tell you what, why don’t Scott and I go and…”
“Oooh!” Donna brightens, and rubs her hands together like a greedy opportunistic as she smiles with wicked delight at the thought, “maybe Jennifer and I can get to act like stereotypical chicks for the first time in a fricking year? How awesome is that? Eh Jen, say we check these shops out around here mo-men-tar-i-ly?”
She looks to Jennifer with eager anticipation, hands clasped at her chest. Jennifer for her part maintains a reserved demeanor, offering at last only an indifferent shrug accompanied by, “sure, what the hell, whatever.”
With a wave the two men start off down the tunnel and the women, after enduring a silent, indecisive moment, eventually make a lateral move, without saying much, into the nearest shop, a rural outfitter type operation. In fact they utter not a word to one another, the only ones spoken arriving in the form of Jennifer abruptly grabbing the arm of a random passing person and demanding, “where are you going!?”
The individual, a myopic, late middle aged man, in waist length trench coat and business slacks, carrying a briefcase, shrinks away either in surprise or dread, blinks a handful of times, and blurts out as though the answer were obvious, “Cromwell,” before darting on his way again.
“We do everything totally backwards,” Donna notes with a chuckle, as she is thumbing through a rack of burlap parkas. Jennifer stands slightly behind her and off to the side, her head continually pivoting in seemingly every direction, as though edgy, uncertain. 
“What do you mean?” Jennifer says at last, though eyeballing a trio of teenage kids at the bank of the room with fervent, unblinking intent.
Donna laughs and says, “what I mean is, we were in the goddamn mountains and it might as well be winter up there, then we come down from the mountains and start looking at winter clothes.”
“Yeah well…it was unseasonably warm up there…we lucked out we…look,” she says, turning to Donna abruptly, the tone in Jennifer’s voice enough to draw her own focus away from this circular island of winter coats. It is at this moment that Donna realizes her wide eyed companion has one hand at the ready, hovering just above the handgun holstered upon her right hip, “you wanna get out of here?”



“So what are you saying, that because the government doesn’t care about poor people, that someone needs to step and demand that they create more programs?”
“That’s actually not what I’m saying at all. The complete opposite of what I’m saying, really. What I’m saying is that despite whatever illusions they present to the contrary, the government is never going to care about poor people, so stop expecting them to. People need to get away from this mentality of the government is going to handle everything.”
“That’s great and all, but how exactly would you go about this?”
“Well I mean no president is going to tackle the serious problems, it would be career suicide. I mean if your options were, a) you have $20 in your bank account but an entire nation of 350 million or whatever is expecting you to somehow pay $1000 worth of bills with it, and to balance your budget you would have to cut off the funding on a bunch of programs you didn’t sign up for but which were handed to you, or b) just hem and haw for four years and pass the buck to the next guy, I think it’s pretty obvious which route almost every person alive would take if they were in his shoes.”
“Not to mention it would never happen anyway. Congress would block that shit all day long.”
“That’s what I’m saying! So the answer is always to raise more taxes, until the entire system collapses at some point because you could only logically push that extreme so far. Let’s have a lotto to raise ‘extra’ money for schools! Yeah, that’s great, except it doesn’t take 3-4 years for that ‘extra’ money to be ‘expected’ money and what was there to start with is rationalized away on some other idiotic expenditure.”
“Yeah but all you’re doing still is complaining. I hate to say it, but for the average person, having an opinion, unless you’re willing to exert MAJOR major major effort defending it, you might as well have no opinion at all. It’s a complete waste of time and a source of needless irritation.”
“Well…you’re probably right about that,” James sighs, “although I still think people should be more educated about money in school.”
“Is this about that whole levels thing?”
“Forget about that whole levels thing. But there’s no reason why you’re required to take, like, 13 years of frigging science classes, but could easily graduate without having the first clue about how to balance a checkbook, or the way the various tax loopholes work in this country. It’s silly. I’ve never used a single thing I learned in science class, ever, and I would bet that’s true of 99 percent of the population. Have you? Anyone who’s seriously interested in that line of education, they could pursue it as an elective, but let’s get real here…”
“Yeah but you’re an awesome outdoorsman, I mean, you got us across those mountains…”
“Everything I know about ‘outdoorsman’ type stuff I read in a book! You don’t learn about any of that kind of stuff in science class! Come on! I mean, don’t get me wrong, knowing the family and order and genus of lemurs or duck billed platypuses or whatever is fantastic and all but they should cap that as mandatory info at like sixth grade or something, if not sooner.”
“I don’t know, man,” Scott says, “I realize that given my history and all school’s kind of a touchy subject but…”
A half step ahead of him, James throws open the arena door. They find themselves roughly even with the upper deck of what appears to have been primarily a basketball court, at least in earlier and more normal configurations, seating somewhere in the ten to fifteen thousand range. Now a few casual souls drift about, strewn here and there throughout the second tier and below, an area that is illuminated only indirectly, via the soft glow radiating upward from a bank of lights pointed at a makeshift stage. This stage has been erected with bunting and banners squarely into the center of the court’s glistening floor, a space devoid of all else except those lights and the occasional empty cup or scrap of paper one would normally associate with a sporting event.
James and Scott share horrified glances as well as the same singular thought: “Logan!” they announce at the same instant, and fly back through the double doors, retracing their steps with a fury.



The mountains had demarcated a clean break in their routines, and somehow they had gotten away from actively scouting for potential enemy actions, say, or making any effort to recruit anyone new to the cause. It was an ideological waving of the white flag - not giving up themselves, for clearly they believed in this enough to break from the larger pack, but they recognized that they alone were likely ever going to be down for this particular cause. All in this single minded pursuit of the White House, which seems an obscenely preposterous notion now. In their plodding march across that elevated trail they had been as employees facing one last onerous task before quitting time, one they barely possessed enough energy to complete. If not for James she never would have agreed to this; with or without him, she is not sure she will again, whatever the cause.
Thoughts such as these are running through Jennifer’s head as she kills time here, arms crossed and yawning, waiting for Donna to wrap up her order in the coffee shop across the way. She holds down one square of the tiled mall causeway, zones out now and again, runs her mind through what their next move might be should this fail to work. As her gaze shifts and focuses at the somewhat distant point on the horizon where Donna is paying and yukking it up with yet another teenaged employee girl, sipping at her drink, she thinks about the transformation her sidekick has undergone just in the epoch of this odyssey, and that maybe time will reveal Donna to have had the best idea all along – find some charming spot in the countryside, wall it in, and turn your back to the world. She also thinks about Steve. She wonders at how he is doing now, if he is tearing up the Southern landscape. He was a damn handsome but inscrutable man, and who knows, maybe under different circumstances they might have…but then again, she has sort of accidentally fallen into the ideal personality type with James, somehow. Steve was both the type of guy she normally landed, and something much more than that. Kind of like the meta version of all the petty little jackasses she had bedded before – they had the cockiness part down but not the substance, not like he had. 
In the countless moments where she will reexamine every frame of this encounter, she isn’t quite sure how she knows that he is there, she just does. Her arms don’t exactly stand up on end, and her peripheral vision is definitely not so stout as to pick out figures floating past her some sixty degrees or so off to the left. But she supposes that we are on some level much more aware of our surroundings than we believe, and that in moments of duress these otherwise suppressed sensations are sometimes brought to the surface. 
The sudden impression of what and whom she has just seen crackles up her spine, and as she whips around to the left, then the right – only to have caught no definitive glimpse, merely the backside of this figure as he disappears into the swinging door of some English style pub – she glances up and catches the bleached white terror evident on Donna’s face, as she gasps and loses her grip on the just purchased coffee, which makes like an H-bomb upon hitting the floor.
Logan.
In a flash Jennifer has her gun draw and Donna is racing to keep up, as they kick their own way through these doors, into this cavern of a drinking establishment. Involuntarily, both stop cold in their tracks to allow a moment for their eyes to adjust. Aside from two old timers occupying a pockmarked table by the window that merely overlooks the mall causeway, and one even older gentleman huddled over a pint at the bar, this place is completely abandoned. On the help front however there is a tall twentysomething drink slinger behind the L shaped counter, sporting a black crew cut, clad in shirt and tie. Unable to spy the doctor anywhere here she advances on this bartender just as he’s pouring some clear shot.
“Where is he!?!” Jennifer demands, pistol in hand, as she approaches. Failing to receive a satisfactory response, she now points the gun directly in his face and repeats the question. “WHERE IS HE!”
The bartender, holds his hands up, and points with the left in the general direction of the men’s room. As this is an exceptionally cramped place – there are the three tables to the left of the entrance, and the bar, with little room to squeak past its captain’s chairs en route to the restroom – there can be doubt as to what he’s indicating. Still, he turns to look Jennifer in the eye, nods a few times, and points again.
Seconds later she and Donna have barreled their way into those cramped quarters, but draw up short at the sight of this man they’ve spent so much mental energy attempting to comprehend. Monsters never live up to the legend, even when that legend exists only in one’s head. Here they confront a short, slight, middle aged man, his head shaved to an eighth inch around the edges yet a curly steel wool scouring pad up top. He has gloves on fit for wintering at the Arctic Circle and instantly, against their will, they are lulled in by his rhythms. He dominates the conversation effortlessly, controls this tiny room – but of course, this conjuring trick is surely how he’s gotten this far. 
“…have you ever seriously examined what you’re doing, and why? Who is controlling whom? Elected officials in theory, but…one man at the head of the treasury, an appointed post, pulling the strings globally…and of course, here on the domestic front, the self-governing revenue collection agency…at the top of the food chain, above the law, beyond challenge…dare not question them, ever…”
Fortunately, there are limits to the extent of his influence upon them.
“You better start making sense fuckface!” Jennifer screams, and though she’s aware that she sounds like the heroine in a bad tv police drama, she’s also certain that this is pretty much how anyone in this position would speak and act, it arrives as a reflex, “now!” And shoves the gun flush against the back of his head. And yet the doctor barely budges, preferring instead to lock his gaze with hers through the medium of the mirror. When he speaks it’s as though he’s merely muttering to himself.
“Naturally, it’s not quite practical to let everyone live forever.”
And his words veer so sharply from the expected line of debate that Jennifer and Donna aren’t immediately certain how to respond. In fact from the beginning of this confrontation, back to the instant she dropped her coffee, Donna has deferred to Jennifer in totality, allowing the more naturally dominant personality to do its thing.
“I’m sorry, MAYBE I DIDN’T EXPLAIN MYSELF!” Jennifer screams, and the rage contorting her face, this is an alien experience from Donna’s vantage point, something she has not seen before from her female colleague. Yet Jennifer composes herself, and adds, “say something intelligent, say something meaningful. Explain yourself. Otherwise your brains are about to decorate that mirror, which, realistically, is better than you deserve…”
“Overpopulation is already a concern. But some of the more, shall we say, notable figures, you could almost see keeping them around for as long as they retain their utility.” 
Closest to him, Jennifer suddenly realizes that he has a doctor’s mask in his hands, held over the basin of the sink. He had been fiddling with that when they entered, and even now rubs the material with his fingers, staring straight ahead into the mirror at his own reflection, as if she and Donna do not exist at all. Abruptly he spins around, and she is so caught off guard by this, by the automatic weapon fire of thoughts going off one after another in her head, that she gasps and shifts backward a half step in place of following through with her threats of violence.
“Einstein?” Logan mumbles, and he is now transfixed at some indeterminate spot at roughly shoulder level, in between Jennifer and Donna. The baby blues of his irises are pushed aside by pupils that are dilated to what would seem their logical extreme, as if he were beholding the most intense sight ever witnessed by the human eye, “alive and well and…a well compensated consultant. Thomas Edison too from what I…”
Jennifer holds the pistol up for dramatic effect and cocks it. “Mother…fucker…,” she hisses by way of threat. Scowling, unflinching. Donna is glued in place by the tension in the room, by which Jennifer’s blonde cornrows even seem to stand a little taller in their corrugated waves.
“How old do you think I am?” Logan asks, abruptly shifting his gaze to meet Jennifer’s directly.
“ASSHOLE!” she shouts, and with equal swiftness now jams the barrel of the gun up under his chin with enough force to raise it slightly. And yet he regards her with calm confidence. “Fifty-five? The fuck do I care? Seriously, explain to me why I shouldn’t-
“No but add thirty years and you’d be in the ballpark,” he coolly intones, locking gazes at last through the buffer of this mirror.
“Bullshit,“ Jennifer hisses, fashioning a hesitant grip on her handgun, though drawing away from Logan, off to the side, as Donna wrings her hands and throttles the urge to leap into the fray between them, some kind of stunt, anything to break this tension.
 Logan faces her now, offering a Grade A smile of condescension. “You’re right. It’s bullshit. Go on back to Peoria and forget we had this chat.”
“Middlefork.”
“Wherever,” he sighs breezily, and Jennifer will forever marvel at the sequence of events to follow, her hesitation, and the erroneous notion that the key events in a person’s life always play out in slow motion. Reality is, it’s only the replay that churns out one frame at a time, the agonized analysis of what one might have done differently. For at the speed a life is actually ticking past, there is often a screeching inevitability bracketing the really bad moments, where you sense something is awry but are unable to put on the brakes.
 Logan fixes his face with the doctor’s mask, and neither she nor Donna does anything as he continues to mumble through it. In a sense this is precisely the information she has wanted, and at the same time, it only underscores the powerlessness of this position, the lack of any definable leverage despite the threat of the gun in her hand. She can blow his head off at any time, but will not, out of the fear of and curiosity toward whatever it is he knows, and Logan is banking upon this very leverage with precision.
“Of course…,” they can discern choppily, through the filter of the mask, as he speaks, “…an unfortunate…in the Carolinas…my attention to the shall we say…explosive power…one really good bomb…”
And it all happens so fast. Jennifer is no sooner barking, “okay you sick fuck! No more!” does she realize that he’s had something else cupped up in his one gloved hand all along, that it must have been underneath the doctor’s mask as he stood there at the sink. A tiny plastic bag of white powder, which he now brandishes. The weight of his slender frame shifts as he makes to move forward, around her, and just as she jabs the gun against his temple, intending to pull the trigger, he aims the open mouth of his own weapon, this little baggie, and gives it a good squeeze. Its contents discharge with a cloudy puff across her face, and she inhales a not insignificant portion. Though neither tasting like anything of note nor burning, the shock value is enough to incite a drawing away in her, and the squeezed trigger merely knocks out one panel of the mirror with the trajectory of the bullet. And Logan is out of there.
Jennifer screams and drops down into a squat, bats at her eyes. Donna stands completely immobilized for a moment though nothing is technically wrong with her. And then she is bent over, fumbling in her left sock for the tiny pistol everyone insisted she carry, she is racing out of the men’s room in pursuit. During the summer months she would have had this petite firearm lying casually in a pocket of her dress – after a sexy but untenable experiment of tucking it into the waistband of her panties lasted exactly one day – and that crucial difference in accessibility proves all the difference. The seconds lost by that and her indecision mean that by the time she makes it back out to the mall’s causeway, there is no sight of Logan, only of Scott and James barreling towards her in a clear panic, despite having no knowledge of the most recent encounter.
“Logan! It’s Logan! He’s here!” Donna shouts, and notices that she is jumping up and down for some reason, pumping her fists.
“We know, we know! Where is he?” Scott demands, holding her arms in place and therefore her body as well. He is redfaced and sweating, as animated as she has ever seen him. 
“I don’t know, I lost…,” she cuts off, and begins weeping openly.
“Where’s Jennifer?” James shouts, his own voice edgy with a barely contained panic.
“She was…he sprayed this…something in her face…and then he…something about explosives…,” Donna manages through her sobs. 
Their eyes go wide and they spin in a frantic circle, trying to take in all three hundred sixty degrees at once as if equipped with a thousand insect eyes. She too has only had time now to slow down and consider what this means, that they need to either track him down or get the hell out of here, or both. James starts toward the pub door but just now Jennifer comes crashing through it.
“Where have you…are you?” Donna cries.
“Go! Go!” Jennifer shouts and sprints through them, past them, and they follow her up one flight of faux marble steps, then another, and back out to street level. Nobody says a word, mainly because with her long legged stride she is a good fifteen yards ahead of Scott, even. A good three blocks away she finally slows down and is wiping at her eyes, as they catch up and she explains.
“I asked the bartender…Logan took off through the kitchen…I started to give chase but then realized what he said…”
And just then, the building they’d occupied a handful of moments earlier extends its lungs into the afternoon, announcing its presence as they suspected it would. A series of explosions rocket sideways, upwards, in every direction conceivable. Even here, nearly a half mile removed, they feel the heat from these blasts, have to steady themselves against nearby cars to remain standing upright. 



He should have smelled a setup. 
They were targeting their fifth compound in the past few months and up to this point Steve believes they have done an impeccable job in the scouting and execution of these forays, they have turned it into an assembly line, a yellow brick road. To keep the enemies on their toes he has even skipped past certain obvious targets and moved on to the next, he has had his troops dancing across the countryside in unpredictable patterns. While the bulk of his forces were preparing for the next attack, he would have a handful of men out scouting – and the process was proving a ridiculously simple one, for part of the problem in transporting a huge volume of anything was that you couldn’t exactly do so piecemeal. Thus he had his scouts watching for trains or barges or the curiously sparse aircraft, which would inevitably lead them straight into the next viable site.
True, noticeably less agents or officers or soldiers or whatever the fuck they are called were present with every successive raid. Steve was not deluding himself at this point that this wave of destruction was accomplishing anything of note, but that was the whole meaning behind this – there was nothing else to accomplish, period, just these cathartic bombings. Tracy at least understood. She had been through even more than he and had reached the same existential impasse, hence her willingness to part even with her own brother. Not that he would admit any of this even to his most rabid supporters, who generally believed in the cause, that they were “getting somewhere,” that they were “figuring things out” and “moving closer to the truth.” All a house of mirrors. 
Sure, he had a suffered a handful of losses and even fewer defections, but these bodies behind him were a steadily growing force. At the height of their powers they number somewhere in the neighborhood of a hundred and seventy five, and yet the larger they grew in number, the more elaborate and clever, it seemed, he was required to become in his plotting to avoid detection. Just a precautionary measure, as there was no evidence whatsoever that they were even being trailed. Those disturbing holograms had made their only appearances at that state park in South Carolina, and Steve began patting himself on the back that his measures were foolproof. These idiots were no match for his elevated mind. Even so, he was running into the same logistical dilemma, in a way, that the enemy was in its transportation of materials, these documents that he didn’t give a damn about, it really was all about destruction for destruction’s sake – how to remain invisible while traveling en masse. 
And so they move through large swaths of forest for days, weeks at a time, even though country highways would seem a more logical option. They become lean fighting machines, they learn to live off the land. Steve runs a tight ship and it is made crystal clear that he will tolerate no whining, no dereliction of duty, no subordination of any sort whatsoever. If an individual doesn’t care to hold up his end of the bargain and work toward the common goal of annihilating every discernable enemy outpost, he would be exiled permanently. With a couple notable exceptions, Steve really had not encountered much resistance.
The morning that it all goes up in flames they are camping in a semi-cleared section of woods just a few miles outside of Blanton, Tennessee. For months now they have avoided all civilization entirely, raiding the cupboards and refrigerators of remote country homes for food and supplies, eschewing towns altogether. That night, they are planning their attack on a nearby warehouse that the enemy is using for processing and destroying these documents – or so it is assumed, for with the last few raids they haven’t even bothered inventorying the buildings, they have merely gunned down every last soul and bombed out every orifice, then continued onward.
Disaster strikes and concludes in what seems like ninety seconds. Steve is in a jeep returning from his latest foray with binoculars to spy upon the enemy. Curiously, as had been the case with the last warehouse, there seemed to be virtually no one on hand to guard the place, just the relatively small group of drone workers unloading crate after crate, along with whoever was presumably inside by way of processors. They had actually recruited one such individual at a few stops back who pleaded, on his hands and knees and in tears, to accompany them. As Tracy had assured Steve that these individuals were harmless and not even fully aware of the bigger picture in which they were compliant – and as Tracy had been on the money with her knowledge in every other instance – this person, a Blake something or other, had been incorporated into their swelling army. 
But Steve had been scouting out every step of the operation one last time, assuring that all of the pieces were in place. The glow in the dark arrows, the different points of attack for various phases of assault. He is a mile or so out from his return when the helicopters are first audible, then visible, sailing up from behind and due strictly east, toward his assembled camp. This is bad, to say the least.
He is driving alone and pulls the jeep over under the closest thing that passes for cover, a bank of trees on the edge of the field he’d been cruising through. Ninety seconds, and it’s all over in a flurry of napalm. They carpet bomb the hell out of the place in a couple of passes and move on. This is his life’s great masterwork – family long forgotten for all intents and purposes, the existence he had known before, even his bizarre and brief protest by way of serial killing back when he still felt things were fixable in this world – all pebbles on the causeway leading him to his true calling here. Or this was how he looked at things in more optimistic times, anyway, his ascension to general of this fucked up but determined little army. At other occasions, he looked as his own unique skill set as merely a fortunate accident that had allowed him to survive this long, and everything that had occurred these past two years merely a reaction in dealing with it.
Steve comes as close to breaking down as he ever has in the numb moments that follow this ambush. A flask of vodka comes in mighty handy at this moment as he paces circles around the jeep and collects his thoughts, steadies his nerves. And then he drives toward the inevitable annihilation he is about to confront. 
The flames have completely consumed every square inch of their base, and the trees around them are rapidly catching fire as well. On the edge of this destruction he is relieved and amazed to find one survivor, Nick, whose right arm has almost completely melted off, who is screaming himself hoarse but otherwise spellbound by shock, as he stands in one place with a glazed over look on his face. Steve has to bark at him four times to climb into the jeep before he does. They dump an entire bottle of alcohol over the arm in a half assed attempt to sterilize it, then he sets about polishing off another orally. Violating his own customary rules, primarily because there is no other viable route out of here, Steve finagles his way through to the nearest country road and a short distance out encounters two more, Katherine and Adam, sitting cross legged by the side of the road, embracing one another and weeping. Steve recalls now that these two had been employed trying to rustle up some last minute supplies from the houses in the wooded hills around here, and that surely there were a handful others in their party sprinkled throughout the region, but damned if he is going out of his way to look for him. This mission is terminated.
He hauls ass in a vague eastern direction for hours. At some point he can tolerate Nick’s constant shrieking no longer and shoves him out of the jeep while it is moving. Nobody says a word and he keeps on driving.
Steve briefly considers finding his way back to Tom Hegeland’s farm to gather his thoughts and regroup, but has a better idea. Fuck it. There is nothing else left at this point.



“We really need to get you to a hospital,” James says.
“I’m not…going…to a hospital. Besides, who knows if they even exist anymore.”
“We could just see what happens here?” Donna suggests, “see if any, like, ambulances or medics or something show up.”
“I’m not going to a fucking hospital!” 
James grabs onto Jennifer’s right shoulder and whips her around. She is nearly as astounded by this as anything else that has transpired this day, in that he was rarely if ever this forceful. His points were usually subtle ones.
“What do you suppose he blasted you in the face with?”
“Who the fuck knows.”
“Exactly! Who the fuck knows! But do you think that, whatever it was, it would be classified as good? Something you would want your body exposed to?”
Jennifer’s uptight shoulders slump and James realizes he has scored a point, however slight. “Okay, okay! I will have it looked at when we stumble onto something. But I’m not gonna…we’ve got a mission here we’re on, I’m not…”
“Could be a slow acting poison,” Scott mumbles, even though he’s looking off at the carnage behind him and as usual appears mostly disconnected from the goings on here. 
Jennifer sticks a hand in his face to shut him up all the same, and finishes with, “…I’m not gonna allow us to get off track looking for some hospital that’s probably imaginary anyway. I mean, do you hear any sirens? Is anyone responding to this explosion at all?”
Her words hang in the air for a moment. Donna bites her lip and shifts her eyes eagerly from one combatant back to the other. At last, James, clearly holding back a great deal of the emotion he would rather express, offers a curt, “very well.” He then turns on his heels and starts walking, in the direction they were ostensibly headed.
For whatever reason, no one ever considers walking to the car they had been using. Aside from their fears of coming any closer to the smoldering remains of the shopping mall – because who knows if another explosion isn’t in the works, or for that matter a series of them, timed to go off in intervals – the notion seems counterintuitive to their needs, as it represents a move in the opposite direction, even if only briefly. With suspicion they also view the elevated train to their left, chattering back and forth along the rails. Most of the cars appear at the very least sparsely populated, and these surely aren’t all props, the riders up there, but it’s now as if that the more things unravel astray, the more determined they have become to do everything possible themselves, to dance in the other direction. If it isn’t within arm’s reach and they aren’t the ones turning the dials, they don’t trust it.
Exhausted, they pick a series of townhouses on the outskirts of town which look wholesome enough, traipse back to the rear row of them, darkened in their entirety, and throw a rock through a window beside the back patio. Donna, as the smallest of their party, once the latch has been thrown and the window opened, the screen slashed, crawls through and lets the others in via a sliding glass door in the kitchen.
The power still works in this town, as they had supposed it might. They are also relieved to not find any rotten pet carcasses, no funky smells, nothing weird. As has become wordlessly customary all family photos – in this instance a goofy, mechanic looking type with poodle-do black hair and moustache, she an apparently dimwitted blonde, likely newlyweds as there are no children pictured – are flipped around, all personal touches shoved into drawers. Wondering about the fate of a place’s former occupants is inevitable and depressing enough, one doesn’t need visual stimuli to exacerbate the situation.
True gentlemen, they let the women shower first. This is just their second night back amongst civilization and already, it seems a minor miracle that they were ever able to survive without such creature comforts as refrigerators and televisions and yes, the beloved shower. It surely took twice as long away, if not longer, to forget about such things as it did to become reattached to them upon reentry. Donna is the first to hit the bathroom while Scott sits at the kitchen table, popping blisters on his feet and applying peroxide to them, some small packaged children’s bandages with cartoon dinosaurs on them. James occupies another seat, choking down a can of some truly wretched cheap beer he found in the fridge’s vegetable drawer. Jennifer is in the backyard smoking.
“What do you think about what the girls said Logan was telling them?” Scott says.
“I don’t know. What part of it?”
“What if it were true, what if they’d figured out a way to…I don’t know…subvert nature’s basic plan?”
James nods and inhales slowly, lets out an exhale of matching duration. “Oh, you mean if theoretically we could live forever, or at least a long long time?” When Scott nods, though keeping his eyes applied to the task at hand, the repair of his somewhat gnarled feet, James continues, “that’s actually been on my mind for years. I always wonder how much time passes before you become a completely different person, for no reason other than boredom. Do you start robbing banks after five hundred years just to shake things up? Murdering after a thousand? Or would there really be people who would slog their way through the same nine to five job for a millennia or two?”
“See, now, owing to my religious background,” Scott says, “we were always taught to see those kinds of questions through what you might call biblical terms.”
“As in…”
“As in, what would happen in a godless society? And thinking the same things, that people eventually start stealing, murdering, et cetera. Half the time I think people don’t necessarily have such devout faith, but they’re worried what happens when nobody else buys it, either.”
“It sad, isn’t it, what we have to believe just to make our days bearable…,” James sighs.
“That may be true. But the fact remains that people are terrified of a godless society. Imagine a place where nothing’s held sacred, then try to picture how you’re…gonna hold onto what matters in your own life.”
“Yeah but I don’t believe in any god. There’s lot of people who don’t,” James points out.
“Right, but…you’re kind of dependent on a whole lot of other people believing, in a way. If it were made clear that there was no god, or at least nobody believed in one anymore, the reasons for doing anything outside of, shall we say, uh, total self gratification, it flies out the window. We’ll realize how flimsy this…this…”
“Fabric of polite society?” James suggests.
“Yes! Exactly! We will realize how flimsy this is.”
“Well,” James says, “regardless of what’s going on right now in the world, however this shakes out…regardless even of my opinion of whether there is or isn’t some higher power…like I’ve said before, this debate is going to be settled within the next, say, two hundred years, tops.”
“You really think so?” Scott chuckles. Just then, the sliding glass door opens and Jennifer returns, bringing with her a wicked hacking cough. “Hey, smoke another one!”
“Fuck off,” she says, “that philosophical enough for you two?”
“Oh, you heard all that?”
“Hell yeah I heard all that. The window’s busted out, remember?”
“Anyway…,” Scott groans, “two hundred years?”
James shrugs and explains, “or something like that. It’s an arbitrary figure. Before people figure out how to live forever, if there is a god, he will surely show himself before then. We would not be allowed to make this happen. And if it did, it would prove there was no god. Or at least people would lose all reason to believe in one.”
“Oh no,” Scott corrects, “people would always find a reason to believe. It wouldn’t matter how much proof you ever came up with otherwise. Religions always evolve and adapt to fit the, uh, what you might call, available evidence.”



With no good reason to do otherwise, Steve begins taking Katherine to bed every night. She is not exactly reluctant and not exactly enthusiastic, though at this point, her concerns are the least of his. There seems little reason to get hung up on technicalities now. This is just something for them to do to pass them time although, truth be known, he thinks about Tracy incessantly whenever he’s slamming into Katherine, or with his eyes closed as she’s blowing him. He would have put a bullet in Eldorado’s head if he thought that would have done the trick, but one just doesn’t go around blasting people, particularly as there was no guarantee Tracy would be impressed by such a stunt. In all likelihood, she would have picked up the nearest firearm and fired back at him in return. Not that any of this conjecture matters now, the way things had ended.
For some reason his mind keeps returning to that meth head who drove a tank through the streets of Los Angeles a number of years back, flattening everything in sight. This seems like an excellent idea right now – the tank part, that is, not that other shit – just roll and roll and roll until they bring him down. That inconsequential parasite James might have had the right concept after all, at least as far as the destination was concerned, if not the intent: spearhead that tank right on through the gates of the White House, annihilate everything in sight, move on to the Capitol if they haven’t already bombed him to a crisp. Except tanks aren’t exactly readily available. Even when there were such things as classified ads, armored tanks registered way down the list of likely finds, to say the least. He wishes now he would have learned how to fly a plane.
They reached their current destination at the tail end of one arduous fourteen hour drive, following the destruction of their base. He did not give up the wheel of his jeep once that entire time. Some element of this backwoods crisscrossing reminded him of his military stint, the time on Guam, and by the extension the day their vehicle flipped over. He supposes that’s why he was drawn to this ride, why this was one of a handful he continually returned to. At any rate, he felt comfortable behind it, and the fourteen hours passed in a hazy blur. He was quite drunk on the vodka bottle he kept pulling with his right hand, driving with his left, and nobody said a damn word. What could they offer? He looks up at one point and realizes that his left hand is bleeding profusely, and upon closer inspection it is cut all to hell. Tracing his thoughts backward he vaguely remembers punching the side mirror off once while stopped for gas, but is certain that had he not noticed this blood he never would have remembered doing so. Conveniently, they are in need of gas again when he makes this observation, so he stops and feels up, Katherine dumps peroxide on the hand and wraps it, they are on the road again.
The fourteen hours were necessary just to get his head straight and figure out their next move. He ditches the notion of dropping in on Hegeland as well as some of the more outlandish concepts he’d entertained earlier in this wayward trek. Laying low at that farm for a couple days and possibly rustling up some more recruits has its appeal, but in reality he is far too agitated to sit still. They have almost no weapons left, nor any supplies, and he too feels consumed by this sudden burning desire to take his complaints directly to the source, so to speak. 
They roll into this midsized city not too far from their destination, and Steve figures this will do. Though an elevated train rattling overhead has visible bodies occupying it, moving in both directions, nobody’s getting off at any of the stops here, and the town appears completely deserted. He is cruising through the stately, modern downtown streets, composed of brand new reddish brown bricks which match a vast majority of the buildings. They pass a solitary figure leaning against the exterior of an opulent hotel, smoking a cigarette. He is wearing a white dress shirt with the top button undone, black dress slacks, a younger kid somewhere in his early twenties. Steve crawls past the hotel, which features an abnormally wide marble entranceway between a café front and a coffee shop, both permanently and prematurely put out of business, by the looks of things. The entranceway leads back to the hotel proper, which is buttressed on both sides by office buildings and shops. He puts the jeep in reverse and slowly backs up to where the man is standing.
“Excuse me, kind sir!” Steve calls out with excessive joviality, almost to the point of chuckling for no clearcut reason. He notices that the kid’s hands are shaking as he lifts the cigarette to his mouth.
“Yes?”
“Might you have any rooms to let?”
“There’s….there’s n-nobody else here.”
“Nobody?”
“Y-yes…I mean n-no…wh-whatever….there’s nobody staying here.”
“Perfect!” Steve says with a grin. In one seamless motion, he withdraws a pistol and fires a shot squarely between the dude’s eyes, as he crumbles to the pavement. “We’ll take it!”
With little faith in Katherine or this dimwit Adam to conduct a thorough investigation, he has the two of them sit in the jeep and block the front entrance. By this he means quite literally, as he first aligns the vehicle up precisely with the marble entranceway, then backs the jeep up onto the sidewalk and all the way down, till its back bumper is flush against the hotel’s front doors. 
As those two sit he begins his sweep. The first order of business is verifying all contingency exits, of which, as it is sandwiched on both sides by those buildings, there is just one other, an emergency escape out the back of the hotel’s kitchen. But this is deadbolted shut and for good measure hooked up to an alarm, though he pushes every last piece of equipment on wheels he can over to block its path – refrigerators still humming away, ice cold warmers that have not seen practical use for some time, a few metal tables. He then inspects the rooms.
It becomes quickly apparent that the bellhop or whoever the hell that kid had been was keeping quarters in the room nearest the front desk, just down the hall. This was obvious both in that the door was propped open – either he hadn’t felt like fooling with the magnetic key system, or couldn’t figure out how to disarm it – and the state of extreme disarray. Down in the basement, Steve knocks out the circuits for running the elevator, which leaves only the grand carpeted staircase up front and an emergency fire stairwell near the back to worry about. The latter of these he’s able to seal off in much the same manner as he had the kitchen’s rear exit, by moving a bunch of furniture from a couple nearby rooms to make this route an extremely arduous and ineffective option, to say the least. And then he begins sweeping the rooms – not in the manner that a maid might, but with an AK-47 and a bulletproof vest.
Four hours and eight floors later, he’s determined there truly is no one else in this hotel. He does find one presidential suite with a view of picturesque Main Street Whereverthefuckthisis which the kid apparently favored, too, maybe for variety’s sake, but otherwise the rooms are unused. A short while later, Steve’s standing outside, up against the pink limestone walls lining the marble causeway, and it is now somewhere in the neighborhood of 4am. Adam and Katherine are doing the same, but near one another, a handful of paces down the wall. They are eyeing him with understandable distrust, whispering something to one another. He recognizes that he lost his head for a minute there, or rather, for about fifteen hours there, beginning with the moment he shoved Nick out of the car, but is feeling more or less his normal self again. Even so, he expects these two to commit mutiny the first chance they get.
“What?!” He asks, the next time Katherine shoots him a suspicious glance.
Katherine walks up to him shaking her head. She throws her cigarette on the ground and hisses directly in his face, “you shouldn’t have shot that boy. He didn’t do anything. You shouldn’t have shoved Nick aside like that, and you shouldn’t have shot that boy!”
He watches in amazement as Katherine strides over to the jeep, hops inside, and flops down into the passenger seat, all the while casting him another dirty look. Are people fucking idiotic or what? Surely by now she realizes what he is capable of. Still, as had been the case with Tracy and possibly even Jennifer, it kind of turns him on whenever he encounters the rare female who stands up to him. 
This winds up being the first night they sleep together. He makes his advances and she doesn’t resist. And so by darkness this more or less becomes the routine, as by day he meanders from house to department store to pawn shop, turning up the city for any useable piece of artillery whatsoever. Outside of a few decent sized knives, there is nothing.



“Goddammit!” James screams, and kicks the wall hard enough to put the toe of his boot clean through it.
“James!” Donna shouts, from her chair on the other side of the room, “get it together!”
Jennifer, seated on the hospital bed, chews her gum nonchalantly and eyes the two of them, back and forth again. James as he paces the room, agitated, Donna in the board stiff chair so uncomfortable she merely rests her butt here and leans forward, elbows on her knees. Though she hasn’t been coughing much, headaches, fever, and a runny nose have plagued Jennifer for the past two days. Even so, she had not actively sought out help, and surely would not have found any if they hadn’t stumbled upon this clinic directly in their path to D.C.
The nurse who has been attending them enters the room, a lovely saint in curly brown hair and a name tag that reads Paula. She offers a terse formality of a smile to each as she enters.
“Whatever it is you have, I’m guessing it’s some biological warfare type virus. But,”
“Wait what do you mean whatever it is she has?” Donna interrupts.
“What I mean is that whatever she has, we can’t test for it here and it might weeks before we found someone who could,” Paula says, taking care to make pointed eye contact with Donna. To Jennifer she turns and offers, “I’m suggesting you stay here. Let us monitor you, we figure out what’s wrong, we treat it or at least stabilize it.”
“No. Huh uh. Fuck that,” Jennifer says, with a vehement shake of the head.
“You haven’t gotten any other cases like this?” James marvels, incredulous, “but you must be the only clinic within…”
“That’s why we’re situated where we are. This wasn’t an accident. I don’t know if you noticed but every other road between here and D.C. is shut down. This is the only way in. And no, we haven’t.”
“None?” Donna says, “I just find that hard to believe, considering…I mean, it’s not like before by any means, but there are still a ton of people about. Well, maybe not a ton, but…we were just at this shopping mall not even an hour’s drive from here…”
“Right, you mentioned that.”
“And you’ve heard nobody else mention this Dr. Logan? You haven’t heard any stories about mass poisonings, or bombings, or whatever?” James suggests in a derisive, disbelieving tone.
“LOOK. There are three of us working here, that’s it, and we average maybe one person a day dropping in on us at that. We’re not even doctors, we’re RNs, so there’s an obvious limit to what we’re even able to deal with. We don’t see that many people, clearly. But yes, we hear all sorts of insane things about people being poisoned, and bombs going off, there’s even allegedly been these ambush attacks on government compounds, but I tend not to believe any-
“But we are the ones…,” Donna starts, before James holds up a hand to cut her off.
“And you haven’t seen anything like this before?” he says.
“I haven’t seen anything like this before.”
“Fuck!” James shouts, shields his eyes as he turns and faces away from everyone, stands in the corner a second to collect his thoughts. Then, to Jennifer, he implores once more, “why don’t you stay here? I’ll stay with you, we all will, maybe they can figure this out.”
“Forget it! I’m not derailing the mission! Whatever happens, happens, but we are going to finish this!”
“The mission?” Paula asks, in a tone one might normally reserve for nutjob UFO enthusiasts.
“We’re on our way to Washington to get some answers!” Donna cheerfully explains, after James unsuccessfully attempts to wave her off again. 
Paula fashions a smile that is half well wishing, half condescension, and says, “you people have a nice day.”
“That’s it?” James barks, “all you have to tell us is have a nice day? Like we’re the fucking stupid ones?”
Jennifer, standing now, steps between her man and this nurse, places both hands on his chest. “James, James…”
“You’re examining patients who might or might not have a ‘biological warfare type virus’ without even so much as a mask on?” James continues, “isn’t that pretty fucking stupid?”
“Yes, you absolutely correct,” Paula shrugs, “it’s stupid as hell. This whole setup here is stupid. We’re not getting paid – why should I even bother? I could just sit at home popping in one old movie after another until they cut the power, I could drink myself silly. I could put a gun to my head, even, and pull the trigger. But I felt like – I don’t know – that I might want to offer some HELP to people, however meager.”
“Blow it out your fucking ass,” James curses, as Jennifer is busy shooing him out into the hallway.
“No really, you should come with us, he’s normally the level headed one and much more calm than this, we all are, really, you should just come with us,” Donna breathlessly intones.
“You people have a nice day,” Paula repeats, with a mechanical smile, and locks the reception area’s door behind them.
Out on the sidewalk they find Scott sitting crosslegged, with a pile of what looks suspiciously like Beef Manor, Sandwich Time, and Starch Palace drive thru speaker parts amassed beside him. He is tinkering with one such set, studying it with intense scrutiny as he apparently assembles their latest walkie talkie component. 
“What the hell was that!” Jennifer screams at James with enough ferocity that Scott jumps while seated, not the easiest feat in the world. He clearly had not even noticed they were approaching, so consumed is he by his work, “you’re supposed to be the rational one keeping us all in line. We need that. I especially need that.”
“If we wanted someone to just keep quiet and stew until he explodes we would have tapped my man Scott,” Donna jokes. 
“You’re right, you’re right, you’re both right,” James says. He is rubbing his head with one hand, back and forth, lets out a long, slow exhale as a means of reducing tension, “I just lost my head for a second. It won’t happen again.” He turns his attention now to his lifelong best friend, observing, “as for this guy: weren’t you supposed to be guarding the building?”
“Yeah, but fuck it. Nothing was gonna happen. I got bored. Here, I’m done with the first set…”



Bored with compiling the raw parts to make bombs, Steve walks off on a fact finding mission to the nearest elevated train depot. Much to his surprise, neither Adam nor Katherine has defected from whatever shell of a half baked team this was, and he personally has enjoyed a much brighter outlook on their prospects in the past day or so. He supposes that a great deal of this has to do with getting laid, which tends to brighten even the dreariest existence.
He wouldn’t know what the hell he was doing when it came to making explosives anyway – watching Scott at work had taught him every little, and it was beneath him to ask for help with anything. Give him a gun any day of the week, he is at home, and this is what he trudges along with now: an M-16 strapped to his chest, at the ready. In his spare time, which is to say pretty much every fucking minute of the past six days, he has taken to going house to house around town to rustle up any bomb making supplies he stumbled across, as nothing of use whatsoever was to found in any of the stores he examined.
Steve ascends the skeletal metal stairwell that leads to the station, some three blocks from their hotel. In the wake of commanding such a relatively vast army for months, it still spooks him out to some degree walking such city streets alone. He is responsible for no one now, and all his planning revolves around a factor of one; maybe he will have additional help, maybe not, but either way he is not counting on it. 
From afar these cars appear completely normal, and even sparsely populated with living, breathing people. The train makes stops at regular intervals, but in all his time spent surreptitiously watching this operation, nobody has ever gotten off. He has stood on the third or fourth floor from buildings at three different locations around town, at different points along the line, with binoculars in hand, and in each instance the result is identical. It has gotten so that he is able to observe that the same figures are occupying the same seats every trip, every hour of the day, in both directions. But yesterday, for the first time, he notices two guys and a girl, all from a distance appearing to be in their early twenties, clowning around in the back of the very last car. Bearing northeast along the track to D.C. Flickering in and out of focus up on the platform, as is its custom, that weird hologram of an agent seeing all, surely spotting them as they zip on past. Except that when that same car returns – No. 3713 – a little over an hour later, it is devoid of those three occupants and back to its customary schematic.
Knowing full well the likely idiocy of this reconnaissance mission, he feels compelled nonetheless to survey the scene. What Tracy had said about avoiding these intelligent holograms was surely true, but he has seen no reason to fear an immediate threat from them. And so there is one standing in the left hand corner of the platform as he reaches the pinnacle, ever so slightly flickering as they do, the only real sign that this is not an actual human. Well, that and its unchanging, unflinching state, a statue beamed in by remote. 
The platforms are open air, bordered by iron rails that have been painted a soothing green somewhere between pine and primary. Train cars a similar color, and as it whooshes to a stop buried halfway inside the orange-red brick station, he contemplates boarding but thinks better of it. And then he is across the concrete floor of this second level platform, back down on the street. He is in the white SUV he has claimed as his own personal ride ever since the jeep became permanently lodged before the hotel – oh, it is still perfectly mobile, but nobody would dream – and roaring northeast out of town, blowing through traffic lights that still change for an audience of zero.
Steve has inspected the perimeter on a couple of occasions, has determined that there is exactly one viable route remaining by arriving from the south, by crossing the Potomac, and just one corresponding entrance from the north. Everything has been shut off, closed down, blasted away. But it never occurred to him to trace this train track to its terminus, which might actually prove important.
Naturally, the train car he is trailing beats him there by a good half hour. After parking and observing that it dead ends into another orange-red brick station, a story up as the others are but two or three times as large, and determining that it is not guarded by actual humans, only one stationary hologram on the roof, he hangs out and waits for the next arrival. Problem is, there are no living and breathing passengers on this one, nor the one to follow, merely more dummies or props or version 2.0 of the holograms or whatever it is that’s filling those seats, the same occupants each time, but fuck it, he has all day. He breaks into a coffee shop across the street and brews successive hearty batches of Brazilian something or other, he runs through the entire miserable CD collection of whoever it was who’d owned this SUV before.
Finally, well after sunset, as he studies via binoculars the sickly greenish yellow lit interior of each car of the approaching train, they are all crammed full of unfamiliar faces, animated bodies clearly human and alive. He can make out no other difference between this shipment, so to speak, and any other, with that one obvious exception. The occupants vary in body language from jubilant to indifferent to terrified, and run the gamut in ages (he has noticed ever since this ordeal began a definite incongruity in the number of children proportionate to adults; the only theory he can come up with is that those parents with young ones still at home were probably more likely to take wild chances to keep that family intact, and thus had been eradicated early on, whereas the single person was more inclined to say fuck it and hole up somewhere), though they have all in common, he’s sure, that this will be the end of their formerly divergent lines. 
Sure enough, the train is swallowed up in its entirety by the station, and then there is one gigantic flash of white, and then this two headed beast, capable of moving in both directions, merely takes off in the other direction. Completely devoid of people now, populated exclusively by those dummies which were perpetually loaded by default. 
Now that he’s come this far, he drifts a little further than he has before into the nation’s capital. He notices that all of the prominent and important buildings have been walled off by twelve feet tall brick seals that he’s pretty sure were not in place up until very recently. Creepier still, every so often he encounters figures standing beside the open driver’s side front doors of limousines, parked at curbs, actual real and functional walkie talkies in hand, as they speak to whomever and watch his every move. He does not wear out his welcome here.



“I don’t miss the traffic,” Scott says, as it is his turn behind the wheel, “that’s what I don’t miss. These idiots coming down the on ramp…yield, motherfucker! The sign says YIELD!” He laughs, “not, OKAY, NOW JUST SORT OF SLIDE SIDEWAYS INTO TRAFFIC AT 45 MPH, PLEASE, NO MATTER WHO IS APPROACHING OR WHAT THE SITUATION IS.”
“My thing was always people riding my ass,” James snickers from the back seat, “it’s like, okay, if you’ve already established that you’re gonna hang out half a car length from my back bumper, regardless of the speed, wouldn’t I want to drive as slowly as possible, then? Wouldn’t that make more sense? So yeah, buddy, I’m gonna slow it on down there. You’re definitely not inspiring me to drive FASTER, that’s for damn sure.”
“See now? This is the James,” Jennifer hacks, putting the thought in limbo, “this is the James I was talking about.” Seated beside her man in the back of this flimsy white 1980s Honda they’ve been reduced to jacking. She beams at him, and, uncharacteristic for this duo – at least in the absence of excessive drink – they start necking like teenagers en route to their first drive-in movie. When Scott says as much, he too by appearances in a more outgoing mood than is customary, this jars Donna into joining the discussion.
“I used to think like you guys, but I had an epiphany one day while I was at the movie theater. A normal movie theater,” Donna says, and she is wringing her hands, staring out the side window at a rare lengthy corn field, positioned beneath a menacing metallic sky, as they travel between towns, “but it was like, this situation where I’m at the concession stand, and there are six different registers or whatever, but only one of them’s open, and there’s no real actual line, just this hodgepodge of people standing in wait. I had gotten there late because the traffic was shitty, and all my friends were already in the theater, but I was thirsty as hell and wanted something to drink. So I’m standing there thinking about what assholes everyone is, the way they were driving, weaving around, riding my ass, speeding up and slowing down, the stupid goddamn Lookaround Maneuver as Scott calls it, all of that.”
“My favorite was when I was trying to do the right thing by moving into the left lane as I approached an interstate on ramp,” Scott interjects, either feverish to get this point across or paying no attention to his woman at all, “then everyone coming down the ramp would almost always break into two groups. Jackass Group A would fly up the right hand lane and try to whip in front of you, Nimrod Group B would do an immediate double lane change, ride your tail like you were doing something wrong.”
“I was talking!“ Donna protests, “But anyway…as I mentioned there’s no real head to this line…yet whoever was next up, it was just kind of like this general consensus, everyone would just kind of nod and point, you know, you’re next. These same assholes who’d been flying around out there on the interstate maybe fifteen minutes earlier, even, here they’re extremely deferential, nobody’s, like, just strutting to the front of the line and saying to hell with everyone. Nobody jumps line at the grocery store, either, nobody really jumps line anywhere. But why?”
“Hmm, maybe they should put a concession stand at the Mexican border then, too,” James jokes, as he playfully pulls away from Jennifer while she sucks at his neck.
“So then,” Scott continues, making his own point, “it’s like do I speed up or slow down? Or maintain exactly the speed limit in this spot? Who the fuck knows? These people are morons.”
“No, but seriously,” Donna says, wrapping up her disparate observation, “the most obvious reason for this disparity is that the way people drive, they don’t actually think they’re doing anything wrong.” 
“Thus they are…not…ass douches?” Jennifer questions.
“Exactly.”
“See, now, I just don’t buy it,” Scott says, “I know what you’re saying, but…”
“I have to disagree as well,” James pipes up, “I think the key difference is you are face to face at the grocery store, or in line at the movies. Riding around on the highway like you‘re trying to win the Impatient Asshole of the Year award…that car is the perfect passive-aggressive bubble that lets you get away with being a complete tool.”
Beside him, Jennifer begins a violent coughing sequence that has her spitting up blood into the white handkerchief she’s kept cupped in one hand for the duration of this ride. As always seems the case, James is at a loss to know how to respond. If pretending he doesn’t notice makes him come across as being callous, indifferent, or if not mentioning it and remaining upbeat means he is a positive influence. Sadly, he is also all too well aware that neither attitude actually changes anything, it is only the perception of such by the last three people left on earth that really matter to him which comes into play here.
“Maybe it’s my condition…,“ Jennifer wheezes, “but I can’t help wondering…how do you think that whole…universal health care…concept…would have played out?” 
James understands that this casual chattiness, much like backseat makeout session, is so out of character for her that it displays a clear trepidation of the future, that she has little faith in a happy ending. “Thorny subject, isn’t it? Kind of like domestic drilling. Almost like there is no actual right answer,” he fires back, nearly robotically, having little enthusiasm or interest in the topic right now but able to generate comments such as these on autopilot.
“I think subjects like those boil down to whether you think the government is supposed to have the perfect answer for everything that could possibly go wrong in your life, or if you think they should stay the hell out of your life,” Scott chortles.
“Part of the problem with this health care business was that you know there were all kinds of medical cures out there which they kept secret from us,” Donna theorizes.
“Oh horseshit,” Jennifer blurts out, just before another nasty coughing fit takes hold.
“Excuse me?”
“I tend not to buy into all this medical conspiracy nonsense, either,” James says, “if it can be proven that something works, and there is money to be made from it, then somebody is going to do it. It’s just that simple.”
“Yeah but if you’re talking about doctors and the medical industry then that’s a powerful, powerful lobbying force there,” Donna says, “or at least it was. But they never actually wanted to fix anything. They tried to keep you alive, sure, but only alive enough to pay for surgeries and keep doling out for prescriptions. And if they’ve got governmental guarantees of a certain amount of dough every month from every American, even better.”
“What Americans?” Scott cracks.
“Have you been to a pharmacy lately?” James asks, “seriously, let’s pop into the next one we drive past. They have enormous displays of vitamins, these vitamins take up half the store. They don’t care from which angle you get well, only that you do, but a lot of it is the throw some shit on the wall and see what sticks approach. I think it’s more like we are only human and only have so many answers than it is some giant all encompassing conspiracy.”
“Yeah, but you look at the way our life expectancy has increased just in the past century. You can’t tell me…,” Donna says.
“You know the funny thing about this ballyhooed ‘life expectancy’ increase?” James retorts, “the vast majority of that stems from the fact that people don’t die so much before the age of one anymore. If you would chart how long you would expect to live if you made it the age of one, seventy five years ago versus today, it’s almost exactly the same. And the rest is made up from most of the dangerous occupations no longer being worked by anyone.”
“Okay kids,” Jennifer wheezes, hunched over the cloth splayed out in her left hand, “this is…this is…usually you’re the ones telling me to knock it off. This heated debate shit doesn’t solve anything.”
“Well, maybe not directly,” Donna mutters, arms crossed now as she glares straight ahead at the windshield.
“How’s the ol’ life expectancy charting these past two years?” Scott jokes.
As the fields end, they draw into the outskirts of another small town, an upper middle class suburban slash university community by all appearances. As far as anyone can tell from their gas station map, they are about a half hour away from D.C. None of them still has the first clue what they’ll do once they arrive there, and if James’s notions do indeed call to mind some Jimmy Stewart movie from the 50s, it’s only because he’s never set foot in this territory. Once there, he’s confident either he or someone else will improvise on a dime another stopgap solution to their quandary of the moment, just like they’ve always managed up to this point.
Drawing through the red bricked streets of this faux ancient downtown – surely revitalized by this concerted effort, determinedly making it look old within the past ten years – what draws their eyes first is the way this jeep is wedged against the front door of a stately hotel. And then they notice the three individuals huddled around smoking cigarettes off to the side of it, and to a person the occupants of this vehicle find their jaws are just about dropping to the floor.
“You have got to be fucking kidding me….,” Donna says.
“Stop the car, stop the car!” Jennifer urges.
But before she’s even so much as finished the thought, Scott has already thrown it in park, flung open his door and begun stomping his way off toward his intended target.



“Roasted alive,” Steve’s telling Scott. He has his hands on his hips and a defiant, challenging expression, nearing a smirk, upon his lips as he says this. “The helicopters came and it was over in a minute and a half. Napalmed everyone to smithereens.”
“But…but…who…who did they get?” Scott stammers, clearly on the brink of a weeping breakdown.
“Everyone. Napalmed everyone. Roasted alive,” Steve replies, and again his expression would indicate he’s enjoying this exchange with Scott – not necessarily the information itself, but definitely the delivering of it. Or maybe the information itself, too, it was as always impossible to fully read this guy.
“Now hang on, sweetie,” Katherine cuts in, patting Scott on the shoulder.
“How did you guys make it out?”
“Well, fortunately, we had a few scouts out away from the site, but what I’m trying to tell you is that your sister wasn’t even…,” Katherine begins to explain, but is cut off by Steve, who actually forces his arm in under hers and pulls Scott away.
“Alright, alright, enough of this pampering shit,” Steve says, and with his mannerisms and his speech, ever since that carpet bombing debacle, it’s as though he’s become a complete caricature of his former self. He no longer cares enough to keep certain behaviors in check, and willfully exaggerates others. “I have a more pressing concern for my man here.”
He leads Scott into the jeep and over it, remaining as it does a ridiculous yet effective roadblock. They jump off the backside and breeze into the hotel, through the maroon velvet furniture and bear pelt rug of the lobby, down a hall and into a spacious conference room where Steve has just one oval table near the door mounded with a hodgepodge of electronic pieces, wires, blasting caps, and other components for the apparent construction of bombs.
“I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing here. Chances are I’d blast my fingers off sooner or later the more I tinkered with this shit,” Steve says, with a chuckle indicating genuine amusement and camaraderie here, in a more familiar element, “do you mind? Our next move is to knock down a few walls, so to speak. They’ve got all the major buildings up there completely barricaded and guarded.”
Scott, numb with the sensory avalanche, the emotional deluge, of all they’ve endured to this point, mutely nods and sits down as an automaton would, confronting the task at hand.



James wonders at the end, how and when it will arrive, if it will prove gentle and abrupt, or a vicious, drawn out nightmare. 
He and Jennifer have just battled their way – for there is almost no other accurate phrase to describe the experience – through what would surely be their final sexual encounter. At times she does appear to enjoy herself, at others it’s more of an eyes closed, lip biting episode, though she insists he continues until both are too sore to move. Now she sleeps, in the seclusion of this last room on the eighth and tallest floor, while he sits in an exceedingly uncomfortable office chair situated by a small table, chin in elbow as he watches her and thinks.
Whether just a show put forth on his behalf or an authentic optimistic moment, she had seemed like her cool, casually outgoing old self yesterday afternoon, when they quote unquote checked in here. They’d even snickered their way through the now familiar stunt of signing in, as she penned the name Annie Occident into the guest book and he, shot clock ticking with the pressure to be clever, scribbled in Morgan Likely below it. They had giggled their way like newlyweds upstairs to the finest suite they could find, claiming the entire floor as their own and instructing everyone else to come nowhere near it.
In truth, they both are aware that despite whatever nurse Paula may have had to say on the subject, Donna and Scott were not entirely convinced that Jennifer wasn’t contagious, and these fears were soon enough whispered to Adam and Steve and Katherine as well. To his credit Steve is either too cocky or too crazy or all around too preoccupied to care, and views them with something almost akin to sincere concern. Indifference even would have been preferable, anything but these lame excuses for everyone to stay away.
Right out of the gate they fell into bed here and started fooling around, and it looked like a much needed tension reliever of a good fuck was in the cards. But Jennifer was suddenly overcome with a violent coughing fit, which led to her spitting up blood. She also spent most of the night sitting on the toilet, ejecting foul substances he couldn’t even begin to dream of – having dozed off and woken with a start somewhere around four in the morning, he peeked in on here, and she was asleep seated on the throne, head propped against her folded up arms on the sink. The stench was ungodly, her skin pasty and a sickly green hue somehow at the same time. 
She was the most amazing woman he’d ever met. Beyond the superficiality of the stunning looks and swagger he know he would have been far too intimidated by – and social leagues upon leagues removed from – had he known her back in their high school days. Secrets revealed in gradual layers seemingly on a daily basis, untold skills, and in all she’d suffered in the past few days since Logan ambushed her, she had not complained once. She was clearly dying, and yet not a single peep.
“James?” she croaks, and he had been so consumed by these thoughts that his elbow slips off the table and he smacks on the chair’s metal arm. Wincing as he grabs it with his right hand, he rushes over to her side.
She’d had the blankets pulled up to her neck despite the relatively balmy temperature they have the thermostat set to. He sees that she is sweating profusely and could have conceivably lost double digit pounds somehow just since the last time he’d looked in on her – probably a mirage, but that it is such a convincing one testifies to the degree of her illness. He doesn’t expect that she will last the night. James flops down on the bed beside her and begins caressing her hair, the immaculate cornrows she’d maintained all this time the one thing about her, possibly, that has not changed.
“I was just thinking,” she offers in a near whisper, “isn’t it odd…we’ve never said…you know…”
“Oh no,” she says, and offers a forced laugh, “you getting soft on me, now? You’re not talking about the dreaded L word, are you?”
Her forehead compresses and wrinkles as if the effort of composing thought alone took all her remaining strength. She doesn’t look up at him, as her eyes remain level, focused no higher than the sheets pulled up before her.
“Well why not?” she wheezes, “if it’s cheesy, then let’s be cheesy for once in our lives. Who cares. All this hardcore posturing, for what?”
“It’s not that it’s just…,” James trails off, he turns and gazes at the bedside lamp, the nearest wall. He feels nauseous and suicidal and angry at some unseen force, all rolled into one. For Jennifer’s sake, he staves off the complete meltdown he knows he’s quite capable of at this moment, at the flip of the switch, “I always feel like taking something that seems complex and unique, a genuine experience, and wrapping it up in these trite cliches…and we already know how we feel about one another…these words don’t really help anything, and probably make it worse.”
“What kind of monster are you?” she cries, as there are tears welling up in her eyes now, “I am dying here, and you won’t even tell me…”
“You aren’t dying, you’re just…”
“I am,” she insists, and looks up at him now, finally, “and I do, just so you know that, James.”
Just then a drum solo of raps sounds out on their door, and James reflexively jumps to his feet. When he answers, he finds Scott and Donna on the other side, and they are concerned, they are offering their sympathies and asking how she’s doing, but at the same time, they don’t enter the room. They also explain that Steve is sending them off on a mission to rustle up supplies, and that they really think he should join them. At this moment, the tension inside this suite is all but unbearable to him, too, and with a glance back at Jennifer – eyes closed now, apparently at a state of rest again – he slips out.
“Supplies? What kind of supplies?” 
“Stuff to make bombs,” Donna explains.
“Oh god. Not this crap again,” James groans.
“Steve says it’s the only way in,” Scott explains, “besides, it’s actually kinda comical. He even grabbed a bunch of books from the fucking library, if you can believe that. And still has no clue.”
“I know what I’d like to do with a bomb,” James mutters, “and trust me, it wouldn’t involve blowing up a government building.”
“More like a certain ass you’d like to shove it inside?” Donna chuckles.
“Something like that. Besides, there has got to be a better way. There always is.”
“He always finds a way, right?” Donna says.
“Pssh. He always did when it was only himself he had to worry about. As far as other people are concerned, he is completely worthless,” James spits out.
“James,” Donna says softly, laying a hand upon his shoulder, “this is not your fault. Besides, there‘s something we need that only you can help us with. Come on. We‘ll explain in a minute.”
James shoots a glance back at the bed, where Jennifer has already lapsed back into a jittery, feverish sleep. He shrugs and draws the door shut quietly behind him, trails the other couple by a handful of steps down the plush carpeting of this hallway. Eventually, they arrive downstairs and reach the double glass inner doors of the lobby, then the outer ones. Confronting the jeep, they climb inside it and enjoy a quick chat with Adam, who is guarding against a seemingly invisible enemy. He has an M-16 in one hand and a cigarette in another, but radiates a calm bemusement despite the obvious tedium of this post.
“How the fuck do you keep from blowing your own brains out?” Scott marvels, “I hope he doesn’t ask me to pull a shift out here.”
“Bombed out of my mind on cold medicine,” Adam drones, “that’s the only way to cope.”
“Do you have a cold?” Donna inquires.
“No.”
The three of them climb over the windshield and the hood, drop down to the sidewalk and hook a hard right down it, due south. As these two apparently know precisely where they’re headed, James doesn’t bother to ask. He is still stewing over Donna’s last comment to him, anyway, and can focus on little else.
“The fuck it isn’t my fault! I wasn’t there when Logan blasted her in the face, I was of no use saving her after the fact! I have nothing useful to offer anyone, just a bunch of…book read jibber jabber, I…”
“Look,” Donna places a hand on his shoulder again, spins him around to face her as the three of them stop momentarily in their tracks. Scott, as always, looks at some vague point off in the distance, ahead, “these are impossible times, and we are in a fucked up situation. The fact that any of us have even lasted this long is a minor goddamn miracle. You can’t beat yourself up.”
“I guess not it’s just….fuck….,” James curses with jagged breath, and runs a nervous hand through his hair.
“I know, I know. But listen…should we tell him?” she asks Scott.
Turning finally to face the conversation swirling around him, Scott nods ahead and then offers, “not here, let’s keep walking.”
They round a corner and continue onward, past a shuttered hardware store, a pharmacy, a small mom and pop supermarket and, yes, the local library, all of which they’d utilized these last few days as seemingly the only souls left in the county. When James presses them for information, as they walk hand in hand just a couple steps ahead of them, they say nothing, say nothing, merely keep walking. Finally, Scott and Donna both turn to face him as one, grinning from ear to ear. Scott rubs Donna’s belly which, obscured by her summer dresses even though it’s now November, has evaded detection, its swollen state slipping completely under the radar.
“What!?” James laughs, “no way! That’s awesome! I had no idea…”
Scott nods and continues to grin, while Donna explains, “nobody had the first clue, but we have known for months. Notice how I stopped drinking clear back in South Carolina? Stopped smoking? Of course not, why am I asking, nobody did. But yeah…”
“But how…and what…are you going do about it now?”
“Well, that’s just it,” Donna begins, and turns her head up to Scott, who nods encouragement for her to continue, “we didn’t come out here to rustle up bomb making supplies.”
“Oh really? Steve didn’t send you out here?”
“Oh he sent us out here, and we played along. But we both agreed now was the time. We’ve been planning this for awhile. At first we were going to see you two into D.C., but then Jennifer…”
“What are you up to, then? Where are we heading?”
“Scott and I are heading back to Tom Hegeland’s farm. We don’t even know if it’s still there, even, or in what state, but we both feel really, really good about this. It just seems right, you know? And we brought you out here because we think that you should join us.”
“Noooo. Huh uh. No way. I’ve got a job to finish, I have to see this…”
“Listen to me, James,” Donna says, and grabs both his hands in hers, looks him squarely in the eye, “Jennifer is gone. You know it, we know it. If I sat around and thought too long about it, it would make me too catatonic to even so much as move. But we have to press on. And this just makes sense. You keep hanging on with that fucking madman back there at the hotel, you are going to wind up dead. It’s just that simple.”
As if on cue, machine gun fire opens up somewhere, in the distance but not too distant, location distorted the ricochet pingponging around from building to building. Scott’s eyes go wide and he grabs Donna by the elbow, tells her, “we are OUT of here. Now. Let’s go.” 
And as they move away from him, hustling west as fast as their feet will take them, Donna looks back and pleads one more time, which his lifelong friend had not even trifled with, and pleads, “James? Please?”
Except he has more important things on his mind. They disappear out of sight, around a corner, and he takes off running back the way he had came.
Two blocks away from the hotel, rounding into sight, he’s confronted immediately with the impossible to miss sight of the jeep now sitting sideways in the middle of the road. One block away, Adam’s lifeless, blown apart corpse becomes visible to him within it, and that the words GO HOME have been spray painted across the side of the vehicle.
James doubles his pace now and tears up the marble walkway, somehow crashes his way through both sets of doors without busting out the glass. Inside, the lobby is overrun with those creepy holograms, there must be a dozen of them, behind the desk, over near the velvet couches, hanging out on the grand central staircase. But all he can think of in this moment is Jennifer, and if it means taking two steps at a time straight past one such agent, so be it.
His legs are rubber by the time he reaches the eighth floor, and the suite at the end. Fumbling with the ridiculous key card that Steve had insisted they not disable, he at least obtains the flashing green light and barrels into the room. 
One look at the only woman he supposes he’s ever really cared deeply for, ever connected with on another level, ever loved, even if he had been every bit the monster she dubbed him for his refusal to say it, and he knows it’s over. Yet he can’t resist following through, confirming the worst. Her body intact but otherwise in a similar state as Adam’s outside, which is to say devoid of life. She is slumped over on one side, blood spooling out the side of her mouth. 
He cries out and jumps up, kicks a hole squarely through the wall, his second such outburst in as many days. He paces around and howls grief like a trapped animal, he collects himself momentarily and closes her eyelids as every cliché in the book has taught him to do. He kisses her forehead and whispers he loves her and grabs his gun. There is just one thing left now to do.
On the third floor he swerves around one hologram agent standing in the middle of the hall, whether technically necessary or not, and pounds frantically on the last door on the right. Steve answers, clad only in boxers, as his large, round, hairy belly jiggles with laughter at whatever inside joke he and Katherine had been sharing. Beyond him, James sees that she is stretched out on a loveseat, wrapped up in a sheet. By way of distraction, James strings together a rambling series of words, associating death and disaster with Adam, with Jennifer, with Donna and Scott. And then he lifts his pistol and blasts six holes into Steve, who crashes backwards with enough force to knock the television off its post atop the dresser before he too topples dead onto the floor.
Katherine screams and dives behind the bed, but James has no interest in her. He tosses the pistol onto Steve for some reason and starts back down the hall.



Tracy sips a virgin mai tai and watches the sun sink into the Gulf from her front porch in Daphne, Alabama. Life has been an idyll here, just the two of them, and despite the traffic jam of calamity represented by these past two years, the near extinction of at least this country and who knew how many others, she can think of no happier time. Is this the tradeoff that paradise was supposed to bring? In the Bible you were taught that heaven did not have a place for everyone, that loved ones would be passed by or worse, longing for them the price one paid for holiness. Well, she tended to think every religion in the world was a pile of hot dookie, but the analogy still held.
“Babe? I got the laundry out and strung it up on the clothesline, cool?” Eldorado calls out, stepping halfway through the open front door.
“Yes,” she smiles, “cool. Very cool, in fact.”
He dips back inside, and she slides easily back into her favorite reverie, the circumstances that brought them here. Someday she might jot down all her thoughts, because as far as a written history was concerned, a pivotal document of these times, for all she knows there is no other.
They have been here nearly a year now, following their clean break from Steve at that camp in the northern part of this state, outside the compound they intended to bomb. She had woken up that morning and realized that they were accomplishing absolutely nothing. That moreover, she had been wrong when she said blowing up things was the only solution that made sense. For there was always the much more sensible option of just dropping out and resuming life as if nothing had ever happened, which was precisely what they did. They had found their way down here, somehow, this ramshackle but charming two story house facing southwest upon the gulf, and a few months later she realized she was with child, a child she could be dropping any day. They had studied up extensively on midwifing themselves, she was confident that Eldorado could pull this off with her assistance. They have, to date, not seen another soul from the moment they left camp that morning, and she is fine with this.
It was weird. Nothing had happened between them on that barge, and they’d only consummated their relationship on what seemed like a primal, somewhat drunken impulse at the time. But she loved the way he said nothing most of the time, yet when he really got going on a tangent it was the most hysterical occasion that had ever visited her ears. And despite his idiosyncratic outlook, he was kind, gentle, and reliable, all qualities that were sorely lacking – or at least, the totality of them was lacking – in any other suitor she’d ever had the privilege of entertaining. They would build a life here. She got the feeling that whatever the government had ultimately been up to, that it was over now, and the next phase of this country’s existence was about to begin.
The fallout with Steve had not been pretty. There had been one definite moment where she had feared for her life, or at least, felt that a battle for it and/or his was about to transpire. Eldorado had known none of this at the time, because she didn’t want some grisly macho showdown, she just wanted to leave. A handful of them had gone into town for supplies, with the intention that she and Eldorado would leave the group permanently from there – they’d broken the news to no one, were intending of picking out a spot somewhere along the coast and settling there. This foray in from camp was directly along the route, and had the added benefit of a smaller audience to witness their disappearance, hence fewer sappy goodbyes.
Steve had been one of the six persons crammed into the rusted out 1970s panel van – goddammit how he had loved those things – and had in fact been behind the wheel. Eldorado, Katherine, and either one or both of the random others had been dicking around inside this rustic convenience store, with a wooden front porch and wooden exterior directly out of the old wild American west, a porch she and Steve were standing upon when he received the bombshell of their departure. It marked the first and final time that he put his paws upon her.
They stood eye to eye, in a staredown for the ages. He had one mitt on both of her shoulders and in that instant, for the only moment in her life, she genuinely feared a man. Not that she would give him one shred of that satisfaction, locking her green eyes, unwavering and defiant, upon his equally determined brown ones. Steve was unique in that he could pull off a moustache, the beer belly diminished his sexuality not the least. She supposes it was his swagger, that he always gave the impression of complete control; he was also quite clearly sane, which made him all the more terrifying. She had fallen head over heels for Eldorado, she realizes in retrospect, at some point clear back there on the barge, though not consciously aware of it then, and had never seriously considered Steve as a potential partner. But he was altogether a handsome man, and under different circumstances, who knew – but these were not the particulars she had chosen, her heart was a committed one.
“If I wanted you, I would just have you,” Steve says in an even murmur, rubbing his left hand up and down the tanned, bare, tanked topped shoulder that it rested upon, “nothing to it. You would be mine.”
“Like hell,” she seethed.
He smirks and offers, in the same muted, level tone, “believe it, girl. I get what I want.”
She wonders if he notices that she has her right hand rested upon the butt of her handgun, holstered at the right hip. She also wonders, however, in these seconds that both tick by like fractions of, and drag by as if hours, if she would have time to unsheathe and fire should things get ugly, or if she’d have the nerve to if they did not.
“Ditch this fucking chump,” he urges, “let him run off and do whatever. You could have it so much better.”
“Hmm, let me guess: and this better would be you?” she taunts.
Whatever was about to transpire, though, was suddenly interrupted by the appearance of Eldorado. He has a dripping ice cream sandwich in both hands and is wearing for some reason a military helmet with a chin strap that they’d also been selling inside there, if that was the term in these days of vacated but fully stocked shops.
“Hey, Tracy…,” he starts, but then draws up short behind her after just a few steps out onto this porch. She doesn’t turn to look at him, yet is certain that he is cagey enough to recognize something afoul here even without having heard a word of it. His instincts are spot on, not that it matters.
In Steve’s eyes she recognizes the unmistakable taint of murder, as his focus shifts from Tracy to the man standing ten feet behind her. For just a few seconds, she knows that he is seriously contemplating blowing Eldorado’s head off right here and now. This knowledge terrifies her and yet, paradoxically, it also clarifies so much, for if she was uncertain how she might respond if Steve’s advances upon her continued any further, there was no doubt in her mind that one unwise move toward her man, and Steve would have his eyeballs clawed out, or worse. He would find out just what a quick draw she was, if nothing else. 
Time again rolls like an ant across the sidewalk. Katherine and the others have materialized now and are loading things into the back of van, paying no attention to the obscured megawatt drama of this seeming low key encounter. Finally, Steve turns his gaze back to her, lets go of her shoulders.
“Fuck it,” he says, “who fucking needs you.”
Steve takes two steps backward with his arms up, then turns and marches back to the van. He climbs behind the wheel and roars out of site, and so it is that without a word of goodbye to anyone – a premise they had both dreaded and looked forward to, simultaneously – they are left alone on this crumbling patio, the last they’d see of anyone.
Her stomach lurched suddenly with the sinking suspicion that she’d seriously screwed up by going off on Scott that night that the two of them parted ways, and that this decision too was a colossal blunder. But the feeling soon passed and seldom resurfaced, particularly the further south they made it.
She and Eldorado have been a self sustained ecosystem of two down here in Daphne. Truth be known, she had merely liked the name on the map, knew nothing about the place. But it had lived up to its promise, and now, there is not an inkling of living anywhere else, she figures that the two of them, and hopefully the baby, too, Eric Scott McKay, and generations to follow, will someday die here, whatever and however that means. They grow their own food, do their own sewing, they shopped for appliances and couches and brought them home on dollies and pickup trucks. So far the power has not been cut. Someday, she supposes, after the baby arrives and has grown to a reasonable age, she will set about trying to find her brother.



The solution, as always, was much more simple than some of the convoluted schemes everyone else had come up with. If one knew that the common arteries were heavily guarded, one looked for better ways in, one didn’t concoct wild plans to blow everything sky high with homemade bombs. So the roads were covered with actual human agents standing by limousines with walkie talkies and guns, so what. You either found a way to drop in from above, which was untenable, or you found a way to dig through underneath, which was even worse. Or you picked up a couple maps and a bicycle, and rode a trail right through the spine of the city, terminating just a few blocks from the backside of the White House itself.
Steve had apparently driven in via, as the nurse at that clinic had indicated, what happened to be the one major route open over the Potomac, that of I-395, he had spotted the brick walls and the suits, and then he’d instantly retreated. As soon as James confronts the river, however, he instead jogs a slight detour northwest, mostly for observation’s sake, to the Arlington National Cemetery. Standing just outside the park this gloomy November morning, on the lip of this no-frills bridge, by naked eye he can see the Lincoln Memorial, so close he feels he can touch it, and if armed merely with a simple yet often surprisingly powerful weapon, under the right circumstances - binoculars -  streetside movement within the city becomes visible to him.
To collect his thoughts, as so often does the trick, James begins walking. He enters the cemetery and charts a steady course uphill. Based on personal observation and a trip to the depressingly empty visitors’ building, to gather charming little pamphlets, he notes that presidents Taft and Kennedy are buried here, as well as JFK’s two most famous brothers and Jackie O. Abraham Lincoln’s son Robert Todd, but not the big man himself. En route further uphill to the Tomb of the Unknowns, where there will be no ceremony today nor presumably ever again, he notes that former boxing champion Joe Louis, near the main path, has a tombstone that is for some reason facing backwards from everyone else’s.
How does a person make sense of the weight of history? James stands with one knee propped upon the stone parapet, up here at this famous grave for those who died without identity in battle, he scans a panoramic view and wonders about this. For the average joe, while always threatened by labels of being uncaring or unpatriotic or un-American, it is admittedly difficult to find a practical application. There is of course that famous quote about those who forget being doomed, but the reality is that you could study all of it, commit every piece of political intrigue and military wrinkle to memory, yet none of it would ever repeat for a thousand years or more. 
Then again, he was in many ways a poor student, at least in his own eyes. He’d always pulled solid grades in class, sure, but so much of what was learned seemed random, disconnected trivia – it played right into his wheelhouse, yet he could never find much use for it in the real world. He knows, for instance, that Richard Nixon had installed a bowling alley in the basement of the White House, that there had been one bachelor president and one president of two disconnected terms. That Gerald Ford had by a series of flukes risen all the way to the commander in chief position without being elected for any positions whatsoever, that Jimmy Carter had cut the heat. But he has no clue of what really went on inside those sacred corridors, if it was anything of substance whatsoever, or merely ceremonial.
Owing to cool, fog laden mornings that eventually give way to drizzle, when he crosses the bridge by bicycle, James encounters soggy grass at the National Mall - not a shopping complex but rather the name given to this park - and thus ditches his wheels, continuing forward on foot. He could skirt the issue, so to speak, via sidewalk or street, but for some indeterminable reason this path makes the most sense to him, so he continues. This famous marble testament to Honest Abe’s legacy, the Lincoln Memorial, looks a lot taller and more intimidating to climb than it seemed in pictures, not to mention kind of beside the point at the moment, thus he doesn’t bother, and continues forward to the skyward pointing stone needle of Washington’s tribute, itself closed for a renovation project that had been years in the offing and might never be completed now, under the still murky current circumstances.
James doesn’t know quite what he hopes to accomplish here, but it just feels right. It felt right when he noted the handiness of this route, it felt right now that he stands in front of this twelve foot wall with barbed wire rimming the top which now guarded this hallowed ground in its entirety. Funny, but he couldn’t quite remember in any of his history or civics or government classes what safeguards they’d always had in place guarding the president’s home, but he was sure it had never been this. 
He wishes now that he actually did have a really good bomb, for he sees no other point of entry here. Even if announcing his presence in such a manner would almost certainly ensure he would make it not much further. There are none of those holograms about, that he can see, no actual human guards, no helicopters, no cameras. James apparently has the perfect window to capitalize, and yet he cannot find a way to. It’s like battling back from a huge points deficit only to blow one crucial play in the closing minutes of a game.
Turning away, he sticks his hands in his pockets, which is for whatever reason the hardwired sad sack response of a person confronting disappointment. As in, the shop that had just closed ten minutes before you got there, as in, the rock concert you’d decided to attend at the last second, only to arrive and find it sold out, that stooped, defeated walk back to the car which soon follows. 
Except here it produces the unintended result of physical, concrete hope. Such a crazy idea in some respects, but they had played around with this device for days upon days, they had in fact worn it out well past the point of novelty wearing off. With numerous experiments in an effort to prove her wrong, too, had they determined that Tracy was anything but – this thing works just as she said, and not a shade to the contrary. But who was to say modifications hadn’t been made in the months upon months since they lost interest, and anyone bothered fiddling with this thing, or that it didn’t function differently here, period? And so with a forcibly reluctant hope he takes the metal square with no etchings, nor indications upon its surface whatsoever, and chucks it over the wall.
And instantly finds himself on the other side. So ridiculous, this set of circumstances, that he chokes out a disbelieving laugh, and pats his chest as if to verify the molecules that comprise James Scott have arrived intact. His next move is to peer ahead, and the sight that awaits him at the distant end is nearly as preposterous: the president himself, Barrington Chadwick, enjoying a cigarette on some sort of back verandah. He is leaning against the stone railing, elbows upon it, taking in the cool of what is now a November afternoon, and gives no indication of having noticed James.
Jennifer had once said that Chadwick represents the all time pinnacle of stylish presidents, and this undoubtedly true. Such an absurd thought is also pretty much the only one occupying his mind, as he strides forth as if lost in a merry dreamscape. Someone else, possibly Tracy or Eldorado, had once said, too, that if you knew nothing else about former president John Bristling and his sidekick Douglas Crony, if you only saw their pictures, you would surely have said that Crony was a crook and Bristling a moron, merely from seeing their faces, and thus it was a tremendous mystery how that duo made it anywhere – never mind that these assessments also turned out to be true. But Chadwick was different. He not only seemed cool, he also seemed a decent and honest man. No one ever suggested, for example, that he was a crook, and certainly not a moron.
All of which makes the events of these past two years so much more difficult to fathom. How any of this had progressed under his watch. Or has the power and reach of this government, coupled with decades upon decades of disastrous decisions, spiraled so far out of control that even the president is just a cog in the wheel? Yet every bit of this is forgotten as he ascends the dozen steps or so to this verandah, and as, with a broad grin, this chain smoking world leader turns around to shake his hand. Most folks were initially shocked to learn that Chadwick was a two-packs-a-day kind of guy, yet James already knew this.
“James Scott,” he offers, in that familiar husky baritone, as their right palms and guarded glances meet, “Mr. President.” 
“I’m sorry…”
Was an incorrigible wiseass on cruise control even under such ordinarily formal circumstances? Apparently so. Or maybe it was that the nerves of the occasion made a person all the more so, as the pressure overrode all alarms. Amazing too that even one on one with the country‘s figurehead, if the planet’s greatest authority figure drones on too long, even a man as charismatic as Chadwick, you tend to tune out after awhile. Although the culprit here is primarily the car crash of realization of what he’d just done and who he now rubs elbows with, jarring every sense of his loose.
“I wouldn’t quite say…,” Chadwick begins, his gaze drifting once more across the expanse of back lawn, though there is nothing here, as far as James can tell, worth seeing. He has the sensation that, improbably enough, this forever slick public speaker is fumbling for words - or maybe that was just it, maybe away from the forced focus of a camera’s glare, he was never quite so smooth, “well. We’ve been waiting for you. It might be a bit heavy handed, but...”
And James is reminded that he always believed there were three levels to Chadwick’s personality. The first level being that which the public sees, which is this well spoken, sharp, somewhat witty, culturally aware, and even kind of hip modern dignitary, possessing just the right mix of intelligence, charisma, and cunning to navigate the current political landscape. Then just below that, this second level, made aware to people who know him professionally, and consider him a humorless, self-righteous douche with no tolerance for opposing viewpoints. Except that in burrowing even further down, you would encounter a third level that was almost identical to the first, known only to those closest to him, and that if taken as a whole, you would have to consider that this is really who he is.
“Yes. Well anyway,” Chadwick cuts his own train of thought off abruptly, turning to James with a tight smile, “we are not a complicated people. But these are accelerated times…” And James begins to feel that he is hallucinating.



When the monologue concludes, James has a million questions, only some of which are answered. Chadwick is affable enough, and, when pressed, describes Logan as “an unfortunate rogue. Unwittingly beneficial to our cause up to a point, but some screws came loose and the situation required handling.” As for Steve Driscoll, “he was a damn good soldier and would have made an even better general. But…in the end the determination was made that he had too many renegade tendencies. He would likely not listen to orders if they conflicted with his own agenda.”
“You keep mentioning the cause, but I’m afraid I don’t follow.”
Chadwick shoots him a sharp sideways glance, as if caught off guard, having overestimated an opponent and shocked at how little he knows. Yet a quick recovery, his poker face adept at revealing little, leaving an observer to question his own imagination. Whether dreaming up entirely the tiny fragment he believes he’s glimpsed. 
“Surely you must have realized at some point that the situation was unmanageable. In its current state.”
“I mean, I think I follow what’s going on around the world fairly well,” James tells Chadwick, “but tend not to really say much because, I don’t know…I never wanted to be that asshole who drives his SUV to the city council meeting or whatever and complains about the Keystone pipeline. That sort of guy. And it’s really hard to have all the answers. What about this health care thing? Is this a crazy pipe dream that is not going to work no matter how cleverly you arrange the numbers? Or does it just seem that way? I have no idea. I have to defer to people like you, I suppose, that you know what you‘re talking about.”
“Thank you. I knew that you would-”
“And yet at the same time…I look at something like a birthday gala you have right here for one of your kids, and it’s public knowledge, if you know where to look, how much money is dropped on something like that. And then you start to think, well geez, x number of middle class workers had to bust their ass for an entire year to contribute the tax money to pay for this one fucking party, and when you look at it like that, who in his right mind wouldn’t say these hoopla drenched blowouts are not a major jackass move? I thought my boss was a supreme turd for having his daughter‘s sweet sixteen at a country club, dropped about half of what I make in a year on that. But at least it was his money. Is this extravagance necessary?”
And the president opens his mouth as if to speak, then clamps it shut again without a word said. In the back of his mind James is aware that this man has just spoken of rubbing people out, he’s aware that he should fear, by all rights, the most powerful individual in the world, except the same impulse that propels him forward challenging his bosses once his back is to a wall - and ultimately losing his job, without fail - sends him down that path here. Wound up, he cannot shut down so easily.
“Maybe this is an excuse, but I think the average layperson is never going to have all the facts available to him, and even if he does, he’s not going to have the time to sit down and analyze all the angles. Did you really promote the freaking mayor of my city to the Secretary of Transportation? Like I said, I don’t have all the answers, but I’ve always had this feeling that…you sit me, or someone else like me down at a table with all of the facts, and it becomes our job to sort them out, it’s a normal civilian job without political considerations, do we manage? Could one person sort his little slice of the problem out? Idealistic? Maybe. But yes, I believe I could. You don‘t. This gridlock is a game. A little hook to hang your hat on. None of you have any intention of sorting out anything. At your best your interest becomes a chest thumping point of pride, trying to get one over on someone who pissed you off. But most of it‘s not even that, pure empty posturing. By this I mean not specifically you, I mean all of you. Everyone here on fucking Capitol Hill.”
“Okay, James, James.”
“I voted for you! Disillusioned doesn’t even begin to describe it!”
“James,” Chadwick says, a cigarette, freshly lit during this diatribe, squeezed between the index and middle fingers of his left, and it’s this palm that he paws at the air with in James’ direction, a universally understood gesture that translates as settle down, take it easy, put on the brakes. James finds that he is actually panting after that speech, and exhales sharply. He also has a sudden flash of insight, when this so-called leader of the free world does weight in again: maybe he’s not so slick after all. There’s a reason each president for the past hundred years has had other people write his every public word.
“Those are some fair and valid points. And it could just be that…,“ Chadwick stares off again at the middle distance of the lawn, turning away again. “Well,” he concludes at last, turning to James once more with that tight, guarded smile, “there’s little it could hurt at this point, and may in fact help. Come on.”
With that Chadwick takes two steps and tilts his head toward the French doors closed behind them. James remains frozen in place, however, rooted to the cement beneath his feet, jaw slack, as he points numbly in that direction. “You mean…?”
“Yes,” the president offers, smiling with a little more warmth now, though his eyes continue to radiate a studious quality, missing nothing, “some of this will begin to make sense to you. The situation had in fact become unmanageable. And who knows, maybe your…civilian insight really is a piece that we’ve been missing.”
Though tremendously fond of only half sarcastically touting his own merits, when pressed, James has in actuality trod a fairly modest and unassuming path through most of his days. These kind of dreams of power and influence were cast aside somewhere around the first or second grade. Virtually everyone does a few things amazingly well, has a few glaring weaknesses, and is otherwise completely average, this was just how it shook out regardless of intelligence, wealth, family history, you name it, no matter how many well intended speeches one heard in his younger days about the potential for growing up to be an astronaut, a world famous inventor, or yes, even the president. 
And so faced with entering these fabled corridors, he hesitates. He understands a little bit better now, maybe, an offer he received in his senior year of high school to visit the White House, which he blew off without a thought - subconsciously intimidated, on some level, though able to rationalize away behind a litany of other excuses, if asked. The weight of history in this particular instance is paralyzing. As is had been even under more peaceful times, and now, well, there are untold other layers buffering his fears. For all he knows, this could be an elaborate trap. They could blow his brains out just around the next corner, vaporize him into nothingness in the manner 99% of the country had apparently disappeared. Sensing James’s reticence, Chadwick softens his pitch.
“By all means, don’t feel you have to commit right away,” he suggests, offering still that charismatic grin, his footing underneath him again in comfort and familiarity of dialog, a confidence returning now that he retaken the dynamic. Left hand on the gleaming brass handle of this open French door, right hand cradling a burning flame between the index and middle finger, he waves encouragement for James to step inside, “but I think you’re gonna wanna be a part of this.” 
And so in a continuation of this daytime trance, James sort of glides past the president and inside, as Chadwick tags one last quick drag and snuffs the butt out in an ashtray before following, sliding the door shut behind him. And then he takes the lead. As they twist and turn their way through countless hallways, James takes note of yet instantly forgets the wealth of fantastic treasures contained within, the marble floors and commissioned works of art. Just like it was ultimately weird to note how close the White House was to everything else, not at all removed but rather pressed in on all four sides by the city, James has heard the West Wing and Oval Office, however, are actually both quite small.
Unexpectedly, somewhere near what he gathers to be the house’s center, they encounter a stairwell and Chadwick leads the way down it. Thus far they have encountered no one, the president is not surrounded, for example, by sunglassed goons with guns, wired for sound. This naked access to such a traditionally well protected figure is astounding, although then again James’s thoughts are swimming in three hundred and sixty directions, it‘s difficult to even make sense of them and keep moving at the same instant. How, for instance, could they possibly know he’s not armed? Or do they have means of detecting that? Do they know more than he could ever begin to realize, or would their lack of insight shock him? Chadwick seemed knowledgeable moments ago concerning minute details of his party’s progress, and yet it’s impossible to fathom government agents would let someone who just planted six bullets in a person’s chest anywhere near their leader.
At the bottom of one flight with a single twist, they turn left down a vaguely claustrophobic corridor. Somewhere in the back of James’s brain, recognition is flickering, only fully illuminated once they reach another set of double wooden doors, painted white with brass handles, though these are missing windows. The Situation Room, a plaque on the left announces, and he remembers now, the conference area with state of the art communication and information gathering abilities. His expression more composed and officious than heretofore, Chadwick opens the right one for James, motions him inside with a rigid gesture of the arm, though unnecessary. 
“Upwards of eight billion people, increasing at an exponentially faster rate every day,” Chadwick calmly drones, “a limited pool of resources. Environmental resolutions that aren’t exactly working. Soon to drown in our own trash and nobody’s really come up with a solution for this. Openly hostile countries with nuclear capabilities ignoring our admittedly toothless United Nations sanctions. Foreign relations frankly not improving elsewhere, either, on balance, on a global scale. Debating and pointing fingers at who enacted which policy when, this became, to be blunt, counterproductive and meaningless. I’m afraid this was the only way.”
James is somewhat distressed to see one of the more famous actors in the world on one monitor, over Jacques Chirac’s head, speaking to a few who are semi-reclining in their leather chairs as they nod and agree with him. A tennis champion on the far wall, near Vladimir Putin, broadcast in similar fashion over there. Others at the table murmur in low voices, while few look their way, pay him and Chadwick any mind. In a frenzied, jerky motion, half expecting the offer to be revoked and this door to slam in his face, James glides past the sport coated arm of this president, and disinterested student or not, the faces seated around this giant rectangle of a table are mystifying and wondrous in the same breath. He recognizes most, if not all, though it’s likely even a simpleton could pick out this who’s who of history.
James Maynard Keynes, Adolf Hitler. Thomas Edison, Henry Ford. Napolean Bonaparte, Albert Einstein in his twenties, from the looks of things, which makes sense because this is the age at which he did nearly all of his important work. Alan Greenspan. The current presidents or prime ministers or kings or chieftains of at least half a dozen other countries, just at first glance. Nearly all of the more popular presidents in American history are curious no shows at this table, however, Chadwick, obviously, excepted.
Every conversation he’d had the past two years explodes in his head like a string of firecrackers. All the wild conjecture, the crackpot theories, the sworn testimonials. When fused with the litany of odd events and inexplicable occurrences, everything suddenly shines in a new light, all makes complete and total sense. 
Offering their expectant, hopeful, anticipatory expressions a warm but uncertain smile, James has a seat at the chair that Churchill pulls out for him. A few measures later, occupying the only other vacant spot, this one at the head of the table, Chadwick knuckles down to business, and these discussions begin proper.

