


VOYEUR
By
Neil James MacRaild



Published by Neil James MacRaild at Smashwords



Copyright 2014 Neil James MacRaild



CHAPTER 1

Nathan Holden gently pushed the brake pedal on his van before carefully pulling over to the side of the road. He was around the corner from his target house. He sat quietly for a moment before opening both front windows. The van was not old but it did have a problem with some gas fumes entering the cab. The last thing he wanted was any kind of smell on him. In fact, Nathan not only wanted to be without scent, he wanted to be invisible and silent for a night like tonight. 
He let the cross breeze wash over him but still did not move. He had arrived at this location at his usual time of slightly after three a.m. He figured that most people were asleep at this time of the night; even night owls get to bed by this time, and no one he knew ever woke up intentionally at this hour. Of course, there was always the chance of someone getting out of bed for a visit to the bathroom, or a case of insomnia, but these were reasonable chances to take, and so far he had been lucky.
Nathan Holden was essentially a voyeur; a person who enjoys looking. But that was all he really did; just look. And search, of course – search for secrets hidden in the back of sock drawers and in the back of closets. He didn’t enter peoples’ homes to steal from them or to hurt them. He wouldn’t do this, nor had he ever thought about it. It was the idea of entering someone’s home silently, watching them sleep, and searching through their most personal belongings that thrilled him most. He got in, looked around, and then got out. All undetected. That was the idea. That was the excitement - getting away with it all.
He never left empty-handed, though. He always took some memento to remember the event. It was once a necktie from a collection of over thirty. It was once a pair of very expensive panties from a drawer full of expensive panties. One time he took a single twenty dollar bill from a wallet that seemed to contain dozens of them. The idea was to take something small, something that would not arouse suspicion. The occupants of the house would wake up the next day unaware that their house had contained an extra guest for a short time while they slept. In time, they might question the disappearance of that small item, but it would be well after the fact. 
This way, Nathan was able to keep a small piece of their lives; something that he could hold in his hands at his leisure – an item that would bring back the memory of that particular visit. He enjoyed these moments of recollection. It was like living the event again and again. He justified his actions of invading the privacy of these people by the fact that he did not go in intending to plunder or physically harm anyone. It was a victimless crime, he thought. The couples (always couples without children) were more often than not wealthy, and could afford to go without an extra tie or a missing twenty dollars.
How he did all this was simply a matter of prior knowledge. For example, Nathan Holden was not visiting tonight’s house for the first time. He had been invited inside once before, but in a very different capacity. He had worked for his family’s home alarm installation company since finishing high school more than twelve years ago. The business was not large. Besides his father and himself, they had only two other employees; Harry Gateau, who occasionally helped them when things were busy, and their receptionist Sally Runyer. He had the complete trust of his father. His father allowed him one of the company’s vans for his personal use, as well as a generous salary that afforded Nathan a comfortable, although not lavish, lifestyle. Money didn’t go very far in Vancouver. His rent took up almost half his take-home pay, but he loved his little apartment in the West End. The West End of Vancouver was populated by an eclectic mixture of retirees and young, single workers. Many were gay but this did not bother Nathan. He allowed people their personal freedoms. He understood the irony of this position considering what he occasionally did late in the night.
Gaining access to the houses he chose proved quite easy with his knowledge of locks and alarm systems. When he would first be invited to install a new alarm system in a house he would use the time to assess whether these were the kind of people he would like to visit again. Under the pretense of checking all the windows and doors, he would also be checking pictures on mantelpieces, the quality of art hung on the walls, travel souvenirs on tables, and other indicators. His work often required him to do his job in the evening after the occupants returned home from work. This was ideal as it allowed him to meet the people first and to get a sense of their characters and relationship to each other. Before handing over their new key he would make an extra one for himself if he decided that he would be returning. This let him get past the front door easily enough, but the alarm system was the most challenging. He needed to work fast to unscrew the front plate on the box near the door inside the house and bypass the alarm before the timer connected and notified whatever security company the couple had chosen to use. A few times he had not been fast enough and he had to abandon his plans before they got started. However, lately, he had been better at working at the speed necessary to disable the alarm in time. After that, the house was his.
Of course, he had a rough lay-out of any house in his head from his visit as the alarm installation man. He always headed straight for the master bedroom. Nothing interesting was ever in the public areas of any house. People didn’t reveal their secrets in their foyer or even in their bathroom. It was always the bedroom that contained the hidden treasures that Nathan enjoyed the most. He would enter their bedroom, look closely at his victims to confirm that they were indeed fast asleep, and then begin his silent search.
Certain tools were necessary for this perverted pleasure: always soft-soled shoes, a new pair of dark nylon socks, surgical gloves to avoid leaving fingerprints, night vision goggles, and a pair of cotton trousers and a long-sleeved shirt. The clothing and shoes must be black to avoid reflecting any light that might come in from open curtains. The goggles were needed to see in the dark. Turning on any light was out of the question, but the goggles turned everything a strange sort of green; inconvenient but necessary. All of these things he carried in a bag that snuggly wrapped around his shoulder, that he could swing easily to access and then push back to free-up his arms and hands.
Tonight he had everything he needed. And he had a memory of the house’s location, address, and its occupants. Nathan was particularly excited as he would be visiting a home that he had been inside only weeks before and had had the pleasure of meeting the woman of the house; a Ms. Sarah Hawthorne. He remembered her well. She had long, dark brown hair that hung casually but elegantly half-way down her back. She had deep-set eyes that seemed to always be in shadow, and a beautiful body at once thin but voluptuous. Nathan had no desire to hurt her or surprise her. He did like the idea of watching her sleep, though. He imagined a peaceful face and a thin night dress. She had seemed to smile at him quite frequently when he visited as an installation man for his father’s alarm company. Maybe it was his imagination, but he had sensed an attraction from her. Nathan was thirty-one years old and still in great shape due to his frequent trips to the gym on his mornings off. His face was simple and clean. He had had a series of quite attractive girlfriends over the years, but none of these relationships had lasted more than a few months. Eventually, the women bored him. Also, he had a very big secret that he kept hidden from them; which he discovered is never good for a relationship.
Finally, Nathan Holden stirred when he reached for his bag that was neatly packed, lying on the passenger seat of his van. He surveyed the street before him and saw no movement.  He strapped the bag around his shoulder and reached for the door handle. He always hesitated at this moment. He knew that he was about to do something wrong. But he couldn’t help himself. It was exciting. It was thrilling. It made him feel alive like nothing else in his life could. He wanted to do it again and again and again. He pulled on the door handle, slid sideways off the seat, and hopped down to the street. He softly closed the driver’s door before activating the alarm. He began to walk at a leisurely pace toward the corner of the street where he then turned right and immediately saw the house on his left, less than a hundred metres way. His eyes kept a close watch for anyone walking the street or any shifting curtains. He saw nothing like this.
Nathan was quickly at the base of the driveway. He walked confidently up the asphalt toward the front door while putting his gloves on, just like he had done before, wearing a different uniform. He had the extra key inside his front trouser pocket. Nathan took it out and had it positioned upright, steps before he reached the front door. He easily slipped the key in the dead bolt and turned it slowly. He heard a soft click, removed the key, and opened the door. He kicked off his shoes and quietly entered the house of Mr. and Ms. Hawthorne. This was the most crucial time. He had to put on his night-vision goggles and disarm the alarm system within 20 seconds, or a signal would be sent to the Hawthorne’s security company and an initial phone call would be made to the residence, waking up the couple, and asking for a clearance code. Of course, he would be well away before he was seen or heard. But he didn’t want this to happen. He wanted everything to go smoothly, as it had done so many times before. From his bag he took a small Phillips screwdriver and worked quickly to unscrew the front panel and bypass the alarm. It took him less than twenty seconds, he knew, because after he had finished nothing was heard except for his own labored breathing.
Nathan stood very still for a while longer to catch his breath and to calm his nerves. He was in. The front door was closed, the alarm was temporarily disabled, and he had the house to himself, well, sort of. He knew there were two people sleeping in their bed upstairs and he planned on seeing them very soon. He loved this. He was getting away with invading someone’s privacy without their knowledge. It was beautiful and wrong at the same time. 
The bedroom. That’s where he always found his treasures, the secrets, the hidden sex toys, the magazines, the old love letters hidden in shoe boxes. Sometimes a computer was left running and he could trace the websites people visited. What someone puts in a search engine is often quite revealing of their inner-most desires. Nathan had chosen the house well. It was less than twenty years old and therefore had no creaky boards under the carpet on his way up the stairs. Older homes were risky that way, with their squeaking hinges and loose floorboards. He crept silently up the main stairs and then turned left at the landing. He knew that the master bedroom was the first door on the right after that. He had imagined this sequence of events many times in his head for the past several nights. Now it was really happening. He grasped the door handle of the bedroom and turned it slowly. It made no sound and he then gingerly pushed open the door.
Before him was a scene that he had encountered many times before; the heavy breathing of two people, the mounds under the rumpled bed covers, and the smell of sleep. His heart began to quicken. He took a moment to settle himself down. The first thing he needed to do was to see if Mr. and Ms. Hawthorne were truly asleep. He walked toward the left side of the bed; not knowing if it contained Mr. or Ms. He bent down on one knee so that he was face-to-face with a man he had never seen before. This fact did not surprise him as it was only Ms. Hawthorne who was home when he installed the alarm last month. Mr. Hawthorne had short, sandy-blonde hair that was thinning on the crown. His expression seemed benign. His breath smelt of whiskey and cigars. Nathan could have reached out and touched him. But that was not why he was here. 
He stood up and looked across at Ms. Hawthorne. She, like her husband, was completely still except for a slight rising and falling of her torso as she breathed. Nathan walked around the foot of the bed and bent down on one knee before the object of his recent desire. He was not disappointed. Sarah Hawthorne was a woman of classic beauty. She wore no make-up and her hair was pulled back and held with a soft, cotton scrunchy to reveal a face of symmetry and perfect proportions. Her lips were slightly parted and she smelled not of alcohol and cigars, but of minty toothpaste. Nathan had to refrain himself from touching her. He stayed looking at her for much more time than he did with Mr. Hawthorne. He had seen immediately that she was in a deep sleep, but he enjoyed staring at her. He stayed until his knee began to ache, then he stood up and looked round the room. 
Nathan loved these moments – when he felt the power and the autonomy to practically do whatever he wanted. Noise was the main concern. He had to remain relatively silent. This usually did not prove to be too difficult. Slow movements were required, and a careful approach to each of his activities. Tonight had gone very well so far. The Hawthornes were fast asleep. He had bypassed the alarm; which he would reset upon his exit. He so liked the idea of having the people that he visited wake up in the morning not realizing that they did not sleep alone. He had been there. He had watched them. He had prodded into their private lives. 
The room was dark by conventional standards, but no place is ever completely dark. There is always the presence of some light from the street, from the hall, or from a nightlight plugged into a socket to guide those midnight trips to the bathroom. So, with his night-vision goggles attached to his face, Nathan Holden could see in the dark, so to speak. The goggles were designed to amplify any light available but they gave everything an eerie glow. What he saw before him then was nothing unusual; a dressing table, vanity mirror, closets, paintings, and various other objects that could be expected to be found in almost any bedroom of a young professional couple in the city. 
He glanced down once more at Ms. Hawthorne and decided to find her underwear drawer. Lingerie had held a fascination for him since he was a teenager. He enjoyed the feel of the fabric, and the way the lingerie hinted at, but still concealed, the most intimate parts of a woman’s body. He often thought that a woman dressed in expensive lingerie appeared more beautiful than a woman naked.
Nathan crept over to what he presumed was Ms. Hawthorne’s dresser and then slowly pulled open the top drawer. He was pleasantly surprised to find a nice collection of thongs, bras, and some very slinky undershirts. He was careful to not disturb the distribution of the clothing. He did not want to arouse suspicion from Ms. Hawthorne when she woke the next morning. Nathan imagined, like himself, that most people have a clear memory of where they have put things. Most people would notice very quickly if their personal belongings were scattered in a different pattern. So, Nathan touched but did not disturb too much. 
His escapades into peoples’ homes were not really sexual in nature. He never touched the woman of the houses, nor did he try to pull their covers off them. It was all much more of a psychological excitement than a physical one. Nathan was stimulated by the idea of what he did. Of course, there was the fact that he always took something to remind him of his adventure. Twice before it had been a pair of women’s panties, and he knew in the back of his mind that tonight would be the third pair. He lifted a top pair and saw that another pair of white, silk panties lay beneath. He gingerly lifted these up to his eyes and imagined Sarah Hawthorne wearing them. He breathed in deeply before bunching them up into a ball and shoving them into the front left pocket of his trousers. 
He kept the drawer open because he knew that underwear drawers of both men and women were often where they kept other secrets. He put his gloved hand to the back of the drawer to try to feel for anything out of the ordinary. He felt the dildo almost immediately. He carefully brought it out and saw that it was of a pink hue with a vibrating control at the base. He glanced back at the sleeping Ms. Hawthorne and watched as she moved. He held the vibrator and himself completely still. Had he made too much noise? Was she going to shift her position, or was she going to actually get up? Nathan froze and watched. It was all he could do.  Any movement would draw her eyes toward him. She pushed the covers away from her body, swung her legs onto the floor, and stood up. Her eyes were practically closed and the room was almost entirely dark. Sarah Hawthorne needed to use the bathroom and headed in an unsteady pace in that direction. 
If Sarah had looked to her right she would have seen a dark, human shape against the backdrop of her dresser. But she had only one thing on her mind, and that was to visit the bathroom as soon as possible. So, she walked without glancing to her right or left. Nathan was unsure about what to do because this had never happened before. He continued to stand completely still for a few moments longer out of pure shock. His first impulse, of course, was to run. But that would mean replacing the dildo he still held in his hand back to the exact spot he found it then making his way to the bedroom door. He would need to open and close the door silently, and then get down the stairs; all in the time it takes someone to relieve themselves. He realized he had no choice and was running out of time. He put his hand back into the drawer and deposited the toy where he had found it. He closed the drawer, and then turned toward the bedroom door. At that same instant, Sarah Hawthorne opened the bathroom door and the light illuminated a man dressed in black who was wearing a pair of strange goggles on his head. She, like Nathan, froze with initial shock. Nathan knew that her next move would be to scream and to then retreat back into the safety of her on-suite, locking the door as fast as she could. He couldn’t let this happen.  With quick, instinctive-like speed, Nathan took two large leaps forward and clasped his left hand over her mouth while wrapping his right arm around her waist. He buckled her knees and then dragged her back into the bathroom with an agility he didn’t realize he had. He carefully closed the bathroom door with his foot.
“What the hell am I supposed to do now?” Nathan thought. This was the last thing he expected tonight. His mind was racing and confused. He knew with certainty that he had to maintain control or things could get very messy very quickly. At the same time, he was not a violent person, but at the moment he was almost suffocating a woman while holding her forcibly against his body while she squirmed and twisted her head. He had to calm her down somehow, and defuse this situation. 
Nathan’s mouth was very close to Sarah’s left ear. He whispered, “I’m not here to hurt you. Please stop moving.” He noticed that she became slightly less tense, but only slightly. OK, he thought, maybe this talking thing is working a little. 
Still only barely audible, he said, “I have no weapon and have not come here to steal anything or to harm anyone.”
Sarah mumbled something Nathan could not understand. Could he risk taking his hand off her mouth? Maybe she was baiting him and would just end up screaming as he had initially feared. At the same time, maybe she was settling down and willing to listen to reason. He took a chance on the latter and took his hand away from her mouth, but only a fraction of an inch in case she did decide to scream. She didn’t.
She quietly said, “Who are you and why are you here?”
Nathan decided that the first part of her question was a little easier to answer than the last part, so he used his free hand to remove his goggles so that they hung around his neck. Sarah Hawthorne saw that she was staring into the face that she had seen and remembered from less than a month ago. 
“You? Your name is…is…Nathan, right? You put in our new alarm system just a few weeks ago.” Sarah whispered. It was like she had also agreed with Nathan that her husband should not be awakened.
“That’s right. I’m sorry that I startled you. I thought you would be asleep.”
“Why are you here at this time of night, wearing those funny glasses, and dressed in black? You say you don’t want to hurt anyone or steal anything, but I am finding that very hard to believe right now.”
“But it’s true. I’ve been in your house for almost half an hour. If I had come here to kill you, or to rob you, I would have done it by now. You scared me as much as I scared you.”
“I doubt that. Well, why are you here then?”
Nathan felt that she needed a reason, and he felt that he needed to tell someone. He had never believed that what he did once or twice a month was all that wrong, Yes, he entered peoples’ homes uninvited and looked through their personal belongings, but that was it. He disappeared as quietly as he arrived, without really disturbing their lives in any significant way. But who would believe this? Who would understand this compulsion? He had learned earlier in life that when you are clearly caught doing something which you should not be doing, it is best to confess the whole truth. A full explanation often gave the listener something to think about other than your violation, whatever it is. So, with great hesitation and a very quiet voice, Nathan Holden began to describe his nightly escapades to Sarah Hawthorne.
“What I am doing tonight, I have often done before,” he began. 
Sarah looked at him with a shocked and confused expression. “In my house?” she asked with fear in her eyes.
 “No, in other houses. I’ve never returned to houses I’ve visited.”
“You still haven’t answered my question of why you’re here, or why you’ve been in other peoples’ homes.”
“I suppose the short answer is that I like to look.”
“Look at what?”
“Look at the people sleeping. Look through their belongings. Look for secrets.”
“Secrets?”
“Yeah, items that most people have hidden in places they think no one will ever look. Well, I look and I find those items.”
“I’m still not clear with all this. You don’t steal and you don’t rape or murder. What satisfaction do you get from just looking around?”
“I suppose it’s the idea that I like; the idea of being in the presence of people while they sleep peacefully. I like the idea of slipping in and out unnoticed.”
By this time, both Nathan and Sarah had found somewhat comfortable positions next to each other on the bathroom floor; both leaning against the cool tiled walls. 
Sarah no longer looked confused or shocked. She seemed interested. “Could she really be interested?” Nathan thought. He had never considered what he did to be any kind of turn-on for anyone except himself, but this woman was asking probing questions that seemed to melt her fear and replace it with a kind of curiosity. Nathan was still quite nervous. At any moment she could scream for her husband, or leap for the bathroom door handle. Any physical scuffle would surely wake Mr. Hawthorne. He needed to keep her interested and docile. 
“So, this behavior excites you?” she said softly. 
“Yes.”
“I think I’m beginning to make sense of this. Is it just a short-lived thrill? It must be only that.”
“Well, I usually take a small memento with me that I use to remember the event afterwards.”
“What kind of memento?”
Should he show her the panties he had stuffed into his pocket only a few minutes earlier? He decided that might frighten her, so he said, “I took a man’s tie once. Another time I pocketed a small figurine from a mantelpiece. I take something which I hope the occupants of the house will not notice its absence at first. They might notice that it is missing some time later, but hopefully they won’t connect it with any particular night.”
“That way you have something physical to remind you of what you have done, right?”
Nathan nodded. She was beginning to understand. What was happening here? Was this woman seeing his compulsion for what it was to him?
“Nathan, you are one of the most interesting men I have ever met.”  
He had never considered that a woman would show even a spark of true curiosity regarding his perversion. But Sarah Hawthorne looked at him with a kind of admiration and a tight-lipped genuine smile. 
“You need to leave now before we accidently make too much noise and wake my husband. Turn the bathroom light back off. I will go back to bed and you leave my house.” She hesitated for a moment before continuing to speak. “But I don’t want you to leave my life. I want to talk to you more about what you do, but under different conditions. Can I see you again? ”
Nathan said, “I would like that.” He couldn’t believe his ears. This woman was asking to see him again. Part of him still doubted her. What did this woman want? She could easily be using her powers of manipulation to fool him into a false sense of belief, only to call the police after he was out of her house. However, he would be very surprised if she did this. She seemed truly interested in what he did. Regardless, she was offering him an escape from a bad situation. He would take the risk. 
He followed her instructions. He turned off the bathroom light and then they both stood. He opened the door and she quickly slipped past him; lightly brushing her body against his in the tight place that the opened bathroom door created. She silently went to her bed and then pulled the covers over herself. Nathan walked quietly through the bathroom door; closing it softly behind him. He crept across the bedroom and closed the bedroom door as softly as he done before. He descended the stairs with a smile on his face, thinking, “What was that all about?” 
Sarah Hawthorne lay in her bed and listened as the sound of Nathan’s steps quickly receded into the night. “What have I just done?”, she whispered to herself. Andrew Hawthorne mumbled something in his sleep. She looked over at her husband of nine years. He changed his sleeping position but never opened his eyes. Like Nathan, Sarah was also smiling.

CHAPTER 2

Sarah Hawthorne was born ‘Sarah Dawson’ to a wealthy family in West Vancouver. Her father was a professor of Engineering at The University of British Columbia, and her mother filled her time with household duties along with a myriad of charity work. Sarah was an only child, and received all the attention she needed and wanted. The family lived in a large house on an old street that was shaded by massive oak trees.
Sarah’s childhood memories were happy ones. She had all the love and support that any little girl could wish for. She really had no need or desire to rebel in her teens, or even into her twenties. Granted, she tried many of the vices that modern society has to offer, but she never took things too far. She majored in Psychology at UBC and graduated with honours to the great delight of her parents. She met her current husband in her final year of university. They married within two months of her convocation. 
Since that point, Sarah Dawson became known, legally and socially, as Sarah Hawthorne. She tried to find work with her B.A. but without much zeal. Her husband Andrew was five years older than her. He had been working at a law firm downtown since being recruited shortly after finishing law school. Andrew Hawthorne worked long hours and often came home exhausted. He had limited time and energy to devote to his wife. They had been married for nine years but did not have any children, so Sarah had built her own life; a life that she was relatively happy with. It involved an exercise routine every morning, lunch with friends, and then afternoons dedicated to volunteer community work. She spent three afternoons a week at the local primary school helping the special-education teacher. Her other two free afternoons were reserved for the re-hab centre in Vancouver’s East Hastings area, a part of the city infamous for its number of heroin addicts.
Sarah derived satisfaction from helping children with learning challenges, as well as those unfortunate people who had fallen under the strong addiction of drugs. However, she always felt something was missing -- something that belonged only to her. Her whole life, she had done everything right. She respected her parents, and still did. She loved her husband, even given their limited time together. Or at least she believed she did. Andrew was a kind man with a strong work ethic who provided her with a comfortable lifestyle. Sarah really had nothing to worry or complain about. She would be the envy of many other women; working single mums, abused women, women in dire financial straits. Sarah had none of these pressures in her life, but she always felt something was lacking.
That is, until last night. Of course, at first she was shocked and frightened by the invasion of her home. But the man who appeared in her bedroom and dragged her into the bathroom was mysterious and interesting. She didn’t tell her husband. In fact, she told no one about the event. It was her own. A secret. She liked the idea of keeping this to herself. She was unhurt. More than that, she was thrilled to meet a man like Nathan, even in that strange circumstance. She had remembered him immediately after he took off those evil-looking goggles. She remembered flirting with him slightly when he came to install the alarm system. Was is it last month? Yes, no more than four weeks ago. She felt something for him then and she felt something again last night. It was almost as if he had re-created himself. When he installed the alarm system he seemed an attractive man, albeit a bit shy. But last night she saw a man of stealth and courage. He said that he had entered the homes of other people. He said that it excited him just to look. Sarah understood this to a certain degree. At house parties that she had been invited to, she often looked in the medicine cabinet when visiting friends’ bathrooms. Of course, it was nothing compared to what Nathan did, but she could see how his actions could cause him to be titillated far beyond what she felt when snooping in other peoples’ medicine cabinets.
But his actions were technically criminal, weren’t they? At the very least, he was trespassing while invading the privacy of others. However, he said that he never intended to hurt anyone. Yes, he took small mementos, but things that were symbolic only. What really seemed to matter to her at this point was that she was interested in this quiet-spoken man with his strange addiction. She wanted to meet him again. She wanted to know more about what he did, and more about him as a person.
Sarah Hawthorne started to formulate a plan. She had to gain the trust of Nathan slowly and carefully. She also knew that she had certain leverage over him. She knew his name, his company’s name, and what he claimed to do on a regular basis late at night. Sarah had never before been a manipulative person, and she wasn’t about to start now, but having this type of hold on someone felt good.
She would call his company from the business card that he had left when he was here a few weeks ago. Complaining about a problem with the alarm system would be a sufficient excuse to come face to face with Nathan again. 


“Good morning, Holden Alarm Installation. How can I help you?” Sally Runyer said clearly and professionally, just as she had done countless times before.
 “Good morning. My name is Sarah Hawthorne. Your company installed an alarm system in my home almost a month ago. I seem to be having a small problem with it. Can you ask the technician to return to fix it, please?”
“What is the problem specifically, Ma’am?” Sally said cheerfully.
Sarah had not thought this through. She scrambled quickly in her mind for a decent reason to complain. “There is a small red light that keeps flashing. It started a few days ago and I am afraid that it might mean that the system is not working properly. Maybe I am being too paranoid, but I need someone to come here and have a look, for my peace of mind.” 
Not bad, Sarah thought; especially for a spur of the moment.
“Of course, Ma’am. I will arrange for the technician to come by your home as soon as possible. Do you remember who installed the alarm? Was it an older man or a younger man? We have a small staff.”
“It was a younger man. I would say about thirty years old.”
“That would be Nathan; the owner’s son. I’ll call him and ask when he is free. May I call you back at this number later today to tell you when he is available?”
Available. Sarah liked the sound of that. “Yes, that would be fine. Thank-you. Bye.”
Sarah replaced the cordless phone in its charger cradle. She felt that she had just stepped over a threshold into a world that would bring surprises she could barely imagine. She sensed that her life was about to change in a major way. Sarah was truly excited; a feeling that she had not experienced in a very long time.

While Sarah was putting through the call, Nathan was at home, thinking about the events of the night before. He decided that going to the gym this morning was out of the question. He couldn’t concentrate. His body was tired from lack of sleep due to the many thoughts swirling around inside his head. The greatest of these thoughts was fear. Fear that Sarah Hawthorne could have just been lying last night when she said that she wanted to see him again. Maybe she was lying when she showed interest in him and what he did. It could have been just a ploy to get him out of the house. However, he reasoned, if she was just feigning interest, then she would have called the police right after he had left her house. But that didn’t happen.
He was half-waiting for a call from the police, or a forceful knock on the door. He kept looking at his fire escape off his small balcony that would lead down three floors to the alley behind his apartment block. Could he make it time to escape before the police knocked in the door and captured him? Then again, maybe capture was the best thing. Part of him wanted to confess everything. End all this madness. His mind was reeling.
Along with all these negative thoughts came one positive thought. Possibly Sarah did want to see him again. Maybe she was fascinated by his actions. Maybe she was truly attracted to him. He closed his eyes and replayed the events of last night; watching her sleep, the fright both of them felt when the bathroom light caught him, and the whispered conversation they shared sitting on the bathroom floor. He remembered the feel of her skin, the firmness of her body, and her scent. She was beautiful in every way imaginable. He allowed himself a few moments of fantasy where he was with her in an intimate way. He didn’t imagine making love to her, but rather he only imagined kissing her softly, stroking her hair, and feeling her relax in his arms.
This dream was abruptly interrupted when his phone rang sharply. He jumped and then froze. Was it the police? He had to answer and face whoever was on the other end. With a thumping heart and sweat on his palms, Nathan Holden picked up the cordless receiver, pressed the button, and said hello. 
“Hey, Nathan! It’s Sally. Sorry to call you so early. I know you don’t start for another few hours but I got a call from a customer who says she is having trouble with her alarm. You installed it a few weeks ago…. a Ms. Hawthorne? Do you remember that job?” My god, Nathan thought, she didn’t call the police. She called the company office and complained of a faulty alarm; the perfect pretense to get him back over to her house. All his fear immediately dissipated. It was replaced with excitement. He was not in trouble. In fact, he was overjoyed at the thought of seeing Sarah again. 
“Nathan, you still there?” Sally said confusedly, since Nathan had been silent for what seemed like a long time. He was generally a quiet sort of guy, but this silence was going on a bit long. 
“Yeah, Sally. I’m still here. What did you say her name was again?” 
“Ms. Hawthorne.” Sally gave the address. There was no need for Nathan to write it down. He was just going through with these formalities so that everything seemed normal. 
“What did you tell her, Sally?” Nathan inquired.
“I just said that you would come around when you were free. I didn’t know if you had plans for this morning before your shift, so I didn’t want to promise her any definite time.” 
“That’s fine. I’m not doing anything special this morning, so can you call her back and tell her that I can drop by around eleven a.m.” Nathan was trying very hard to control his voice, and sound nonchalant. Inside, he was bursting. All this was such brand new territory. Before last night, there was only one other person who knew of his night-time escapades; his best friend, Steve Kowalski. 
Nathan, and anyone close to Steve, called him ‘Ski’. They had been friends since grade nine. Ski thought Nathan was a bit nuts for doing what he did, but he still got a thrill out of the stories Nathan would sometimes tell after a few beers. He didn’t believe his friend at first, but the variety and bizarre nature of these stories convinced Ski that they had to be true. Nathan told of his ‘visits’ with a flat monotonous voice that was convincing. And, of course, Nathan had showed him some of the mementos that he had collected. All of it added up to some bizarre shit, but deep down he admired his friend’s courage. Ski didn’t quite understand why Nathan felt compelled to do what he did. Regardless, Ski was the only person who knew…until last night.
Nathan trusted Ski, but he knew nothing of Sarah Hawthorne. She was a completely unknown quantity. What were her motives? Was she simply a bored trophy wife? He doubted that. Her demeanor and curiosity lead Nathan to believe that she was genuinely tantalized by who he was, and by what he did. Ski thought the whole thing more-or-less amusing, but Sarah appeared to see a bit deeper. Nathan was hoping that he could convince her that what he did was harmless, while at the same time thrilling. Would this excite her sexually? He could only hope.

Nathan parked his van in the driveway this time; being a legitimate, invited guest in the Hawthorne home. For the second time that morning, his heart began to beat faster and his palms became sweaty. He took three deep breaths before he could calm himself enough to open the van’s door and hop down to the black asphalt of the driveway. He closed the door and faced the house. Then he began the short walk to the front door, remembering that it was only hours ago that he had made this walk in darkness with his outfit of black and equipment bag. He had a different equipment bag with him now; one that contained all the tools necessary for any installation, or repair, of a home alarm system. Nathan knew that none of the tools would be used this morning. Sarah’s call to the company’s office complaining of a faulty alarm was only an excuse. But, of course, Sarah Hawthorne was married and they both had to keep this relationship secret. Relationship? Could it even be called that at this point? Right now it was only the suggestion, the idea, of a relationship. And what would it become? Nathan realized that, in a sense, he had no choice. Sarah knew things about him that he needed to be kept hidden. He had to pursue this course of action. To refuse her would be very risky.
He rang the doorbell and waited. The street seemed just as quiet as it did last night. A few birds were chirping and the air was warmer, but a glance to his left and right didn’t reveal any movement in the way of cars or pedestrians. His head snapped back to face the door when he heard the deadbolt slide. The door opened and he was staring at the round, flushed face of a very short woman he had never seen before.
“Yes, can I help you?” the woman said. 
Had he parked in the wrong driveway in his nervousness? Who was this woman? 
“I’m…looking for Ms. Hawthorne.” Nathan stuttered out.
“Oh, yes. She is just finishing her shower. You must be from the alarm company. She’ll be with you after she dresses. You can come in and wait in the living room.”
Nathan removed his boots and surmised that this woman must be a housekeeper. She wasn’t here when he first visited to install the alarm. But that was in the late afternoon, so she must work earlier in the day. He immediately made a mental note to ask Sarah about her hours. He was already projecting into the future, imagining regular visits to this house to see Sarah. But that would cause questions from neighbors, wouldn’t it? Even if he saw no activity on the street it didn’t mean that there wasn’t some busybody looking through their window, surveying the street. Some people feel the need to meddle into other peoples’ business. Boredom, Nathan supposed. No life of their own.
The woman he concluded must be the domestic help had disappeared into the kitchen where the sound of running water could be heard. He sat down on the large leather couch and strained to hear any movement upstairs. He heard a few light footsteps and conjured up an image of Sarah softly padding around her bedroom, selecting clothes. The other woman had not called up, but Sarah must be expecting him, and would hopefully be pleasantly surprised to see him sitting in her living room. 
The living room was rich in taste and fabric. Beside the very expensive couch he was sitting on, there were also two reclining chairs with matching silk, striped patterns. There were both original and replicas of paintings hung strategically, as well as curtains and carpet that looked like something out of one of those home decoration magazines. Nathan’s mouth began to feel dry and pasty. He hoped that Sarah would come down soon and offer him a drink.

Unbeknownst to Nathan, Sarah Hawthorne had been out of the shower and had heard his van pull into the driveway. Still only in a towel, she had pushed her bedroom curtains to the side slightly to get a good view of him as he got out of his van and walked toward her front door. He was certainly an attractive man; solid physique, confident walk, not too tall nor too short, and with a clean, fresh face. What kind of journey was she about to embark upon? She didn’t quite know at this point, but it felt exciting. 
She had had some trouble getting back to sleep last night after Nathan had left her bedroom in the dark. Her husband Andrew never awoke until his usual time of 6:30 a.m. He never mentioned anything about any sounds last night. He took his coffee and bagel with him in his car after giving his wife a perfunctory kiss on the cheek. She would not see him again until probably after 7 or 8 p.m. He worked hard to give them a very comfortable lifestyle. He was not a bad man. He was simply a busy man. His law office demanded much of his time. She had loved him once, and maybe still did. Love comes in many forms. But it was undeniable that their relationship had slipped into a routine that allowed them so little time to bring back that spark that had started it all. Sarah pondered for a moment on how many other married couples out there had also fallen out of love, but still kept going, not mentioning the obvious fact that they no longer desired each other.
She chose her clothes carefully. She wanted to make a good impression on Nathan. She slipped into a grey tweed skirt that fit her snugly. She then picked out a maroon blouse that was slightly transparent, without being too revealing. She stared at her image in the mirror to make some final adjustments. “Are you ready for this, Sarah?” she whispered to herself. A devious smile crept along her mouth, it broke into a full grin, and she turned away to open the door of her bedroom. She made the few steps along the landing before starting to descend the steps. Near half-way down she could see Nathan sitting on the couch, wearing his work overalls, with a tool box at his feet. He was staring at a framed Matisse print. She paused in her descent, but only slightly. Sarah walked down the remaining steps, took a deep breath, and entered the living room.
“Hello, Nathan.” Sarah said evenly. She smiled at the man who had clasped his hand over her mouth and dragged her into her own bathroom only hours ago. However, the man sitting on her living room couch did not appear in any way like a criminal. 
He swung his head from the painting to Sarah. She looked stunning. He was dumbfounded for a moment before he realized that he should say something. But what? Who was she to him now? Certainly not just a customer any longer. But not a lover, not a friend. Not yet.
“Hello, Ms. Hawthorne.” Nathan finally half-whispered. He was still acutely aware of the cleaning lady in the kitchen, who was still making noise as she put dishes way. Sarah walked a few paces forward and sat down at the other end of the couch he was on. In a lower voice, so as not to be overheard by the housekeeper, she said, “There’s no need to be formal after what we have been through together. Call me Sarah.”
Nathan smiled slightly as he realized the strength of her point. They were connected now in an unusual way. They shared a secret. This moment of realization was a type of relief to Nathan because he had been worried up until this point about Sarah’s intentions. He was now quite sure that she meant no harm. The look that she was giving him confirmed in his mind that Sarah Hawthorne was an ally. 
“You gave me quite a fright last night.” Sarah said in her same whispered tone. 
“Sorry about that. You surprised me as well. It was the last thing I was expecting. I’m sorry if I hurt you.” Nathan felt the need to explain his feelings, and actions, of last night.
“Please don’t apologize, Nathan. I’m fine. In fact, I’m more than fine. I am really pleased that you have come back today so that we can get to know each other better.”
“I’m happy to hear that, Ms. Hawtho……Sarah.”
“Rosemarie will be finished in the kitchen any minute now and then she’ll be leaving to catch a bus down the road. She comes in for a few hours every weekday morning to help me with some of the house work. I told her to expect the repairman from the alarm company, so for the moment we are just discussing the problems I am having with the alarm system.”
As if on cue, Rosemarie the house keeper appeared in the opening of the living room. “Ms. Hawthorne, I’m finished now and need to rush to catch my 11:15 bus. See you tomorrow.”
“Thank-you, Rosemarie” 
Sarah didn’t attempt to introduce Nathan. To Rosemarie he was just another one of the repairmen who came to the house for any variety of reasons from time to time.
Sarah and Nathan watched Rosemarie quickly slip on her outdoor shoes before quietly leaving by the front door. The house was now almost uncomfortably silent for Nathan. Rosemarie’s presence at least gave some distraction. Nathan was still staring in the direction of the front door, but Sarah was staring directly at Nathan. 
“Explain to me again why you were in my house last night, Nathan.” Sarah spoke in a louder, more confident voice. 
Nathan was slightly startled by her increased voice volume, and by the direct nature of her question. But he understood her need to know about his actions. It was why he was here. She deserved an explanation and she wanted to explore his motivation. She didn’t call the police because she found him interesting and mysterious. He had sparked something in her that he now wanted to nurture. Any chance of building a relationship with this beautiful woman depended on keeping her interested. 
Nathan struggled in his mind about how to begin to explain. “Well, like I said last night, your house is not the first that I’ve visited. I’ve been inside countless homes in the middle of the night as the occupants slept. They’ve all been former customers with my alarm company. I don’t visit every home in which I install an alarm system, only those that strike me as…..as, I guess the best word would be ‘intriguing’. I come back in the night sometime later; open their front doors with the extra key that I have made, disarm their alarm, and wander around the house as silently as possible.”
“I surmised all that already, Nathan. What I want to know is why. You said last night that you like to look. You don’t harm the occupants in any way except by stealing small, insignificant mementos. By the way, did you take anything of ours before I caught you last night?”
Nathan thought that full disclosure would be the best path to take at this moment. “Yes, I did. I took a pair of your panties; the white lace ones from your top drawer.”
“Do you like to wear women’s underwear?”
“No, not at all! What I take from peoples’ homes are kinds of mementoes that I can hold in my hands later to kind of relive the event. It’s not erotic, not really.”
“But why a pair of my panties? Why not my socks, or my husband’s underwear?”
Nathan knew that he must admit his full feelings. “I found you very attractive when we first met weeks ago as I installed your alarm system. I felt that you were flirting with me a bit when I was here working. I watched you sleep for a while before you awoke last night, and I had a strong desire to touch you. You’re a very beautiful woman, Sarah.”
Sarah Hawthorne looked at Nathan Holden for a long time before she spoke again. Her expression was neutral except for a slight rise from the left half of her mouth. She seemed neither displeased nor thrilled by this confession.
“Would you like something to drink, Nathan? Something cold, perhaps?” 
“Yes, please. My throat is so dry. I would love a cold drink.”
“Alright. I’ll be right back.”
Sarah rose from the couch and walked gracefully into the kitchen, where Nathan could hear the sounds of cupboards being opened and closed, the fridge opening, liquid pouring, and finally the sound of Sarah returning. She held a tray with two tall crystal glasses filed with what looked liked iced tea.
“Here you go, ‘Mr. Voyeur’; iced tea, on ice, to wet your throat.” She smiled broadly. It appeared to Nathan that Sarah had accepted his explanation, or was at least not overly shocked. He drank thirstily, draining at least half the glass in relief.
“Nathan, I’m really not sure where our relationship is heading. To be honest, I’m attracted to you as well, but I’m married, which complicates things immensely. I think that today has been good for both of us. Your secret is safe with me. I want to learn more about what you do and why you do it. However, we must be very discreet. Today’s alarm excuse can only be use once. We can’t have you pulling up the driveway every day. The neighbors will talk. I have a nice, comfortable life that I do not want to risk losing. At the same time, I don’t want to lose you. You are still a riddle to me. Can we see each other again, but in a different place?”
“Yes, I’d like that. Let me give you my personal cell phone number. Call me when you have time. On most weekdays, I work from noon until about 8 or 9 p.m. So my mornings and often my weekends are free.” Sarah took her own cell phone from the side table to her right and punched in the numbers Nathan recited by memory. She immediately called the number and then Nathan stored her number.
“I think you should go now, Nathan. Thanks for repairing my alarm system.” Both of them smiled as they rose from the couch. She reached out and touched his arm, letting her hand linger a little long. Nathan felt a rush through his bloodstream. They stared into each others’ eyes for a moment before Nathan looked down. All this was quite new and somewhat overwhelming for him. He walked toward the front door, bent down to lace up his boots, and then stood to look at Sarah Hawthorne one more time. Her face was glowing in the light that came through the thick, tinted glass of the front door.
“Good-bye for now, Sarah.”
“See you later, Nathan.”

CHAPTER 3

Nathan drove slowly out of the North Vancouver suburb while replaying segments of the last few hours in his mind; the fear he felt inside his apartment, the call from Sally, his anticipation at seeing Sarah again, and finally, the meeting with Sarah. He remembered her face, her clothes, the shape of her body. He remembered the things she said about being attracted to him. 
She had seemed a bit stand-offish. But that was natural, wasn’t it? He was in her house under the pretense of being the repairman. The housekeeper had been there at first, and then Sarah had opened up and relaxed somewhat after the woman had left. Their meeting had been brief. What did he expect though, for the woman to throw her arms around him and declare her everlasting love? Both of them hardly knew each other. She was married, and he was just a technician who happened to have a habit of sneaking around inside peoples’ homes in the middle of the night. He had to smile to himself. Looking at the situation from the outside, it seemed bizarre. 
It did feel quite good to have someone who was interested in what he did, however. She didn’t seem scared, but she might just be. And that could be what the attraction was all about. Sarah Hawthorne lived a comfortable life; big, new house in the burbs, security, safety, stability. Someone told him once that the thing that women desire more than anything else was security; both physically and financially. The theory had made sense at first, but Sarah was entering into a relationship that could jeopardize all of that. So, it seemed that Sarah was not currently looking for security. What was she looking for? A few short-term thrills with a strange man? Was she slumming-it for kicks? Was he just a plaything to her? Surprisingly, Nathan didn’t mind this idea. He also remembered that this woman knew things about him that he wanted to be kept well-hidden. For the moment, he had the upper hand in that he was the one with the fascinating, late-night habit. However, that power could easily shift if he was not careful. In the end, he had to continue along this path and see where it leads. 
Nathan was preoccupied with his work for the rest of the afternoon and evening, but not without Sarah’s smiling face constantly floating in the corner of his mind’s eye. By the time he finished his last job around 8:30 p.m., he had decided that he would text her when he got home. Maybe he was acting too quickly and aggressively. He didn’t want to scare her off. But he also wanted to show her that he was thinking of her. A short text would be appropriate.
“hello Sarah. its Nathan. hope you had a nice day.”, Nathan wrote before stripping off his overalls and jumping into the shower. When he got out he went straight to his cell phone. It was flashing. There was a text from Sarah. It said, “let’s meet tomorrow at your house”. Nathan breathed in deeply as he anticipated seeing Sarah once more. He replied with his address and a suggestion of a 10 o’clock meeting in the morning. Sarah replied that she would be there.

Nathan woke the next morning with a feeling of excitement. He showered and ate a light breakfast before realizing that he still had more than an hour to kill before Sarah was scheduled to arrive. During his morning routine, he had imagined wonderful, detailed scenarios in which he and Sarah made love hungrily in his small apartment. The logical part of his brain kept reminding him that nothing was certain. She had expressed an attraction to him, but she also seemed a very controlled woman who could manage her desires. Sarah was only two years older than Nathan, but she seemed to him to be a much more mature woman. He felt like an awkward teenager in her presence. 
She was going to lose any respect she currently had for him if he didn’t also exert some self-control to show her that he was the one with the courage. Yes, she was taking a risk in starting a relationship with a man who not only was outside of her marriage, but was also outside her social circle; not mentioning the fact that he was a criminal. But Nathan also understood that he was the one who was taking the real risk. Beyond his friend Ski, no one knew of his occasional night-time activities. Sarah Hawthorne was now added to that short list. Could he trust her? 
Nathan wasted the next part of the hour listening to the radio, or simply staring out his balcony window. Finally, at a few minutes past 10 a.m., his intercom buzzed. “Yes?” Nathan said. He tried to sound as neutral as possible as he spoke into the mouthpiece. “Hello, Nathan. It’s Sarah. Can I come up?” Nathan was determined to act as reserved as Sarah. He didn’t answer her question, but simply pressed the entry button for a few seconds. For all his attempts at seeming cool and collected, Nathan was still very nervous and excited. He waited a few minutes for Sarah to take the elevator and find his apartment door. She knocked lightly. He walked slowly toward the door and opened it up to see the woman of his recent desires. 
She did not disappoint his fantasies. Her appearance fueled them. She wore a modest amount of make-up that worked to highlight the contours on a face that really needed no adornment. Her outfit consisted of a simple but elegant form-fitting, long-sleeved black top with straight-cut, white trousers that seemed to be made of a material that Nathan had never before encountered. “God, this woman knows how to dress!”, thought Nathan. After briefly taking-in all this beauty, Nathan smiled broadly and said, “Hi, Sarah. Please come in.” He held the door for her in the narrow space of his hallway. She thanked him and brushed past, close enough so that her shoulder grazed the front of his shirt. Nathan closed his eyes briefly as this moment passed. Her subtle perfume filled his nostrils and seemed to swirl in his brain for a drunken moment.   
Sarah walked confidently into the living room, sat down on Nathan’s favourite chair, crossed her legs, smiled, and asked, “How about a cup of coffee?” Nathan was standing in the space that separated his living room from his kitchen. He frowned in a mocking way and said, “Well, I suppose I could make some fresh brew. How do you take it?” 
“I take it strong, with two creams and two sugars. I like to say that I take my coffee like my men; pale and sweet but with inner strength.” Nathan laughed and turned toward the kitchen.
Sarah settled a little more comfortably in the chair before surveying the room she was now in. Like Nathan, she was also nervous, but was determined not to show it. It was a small apartment, but most were in this area of the city. Driving here this morning was a pleasure. She had always enjoyed Vancouver’s West End. It was what a city should be like; always busy with a great variety of people going about their business in what seemed like a carefree way. The neighborhood was full of great little coffee shops and ethnic restaurants. There wasn’t a single McDonalds or Starbucks in sight. The people seemed to own the shops and the streets. She had parked in the alley behind Nathan’s building, hoping that there wouldn’t be a ticket on her windshield afterwards. Parking on the street seemed a bit risky. Many of her friends often came to the West End for the collection of privately-owned boutiques that were scattered among the other businesses. She didn’t want to risk someone she knew recognizing her car.
Sarah now looked closely at Nathan’s apartment. His living room was nicely decorated, and surprisingly clean. She had visited homes of some single male friends in university, and had found that they lived like animals; dirty dishes constantly in the sink, garbage strewn on the floor or any other surface, and a smell that was a mixture of unwashed laundry and mold. Nathan’s home had none of that. He was near enough to the coast that a light ocean breeze filled the air through the open glass doors of his balcony. His belongings were neatly placed, and everything seemed clean and orderly. She liked that. Like her, he had art hung on his wall that was both original and printed. He seemed to favour abstract art of bold and colourful strokes. It gave the apartment a sense of energy and vitality. 
Nathan then walked into the living room holding two steaming mugs. He placed one on the small table beside Sarah, locking eyes with her as he bent over, and whispered, “You’re sitting in my favourite chair.”
“Well, I’m afraid that I have sunk quite deeply into this old thing. You’ll have to help me up.”
Nathan put his own mug down on the coffee table and stood directly in front of Sarah. He put out both of his arms with his palms facing up. “Let me give you a hand”
Sarah reached up and grasped his two hands. Both of them waited in this position for a moment before Sarah tightened her grip, and Nathan flexed his arm and back muscles while he raised her from her seat. Sarah now stood face-to-face with Nathan, only inches from him. He was enveloped in her perfume again.
“You smell beautiful…as well as look gorgeous, Sarah.” 
Nathan released his grip on her left hand and raised his right hand. He gently caressed the side of her neck and at the base of her hair line. Sarah closed her eyes and softly moaned in pleasure. She leaned closer to Nathan until their foreheads almost touched. She brought her chin up slightly and looked into Nathan’s face; scanning his bright eyes, smooth skin, and full mouth. Nathan responded by lightly brushing his lips against hers. She responded immediately. They fully embraced and kissed deeply. 
Sarah was the first to pull her face back a bit. Nathan sensed her subtle movement and stopped kissing her. They still had their arms wrapped tightly around each other; Sarah’s breasts pressed firmly against Nathan’s ribcage. She smiled up at him and wet her lips. Nathan took her hand and turned to lead her into the bedroom. Sarah saw and felt what his intensions were. She hesitated and Nathan tuned back to face her.
“Are we sure about this?” Sarah asked.
“Not at all.” Nathan answered. 
Sarah took several deep breaths before allowing Nathan to lead her toward his bedroom, letting her base desires win over her practical side. 
Nathan never let go of Sarah’s hand until he had sat down on the edge of his bed. Sarah loomed over him in all her glory and grace. He placed both his hands on her waist and lifted her top, exposing her flat stomach. He continued raising her top over her bra. Sarah took the black top from him to bring over her head. She let the garment fall behind her.
Nathan cupped both her breasts and squeezed gently. Sarah bent over and kissed him again, this time with her lips and tongue. Nathan was getting steadily more excited. He stood up and turned Sarah around so that he could unzip the back of her expensive trousers and watch them drop to the floor at her feet. She was wearing matching, black lace panties and bra. He wanted to touch all of her at once, but satisfied himself by running his hands all over her body in a quick but focused way, his erection pressing against her buttocks. 
They undressed each other in record time. Their lovemaking was rushed and aggressive. They never spoke, but expressed their desires and pleasure by gestures and guttural noises. Both were fully aroused, and ultimately, fully satisfied. They explored each other’s body like the new adventure that it was. 
Afterwards, exhausted and spent, Sarah lay with her head resting against Nathan’s strong shoulder. Their bodies still gleamed from sweat, as well as still buzzed with echoes of their orgasms. Both breathed deeply and were finally able to speak in full sentences.
“My god, Nathan…that was wonderful!”
Nathan was silent for a moment before he spoke. “I had fantasized about making love to you many times, but that was more amazing then I ever imagined.”
Sarah played with the light tufts of Nathan’s chest hair and whispered,” That was the first time I have ever been unfaithful to my husband. My lack of guilt is surprising me. Maybe it will hit me later. But right now all I feel is warmth and peace.”
“I’m not sure where this relationship will take us. I’m fully aware that you are married with an established life. But, I just don’t care. I’m glad that we slept together today. I feel like we have broken a wall and I’m eager to explore the other side.”
“Well, that was quite poetic, Nathan. Not bad for a criminal.” Sarah twisted her neck upward and smiled broadly.
“Is that how you see me? A criminal?”
“I hope you’re not upset. But what you do in other peoples’ homes is technically illegal. You have to admit that.”
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right. But I don’t harm anyone in any real way. I don’t feel bad about what I do.”
“A gentleman’s perversion?”
Nathan laughed. “I like that…a ‘gentleman’s perversion’. Now you’re the one being poetic.”
Sarah lifted herself up to a kneeling position beside Nathan on the bed. “That coffee you made earlier was wasted. So, when are going to offer me another drink? I’m parched.”
“Right away, Ma’am. What would you like? Something cold after all that exercise? A beer perhaps?”
“Yes, please!”
Nathan pushed himself up until his back was resting against the headboard. He then took Sarah’s hand and lightly kissed her fingers. “I’ll be right back with two cold beers. If you want to shower then there are fresh towels on the rack in the bathroom. Please make yourself at home.” He slid off the bed and walked naked into his kitchen. Sarah watched him closely and felt her desire rise again for a few seconds. After he disappeared from sight she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror across the room. Her hair was disheveled, but her complexion glowed. She grinned slightly before turning toward the bedroom door in search of the bathroom. 

Fifteen minutes later both Nathan and Sarah were sitting on the coach in the living room, fully dressed and showered, enjoying the first few sips of a cold beer.
Nathan kept stealing glances at Sarah’s face and body. His memory still reeled with the images and feelings he had experienced in the last hour. He couldn’t seem to remove the contented little smile from his mouth. Sarah suddenly turned from her inspection of one of Nathan’s paintings to catch him staring at her and grinning. She couldn’t help but to smile back and then they both began to laugh in a low, comfortable manner.
“Well, Ms. Hawthorne. It has been very nice meeting you. Is there any other work that I can help you with?”
“Shut-up.” Sarah said with her broad smile. “This is not all one-sided, remember.”
“Yes. You’re quite right. I was the one to make first contact, when I put my hand over your mouth and dragged you into your own bathroom in the middle of the night.”
“Oh, yeah. You were charming.” Sarah paused. “That night was quite exceptional, wasn’t it? I mean, it could have worked out so differently. I should have screamed my head off and put your ass in jail.”
Nathan laughed loudly. “I think I would have been able to escape before the police arrived.” He couldn’t take his eyes off her face. “I’m so happy you eventually responded the way you did. Starting to get to know you has been exciting…and, of course, this morning was fantastic.” 
“I agree. But, I’m afraid this morning has to come to an end. I have a lunch appointment, and I believe you have a job to get to?”
“That’s right. But I want to see you again, Sarah. Please tell me you feel the same way.”
“I do. Unfortunately, my schedule is really busy over the next few days. Can we meet on the weekend?”
“Sure. Give me a call or text when you are free. By the way, do I need to worry about your husband when calling your cell phone?”
“No, it should be fine. Texts I can read privately, and if I happen to be in the same room with him when you call then I can just go into another room. Nathan, the truth is that I don’t spend that much time with my husband.  He works long hours, and often weekends. That might explain my lack of guilt I mentioned earlier. And that lack of guilt still exists now. Andrew and I just don’t share much. He’s a good man and I loved him once. But our relationship has fallen into some kind of stale routine. It’s partly my fault for letting the situation get this bad without trying to intervene and gets things back to the way they were when we first married. Regardless, it is what it is.”
Both Sarah and Nathan were silent for a minute while they contemplated this damaged marriage from very different perspectives.
Sarah finally broke the spell by rising from her seat on the couch. Nathan followed her example and collected the two empty beer bottles. He walked into the kitchen to deposit them on the counter near the sink, before returning to see Sarah to the door. She slipped on her shoes, rose to her full height, stepped close to Nathan and kissed him with passion. Nathan placed his right hand on her lower back and pulled her against him. Sarah could feel his excitement rising and pressing near her waistband. She kept her eyes closed for a moment longer before pulling away.
“I promise to call you soon. Bye, Nathan.”
“Good-bye, Ms. Hawthorne.”
“Oh, stop calling me that!” Sarah pinched his arm, turned, and opened the door. She didn’t turn around, but crossed Nathans threshold, and silently closed the door behind her.
Nathan stood completely still for a while, staring at the door, allowing his mind to replay the events of this morning. It still seemed like a dream, but he knew it wasn’t. The pragmatic part of his brain asked him how he thought this relationship would develop. Where was it going? It was futile and dangerous. Nathan ignored these thoughts and remembered Sarah’s smile, her laugh, and her beauty. 
He had a strong desire to share this wonderful development with someone. There was only one other person who knew of his night-time pleasures, and who might appreciate what had just transpired over the past few days. He walked toward his cordless home phone to dial Ski’s number.

CHAPTER 4

Glancing at his watch and knowing he had less than an hour to get ready for work, Nathan picked up his phone and hit the long-ago memorized number for Ski’s pet store in Burnaby. Anyone exploring Vancouver’s streets for the first time would drive through Burnaby without realizing that they were leaving Vancouver proper, and entering a different city. Once upon a time it might have been separated, but like many other large urban areas around the world, Vancouver has swallowed many smaller satellite cities to form a huge metropolis.
Ski had chosen the strip mall for his pet shop in Burnaby precisely for its location amongst so many roads filled with homes of mostly middle-class families. Ski had always been an animal-lover in the length of Nathan’s memory. He was always bringing home stray cats as a teenager, much to his mother’s chagrin. He started to study Biology, as well as Animal Behavior, at Simon Fraser University. Unfortunately, the poor health of an alcoholic father forced him to quit school and to start working prematurely to help his family. He had toiled at a series of menial labour jobs, such as a carpenter’s helper and a factory worker, until his father’s death of liver failure. Ski had only been 21 years old at the time. His father’s death was almost a relief for him and his mother. The man had been a burden and a violent threat to his own family. A well-planned life insurance policy payment allowed Ski and his mother to open the pet store near their home. 
Although Ski never finished his university studies, he was happy with his life; especially the change in spirit that had occurred inside his very sweet mother. Within months of her husband’s death, Ski noticed her smiling more often, getting involved with old friends, and being extremely useful in the shop. They had both struggled to make sense of a small business for several years before they started to see a profit. But things were good now; a regular clientele, as well as a solid staff that were trustworthy and faithful.
Ski picked up Nathan’s call after the first ring as he was sitting at his desk in the back office of the pet shop at the time. 
“Ski! It’s Nathan. You busy?”
“Just doing some paperwork, pal. What’s up?”
“Well, I don’t really know how to start exactly. But I don’t want to talk about it on the phone. Want to get together later tonight? We can meet at The Waddling Duck around nine. How does that sound?”
“Um, yeah, that should be fine. What’s this all about? Are you in trouble?”
“No. I’m OK. Well, at least everything seems alright for now. How about I leave you in suspense for ten hours?”
“Terrific. You’re always the mysterious man, Nate. See you later then.”
“Bye”
Nathan hung-up and smiled. He imagined his conversation with Ski at the pub later that night, and began to formulate sentences that would explain to his best friend of many years how he had just started a very unusual relationship with a married woman whom he met in the middle of the night in her own house, almost scaring her to death. Would anyone believe him? The whole situation seemed like a bizarre dream. Telling Ski would make it more real, and Nathan was sure that the always even-headed Ski would give him some solid advice and some proper perspective. Nathan anticipated that Ski would tell him to get out fast before anything went any further. But Nathan was still glowing from his time with Sarah. Her scent was still in the house. He kept replaying moments they shared together in his head. The train had left the station and it was gathering speed. Nathan doubted much could stop it; short of a derailing. 

 Sarah Hawthorne was relieved to see that her beloved BMW remained in place in the alleyway behind Nathan’s apartment block, without any parking tickets attached. She instinctively looked around while taking the last several steps toward the car. She realized that she was feeling a slight amount of shame and fear. Inside Nathan’s apartment she had been bragging about her lack of guilt, but it was slowly creeping up on her. Her mind and heart were a mixture of regret and warmth.  
Being close to Nathan in that way had been fantastic and thrilling. She and her husband hadn’t made love like that for years; so much passion and so little inhibition. Sarah slid behind the wheel of her car, closed the door, and stayed completely still for several minutes. Her eyes were closed as she vividly remembered the strength of Nathan’s arms, his tenderness, and her own deep-felt desire. 
This glorious memory was abruptly interrupted by a knock on her driver’s side window. She opened her eyes suddenly and spun her head around to come face to face with a man of indiscernible age, sporting a long, scraggly beard and blood-shot eyes. He was speaking but she couldn’t hear what he was saying. His hand was held out in that timeless gesture of all beggars. She shook her head and started the engine. She put the car into reverse and immediately backed out of her position; forcing the stranger to jump back to avoid his toes being crushed. 
Sarah’s heart was racing. Her jaw was set in determination as she drove recklessly out of the alleyway, almost colliding with a metal garbage can. She turned right upon meeting the main street. She actually needed to turn left, but she just wanted to keep moving further away from her experience with the homeless man in the alleyway. And also away from her actions with Nathan. What had she done? This wasn’t who she was. She was married to a good man, had a secure and satisfying life. This had been a mistake that should not be repeated. She told herself that she would call Nathan as soon as she arrived home and end this relationship. 
She circled around and headed in the direction of the Lion’s Gate Bridge that would take her over the Georgia Straight to her safe home in amongst the old pine trees of North Vancouver’s suburbs. She wanted familiar surroundings. She wanted to feel at home, as well as be at home. Her lunch plans with her friends could easily be canceled with an excuse of illness. She needed to be alone and try to erase in her mind all that had happened in the last few days. She was speaking to herself in the car. “Finish it, girl. This will end eventually, and it will end messily. Go back to the way things were…right now.”
However, in the back of Sarah’s mind she knew that she couldn’t end it. This was the most exciting thing that had happened to her in years. Nathan was a fascinating man that she had to unravel and try to understand. She wanted to enter his world and enter his mind. What made him want to break into peoples’ homes while they slept? What gave this gentle man the courage to carry through with his fantasies over and over again? She wanted to hear his stories. She wanted to dig deeper into his psyche and discover his secrets.
Upon arriving home, Sarah had composed herself enough to enter her home. Rosemarie was busy vacuuming the living room rug, her head down in determination. Sarah easily slipped unheard past her and up the stairs. In her bedroom she washed her face in the en-suite. After toweling off, she glanced down at the spot on the floor where she and Nathan had sat that pivotal night.
It seemed to her that everything was moving so quickly. This time last week she could not have imagined that anything like this could have occurred. She had a huge secret inside her that she couldn’t share with anyone. But it also felt nice to have that secret. It was her own and it was currently giving her a thrill and a meaning to her life that had been lacking.
Sarah stripped off her clothing and changed into some old jeans and a worn t-shirt. For the first time in many months she went downstairs and helped Rosemarie with the housework, after she had texted her friends to cancel her attendance at the lunch-date. She feigned sickness, but nothing could be further from the truth. She felt great. She felt energetic and restless. She worked alongside Rosemarie, who was surprised and pleased, for the rest of the morning; cleaning, washing, and even a bit of ironing, which she usually detested. 
She prepared a light salad for herself after Rosemarie left. This afternoon she was committed to help at the re-hab centre downtown. Occasionally, these two afternoons a week could be depressing. However, Sarah felt that her enthusiasm and joy would be contagious. She hoped that her current mood would continue and that her attitude would help some of the clients who took advantage of the services offered. She brushed her teeth after her lunch as usual. She showered and changed. Sarah Hawthorne was acting as she always did, except that she harboured a memory and an anticipation that no one could know about. 

Nathan’s day at work dragged on, like none other ever had. He often dwelt on his morning with Sarah, sometimes losing his concentration, having to start a procedure from the beginning again. Luckily, he worked alone and could have an off-day without anyone really noticing. He returned to the office before 7:30 p.m. to file his daily report, have a short chat with Sally, and head home to get ready to meet Ski at the pub. 
Upon entering his bedroom he saw the disheveled bed that he had wanted to keep unmade earlier in the day, as a sort of a visual reminder. The crumpled sheets and duvet resembled some kind of struggle from a crime scene. He stripped off his work clothes and showered slowly. Let Ski sit in suspense for a while longer. 
Finally, Nathan returned to his van in the secure parking lot in the bowels of his building. He drove the thirty, or so, minutes to The Waddling Duck in a state of contentment and hopeful anticipation. Both he and Sarah were unsure where this relationship would go. But he had a strong sense that both also wanted to follow the path to see where it led.  
Nathan noticed Ski’s old Toyota in the parking lot while he searched for the few remaining empty spots left on the premises. The pub was popular every night of the week. It had a warm atmosphere and very friendly staff, coupled with delicious food and drinks that arrived quickly. It was one of the oldest pubs in the Vancouver area; dating back to when there was a small French-Canadian community living in this area known as Mallardeville.
Ski spotted Nathan as he entered. He waved him over to the table he had chosen in the far corner, away from curious ears. Nathan walked the length of the bustling, noisy room without noticing anyone or anything. He looked directly at Ski the whole time, and had the biggest, silliest grin on his face. Ski thought that anybody watching this scene would conclude that the two men were more than friends. “What is that idiot smiling so much about?” thought Ski. 
“Hey, buddy!” Nathan extended his hand and gave Ski two firm pumps. 
“Someone’s a happy boy. Sit down. Have a beer. Tell Uncle Ski everything.”
“Oh, yeah. I should have picked up a drink on my way past the bar. Well, I see Angeline is working this section tonight. She’ll be over soon. In the meantime, would you like to hear the most bizarre story to ever to happen to me?”
“Without a doubt; especially considering your track record. This turn of events should be golden. Let’s hear it.”
Nathan casually looked around their immediate area and then felt safe enough to speak in a low but clear voice. 
“I went for another little adventure a few nights ago, and I think you know what I am taking about.”
Ski nodded and smiled slightly. 
“Well, it all went fine until one of the occupants of the house woke-up.”
“Shit”
“Yeah, ‘shit’ is right. She saw me and was about to scream before I literally tackled her and dragged her into the bathroom to try to calm her down. My heart was racing. This had never happened before. On impulse, I took off my night goggles to show her my face. She recognized me from the afternoon I installed the alarm for her and her husband. It wasn’t easy, but…”
Angeline the waitress appeared. “Evening, boys. Nathan, you want a beer? Bottle of Kokanee, right?”
“Yes, please, Ang. Thanks.” Angeline walked briskly away.
“But what?” Ski brought Nathan’s mind back to the story. He loved Nathan’s stories. He often wondered to himself if they were all true, or whether his friend was a pathological liar. If he was making all this up then he was a terrific liar and a great actor.
“But slowly, with a bit of time and some soothing words, she settled down and we had a conversation, sitting on the bathroom floor.”
“Shit”
“Stop saying that. In the end, she let me go. But before I left she said that she wanted to see me again.”
“Shi…sorry. Really?”
“Really! I thought she might have been messing with my mind; just planning to call the police after I left the bedroom. But she didn’t. I went back over to her house the next day after she called the office to complain about a problem with her alarm system. We spoke a little more and then she came over to my apartment this morning.” Nathan let all the information sink into Ski’s head. His eyes registered that he had heard and understood. But did he really understand yet?
During this lull in conversation, Angeline returned with Nathan’s beer. He was relieved when the cold liquid hit the back of his throat. 
Ski was staring into an empty space on the opposite wall. He turned to Nathan after a few moments and said, “Please tell me that you didn’t sleep with her.”
Nathan’s mouth twisted into a conspirator’s smirk.
“Oh, no! This is not good, Nathan. Do you realize what you have done? This woman knows where you work, your name, your office phone number. She can go to the police and tell them that you broke into her house. What were you thinking?”
“What was I supposed to do? She surprised me in the middle of the night. I consider myself lucky to have gotten away. She seems interested in me. She thinks what I do is fascinating.”
Ski realized that Nathan had a good point. She had not contacted the police. But his careless friend had slept with a married woman that now knew about his little perversion, as well as where he lived. This had potential trouble written all over it.
“Nathan, you have to get out of this somehow. I imagine that right now you’re thrilled and excited about the beginning of this bizarre little romance. But she has power over you, don’t you see that?”
“I know. Believe me, I know. But what I am supposed to do? If I upset her now, then she might go to the police. Right now I have her attention. She’s a bored, rich housewife who is feeling as excited as I am. I need to keep this thing going and sort it out later, if I can.”
Ski was torn between the logic of what his friend was saying, and the strong impulse that he should do what he can to protect his friend from inevitable disaster.
“Please be careful, buddy. I’m afraid that this will all end up ugly, with you in jail.”
Nathan and Ski spoke about other topics for a while longer. They then paid their bills and left together. In the parking lot, Ski had to say one more thing about Nathan’s new relationship.
“Listen, Nate. I know I keep pressing the same point, but I’m really scared that this woman you met could hurt you. Start thinking of a way to end it neatly. Somehow you need to let her go in such a way that she will not go to the police. How that can be accomplished, I don’t know. Just think about, OK?”
That same silly grin returned to Nathan’s face as he stared at his friend.
“C’mon, man! Let me have a little fun before I pull the plug. This woman is really great.”
Ski shook his head slowly as he turned and walked toward his car, mumbling a ‘goodnight’ to his long-time friend.
Nathan watched Ski go, feeling a sense of pride that his friend was feeling so protective of him. 

Sarah inched along with the afternoon rush-hour traffic from The East Hastings area toward her home in North Vancouver. Her afternoon at the re-had centre had been her best yet. She was like a magnet to anyone who came within the radius of her smile. The centre functioned on a small budget, partly from the provincial government and partly from public donations. She and Andrew had given several thousand dollars over the past year alone. But to Sarah it wasn’t money that the clientele needed most. Yes, they needed clothing, shelter, and job-training. However, Sarah felt what they needed most was to be treated as if they were not degenerates. Most had no family to take care of them. They were essentially alone in the world. They had friends on the street, but these relationships could be bought and sold quickly. Sarah felt that they mostly needed human connection and a kind of love; someone who genuinely cared. She had tried this afternoon to show how much she cared, and this feeling was reflected back to her in the positive responses of her fellow staff, as well the clients. This had left her with a deep-seated feeling of warmth and satisfaction. 
At quiet moments Nathan’s face and slim, muscular body entered her mind. She would briefly dwell on these memories. And she would fantasize about seeing him again. She also thought of her husband. Sarah could not erase the guilt that surrounded these memories. She drove past Andrew’s office building on her way through downtown toward the bridge. He was completely unaware of what had transpired over the past few days. He still believed that his wife was faithful and happy in their marriage. Sarah had begun to justify her actions, as we all do so well. She knew for a fact that her relationship with Nathan was temporary. Divorcing Andrew to be with Nathan was not even something she considered. Being with Nathan was just a short time thing. It had to be. It would be over soon enough. Then she would return to her old life with no more sneaking around. 
She finally pulled into her driveway and noticed that Andrew was not home yet. This wasn’t surprising. Long ago, he had stopped calling to say he wouldn’t be home for dinner. He would grab a snack to hold him over until he returned later in the evening to heat up his dinner in the microwave oven. Sarah missed those early days in their marriage when they would eat together, sharing the highlights and complaints of their day. Sarah realized that she had come to accept this new arrangement of missed meals and lack of communication. 
Their lovemaking had taken a similar path. They were intimate with each other only occasionally on weekends when Andrew was not too tired. As a younger woman she had believed that men had insatiable sexual appetites. She thought they all wanted sex all the time. Now it seemed that it was she who had unfulfilled desires. Well, not today. She smiled as she undressed and prepared for a shower. She took a long look at her body in the bathroom mirror. Her stomach was still fairly flat and her breasts were relatively unchanged. She recalled Nathan’s look of lust earlier today. He had desired her, and that felt wonderful.
After showering and changing into her comfy pants and a favourite t-shirt, Sarah made a simple meal of steamed broccoli and broiled chicken thighs. She ate with a strong appetite. It had been a busy and exhausting day. As usual, she made a plate for Andrew and covered it with plastic wrap before placing it in the fridge for his return. Occasionally, she fell asleep even before he returned. On those nights they never even saw each other. He would wake-up early and leave the next morning, not wanting to disturb her. She wished he would disturb her; just some kind of connection was what she wanted. 
Sarah spent the next few hours switching channels on the living room TV. Nothing grabbed her attention. Her cell phone was on the coffee table near her feet the whole time. She was hoping that Nathan would call. After 10 p.m. it became clear to her that Andrew was working very late, and that Nathan was not going to call. She felt empty and lonely. She brushed her teeth and climbed into her side of the bed, sighing slightly. She fell asleep almost immediately. 
Her next memory was an odd one, and she wondered if it was a dream. She heard Andrew’s voice downstairs, laughing and then speaking so softly she couldn’t make out the words. Who was he talking to? She glanced at the bedside table and noticed the time was slightly after midnight. Things went quiet and she waited for him to enter the bedroom. During her wait she fell asleep. It was only in the morning that she remembered the event again. Was it a dream, her husband talking with someone on the phone, or was he muttering to himself after a few drinks with work friends? The next morning he was gone by the time she rose. His clothing was thrown into the corner of the room from the night before. She knew that Rosemarie would pick up his stuff, but she felt that she didn’t want to give her housekeeper the impression that they lived like slobs and took her help for granted. So, Sarah scooped up Andrew’s shirt and trousers, along with his underwear and socks, to put them into the laundry hamper on the way to their en-suite bathroom. As the clothing tumbled into the hamper Sarah caught a scent; an unfamiliar scent…a whiff of womens’ perfume. Sarah knew that some of the lawyers at Andrew’s office were women and she had never felt threatened by that. But now she felt an instant sense of anger and protection. She reached into the hamper, took her husband’s shirt, and pressed it to her face. She inhaled deeply and was surprised at the strength of the perfume smell. This was not the first time that she had placed her husband’s clothing into the laundry hamper, but it was the first time she had noticed a smell like this. What did it mean? Was Andrew fooling around on her? Was it this mysterious woman that Andrew had been laughing with on the phone last night as she slept? Should she confront him? Sarah realized the hypocrisy of her confronting her husband on the subject of infidelity. 
Ironically, her first impulse was to get in contact with Nathan. For some strange reason, she felt that he would sympathize, understand, and just listen to her. After her morning shower and her routine of creams and modest make-up, Sarah called Nathan directly on his cell phone. He picked up after a frustrating five rings.
“Hello”
“Nathan, it’s Sarah. How are you?”
“I’m good…sorry I didn’t pick-up right away. I was just toweling off after my shower.”
“Are you just in a towel now, standing in your living room? That’s a nice image.”
“Actually, you’ve nailed it. Although, the curtains are open and I’m feeling a little exposed at the moment.”
Sarah laughed and Nathan echoed her. After a moment, Sarah came straight to the point. “Nathan, I really miss you and I want to see you again.”
“I feel the same, Sarah. Can you come over this morning? I can skip my workout at the gym for another kind of exercise.” 
“I have no idea what you are talking about, young man. But I will be over as soon as I can and then we can discuss it.”
Nathan could hear the smile in her voice.
“Sounds great! I’ll see you later then.”
“OK. Bye.”
“Bye”
Nathan pressed the red button on his phone and ended the call. He had intentionally not allowed himself to call Sarah last night, although he had a strong desire to. He wanted to play it cool a bit; not scare her off with too much eagerness. He was very pleased that he would see her again this morning. Yesterday was amazing and he hoped for more of the same today. Besides the sex, Sarah was also an intelligent, interesting woman who had a sharp wit that kept him on his toes. That combination of physical and mental stimulation resulted in fascinating and hooking Nathan. He briefly thought of Ski’s warning and of his own hesitations, but then quickly convinced himself that this type of woman was rare and not to be discarded so flippantly. 

CHAPTER 5

Sarah again dressed with Nathan in mind. What would he like? She wanted an outfit that was a bit more revealing this time, without looking too sexy. She still feared running into some of her friends in Nathan’s neighborhood. She decided on a pair of jeans from her college days that still fit nicely, along with a thin sweater that clung to her body in a flattering way. Confident that she looked attractive without drawing too much attention, Sarah Hawthorne set off for her second journey to the house of the man who had captured something in her mind and heart that felt strange and wonderful. 
Her purpose for going back was a combination of desire to see Nathan again, as well as to talk to someone about what had happened regarding her husband’s late night conversations and the smell of perfume on his clothing. Maybe Nathan was not the best person to discuss these things with, but Sarah felt that he would at least listen to her, and possibly give her some guidance or direction. She practiced what she would say to Nathan as she drove toward his home. However, in the back of her mind, she longed to be held tight by him again, to touch his skin, and to lose herself in that exhilarating ecstasy like before.
Sarah once again parked in the alleyway behind Nathan’s apartment building. She remembered her run-in with the homeless man from yesterday, but decided that he must be transient. For a brief moment she envied his freedom of movement and lack of responsibilities and life complications. But she quickly realized that he had his own set of problems. She knew from her work at the re-hab centre downtown that homeless people suffer in a deeper way both physically, mentally, and emotionally than many of us can even begin to understand. 
She took the small elevator up to Nathan’s floor, walked the short length of hallway to his door, and firmly knocked. Although she still felt hesitant, her emotions were much more comfortable than at the same time the day before. What was happening to her? She wondered if she was becoming accustomed to this clandestine relationship. She worried that this level of comfort would result in a less vigilant approach, and eventually a slip-up that would cause her world to come crashing down. She hoped not. 
She was staring at the peep hole during her reflections. She then saw the light blocked and realized that Nathan had viewed her before she heard the three locks being unlatched. The door opened and her heart jumped,her breath came in short bursts for a few seconds, and she felt her palms get moist. Nathan stood very casually in bare feet, gym shorts, and a tight t-shirt. He didn’t say Hello or greet her in any traditional way. He simply reached toward her, took her wrist gently, and pulled her inside. He closed the door immediately and pinned Sarah to the wall, all the while smiling and not uttering a sound. His smile was contagious. Sarah played his game willingly;not speaking, and letting her body be manipulated. 
Nathan took hold of her other wrist and raised both her arms above her head, her body still pressed firmly against the wall of his front hall. He moved close to Sarah so that she could not move. Sarah smelled his fresh soap smell, mixed with a musty scent. Nathan bent slightly and kissed her on the neck, just below her right ear. Sarah moaned with pleasure while involuntary exposing more of her neck to him. As he lightly kissed and licked her neck, Nathan brought Sarah’s arms down, finally letting go when her arms returned to her sides. He pulled away from her neck and stared intently into her eyes. She responded by kissing him fully on the lips, slipping her tongue into his mouth. Nathan moved slightly closer to Sarah and pressed his growing erection into her lower belly. 
Their second bout of lovemaking resembled the first in that they were both hungry for each other. However, this time things went a little slower and more gently. Sarah and Nathan felt a bit more comfortable and confident with each other’s bodies. They smiled often. They looked for long periods into the other’s eyes. They giggled occasionally. 
Afterwards, Sarah lay on her side; softly rubbing Nathan’s back as she listened to the hum of Vancouver’s West End’s endless traffic. Although smack in the middle of one of the biggest cities in North America, she felt isolated and very alone with Nathan. They were cut off from all of it. They had a temporary cocoon that she was feeling very comfortable within.
“Nathan?”
“Mmmm?”
“I think my husband is having an affair.”
Sarah watched Nathan carefully for his reaction, but he seemed to have not heard her. He lay completely motionless for what seemed like minutes to Sarah. Eventually, he turned over and faced her, his ruffled hair resting on the bright white of his pillow.
“Well, that would be an interesting development.”
“I’m serious. I smelt perfume on his shirt, and heard him have some kind of conversation late at night on his cell phone.”
“I’m a little unsure how I should react to this, Sarah. What do you want me to say?”
“I don’t really want you to say anything. Just listen. That’s all. I’m not sure what to do or say either. I guess I’m still in shock, trying to digest it. Of course, I’m only speculating. I have no real proof. “
Both were silent for several more minutes before Nathan slid off the bed to head for the shower. Sarah watched his firm legs and buttocks ripple with each step. “God, this man is sexy”, she thought. She turned her head and stared through the sheer curtains at the cloudless spring sky. During her reverie, Sarah had a flash of inspiration. Maybe Nathan could help her find out for sure if Andrew was truly being unfaithful. He had knowledge of locks and electronics, as well as the experience of investigating peoples’ lives without them being aware. These were exactly the right type of skills she needed right now.
Sarah decided to try to approach the idea of Nathan helping her in a tactful manner. She didn’t want to scare him off or try to force his hand. She wanted him to help her because he cared for her. But, how could she manage that? He really had no connection to her marriage, or her life outside their burgeoning secret relationship. Why in the world would he want to get involved?
Nathan returned to the bedroom after his shower wearing only a towel. Sarah smiled openly at him and had the recurring thought of how a man could look so desirable in only a towel. Men can sometimes spend thousands of dollars on a suit, whereas they could look wonderful in a twenty dollar towel.
Sarah had still not formulated her plan on how to broach the subject of asking Nathan to help her yet. Instead, she sidled up to him, put her warm hand on his flat stomach, kissed him softly on the cheek, and turned toward the bedroom door without her broad grin leaving her face.
While under the pulsating spray of the showerhead, Sarah realized that the first step in her plan could easily be done by herself. If she had not dreamt it, Andrew had spoken and laughed with someone on his cell phone late that night. Cell phones keep temporary records of recent calls made and received. All she had to do was get a hold of his cell phone and check what number was called, or received, at that time. After that, she could call the number herself using a public phone. But what was she going to say to the other person? Pretend she was someone else? Give a fake name? What if the person was someone she knew and that person recognized her voice? She would figure something out, surely. 
As she dried off she felt relieved that she didn’t have to involve Nathan at this stage. Their relationship was tentative enough without asking him to do something he felt uncomfortable with. She wrapped herself in one of his large soft towels before returning to get dressed in the bedroom. Nathan was not there but his scent lingered. 
“Babe, you want coffee?” Nathan called from the kitchen.
“Yes, please.” Sarah replied. 
“Babe? Are we moving on to pet names now? Fine with me.” thought Sarah. She finished dressing; wishing she had stuffed an extra pair of clean panties in her purse before leaving the house. She joined Nathan in the kitchen just as he was slowly pressing the plunger on his carafe. As he let the coffee permeate a bit more, he gave Sarah a long look from head to toe. Sarah felt slightly embarrassed and exposed, but the look of desire and satisfaction on his face also made her feel sexy.
“I love a woman who knows how to dress well.” he said flatly. He then reached out and gently stroked the sleeve of her sweater, relishing the smoothness of the fabric. His hand continued past her waist to slowly navigate the curve of her hip, all the while looking directly into Sarah’s eyes. 
He turned away and said, “I think the coffee is ready.” 
“He can play me like a familiar musical instrument.” thought Sarah.
They sat facing each other at Nathan’s small kitchen table, the steaming mugs in front of them. After a few sips, Nathan asked, “So, what are you going to do about your husband? What’s his name, anyway?”
“Andrew.”
“Oh, yeah. I think I remember it from the work order. Will you confront him?”
“I can’t. Not yet. Andrew once told me that during his law training, a professor, and an accomplished lawyer with an impressive record of court wins, said that a lawyer should never ask a question that he or she didn’t already know the answer to. It didn’t make sense to me at first until Andrew explained that when confronting a witness on the stand, asking them biting or pertinent questions; a lawyer should never be surprised, thus, setting themselves up for possible embarrassment or failure. Proper research must be done before the questions are publicly addressed. Well, I don’t plan on confronting Andrew until I have done my research and gathered the facts.”
Nathan thought quietly for a moment and started to realize that this woman was sharp and careful, as well as being blatantly hypocritical. Her own marital indiscretion was not slowing down her drive to reveal her husband’s possible unfaithfulness. He wisely kept these thoughts to himself. Nathan steered the conversation toward his recurring fantasy of returning to school one day and completing a degree, possibly in Electrical Engineering, or Information Technology. He confessed that the prospect seemed daunting and that it was much easier for him just to continue working at his safe and dependable job installing home alarms for his father’s company. 
Both chatted for another thirty minutes, or so, before Sarah glanced at her watch and said that she had to return home to prepare herself for an afternoon at her local primary school. As she put on her shoes, she briefly explained to Nathan her volunteer work with special needs kids. Finally, they embraced and kissed one more time. They said good-bye without making any definite plans about when they would meet again, but both knew that it wouldn’t be long.

Sarah’s afternoon at the school didn’t go as well as she would have liked. Working with Special Needs children demands one’s full attention, and the kids can sense if someone is distracted. She caught herself several times thinking over what she was going to do once she had a hold of Andrew’s cell phone. The first few steps were easy enough; wait for him to fall asleep,take the phone to a quiet, private place, and then find the number that was either called or received at the date and time she remembered hearing him speak before coming to bed. What to do after she had that information was what was bothering her. Her goal was to find out who it was that Andrew had been speaking with, and of course, to try to discover if he had developed an intimate relationship with that person. 
But what was she going to say if she called the number? The more she thought about it, the more she realized that the simplest plan would be best. Trying to disguise her voice seemed ridiculous. She would simply call the number, hope for an answer, and then ask for a person that she already knew did not exist; a missed-dialed call. “Sorry, wrong number.” Primarily, she wanted to hear if the voice was male or female. Beyond that fact, she wasn’t really sure. “Are you having an affair with my husband?” Sarah smiled to herself. 
It was then that she woke up from her daydream to realize that one of her students was staring at her with a puzzled expression. From that point on, Sarah made a concentrated effort to focus on her responsibilities immediately at hand. The next few hours passed quickly and she was back in her car, automatically negotiating the suburban streets that led to her home.
As Sarah drove home, her husband Andrew sat at his desk staring at an open folder that his secretary had just placed before him. He wasn’t reading; just looking blankly. He knew that the job inside that unopened folder was large and would require his close attention for the next two to three hours. But he was tired, and realized that he had felt tired for most of his working life. His job held some moments of joy and satisfaction, but it was mostly a lot of paperwork. Endless paperwork, it seemed. He sighed deeply and closed his eyes. An image of his wife immediately came into his mind. He had felt for a long time that he and Sarah were slipping apart. They barely saw each other.
Andrew surprised himself by closing the folder in front of him, pushing back his chair, and standing up. He then walked out of his office, muttering a passing “good-night” to his secretary. He felt a strong urge for rest and comfort. He knew that he should stay longer at work, just as he had done so many times before. However, his body and heart were winning over his logical mind at that moment. He wanted to go home and relax with his wife. In the elevator, Andrew Hawthorne texted Sarah to say that he was on his way home. He smiled at his courage to leave the office at a decent time, and at the prospect of sharing an evening with his wife.
His text arrived on Sarah’s phone as she was pulling into their driveway. She first parked the car and shut off the engine. She was hoping that Nathan had contacted her, but it was her husband saying that he was on his way home. Sarah was shocked. Was there something wrong? Andrew had not come home this early for years. Part of her was pleased with the idea of her husband choosing to spend time at home. Of course, another part of her felt guilty about her affair with Nathan and her musings over whether Andrew was being unfaithful.  Maybe tonight was Andrew’s way of making up for his infidelity; an attempt to relieve his feelings of guilt. Sarah prepared to act happy about his decision to come home early, but to remain observant for any sign of remorse. She got out of the car, locked the doors, and strode quickly toward the house, hoping to get a chance to shower and change before Andrew arrived.
It was less than an hour later when Sarah and Andrew Hawthorne sat across from each other at their small pine-wood kitchen table. It looked to Sarah that Andrew could not stop smiling. Not the look of a guilty man, thought Sarah. She responded to his questions about her work and her friends. They were a happy, modern, busy couple catching up on each others’ lives. Sarah kept up pretences and hoped she appeared to Andrew to be her regular light, carefree self. However, inside she was torn. How could this man sitting in front of her, chatting easily, be sleeping with another woman? Was she mistaken and delusional? No. Remember the perfume-scented shirt and the late-night call, she reminded herself. Those were real pieces of evidence that could not be easily explained. 
The remaining part of their evening together was spent watching T.V. with the volume on low, occasionally slipping into conversation about nothing too serious. It was pleasant, but Sarah couldn’t help but imagine that Andrew would want to make love later that night. Could she go through with that? Nathan’s face floated in her mind’s eye, causing her to feel the growing guilt and desire that she always associated with him. In the end, Andrew simply gave her a quick kiss on the cheek while Sarah was sitting up in bed reading, before he fell asleep with a slight smile on his face.
Sarah realized that this was her chance to implement her plan of scanning Andrew’s phone for a number. She couldn’t concentrate on her reading, but knew that she needed to wait at least half an hour to make sure that Andrew was in a deep sleep. His cell phone was on his bed-side table, charging overnight, as it usually was. Every few minutes she would look toward the display on her own phone to check the time. When she felt enough time had passed, she quietly slipped the covers off her body, feeling the cooler air against her limbs. She rose and walked over to the other side of the bed. She knew that she about to do something wrong. At the very least, she was invading the privacy of her husband. But it was for a good reason, Sarah justified to herself. 
She unplugged the charger from Andrew’s phone and turned toward the bedroom door. She glanced back to make sure Andrew was still sleeping before she opened their door and went to the spare room. They only turned on the heat in the spare room when they expected guests, so the air had the unusual combination of staleness and chill. She tried to ignore this and sat on the edge of the double bed. Sarah easily found the call log of the date she was looking for. She isolated the time and looked at a number with no name attached; just a number. It was local, not long distance. So, someone in Vancouver. That made sense. But, what was she suppose to do now? She stared at the number on the digital screen as if it would give her the answer. She shivered once and then impulsively hit ‘call’. Sarah brought the phone to her ear and waited. She had never done anything like this before, and it felt like some kind of surreal dream.
“Hello?” a woman’s voice answered.
“Yes. Hello. Can I speak to Frank Spencer, please?” Where did that name come from, Sarah thought quickly? She was getting quite good at this lying thing.
“Sorry. But you must have misdialed. Can I ask who is calling?”
Sarah hung up. 
She had recognized the voice. But she couldn’t remember the name of the woman. It was one of Andrew’s lawyer colleagues. Well, much more than colleagues, she thought venomously. What’s-her-name was from Hungary. She remembered that much. They had spoken briefly at Andrew’s Christmas office party only a few cold months ago. Sarah had said she liked the woman’s accent, after over-hearing her conversation with someone else, and had asked her where she was from. ‘Ms. Hungary’ had said that she had immigrated as a teenager to Canada with her parents, never losing the Eastern European accent. That was it. Someone called Sarah’s name and she had had to leave her new ‘friend’. 
“Bitch! Andrew is my husband and you will not get away with your little game of seduction.” Sarah spoke quietly to herself. Her jaw tightened and she straightened her back. This was unacceptable. 

CHAPTER 6

Sarah had difficulty falling asleep after her covert telephone call to her husband’s fellow lawyer colleague. Her entire body was tense as she imagined them flirting at the office, a few drinks at a downtown bar, maybe an hour or two at some sleazy motel. She kept glancing over at Andrew, who was sleeping soundly through all her rage and possessiveness. After a while, she was surprised at the idea that her anger was mostly toward ‘Ms. Hungary’, as she now referred to her in her mind, and not toward her husband. Why, she asked herself? Andrew was a willing participant in all this. However, somehow she felt that he was the victim of seduction. Men are weak when an attractive woman presents her intentions to them. He could have resisted. He could have simply said ‘no’. Even knowing this, her vexation was reserved for the woman in this relationship. Possibly illogical, but that was the case nonetheless. 
As Sarah lay in her marriage bed fuming, the rational part of her brain started to penetrate her vengeful thoughts. Was she absolutely sure she had discovered something amiss? Couldn’t the relationship between her husband and his female colleague be simply a friendship like any other regular office relationship? It was possible. She could be overreacting to a few thin pieces of what she believed was evidence of a sexual relationship. She had to know one way or the other. Was Andrew cheating on her, or not? She did not want to jump to conclusions, confront her husband, or his possible lover, and then be proved wrong. That would be humiliating. She had to first confirm what she suspected. Her mind returned to Nathan, as it often did. But this time she was not thinking of her lover in connection to his body or face. She needed his help. He had the ability to enter peoples’ homes and find their ‘secrets’ as he called them. That’s what she wanted and needed right now. Sarah resolved that she would go to see Nathan again the next morning and ask him for his support and assistance. She fell asleep with the image of Nathan’s smiling face in her mind’s eye.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  
As Sarah dressed the next morning she thought of her friends that she had mostly ignored for the past few days. Her excuse of sickness would allow her maybe a few more days before phone calls and possibly knocks on the door would force her to return to her regular morning routine of some exercise at the gym and lunch with her girlfriends. For the time being, however, she felt free enough to continue the charade of being ill. Choosing her outfit today did not take her as much time and thought as on the other two days she had visited Nathan. This was mostly because her concern was not about appearing attractive to him, but rather how to get him to do the things she wanted him to do, mainly breaking into ‘Ms. Hungary’s’ house and trying to find convincing evidence of a relationship with her husband beyond the office. Sarah called Nathan after she finished a quick coffee and a light breakfast of muesli and yogurt. 
Nathan answered after the first ring, as if he was waiting for her call.
“Darling, I want to see you again today.”
“Certainly, Ms. Hawthorne. What time would be convenient for you?” Nathan responded with forced formality.
“Oh, please don’t call me that. It makes me feel so old. Listen, can we meet at a restaurant or coffee shop this morning?”
“Are you going to break-up with me; hoping that I won’t cause a scene in a public place?” Nathan continued to tease.
“No chance of that after our last little tryst. No, I just want to chat about something for a while, OK?” Sarah hoped that her tone matched Nathan’s playfulness. She didn’t want him to feel worried or under any kind of pressure even before they met.
“Yeah, sounds good. How about the café at The Four Seasons downtown? It overlooks the water.”
“Can we meet in about 45 minutes?”
“I can do that. See you then. Bye”
“Bye”
Nathan pressed the ‘end’ button of his cell phone but sat for a while longer, staring at the wall. “This was a strange development”, he thought. Why does she want to meet in a public place? He had gotten the clear impression that Sarah wanted to keep their relationship under wraps. Meeting downtown seemed risky. Oh, well, Nathan thought, let’s roll with this and see what happens. It’s been pretty exciting so far. 
Nathan chose his best jeans and a casual sky-blue, cotton button shirt. The spring weather was improving daily so he decided on not wearing a jacket. These top-end hotels somehow always maintained a constant comfortable temperature regardless of the time of the year. He would be fine. 
It was at times like this when Nathan wished he drove something a bit more stylish, other than a work van. He knew how to access the underground parking for The Four Seasons Hotel downtown, but he didn’t look forward to the look of disdain from the parking attendants when they would catch site of his van. He pushed these egocentric thoughts from his mind and concentrated on driving the few kilometers from his apartment building to downtown Vancouver. As he emerged from heavy traffic toward the hotel he got a few second’s view of the Coast Mountains that dominate the landscape above North Vancouver. He marveled at the beauty and proximity of these majestic white peaks.
The parking attendants had the look of contempt that Nathan had expected. Nathan tried to ignore it, but he couldn’t help being slightly ashamed. It was clear that he wasn’t one of the wealthy patrons that were usually seen parking their BMWs and Mercedes at this prime piece of real estate. He found a spot easily enough and took the elevator to the mezzanine level where the café was located. He inspected himself in the mirror of the elevator and decided that jeans were not the appropriate choice. Screw it, he thought. I am who I am. I’m not about to pretend to be someone else for anyone.
Nathan had suggested the café to Sarah because he had been there once before, but not as a paying customer. An ex-girlfriend had been a server at the café for a while and he had come to pick her up. He remembered being impressed at the décor and hushed atmosphere of the place. It seemed that not much had changed in the intervening few years. Everything about the place oozed decadence and wealth; from the plush carpets to the clearly expensive tapestries. The view was magnificent. Customers overlooked the delta of the Fraser River and across to North Vancouver, with the mountains he had seen earlier appearing clearly, cutting into the mostly blue sky.  Vancouver had the reputation of a city constantly dripping with rain. Often, in the winter, this was a true assessment. But this fine spring day reminded all its residents of the city’s scenic qualities.
Nathan scanned the people sitting and chatting at tables as he approached the maitre-de. He didn’t see Sarah. Apparently, she was running a bit late. He asked for a table for two and was directed to a table near the kitchen. Apparently it wasn’t only the parking attendants who could sense that he didn’t belong there. He accepted his fate quietly and waited for Sarah after ordering a bottle of Heineken. 
He had only taken a few sips and had begun to settle into his surroundings when Sarah appeared near the entrance to the café. Like Nathan, she first scanned the patrons for her partner, but somehow missed Nathan sitting alone near the kitchen, behind a group of boisterous men. This allowed Nathan an extended look at Sarah. Now, she was the type of woman who belonged in a place like this. The demeanor of the maître-de and the sidelong glances from both men and women indicated an admiration of her beauty and style. She wore a chic suit with fabric that seemed to flow easily and naturally. Her hair was loose and fluid. Nathan smiled at the thought that she was here to see him and was currently sleeping with him. His ego swelled to an offensive level for that moment.
She finally spotted him and began the long walk; gracefully weaving between tables, chairs, and stares. When Sarah finally reached Nathan’s table she stopped and took a deep breath. He smiled up at her and she slid into the seat next to Nathan. Under the table she placed her hand on his leg and said, “Sorry for a being a bit late. The traffic was horrendous because of that renovation work being done on the south side of the bridge. Do you forgive me?” 
“Of course.” Nathan gently squeezed her hand.
Sarah ordered a Caesar salad with a mineral water and Nathan wisely choose not to mention that he had had an ex-girlfriend who had worked there. Instead, he waited for his club sandwich and both of them made small talk about the improving weather. They ate in relative silence, plainly famished and enjoying their food. It was only when they had almost finished that Sarah began to discuss the real reason she had asked Nathan to meet her. 
“Nathan, I need your help.”
“At your service!”
“Seriously. It has to do with what we were talking about the other day regarding my husband fooling around on me. Remember I mentioned that I thought that I had heard him come home late one night and laugh with someone on his cell phone before coming to bed? Well, last night I took his cell phone to another room while he was sleeping and located the number that had called him. I called that number and recognized the voice of a woman that he works with… another lawyer. She is originally from Hungary. I remembered her accent from Andrew’s office Christmas Party a few months ago.”
Nathan stared at Sarah through-out her entire monologue with a neutral expression. She had started this conversation with a request for his help. He was trying to imagine how she thought he could help her in this situation. She was definitely determined about finding out if her husband had been, or continued to be, unfaithful to her. Again, the irony of her obsession regarding his fidelity, or lack thereof, was clear to Nathan but it apparently escaped Sarah. 
“What did you say to her?” Nathan asked honestly. What does one say to the woman you think is having sex with your husband?
“I pretended I was looking for someone. I just made up a name. I just wanted to hear if the person was a man or a woman. The accent took me by surprise, but I’m quite sure it’s the same woman I met at the party. I just can’t remember her name. We were introduced during the party but only spoke briefly.”
Nathan sat quietly, pondering the impact of all this. What was his role? What were his responsibilities here? The whole situation seemed very far away from him until Sarah spoke next.
“I need you to help me find out if they are really having an affair, or whether the whole thing is innocent and my imagination is over-active.”
“I don’t see how I would be able to help you, Sarah.”
Sarah leaned closer to Nathan and lowered her voice. “I want you to break into her home and try to find something that proves things one way or the other.”
“Break into her home? Are you kidding? I can’t do that.” Nathan’s voice had also come down several decibels.
“Why not? You said that you have broken into many peoples’ homes to look for their ‘secrets’. I need you to do this for me, Nathan.”
“What you’re suggesting is not what I do. Yes, we both know what I occasionally do late at night, but I choose the people. I choose the place. What you are posing is something I feel very uncomfortable with.” 
Nathan’s tone was firm and had an edge that Sarah had never heard before. She realized that she had approached this idea too directly and without enough tact. She decided to try a different strategy.
“Please, darling. This is very important to me. I realize that I’ve shocked you but try to see it from my perspective. I have no one else I can turn to for help. I would be so grateful if you could do this for me, Nathan.”
Sarah produced the most charming smile she could muster. Nathan continued looking directly at her with a blank expression, slowly and subtly shaking his head.
“I’m sorry, Sarah. I don’t want to get involved. This is all too much for me.”
Sarah appeared dejected while she studied her empty plate.
“It’s OK. I understand. It is a lot to ask.” she said quietly.
Sarah quickly called for the bill, paid in cash, and silently walked out of the café; leaving Nathan sitting alone again, with his head spinning. Nathan wondered if he had just sabotaged the most stimulating relationship he’d ever had.

Two full days passed with exactly six unreturned, or unanswered, phone calls from Nathan to Sarah. With each rejection, Nathan understood that Sarah was punishing him for his lack of cooperation. He also soon gathered that to see Sarah again he had to agree to do what she had asked. Was he willing to do something that felt so wrong? His voyeurism had always been a completely solo activity. It had never before involved anyone else in any capacity. Sarah was asking him to enter a particular person’s home and look for evidence of that person’s relationship with his lover’s husband. It all seemed so strange and foreign to him. But, but…Sarah! Her smile, her hair, her style, her body…he wanted her badly.
Was her request that extraordinary? It was true that he could probably do what she asked quickly and quietly. Like all the other times and places, the owner would likely not even know he had been there. It would be a victimless crime that would bring Sarah back into his arms. Nathan sat in his living room and stared at the wall while he thought. Maybe he should ask a few questions about Sarah’s plan and then decide. He would leave one more message on her voice mail. He picked up his cordless phone from the coffee table and rang the now familiar number. After about five rings, her recorded greeting came on. He spoke immediately after hearing the long tone.
“Sarah. I would like to ask you a few questions about what we discussed a few days ago. Can you call me back, please? I miss you.” He ended the call and took a deep breath. An inner voice warned him that he might have just made a terrible mistake. However, another part of him was thrilled at the prospect of seeing Sarah again. She called him back within a few minutes. 
“Oh, Nathan! Thank-you so much. I really appreciate it!” Sarah exclaimed without any preamble. 
Nathan smiled as he held the phone to his ear. “Now, just hold on a minute, there, Ms. Hawthorne. I only said that I wanted to ask you some questions. There are no guarantees yet, my dear.” 
“OK, mister non-commitment. I will answer your questions. Can I come over right now? I have missed you too.”
“Absolutely. I’ll clean up a bit. See you soon.”
Nathan felt more light-hearted then he had in several days. It struck him that Sarah Hawthorne had become quite important to him. He reminded himself that she was married and that their relationship was not long term. At that moment, though, he wished it was. The uncertainty of where it would go also held a fascination for him. The thrill of the unknown.
Sarah felt a calm come over her as she sat with her phone in her hand. Nathan had waited long enough to realize that she really needed him to do what she asked. He said that he just wanted to ask questions, but she was confident that she could ease his worries and get him to agree to her plan. After some more reflection, Sarah became conscious of the fact that she had lost a small amount of respect for Nathan just now. He had caved under pressure only after a few days. Her growing power over him became apparent. However, she needed him now and she would continue as if nothing had changed, although she knew that some kind of line had been crossed.
Within thirty minutes, Sarah was again walking the dimly lit hallway that led to Nathans’ West-end apartment. As always, her heart fluttered a bit, but she remained collected on the outside. She was determined to get a firm agreement from Nathan regarding breaking into ‘Ms. Hungary’s’ house before she succumbed to any of his physical seduction. Business before pleasure. Stay focused, she reminded herself as she lifted her fist to knock on his door. She never had the chance to make contact with the wood. Nathan had been watching through his peep-hole and opened the door, surprising Sarah.
“Hello, beautiful.” Nathan said evenly, with a devious grin on his face.
“Hi” was all Sarah could mutter before Nathan reached out to place his hand on the small of her back, guiding her into his home. He closed the door softly and deliberately behind them before wrapping his arms around Sarah’s waist from behind and drawing himself close to her. She tensed slightly, not wanting to disappoint or anger him. She lifted his arms slightly and said, “Hang on a minute. Let the lady freshen-up a bit first.” She twisted her head around and smiled at him. Nathan let go and Sarah walked the few steps to the bathroom, knowing that Nathan’s eyes were examining her.
Once inside the bathroom, Sarah exhaled and studied her image in the mirror. In her smallest voice she spoke to herself. “Play this carefully, girl. Get what you want first before giving him what he wants.” She flushed the toilet and ran some water in the sink to sound genuine. She emerged from the bathroom to find that Nathan had disappeared somewhere. 
Sarah soon heard the sound of a coffee can being opened and the clink of cutlery. She made her way into the living room and began to inspect Nathan’s artwork on his wall. She didn’t notice it at first, but Nathan had purchased something new since her last visit. It was a small abstract piece with a striking, bright red dominant slash of paint over a background of darker colours. The overall impression of the piece was a feeling of aggression and frustration. 
“Coffee is ready!” Nathan’s voice broke the spell on Sarah that the painting had created.
“Oh, thank-you…just what I need. Can we sit on the soft seats here in the living room?”
Nathan entered the room with two steaming mugs and placed them on the centre table. He sat down on the couch and Sarah chose the other side of couch, tucking her legs under her body. She held the mug of coffee close to herself. Her body language clearly indicated a protective image. 
“So, you wanted to ask some questions?”
“Yeah….first, can you explain how you plan to get into this lady’s home? In the past, I’ve always had a key made before I enter a home so that I avoid the sound of broken glass or scraping metal.”
“I’ve thought of that and I think I can help you there. You have a machine in the back of your van that can easily copy keys, right?”
“Right”
“Well, all I need to do is get a hold of her keys for a while, and then you can copy the keys that resemble a house key. I would then return the keys to where I found them and you would have easy access to her house.”
Nathan thought about her plan and nodded slowly.
“It all sounds quite tidy, but how are you going to get a set of keys from someone you hardly know or ever have any contact with?” 
Sarah saw that Nathan was now visualizing the first part of their plan, and she was also recognizing that this man paid close attention to detail.
“Andrew has an all-lawyer meeting every Monday morning. He often complains about the length of these meetings. They start at 9 a.m. and often continue to 11 or 12 o’clock. I will pop-in to see my loving husband shortly before the beginning of one of these meetings, conveniently forgetting about the time. When all the lawyers gather in the conference room I will then somehow grab ‘Ms. Hungary’s’ keys, bring them down to you and your van on the street, you copy any keys that look like they might be house keys, and then I come back to the office under some other pretense to return them.”
“This part of your plan will have to be carried out mostly on your own. I don’t want to be seen anywhere near your husband’s office.”
“Don’t worry, sweetheart. I can handle the office part of it all. You just have your machine warmed up and ready to go.” Sarah smiled at Nathan to boost his confidence in her suggested course of action.
“And then you want me to get into her home soon thereafter? By the way, where does she live?”
“When I open her purse to get the keys, I will copy down her address from her driver’s license.”
Nathan examined his empty coffee mug for some guidance but found none. Sarah’s plan sounded well-thought out. It wasn’t without a few potential problems, but mostly it seemed possible. Nathan knew that his agreement to go ahead with all this would result in having Sarah back in his life, and she would show her gratitude.
“I’ll be ready on Monday morning.” Nathan gave Sarah a steady gaze with a tight smile.
Sarah immediately put down her cup and stood. She placed her left knee on the couch next to Nathan’s right leg, swung her other leg over, and straddled him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Nathan breathed in her scent and marveled at the warmth of her body. 
They made love like a couple reunited. Both were generous in their affection and hungry for each other. 

It was only Sunday and Nathan remembered that he hadn’t seen his friend Ski for a while. His day was free, so Nathan decided to surprise Ski at his pet store in Burnaby. He was sure to find him there. He worked almost every day, not really seeing at as a burden because he loved his job so much… lucky man. Nathan drove slowly through the quiet, late, Sunday-morning streets east toward the small strip mall that contained “Live Long and Slobber”; a name that Ski was especially proud of. Nathan always imagined some dignified dog standing on his hind legs, wearing a Spock uniform, and giving that split-finger gesture. He couldn’t help but laugh to himself every time he heard that pet store name. 
Ski had his head stuck inside a large cage at the back of the store that unfortunately, but unavoidably, always smelt of wet dog. The store was empty except for a few teenage girls cooing over the kittens along the left wall. Nathan walked slowly up to his friend, gave him a tickle on his side, and Ski jumped. He bumped his head and dropped the plastic scoop of dog shit he had been holding.
“Jesus, man! You scared me. Don’t do that again.”
Nathan chuckled lightly and apologized unenthusiastically. 
“I would shake your hand, but, well, as you can see…” Ski had to return Nathan’s silly little smirk. They had been friends for too long to hold grudges for more than a few seconds.
“I don’t really feel like shaking your filthy paw, anyway. Shall we hug instead?”
“Fuck.” Ski shook his head.
“No, thanks. Just had one.” Nathan straightened his shoulders and stood tall.
“Alright. This conversation is deteriorating quickly. What brings you to my humble place of business, Mr. Holden?”
“Just here to say Hello. Have you had lunch? Let’s get some wonton soup at that Chinese restaurant next door.”
“Yeah, that sounds good. Let me just wash-up first.”
“Please.”
Ski walked to the back area of his store and Nathan heard him talk with his mum. She would be able to handle everything during a quiet morning like this. He promised he wouldn’t be gone long. Ski’s mum came out from the back once she heard that Nathan was waiting.
“Hi, Nathan. How are you?”
“I’m fine, Mrs. Kowalski. How are you?”
“Oh, I can’t complain. Even if I did, who would listen? You’re looking healthy Nathan. You must have a new woman in your life.”
God, it’s uncanny how some women are so intuitive, Nathan thought.
“As a matter of fact I do, Mrs. Kowalski. Early stages, so I don’t want to jinx it.”
“I’m glad to hear it. Maybe she has a sister for my lonely son here?”
“Well, this lady is classy and has all her teeth…so, not really Ski’s type.”
“Hey!” Ski protested while putting on a light wind breaker.
“You boys are awful. Enjoy your lunch.” Mrs. Kowalski walked toward the girls inspecting the kittens.
Nathan and Ski walked outside and only two doors down to the “Double Happiness Restaurant”. Their favourite booth was free and Mr. Wong was happy to see them again. Once they had settled in, ordered, and sipped their free hot tea, Ski was the first to speak.
“So, what’s new, buddy? Still hot and heavy over that North Van socialite?”
“Still.” Nathan locked eyes with his friend, making Ski feel slightly uncomfortable.
“What is it? Has something happened? I warned you about that woman!” Ski whispered.
“Nothing has happened yet but it will tomorrow.” Nathan proceeded to tell Ski all about his burgeoning relationship, the strange request from Sarah, and his reluctant agreement to help her.
Ski listened silently, without interrupting. When Nathan had finished Ski closed his eyes for a few seconds then opened them with a look of fear and intensity that Nathan had rarely ever seen before.
“You are fucked, man! Are you so blind not to see that she is manipulating you?” Ski had a hard time controlling his emotions. 
“Don’t worry so much. What she’s asking me to do is not that bad. It’s not like I’ve never done this sort of thing before. We both know that.” Nathan was trying to calm his friend and assure him that he was safe. He wondered for a moment whether he was trying to just convince Ski, or maybe himself as well.
The soup arrived, along with some spicy noodles. They both remained completely silent and stationary. Nathan looked at his oldest and closest friend. Ski was focused on some point of space above Nathan’s head. He hadn’t even glanced at the food. Finally, he brought his eyes down, level with Nathan’s.
“You know, I have been listening to your late-night adventures for years now and I haven’t said anything beyond ‘wow’ and ‘no kidding’? Am I right? I have never judged you or asked you to stop, correct?”
Nathan nodded.
“Well, those days are over, my friend. I cannot just sit here and be amazed at your little adventures because this time you are going to go too far. This woman has a tremendous power over you. She knows what you do, how you do it, and can use that information to hurt you. Can’t you see that?”
“She hasn’t threatened me in that way to any degree, Ski. She’s alright. She’s just a bit obsessed right now with this husband situation, and she needs my help.”
“She’s got you wrapped around her little finger, my friend. You can easily see how she used her sexuality as a tool to get you to do what she wanted, right? This could be just the beginning. What else is she capable of? Have you thought of that?” The muscles on Ski’s neck were bulging and taut.
“I really think you are taking this all too seriously. It’s a bit dangerous, yes. But everything is under control. Let’s just eat our lunch and talk about something else. Please?” 
Ski remained mostly uncommunicative during their meal. Nathan attempted to lighten things up but was largely unsuccessful. They finished their food, split the bill as per habit, and Ski walked back into the store without saying good-bye to Nathan.

CHAPTER 7

Nathan felt downcast after his lunch with Ski. He had never seen Ski act and speak in that way since his abusive, alcoholic father was alive and used to beat on his mother. Nathan had tried his best to reassure his friend that Sarah was essentially harmless. She just needed some help with a small problem that he could deal with easily. Why couldn’t Ski see this? Nathan understood that Sarah did have a power over him; both sexually, and in a more pragmatic way in connection with his voyeurism. But what choice did he really have? What Ski didn’t see was that to refuse or anger Sarah would probably just make matters worse. It was best to just go along. Everything had been fine so far.
Nathan spent the rest of his free Sunday in a morose mood, either pacing his apartment, or walking along the beach near his home. He couldn’t help but think of Sarah and their plans for the next day. Upon returning from one of his walks outside, Nathan’s home phone had a message. It was Sarah.
“Darling, can you please park your van near the corner of Howe Street and West Georgia around 9 a.m. tomorrow morning? Call me back when you get in, OK?”
Nathan didn’t immediately call Sarah back. He sat for close to half an hour on his couch, simply looking at his new art piece that he had bought after he had thought he had destroyed his relationship with Sarah with his refusal to help her. It wasn’t too late to change his mind, was it? He knew that a decision like that would drive Sarah away forever. He could recover from that kind of loss, like he had with other women in his life. However, with every other intimate relationship he had been involved in, it was him who had initiated the break-up. That was it. He had always been in control in his personal life. But right now he felt like he was being controlled. This was a new and disagreeable feeling. Regardless, a constant thread running through all his thoughts was his desire to keep Sarah. He picked up his phone and dialed.
“Hi there, my partner in crime!” Sarah began after recognizing Nathan’s home phone number on her call display.
Nathan tried his best to sound chipper and to conform to Sarah’s obvious positive attitude. “Hey, we’re just like Bonny and Clyde!”
“Yeah, but all we’re after is an address and a set of keys we plan to return…really not that glamorous.” Sarah snickered. 
Nathan couldn’t help but smile at her point about their lackluster little adventure. Of course, this was just the first stage. Next, he would need to enter a woman’s home that he had never met and investigate an allegation that had held no interest or connection to him. Nathan chose not to mention these facts, considering Sarah’s frame of mind at that moment. Instead, he gathered some more fake enthusiasm and stated, “I’ll be ready when you are. I’ll try to find parking at the corner you mentioned but I can’t guarantee anything at that time on a Monday morning. I was thinking that it might be better if you walk around the block. I can find you easily enough; you pass the keys to me, I find an alley to park in for a few minutes, copy the keys, and then I’ll drive around the block to find and return the keys to you. I believe it all might work out easier that way. What do you think?”
“I think my boy-toy has a sharp mind with the ability to think ahead and plan.” Sarah was pleased with Nathan’s forethought and consideration. She had chosen her accomplice well.
“OK, my dear. I will be nearby when you come down to the street level. Just start walking in the same direction as the one way streets surrounding that block. I will stay close to the curb and I will catch-up with you soon enough. How are you feeling about all this? Nervous?”
“To be honest…yes, I am…but sort of excited too. I think you must be accustomed to this kind of feeling.” 
“Fear mixed with hesitation? Yeah, I know that feeling. So, what are your plans for the rest of the day or evening?”
“I’m afraid that Andrew is in the other room watching a football game right now. We plan to meet some friends for dinner later. Sorry.”
“I understand. I can’t realistically expect you to be available to me anytime I want. Enjoy your dinner. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
“Thanks, Nathan. See you later.”
After their phone call and confirmation of plans, Nathan felt slightly better. He could now better envision the scenario, and his part of it seemed fairly easy. He wondered how Sarah was going to manage to get a set of keys, copy an address, and return the keys without arousing any suspicion. “Good luck”, he thought.

The weather on Monday morning didn’t look too reassuring. The clear skies of the previous few days had been replaced by angry clouds that threatened heavy rain at any moment. There was a smell of electricity in the air. Nathan negotiated the early rush-hour traffic with caution and skill. Even a little fender-bender would put him off schedule and he didn’t want to disappoint Sarah. He finally came to the city block they had discussed and he began his navigation, keeping close to the curb as he had promised. Glancing at his dashboard clock, he noticed that it was 8:45 a.m., fifteen minutes until the lawyer meeting would begin, up on some floor in the sky. He concentrated on his driving while keeping an eye out for Sarah.
Five minutes before Nathan’s arrival at the city block, Sarah had walked into Andrew’s office unannounced. Her presence had produced a look of surprise on the receptionist’s face.
“Well, Ms. Hawthorne. What a nice surprise! Nobody told me that you were visiting us today.”
“Oh, just popping in to say Hello to Andrew. I had some time to kill and I thought I might surprise him with some his favourite pastries.” Sarah produced a small cardboard box from the bakery across the street. 
“The lawyers are just preparing for their weekly meeting. Let me take you back.”
Sarah followed the receptionist to her husband’s office. As she walked, she said Good Morning to some people that she recognized. She also noticed that there were a few new faces floating around too. Sarah was mostly trying to find ‘Ms. Hungary’.
“Mr. Hawthorne, your wife is here.” Andrew was standing behind his desk, jotting something on to a long, yellow, legal pad. He looked up quickly and smiled with his eyes arched.
“Sarah! What are you doing here? I wasn’t expecting you but it’s sure nice to see you. Your timing is awful, though. All of us need to attend this damned meeting in ten minutes. I’m sorry that I can’t spend more time with you. Is everything alright?”
“It’s fine. I was just in the neighborhood and had some time to waste before I met with Joanne at the gym. Here, I brought you some of those danishes that you like.” Sarah again produced the box as a token of peace. She smiled sweetly while Andrew took the box, opened the lid, and bit into the top danish. He closed his eyes in delight while mumbling a thank-you. A bit of raspberry filling appeared at the corner of his mouth.
“Andrew, you have danish filling on your face. Do you have a tissue, or something?” 
“Oh, really?! I can’t go into the meeting like this.” He immediately looked around the office for some kind of tissue or napkin, but could find none.
Sarah saw this as her opportunity to leave Andrew’s office under the pretense of searching for something to clean his face. “I’ll get you something. Just give me a minute.”
“Thanks, Hon.”
The office area was square-shaped with lawyers’ offices on the outside and personal assistants and researchers grouped in the middle. Sarah scanned the entire space and was thrilled to see her target standing next to one of the underlings. Sarah recognized ‘Ms. Hungary’s’ short, sandy-blonde hair and wide-set eyes. Without taking her eyes off her prize, Sarah weaved her way through several desks until she was standing in front of the woman whom she believed was sleeping with her husband.
“Oh, Hello! Do you remember me? I’m Sarah Hawthorne, Andrew’s wife. We met at last year’s office Christmas party.”
The other woman looked at Sarah for a moment before an expression of recognition registered on her face.
“Of course! Sarah. How are you? I didn’t expect to see you here today. Are you looking for Andrew? His office is over there.” She pointed across the wide expanse of the office space. Her accent matched Sarah’s memory of the quick phone call a few nights ago.
“I know. I’ve just come from his office but he’s sent me on an errand to find some tissue because my messy husband has raspberry filling all over his face and no way to clean himself. He said that you always have a nice supply. So, I’m here to steal some of your stash. Do you mind?”
“No, not at all. Help yourself. There’s a fresh box on the windowsill behind my desk. Just help yourself to whatever you need. I’m sorry I can’t help you right at this moment but I have to edit this email from my assistant before I rush off to the meeting. The boss hates when any of us are late.”
“Great. I’ll just be a second. Listen. I’m so sorry but I’ve forgotten your name. Please forgive me.”
“It’s Niki…Niki Trakberger.”
“Right. Niki. I’m terrible at remembering names. I’ll just slip into your office for a moment, Niki.”
Sarah turned and confidently strode into the office before Ms. Trakberger could change her mind. Inside, Sarah was impressed by the solid, oak furniture and the minimalist decoration. It was tasteful and unassuming. She went behind the desk to locate the tissue but turned to see if she was visible from the outside. Fortunately, Darling Niki, or her assistant, had not had the time this morning to open the blinds yet. Sarah was blocked from view. 
Her heart beat faster as the reality of what she about to do hit her suddenly. “A woman would usually keep her keys in her purse.” thought Sarah. But there was no purse in sight. Sarah glanced once more toward the open door before she bent down and started opening random drawers of the massive desk. The large left-hand drawer at the bottom proved to be the one she was looking for. An over-sized, black, leather purse gaped up at her. Sarah reached in and found a compartment that contained a set of keys. She pocketed the keys while looking toward the open office door again. 
She began to straighten up and realized that she had almost forgotten about the address. Keys are no use if you don’t know where they go. She bent down again and found a wallet inside the purse. Upon opening it, Sarah saw Niki’s license inside a clear, plastic sleeve. She slipped it out and put it in her pocket with the keys.
Sarah was about to stride out of the office when she remembered her promise to get some tissue. She swung around and grabbed a fistful before heading toward the door. She expected to find Niki still with her assistant, editing the email. But Niki was gone. Sarah glanced across the room and saw her standing with three men; among them was her husband. Sarah felt that sense of possessiveness rise within her again, but she composed herself and walked toward the group.
“Hi, everyone. I come bearing gifts.” She revealed the tissue in her hand and presented it to her husband Andrew.
“Oh, thanks, Darling. But I found some before you. Your big boy is all clean now.” Andrew gave his wife a big grin to prove his cleanliness.
“I think all of you have met my wife Sarah before, right?” Andrew looked around the faces of his little group. 
Carl and Tim shook hands with Sarah and said Hello. Niki held back a bit and then said, “The tissue your wife is holding came from my office. We had a short talk a few minutes ago.”
Andrew looked at his watch with dismay. “Guys, we really have to go. Sarah, I‘m sorry about this meeting but stop by any other time, sweetheart.” He kissed her on the cheek and the four lawyers hustled toward the conference room at the back of the office area.
Sarah Hawthorne concealed her satisfaction at the success so far of her little plan. Everything had run smoothly enough. She had the keys and address in her pocket, Nathan should be cruising the streets below, and no one had suspected anything. She turned toward the reception area and elevator. Upon passing the receptionist, Sarah said, “Thanks for taking me back earlier. I forgot about the big meeting on Monday mornings. At least I was able to drop-off the pastries Andrew likes.” Sarah produced a convincing smile.
“Too bad you couldn’t have stayed longer, Ms. Hawthorne, but have a nice day.”
Sarah pressed the ‘down’ button next to the highly polished elevator doors.
“Thanks. Bye.”
After exiting the elevator on the ground floor, and out the front doors of the massive office building, Sarah took a deep breath and turned right and began walking in the same direction as the endless traffic. She wanted to appear casual so she resisted the temptation to turn around and look for Nathan’s van. As she rounded the corner and headed down Howe Street in the direction of the water, she saw Nathan’s van pass her and slow to a stop at the curb about five yards ahead. She kept her regular pace as she approached the van’s open passenger window. She dropped both keys and license on the seat, took a quick glance at Nathan’s eyes, and then continued walking with unsteady legs.
Nathan checked his side view mirror while signaling that he was pulling out, and then re-entered the flow of traffic. He drove carefully around the next corner and found the service alleyway he remembered from a job he did a few years ago. An agile parking job between two large garbage containers helped to conceal his van to a certain degree. It was the best he could do under the circumstances. He killed the engine before picking up the keys from the seat next to him, and then walked with a bent back to the rear part of his van. The old key-copying machine was electrically-powered and he hoped that the van’s battery would do the job and still be able to start the vehicle later. He made himself comfortable on a small stool and studied the keys. There were two keys that resembled the type usually used for front doors. He chose two blanks from his tray and began the copying procedure, conscience of the high-pitched grinding noise he was producing.
Within a few minutes he had the keys copied and the machine was off. He did his bent-over walk to the front of the van and then threw the original set of keys back on to the passenger seat. He saw that the license was still there. Obviously, Sarah did not have the time to copy the address on to a piece of paper. Nathan reached into his glove compartment, found an old receipt, and copied the address. 
With reluctance, Nathan turned the key in his own ignition. The van stuttered a bit, but soon came to life. He carefully drove out of his little hiding spot and returned to the surge of regular traffic. His heart-rate had increased and his stomach was unsettled, but he remained focused. He didn’t expect to see Sarah so soon. She must have circled the block at least once. Just like before, he parked in front of her and rolled down the passenger-side window. Her face soon appeared again, slightly flushed but still smiling. She reached in and took back the keys and license. Her only words were, “All done?” Nathan nodded.
Sarah kept walking in the same direction to avoid the appearance of tracking back. She was tense but she was also quite pleased with her plan so far. Nathan had done a quick job, and his idea of her moving continuously around the block worked well. Smart boy! She decided that he deserved a reward; perhaps a few hours tomorrow morning, but only after they had discussed the details of his planned visit to Niki Trakberger’s home. Sarah wondered what kind of home she lived in. An apartment? A quiet suburban house? Had Andrew been there? Had they made love at the address printed on the license she had in her pocket? Sarah’s teeth clenched while she couldn’t help but imagine her husband undressing and being touched by this woman. She wanted revenge. She wanted Niki to suffer. Be careful, she reminded herself. Step by step. Gather the evidence before confronting anyone.
After rounding the last corner, the awning of Andrew’s building came into view. Sarah tried to gather her courage and control once again before entering the front doors. This was where things could get dicey. She entered the main foyer and smiled at the security guard behind the counter to her left. He returned a tight-lipped smile and nod. Sarah had a recurring thought of what security guards actually did. They seemed to be a presence with no apparent purpose. They just appeared to stand or walk around trying to look important. She thought the boredom of that type of job would be unbearable. 
The bank of elevators waited silently for her. She pressed the UP button and the sliding doors next to her opened immediately. On the way up she was thankfully alone. Sarah felt the bulk of keys and stiff, plastic license in her pocket. She hoped that they didn’t make too much of a bulge in her slacks. Maybe a loose-fitting skirt would have been a better choice. Oh well, too late now.
The elevator doors opened to face the receptionist that Sarah had encountered less than twenty minutes ago. Sarah presented her most embarrassing expression and shook her head slightly.
“I feel so silly.” she said, leaning close, creating the sense of telling a secret. “Andrew asked me to take some printed bank statements to our accountant’s office this morning, but I forgot to grab them on my way out before. I just got distracted talking to some of the other lawyers. Do you mind if I quickly slip back into his office to take them now?”
“Of course, Ms. Hawthorne. I’m super busy right now taking messages for all the lawyers while they’re in their meeting. Can you find you own way?”
“No problem. Thanks. I’ll be right back.”
Sarah confidently strode in the direction of Andrew’s office on the right side of the large space. As previously, most of the interns and assistants were either busy with their focus on computer screens and keyboards, or in what seemed like deep conversations with each other. No one even noticed her as she walked quickly toward her husband’s office. Luckily, Andrew’s assistant was away from her desk at that moment. She was nowhere in sight. A bathroom break? Some gossip in the lunchroom, taking advantage of the fact that her immediate boss was away? Regardless, it gave Sarah the perfect chance to slip into Andrew’s office and grab a few loose pieces of paper from his recycling box. She was in and out of the office in a matter of seconds, but her real purpose of returning the keys and license to Niki’s purse had not yet been accomplished.
The activity and chatter of the central part of the office area continued as she emerged from her husband’s office. Still no one even glanced up. She felt invisible and almost like she was in some kind of lucid dream; invincible and able to make anything happen. She walked directly to Niki’s office on the other side of the space. She avoided eye contact and slipped past relatively unnoticed. She had heard once before that if you are ever somewhere you’re not supposed to be, just act like you own the place and nobody will question your presence. That was proving true so far. 
Unfortunately, Niki’s assistant was at her desk, her eyes fixated on her computer screen. Even given this state of concentration, the assistant was unavoidable. Sarah had to walk directly past her if she wanted to enter Niki’s office. The assistant would surely register her presence and question her return. The first time it was under the pretense of borrowing some tissue. What was it going to be now? Sarah casually placed the papers in her hand behind her back, out of sight.
“Hello, again. I’m so sorry to bother you. You look very busy, but I have a bit of an urgent situation.”
Niki Trakberger’s assistant looked up with that vacant stare people have when they are abruptly drawn away from something they has captured their full attention.
“Yes, can I help you?”
“Pardon me, but my husband is Andrew Hawthorne, a lawyer here at this firm with an office just over there.” Sarah pointed and the assistant glanced quickly.
“Yes….Mr. Hawthorne. He’s one of the senior lawyers. Do you know that all the lawyers are in a meeting right now, Ma’am?” 
“I know. All I really need is to find some papers that my husband said he left with his assistant. But she’s away from her desk. It’s important that I get them to our accountant this morning. Do you have any idea where I can find her?”
“Oh, my bet is that she’s probably in the lunchroom with a few of the other assistants. Just between you and me, we like Monday mornings so we can catch up on all the weekend developments, if you know what I’m saying.” 
Sarah offered a knowing look and said, “I understand. Office work can be quite dull at times without a bit of fun now and then.”
The assistant gave Sarah a look of relief and connection. She pushed herself up from her chair and said, “I wouldn’t mind taking a little break myself. Why don’t I find who you’re looking for and ask her to return to her desk so that you can get what you’re after?”
“Thank-you so much…sorry, what’s your name?”
“I’m Sydney. Just a moment, Ms. Hawthorne. I’ll find your husband’s assistant and encourage her to return to help you find the papers you’re looking for.”
Sarah watched Sydney’s back until she rounded a corner at the far left-side of the office. Sarah controlled her desire to run into Niki’s office. Instead, she slowly glanced around to see if anyone was watching her. Once she felt safe enough, Sarah slowly walked into Niki’s office, headed directly to the large desk and pulled open the bottom left drawer. The purse was still there, seemingly untouched. Sarah removed the keys from her slacks and placed them back into the side pocket and then took up the wallet with its empty plastic sleeve. Once the items were returned, she looked out the open door and noticed nothing out of the ordinary. She walked confidently out of the office and back in the direction of the receptionist.
“Got it!” she said, holding up the papers as she passed, heading for the elevators. The receptionist was in the midst of taking yet another message for one of the occupied lawyers. The receptionist glanced up briefly to give Sarah a panicked smile and wave. I bet she hates Monday mornings, thought Sarah. The elevators took her down to the street level and her car, which was waiting for her at one of the many parking towers that spotted downtown Vancouver. 
She was back home in time to say thank-you and good-bye to her housekeeper. She sat down on her couch, looked down and noticed that she was still clutching the two useless pieces of paper that Andrew had thrown in his recycling box. She broke out laughing, her whole body relaxing. 

CHAPTER 8

After Sarah had finished her laugh and calmed herself enough, she began to realize the huge risks she had taken during the morning’s activities. If she had been questioned or caught at any stage in the operation it would have meant a lot of thinking on her feet, lying, and most probably humiliation. However, she had seemed to have gotten away with everything so far. The chances of anyone mentioning her return to the office after the lawyers had begun their meeting were slim. Even if the receptionist or Niki’s assistant said something to Andrew, he would likely dismiss the importance of it.
It had all worked out very well. Her appearance in Andrew’s office was accepted, the keys and address were copied, and she had a man who could enter Niki Trakberger’s home to investigate any signs of a relationship with her husband. 
Her next step was convincing Nathan to do what she wanted him to do. She understood his reluctance to get involved. It was none of his business and he would also be putting himself at risk, just like every other time he entered peoples’ homes late at night. Maybe that was it, Sarah thought. I need Nathan to see this assignment as just another one of his voyeuristic adventures. This was what he enjoyed; looking into peoples’ lives, discovering their secrets.  Well, here you are, Nathan. Consider this a gift for you. Do your own poking around, but just keep your eyes open for the presence of any evidence of Niki’s connection to Andrew.
Confident in her approach in how to convince Nathan to take the next step, Sarah picked up her cordless phone and dialed his number.
Recognizing Sarah’s landline number from his call display, Nathan answered without any preamble.
“We are a couple of smooth operators!”
Sarah had to laugh before she responded.
“Yes, we are.”
“How did everything go with returning the keys and license? I was worried.”
“It was a bit scary to be honest. I had to do some quick thinking, but appear natural and relaxed at the same time…not easy. Although, I must admit that it was pretty exciting too.”
“Well done, my dear…well done.”
“I couldn’t have done it without your help, Nathan. I really appreciate it.” 
“How much do you appreciate it?” Nathan teased.
“A lot.”
“Words are cheap. I don’t believe you, so you need to prove it with your actions.”
Sarah could hear the twinkle in Nathan’s voice and couldn’t help but join him in his little game.
“Let me prove it to you tomorrow morning. I would love to come and see you again in your apartment.”
“Oh! Yes, please.”
“Alright, my hero. See you tomorrow.”
Once they had said their goodbyes, Nathan sat silently on his couch with a mixture of emotions running through him. Most predominantly was his desire for Sarah. She was so beautiful and provocative. However, the logical part of his conscience was telling him that he was getting deeper and deeper into something that he shouldn’t be part of.

The knock on his door from Sarah came earlier the next morning than Nathan had expected. He quickly dog-eared the page he was reading of his novel and walked toward the door. Through his peep hole he saw Sarah holding a paper bag with flowers spilling out the top. After letting her in he couldn’t help but stare at the paper bag, trying not to pry, but still curious. Sarah noticed the direction of his gaze and responded with an amused expression.
“This is all for you. I told you that you were my hero.”
“And what is it?” Nathan asked.
“Oh, a bit of this and a bit of that. Look inside and open your presents, little boy.”
Nathan took the bag from Sarah and placed it on his small kitchen table. The first item he pulled out was the bouquet of flowers. He gave Sarah a quizzical look.
“Never received flowers from a woman before?”
“As a matter of fact, no, I haven’t. But their beautiful. Thank-you.”
Next, Nathan reached inside and his hand came out holding a small bottle of massage oil.
“Ah, I look forward to enjoying this...or maybe both of us can?”
“Absolutely!” Sarah announced with enthusiasm.
Finally, Nathan dipped his hand in once more and brought out the last item. It was a small, hand-held digital video recorder; still plastic-wrapped inside its box. 
“Now, this comes as a bit of a surprise, my dear. What are your plans for this little toy?”
“It’s your toy. But I thought that we could enjoy it together. Use your imagination!”
Nathan couldn’t contain the tiny smirk on his face any longer. He broke into a huge grin that made Sarah laugh.
He left the three gifts on his table and offered Sarah some coffee or a snack. 
“Both, please...if I may be so bold.”
“I haven’t shopped for a while, so all can think of making for you is some crackers and cheese. Does that sound alright?”
Sarah agreed and made her way to the living room to intentionally sit in Nathan’s favourite chair again. She was feeling playful and confident.
Within a few minutes Nathan entered the room and placed a tray on the table containing two mugs, a small milk jug, sugar, and the plate of crackers with cheese on the side.
“Ah, a man of action who serves his lady. Chivalry is not dead. Thank-you so much. I didn’t have breakfast and I’m starving.”
Nathan prepared a few crackers for Sarah while she doctored her own coffee to suit her taste. They ate and drank in silence for a while until Sarah’s hunger had abated and she felt well enough to relax and converse.
“Nathan, I’ll not insult you by leading up to this, but you know what I am going to ask you to do next, right?”
“More crackers?” Nathan tried to keep a straight face for a moment but finally smiled at his own joke. Sarah did too.
“I need you to arrange to visit Niki’s house.”
“I know.”
“When do you think is the best time?”
“At night, as usual. But I also need to know if she will be alone. You suspect that she’s having an affair with your husband. However, does he come home every night? Or do you think that he spends nights at Niki’s house?”
“You don’t need to worry about Andrew. He is in our bed every night. Any playing around is done during the day or evening. By experience, I remember that you do your sneaking around quite late at night, right?”
“Yeah, three a.m. is my preferred time; the streets are basically deserted. So, I can be sure it will only be Niki at home?”
“I think so; unless she has other lovers I don’t know about. I guest there are always factors that are uncontrollable.”
“Not if I can help it, but, yes, you’re right. Stranger things have happened. A certain run-in with a nice lady from North Vancouver comes to mind.”
“Oh, yeah. That seems all so long ago now, doesn’t it? But it hasn’t been.”
“Yes, we’re still in our ‘honeymoon’ stage, you could say.”
Sarah laughed lightly, pondered for a few seconds and then said, “Hell of a honeymoon!”
Once their moment of lightheartedness had died down, Nathan took a deep breath and looked directly into Sarah’s eyes. “What you’re asking me to do is something that I’ve never done before. I’ve always chosen whom I visit. This is the first time I’ve allowed someone else to determine my fate, so to speak. I know that this is important to you, but I also need you to know that I feel very uncomfortable with the idea.”
Sarah had known this speech was coming, but she was prepared. “In the past, when you have gone on your other voyeuristic excursions, you’ve mostly enjoyed yourself, right?” Sarah asked evenly.
“Yeah, it’s been pretty good so far.”
“Well, try to think of this as just another one of those exciting nights. You will still get the thrill of entering a home undetected, silently searching for interesting things, and then leaving as quietly as you arrived…with the occupant never knowing what has happened. The difference this time will be that you will also be looking for evidence that Niki is having an affair with my husband. What you do beyond that is up to you.” 
Nathan stared at his feet while Sarah spoke. Her attempt at reassurance that what she was asking him to do was ‘just like any other night’ was not comforting in the slightest. He felt that he was losing his grip on the situation.
Sarah accurately read his feelings and sat close to him on the couch; their legs touching. “This is your thing, Nathan. You decide when you want to go. You decide what you want to search for, where, for how long…everything. It’s in your hands.”
But Nathan knew that Sarah’s words were empty. This was definitely not his thing. She was directing him while trying to give him the illusion that he was in control. 
“I’ll do what you want, Sarah. I know how much this means to you. Give me about a week to do some surveillance and feel confident about it all, and then I will give you my report once the deed is done.”
Sarah rewarded Nathan’s agreement by gently stroking the far side of his head while kissing his cheek. Nathan relaxed immediately at the feel of her hand and the closeness of her body. He put his arm around her shoulders and brought his face toward hers. They kissed deeply and passionately. It was Sarah who slowly pulled away after a while and quietly said, “Want to try out that massage oil?” Her grin revealed her desire and curiosity about a new sensual experience with Nathan.

Nathan decided to check-out Niki’s neighborhood before he went to work later that day. He found the small, 1970’s bungalow beside a community garden in Vancouver’s east side. The house was on a quiet street with other older, small homes; as well as newer, low-rise apartment blocks. There was little vehicle traffic and only one elderly woman passed in front of Niki’s house while Nathan sat in his van, shuffling in her comfortable shoes while her small, white dog tugged at the leash.
Nathan checked that the keys to the house were still in the glove compartment. He hoped that he had copied the correct ones and that the lock of the old house wasn’t going to make too much noise when he did finally come calling. Of course, he had no mental picture of the inside of the house. Where was the main bedroom? Was there on en-suite? Where would he begin looking for what Sarah was after? And exactly what was Sarah after? Photos? Emails? Hand-written letters? Clothing left behind? 
Nathan began again to feel that uneasiness he associated with unfamiliar situations. It was his instinct telling him to back away and not go ahead with this plan. In fact, it was his instinct that he routinely followed when choosing the homes and people that he wanted to visit. But this time someone else was pushing him in a direction that felt distinctly wrong. 
He glanced at his dashboard clock and realized that he had less than thirty minutes to report for work. Maybe a day applying his trade would give him the focus and purpose to distract him for a while. He started the engine, signaled, checked his mirror, and then pulled out to exit the neighborhood that he would soon return to at a very different time, and for a very different reason.

As Nathan was driving to his office to pick-up the day’s assignments from Sally, Sarah was just finishing rinsing her lunch dishes at home and began placing them in the dishwasher. Her mood had been sublime since her time with Nathan that morning. She had certainly enjoyed their massage session and subsequent sexual union, but it was the agreement from Nathan to go ahead with her plan of entering Niki’s house that provided her with the most satisfaction. He had resisted as she had anticipated, but some soft words and a few gifts helped to break down that reluctance. Sarah had always been surprised at how men were so easy to manipulate, and at how willing they were to please the woman in their life who was providing them with sex. In a sense, she felt a combination of sympathy and disgust. Men were weak at the prospect of losing the affection of a woman. Sarah knew that Nathan really didn’t want to go through with the plan, but he agreed nonetheless. And it was all quite easy to accomplish. Too easy. Sarah shook her head slightly. “How far can I take his?” she muttered quietly to herself.
She got herself organized for her few hours of volunteering with the special needs children at the local elementary school. The teachers of the classes she worked in were so grateful for her contribution of only a couple of hours, a few times a week. It felt nice to be appreciated and needed. 

Nathan tried his best to focus on his work that afternoon. However, he was mostly unsuccessful. His mind drifted between the job at hand and Sarah’s slim, oiled body responding to his touch; her quivering torso at the moment of orgasm, and her warm smile while they held each other afterwards. Underlying all this was the fact that he had agreed to do Sarah’s bidding. He felt a bit disappointed with himself. Why had he not stood his ground and refused? Maybe she would have had more respect for him. But he didn’t want to risk losing her, or risk angering her. She knew too much about him. Although she had never said the words, Nathan knew that she could go the police with her information. He couldn’t let that happen. 
Nathan decided after only a few hours that he would go to Niki’s house that same night. He didn’t want to postpone the inevitable. Let’s just get this thing over with. Maybe Sarah was right. It could be fun. Every little voyeuristic trip he made had given him a great thrill in the past. Tonight would be no different, really. Yes, he was not as prepared as he usually was. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t still make the exercise a pleasurable one.

Nathan spent a quiet evening at home; flipping channels on the T.V., eating small snacks to break-up the boredom, and mostly thinking about his plans for later that night. The image of the exterior of Niki’s house remained in his mind but he longed for an interior visual reference so that he could imagine himself moving through-out the house. It was useless. 
He eventually went to bed around 11 p.m. and tried to sleep. After about an hour of fears and fantasies running through his imagination, fatigue overcame him and he fell into a light sleep. His cell phone’s alarm woke him at 2 a.m. He was relieved that the moment was finally here. After washing up and dressing in his black trousers, turtle-neck shirt, and packing his bag, Nathan Holden set-out on his second late-night adventure of that month. He hoped that tonight would not be as eventful as the last time when all this business with Sarah had started.  
The walk through his building and down to the parking garage was uneventful and eerily quiet. Nathan kept trying to look casually around to make sure no one saw him. He was confident he had gone undetected as he sat in his van, waiting for the garage door to open to the street. At this point in the past, he had felt a mixture of nervousness and excitement. This time, however, the excitement was not present. He had made a promise to someone he cared about and wanted to please. That was not usually a good reason for doing any kind of action. His heart was not behind this.
The drive on the wet, still-cold Vancouver streets to Niki’s neighborhood in East Vancouver was smooth; punctuated occasionally by slow-moving taxis and a few delivery vans. Nathan parked at a slightly different location than he had when he did his reconnaissance earlier in the day. After killing the engine, he sat for several moments staring at the quiet road in front of him, his eyes unfocused. He fully realized that he was about to embark on a mission that did not concern him, and that was more risky than any other before. But he had given his word and that fact pushed him on more than any other.
He placed his bag over his shoulder after checking the contents. He quietly closed the van’s door and began the short walk to the house. This was always a dangerous time. His outfit was completely black and anybody peering out their window would be suspicious of this stranger to the neighborhood. Trying not to look too nervous, Nathan glanced around in a slow and casual way to check for any curious eyes. There were none that he could see. Niki Trakberger’s house came into view very quickly and he felt himself slowing his pace slightly. “It’s not too late to stop and turn around.” he told himself. “You haven’t actually done anything yet.” 
Sarah’s face entered his mind; at first looking seductively and then turning sinister as he realized once again her knowledge of his activities. He had to go through with this or she might get angry enough to tell the authorities of everything she knew about him. Nathan shook his head quickly in an attempt to erase that possibility and its repercussions. 
He reached into his pocket extracted the keys in a nonchalant manner. Luckily, Niki’s front door was fairly well-hidden by thick blackberry bushes. Nathan noticed immediately that she employed two locks; a sliding bolt above a standard doorknob. He slid the larger of the two keys into the bolt, turned it, and heard a definitive click. The second key also had no trouble unlocking the door. Would she have an alarm? Would he be familiar with its workings?
Nathan opened the door in a controlled and deliberate fashion. He stepped inside and closed it behind him. His other hand was in this bag, fishing for the night-vision goggles even before the door shut. They were fastened snugly to his head in a matter of seconds and he scanned the nearby walls for an alarm box. There was nothing. Another thorough check revealed that Niki lived without an alarm system of any kind. He was in. He stood still and motionless for close to a minute to hear if there was any sound of movement in the house. Had he awoken her? Once he felt confident that his entrance had gone undetected, Nathan began to search for what he came for.

CHAPTER 9

Nathan turned his attention away from the foyer area toward the rest of the house. It seemed to be a simple bungalow style; a layout that he had seen in many houses through-out the city. When he first began training for his alarm system installation job several years ago he had been struck and baffled at first as to why so many houses were copies in architectural design to others. But after reflecting a while he understood that it was easier from a developer’s point of view to repeat a design than to create a brand new one every time.
The house that Nathan had just entered was of a style that is repeated across Vancouver’s landscape; raised front entrance, living room with large windows directly to the left as one steps inside, a hallway directly ahead with the master’s bedroom door on the right, and another bedroom at the end of the hallway next to the bathroom. The kitchen and dining area were at the back of the house, with a door that lead out to a porch. This was the mental image that Nathan had been searching for earlier that evening. The real image entering his goggles confirmed his suspicions. He felt this to be slightly comforting.
As was his habit, Nathan headed for the master bedroom. He wanted to confirm that Niki Trakberger had not been awakened. He had also learned that it was usually the master bedrooms of houses that contain the secrets he sought. He took tentative steps, conscious of creaking floorboards, until he had reached the closed bedroom door. The doorknob turned easily and silently. Nathan pushed the door ajar slightly and peered inside. His eyes went immediately to the bed and saw the human-shaped lump occupying the far-side. Niki Trakberger lay still with her head turned away. It was then that Nathan realized he had never seen this woman before now; not even a photograph. 
He opened the door further, but only enough so that he could slip inside. With slow deliberate movements, Nathan made his way to the far side of the bed, always keeping a close eye on its occupant. She remained in a deep sleep, making barely-audible rhythmic breathing noises. He bent down and studied Niki’s face. Nathan was struck by her beauty. She had short, blonde hair that fell over most of her forehead. Her full lips were slightly parted and she had a sharp jaw line that framed a strikingly attractive face. 
So, this woman is probably having an affair with Sarah’s husband, thought Nathan. He couldn’t help but admire Andrew’s luck. But the question of the affair was why he was here tonight. He knew that he must start to look for the evidence that Sarah so desperately wanted so she could then confront her husband. Nathan felt that now familiar discomfort at being involved in a situation that he had no real connection to.
He straightened up from his bent position and did a quick scan of the bedroom’s contents. Right in front of him on the bedside table was a cell phone. Nathan unplugged the charging cord and took the phone to the small white chair near the vanity mirror only a few yards away. He took a small notepad from his shoulder bag and began to write down the call log over the past few days, as well as the text record. Most of the callers and recipients were named, with only a small amount of entries that merely displayed a number. He would let Sarah study this list later and come to her own conclusions. He returned the phone to its original position and plugged it back in, not wanting to create any suspicion from Niki in the morning. 
Next, Nathan quietly and efficiently searched the drawers of dressers and the top shelves of closets for any evidence of a connection between the woman who slept soundly nearby and the husband of his lover. The whole situation seemed absurd. However, Nathan had promised Sarah that he would do his best to look for what she wanted. But nothing so far reinforced her beliefs. After over thirty minutes of searching the bedroom, Nathan stood still and came to the sinking feeling that he might have to return to Sarah empty-handed. He left the bedroom and closed the door silently. 
The second bedroom was sparsely furnished and contained empty drawers and lonely hangers dangling from a sagging closet rod. The bathroom was just as void of any signs. He was completing his circle around the house by entering the living room when he noticed an open laptop on the coffee table in front of the couch. Nathan had a glimmer of hope and sat down to see what he could find.
Luckily, Niki had not protected her computer with a password. He was able to re-start the machine with ease. The automatic WIFI connection kicked-in and Niki’s email page was now available to him. He scanned through some emails from family and friends that contained nothing more than ‘Hellos’, ‘Miss you’, and ‘What are your plans?’, etc. Near the bottom of the Inbox page he saw an email from a recipient with a clearly Eastern European name. Another relative, perhaps?
Upon opening and reading this email he knew that it was very different from the rest. It spoke of a group of five women who would be arriving at the Vancouver airport over the next month at different times. There were also four attachments with the email. Each of these contained a full-body picture of a young woman, each one anywhere from 20 to 30 years of age, he guessed. Below each picture were statistics like height and weight. 
“What am I looking at?” Nathan whispered to himself. Nathan pondered some more. Why would a lawyer in Vancouver be given information about a small group of woman entering the country at separate dates? Why would the email contain photos and bodily measurement information? He re-read the email and noticed that the first of the arrival dates had already passed. That would mean that one of these women had entered the country already. Where was she, who was she, and why was she here?
Nathan had heard news stories about human trafficking and the international sex trade of women. Could this be a small window into that world? He involuntarily glanced to his left in the direction of Niki Trakberger’s bedroom. Although he stared at a dividing wall, Nathan still kept this position for several seconds. His brain was trying to figure out what all this meant. Like any other human being, he was jumping to conclusions with only a small amount of information. At this point, it appeared that the woman sleeping only yards away was involved in bringing Eastern European women to Vancouver for purposes of prostitution. 
The main reason for his visit to Niki’s house tonight had escaped him momentarily. And, the risk of being caught in her house uninvited in the middle of the night had also receded. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and to refocus his attention on his present situation. Nathan looked back at the open webmail page. He knew that he had to take this information with him tonight. He was definitely not taking the chance of returning to someone’s house who was involved in organized crime. The instinctual part of him just wanted to run, but Nathan knew that he had to think clearly. How was he going to make sure that what he discovered tonight did not remain hidden? He subtly shook his head at the thought that, just like every other house he had ever visited, this was no different. He was going to take home a memento. 
But how does one take home an email? He couldn’t print it. He didn’t see a printer in the darkness, and even if he did find one, it might make noise. Taking the whole laptop would cause Niki to report a break-in and the police would be called. Nathan sat staring at the screen when the very simple, and now obvious, solution came to him. He would forward the email to himself. Of course, this would be recorded as any ‘sent’ email is, but who really checks their SENT box that often? The risks were small. So, with very little contemplation, Nathan Holden forwarded an email originating somewhere in Eastern Europe to his own personal account. It took slightly longer than the usual plain text email. The attachments of the girls’ photos loaded one by one. As they did, Nathan realized that each girl was destined to have her life altered forever by their participation in this sordid business. Were they willing participants? He doubted that. 
After sending the message, Nathan closed the webmail window and shut down the computer. He had not found any evidence to support Sarah’s belief that her husband was sleeping around, but he had uncovered something much more important. If his suspicions were correct about Niki’s involvement in some kind of international sex trade, what should he do with the information? How would he explain the way he obtained it? These questions whirled in his mind as he quietly closed and locked the front door. He came down the steps, scanned the street for any movement, and walked quickly to his waiting van.
 When he arrived home it was close to 4 a.m. Nathan’s mind was still contemplating all that he had discovered at Niki’s house. He couldn’t stop thinking about the images of the five women he had seen. Nathan started his own home computer and opened the email that he had just sent to himself from Niki’s house. As he looked at the photo attachments once again, he imagined the life these poor women would have to endure as prostitutes; making love to strange men, faking an interest, and never knowing if their life might be in danger at any given moment. 
Nathan had never been with a prostitute but had, of course, seen women on the streets of certain areas of Vancouver; as well as seen advertisements in newspapers, thinly disguised as massage services. He could understand that a man’s loneliness could drive him to get involved in this sort of thing. But, how did the women feel about their lives? Terrible, he was sure. Surely, no woman would choose this type of lifestyle if she had other more attractive options.
The more pressing question returned to his mind. What was his responsibility here? Should he contact the police and hope that these women could be saved from their ordeal? Would the police really care that much? The prostitutes on the streets, and the newspaper ads, seemed to exist with ease. Do the authorities just turn away and allow it to occur? And again, the thought of how to explain the process by which he obtained the information arose. Would he be taking a huge risk just to save a few women he had never met?  
Nathan closed his webmail server and shut down his computer. He sat back on his couch and stared into the middle distance, not focusing on anything. After a few minutes he realized that he needed some sleep for his full day’s work. After turning off all his lights and making sure the front door was locked, Nathan prepared for bed. Sleep did not come easily to him. Eventually, pure exhaustion won over and he fell into a fitful sleep.

Nathan forced himself to rise at his regular time the next morning. A quick shower and a shave helped to restore a bit of life to his body, but he knew that today would be difficult. He visited the local gym for a few hours in the morning before his work shift began. Luckily, he worked alone and could give himself and easy day once in a while. After receiving his day’s assignments from Sally, Nathan sat in his van and planned out his route to five separate residences across Vancouver. 
It was usually at this point in a regular workday that he would fantasize about the homes he was soon to visit in the legitimate role of an alarm system installation man. He used to enjoy these brief moments where anything was possible. However, he did not have that feeling today, nor had he had that feeling for a while now. He paused to ask himself why that was. The answer came easily to him. Since meeting Sarah, he had felt the control of his life slipping slowly from his grasp. At that moment, he resented Sarah for interrupting his life. But he couldn’t help himself also imagining her naked on his bed, staring at him after their love-making.
Nathan took out his cell phone and sent a text message to Sarah. “Please meet me at my place around 8 p.m. tonight.” He only had to wait a few seconds before she replied. “I look forward to it.” her message simply said. He wondered if she was looking forward to seeing him or to finding out what he had learned from last night’s excursion. 

CHAPTER 10

Sarah had not contacted Nathan since the morning when she convinced him to go to Niki’s house. She was anxious to find out what he had discovered. The text with an invitation that she had received early that afternoon revived her hopes and fears. Was she expecting too much? What did she really want to find out? Direct evidence of an intimate relationship would take away any lingering doubt, but then what position would that put her in? A sudden feeling of anger arose in Sarah. She felt like a fool; a woman who could be easily deceived. She was not some silly, empty-headed housewife without any idea of what was really going on, she told herself. Yes, she would confront Andrew with what Nathan had discovered. She would arm herself with knowledge and then force the truth from her husband.
Sarah’s drive from North Vancouver to Nathan’s apartment in the West End was done on auto-pilot. Her mind was elsewhere. She was fantasizing about the conversation she would be having with Andrew later that night after his regular long day. “Probably fooling around with Niki as they stayed at the office, or some other seedy place, giggling to themselves on how easy it was to keep their little romance hidden from me.” Sarah muttered to herself in the car.  She locked her jaw in hatred for both of them as she pressed a bit harder on the accelerator pedal and passed a slow-moving family van.
She parked on the main street right in front of Nathan’s building, not caring about curious eyes and subsequent questions. She was enjoying this feeling of control and fearlessness. Sarah marched up to the front door of the building with purposeful strides and pushed Nathan’s intercom button. 
“Hello?” Nathan’s voice filled her with comfort and protection. 
Sarah leaned closer to the metal receiver and whispered, “Hi, darling. It’s me.”
Nathan’s response was to press the entrance button on his phone. Sarah grabbed the open door and let herself into Nathan’s building, and towards the first steps that would lead to some closure regarding her husband’s clandestine activities. 
As Sarah walked down the hallway that led to Nathan’s apartment, she saw that his door was slightly ajar. He was usually so fastidious with security. Why this departure? She eased the door open a bit more and quietly called, “Nathan? Are you home?”
“Please come in and close the door behind you.” Nathan said in an even but not unfriendly voice.
He usually greets me with open arms at the door, Sarah thought. What was wrong? She entered as instructed, then closed and locked the door before removing her shoes and coat. Sarah walked the short distance from the front door to Nathan’s living room without hearing a sound. She found Nathan sitting completely still in the middle of his couch, staring with unfocused eyes at the scattered magazines occupying his coffee table. Was this the same man she had met invading her home several weeks ago? At that time he had frightened and excited her. What she saw now was a man dejected. 
“Are you alright?” Sarah asked.
Nathan broke his empty stare and looked directly at Sarah. He took a deep breath and attempted to look happy to reassure her.
He gestured to the single, over-stuffed chair and asked Sarah to sit down.
Sarah did not like the atmosphere she had walked into. She had been expecting to find Nathan his usual friendly self, eager to please her, and ready to share his experience from last night at Niki Trakberger’s house. 
“How did things go last night?” She asked carefully.
Nathan did not look at Sarah when he spoke. “I got into her house without any trouble and then began to search around. I first focused on her bedroom for a long while. I then moved to the spare bedroom, the bathroom, and finally to the living room. Sarah, I found nothing that suggested any contact between your husband and Niki. I’m sorry.” He finally lifted his gaze and looked directly at Sarah.
Sarah returned his eye contact with a blank look on her face. This is not what she had expected.
“Are you sure? Nothing at all? Did you look thoroughly?”
“Yes, I did.”
It was at that point that Sarah’s expression started to change from bemusement to frustration.
“I don’t think you looked hard enough!” Sarah spoke with power and authority. “I sent you with a simple job to find any kind of sign that I could use to confront my husband with, and now you tell me that you’ve come back empty-handed? I’m not pleased, Nathan. I’m really disappointed with you. You promised to help me and instead you have teased me with your big plans that came to nothing in the end!” By this time, Sarah was on her feet, leaning over Nathan. Her face and tone of voice revealed anger and vindictiveness that Nathan had never imagined was inside her.
Nathan looked up at this red-faced woman with his mouth slightly open in amazement. The situation had escalated beyond what he foresaw. His brain searched for a way to calm Sarah down. He remembered that angering her was very unwise. She knew things about him that could put him in prison. Sarah was still on her feet and breathing heavily. Nathan knew he had to do or say something to settle this woman down.
“I did find something, but it wasn’t what either of us expected.” 
Sarah’s body language eased slightly. She stood up straight and asked in an eerily calm voice, “What was it?”
“I believe that Niki Trakberger is somehow involved in bringing in young women from Eastern Europe to Vancouver to work as prostitutes.”
Sarah’ eyes widened, and she then blinked several times as if to make sure she had heard Nathan clearly. She finally broke her gaze with Nathan and sat back down again.
“Tell me everything.” Sarah spoke with controlled assertiveness. 
In response to her request, Nathan reached for a laptop computer that was among the magazines on the coffee table. After turning on the machine and re-connecting with his WIFI, he signed into his email service provider. Within seconds he had Niki’s email open and was spinning the laptop so that Sarah could see. She came over and sat next to him on the couch.
“Her computer is not password-protected. I was able to open her webmail and I found this email. I forwarded it to myself. Read it and then open up the attachments. Tell me I have the wrong idea, ‘cause I don’t really want to believe what I’ve seen.”
Sarah looked carefully at Nathan as he spoke, searching for a sign that he was just playing with her. But his face only revealed the sadness and confusion that she had seen since entering his home. She took the computer and placed it directly in front of her on the table. Sarah read the text with the arrival dates and opened each of the attachments. Afterwards, she sat back and let out a deep breath. Her mind was trying to make sense of what she had just seen. Prostitution? Like anyone else, she had seen news reports on the international sex trade. But it was always a problem that had concerned other people. Was Nathan correct in his opinion? Was a co-worker, and probably the lover, of her husband arranging for women to come to Vancouver to sell their bodies on the open market? It was all very hard to digest. She finally looked up and stared at Nathan with a tortured look on her face.
“What do you think?” Nathan whispered.
Sarah’s mind was still trying to analyze each of the pieces; her limited knowledge of the issue of international human trafficking, the arrival dates with flight information, and the photos of the young women.
“I think you might be right. How else can all this be explained?” Like Nathan, part of Sarah wanted to find a reasonable answer. However, she just couldn’t.
“So, where does that leave us?” Nathan asked. “Should we give this information to the police?”
Sarah did not hesitate in her reply to Nathan’s question about the police. 
“Absolutely not!”
“But this is criminal behavior. We can’t just ignore that. And think of these women. What kind of life are they facing? We could have the power to stop that.” Nathan’s voice was pleading and desperate. This disgusted Sarah. His weakness was nauseating.
“You talk about ‘criminal activity’? Nathan, you are a criminal. Have you thought about how you would explain to the police how you obtained this email?”
“I have, actually.” Nathan now returned to his previous dispirited state. His compassion for these women and his responsibility as a citizen was not as strong as his desire to stay out of prison.
Both were silent for a few moments before Sarah spoke again.
“Forward the email to me."
Nathan shook his head and said, “I don’t think we should spread this information too far.”
“Forward it to me and I will deal with it.”
“Deal with it? What do you mean?”
In response, Sarah bent toward the laptop again and began to enter her own email address into the proper space. Before Nathan could stop her, the email was sent to her account.
“I don’t think you should have done that. Why do you need it? It has nothing to do with whether your husband is having an affair with Niki.”
“I know, but information is power. I might be able to use this when the time is right.” For the first time that morning, Sarah smirked. But it was an expression that Nathan had not seen from her before. It did not indicate joy or even desire. Her expression showed a woman determined, and confident in her potential.
Nathan sat silently and still as he watched this transformation in Sarah. Where was that beautiful, sweet, and charmingly curious woman that entered his life not long ago? He was hesitant, and yes, a bit frightened, to speak or move right then.
Sarah stood and spoke coldly. “I need to go now. I’ll call you.”
She then walked out of the living room. Nathan heard her put on her shoes and coat. He was naively expecting a cheerful goodbye, but he received none. All he heard next was the firm closing of his front door. Then silence. Nathan Holden remained in the exact same position on the couch through-out the entire encounter. He felt used and powerless. 

CHAPTER 11

Nathan barely slept the night after Sarah’s last visit. His mind kept jumping from scene to scene of his many meetings with Sarah Hawthorne; from their first flirtatious run-in while he installed her home alarm system to her odd, aggressive behavior of last night. Mixed in among these images was the face of his friend Ski and his words of warning during their last few times together. 
In the morning, he turned off his alarm to allow himself some more sleep, dismissing the idea of going to the gym that morning. He finally arose well past his usual time, feeling guilty and disappointed with himself. After breakfast and a brisk shower, Nathan felt a bit better. He picked up his phone and called Ski at his pet store in Burnaby.
Their conversation was somewhat strained at first but soon they reverted back to their old rhythm and humour that they had had since junior high. Nathan mentioned nothing about developments with Sarah, and Ski didn’t ask, but the subject was on both their minds. Finally, Ski apologized for having to go because the store was filling up with customers who needed attention. Nathan suggested meeting that night for a beer or two at The Waddling Duck.
After the conversation, Nathan wished he had time to go to the gym. His energy had returned. Instead, he opted for a walk along the path that borders the beach in the West End. The sea breeze and his quick pace cleared his head a bit. He had reached out to a friend whom he hoped would help him with a situation that was weighing heavy on him. Of course, no real changes had occurred yet. But he felt hopeful, and more importantly, not alone.
The crowd at the pub that night was large, heaving, and friendly. Nathan felt at ease immediately. He had arrived slightly earlier than him and Ski had arranged. He wanted to secure a small table in the far corner with his back against the wall. Angeline was working the section as usual. She approached Nathan with her confident stride and genuine smile. He glanced up as she came nearer and tried his best to be gracious. 
“Hey, Nathan! Long time, no see. How are you?”
“Yeah, I’m good, Ang.”
Angeline’s expression changed slightly. Her ability to read people was uncanny.
“Really? You look a bit tired and distracted. Everything alright?”
“Fine. Just a long hard day at work. A beer or two will fix me up.”
“A bottle of Kokanee coming right up, my friend!”
She strode off, not having the time to inquire further into Nathan’s true feelings, knowing her role. But still concerned.
As Angeline went behind the bar to fetch Nathan’s beer, Ski walked in the front door. In a quick glance, he saw Nathan sitting without a drink and Angeline opening a bottle of his friend’s favourite beer. He leaned across the bar to make sure Angeline heard him above the din of the other customers.
“Make that two, Ang.”
Ski paid cash for the drinks and walked over to sit with his friend.     
While the two friends sat in a busy pub discussing her, Sarah spent a rare evening alone with her husband Andrew. They ordered Thai food and then laughed at each other as the spices made their eyes water. One and half bottles of Chianti were consumed in an attempt to quell the acid that lingered in their mouths. After washing the dishes together, they sat on the soft seats of their living room. 
Through-out the evening, Sarah had forced herself to be responsive and attentive toward Andrew. In reality, her mind was mostly grappling with all that she had learned from Nathan that morning. She pictured her husband and Niki in an intimate embrace. Clothes being removed. Love making. Occasionally, she found herself grimacing like she was suppressing a strong feeling of nausea. However, a part of her still held on to a small bit of sympathy for Andrew. Although she didn’t believe her husband to be innocent in all this, she saw that he had gotten involved with a woman without moral scruples; toward the institution of marriage and toward her chosen profession of law.
Sarah had a strong urge to just scream in Andrew’s face, “I know about your affair with Niki, and you should also know that she is involved in the international sex trade!” But Sarah knew that that kind of overt approach would cause Andrew to immediately deny everything, and he would insist that she had gotten the wrong idea. So, she chose not to say anything provocative. She played the role of the grateful wife and companion. 
The wine had given her mind a bit of liberty. Even while engaging in light conversation with Andrew in the living room after dinner, Sarah was constructing a basic plan. Essentially, she wanted to save her marriage. She knew that directly confronting Andrew with what she suspected would lead to fighting, doors being slammed, and possibly separation that might end in divorce. Her mind sought the answer to the question of how to end her husband’s relationship with Niki without Andrew realizing that Sarah knew about it. That way she would remain an innocent bystander, blissfully unaware in Andrew’s eyes. He could then recommit himself to their relationship. 
The only clear solution to achieve her goal was to take Niki out of the picture altogether. Sarah needed Niki Trakberger to disappear. She needed her to stop working on a daily basis with Andrew. Preferably, she needed her to move out of the city and cease all contact with Andrew.
Sarah’s best tool at the moment was the email she had forwarded to herself from Nathan via Niki. The late night phone call to Andrew’s cell could be easily explained as a work matter, and the perfume on his shirt was long washed away. She could discreetly meet with Niki to show her the email. She could drop the bomb that she was aware of her criminal activity, as well as her affair with Andrew. Finally, she could then tell her to move far away from Vancouver or she would go to the police with what she knew. The police would surely have to investigate. This would result in charges being made, arrests, a public trial, and jail time – all things that Niki surely feared and wanted to avoid at all costs. 
In her silent reverie, Sarah was unaware that her husband was staring at her the whole time with an amused look on his face.
“What are you thinking about?” he casually asked.
Sarah was startled and then she immediately felt guilty and exposed. Her mind raced to come up with any plausible answer.
“It’s my work at the re-hab centre downtown. I just find it often to be…well, emotionally draining, I guess. My mind will replay situations and conversations. I think about it far too much. Maybe I should quit.”
Andrew responded to her concern with a frown of concentration.
“Do what you think is right for you. I’ll support any decision that you make, darling.”
Andrew Hawthorne rose early the next morning, as was his daily routine. He showered and shaved, and then dressed as quietly as possible out of consideration for his still sleeping wife. A strong coffee was all his stomach desired; a mid-morning snack at work would get him through to lunchtime. In his car, he replayed some of the scenes from the previous evening spent with Sarah. He knew that his work took too much of his time and that his relationship with his wife was suffering because if it. Almost every day he would promise himself that he would leave the office at a reasonable time so he could be home to spend some time with his Sarah. But this rarely happened. Issues would arise that needed his immediate attention. He justified this situation by the fact that he was maintaining a good reputation with his superiors and there had been whisperings lately of him becoming a partner in the firm. If that happened then he would definitely take a few weeks off and go for a nice vacation somewhere with Sarah. A resort in Mexico?  Jamaica maybe?
When Andrew arrived at the office it was quiet. At first, he saw no one and this pleased him. He enjoyed these peaceful minutes in the early morning. He liked to organize the jobs that needed done that day. These still, tranquil moments afforded him some clarity of mind before the hectic culture of a large law office began to warm-up as people began to arrive.
However, he was not alone as he had thought that morning. As he glanced up he saw the light come on in the office of Niki Trakberger. Andrew thought it would be nice to have a quick chat with Niki, maybe offer her a cup of coffee from the lunch room. His good mood was making him feel generous. He stood up and walked across the open office space toward Niki’s office. She was just putting her raincoat on a hook and propping up her umbrella to dry in a corner when Andrew gently knocked on her door. She was visibly surprised and flinched slightly at the unexpected noise.
“Andrew! You gave me a shock. Good morning!”
Andrew had always liked Niki’s faint European accent. He had heard that she arrived in Canada as a teenager, knowing very little English at the time. It must have been difficult for her.
“Good morning, Niki. Sorry I made you jump. I was just wondering if you wanted some coffee. I was going to make myself another cup anyway.”
Niki nodded before she spoke. “Yes, please. A hot cup of coffee would be perfect for trying to get rid of these chills. It’s so cold this morning!” Niki handed Andrew her mug from the corner of her desk.
“Why are you so cold and wet? Did you walk here? Car not working?”
“I don’t have a car. The bus is usually good for me, except on these freezing, rainy mornings when I have to walk a block and half from the bus stop to the office.” 
“Ah, I see. Ok, very hot coffee coming up soon…Oh, I’m sorry but I don’t know how you take it…”
“One cream and one sugar, please.”
Andrew left her office and made the quick trip to the lunch room to refill both their mugs. He returned in a few minutes to find Niki with her desk-top computer humming and her face lit-up by the screen light. Andrew placed her coffee next to her keyboard.
“Thank-you so much. I really need this.” She took a sip and closed her eyes with relief. Niki then leaned back in her chair and indulged in a good back stretch.
“Sorry, that wasn’t very lady-like, was it?” They both laughed and Andrew took this moment of levity to perch on the corner of her large desk.
“Niki, do you mind if I ask you something?”
“Of course. What’s up?”
“I was thinking of taking my wife for a vacation if I can find some time. I was thinking somewhere in the down south like Jamaica or Mexico, but maybe she would enjoy somewhere else. What do you think?”
“I’ve heard Jamaica is really great. I haven’t been there myself but have heard good things. I’m sure she would enjoy it. It’s so nice of you to plan a trip like that for…oh, sorry. I’ve forgotten your wife’s name. She was just in here a while ago too. I’m so embarrassed.”
“Don’t worry about it. Her name’s Sarah.”
“That’s right! I’m sure Sarah would enjoy any place the two of you went together.” 
“How are things going with that nice young guy who came to visit you here yesterday? Gary was his name, right? Is it a serious thing?”
Niki looked slightly sheepish before she answered. “I hope so. I really like him and we get along so well. Fingers crossed.”
“Well, good luck with that. I should get back to work. Thanks for the chat, Niki.”
“Thanks for the coffee!”
Andrew followed the same twisted path past desks and chairs back toward his office. On the way he hoped that Niki could be happy with her new boyfriend. She was a pleasant young woman.

CHAPTER 12

As Andrew Hawthorne began his day at work, his wife lay in bed awake but not yet ready to get up and face the day. She wasn’t depressed. She was just unsure. Sarah had read Niki’s email carefully many times and couldn’t come up with any other explanation other than the international prostitution theory. Five young women, all quite attractive, coming to Canada on particular dates; flight information included. Sarah wanted to be sure of what she had found, especially if she was going to use this information to force Niki away from her husband. She slowly shook her head and muttered in a gravely morning voice, “It seems pretty clear to me.”
Sarah could hear the housekeeper downstairs rattling dishes and generally making a racket; not considerate of the fact that her employer was still trying to stretch out her morning with a few more minutes in bed. The idea of a shower followed by a nice steaming cup of coffee motivated Sarah to arise from her semi-slumber. As she went through the steps of her morning routine, she mostly thought of how to use the email as a weapon against Niki Trakberger. As she was rinsing off after her shower a paralyzing thought struck her: what if Niki had friends who wanted to keep their sex trade in full operation by eliminating any little ‘problems’ that might arise? Niki can’t be the primary player in all of this. She was probably just a small cog in a larger machine. There had to be contacts in Hungary, the one who sent the email at least. Others too, of course. And how about people right here in Vancouver? ‘Pimps’ is the word that she had heard in films and from other people. All of these people would be very upset if their business was interrupted by some jealous wife from the suburbs. Sarah had no real way of protecting herself other than a call to 911 if she found herself in an emergency. She imagined several scenarios of threats followed by abduction, interrogation, and possibly her own murder.
The shower water continued to run down her back as these fears unfolded in her mind. Despite the warm water, Sarah’s upper body shivered involuntary. She finally turned off the tap and began to towel herself vigorously, as if to erase these thoughts. Maybe she was letting her imagination ride wild without thinking too clearly. The fact was that she wasn’t really interested in stopping this operation of human trafficking. Let people do what they want to do. It was no business of hers. It certainly didn’t have any direct negative impact to her life, so who cares? The trick was to somehow use her knowledge to get Niki away from Andrew without angering the criminals connected to this degenerate enterprise.
Sarah knew that she had to learn Niki’s routines. Where did she go after work? How did she spend her weekends? This type of knowledge would help her understand her enemy. But she couldn’t do this sneaky behavior herself. What if Niki spotted her? They had met a few times already. Sarah was recognizable to Niki - but Nathan wasn’t. He had been cooperative with her requests so far. Why not use him more? Even if he resisted and protested, Sarah had a threat that she had not used yet but was willing to, if needed. She had the knowledge that could put Nathan Holden behind bars very quickly. 
It was Friday morning and Sarah surmised that Nathan should be reachable and available for a little chat. The weekend was coming up soon and it would be a perfect time for Nathan to do his little surveillance job. Sarah picked up her cell phone and called him.
“Hello, Sarah.” Nathan said flatly, recognizing her number on his own cell phone.
“Hi, Darling!” Sarah replied with false enthusiasm. “How are you? Did I catch you at a bad time?”
“No. I’m just getting my gear ready for a trip to the gym. What’s up?”
“I would love to drop by later this morning.” Sarah held her breath. She wanted everything to go smoothly and she was trying hard to sound light and playful. 
“Yeah, no problem. How about in two hours? I should be finished at the gym and be home by then.”
“OK, great! See you later! Bye”
As soon as Sarah had ended the call, Nathan immediately called another number.
“Ski. It’s Nathan. She should be coming over in about two hours. Can you be ready?”
“Sure. That’s enough time. I’ll be hiding across the street with the video recorder. You ready with the tape machine?”
“Yeah. I’ve got it up on a book shelf, mostly hidden but with the microphone exposed.” 
“Remember not to incriminate yourself at any point that the tape recorder is running. We need to be careful, very careful.”
“Got it….thanks for your help with all this, buddy.”
“No problem. Let’s get this bitch off your back.”
“Oh, I am looking forward to that day. Let’s talk later. Bye.”
After speaking with Ski, Nathan felt better than he had done in a long time. He felt hopeful. And more importantly, he felt he was gaining control of his life again.

Despite Ski’s confidence on the phone, he did feel a bit nervous about the plans that he and Nathan had made. Their main goal was to try to amass a good amount of evidence of Sarah’s involvement in the illegal activities of Nathan. The idea was that if Sarah threatened to expose Nathan to the police then he could turn around and present her with proof of her involvement; hopefully scaring her away from him forever. At least that was the theory. The tricky part was that Nathan had to go along with Sarah’s suggestions and requests while both Ski and Nathan gathered the evidence. Ski tried not to think too much about all the things that could go wrong. The simple fact was that his good friend of many years was in trouble, and he needed Ski’s help. 
Ski busied himself with getting familiar with all the buttons and settings of the video-recorder that Nathan had handed him during their meeting at the pub. The irony was that Sarah herself had given the machine to Nathan as a gift. The main goal today was get footage of Sarah’s car with a clear license plate shot, and then to film her entering Nathan’s building. Of course, visiting someone’s home is not a crime but maybe today’s filming, combined with other hard data might be enough to frighten Sarah into leaving Nathan alone. The evidence must be such that she would fear Nathan showing it to the police and bringing her down with him.
Ski made up an excuse to his mother about some banking that had to be done, and then left her in charge of the pet store. He packed his car with the video-recorder, some water, and a few protein bars in the event he might get hungry. It would take less than an hour to get down to Nathan’s neighborhood, but he wanted to arrive early to get the best possible position. At that point, he wasn’t sure if he would remain in the car or try to set himself up somewhere else. This uncertainty gave Ski a bit of anxiety but he pressed on regardless. 
Upon arriving on Nathan’s street, Ski began to quickly survey available parking spots and other points where he might station himself. His car did not have tinted glass, so he needed to make sure Sarah didn’t notice him if he decided on staying in the car. Luckily, he had never met the woman before so she would not recognize him. But anyone would be suspicious of a strange man pointing a video-recorder directly at them. Nathan had given a pretty clear description of her car and her appearance, so Ski was sure he could get the footage that was needed. 
He chose a parking spot across from Nathan’s building that afforded a good view of the alley where Sarah usually parked, as well as a view of the walkway toward the building. Ski got out of the car and put enough coins in the meter to last two hours. After getting back in the car, he began to experiment with the focus and framing of the video-recorder. A small icon in the top right corner of the screen revealed a battery power of less than two thirds. Ski decided to shut down the machine once he was satisfied that he could get the footage when the time came. For the moment, he simply stayed put and waited for the woman whom his best friend had first become obsessed with and then later became afraid of. 
Ski killed the time by people-watching; one of his favourite past-times. He liked to create imaginary lives for the strangers that passed by him. He gave them desires and regrets. With the radio playing softly, more than an hour passed before he saw Nathan’s van pull into the underground parking; reserved only for residents of the building. Nathan had not even notice Ski’s car. That was either a tribute to Ski’s choice of a good spot or to Nathan’s lack of focus. Maybe he was feeling as nervous as Ski. They had got into a bit of trouble as teenagers with racing their cars down the wide boulevards of Vancouver late at night. That was exciting and they often reminisced over those wild days. But this felt different. Nathan could go to jail if they messed this up. Ski had to admit to himself that his friend was technically breaking the law when he entered peoples’ homes, but what he did seemed harmless enough. It certainly didn’t warrant time spent behind bars in some violent, repressive prison environment. That would kill Nathan. He just wasn’t made of the stuff needed to survive that kind of experience.
As Ski imagined the punitive horrors that could be awaiting his best friend, a white BMW slowly passed him and pulled into the nearby alley. Ski snapped himself out of his reverie and grabbed the video-recorder. He turned it on and framed the entrance to the alley, using the corner of Nathan’s building as a point of focus. He was ready. Now, where was she? Within seconds, a woman emerged and walked slowly along the sidewalk that led to the front path of Nathan’s building. Ski remained focused on his job but couldn’t help but feel a sense of attraction to Sarah Hawthorne. She was a beautiful, elegant woman who walked with straight posture, accenting a body and face that exuded grace. 
It was only after she had been buzzed in that Ski remembered that he had missed getting the license plate of her car as it passed him initially. That meant that he would have to wait until she finished her visit with Nathan, and then get the license plate as she drove away. Luckily, she hadn’t glanced his way as she walked toward the building. Would he be so lucky on her way out?

Nathan had just begun to undress when he heard his building-door ringer. He walked toward the wall-mounted unit while swallowing hard. His mouth was dry; not because of his gym workout but because of anxiety and trepidation. Him and Ski were about to embark on a type of mission that was fraught with potential landmines. They had to play Sarah perfectly, without her becoming suspicious. Not an easy task.
“Hello?” Nathan spoke into the mouthpiece. 
“It’s me!” Sarah’s voice responded cheerfully.
“Hey! Come on up. I’ll leave the door open. I’m about to jump in the shower.”
Nathan held the button for a few seconds until he was sure Sarah was in the building. He then quickly  opened the locks on his front door before he finished undressing, and then began his shower. As he was toweling off later, he heard muffled sounds from within his apartment through the bathroom door. Nathan’s first thought was that Sarah had found the tape machine running on top of the book case. He quickly wrapped the towel around his waist and opened the bathroom door. 
At first, Nathan could only see a fraction of the space that made up his living room. That was empty. A quick glance around the corner revealed a deserted kitchen and another look to his left showed no one in the bedroom either. He stepped into the living room and felt cold air on his chest and arms. Sarah was on his patio with the sliding door open behind her. She was craning her neck to try to catch a view of the Pacific Ocean. Nathan stood still for a few moments as she had not heard or seen him yet. Nathan took several deep breaths to calm himself before he remembered to check the tape machine. It was untouched and humming softly; but not making enough noise to be noticeable from a distance of a few metres, Nathan surmised.
“Hi” Nathan spoke clearly and loudly to catch Sarah’s attention.
She spun around and laughed easily at the sight she encountered. “Oh, my! What a pleasant way to greet a lady. I am clearly over-dressed for this occasion.”
Nathan had completely forgotten about his attire. He looked down at his towel and had to grin himself.
“Give me a minute, yeah?”
Sarah simply shook her head and leaned against the rail of Nathan’s patio as he turned and strode toward the bedroom.
Upon his return, Sarah had moved back into the living room but had left the sliding door to the patio partially open. Nathan took all this in with one quick look and wondered if the noise from the street outside would interfere with the audio recording of the tape. There was really nothing he could do now.
“Sorry about the free show earlier. I didn’t hear you come in and then was curious about some noise.”
“Feeling a bit nervous, are we? What’s wrong?” Sarah’s tone was light and teasing but Nathan couldn’t help but feel his pulse race and his jaw tighten. His eyes and head tilted slightly toward the bookcase but he caught himself in time, so that Sarah did not follow his gaze.
“How about a cup of coffee? Are you hungry? Do you want a snack?” Nathan forced himself to sound casual, which he hoped he was achieving.  
“A coffee and a bite to eat would be nice… thanks.” 
Nathan immediately turned toward the kitchen while Sarah wondered at his somewhat strange behavior. She admired his broad shoulders and snug-fitting jeans as he turned his back to her on the way to the kitchen. She suddenly remembered that they had not made love the last time she visited. The truth was that she had no desire to make love to anyone these days. All her energy and thoughts seemed to be focused on Niki Trakberger. But she knew that Nathan was a young healthy man who was attracted to her. Some sex seemed harmless and it might help to win him over to her request.
Sarah squared her shoulders and entered the kitchen. Nathan was standing at the kitchen sink, rinsing a mug. She snuck up behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist while making a deep purring sound. Sarah could sense Nathan’s tension. He simply froze.
“What’s wrong, cowboy? You seem a bit off today.”
“I’m fine. I was just surprised…and my hands are all wet and soapy.”
“We’re still friends, right?”
“Yeah, of course.”
“And friends help friends, don’t they?” Sarah smiled broadly at Nathan, subtly nodding her head.
Nathan’s heart again began to speed up. Did she spot Ski outside on the street with the camera? Or was she referring to him doing another ’favour’ for her? If so, then he wanted to get her voice on tape, which meant steering her in the direction of the bookcase in the living room.
“They certainly do. Let me make this coffee and we can talk a bit in the living room where it’s more comfortable.” 
“OK. I’ll wait for you.” Sarah let go of Nathan and made her way back out of the kitchen.
A few minutes later Nathan walked into the living room with a tray of biscuits and two mugs of fresh coffee. Sarah was flipping through a magazine she had found on the table. She glanced up while putting the magazine to the opposite side of the table, making room for the tray.
“Thank-you so much, my dear. This looks great!” Sarah took a mug and one biscuit before settling back into the couch with a contented expression. Nathan saw that she did not appear suspicious.
They spoke briefly about the improving weather lately, and how spring was definitely starting to make its appearance.  Once the coffee was almost finished and they had both begun to relax, Sarah reached over and stroked Nathan’s arm several times in a soft and seductive manner. 
“Honey, I need you to do another favour for me.”
“What do you need?”
“A bit of surveillance is all. I need you to follow Niki Trakberger around for a few days this weekend, as well as for a few days next week if needed. I want you to get an understanding of her movements and routines. I want to confront her with that email you found on her laptop, but first I need to plan out how to approach her; and especially where this confrontation can occur. I can’t very well walk up to her at Andrew’s office or in her home. It has to be somewhere public where there are only strangers present. We have to be careful about all this.”
‘We’?, thought Nathan. It’s you who is obsessed with bringing down this woman, with no regard for the safety of the women she is prostituting, or to the fact that you have been having an extra-marital affair with me. 
But he wisely kept all these thoughts to himself, while resisting the urge to look up at the bookshelf with the tape recorder running.
“Sorry, Sarah. But I don’t want to get involved anymore with all this. It’s getting out of hand. We need to somehow contact the police and try to rescue these poor women. You’re taking this thing in the wrong direction. I know this is not what you want to hear but I can’t be part of it anymore.”
Nathan had intentionally spoke loudly and clearly so that every word would be properly recorded above the outside noise.
Sarah’s face had gone from friendly to malevolent in the short time it had taken Nathan to speak. Her eyes were narrowed and her jaw jutted out aggressively. 
“You ‘don’t want to get involved’? This is ‘not what you want’? Who the hell do you think you are? You are involved, Nathan! You have always been involved. You have no choice. If you don’t do this for me then I can simply contact the police with what I know. How do several years in prison sound to you?”
There it was. She had said the words that had been on both of their minds for a long time now. Sarah continued to stare intently at Nathan, her nostrils flared with heavy breathing. Nathan froze and didn’t say anything in return at first. He was genuinely frightened of this woman. But at the same time he was pleased that she had made a direct threat that was hopefully recorded clearly.
“Please don’t do that, Sarah.”
Sarah’s demeanor softened slightly but she still maintained her determination. 
“I won’t have to if you just follow Niki around for a few days.”
Nathan nodded silently.



CHAPTER 13

Ski waited outside in his car. He had his finger on the power button; ready for Sarah’s emergence from Nathan’s building. He was determined to get a clear sequence of her waking away from the building and then of her driving out of the alleyway. He hoped the license plate would be in focus.
He didn’t have to wait as long as he had expected to. Sarah flung open the main door out into the street and began to walk quickly back toward her parked car in the lane. Ski pushed the power button and the machine whirred to life immediately. She was recorded leaving the apartment building walkway and joining the sidewalk. Her expression seemed very serious -- creating a curiosity for Ski as to what had gone on in Nathan’s apartment. But that could wait a while. He slowly swung the video recorder while keeping Sarah in frame. She soon rounded the corner and disappeared. Ski kept pointing the machine toward the entrance to the alleyway and was quickly rewarded with a clear shot of Sarah’s white BMW as it paused at the entrance to the main street. 
After Ski was satisfied that a clear shot of the license plate was captured, he glanced at the upper part of his screen to see if he had a good view of Sarah’s face. His head involuntarily jerked back slightly because of the direction of her gaze. Her eyes were looking right at him. He used the video recorder as a shield to cover his face while twisting away. He let several moments pass before risking another look up. Her car was gone.
He picked up his cell phone and texted Nathan: “OK for me to come up now?” “Yes” was the only reply he received. He palmed the video recorder and opened his driver’s door. His inter-com call to Nathan’s apartment resulted in the buzzing of the door only. Ski knew that his friend was not in any immediate danger but he was nonetheless eager to see him and make sure that he was alright. The elevator ride and the short walk along the hallway seemed to take a long time. He finally reached the door to Nathan’s apartment and knocked lightly.
Nathan opened the door almost right away. He saw his best friend and let out an exaggerated breath.
“Jesus, this is getting crazy, man!” Ski spoke first. Nathan gestured for Ski to come in without saying a word.
“Is the tape machine off now?” Ski inquired with a whisper.
“Yeah, we’re clear. I’m just still in shock over that little encounter. Wait ‘till you hear what she said.”
Ski followed Nathan into the living room where the tape machine was lying on the coffee table.
“Have you listened to it yet?”
“No. Let’s listen together. I’m a little worried about the quality. My balcony door was open a bit. I really hope that didn’t ruin it all.”
Both men listened intently to what had transpired. The audio did contain some street noise but the voices were clear and there was no mistaking every word.
Again, Ski spoke first. “She threatened you directly. She also implicated herself. God, she got pretty pissed-off when you first refused her. Shit.”
“Yeah, that was an ugly moment. Talk about a change in character. She came in here all smiles and tenderness. That didn’t last.”
Nathan and Ski sat on the couch, staring at the machine. Ski remembered the video recorder in his hand and said, “Wanna have a look at the footage I took?”
He turned on the machine and tilted the screen so that both of them had a good view. Ski had done well in focusing the camera and keeping Sarah in the centre of the frame. The last few seconds of her staring directly at the screen took Nathan by surprise. 
“She saw you?”
“She saw someone pointing a camera at her. That’s all. She’s never met me, so I don’t think we need to worry.” In fact, Ski wasn’t convinced himself but he wanted to sound confident at this point. Nathan seemed quite shaken up by all this activity.
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right. I hope you’re right…because this woman seems capable of anything. God, I’m so sorry that I didn’t listen to you earlier and had kept away from her.” Nathan looked despondently at his best friend.
“Don’t think about that now, Nate. Let’s just concentrate on how we can force this psycho-bitch to leave you alone. I think the big question right now is whether you should do her bidding and follow this other Niki woman around for a few days.”
“Of course, I don’t want to. But I’m afraid that this video recording, along with my tape machine, might not be enough.”
“I agree, buddy. I think you might have to go along with her request for the moment. In fact, I think the sooner we can put Sarah and Niki together the better it will be for you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, Sarah seems pretty obsessed with finding out about her husband’s little fling, right? She says that she wants to use that strange email to basically blackmail Niki, so that she will leave her husband alone. We can use this to our advantage. If the email really is evidence that Niki is involved in bringing prostitutes to Canada, then she is connected to some pretty dangerous people. Sarah is about to threaten and anger a group of organized criminals. Essentially, you and Niki are soon going to have the same goal of putting Sarah back in her place of the quiet suburban housewife; keeping her nose out of other peoples’ business.”
“So, how do we fit into all this?”
“Remember my friend George Jr. from university? He’s from Romania. Can you tell the difference between an accent from Hungary and Romania? I can’t, and I doubt Sarah can either. We get George to make a phone call to Sarah after she’s made contact with Niki about the email. He tells her in some strong language to back off. I don’t know about you, but that would scare the shit out of me. Once we have Sarah feeling frightened and vulnerable then we present our video and audio recordings that we got today to her. I would guess that all of that coming at her in the space of a few days would make anyone so scared that they would do anything to save their own skin.”
“You’re sure George would do this for me?”
“I spoke to him yesterday. He says that he’s looking forward to it. He thinks the whole thing’s a great big adventure.”
“You spoke to him already? You’re miles ahead of me on this, Ski. Thanks, man. I’m not sure if I could handle all this without you.”
Ski pointed to the tape machine and the video recorder still resting on the coffee table. “Just keep those things safe for the moment, pal. We are going to nail this crazy woman.” 
He gave Nathan an encouraging nod as he rose from the couch.

After saying their good-byes at the door, Nathan returned to his quiet living room and sat staring at the tape machine and the video recorder. He was out of his depth and so grateful for Ski’s direction and help. He decided to follow his friend’s advice and secure the two machines until they were needed again. Nathan pick-up both and headed toward his hall closet where he hid them behind his large box of sports equipment. He knew it was not a very safe location but without access to a vault, it really was his only choice.
Nathan felt better after this little operation. He told himself that all he needed to do was to follow Ski’s instructions and he might come out of this mess intact. Along this same vein, Nathan began to formulate a plan on how to follow Niki Trakberger over the next few days. He knew where she worked and where she lived. But, as Sarah had explained, neither of these locations would suffice for a meeting between the two women. He needed to find another location; a place where Niki frequented on a regular basis that Nathan could then describe to Sarah.
He couldn’t help but to still think about the women that Niki was bringing into the country to work as prostitutes. He should really be contacting the police as a way to save these women. But that could wait a few days, at least. He had to save his own skin before reaching out to save anyone else. 
Nathan looked at his watch and saw that it was noon, his usual time for lunch. However, that day he had no appetite. He needed action more than nutrients. He grabbed his van keys and cell phone. No time like the present, he said to himself. Let’s try to put these two women together and get this whole thing over with as soon as possible.

Meanwhile, Niki Trakberger was enjoying a rare Saturday off work. Her job demanded much of her time, including evenings and weekends -- but today was a real treat; a long lie-in before a leisurely breakfast, a bit of grocery shopping, and then a coffee at her favourite little place around the corner from her house. 
She hadn’t heard back from Gary in almost three days. It seemed like they were getting along well; several dinners, a visit to her office once, and he had stayed the night at her house twice. Maybe she was expecting too much from him. It was still early in the relationship. Give him some space, she thought. He had mentioned that he had moved around quite a bit over the past several years and this was the first committed, settled relationship he had had in a long time.
While Niki contemplated her burgeoning romance with Gary, she kept catching the glance of an attractive man on the other side of the coffee shop. He was being evasive; not making any move to be nearer to Niki, nor even trying to speak to her. She couldn’t help but feel slightly flattered at the attention, but also somewhat awkward considering her train of thought about Gary. 
Her coffee was finished and she was probably taking up a seat that a paying customer should have. Niki gathered her two shopping bags from her feet and prepared to leave. As she rose from her seat, she ventured a final glance at the mysterious stranger. He was gone. A sound of street traffic and a metallic click brought her eyes to the door of the coffee shop. Her admirer was on his way out and briskly walking along the sidewalk. She watched as he quickly climbed into a parked van before driving off. Another lost opportunity? Niki’s mind flew back to Gary. Maybe he had left a message on her machine at home…or possibly an email. Anything would be nice.

Nathan had taken a risk by sitting in the same coffee shop as Niki for so long. She had caught him several times looking at her. He just couldn’t help it. The memory of watching her sleep was still with him. Now he was seeing her for the first time with her eyes open and her body active. She continued to be the focus of so much talk and plans and stress for him, as well as Sarah. In addition, she could be involved in human trafficking. A person of interest for many people at the same time, without being aware of it all, it seemed. She had looked so confident and happy; not exactly the immoral criminal he believed her to be.
Considering the eye contact that had occurred in the coffee shop, Nathan decided to take a few hours off his surveillance job to reduce the chances of Niki recognizing his face anytime in the near future. He wanted her to go about her day as if all was fine. He needed to observe her routines. If she suspected she was being followed then she would probably alter whatever habits she had.
Upon returning home, Nathan realized he hadn’t eaten all day. After a sandwich and a soft drink, he was ready to resume his duties for Sarah. Their relationship had deteriorated, from an exciting fling that filled him with anticipation, to an exchange of threats. He needed to get out of this quickly. He wanted his old life back; one where he was happy and secure. 



CHAPTER 14

From the two grocery bags he had seen at Niki’s feet, Nathan surmised that she would be home now. He drove to her neighborhood and found a good parking spot from which to watch her house for movement. He had brought a flask of coffee as well a package of biscuits if he got hungry. Hours past with very little significant street activity other than the regular East Vancouver neighborhood crowd going about their business; families with dogs heading to the small, local park with Frisbees, old people walking alone, and a few young couples holding hands. 
Niki was home, though. Nathan noticed movement behind the sheer curtains of her front room. His mind imagined the layout of the house from his visit earlier. Niki drifted from her living room to the kitchen, then to her bedroom for a while – just puttering around basically. 
Nathan was struggling to stay awake, with his head slowly dipping and then snapping back up. He was sitting still with his eyes closed, about to enter one of his little mini sleeps, when the sound of a slamming car door awakened him. A new car was parked in Niki’s driveway, and a man of about thirty years old was walking confidently toward Niki’s front door. Nathan strained to see through the mass of bushes framing the veranda in front of the door. He saw the door open and then Niki stepped out a bit to embrace this new man. 
After the door closed, Nathan sat for a moment, now fully awake. Who was this guy? Sarah was convinced that Niki was having an affair with her husband Andrew. How many men was this woman sleeping with? Or was Sarah wrong in her assumption about a relationship between Niki and Andrew? Nathan shook his head to clear all these confusing thoughts. Frankly, he didn’t care at this point. He was determined to simply find a location that Sarah could find Niki to confront her. Everything else was secondary. 
Almost another hour past before Niki and the new man emerged from the house. Niki was dressed for a night on the town; high-heel shoes, a thin, silky dress with a shawl to combat the spring chill. They were arm-and-arm just during the short walk to his car. Definitely a romantic relationship. Nathan started his van and waited. He was very inexperienced at this sort of thing. On the cop shows they always followed two car lengths behind, if he remembered correctly. He guessed this was to keep a close eye on the vehicle being followed without being noticed yourself.
Niki and her boyfriend first went to dinner at a small, Greek restaurant not far from Nathan’s apartment building in the West End. Nathan’s biscuits were now gone and the smell emitting from the restaurant only ten metres away was almost driving him crazy with hunger. He kept glancing at the drug store across the street that would surely have some chips and chocolate, but he didn’t want to risk losing his targets.  
Nathan was finally rewarded when Niki and her companion left the restaurant in what seemed like a bit of a rush. They walked briskly down the road, passed the boyfriend’s parked car and turned left on Robson Street. Following people walking was even more difficult than following a car. How does one keep a car moving at the same speed as pedestrians while not drawing the ire of other drivers behind? He employed his four-way emergency flashers and hoped that no police cars were nearby. He finally saw the couple cross the road and enter a small, independent cinema house that only played one movie at a time. Tonight’s feature was a French film he hadn’t heard of. Fine, this way he could finally get something in his stomach without risking losing Niki and her friend. 
He felt much better after two slices of pepperoni pizza and a Coke. He settled back into his van and watched the amazing collection of people who frequent Vancouver’s downtown district on a Saturday evening; young couples on dates, street kids panhandling or just hanging around, and the small groups of single men and women looking for a good time, and maybe a connection, at many of the pubs and nightclubs in the area.
French films were not very long apparently. Niki and the new guy came out after less than ninety minutes. As expected, they retraced their steps toward his parked car. Nathan followed at his safe distance until they were in Niki’s East Vancouver neighborhood again. But they didn’t go directly home. Niki took her boyfriend to the coffee shop Nathan had seen her at earlier in the day. Twice in one day? When she approached the counter, Nathan noticed that she was warmly greeted by the staff. She introduced her boyfriend and handshakes occurred. She was clearly a regular customer at this little place. The perfect spot for a meeting between two people who need to settle some major issues.

 Sarah was surprised to receive Nathan’s phone call. She had asked him to follow Niki over the entire weekend and into the next week as well. Her instructions had been clear and her threat had been real. She would reveal him to the police if he didn’t fulfill her request. These thoughts raced through her mind as she looked at the call display on her cell phone.
“Hello, Nathan.” Her tone was clipped.
“Hi, Sarah. I know you asked me to follow Niki for longer but I think I might have found the right place for you two to meet. She often goes to a coffee shop near her house in East Van. She was there twice today, tomorrow is Sunday, and I imagine that you can catch her there again. I can’t guarantee anything but I’m quite sure it’s her regular hang-out away from home.”
Nathan was silent after his little spiel. He let out a long, slow stream of air after feeling the pressure in his chest from unconsciously holding his breath. He had played his part by providing Sarah with a location for her confrontation with Niki. He longed to remove himself entirely from the whole situation, but he knew that it was not all over yet.
After a cold, business-like exchange of an address and directions, the call ended as abruptly as it had began. Both Sarah and Nathan stood in each of their respective living rooms hanging on to their now inactive cell phones; Sarah imagining the actual series of words that would be required for her to convince Niki to keep away from her husband, and Nathan shaking slightly while formulating his next job in these sordid mess. He found himself waking toward his hallway closet and leaning in to confirm that his video recorder and tape machine were undisturbed.

About ten hours later, on a drizzly late Sunday morning, Sarah Hawthorne sat in the far corner of a coffee shop in East Vancouver with her laptop open and a collection of papers beside her. She wasn’t sure long she would have to wait, so she wanted to blend in and seem busy to justify her length of stay. Niki Trakberger’s small face with brownish-blonde hair occupied her mind’s eye as she attempted to appear engrossed in her computer. Under closer inspection, she was actually glancing toward the door quite often and no web pages or documents were actually being scanned.
Sarah had to admit to herself that she felt nervous. She was about to accuse her husband’s lover of being a player in an international human trafficking ring before using that information to blackmail her into leaving town. This was like something from a spy movie. But she was really there, papers ready and conversation rehearsed. The caffeine racing through her bloodstream from the two cups of Arabian brew were not helping her at all. She glanced at her watch and calculated that she had been occupying the seat for close to two hours. She felt her stomach grumble from a lack of breakfast. A muffin. Yeah, a muffin would help to settle her stomach and also serve to placate the staff who had been looking over at her more frequently. The coffee shop was almost completely full now, and she needed to account for taking up a seat. 
She rose and walked casually toward the counter, deciding on a wholegrain muffin along the way. She needed all the nutrients she could get for this little endeavor. The staff had been well-trained to always be friendly to paying customers, and they did just that. As she pocketed her change and was about to head back to her seat, Niki walked in the door.
 Sarah initially froze with shock. She simply stared at Niki for a few seconds until her mind caught up with her emotions. Sarah slid to the side slightly so she blocked herself from Niki’s view. The staff had forgotten about Sarah and now gave their full attention to Niki. Genuine smiles and ‘good –mornings’ were traded all around. Nathan was right. She certainly was a regular customer. Sarah waited until Niki had received her coffee and danish, and was scanning the room for an empty chair. Sarah stepped out from behind her hiding place and smiled broadly at her enemy.
“Niki! Hello! What a nice surprise. Would you like to join me? I’m just over there.” Sarah pointed to her small table with her laptop humming and the neat pile of papers and folders. “I have an extra chair.”
“Oh, Ms. Hawthorne! You surprised me. I didn’t expect to see you here. I thought you and Andrew lived up in North Van.”
“I bet you know a lot more about my husband than you are willing to admit”, Sarah thought to herself while smiling at Niki in the warmest way she could muster. 
“Come on over, Niki. I’ll tell you all about it.” Sarah gently touched Niki’s elbow to guide her toward her table. Niki innocently complied out of curiosity as much as courtesy.  
They both sat down and settled into their seats. Niki glanced around the rest of the coffee shop and remarked, “It’s usually not this busy on a Sunday morning. I think I would have had to either sit with a stranger or ask for my coffee in a to-go cup if you had not rescued me.” The two women locked eyes with each other for a brief moment. It was then that Sarah decided to dispense with all this small talk and tell Niki why she was here this morning.
Sarah’s response to Niki’s observation about the busy coffee shop was to open the folder that had remained near her elbow for more than two hours. It contained six sheets of paper. The top page was the printed email from Niki’s East European contact regarding the arrival times of the five women. The remaining pages were the bio information, with pictures, of the young women. Sarah tuned the folder around so that Niki could see clearly.
Niki’s face went from friendly to confused in a less than a second. Niki recognized the sender and the subject of the email. She remembered this particular email from not so long ago, as well as her reply. She flipped through the attachment print-outs just to confirm what she had already studied before. Her heart was racing as she tried to take it all in.
“Where did you get this?” Niki leaned in and whispered to Sarah in a voice that reveled shock and bewilderment. 
“Don’t worry about where I got this. What you need to worry about right now is the fact that I know about your involvement in this prostitution thing. And I can take this information to the police at any time. I also know about your affair with my husband. Listen carefully to what I’m about to say. You will leave my husband alone. You will quit your job and move out of the city. If you don’t do these two things in a reasonable amount of time I will take this information to the police and you will become the subject of an official investigation. Have I made myself clear?”
Sarah mouth was twisted, her eyes burned into Niki’s, and her body language revealed a tension that was impossible to ignore. Niki sat in stunned silence, afraid and mystified at that same time. Her professional demeanor luckily kicked in and she calmly responded to Sarah’s accusations and threats.
“Ms. Hawthorne, now I want you to listen closely to me. That email you have obtained, clearly in some kind of illegal manner, is an information report of five women from Prague in the Czech Republic who will be arriving in Vancouver over the next few months to prepare for the beginning of their post-graduate work at the University of British Columbia. They are not prostitutes. I am an immigration lawyer at your husband’s firm. My job is to assist non-Canadians with their entrance and visa requirements for staying in Canada. And as far as things with your husband go, I am not having an affair with him. We barely know each other. Occasionally we speak about legal matters pertaining to our work, but that is the limit of our relationship. You are delusional, Ms. Hawthorne.” 
All this time, both women had been sitting forward in their seats, keeping their voices low and controlled. After Niki had explained the email and the limited relationship between herself and Andrew Hawthorne, Sarah finally sat back and shook her head while grinning knowingly.
“I expected that you would deny all of this - nothing less from a dishonest criminal. People like you cannot be trusted to tell the truth. I am leaving now to confront my husband with all the same evidence. You would be wise to start panning your new life, Niki.”
Sarah closed her laptop and then gathered her documents. She gave Niki Trakberger one more intense stare, raised her eyebrows in a thinly-guised gesture of contempt, and then walked out the door. 

CHAPTER 15

Less than forty minutes after Sarah had left Niki, she walked through the front door of her own house. Andrew was enjoying his day off by watching some NBA basketball on the T.V. He was in his favourite reclining chair with a bottle of beer at his side, along with some salted peanuts.
“Hey, Honey! Where have you been? I slept in late and you were gone by the time I got up. Did you go to your gym?” Andrew was in a good mood, relishing his first beer and watching his team win against their rivals.
“Have you received any phone calls over the past hour, Andrew?” Sarah’s tone was curt and unfriendly. Her mind and emotions were still racing after her conversation with Niki. She needed to check whether Niki had contacted Andrew to warn him of her arrival and knowledge of their affair.
“No. Nothing. What’s wrong? You seem upset.”
“Give me your phone.”
“Why?... Sarah, what’s this all about?”
Sarah did not answer but quickly walked into their sunken family room and snatched up Andrew’s phone. She accessed the call log as well as the text records to check for contact from any number during the time she left Niki in East Vancouver and arriving at home. She found nothing. Niki was not even bright enough to warn her lover. Maybe she had finally come to realize the power of Sarah’s knowledge and was even now beginning to sever connections to her current life.
Sarah placed her laptop bag, with the printed documents inside, on the coffee table and then turned off the television with the remote control that rested on Andrew’s armchair.  Andrew sat in dumb silence as he watched his wife of over nine years act in this strange manner. Sarah caught her breath for moment, wiped her brow and then focused her eyes on to her husband’s.
“Andrew, I know about your affair with Niki from your office, and you should know that she is involved in bringing in women to Canada for prostitution. I met her this morning and confronted her with this.” Sarah then took out the folder and opened it in front of her husband. Andrew continued to stare at Sarah for a few more seconds before he looked down at what she was presenting to him. As a lawyer, he had long ago learned that documents should be read slowly and carefully so that the full message, and all the details, can be fully absorbed. He did just that, and did not look up at his wife for several minutes. Sarah kept watching him for signs of panic until he finally finished perusing the last bio page. He calmly arranged the pages back in their proper order before placing them in the folder. At last, he looked back at his wife.
“Sarah, this all comes as a huge surprise. To start, I can assure that I am not having any kind of affair with anybody – let alone Niki Trakberger. I hardly know the woman. We speak occasionally...that’s all. And as far as what I’ve seen in these pages, they make perfect sense. Niki specializes in immigration law. Foreign clients pay our firm big money to have Niki guide them through all the legal requirements for entrance into Canada. This is her job. It has nothing to do with prostitution.”
Sarah sat back in the couch and tried to process what she had just heard. Andrew had essentially just repeated what Niki had told her. Could this be some kind of conspiracy? No, because Niki did not contact Andrew during the time she was driving home. Sarah couldn’t help but conclude that they were both telling the truth about the five women. She momentarily felt like a fool for accusing her husband’s colleague of illegal activity. But this still did not clear up the affair. 
“Maybe what you say about Niki’s job is true, Andrew. But I know for a fact that you are having sex with that woman. I heard you talking to her late one night, not so long ago, laughing and having a grand old time. I traced your phone call the next evening, so don’t even try to deny it! I also smelt a woman’s perfume on your shirt the next morning. Explain that!” Sarah’s anger began to grow again.
Andrew rose from his seat and walked out of the living to go upstairs. Sarah watched him leave and yelled at his back, “Do not walk away from me. I have a right to know what’s going on!”
Andrew did not respond. He disappeared only for a moment before returning down the stairs, holding a wrapped gift. He sat down on the couch beside his wife and gave her the small box.
“Please open this, Sarah. It’s a gift for you that I bought a while back. Sorry that I didn’t give it to you earlier but you have seemed so busy and preoccupied over the past few weeks. Our schedules just didn’t match up. Go ahead, open it.”
Sarah held the beautifully-wrapped gift in her hands, blinking repeatedly in her confusion. Andrew nodded at the box in her hands to encourage her again to open it. The paper came away easily, and in her hands was a bottle of expensive perfume.
“Spray some on your wrist to see if you like it.” 
Sarah was acting as if in a dream, blindly following Andrew’s instructions. She sprayed the perfume on her wrist and took a deep sniff.
“That’s the same smell that was on your clothes.” Sarah was surprised but Andrew remained non-pulsed. 
“Yes. The woman behind the sales counter was a bit careless in her enthusiasm, and some of it must have gotten on my shirt. The phone call you heard that night was from Niki. I remember it now. She called me to ask me about a case I have been working on. The laughter? I can’t recall. People who work together sometimes laugh. It happens.”
Sarah closed her eyes as they began to fill with tears of shame. God, what had she done? Her husband was not unfaithful. Niki was only just doing her job and was not some kind of international human trafficker. She felt like an idiot. She had embarrassed her husband professionally. He would now have to apologize to Niki for her actions. Also, she had accused Andrew of sleeping with another woman. Would he ever forgive her?
“Oh, Darling! I don’t know what to say. I’ve been so stupid. This is terrible. I’m terrible!” Sarah pleaded.
“How could you have thought I was having an affair, Sarah? I love you so much. I’ve always loved you, and only you.”
Sarah shifted over to hug her husband but he moved away. She was hurt by his rejection but understood his feelings for her right now. It would take a long time for a breach of trust like this to be repaired.

The rest of that Sunday Andrew and Sarah occupied the same house, and occupied each other’s thoughts, but they did not connect in any other way. They eventually went to sleep but without their customary good-night kiss. The next morning saw Andrew rise at his regular weekday time and leave the house without waking Sarah. He wouldn’t have needed to. She barely slept during the night; awake until after one p.m. and then only had short, fitful sleeps until she heard Andrew’s alarm. At that point she stayed completely still with her eyes closed in an attempt to feign sleep. 
Her shame was deep and all-encompassing. She re-played all the events that had transpired over the past day, as well as the events over the past few weeks; including her relationship with Nathan. Should she confess this final humiliation? Should she come completely clean with Andrew? Maybe it would be a chance for them to start again. A chance for them to return to the early years of their marriage when the passions were strong. But how could she expect her husband to forgive all that she had done regarding her actions with Niki and her claim that he was having an affair, as well as forgive her for sleeping with another man. It was too much. 
Sarah rose from bed as soon as she heard Andrew’s car start and then back out of the driveway. Her morning routine did not give her any anticipation of the day’s events. She would call in sick to the school for this afternoon’s session. Her heart was just not up to the sometimes emotional task of working with the students with special needs. She had her own special needs today. Sarah also thought of her friends that she had ignored over the past few weeks. Unreturned phone messages. Emails waiting to be read. She had been obsessed with Nathan and getting him to help her separate two people who were, in fact, minimally aware of each other.
She made herself a light breakfast and some strong coffee. Rosemarie would not be arriving for another two hours so Sarah could indulge in a little self-loathing for a while before she had to present a brave face to her housekeeper. The doorbell startled her. She looked up at the kitchen wall clock and wondered who would be visiting her at this time in the morning. Probably some of those pesky Jehovah Witnesses, or someone like that. A vacuum salesman? 
She opened her front door and saw that it was Nathan. He didn’t greet her or wait to be invited in. He confidently pushed the door further open and walked right into her foyer. 
“We need to talk. Let’s go sit down. I have some things to show you.” Nathan was transformed. He exuded a sense of aggression that she had never seen before. Her spirit was so disheartened that she simply followed him to the kitchen island where he began to unpack a bag that she hadn’t noticed at first. He placed a tape machine and the video recorder that she bought him on the raised table. Neither of them bothered to sit down. This was not going to be a cordial meeting.
Nathan began. “I watched you meet with Niki yesterday morning. I was in my van, parked across the street. Although I couldn’t hear what was said, I imagine that you presented her with the email that I stole from her laptop. What did she have to say about that?”
“Nathan, I don’t feel like talking about this right now. I didn’t invite you here today and I would like you to leave.”
“What you feel like doing right now is not important to me, Sarah. Answer my question. What did she say to you?” Nathan’s attitude was slightly false as he did not really feel that confident or in-control, but he wanted to give that impression. His main concern was that if Niki had been involved with a criminal element then he wanted to be as far away from this situation as possible. 
“If you must know, she denied it and explained that the email was a natural and legitimate part of her role as an immigration lawyer with Andrew’s firm. I later spoke with Andrew and he confirmed what Niki said. We were wrong about the prostitution ring.”
Nathan couldn’t help expressing his relief by making a small blowing noise from his mouth. He visibly relaxed and leaned against the kitchen island. However, he knew that his job was just beginning. Now that the danger of Niki’s criminal acquaintances had been nullified, he focused on his separation and distance from Sarah. He first picked up the tape machine and pressed PLAY. Sarah clearly heard her own voice as she remembered it during her last visit to see Nathan, when she threatened to contact the police about his voyeuristic activities if he didn’t follow her instructions about discovering Niki’s routines.
“You taped me? What’s this all about, Nathan?”
“Not only did I tape your voice, Sarah. You were also filmed by my friend who was outside the building.”Nathan then turned on the video recorder and showed Sarah the footage of her approaching and leaving Nathan’s apartment building. There was a date and time stamp on the screen, as well as the name and address of the building in clear focus. The last few seconds of her looking directly at the camera jogged her memory.
“I remember that guy in the old car, across the street. You set that up? He was there to film me? Why? This is too strange, Nathan. Tell me what’s going on.”
“What’s going on, Sarah, is that I am now turning the tables. You have been manipulating me from the beginning. Now I am taking back the power. This evidence has been copied and is in a safe place. I have instructed my friend to bring it forward to the police of you ever try to contact the authorities to report my late-night habits. In other words, if you take me down then I will take you down with me!”
Sarah stood facing Nathan, unsure of how to respond. Over the past twenty-four hours, her entire world had crashed in all around her. Her husband was deeply disappointed with her, and now her lover was making it very clear that he wanted nothing more to do with her. She felt weak, over-whelmed, and physically ill. She had to sit down before she lost her balance. 
Nathan watched her basically disintegrate in front of his eyes. He couldn’t help but feel a little bit of pity for her. But not enough to back down. He gathered all his equipment and stored it safely back into his bag. Sarah continued to sit silently, just looking down at the floor. He walked toward the door without saying another word. Sarah did not follow him, nor did she try to say anything in her own defense. Nathan opened the door to the house that he had been once very excited to visit, but that now held nothing but bitter memories for him. He stepped out into the fresh, spring morning air and then slammed the door behind him in a gesture of dismissal. It was finally over.
He drove his van with care through the quiet suburban streets with a contented grin on his face. At a stop-light, he took the time to call Ski.
“Hey, buddy. I don’t think we need to worry about Ms. Sarah Hawthorne anymore. Wanna go for a beer at lunch-time?”
“Absolutely, Nate! A celebration is certainly in order.”



THE END

Thank-you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to
leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Thanks!
Neil James MacRaild

I am a forty-five year old English teacher, currently working for an international school in Jakarta, Indonesia. I was born in Scotland and raised in Toronto, Canada.

