"Sensuous, swift, full of sparkling twists, [Daugharty's] is a voice so rich that a single page can be thrilling." New York Times Book Review, 1995




Massacre at Moniac Crossing

A Novel
By
Janice Daugharty






www.janicedaugharty.com
Cover art by Wes Sewell








There was a danger whenever I was on home ground. It was the danger of seeing my life through someone else's eyes-comparing it, even, with the rich domesticity of others, their pileup production of hand-knitted garments and buttery cakes. Of seeing my own work as ever-increasing rolls of inky-black barbed wire-intricate, bewildering, uncomforting. So that it might become harder to say that writing was worth the trouble.
Alice Munro












PROLOGUE


The Folkston Recorder
July 10, 1977
The Inside on the 1904 Rebellion at Moniac Crossing
By
Claude Miller


With the exception of one Mrs. Randolph Harrell, of Moniac, Georgia, most of the main participants in the following event have long ago died out, moved away, or refused to talk about that mad Sunday in which their plowshares were beaten into swords, so to speak. For those remaining, who I was unable to interview, for whatever reason, please know that this story is not intended to sensationalize private matters, to revive your pain, or to accuse unjustly. I've written this with only the best intention and that intention is solely for the sake of history and truth, though I admit to having been overly curious about what really happened that fateful evening of September 16, 1904, at Moniac Crossing. 
Early on that clear, hot Sunday morning, most of the residents of the remote Southeast-Georgia turpentine community gathered at the Moniac Crossing depot to catch a train to St. Augustine, Florida. Moniac is located on the straight-away of that Georgia jog into North Florida, neither here nor there, but on the southeastern corner of the Okefenokee Swamp. Go west about a quarter mile out of Moniac and you are in the twin community of Baxter, in Florida. Go east and you will cross a bridge over a wide bog where Georgia feeds out into Florida again-scrub oaks, pines and palmettos thriving in flatwoods muck-then the sandy East Coast and the Atlantic Ocean. 
For many of the hardworking gentlefolk of Moniac it was church-day, so those pious few who couldn't get around their consciences stayed home. The occasion was a day excursion, for blacks and whites, in the "sun and fun capital," as St. Augustine was known back then, at the expense and invitation of Nathan Shirley, a wealthy, shrewd, but by certain accounts, unscrupulous turpentine man who moved to Moniac from Macon at the turn of the century. 
According to Mrs. Harrell, Shirley had laid claim, by hook or crook, to a major portion of the turpentine and timberland in the area, and before long just about everybody in the county, black and white, was indebted to him; just about everybody, black and white, was working for him. Like others Shirley gained power, earning the title of "bossman," or "gov'nor," only by merit of his swagger and bluster, plus having the most cash, cattle, and men. 
Local cattlemen would claim an area of woods for his hog and cow range. That range belonged to the landowner but it was the duty of the cattleman claiming the range to burn off the wiregrass each winter, to tend the area in general. In return for using the woodlands he might pay off the landowner with cash or provide him with a beef to butcher each year. Farms and yards were fenced to keep livestock out, rather than in. It was the farmer's fault if somebody else's cows or hogs got in and ate his crops; it was his responsibility to keep up his fences. Under these guidelines, the Open Range Law worked to the advantage of all. But Nathan Shirley's philosophy was that if cows and hogs ranged on his land they were his, regardless who they had previously belonged to. 
"When he came to Charlton County, he brought enough men to take by force what he couldn't buy, then sweet-talked a number of us into believing it was for our own good," said Mrs. Harrell. He was never stingy with the poor but resourceful residents of the turpentine community, according to Mrs. Harrell, whose very home places Shirley came to own. But in return for his generosity he demanded respect, and as Mrs. Harrell pointed out, respect couldn't be bought. Nathan Shirley would settle for awe and the utmost loyalty, "to his face, at least." This gift trip to St. Augustine on that long-ago bloody Sunday would likewise provide Shirley with a local audience to witness and carry home the image of him boarding a yacht owned by one of his rich merchant friends in St. Augustine. 
None of those who loaded up on the small steam-powered passenger train, belonging to the Georgia Southern & Florida Railroad, could have known that when they arrived home that night at Moniac Crossing, they would have fallen heir and witness to the most terrifying and soul-revealing experience of their lives, their own Civil War reincarnate.

CHAPTER 1

What stood out in Merry Gay Rose's mind when they boarded the train to St. Augustine that morning were the church bells ringing and the birds singing and the same dozen or so cows that came up to the commissary from the woods every sundown still lazing in the leaning shade of the big white oak. Flies buzzed over them, and the added warmth of their milk-rich breath might have been fueled from burped cuds of grass taking on their body heat in the process of passing from one stomach to the other. Truth or myth, standing, the cows looked ribby and poor, but lying with their polished hooves tucked, they appeared to have more than one belly, all spread on the scarffed gray dirt like pen-fed beef. 
But those were the same things Merry Gay would notice on any Sunday morning at Moniac Crossing-not the odd things. The oddest being the fool shoes her mother Bernice was wearing as she stepped up on the coach connector ahead of Merry Gay. Almost as odd was the scary, unreal fact of taking a train to some faraway place to sing, not to mention singing for Nate Shirley, whom she despised for his hooking and crooking her family and the other old families of Moniac. He even took pride in having cheated the town out of its land by manipulating titles and plot lines, by becoming the town banker and calling loans at every opportunity.
And the queen-mother of pride: his own mother, the picky, famished-looking Miss Moxie, now approaching the ladies' coach a few steps ahead of her lately appointed servant Bernice-cherished widow of the dethroned Great Hoss Rose. Always one for putting on airs, Miss Moxie was sliding one long bony hand with her white handkerchief along the cage railing. She was dressed all in black and her hair was so black it looked indigo in the daylight. 
So, why was Merry Gay on this train bound for St. Augustine this morning? To sing, to play? Maybe because Nate Shirley had insisted and like everybody else at Moniac Crossing she found it easier to go along with him than to refuse; and too the trip was free, the only payback in the offing from the man who owed them.
Merry Gay stepped left off the creaking iron grate covering the car couplings and through the door to the stifling ladies' coach, which smelled of rank bodies and stale lavender water and the hot wooly upholstery of the high-back seats.  The coach was already packed with fanning women in a church-day profusion of plain, feathered and flowered hats. They were jabbering and cackling with their handbags and wicker snack baskets on their laps. Children squealed and chased from one end of the coach to the other, despite their mothers' scolding. One solemn little boy in knee britches, seated on the left side of the aisle near the entrance, was opening and closing his dirty hand on a buckeye fruit kept in his pocket for luck. The highlight of sunrays through the east window shone across the buckeye to the floor and the jewels on the shoes Bernice was breaking in for Miss Moxie. 
Bernice had to ask the two women on the shady right side of the coach, four rows back, to please let Mrs. Moxie sit there, out of the sun. Her pale tender skin blistered with the least little exposure. Merry Gay, behind her mother, could tell she didn't like asking the other women to move, which amounted to the same thing as telling them to move, but neither did she like being paid companion to a Methodist snob and her a plain old Baptist.
When Bernice had Miss Moxie settled in next to the window, breathing into her lilac-scented handkerchief, she sat too, clearing the aisle for Merry Gay and Nathan Shirley's granddaughter, Priss, and the other women and children filing into the coach behind them. Merry Gay had sidled into the side by side seats across from her mother. She sat next to the sun-filled window overlooking the freight-loading platform of the depot. 
Two giggling girls about Priss's age shuffled along the isle, sliding their feet and pumping their fists, making choo choo sounds with their mouths. Priss shook her blond head at such silliness. Sounds of other feet scuffing on the iron floor, much laughing and a random baby crying somewhere, melded into the high whine of locusts, the church bells, and the sighing steam of the boiler at the head of the resting train, just in from Valdosta. The chemical odor of sun-leached creosote from the cross of the tracks, along with the wood-smoke and steam-heat, rode the air through the window. Merry Gay had to bat her eyes against the strong light and grit.  
Priss, twelve and tall for her age, sat next to Merry Gay.  She had followed Merry Gay about all that summer, the older girl helping Priss search for lost treasures, braiding Priss's long flaxen hair and stringing edible necklaces of the wild berries growing in the swamps and woods where their living came from, where the trains came from. A big sister/ little sister relationship had formed after Merry Gay had gotten over trying to supplant her adopted sister Tommy, who'd recently married one of her own race and moved across the tracks to live among the Negroes. It had taken some time for Merry Gay to get used to Tommy changing races and households. It had taken more time for Merry Gay to get beyond viewing Priss as a Shirley and a pest. 
Trouble with the Shirleys was always festering, largely unsaid but about to erupt. Priss was never looked on as one of them though. She was just Priss-happy-go-lucky sprite, child of Moniac Crossing-by the grace of God, one-of-us. There was nobody who didn't love her. There was nobody who didn't either question or mourn her Shirley bond and blood: Priss loved them all, her family, spoke well of them all, except for Miss Moxie. Even warped Jay was "Uncle Jay," a joke, but a good one. Priss didn't understand how vile he was; she didn't need to. He was a blood Shirley, one of them and none of them, same as Priss.
Outside, Nate Shirley, Priss's daddy Wendall, and her uncle Jay stood aside from the separate throngs of white and Negro hands. All in their dark Sunday suits and hats and waiting till last to board in the smoking car, which they would share with the smokers of a baseball team from Macon, plus the Negro turpentine hands, and the white hands who smoked, all the way to St. Augustine, two hours away.
Merry Gay's grown brothers and a buddy, definite smokers, elbowed through the crowd and swung up onto the connector between the ladies' coach and the smoking car. Merry Gay could tell they'd been nipping already by the way they had bolted up the steps, grinning and gawking, daring any of the men on the platform, or the conductor, to suggest they wait their turn to board.
Buck, the oldest, stopped in the doorway of the ladies' coach, slim hips cocked and holding to the frame each side. He had clipper-cut brown hair-compliments to Mama!-and eyes the color of iron rust. He was tall and angular with stringy muscles showing below the rolled sleeves of his blue shirt. Women ran after him, and men ran from him; and with each fight over him or with him, he seemed to feel a little closer to his goal-King of the Mountain, or, in this case, the highest hill in the flatwoods of Charlton County. But mostly Buck just drank and cut the fool and to hell with what anybody thought. Including Mama. 
He idled along the aisle, grinning, till he got to the single empty seat in front of Bernice. He plopped down, worn work boots in the aisle and long arm crooked on the seat-back behind him.
Speaking low and for her ears only, he said, "You wouldn't happen to have a little cash on you, would you, Mama?" 
Merry Gay could smell whiskey on his breath from where she was sitting, next row over by the window.
Bernice's blue eyes blinked, her smile stretched. "Well, I?"
"If I were you, Bernice, which I'm not," Miss Moxie started, "I wouldn't give him a dime for more whiskey. Mark my word, you'll wish you hadn't."
Buck ignored her.
Bernice flashed her signature all-purpose smile at Miss Moxie; then, stringy blond head atremble, she began digging in the dingy white crocheted purse on her lap. 
"Fifty cent, a dollar," Buck said low again. "Whatever you can let me have."
Bernice took her tiny black change purse from her bigger purse, like mama and baby purses.
"I wouldn't if I was you," Miss Moxie said and dabbed at her sharp face with her handkerchief, "which I'm not. Be trouble before the day is over if you do, mark my word."
"Well, I?" Bernice stared at the woman's hawk profile. She snapped open her change purse and pinched a quarter and placed it in Buck's open palm.
He kept it open. "I was kind of looking for some cash," he said out of the corner of his mouth. "Pay you back end of the week."
"If I were you, Bernice," Miss Moxie said loud.
"WHICH YOU'RE NOT," Buck said louder and stood.
Bernice stood, pushing at his narrow back while he shuffled toward the door, glaring around at Miss Moxie, now mortified and showing it by jacking her head toward the window as if to deny him her face.
At the door, he balked. Staring down at Bernice's feet. "Mama, you look like a whore in them shoes."
"Buck!" Merry Gay scolded. 
A woman in the back of the coach laughed. Somebody else gasped. Priss slunk low in her seat, elbowing Merry Gay. 
Bernice faced them all, smiling with her head atremble as she made her way back to her seat. "Them boys," she said, "if they ain't a mess!"
Merry Gay had long ago learned to separate herself from her troublesome brothers, emotionally at least. Besides she had other things on her mind. She had never been to St. Augustine before, had never been on a yacht. She felt light-headed and swarmy-eyed from the heat, and edgy about singing for Nathan Shirley's bigshot friends, about singing in general for the first time in over a year. 
The last time she'd sung had been at Tommy's wedding, about a month before her daddy died of a heart attack. Losing them both, so close together, had come as a jolt. A sudden silence, their absence, had somehow pervaded her soul. Her singing spirit withered, her voice dried up. Her mother still got up in the morning and milked the cow and made the beds and cooked and cleaned without a snag in her stride, same as always. But Merry Gay felt stuck, waiting, longing for life the way it was. Only then could she sing again.
Fear like hot water washed over her. She should get up and leave the train now. She felt sick with embarrassment imagining trying to sing for Nate Shirley and his friends. 
She scanned for Tommy and her husband Will among the Negroes on the freight-loading platform of the commissary. When Tommy got there everything would be fine. Priss could move across the aisle, to the seat ahead of Bernice, and Tommy could sit next to Merry Gay. They would whisper and laugh, like in the old days, like they still did sometimes when they got together. Nothing had really changed.
The commissary, which served as depot and post office, as well as meeting place for the community, was a boxy white two-story building with a spindled rail balcony on the second floor. The Masonic emblem, a raised square and compass on the gable face, was all that remained of the local order after Nate Shirley closed them down. Not that he had to have an excuse for doing anything, but he claimed to have needed the big room upstairs where the Masons usually met to house his newly hired men without families (mixing was a sure recipe for trouble among the husbands and wives).
 As if in atonement for his pulling rank on the Masons, or maybe to placate the whole community as well as show off his patriotism, Nate Shirley had stuck an American flag above the Masonic emblem and it now whipped like a kite against the blue sky. 
Canvas bags of incoming mail were tossed from the train each morning and bags of out-going mail were scooped up with hoops from where they had been hung on a tall pole. Passenger trains stopped only when there were passengers to pick up; freight trains regularly stopped for shipments of distilled turpentine, tar, and pitch barreled and bound for the big naval store yard in Jacksonville, Florida. They stopped for the stacks of squared-off crossties and the mounds of peeled wood poles to be loaded on boxcars.
The Negroes waiting that Sunday morning were the same men who hauled and hewed the crossties from trees, who chipped boxes and dipped gum and mended the iron hoops holding the wooden staves in place on the gum barrels; the same men who hauled the raw pine gum or resin to the nearest fire still to be distilled into spirits of turpentine. They looked strange dressed up at the commissary, almost on level ground with the white men they worked for or alongside, except that the white men wore holstered pistols about their waists and the Negroes did not. 
Tall in a tall black hat, Will spotted Merry Gay in the window and waved.
She stuck her head out, blond hair fanning in the gusting steam of the train. "Hey, Will, where's Tommy?"
He framed his full pink mouth with his hands. "Yonder, cross the tracks." He pointed east. 
Tommy was just sitting in the Shirley's wagon, lead-lines in her small hands, watching the crowd gathered at the depot. She had on a white blouse and her long black hair was caught back in a white ribbon on her neck. She looked small and alone, distanced, even before she shook the horse into a trot, wagon and rider weaving into the sun-flecked shade of oaks along the lane. 
"Where's she going?" Merry Gay called out to Will.
"She haf to go over to Fargo for the doc for Miss Wanda."
"Oh, that's right. I forgot, the baby's sick." Merry Gay had known that the little Shirley baby, belonging to Nate and his young second wife, was sick, but didn't see why Tommy, who kept house for them, had to be the one to go for the doctor and miss the train trip to St. Augustine. 
She drew her head inside and hung it the way Will did everyday when he saw her.  She was afraid to look out again. What if she'd started a fight? She bit her bottom lip. It wasn't as if she was that friendly with Will usually; he was a Negro man, she was a white woman. Too many people at Moniac Crossing, even knowing the circumstances of Tommy's birth, upbringing and marriage, would still view Will and Merry Gay as being suspiciously friendly. If not for the excitement of the trip, Merry Gay knew Will would never have waved and shouted at her. It was like seeing an enemy in a strange town and the surprise encounter causing him or her to seem like an old friend. Not that Will was an enemy, but he would always be a stranger by virtue of race. She and Tommy had talked about it and decided there was nothing to be done about it. 
Priss, who was wrenched round in her seat, talking to one of the other girls, spoke back over her shoulder to Merry Gay. "I forgot. Tommy said to tell you not to look for her on the train this morning." 
"I saw her yesterday. Why didn't she tell me?"
Priss shrugged her shoulders, sat straight in the seat. She looked magnified in the sun, too blond and too bright-eyed. "I guess she thought you wouldn't go without her. I guess." She looked down at her small boneless hands on the lap of her white linen dress.
"Is that why you didn't tell me either?" Merry Gay was a little miffed at both of them. "You thought I wouldn't go?"
"I guess."
Merry Gay spoke louder, sharper. "Well, I'm here. Tommy doesn't have to hold my hand everywhere I go."
In that clear instant voice, and not even batting her blue eyes, Priss said, "We can hold hands if you want to." Then she flashed a shy smile, babyish suddenly, and held out her right hand.
Merry Gay laughed. "That's not what I meant, silly."
"That old croup again," Miss Moxie across the aisle said to Bernice. "I do hope that colored gal doesn't get off and forget the way back and that baby ailing."
"Tommy?" Bernice said. Not really a question but a comment.
The Roses had raised Tommy after her mother Nancy died in childbirth. Bernice had wet-nursed Tommy, just as Nancy had wet-nursed Bernice's two boys. Then she had kept Tommy to raise with her one-week older Merry Gay, until Tommy turned fifteen and married Will Thomas. Nancy and Bernice had delivered each other's babies-six among them, two boys for Bernice and four girls for Nancy. The two women had grown up together in Moniac, on the white side of the tracks. Finally Bernice had a girl, Merry Gay; a week later, Nancy who had all girls birthed another girl. On her birth-bed, deathbed, Nancy asked was it another girl and Bernice lied, knowing that Nancy had started hemorrhaging and the bleeding would stop only after her limp, clammy body was drained; Bernice said no, it's a boy. At last Nancy had birthed a boy. With her final breath, she said, "Name him Tommy, after my sweet old uncle, bless his soul." 
At first, Merry Gay's daddy, Hoss Rose, and her brothers, hadn't agreed for the little Negro girl to stay. But Tommy's daddy and four sisters had moved on with one of the sawmill crews, not even stopping off at the Rose house to say good-bye. Then Hoss and the boys grew to love the tiny pale big-haired girl, teasing that she got that white skin from nursing Bernice, whose cream had finally come down.
But Merry Gay had been witness to the breaking of the Great Hoss Rose's heart and consequently his falling in love with Tommy. Merry Gay had the measles and Bernice had sentenced her to what she called the measles room, the small barely-used middle room, right side of the hall. Burlap sheeting over the single window and Merry Gay feverish and itching and red-speckled as her brothers when they caught red bugs in the woods. She was daresome to touch the rough brown screen of burlap for a bit of light and to ease her boredom, to even rise from the iron-steaded bed. But she could hear her daddy's boots tromping up the hall, past the parlor on the left, then backing up as if testing the floor for weak joists. 
From what Merry Gay gathered from where she lay, and was later told by her daddy, he had seen tiny Tommy in a gray sack shift sitting on the cold hearth in the parlor, tears running down her face. Sad-eyed, soot-smudged, lonesome. Neither spoke. He crossed the room and squatted before her, a white giant and her so small she could have been a fairy hatched from the brick chinking. 
"You miss your sister, don't you?" he said finally.
She only nodded, black eyes wide and shimmering with tears.
He lifted her under the arms and placed her chest to his chest, head on his shoulder and her bare feet dangling like a crane's at his waist. Rocking her as he walked and her sniveling, burying her face in his neck as if by hiding her eyes Bernice in the kitchen, should she walk out to the hall, couldn't see her. 
At the middle room on the right, Hoss opened the door easy to the sick-room light, shushing Merry Gay now sitting up in bed and watching. He tipped-toed over and lay Tommy on the other side of the bed, pulling the covers from beneath her, then over her stiffened body. 
All hell broke loose when Bernice caught him tiptoeing out of the room and, just before he closed the door, saw Tommy in the bed with Merry Gay, one speckled as a fawn and the other too light-skinned to be flesh and blood, much less legally Colored.  
He stood before the door. Merry Gay and Tommy could see the knob twisting, while Bernice bawled him out for deliberately exposing Tommy to the measles, after all her hard efforts to keep them apart. 
Eyeing each other with their arms crossed on the pulled-up covers, the two girls listened and smiled. "Little thing was bound to get the measles by and by," Hoss said, "and there's worse things, if you ask me."
"I'm not asking," Bernice shouted. "Now get on back over there to the commissary and tend to your own business."
Neither had Bernice asked permission to keep Tommy after she was weaned. In fact Bernice seemed not even to know that she had made a decision to keep the child. One day simply led into another and who was counting, days or children, anyway? Keeping the baby was the right thing to do, the practical thing to do. And neither Bernice nor Nancy could afford to be anything but practical.
Merry Gay often wondered whether Tommy would have been as welcomed by her daddy and the boys if not for that white skin inherited from Nancy, who left a legacy for her daughter as having had a grade of resin named after her. XX, or extra clearest, was purist and brought the best price; W.W. grade, or water-white, was the next best grade, followed by W.G., or window-glass; then the lowest grade of filmy pale resin, "light as Nancy McCall's complexion." Not worth a dime, the label, and really not meant to flatter, not even meant to draw attention to the Negro woman's light skin but as a handy analogy. 
If anybody had been figuring bloodlines, they would have found that Nancy was part Creek Indian and Bernice was her own blood kin, give or take a dram or two. But the point was, as far as Bernice was concerned, that the whole blood business didn't make much sense. Seeing as how it had to do with how much or how little pigment, how dark or how light, that placed you here or there and made you a grade more or less valuable, like resin. She just loved Nancy and Nancy loved her and the two of them together lightened the load of raising their separate families. One husband being light and the other dark was what had placed them on opposite sides of the tracks.
Seated behind Miss Moxie and Bernice on the train, the Elton twins, chaste with their faded red hair up in buns, agreed that Mr. Shirley was a real gentleman for inviting everybody to St. Augustine for the day. "Say what you will," one said, "but he's a gentleman."
A woman behind them said, "Huh!" Meaning she knew the truth, they all did, and Nate Shirley was no gentleman but a scoundrel. 
Merry Gay stared out the window again. Nathan Shirley in his crisp white shirt and gray striped vest was laughing with his two sons and the train conductor in a green visor. The Negroes had inched closer along the sunned-wood platform, waiting to board. Sweat like grease on their dark faces. Will with his hat in his hands-no blood from fighting, as Merry Gay had feared when the two had earlier exchanged greetings-and he was smiling. A handsome, smart buck, everybody said so, not a mean bone in his body.
When Tommy fell for Will she began going to the Negro church on the west side of the tracks. Their preaching always ran over the hour set aside for the white churches on the east side of the tracks, and Merry Gay would wait for her at the commissary to walk home. The commissary was located on the south end of the west side of the tracks, facing the Rose house across the tracks, bare dirt yard running into the yard of the first row shanty on the right and on the left into vine-swagged woods. 
Especially at night, the Negro churchgoers would linger over singing, stomping on the wood floor of the narrow, one-room church house. Sounded like drumbeats, and the whites would settle in for the night to the foot-stomping rhythm, not really minding, not really disturbed, but used to it like the ticking of their clocks, like the blast and rumble of the trains that shook their very beds.
Seated on the dark front steps of the commissary, in an aura of lightening bugs, Merry Gay had watched Will place his great hands on Tommy's pinched waist and lift her up to sit on the well rim, eyes never leaving her eyes. The spot where they stood seemed to glow in the light of the sandy white dirt, or was it from something burning inside them? Even the keening of insects seemed spun of that glow, voice of some un-expressible magic. A chamber of mystery and silence, at once too shrill and too silent, too light and too dark. Together they were no longer Tommy Rose and Will Thomas, born to suffer and then die. They were living and this was forever.
Hand over hand Will drew a bucket of water from the well and set it on the ground at Tommy's bare feet, then gently began dabbling water on her feet, anointing each, then drying each on his shirttail. Lifting her down then, he pressed her into the well wall with his body-tenderness spent, and in its place pain, or an urgency that could pass for pain. Her arms hooked around his neck. They didn't speak. They kissed. 
Merry Gay had closed her eyes. She shouldn't have been seeing this. But branded on the backsides of her eyelids were Tommy, petite in the long bleached muslin dress, bustle caught up with a pink ribbon, that Bernice had made for her that summer; and Will so tall he had to bend down, but a perfect match. Him so handsome and dark, and her so pale she could pass for white.
 Tommy was startlingly beautiful, at first glance, but a closer look revealed a face too starkly broad, too white. Too much face, too much hair. Her skin was the absorbent texture of blotting paper, her black liquid eyes were wide set, and her lips were too flat and pale for her to be full-blood Negro-everybody said that. The kiss looked daring, straddle-of-the-tracks dangerous. But everybody at Moniac Crossing knew that Tommy was Negro and must have expected that one day she would cross those tracks. Still, they reacted to her pairing off with a Negro man with the kind of shock generally reserved for whites only. 
Merry Gay secretly viewed Tommy's crossing over as a betrayal, but only until she realized that Tommy would be coming and going, crossing back. All that had changed was the swapping of bedfellows and Merry Gay having a young Negro brother-in-law who hung his head and called her ma'am and never ate at the same table with his wife's adoptive family. 
Not that Bernice didn't ask. And people didn't know whether she was stupid or crazy, but on the off-chance that that smile of hers might mean she knew something they didn't, few dared to offer an opinion. Besides, she was the widow of the Great Hoss Rose and that stood for something. That alone granted her the possibility of a Solomon-like wisdom by association with the man they all loved. 
One huge sigh and the train whistle tooted twice; the brass bell clanged and the train rocked and lurched southeastward along the tracks; couplings rankling and clanking, jolting car to car along the line. One of the twins squealed; her sister told her to hush. The other women laughed, faces red with excitement and heat. Building a head of steam, the locomotive increased its speed and chuffing and the morning sunlight softened as it sifted through the fine leaves of the chinaberry trees before the passing neat shanty-rows on the Negro side of the tracks. The small frame houses, separated by paling or rail fences and lanes running north and south, on Merry Gay's side, ran out to green pines and palmettos and embedded black streams. Sun-glades divvying the dark flowing water of the north prong of the creek, as seen from the trestle, as seen from the train.
 Merry Gay and Tommy had walked across the trestle many times, staring down at the meandering creek but they had never been over it on a train before. It didn't seem right without Tommy, especially with her husband aboard the train, moving away from her. It seemed cruel and unnatural for the two to be parted on this special day. If Merry Gay were married she'd hate to be split up that way. Not that she had any intention of marrying: several boys and men were interested in her and she had been interested in a couple of them. But her brothers always found fault or went behind her back and threatened her suitors. It was just as well, she thought, just as well because for now all her passion was pent up as song. Songs locked up in her soul but still living, and soon she'd have to pull one out to entertain a group of people she'd never seen and couldn't care less about.  
"It's most unseemly," Miss Moxie had crowed to her son, "for that white child to be singing at a colored wedding. But then what can you expect and the two of them raised up together?" That was at the commissary the Saturday before Tommy's wedding on Sunday, a year ago. "First, they try to pass that gal off for white, then next thing you know she's marrying a turpentine hand, black as the ace of spades. If I was you I'd be careful letting our Priss hang around with that other Rose girl after this."
"Merry Gay's got guts and a certain kind of tough cracker class," he said from the other side of the counter. "She's resourceful. Hope it rubs off on Priss and maybe her head will amount to more than something to hang a fancy hat on."
Miss Moxie placed one hand atop her black straw hat, getting his meaning. 
He went on, "My daughter-in-laws are the bad influence, well-bred but good for nothing."
Merry Gay, walking across the porch, stepped through the door with a basket of eggs to swap for sugar and one of the books he had loaned her. 
"Well if it isn't my songbird," he called out.
Ignoring Miss Moxie, who in a fit of embarrassment at being caught appeared to have taken a real interest in something on the floor, Merry Gay handed him the book.
"How did you like Kipling?" he asked in that sunny fake tone. 
"I liked Kim."
"India, yes. You should go there someday." 
She cut him short by pushing the basket of nest-warmed eggs across the counter toward him; she was too busy to hear him brag about his travels today. And that's exactly what he would be doing: talking about a story set in some place he had been; luring her into talk about the characters, which Nate Shirley would subtly, inadvertently, turn into himself.
The locals laughed behind his back about him informing them of an astronomer investigating the effects of the sun on weather and the effects of weather on tree growth-something they'd already learned by experience. They could have told him that it takes eighty-five barrels of raw gum or resin to distill into one barrel of spirits of turpentine. He tried to tell them it wasn't necessary to streak so deep into the pines to make the gum run, only down to the cambium layer, and even proved it. Plus, deep gashes lessened the life of the pine. The old-timey technique of cutting boxes into the pines for the gum to collect in was about to be replaced with the hanging of clay pots called Herty cups below the streaked faces. Boxing was sure death to the pines. The town took him at his word but never admitted it. They tuned him in when he suggested cooking needles, bark and other trash with the resin at the fire still before straining it through the cotton batting and wire mesh, instead of the other way around, to get an improved grade of resin and make it yield more per barrel. They tuned him out on the three-rings study to date past events. It was Shirley's foresight that led to hauling the gum-sopped dross, or cotton batting, away from the still, rather than piling it to one side for anybody wandering past with a grudge and a match to set fire to. Had he not talked down to the other men and taken advantage of their innocence they would have welcomed his book knowledge. They would have shared with him what they knew. Instead, they took his big talk as one more weapon he could use to swindle them out of their knowledge and skills, same as he'd used his money and power to swindle them out of their land.
"What'll it cost me for a song this fair morning?" He always said that; Mary Gay never sang for him though.
"Mr. Nate, you'll have to come to the wedding tomorrow if you want to hear me sing."
And he had, bringing Priss with him to spite Miss Moxie.
Seated on Merry Gay's left, aisle-side of the ladies' coach, Priss tugged her arm, then whispered into her ear that she had to be excused. Merry Gay stood and Priss stood and stepped out into the aisle. 
Bernice caught Merry Gay's arm, shaking it, pulling her close and whispering in her ear, "You see the boys, tell em I said behave." Not really a message, only showing what was on her mind and it wasn't altogether her paining feet in Miss Moxie's shoes. Other than maybe the Elton twins and possibly the Shirley women, Merry Gay doubted there was a woman on board who hadn't seen their men turn celebration into disaster. The way it went, the men would start out a bit cold to the notion of being included in the daytime doings of women and children, when usually they would have been hard at work; then they would warm up by having a friendly drink or two, then heat up gradually by heaping more whiskey on the fire in their heads, merriment quickening into bonfires of rage with the least provocation, or even no provocation at all.
"The boys," Merry Gay's brothers, both over twenty but under thirty, would always be boys as long as they drank and felt sorry for themselves and begrudged the Shirleys taking over the timber business in and around Moniac Crossing.  Bernice often reminded them that their daddy didn't fade from life sitting on the porch because he was forced to; he'd been stubborn and refused to work for the Shirleys or any other man. He could have gone to snaking and hewing crossties for the railroad, among other things Bernice could name. But Merry Gay knew that was just brave talk; she knew that Bernice's smile wasn't really smiling. Bernice begrudged the Shirleys too for hiring the Rose hands by paying off their debts to the commissary, therefore indebting them to him, so they would have to work for him to pay off what they owed.
Moniac Crossing, like most turpentine camps, minted its own money in the form of commissary checks and coupons. But unlike Hoss, who encouraged the men to square up and stay square, Shirley saw to it that they were enslaved to him by debt. They owed him, he owned them. He was "the man," the man with the money. Money talks, and before long Hoss and the boys were forced to listen and even Charlie and Buck went to work for Shirley. Not only did Shirley end up with Hoss's land, his turpentine hands, and his commissary, but he ended up with the be-knighted sons of the Great Hoss Rose.
It was a known fact that Nathan Shirley had been serving his hands moonshine whiskey each morning before they headed out to the woods; that was one more reason he had been so successful in winning over the labor from the other turpentine men.  A gut full of hundred-proof shine could ease you through at least half a day of lugging the leaden buckets or reaching overhead to pull a streak with the heavy irons-some claimed they could actually pull a neater streak while on shine. The boxes they carved in the pine trunks to collect the gum would be sloped so that the bossman could roll a fifty-cent piece straight from front to back. Some claimed that come end of the week, a gift jug of blue boiling shine would be waiting at the commissary for the man who had dipped the most buckets of gum or chipped the most boxes. And the claim proved true.
Hoss himself had mourned the great Casey Jones with his harmonica on that very porch, imitating the whippoorwill call of his train's whistle, drawing half or more of the community to hear how Jones had died a hero in Vaughn, Mississippi, that April night in 1900. How he had thrown the switch on the engine into reverse after spying a stalled freight train on the tracks up ahead, ramming the rear of it anyway, dying himself, but saving all passengers aboard by reducing his speed. Not too many men who would do that.
Later, Hoss would sit out on the porch, picking out a ballad about Jones on his banjo, and again the community would gather to hear the Great Hoss Rose, who was just such a man himself. He loaned them money when they were broke; he sawed their lumber free when their houses burned down; he gave them credit at the commissary even when they were in debt to him. 
One of their rascally sons, perched on the edge of the well in the commissary yard, trying to step onto his tomwalkers, fell backwards, tumbling into the well, and it was Hoss Charlie who rescued him by tying off a rope to the white oak and shinnying down and hauling the boy up with one arm. 
So, the commissary was where Hoss Rose went to confront the scoundrel who had stolen all he owned and then capped off the blow to his pride by stealing his sons. On a Friday at sundown, no less. Knockoff time, payoff time. Hoss must have been sitting there on Bernice's porch, across the tracks, watching the hands pass in and out of the commissary. Fuming over the fix he'd found himself in-bereft of fortune and future. Reduced to sitting on the porch like a woman, where generally he would have been in the thick of the man-talk and kerosene heat of the commissary lamps, at the desk in back of the store, on his right the small cold wood stove standing in its framed bed of sand, spat snuff and cigarette butts. The blue speckled coffeepot he started each morning would smell of stale coffee, grounds he had to strain through his teeth. And before him on the desk, the green commissary account book that held all manner of information about the men he worked. Just looking at the names crossed off the pages, the men gone on, was a lesson in history and they all had a story, and he cared more for them, all of them, than to prop them up with shine to sweat a little extra cash from their sun-burned hides. 
Rumor was, on slow Mondays, common in the quarters as a result of the turpentine hands' hard drinking on the weekends, Nate Shirley would dope a jug of shine with Carter's Little Liver Pills, a cold remedy called 666, the vile, harsh purgative known as Black Draught, and whatever else remained in the out-dated, rat-gnawed boxes on the commissary medicine shelf. He would go shack to shack, offering the concoction as his special cure for the hangover.  Not really an offering: all who suffered from the affliction were ordered to partake. Hoss Rose regarded Nate Shirley's forced dosing as punishment, one more attempt to lord over them his control. Some even claimed Shirley would sit his horse out in the woods during the day, spying on the workers squatting and shitting and puking till they passed out.
Anybody watching that hot summer evening of a Friday would have seen Hoss Rose rise from his chair on the front porch of his house, somewhat slumped over but still tall and bear-broad. Somewhat defeated but not whipped. He still had his strength, though he'd months ago quit fighting, and he couldn't have told a living soul who his title as area bully had gone to. He didn't care. 
Of all people, Charlie Rose, who his daddy never could get to work a full day, was grinning, walking out of the open double doors of the busy commissary, tarry right thumb hooked through the handle of the prize glass demijohn jug of shine. Brother Buck, behind him, was looking down, counting his cash. Both of them tarry, filthy, smelling of sweat. 
Still grinning, Charlie raised the jug in greeting when he spotted his daddy standing on the doorsteps-he was always slow to catch on. Buck, pocketing his money, looked up at his daddy, what few wrinkles he had more like grains in wood, those up-tilted pupil-black eyes. "Uh oh!" Buck said and sidled left out of the doorway where he'd been standing, out in the open and looking for a place to run.
Hoss planted one heavy work boot on the porch floor, leaning forward to shift his weight and step up. "Ain't no hard feelings, boys," he said. "Didn't have a thing in the world left for y'all to do no how."
He sounded sane as any man; Charlie bought it. He uncapped the jug, walking on out to the porch, and in a flurry of candle-flies and tar and sweat, he offered his old man the first drink.
"You dumb son-of-a-bitch!" Buck called out to Charlie and started for the north end of the porch, almost there when the jug of shine rolled into the backs of his boot heels and he had to jump it to keep from being knocked down. It rolled on toward the end of the porch ahead of him, puking whiskey that looked like water but fizzed like Red Devil lye and bleached a running scallop design on the wide floorboards, still there to this day.
At his back, Buck could hear what sounded like bone crunching, then a cross between a moronic grunt and a groan. When he looked around he saw Hoss Rose step high over Charlie, curled on his side on the floor and nursing his jawbone, and grab Nathan Shirley in the doorway by the collar of his white broadcloth shirt, socking him between the eyes, then shaking him out like a rag before letting go.
He landed sitting, rocking in one of the porch chairs. A blue knot, like a Cyclopean eye, in the center of his forehead. 
Not another word; Hoss didn't say another word. It was like a demonstration, a last hurrah, and he could go back across the tracks to his front porch and rock and watch. Boys be-damned!
Merry Gay remembered the days of her family's self-sufficiency but they didn't seem half as fine as her daddy on the front porch or driving her to sing over three counties after he "tired," as he called it. He would stand her on a wooden crate at church, when she was little, or on a stump at family reunions and fish fries and like a bird she would sing. Just for him. He played the guitar and the banjo, would change-up from time to time, never noticing that his daughter's four-octave soprano was neither a guitar nor a banjo voice, but more suited to the accompaniment of a piano or flute (that's what Nate Shirley said, offering to play for her while she sang). She didn't sing the way she talked; singing was a different command from the brain. It was as if she were two people, a trained classical singer in the corn-fed body of a country girl.
Reeling along the aisle of the ladies' coach, Merry Gay and Priss met the ticket-taker coming through the exit door and asked for directions to the lavatory. He told them to go through the smoking car, pointing behind him, and they would find the lavatory at the start of the next car down the line, the dining car. 
Holding to the backs of the seats and swaying with the motion of the train the girls pushed through the closed bottom section of the door leading out to the brief shuffling grate over the couplings between cars. Plastered to the extended rooflines above the steps, left and right sides, were decals reading, "Watch your head." Hot air, grit and cinders, but the air smelled fresh, of pine. Stepping through the bottom section of the door to the smoking car, the fresh air and the labored iron ratcheting of the wheels stood out in contrast to the merriment of men with drink in their bellies, tobacco smoke, sweat and whiskey, and the raw volatile musk of the male animal.
There was a sudden simmering silence-men on hold till the ladies could pass through the car.  
All except for the baseball team from Macon, who Merry Gay and Priss had seen at the Moniac depot. Grouped, talking, smoking and sipping Dope Cokes. Canvas bags of balls and bats and uniforms were spread on the floor and in the seats. Priss, in the lead, flashed them a pretty smile, twinkling from her blond head to her dainty shoes. They parted for the girls gathering their dress tails to keep them from touching the men on each side and lowering their eyes to make themselves invisible. Merry Gay had held her breath, fearing the foreign boys would speak and get her brothers started. She could see them in the crowd near the middle of the car, Buck drinking from a pewter flask of whiskey, and her other brother Charlie standing next to him, dumb-looking in his thick glasses and his mouth parted, the tip of his pink tongue held between his teeth.
Placing Priss in front of her and walking side to side and fast, shoving her along, Merry Gay eyed her two brothers. Buck with his drunk-eyed wild look appeared stuck in mid-guffaw. How he always looked when drinking. No message from Mama for Buck, who wouldn't listen if an angel from the Lord brought it. But let one of those men speak out of the way to his sister and he would come unstuck in the blink of an eye. Charlie too, meaty, red-haired and bearded, blank-eyed behind his thick glasses. Not that either of them should have worried: only a man in his wrong mind would speak out of the way in the presence of Shirley's favorite granddaughter.
Priss got to be his favorite grandchild, for one thing, by being old enough to have outgrown the foolishness of childhood; for another, she sweet-talked and teased him, daring him to scold her, and she never minced words when she caught him in the wrong.
The week before, Nate Shirley had stopped the four doorstep girls belonging to one of his top Negro hands on their way up the heat-wavy lane to the depot. They were all frocked up and had train tickets in their hands. When he'd asked where they were going, they'd said to Jacksonville for the day. On the spot, west side of the tracks, Shirley had taken away their tickets and accused their daddy of sending them on ahead to another turpentine camp, of trying to skip out on what they owed him in loans and groceries at the commissary. He was on to them, Shirley said, and knew that a big turpentine man up around Gainesville, Florida, had sent them the tickets to leave in advance and that their daddy would be sneaking out in the middle of the night without either him or the other turpentine owner bothering to pay off the debt. 
The girls were crying, clinging to one another, across the tracks from the finest house at the Crossing, the Shirley house. Priss, leaning on the white paling gate to watch and listen, pushed it open and ran barefooted across the brilliant sand of the east lane, up the rail-bed of sharp rocks and over the hot tracks. 
Having heard the whole thing, she was almost in tears herself at seeing the girls so upset. "Papa Shirley!" she shouted. "How dare you make these girls cry? What if some man made me cry like that?" Hands on her hips, she stepped up between them and her grandfather. "Now, give them back their train tickets." 
From out of the north woods the rumble of the train was swelling, and they could feel the dirt throbbing beneath their feet from the vibrations of the tracks. 
"Priss," he said, "you don't know these people. How they jump camp in the middle of the night and leave owing you."
"Well, it's a free country," she said. "Besides, that's between you and their daddy. Now give back their tickets and go stop that train this minute."
Grudgingly, he had passed out the tickets to the four girls; he'd even flagged down the train for them to board. Priss waving good-bye to the girls and Nate Shirley knowing he'd seen the last of them. He'd seen the last of his top hand too unless he could waylay him come nighttime after Priss was safe in bed and asleep. Otherwise, he would have to wait and travel to Gainesville, to confront the other turpentine man, which could result in a killing.  This wasn't the first time this sort of thing had happened, and last time the two turpentine owners had pulled guns on each other. Shirley had stayed up many a night to guard his labor. 
He feared no man.
But all this bubbly scrap of a woman had to do was speak and he was sop.
The Negroes in the smoking car now were laughing, playing cards, staring out the west windows at the dashing green sun-flocked woods, as Priss and Merry Gay passed on their way to the lavatory. What white women? We ain't seen no white women! Negroes on the west side of the train and whites on the east side, like the railroad tracks at home. 
It hit Merry Gay with a pang that none of the Negro women were along, and she felt stupid for not noticing before, for not catching on to why. She figured that Tommy knew and hadn't told her and she felt more cut off from Tommy than when she had married Will. Tommy had truly switched sides. If Tommy had been on this train to St. Augustine, would she have had to ride with the men in the smokers' car? Or maybe some other car set aside for colored women?  What would have happened? What would Merry Gay have done? She felt like Priss, always mouthing off about what was fair and unfair but powerless to do anything about it. 
Stepping from the smoking car to the solid air and broken ratcheting, Priss shouted to Merry Gay, "Hey, what was the meaning of that? I wanted to talk to those boys."
"No. Buck and Charlie are drinking, itching to fight somebody."
"Oh!" she said as if she understood, but didn't. She was growny acting but innocent and pure as a baby.
Pushing through the door to the dining car and the ladies' lavatory on their left, the girls met Priss's Uncle Jay and her daddy Wendell Shirley, hands in their pockets, rattling change, passing through the trembling wine-velvet curtain partition a few yards up the narrow corridor, heading for the smoking car, either to smoke or keep order. Gold chains attached to their watches looped down their dark vest fronts.  From the dining car came the sounds of silverware clinking on plates, mellow laughter and morning voices.
 A tall shambling Negro man pushed open the door the girls had just passed through. Seeing the Shirleys, he switched gaits to a sudden loose swagger, then tipped his beret and said, "Gov'nor, sir," to each in turn, and walked on toward the men's lavatory on his right. 
"Hey!" Wendell shouted after him. "Shorty, you!'
The man wheeled and stopped with his arms out as if expecting to be shot.
"Get on back to the smoking car. You people's got a place to go in there. This is white-folk territory. Get it?"
Dread of passing again through the gang of whites standing inside the door was written all over Shorty's face. Like Priss and Merry Gay in the smoking car, he lowered his eyes and walked on through to the door. Invisible.
Yes, Merry Gay was glad Tommy hadn't come; she could imagine all sorts of disasters. She felt like Peter betraying Jesus because if Tommy had been along and somebody had graded her by race Merry Gay didn't know what she would have done. If Tommy had been placed in the smoking car and not the ladies' coach, if she'd been stopped from going inside the ladies' lavatory, what would Merry Gay, who hated trouble, have done? Her sure cowardice was almost a taste, an odor, like the staleness of the closed hall seeping up through the stringent toilet chemicals.  
In the din of outside racket, as the tightly-sprung door slowly opened and closed, freeing the Negro man, Wendell Shirley had to lean closer to the girls, cupping one shiny shell-like ear for Merry Gay to explain about the lavatory. He took out his gold pocket watch, checking the time by the Roman Numerals behind the gleaming watch face, then shook his finger at his daughter, as if to say hurry up, go back to the ladies' car. Both girls nodded.
While Merry Gay swayed with the train and waited outside the lavatory door for Priss to finish using it, Nathan Shirley popped through the wine velvet curtains partitioning off the lavatory from the dining car. His perfectly symmetrical face broke into a smile. He had to be sixty or sixty-five years old, she guessed, but he looked younger than his son Jay because he was trimmer, big-man tall and with a clean haircut and nails. His skin was so scrubbed, he looked waxed. Not one loose hair or whisker or word, except sometimes when he was talking down to her, then he would pipe up with that impeccable but phony cracker drawl. Mouthing in the racket of the wheels trundling along the tracks, he said, "My little songbird. Make me proud, you hear?" 
Merry Gay's nerve endings flared at the thought of singing in front of the rich strangers on the upcoming cruise. She was used to her own common folk; whether or not she'd ever met them before, they were her people. Maybe she felt safe with them because she knew they had little to compare her to except themselves, or to the other girls who sang in the various church choirs. But Merry Gay's was the purest, brightest voice in the land. That is, in the land of her people.
She'd overheard her mother talking to Nathan Shirley while ironing his fine white shirts, saying, "Merry Gay was born to sing and she's going to live to sing. I doubt she'd let you pay her for singing on your cruise."
Nate Shirley had trained Bernice himself to iron his heavily starched broadcloth shirts, using the Chinese method: lay the shirt front-side up, smooth and flat on the padded board, and match the side seams with precision. Then sprinkle with water and press hard with a hot iron from hem to the seam connecting the collar. Iron one side of the shirt front and then the other, then open up the shirt and sprinkle liberally again with water, ironing the back panel inside-out. Finish with the sleeves, yoke and collar. 
Merry Gay would like to have accepted the money he'd offered. She'd never been paid for singing before, and as she told her mother, "You get paid for ironing, Tommy gets paid for keeping house, Nathan Shirley gets paid for a barrel of gum dipped by my brothers, who get paid for dipping it for him." But deep down, she felt that her singing was different, something given and not earned. She was like a songbird for real, in a way: singing because she could. She made her noise through singing, she added to the voices of her world. Sad or happy songs, her soul was purged.
Nate Shirley had traveled the world over, he bragged, and everywhere he traveled he learning something new to bring back to the South. Like Chinese ironing. But in spite of going to the opera and hearing the great choruses throughout Europe, he said, he couldn't learn to sing. He could play the piano and the violin, but he couldn't sing. That was his sole act of humility and was worth more than money to Merry Gay. Through her singing her deceased father had something his enemy Nate Shirley could never have, a song he couldn't sing, a songbird he couldn't buy.


CHAPTER 2

At the depot in St. Augustine, the party bound for the yacht was picked up by three open black motor cars, driven by smiling Negro men. They called the Shirley men "gov'nor," and the ladies they called "the misses," not really addressing the women and girls but speaking to each other or the Shirley men. Except for the Shirleys, who owned a motor car, few of the train passengers from Moniac Crossing had ever ridden in one. The roads around Moniac were too boggy and rough to accommodate motor cars. 
"Say dey's a bad herrican moving in," one of the drivers said to Nate Shirley.
"Well, we need the rain, don't we?"  
"Yes suh, sho do now. But dat wind?dat wind a diffent matter."
Nate laughed and winked at Wendell on his right. "Playing up to me for a tip," he said to his oldest son, then to the driver, "Say you don't like the wind, huh?" 
Caught up in the racket of the train's gusting and belching steam, shoe soles scuffing on the dusty deck of the depot, everybody laughing and shouting, Merry Gay almost forgot why she had come. Fear pushed back and in its place excitement. 
The Moniac folk looked dearer to her, lost on foreign ground, and made her want to protect them.  She'd like nothing better than to get back on the train with them and head home. At the same time, she liked the newness of the experience-if only she could spend the day with these people she knew. Watching them in their finery, blinking in the open coastal light like animals stepping out of the woods, Merry Gay felt proud too. They were honest people, humble people, doing their best, looking their best. Even their awkwardness was endearing.  
Merry Gay and the six Shirley children were packed into the third motor car; Miss Moxie, Bernice and the wives of the Shirley boys loaded up in the second car; and Nate Shirley and his two sons in the first car, waving their hats in the soft sea air at the Moniac folk who had set out on foot from the depot along the cobbled streets of the city for a day of sightseeing. Everybody laughing and talking; and the motor cars chirring like big crickets past the old fort and along the palm-shaded boardwalk of the Intercostals Waterway.
Merry Gay called out to her brothers. Buck and his best buddy Mike Ruis were loping along, with half-blind, hefty Charlie trailing behind, flanked by Will and another young Negro turpentine hand from Moniac Crossing. The white men yelled back and waved at the car, then grouped before the arched stone entrance of the gates to the city.
Did they resent her riding in a motor car? Did they resent her being chosen to go on the yacht? Well, she resented them for having a whole day before them in this colorful, historical place. Not that the history and color would be much appreciated by her brothers. In other words, the Wax Museum wouldn't be on their list of places to visit. They would probably head straight for the river, which Merry Gay could see shining like a silver ribbon on her left, and pitch rocks. Well, they might go to the museum just to poke fun at the wax figures-whatever was beyond them was beneath them. 
Never had Merry Gay seen so many flowers, rainbows of flowers, triangles of flowers, circles of pure color that made her long to wade barefoot through just for the velvety feel and not to crush them, though that would be a luxury too.  She had to memorize each color and fragrance for Tommy, find a way to convey the blends of colors and smell, to make her see. Though in truth, Merry Gay preferred the acid tang of the damp packed sand of her home-place. She liked the shade of the chinaberry trees, umbrellas of lacy green leaves that yielded tiny hard berries for the chickens to peck. And there was nothing more beautiful to her than the mimosas at Moniac Crossing with their layered ferny fronds and poufs of sheer pink flowers like birds' crests.
About as unlike as twins can be, the Eltons, at a crossing up the street, were standing, one in a spinsterish dark dress with standup collar buttoned high on her neck, and the other in a soft pale blouse and striped pink skirt. They were hooking each other's arms and their picnic baskets, trying to get up the nerve to cross between the clip-clopping horse-drawn buggies, surreys and pony carts, which were commonplace and therefore possible to safely cross in front of, and the motor cars happening up like dark hulks in a bad dream, which they'd had little experience with, save for the Shirley's car that seldom left the port alongside the big white house, except when one of the Shirley men got tanked up on a Saturday night and spun snakes and cut ruts along the lane before the Eltons' safe and solid front porch facing the tracks of Moniac Crossing. The spinsterish twin, the teacher, would request prayer for them on Sunday at the Baptist church. Safe too from the revenge of the Shirleys at the Methodist Church, unless Nate Shirley made a surprise visit on the off-chance that Merry Gay Rose might be singing at the morning service. It was like that man absolutely craved that girl's singing, they said, where any normal Christian would listen and let it slide on into the sermon. 
The baseball team from Macon was walking, two by two, boys with their canvas bags of balls and bats slung over their shoulders. Out of her family's view, at last, Priss stood and began blowing kisses at them. She was decked out in white linen with dainty embroidered blue flowers; the blue grosgrain ribbon gathering back her long blond hair had long been shed because Merry Gay, her sixteen-year-old idol, wasn't wearing one.
The boys waved and walked on. The cars turned east and trailed up the arched wooden bridge over the waterway, a magnificent height and feel of flying out into the hazy blue yonder. Later, Merry Gay might tell Tommy that it was like swinging on the tree swing when it reached its pitch, when you could see only sky and your heart leaped up with mixed thrill and fear. 
She would never tell Tommy this. She would never get the chance.
Priss's fair-skinned face was blistered by the time they reached the dock where the cream and walnut yacht sat swaying on the lit green water. Already, finely dressed couples and grouped ladies and men were chatting on the upper deck behind the railing of the fat but sleek boat, holding crystal glasses of rain-water yellow drinks out before them like something that had to be held in order to talk.
Mary Gay was hot and sweaty, her yellow cotton dress soiled, limp and wrinkled from the train ride and the wallowing of the Shirley children. Where a song usually bubbled up in her throat there was a lump. A big bumpy frog ready to leap onto her quivering heart like a lily pad.
"I can't sing," she said to Priss in the back seat while her younger sisters and cousins were unloaded and spit-shined by her mother and aunt.
Priss's queenly mother Sara was wan with pearl-colored hair and thin lips, and was wearing a dark belted skirt and a pleated crepe blouse to match her hair. The two cherub toddler girls in the front seat belonged to her. The other daughter-in-law of Nate Shirley, Muffin, Jay's wife, had one baby on her hip and another in her belly. She wore her black hair upswept in a soft nest with a small bun in the center. No smile, no nonsense. Her wide inky eyes and rouged cheeks gave her a hard coarse look, the opposite of Priss's mother. But puffed up with progeny and pride, she made a good Shirley.
Merry Gay suspected the Shirleys had hired Tommy to keep house because of her being high-yellow and clean and having a quaint name. Something the wealthy class, in Merry Gay's opinion, took stock in; only the very rich and the very poor bestowed nicknames. One of the Shirley grandchildren was called Cupcake; her mother was called Muffin. There was a Lamb and a Skippy in the family, where west-side of the tracks lived a Negro child called Piggy and a young woman called Honeybee. Tommy had told Merry Gay it was funny how "quality" did that, adding how "funny" it was too that they wanted big fine houses and fancy clothes, but had to get poor white trash and niggers, who they looked down on, to take care of it all. Funniest of all, to Merry Gay, was Tommy's choice of words. They'd been taught that "nigger" and "colored" were classes. Like "white trash" and "white." Simply said, niggers and white-trash were dirty and lazy; coloreds and whites were clean and smart. The label "nigger" loosely used was a sign of ignorance and meanness. When had Tommy dropped such distinctions?
"What you mean, you can't sing?" Priss squinched her blue eyes against the sun. 
"Not in front of all these people." Not in front of him and all these people, was what Merry Gay really meant. This very minute Nate Shirley could be telling them she was better than Enrica Caruso, the great opera tenor, and they would laugh when they heard her sing. 
"You sing all the time?you used to," Priss said. "At church I mean."
"Not like this. Not for this type of people."
"You told Papa Shirley you would. I came just to see them when they hear you."
"But they're different, they?"
"Well, they eat just like you and me. They probably fart like Papa Shirley."
"Priss!" her mother scolded, reaching inside the car to drag her out.
Merry Gay swallowed the frog and felt a bubble of air in her gut, which she felt later while she sang would surely be expelled as gas.
What seemed peculiar to Merry Gay and Priss was the yacht never leaving the dock where it was moored at St. Augustine Beach. Maybe somebody else noticed, but nobody appeared to think it odd. Their loud talking was like hand clapping up close, but out by the railing of the yacht on the upper deck, where Merry Gay and Priss sat to eat and watch the sun-glade out over the twinkling green water make a path to the dusky seam where water and sky meet, the sea breeze and waves sounded like cupping their hands over their ears, and the cry of gulls ruled. Flocks of white birds skimmed the bothered water, their alarming cries the only sign that possibly a hurricane was brewing beyond the rounding-off of sky, water and light, some little spasm of wind and rain making up and spreading from that seam of dusk.
The girls' plates were heaped with chilled chicken salad, tiny buttery green peas and dainty squares of gingerbread. Woozy from the swaying of the train, then the motor car and now the boat, they refused the steamed shrimp, its smell too akin to the fish stench of the soupy gray oyster bays each side of the dock leading out to the yacht offshore.
They were both blistered. Their faces felt like the mean hot globes of the Aladdin lamps at home. They fished ice chunks from their glasses of sweet tea and pressed them to their cheeks. The other women looked cool under their parasols and straw shelters of wax-ribboned hats, some floppy with broad brims and others flat and rigid like a man's. Checks of sunlight played on their powered faces. Their children had been left on the lower deck with two hired women, to be fed, entertained, and put down for naps. 
These women were slim and lovely in pastels of tiered voile and banded-lace skirts that flared at the hem or swept the deck with a hint of train. Narrow shoulders, sleeves full and soft, closed at the wrists by snug buttoned cuffs. When did bustles go out of style? Merry Gay wondered, feeling hers bunch under her buttocks like a pillow. She would sit as long as she could. 
On the edge of the mingling group, Bernice stood smiling as always, like a gap had been streaked into her lower face, while Miss Moxie gestured to her with a glass of champagne, smoking cigarettes, talking and laughing. Bernice's bunions pressed against the sides of her shoes, slim as a cobbler's last, and every time she shifted feet the jewels flashed like mirrors in the bright sun, glancing off the polished wood walls to the galley and the deck.
Miss Moxie had ordered those slim jewel-studded cream-leather heeled shoes from Paris; then commissioned Bernice to break them in for her. How pinched her feet looked, to Merry Gay, how pained her expression, how odd those shoes worn with her latest homemade two-piece cotton frock, a black print stripe, that smelled sharp of dye and had to be hot! Merry Gay's yellow cotton dress had been fashioned from the same pattern as her mother's, except cut-down, slimmer, and the gathers of the skirt sucked in where Bernice's pooched out. But for their bustles.
 The bunion humps on the sides of Bernice's big toes had already imprinted themselves into the supple leather. For the last longest, she had been sewing Miss Moxie a cream silk dress, laden with gold braid and tassels by the pound, for her to wear with the shoes when she came out of mourning. Both women were wearing black, both in mourning for lost husbands. Both had bunions in the same exact location-how come Bernice to be commissioned to break in those shoes. But that was all they had in common. 
Bernice was blond and had the spread, bony hips of a brood cow, and her bunions caused her to step heavy side to side. Her head trembled and she smiled whether happy or sad, a tic likely formed from her determination to keep smiling regardless. But it was as if that smile had hardened like wax during those years of making do and trying to train her children up in the ways they should go. It worked with Tommy. It worked with Merry Gay, big-boned, blond and sunny and blessed with the gift of song, but not her hell-raising older brothers.
Flashing crooked discolored teeth, Miss Moxie raised her glass to Bernice as if to toast her. At Miss Moxie's throat was a black Cameo mourning brooch that served as focal point for poor captive Bernice. 
"Baptists don't drink, do they?" Priss asked Merry Gay.
Merry Gay laughed. "Not out in public, no."
"You know why your mother was really asked to come along?" Priss's long blond hair was whipping at the small gingerbread and cream cheese sandwich in her right hand.
"I think I do."
"To keep Gramma Moxie from looking lonely and like nobody loves her."
 Merry Gay bit into her gingerbread, knowing it would soon be time to sing and her small scalloped teeth would look brown and rotten. Her uneven little-girl's teeth were all that saved her from being too pretty-maybe beautiful-but that didn't stop her from smiling. Priss had been right about why Bernice had been invited, she thought. She could see that now. Also it was clear to her now that her mother hadn't hired herself out as companion to Miss Moxie for the money; and as for those shoes, she wouldn't have rented out her poor damaged feet to break in those shoes for Nate Shirley's mother even if her family was starving.
Bernice had come along for Merry Gay, to keep her company, to look out for her and cheer in case nobody else should cheer her singing. In case her daughter couldn't sing as good as her own family thought. She loved to hear Merry Gay sing, but felt that her daddy shouldn't have encouraged her in something so impractical, which could only be used for church and only up to a certain age. More lasting and of greater value were those things that all women had to know to get by: caring for a family, cooking, sewing, learning the ways of men so she could cull a dependable, kind husband from the lot.
"Gramma looks like a crow. We don't even like her."
"Priss!" But she did look like a crow in all that black. Staring Priss straight in the face, Merry Gay could see her fine symmetrical features beginning to pinch into her mother's sharp face, to lose that soft glib girlishness. Then Priss would smile or say something clever or so honest and insightful it made Mary Gay sit up straight with sudden understanding and she would know that Priss's beauty would always shine, even through the skin of her mother's pinched face. Priss would always be Priss followed by an exclamation point because she would speak outright and with the rapt detachment of a spoiled child. But she wasn't spoiled.
Priss tried to walk like Merry Gay; she tried to talk like Merry Gay, to sing like Merry Gay. She would never be creamy, soft and buxom like Merry Gay, but she had grown as tall as Merry Gay in the past year. The added inches in height seemed to have come from her body's narrowing in. Straight up and down with no hips or breasts, yet beginning to push out in places like the moon filling in till it reached half-full, then filling out till it got whole.
Nathan Shirley, in a blinding-white starched shirt with stiff collar and cuffs, was laughing with his sons and a tall blond man, all in charcoal striped trousers and solid charcoal vests. Jay was short and stocky with that unique Shirley skull that was too perfectly rounded in back and stopped short of the nape like a helmet. Wendell stood tall as his daddy, the spitting image of his daddy. Both had the olive skin and thinning pale brown hair of their father, regularly trimmed and scrub-faced, but Wendell was apparent heir to the Shirley throne. Wendell rode the turpentine woods with him; Wendell went where his daddy went, a weak shadow. Jay slept and drank and gambled and often went missing. Nobody seemed to worry, except Priss, who tried to keep her entire family in place and in line.
The blond man laughed and slapped Nathan on the shoulder. Then he stepped up on a platform at the bow of the yacht and began clinking his fork on his glass. The American flag was flying high in the wind behind him, a swift snappy wind that swept smooth and steady across the deck. Merry Gay and Priss had been introduced to him earlier; his name was Roland Mason and he was owner of the yacht. Up close his teeth were thick and white, looked false as his smile. The line of his lips blurred into his tanned freckled face. His hair was the texture of straw and more straw-colored than blond. The laughter and talk faded out to mumbles and the murmuring of the sea and waves slapping underneath the boat. 
"Is everybody having fun?" he called out.
"Yes," they called back, laughing, cheering.
"Good, good. Don't forget there's plenty of that good St. Augustine shrimp left, so nobody leaves without seconds."
Much shuffling of shoe soles on the waxed deck, but mostly everybody was drinking. No wonder there was shrimp left on the buffet in the galley; they probably hadn't been touched. A waiter in a white suit passed with a round silver platter heaped with ice and shrimp and spicy tomato sauce in crystal dishes. Another passed with a sweating bottle of pale wine coddled in a white towel, and all held out their glasses for refills.
The straw man on the platform at the bow of the boat struck up his tune again on the glass. Ting! Ting! "By now most of you have probably met my good friends the Shirleys, my guests from Georgia. Nate Shirley's a buddy of mine from our Princeton days."
"Go Princeton!" A dandy in loden trousers, with a British accent and a fancy cane, raised his glass. It flashed on the walls and deck, dancing with the water-lights from below and the glancing, winking jewels of Miss Moxie's shoes on poor Bernice's feet. 
"Another Princeton man." Roland Mason beamed. "You folks might like to know that good ole Nate here brought to our fair city his entire turpentine village. They're out painting the town red this minute, so be careful where you step when you start home."
Everybody whooped and laughed. Somebody slapped Nathan Shirley on the shoulder. Twin spots of rouge on her face, like sunsets, Muffin flopped onto the bench along the blade shadow of the east galley wall. The black butterfly tie at the throat of her white blouse had flown.
The man on the platform dinged his glass again. "Okay, okay, pipe down. I've got a special treat for you. Nate brought along some good ole down-home Georgia entertainment. Little cracker gal, doubles as au pair for his grandchildren, sings like a songbird, he says. Goes by the name of Gay Merry."
Everybody laughed, swaying with the boat and balancing their drinks. Somebody said, "Shit!" Somebody else said, "Shush!"
Merry Gay, still seated along the railing overlooking the ocean and rinsing her teeth by sloshing tea between them, swallowed it and got strangled. Her face was a red she could see.
"Her name is Merry Gay Rose." Priss stood, almost shouting it, parting her blowing hair from her pink face. 
The crowd of adults slowly turned, eyeing the sassy child. Her mother, fanning and sweating and all but passed out from the heat and the wine, said, "Priss, nobody asked you."
Nate Shirley was pacing the deck below the platform with one finger over his smiling lips and an elbow resting in the other cupped hand. Smug-looking, object of attention-he could take a joke.
"I didn't get it," Merry Gay whispered to Priss on her left.
"It's something crass. Maybe dirty," she whispered. "They're picking at Papa Shirley, they do it all the time. Probably nobody else got it either, most of them, but they'll make like they did to keep from looking stupid. Boring's what they are."
"Okay, folks," the buddy on the platform said. "It was only a good-natured joke among friends, I assure you. We all know that Shirley here will debate until he's blue in the face that art deserves a higher place than science. In no way does what I said reflect badly on Nate's little discovery. Let's make Miss Merry Gay Rose welcome, hear?" He stepped down, adding, "And eat some of that shrimp, please." 
Everybody clapped who didn't have a drink in their hands: Nate Shirley, Priss and Bernice, who looked on the verge of a stroke but was still smiling.
"Show em, Merry Gay, show em!" Priss hissed.
Merry Gay started to leave. The first reference was the true one or it wouldn't have been in the head of Nate Shirley's friend to start with. To use her to tease Nate Shirley, to boost their entertainment and egos, was cruel and unnecessary and she was doubly insulted by Roland Mason's attempt to correct it. She was the possum in the potato salad at an otherwise forgettable picnic. She should get up and leave by the stairs to the lower deck and out to the dock to wait for the Moniac crew. They could carry on here without her. But, no, cracker child that she was, she could sing and she could prove it.
 She had never before used her voice for revenge, but had often used withholding her voice for revenge. If not for money and not for revenge, then why had she agreed to sing for Nate Shirley this time, on this cruise? She hadn't even planned what to sing, had hardly given it a thought. It was as if she had planned not to sing after fooling him into believing she would sing, making up some lame excuse like she'd been doing since her daddy died last year. Not because she felt guilty for giving what was best of herself, what her daddy treasured most. Nathan Shirley had weakened himself by letting her know how valuable her singing was to him. He, himself, had pointed out her power over him, her only power. As long as she could sing, he wouldn't damage what he craved. He wouldn't bring her and what was left of her family down like everybody else he had ruined. Like wives she had heard about who control their husbands by withholding their loving, she was withholding her voice to make herself more desirable, to get back at Shirley for destroying her daddy, the Great Hoss Rose, and just because it felt good.
She had to walk through the crowd, Priss at her side and holding to her hand. The bustle made her feel that she was toeing in, sticking out her butt. What she should do was sing off key, screech out a silly song. But she had too much pride for that, and besides she was bound to control Nate Shirley, even if in the end he might bite her too. She could smell stale rose perfume and sweat mixing with the salt air. Her hair felt like rope blowing against her neck and cheeks.
She dropped Priss's hand and lifting her skirt stepped up on the platform, staring each and all square in the eye, fearing she must look ready to spit, but trying for tolerance, even pity. She would like to make them think she didn't care, that they didn't faze her. But that would be unbelievable and she would trip herself up if she tried. "Eat the shrimp, please," she said and smiled. From the crowd came a chuckle or two, but those soon faded when nobody else joined them.
Nate Shirley, standing below her, had his hands in his trouser pockets, proud and sly and so sure they would love her that he couldn't resist turning to check the expressions on their faces for before-and-after comparison. 
Merry Gay stretched as tall as she could, sucking in the tainted air with a prayer. And without another word she opened her mouth and let fly the choicest, sweetest, longest notes ever to the onset of "The Star Spangled Banner." She couldn't say why that song, unless it was inspired by the American flag snapping in the hot wind at her back, its rope maybe preserved with Moniac Crossing's very own tar. The boat itself likely treated with her own pines' pitch-she could smell it now, cleansing but roily in the heat. Maybe she had picked this song because it was difficult to sing, because it seemed to fit and was a song she knew, and it felt satisfyingly spiteful; though she doubted Nathan Shirley would catch on that she was mocking his having hung an American flag above the top balcony of the depot and commissary after playing dictator to the Masons and the town by laying claim to their meeting place.
 She sang the song so piercing and clear that her own skin prickled, cherishing each distinct word of the lyrics sure to haunt memory, yet with her unique inflection and an occasional quirk to remind her audience that she was indeed a cracker child, the best they'd ever heard or ever would hear again, cracker or not. While she sang her eyes switched from her mother, to Priss, to the waiter with the platter of shrimp nobody wanted. Then fixed on the sunglade out over the ocean, that golden gathering of traveling light, water and song.
Her mother was smiling for real now, nodding at Merry Gay with her back to Miss Moxie, who looked like a smoking black stove flue.
When Merry Gay was done singing, when the final notes played out like a crystal clapper on a silver bell, she bowed and stepped down, the applause and pleas for one more song, just one more, the sweetest sound she'd ever heard. And the sweetest sight? The chest-strutting, sidling-up-to-plead of her father's enemy, Nathan Shirley, who couldn't afford another song.

***

It was between four and five o'clock when the three black motor cars returned the Moniac yacht guests to the St. Augustine train depot. Days were getting shorter and dusk would soon claim the sun burning behind the halted black train and the soot-smudged, yellow clapboard station with dark green and wine trim in the foreground. The station had stacked turrets along the front and a slate roof like turned clay. A rack of navy clouds, made darker by the facing sun, hovered in the east, moving up like night. Merry Gay longed for home and the smell of dirt and the rain if it came. The smell of shrimp was lodged in her nose and the ruins of the oyster bays would stick in her mind so that forever-after no matter who came home with a croaker sack of fresh oysters in the shell to roast over hot coals, she wouldn't be eating them. 
The train would pull out for Moniac Crossing in about thirty minutes and already the engine was building up steam, northwest along the tracks, men piling on coal in preparation for the return trip, the arm of the bellied water tower lowered over the spout of the boiler.
From the rear seat of the third motor car in line before the depot, Merry Gay could see the Negro and white Moniac men milling on the loading dock running in an ell along the south end of the depot station to the area between the tracks and the station. The ticket taker, conductor and turnstile keeper began shouting and waving their arms, wading into the midst of the cheering men, parting them and exposing a Negro man and a white man locked in a tussle, gouging and socking when they could work their hands free, but mostly riding atop each other and rolling on the dock.  
Hell bent on restoring order, Shirley and his sons were out of the front motor car immediately, walking fast with their arms swinging, Nate Shirley with his fists clenched. His face was as blistered from the sun on the yacht as Priss's and Merry Gay's.
Out of their car now too, Priss and Merry Gay lingered along the freight-loading ramp to the left of the station with the other spectators, trying to see into the crowd of men who had closed the gap on the scuffle. The other women, including Bernice and Miss Moxie, went straight inside the turret lobby of the station with the children to use the lavatory and bathe their hot salty faces, but mostly to prevent exposing themselves to the indelicate matters among men. 
All the racket of the city seemed concentrated on and around the platform. Shouting, cursing, wild men's laughing and hooting.
Merry Gay would have bet that she knew at least one of the men fighting-Buck. She could see Charlie, bloated and numb-looking, leaning up against a railing on the north end of the loading dock. Next to him, Will Thomas was puking over the railing into the sooty ballast and oil-sopped earth. 
The two tussling men were parted and on their feet; Merry Gay could make out that the white man was for sure Buck and the Negro man was the Shirleys' main woods-rider. They looked like mad dogs with hackles raised on their backs. The smell of vomit and alcohol and soot rose on the hot damp air aided by the steam of the engine. The noise was so dense it blended, all sound just one major racket, indistinguishable, unbearable as a sawmill.
Nate Shirley was quarreling with the ticket taker and conductor, whose faces looked sick-green under their visors. Like Shirley's boiled face if he'd been wearing a red visor.
Merry Gay and Priss edged closer along the freight-loading ramp, but carefully steering clear of the drunken men, trying to hear what Priss's grandfather was saying to the men in charge of the train.
Buck, sloe-eyed drunk, staggered over to the north ell of the dock where Charlie in that isolated melancholic stance characteristic of the half-blind was leaned up and grinning with his teeth parted, gazing at the sky through his thick glasses as if seeing glory. He was wont to gaze up and grin like that, making you wonder whether he didn't have some changing scene to distract him or some rosy illusion captured in the dense lens. The hood of dark clouds in the east was coming together overhead with the fading blue sky in the west, a faint line dividing day from night, like the line between ocean and sky, like the line encircling the moon.
 Back to the crowd, Buck straddled his legs, undid his fly, and began pissing between the spokes of the railing, Charlie on his left and Will on his right. In a flash, Buck and Will were hugged up like lovers.
On the siding between the train and the loading dock, a Negro Pullman with a flatcar load of baggage in route to the baggage car near the head of the train stopped to watch them, thumbing his billed beret up on his forehead for a clearer view.  
Buck and Will waltzed over to Charlie, bumping into him and jarring him loose from his stupor. Slowly, grinning, he began feinting side to side, knees spread and feet apart, while reaching inside his pants pocket and pulling out his pocketknife. Thumbing open the blade on his knife, he began hopping toward Will and then Buck, no longer joined and on their own, as if to gut them. Finally Buck spun behind Charlie and caught him in a headlock, then a couple of men blocked Merry Gay and Priss's view; and when the men moved, the girls could see Buck and Charlie with their arms overlaid on each other's shoulders, buddies again, drinking from the same brown bottle of whiskey. Will was vomiting again.
Priss started laughing. Then Merry Gay.
Next thing, Buck and Charlie were dancing; they danced through the heart of the crowd and up to Nate and Wendell Shirley, standing next to the ticket taker at the turnstile near the center of the dock railing. They were collecting the white men's pistols and ordering them aside, shoving the Negroes on through the turnstile, down the dock steps, and up and onto the train. Single file, they stumbled right and into the smoking car. 
The white men began shouting, hooting, jeering. "Hey! What the hell you mean letting them niggers load up ahead of us?"
"Yeah, what the hell?"
"Somebody's got some explaining to do. Right, Shirley?"
Merry Gay noted that the main protestors were of the Moniac old families who'd been hoodooed out of their land by Shirley and his boys. Shirley's hired men, the ones who came with him from Macon, and those who he later hired on, were moving out away from the protestors to keep from being associated and losing their jobs. As the protestors were bound to do. Drunk as most of them were, they appeared sober enough to know this and to not give a damn.
Even the baseball team, who had been on the train that morning when the Moniac folk had boarded for the day-long excursion, had wandered onto the loading dock unnoticed by Merry Gay and Priss. They were cursing and shouting like the men from Moniac.
"Are the baseball players drunk too?" Priss asked Merry Gay. Her blue eyes looked bluer in her blistered face.
"I don't know." Merry Gay looked all around. "What happened to your Uncle Jay?"
"Oh, no! He's probably slipped off downtown to drink and gamble.  Aunt Muffin's gonna have a fit if he misses the train home."
At last, Wendell and Nate Shirley and the conductor and ticket taker began filing the loyal white Shirley men through the turnstile. In rebellion some of the Moniac protestors leaped over the railing next to the turnstile. The men in charge turned and shouted for them to board the train. They sailed up the steps, still shouting, mistakenly staggering into the left car, instead of the right. In short order, they emerged, herded like cattle from the ladies' coach by a robust shouting steward, across the brief coach connector and into the smoking car. The sun shining through backlit their bodies as they scurried past. The men on the dock, who'd remained loyal to Shirley, and those pushing through the turnstile, laughed but their laughter soon changed to shouting and cursing at the Moniac gang.
Again the train crew separated the men, this time with clubs striking the heads and backs of a couple of the protestors. In a few minutes, they scrambled in line behind Shirley's men passing through the turnstile, cursing and puking their way through and onto the train and into the smoking car.
The women and children came out the rear exit of the station and stood on the dock, watching and waiting for the men to finish boarding the train. Priss's mother Sara and her aunt Muffin were fanning with cardboard fans and fussing with the younger children. Sara's blond head wagged side to side, searching for Priss who she'd maybe thought had followed her into the station. Miss Moxie, tall and withered-looking from the sun and wine on the yacht, tripped while walking across the dock and the other women gathered round to help her up. Her face was beyond blistered, peeled red. Bernice was carrying her ridiculous jewel-studded shoes as if no longer on payroll-given in, given up, to hell with the old grouch.  
After the men had boarded, including the Shirley men, and the steward had closed top and bottom sections of the door to the smoking car, the women and children were allowed through the turnstile and escorted up through puddles of vomited sweet-and-sour whiskey and briny urine. They had to hold the children in their arms while lifting the hems of their skirts to keep them from trailing in the mess. Wearily, Bernice sat on the single train step and tugged on Miss Moxie's shoes again. Then she stood, climbing up, and tramped purposely on through the vomit and into the ladies' coach.
When Priss and Merry Gay boarded, the racket in the smoking car had died out to talking, even laughing. Nate Shirley's senatorial drawl could be heard in scolding blunt speech.
"Papa Shirley!" Priss giggled.
Minus the scolding tone, it was the same voice he'd used to lecture Merry Gay on "applying methods of analysis to problems of ethics." Some book entitled Principia Ethica which he was reading and said he would pass along to her when he got through. So far, she supposed, he hadn't finished it and she as glad. She'd had to look up each word in the dictionary at school to figure out what he was talking about, and in her opinion if somebody had to study on fair dealings and doing what was right there was a good chance he either had a bad upbringing or didn't have good sense or wouldn't be apt to change just because some writer had worded it a different way. 
Going through the door of the ladies' coach, they met Bernice, looking panicky, about to exit again. "You girls, what's going on? Where's the boys?"  
"They all got in a squabble over something," Merry Gay said, "but Buck and Charlie are fine." 
"Just showing themselves, Mama Bee," Priss said, patting her arm.
Bernice, shaking her head and mumbling, turned to go to her seat. "Lose their jobs if they don't look out, then we'll be in a fix." At the rear of the coach, she took her place next to Miss Moxie, in the midst of the Shirley women. Sara stood, shaking a finger at Priss, then sat again. A baby cried out to a sleepy whine, then silence inside the coach. Outside the train whistle sounded its brassy bell and bright toot and lurched forward with hasty chuffing.
Merry Gay and Priss took the front seats on the right. Priss, aisle-side, placed her head back on the cushioned rest and closed her eyes. "Mama's gonna skin my hide," Priss said and sighed.
"You shouldn't have been out there, hearing and seeing such." Merry Gay at the open window batted her eyes against the grit and steam, waves of hot and cool air and shadows of the rectangular cars on the walls of buildings and the cobbled side streets. Two boys in hickory-stripe shirts and short britches were standing underneath the pot-bellied water tower, throwing rocks at the train. She waved to them. One reared and aimed a rock at her window. Too late. The train was gone, chuffing and chugging toward home.
Her throat was raw from singing-octaves higher than she had ever dreamed of singing. She smiled and closed her eyes, remembering the guests on the yacht begging for one more song, then coming up to her in earnest searching to know her, Nate Shirley's discovery, his cracker-gal songbird.
When she opened her eyes, she could see through her window the thick green woods accented by the orange sun striking the treetops. Dusk was gathering in the vine-swagged woods, then golden light out in the openings of crossroads and fields. The train had veered west from its northwesterly course and if the storm clouds were following Merry Gay couldn't see them. She didn't want to see them, in spite of their needing rain in North Florida and South Georgia. That need was announced by the tart cool air overlaid with smothery heat, by the dust she could see through her window chasing a mule-drawn wagonload of dry ear corn. 
All was quiet in the ladies' coach, except for the rhythmic clanking of the train, the jostling motion rocking everybody to sleep. 
Three seats behind and to the left of Merry Gay and Priss, Miss Ellie, knotting her handkerchief, was seated aisle-side of her bossy sister, the teacher, whose stern pulled-down face was tilted toward the window, projecting a closed-to-conversation look. You could bet she wasn't asleep, maybe on the verge and studying up some scheme to make somebody miserable. Probably Miss Ellie, eager to get home and see to her deformed grown boy left in the charge of a hired Negro woman for the day.
Down the line, crisscrossing sides: two girls, about Priss's age, were leaning, heads together, sweetly sleeping; the little boy with the buckeye charm was folded over on his mother's lap while she smoothed his hair from his un-sunned forehead. The Shirley women, Sarah and Muffin, looked elegant in their weariness, peaceful at last with their children sleeping.
Behind them sat Miss Tillie Knight, a widow friend of Merry Gay's mother, who sat behind Miss Tillie with the widow Miss Moxie. A mystery, so many widows at the Crossing, waiting more than living, having waited on husbands all their lives. Graded-down status, even with plenty of work for the widows to do; plenty of women and children in their families to help make-do. Were the women blessed or cursed by having outlived their husbands? 
When one of the widows had died recently, at the age of 88, her family dividing up her belongings had found a small-denomination confederate bill beneath a tin cake can of meager coins. Written across the bill in her steady younger hand, was the message, "Save all my children and grandchildren." Her "A's" shaped like "O's"-confusing cursive. The bill not even creased by changing hands, she'd saved it for them so long. Or was it a prayer written on the most expensive paper she had handy? And how ironic that after her holding onto the bill all that time it had become worthless as money, made worthless by time and war.
Picking from the lot of women on the homebound train-wilted hats and empty picnic baskets in the aisle-Merry Gay noted a couple more widows in various stages of sleep or drawing on memories banked in their nodding heads. Had they had fun today, or were they merely drained, she wondered? Maybe wishing they'd stayed home. 
She wondered if Tommy was upset about missing the trip to St. Augustine. Or if, as Merry Gay had earlier thought, she had stayed home deliberately to avoid being graded by race as to where she would have had to ride on the train. Would she be angry with her husband Will, who never drank, for getting drunk? 
And what was going on in the smoking car this very minute? It sounded peaceful enough, but she doubted that. She doubted this seeming stillness and peace extended throughout the entire train. Peace in which to sort the memories of the day. Later, memories of the day would be banked in Merry Gay's mind as better times: before her living nightmare began and everything else would be after.


CHAPTER 3

What started out as a dare turned into disaster, that hazy August morning, when little Merry Gay and Tommy smeared themselves black with chimney soot. All but for the creases behind their straight girl-knees was black as night, black as the skin of a sun-blackened turpentine hand. Except that the girls' palms and soles were black too. Hand prints on the door led out of the parlor. Bare foot prints on the hall floor led to the porch, and on the porch floor leading to the steps, down the red brick walk to the picket gate as they made their way to the commissary across the tracks to surprise Hoss and make him laugh and play with them like he used to. 
They found him straddled his stool behind the counter, swapping notions with a man on the other side who had little bitty ears and a fat head. Actually, it was like his ears had sprouted out the sides of his head, mere blossoms in the act of unfolding. 
Big laugh, and Hoss said, "Yeah, and I can just hear Bernice when I tell her some ole head doc in Austria says it's good for my health to act out my unconscious desires." 
Grinning, the man leaned into the counter, cocking one heavy leg.   
Hoss looked at the girls in the doorway, sun raying around them, black as night, black as two sun-blackened piccaninies. One, teeny as a tree frog, but with enormous hair; the other, slightly pudgy, blond hair gone pewter with soot and straight as string. Their faded yellow-print sack shifts were soot-smudged, slept-in. "What the??" he said.
The girls whooped, stamping their feet. "We got you! We fooled you!"
Hoss laughed, but his heart wasn't in it. "My girls there, always trying to pull stuff on me," he said to the man who was pushing his glasses in place on his nose and smiling at the girls indifferently. 
Hoss reached over into a round glass jar of candy, fished out four pieces of horehound and passed it across the counter to the girls. "I ain't in no mood; you girls run on along now. Your mama gets back from Aunt Lonnie's, she's gonna take a switch to y'all."
A gentle giant, bald and bright, with thick blond eyebrows accenting his lit blue eyes, he looked eager to be rid of them and the man too. With Bernice gone to her sister's in Folkston, he was lost. He could handle the turpentine woods, the coloreds and the commissary, but the slack-less business of tending children and cooking and cleaning was as alien to his nature as preaching. Buck and Charlie, he didn't even bother to keep track of. The girls made him crazy, looking to him for food, clothes and fun.
"Lighten up, loosen up, live!" he would tell Bernice when she griped about having to do it all herself. From across the tracks, at the commissary, Bernice's household had seemed to practically run it self. One chore spinning off another-breakfast, dishes, laundry, dinner, dishes, children, supper, dishes. Now the house was a wreck and the cow hadn't been milked in two days. He couldn't wait to hand over the girls to Bernice again and go back to being daddy-fun, funny and closed to complaints and favors.
The girls started out of the store with their candy.
"Hey," Hoss called after them, "don't y'all go back in the house with that smut on you, hear? Go down to the creek and wash up."
Tommy looked at Merry Gay going down the porch steps. "To the creek! Mama's gonna die if she finds out."
"Don't tell her," Merry Gay said, sucking on her candy. "Don't tell her he tried to sweet-talk that hussy into cleaning up the house either."
Leaf smoke was on the air, children's laughter arching over the Crossing, dogs barking and women calling. Sweet-tart candy on their tongues, the girls ambled on back across the tracks, a little afraid of going to the creek without their mother, a lot afraid of not doing what their daddy had ordered.
 For a fact, Bernice would switch them for smearing themselves with soot, but she would whip them too for going to the creek by themselves. Hoss wouldn't whip them either way, but he might turn them over to the woman their mama had called a hussy. Then all hell would break loose when Bernice got home. One thing was clear, and getting clearer, they had to wash off the soot.  
They were at that point beginning to feel silly; half the town had seen them and come down on them for making a mess. Plus, the soot made their skin itch and draw like alum. Women on their porches threatened to take a switch to them. Another woman sweeping leaves shamed them for disgracing Bernice, who was off doing her Christian duty by seeing to her sick sister. Even the children, the girls' former playmates, threw sticks and sicked their dogs on them.
In summer, they never wore shoes, except when they went to church or had to walk with Bernice the long half-mile to the creek. This time they had no shoes, hadn't even seen their shoes since the day Bernice left for Folkston, a day's ride from Moniac Crossing along the same dusty, winding, rutted road they were now walking. Soles so blistered from the hot white sand they had to walk on the sides of their feet. To walk in the straddles of dead grass or along the weed-choked road shoulders was to invite snakes to bite their black feet. Ahead and all around, nothing but gauzy trees in the sun-haze, baked weeds and the clicking of dry grasshoppers now and then hopping from the road shoulders to the wagon-tracked strips of dirt. Smells of pine tar and wood smoke from a wild fire rumored to be burning in the nearby Okefenokee Swamp. It had been burning most of the summer and would continue to burn till the fall rains set in.
 Alone now, just two little black sisters, they could hear coming up on them from behind wagon wheels trundling and the musical jangling of pots and pans. They were getting set to cross down to the creek embedded in woods on the right through a patch of bright yellow Brown-eyed Susans when the mule-drawn rolling store appeared around the last curve. 
The top-heavy body of the wagon rocked over ruts, and when it stopped all that was stored behind the lift-up walls along the sides jangled on like children in a rhythm band were playing inside.  The tall, skinny man on the bench of the wagon was wearing a tweed wool suit and a gray bowler hat, the brim of which pinned his drab black curly hair down over his ears. He looked like a scarecrow. 
"Purty morning for a walk, ain't it girls?" he called down in a mock-friendly crackled voice, still holding to the lead-lines. The gray mule drooped, belly, back and eyes. He looked asleep.
The girls nodded yes, twisting their bodies but with bare feet planted in the yellow flowers that made them look blacker. They'd never seen this man before but his being a stranger wasn't the problem. It was the fun-making tone of his voice, and he was ugly, next-to-the-ugliest man they had ever seen, which involved them in a way that beauty could not, being there was so much to mentally fix and cause them to feel superior, yet sorry for him: his black eyes drooped like the mule's, black beard scattered over a long jaw. His teeth were crooked and rotten and squeezed into a narrow horseshoe shape so that it was impossible for him to close his mouth. Pale skin dingy with smoke and dirt, plus he had the rounded fingertips of a thief. 
"Y'alles' mammy know where y'all off to?"
They only stood there, but reached for each other's hands.
"How old are you, sister?" he asked Merry Gay.
"Nine," she said. "Almost ten."
"And you, little girl?" he said to Tommy, who looked tinier with her wild fat hair.
"She's nine too," Merry Gay said, not waiting for Tommy to answer. They were out of candy and Tommy was gnawing on a finger to make do. 
The man took off his hat, fanning with it. Wiggling his thin crooked nose and sniffing the air as he stared off at the woods. "Y'all wouldn't happen to know where a fellow could get some cool water round here, would you?" His voice rose high, then low, crackling. He reached down to the floor of the wagon and lifted a round crock jug with a flat bottom and shook it. "Fresh out," he said.
"Creek's down the bank there," Merry Gay said. "Spring bubbles out of the ground on this side."
He leaped from the wagon with his jug, legs like tomwalkers and shadow like a pine. He stopped the other side of the drowsing gray mule, waist high to the animal and gazing over, gaping at the girls. He ducked down and stood again, and the girls began to laugh. Again he ducked down and when he showed at last he was at the back of the wagon with its little flattop house aboard.  A rolling store. Or was it? Maybe he had stolen children inside, breathing, waiting.
The girls laughed anyway, swinging their arms from linked hands.
He had their attention then and he proceeded to take a quarter from his pocket and make a fist and when he opened his fist the quarter was gone. Then he reached up and pulled it from behind his hairy left ear.
Tricks over, the man walked past them through the flock of yellow flowers, heading down-bank toward the creek. He stopped, looking back. "Y'all right pretty for two little nigger gals," he said. 
They giggled. At least they'd fooled him.
"Hey," he said, "y'all wouldn't mind showing me where that spring's at, now would you?"
"I'll show you," Merry Gay said, following him loping down-bank against the slope, Tommy close behind.
His long legs folded at the knees and his heels kicked high in black shoes. It was a steep drop through green ferns, reeds and willow scrub to the narrow black slow-moving stream. Cool wet green smells heightened by contrast with the hot dusty road. Dark stobs had taken on the color of the water and reddening tupelo berries floated like fishing corks.
The girls watched as the man knelt on one knee and positioned the mouth of his jug over the clear pulsing spring, laying the round dirt-colored crock on its side in the routed sandy stream coursing through the brush to the glaring opaque water of the creek below. 
"We fooled him," Tommy whispered to Merry Gay.
Filling his jug, the man glanced back at them. 
"Let's go bathe." Merry Gay led off downstream along the bank.
They'd been loosely cautioned not to talk to strangers, but it was sometimes hard to determine adult stranger from mere adult, who they were supposed to be polite to. What was it Bernice always said? "Most men I wouldn't trust with my chickens." Something like that. But any man this ugly would have to be safe. He probably had a good heart. They'd learned in Sunday school that God looks at the inside not the outside.
Playing in the waist-deep pool of black water, wearing only their sack drawers, some thirty minutes later, laughing, having scrubbed their bodies and heads with sand, they had forgotten the rolling store man until they looked up at the bank and saw him squatting there, gumming a twig, watching them. He was holding a different jug, another earthen crock, taking delicate swigs, like a man enjoying his whiskey of an evening. Yes, whiskey-any man drinking whiskey was a threat, according to Bernice.
Following a good scrubbing, Merry Gay's sooty hair had turned scare-booger beige and Tommy's skin was algae green, matching the rock walls on the far side of the stream that blocked them should they decide that they needed to escape the ugly stranger. But not yet. For then, it was only a sense that he might be up to something, though unfathomable, that could result in a fall, a rip in their tender skin, bleeding. 
"Why you reckon he's watching us like that?" Merry Gay said low to Tommy on her left. She sank down on her knees, lipping the cool tickling surface of the wobbling water. 
"I don't know," Tommy said, still standing but hugging her thin upper body. "I wanta go home. I want my mama."
"How do we get past him?"
Tommy's hair was still fat, even wet, glittery and bushed out bigger than her whole green doll-like body. She wouldn't let Bernice cut her hair because it might hurt and there was no way to comb it, short of yanking it out by the roots. So, it just grew there, bunching up into itself at her bony true shoulders, like a hair sack, or the living pelt of an animal that had been skinned.
They couldn't escape by way of the east bank because of the high rock walls. They could gator crawl-slow, slow, not to draw attention to themselves-down the creek and head up-bank on the east side, but that seemed scarier because they'd be further from the road they'd come in on. The man might follow and do to them whatever it was he had in mind, whatever it was that Bernice feared some man doing to her chickens.
Already he was standing, as if waiting to grab them when they came out of the water.
"Let's just stay underwater till we get downstream around that curve," Merry Gay whispered. "Maybe he's playing with us, and what if we hurt his feelings? He'll take it as a slight because he's ugly." She tasted the water, mineral, bitter, but soft, staring down at her reflected scare-booger beige hair. She didn't look all that good herself, she decided.
They gator crawled up to the curve, terrified to look around. When they dared, they saw the man following along the bank as if he was playing a game only he knew the rules to.
"He is following us," Tommy said, whimpering, water balancing on the level under her chin. "What does he want?"
Merry Gay didn't answer, she didn't know. Maybe it had something to do with things whispered behind women's hands. Once she'd overheard Bernice and a neighbor lady talking about a little colored girl being "messed up" by her own daddy. "Oughta cut out his balls." Balls were what hung between Merry Gay's brother's legs, like pickled eggs in the jug at the commissary, when they swam naked. 
They felt trapped in a cave or a well, closed in by rocky banks of green that shed a queer green light on the black mirror of water. The combined ringing of katydids and the cheeping of frogs skimmed across the surface, a sound so shrill and alive it made their ears pop, their bodies cringing in fear and waiting for the blue sky overhead to go dark and whatever would happen to swoop down on them with talons of mythic birds.
"Let's run," Merry Gay said out loud, jumping to her feet and running on downstream. Splashing water, kicking high, till she and Tommy reached a deep eddy and had to dog paddle. Sudden silence in the absence of their splashing and the unreal presence of the man on the shore as if he had been there all the time, on the shore, only a few yards away, waiting for them to come out.
Sure enough: "You girls bout as well come out. You're liable to drownd in that ole deep hole."
"What you want, mister?" Merry Gay yelled.
Tommy was crying low, breathing fast.
He laughed; then spoke in that up-and-down grating voice. "Y'all in the habit of fixing up like little niggers? Fooling people?"
Merry Gay and Tommy turned, paddling upstream till they reached about two feet of water streaming over white scalloped sand and rock. Tired, hungry, terrified of the man who had turned now too, greeting them with a pull on his jug not twenty feet from where they were standing. The sun had moved from the center of the creek to the treetops behind him.
"Y'all done sprouted you some titties, I see." The man cackled out, setting his jug on the bank, and proceeded to shuck his boots, coat and pants.
The girls took advantage of his lapsed attention and again began slogging upstream, holding hands. Through sparkles of splashed water they could see him moving with them, hobbling barefoot along the bank with long white hairy legs sticking from his white under-shorts, his chest concave, ribby sides. Almost back to the place where they were bathing when he had happened up, they stopped, breathing hard. There was no way out.
Tommy began to cry loud. Open, blatting. "Ma-ma, Ma-ma, Ma-ma."
Merry Gay told her to hush. Then shouted, "Our daddy's gonna be here any minute. He's Hoss Rose, from up at the commissary at Moniac Crossing."
"Moniac, huh?" The man stepped out into the water, tender-footed and concentrating on what lay beneath. A stob, a chunk of soaprock. 
The girls angled toward the bank at the point where they had come down from the road. Moving, gazing back; moving faster, gazing back; Tommy calling, "Ma-ma, Ma-ma," every breath. Little and wet and smudged with soot, a green girl. Splashed water seemed to hang on the air.  Suddenly the man began stepping high and quick, headed for them, cutting them off as they frantically tried to reach the bank and run toward home, only a half mile away that seemed like the end of the world.
Almost there, almost to dry land, Merry Gay looked back and saw him lift Tommy from the water, her wiggling and screaming, but caught. The water hanging on the air began to fall like rain. Merry Gay wheeled and rushed at him, beating his pale pimpled back with her fists and clawing hair and flesh with her nails. "Put her down."
Tommy slipped from his grasp into the water, sank and rose, strangling and screaming, and he grabbed Merry Gay's flailing hands, holding them tight at the wrists, pinching off the blood.
It was Tommy's turn to fight him. She latched onto his upper right arm with her teeth. He let go of Merry Gay and hooked Tommy by the hair, lifting her from the water like a scruffed cat. Both girls squalling, beating, he sank back into the water, sitting up to his chest as if it was over, the game was.
Again they ran for the shore, holding hands and galloping. He sprang after them and caught Tommy's ankle and they went down again. Beating, flirting water, strangling.
He let go of Tommy's ankle and caught both girls by the hair, at the crown, dragging them back toward the deeper water. Laughing, holding them out, a safe distance from kicking feet and grappling hands, like gator prey.
"Ma-ma, Ma-ma, Ma-ma!"
A loud explosion sounded, resounding in echo like a blast of dynamite, and tremors vibrated from the man's hands to the girls' heads and the jarred water. His face bloomed with blood red as roses. He let go and sank back again, this time, head and all, red foam rising with bubbles.
On the bank where the girls had come down, Bernice stood in her gray traveling suit and hat with a tall waving feather, rifle out before her.

It should have been over then but it wasn't.
At first, the town seemed only scared, scared for their children to leave the house. Then the teacher, one of the Elton twins (she was called The Other Twin because her sister, Miss Ellie, was simple-minded but sweet and The Other Twin was a witch) shifted the focus, pointing out that Merry Gay and Tommy should be separated. Merry Gay smearing herself with soot was a sure sign of budding psychological problems. Bernice was to blame. There were certain ingrained behaviors in Negroes; Negro girls knew too much, were hot-blooded, and would ruin a white child like a sandspur seed in a corn patch. Merry Gay's innocence was on the line. They weren't children anymore. Then the aggregate blame dwindled down to Tommy. She had seduced the man with the rolling store, endangering precious white innocent Merry Gay. 
A group of church ladies came to the Rose house to pray that Bernice would own up to her mistake in letting her own daughter be raised with a Negro child. What about the future? What about when Tommy got grown (thirteen was the agreed age) and began teaching Merry Gay all kinds of tricks. Merry Gay painting herself black was a bad sign; pray it wasn't too late. Wouldn't Negro boys come sniffing around and Merry Gay, having been raised not to respect the difference, fall prey to one of them?
Bernice threw the women out.
Man to man, the men talked to Hoss at the commissary. It was his duty to separate the girls, seeing as how Bernice didn't have the heart. One man said his wife had a pet milk cow and when the cow quit giving milk, the wife refused to let him sell her. He sold her anyway. For the wife's own good. Women were soft-hearted and weak and it was up to the men to protect them from their own God-given sweet nature. Bernice would get over it. Once Tommy was gone, Bernice would be fine. 
Hoss cussed the men out and ran them off.
The Other Twin expelled Tommy from the one room school, where she and Merry Gay went, for being a bad influence on her other students. Little girls weren't allowed to play with either Merry Gay or Tommy. Those same little girls were prompted to say that Tommy had indeed been "talking dirty."
Merry Gay wouldn't go to school without Tommy; Bernice could send her but she wouldn't stay. She would sneak back and she and Tommy would huddle in their bedroom or underneath the house, terrified of being separated. The rolling store man no longer seemed the villain or even a problem; they'd never doubted that they could lick him, together they could do anything. 
For the girls, there were boundaries then: Underneath the house on a floor of rat-smelling dust, with an overhang of cobwebbed, foot-adzed beams, they would listen to their mother's footsteps. They would listen for any word about what would become of them-jail, whippings, separation. Anytime now, Bernice might stop walking the floors, their ceiling, and decide to hand them over to the enemy. Hoss might give in; after all, the girls had been such trouble while Bernice was gone.
They didn't cry, were too scared to cry. Sometimes Bernice would mumble to herself. Other times she shouted at Hoss and he shouted back. Hoss was to blame for not watching the girls better; Bernice was to blame for being gone. Buck and Charlie's feet thundered through the house. The Other Twin was possibly the only person, except for Hoss, who Buck and Charlie feared. She'd long ago flogged one of their buddies with a buggy whip and left him for dead on the schoolyard. They had scooped him up and left that day, reading, writing and rithmatic be-damned. 
Tommy and Merry Gay listened for their own names-surely they were to blame. They never heard that though. They never heard even the rolling store man blamed.
Hoss and Bernice passed along comments from their neighbors, who said what to whom. What to do? Bernice said ignore it; Hoss said confront it. "Don't, the girls won't never be let alone to grow up normal."
Underneath the kitchen floor, there was solace in the aroma of a cake baking. There was solace in the fact that their mother and daddy were standing over them, watching over them.
Merry Gay, seated flat on the dirt, facing Tommy on her filthy knees, pulled from her skirt pocket a rolled book. "I brought you your reader." She passed it to Tommy.
"You'll get in trouble." Tommy took the book, smoothing it flat on her lap. Still, the pages rolled up. They were never allowed to take books home, and any student caught rolling a book would be switched on the back of the knees till they bled.
Tommy had whacked off her hair with Bernice's scissors and she looked shrunk, stubble sticking up all over her perfect head. She looked like a dust bunny beneath a bed. She handed the book back. "I don't want it."
Their spotted dog was baying at them, barking and pawing up dust along the northeast corner of the kitchen. But outside, it was raining, slow rain dousing the fire in the Okefenokee and soaking the frost-burned weeds and parched dirt of the yard. A tinny patter and smack all around. 
"You're the best reader. The Other Twin always says so." Merry Gay tried to give the book back to Tommy, to make her take it.
"You sing the best," Tommy said.
"I just sing."
"I just read." Tommy took the book from Merry Gay and tossed it at the furiously baying dog. He backed up; then lunged again, barking.
Tommy said, "I'm not going back to school."
"Me neither."
Tommy's inky eyes blared. "What did I do?"
"I don't know." True, Merry Gay did not know, but she knew what was being said. "They don't know either."
"I'm a nigger-that's it."
"What the hell is that?" Hoss asked Bernice in the kitchen above the girls.
"Hair. Tommy's hair. She cut it."
"Why?"
"I guess she figured wouldn't hurt no more than what she's been through already. Or maybe she was just punishing herself."
Hoss didn't answer.
Merry Gay, under the house, said, "Daddy'll fix it. Him and Mama."
The dog was getting closer, seemed likewise to have turned against them, after them feeding and playing with him all that time.
"That dog's driving me crazy," Hoss said to Bernice. "What ails him?"
"He's barking at the girls under the house."
"Merry Gay! Tommy! Get out from under there." Hoss stamped his boots; the girls' ceiling rocked.
"What happened?" Tommy asked. "I mean at the creek that day."
"Like Mama said, not anything we did."
"Then why??"
"I don't know."
"Where will I go?"
Merry Gay had heard that Tommy might have to go live across the tracks. "I'll go with you. I'm the one to blame for daring you to let's be little colored girls and fool daddy."
"He's not my daddy. Mama's not my mama now."
Merry Gay said, "Buck and Charlie put a dead cat in the teacher's well to get back at her for what she did." 

A town meeting was called at the Masonic Lodge, upstairs over the commissary. No Negroes, no children, only white adults who would determine the best action in light of Bernice and Hoss's refusal to separate the girls. Their preacher was there; their teacher was there; the whole town including Hoss and Bernice, who were a bit late, a lot hot. Meeting already in progress, they sat on the last row. Heads turned to acknowledge their presence in the open room warmed by a black iron heater blazing to the left of the podium up front, lanterns hanging from the solid raw walls producing a shadowy orange cast on the faces of their neighbors-strangers. It was cold out, the first really cold night, and they were all bundled up in heavy coats reeking of mothballs that the burning oak in the stove couldn't thwart. 
In deference to Hoss and Bernice, or maybe out of fear, the man at the podium, a long-tall farmer with a planed face, toned down what he was saying, but stuck to his speech on the dangers of mixing whites and Negroes, the cursed offspring of Ham. "Anybody ever seen blackbirds and bluebirds mix?"
"No," they all said.
The Other Twin, tall and thin and tight-lipped with a hard knot of faded red hair on her nape, turned to eye Bernice and Hoss. Her twin, Miss Ellie, beside her was smiling obliviously. Funny how a smile can soften a face; how that smile redeemed her from permanent twin-ness.
"What we got here's a clear-cut case of bad judgment," the farmer said, shouldering his heavy green coat over clean bib overalls. "We let it go, and who's to say a few years from now we won't be mixing all up and down the tracks. Before long won't be no white race, we don't put a stop to it now."
Mumbles of agreement sounded throughout the room. Eyes cutting back at Hoss and Bernice with their arms crossed, seemingly willing to be hauled to the cross.
Then Hoss stood, shedding his coat to the bench behind, scratching his right forearm under the rolled sleeves of his brown-plaid flannel shirt as he stepped over Bernice's crossed feet and out to the aisle between the pine church pews, headed for the front. Under his right arm he was carrying a small white stuffed pillowcase with pink embroidered flowers, top folded down; hearing side to side his neighbors whispering behind their hands. Hateful remarks toned down as before out of respect and maybe fear of the great man.
The farmer sat down on the front pew, waiting, gritting his toothless gums. Let it be known he was a fair man, agreeable to hearing both sides. Not that it would change his thinking.
Hoss was still scratching his arm when he stepped behind the podium and placed one heavy work boot on the base, and the pillowcase of-what?-on top of the slanted rectangular top and leaned into the podium with his arms resting on the bag like a cushion. "Ole canker sores," he said, scratching, "Got blistered riding the woods yesterday." He stood tall, packing his shirt into his dark twill pants, belt warped from supporting his hard flat belly.
Everybody stared at the pillowcase, as if expecting some sleight of hand from Hoss. 
"Okay," he said, blue eyes bright in his bright face. "You got a point here, maybe. I been thinking, me and Bernice, and maybe we all oughta try cleaning up our houses."
 Suddenly he wheeled like a heated preacher, speaking louder."YOU!" He pointed at The Other Twin on the second row, who looked stricken by his abrupt tone-change and by being singled out. Her right hand flew up to her heart. 
"It's a known fact, Miss Faye, that your own daddy, The Colonel, had slaves and was known for taking his business to the quarters." 
Toning down again, he addressed the crowd then. "Know what I mean? Beg your pardon, ladies, but ain't no nicer way to put it." 
Miss Ellie nodded as if he'd just paid Daddy a fine compliment. 
People throughout the hall began hanging their heads, mumbling. This was not how it was supposed to go. Besides, Hoss seemed to be hinting at the long-ago scandal in the Elton house in which a hideously deformed boy baby all at once appeared as if dropped by the stork on a household of virgins. Apparently, Miss Ellie had gotten with child while being courted by an out-of-town lawyer. Nobody knew for sure, but shortly before the baby got dropped, both twins had gone on an extended overseas trip after the old colonel had broken up the affair between his simple-minded daughter and the lawyer. 
Then?well, the rest was history and best laid to rest. Poor Miss Ellie, so sweet, so fun, was doomed to unwed motherhood and the object of the town's salty sympathy. Not to mention being cast as a living example of what might happen to other loose young women if they didn't behave.
Hoss was practically shouting now, scanning with those cold Irish eyes for his next victim. "YOU!" He pointed straight-armed at a scrawny sun-tanned man scooting down, second row on the right. "You look like a man's got some colored in you, how come you don't burn up out in the corn field walking behind that mule." 
The man rose to his feet as if to dispute Hoss but sat again as Hoss moved on side to side with his long finger pointing at this, that and the other one. Stopping on a woman on his right who was tall but stoop-shouldered and for the record had up till then held her peace. Hoss lowered his voice, almost apologetic. Almost. "Miss Becky, rumor is your own grandmother had things to do with one of the colored field hands back before your mammy was born." 
Moving quickly now that deadly finger, before Miss Becky could protest, though she was sobbing low, scandalized, Hoss stopped dead center between the eyes of a stalwart but short man with white hair, who held Hoss's deadly stare. "Mr. Miller, ain't it a fact you was wet-nursed by a colored mammy after your mama died?"
Mr. Miller nodded, even smiled. "Wouldn't be here now if it wadn't for her."
Not a sound in the room but the ticking of the heater whose fire was dying down.  Cold now seeping in through the walls that had absorbed the heat of so many righteous battles they should have been riddled as by woodpeckers seeking burrowing beetles. 
"Me," Hoss continued, "I'm Irish. Proud of it. But wadn't too many years ago, my people was looked down on like dogs. Men in my family didn't own no slaves-too poor, for one thing. But they wadn't a bit above taking some poor lil ole colored gal when they got a little drink in them."
A few men laughed, nudging each other.
"So," Hoss said, leaning into the podium again, eyeing them side to side, "let's all sort out our younguns, get their blood lines straight and get em settled in on the west side of the tracks. Don't matter where you love em or not. Get over it! This is business. We can come out lily-white on the east side of the tracks; and while we're at it, let's don't let no more coloreds work our gum-woods for us. We'll do it ourselves. We'll buckle down and a few generations from now our blood'll be so white won't even run red when we cut ourselves."
"You just fooling with us now," one of the men shouted.
"Yeah," somebody else said.
The farmer on the first row yelled out, "I got Indian in me, same as your wife. Ain't nothing wrong in that. Ain't like having nigger blood."
Hoss slammed a fist on the podium. "It's worse out west."
The crowd roared their disagreement. Then leveled out to a thin hum as if waiting for what Hoss would say next. 
"What's in the sack?" a woman asked.
Hoss held up the stuffed pillowcase. "Oh this," he said, opening it and peeping inside first, then reaching in as he spoke. "This here's just a little something I thought y'all might get a kick out of." 
Slowly he pulled out a clumped nest of black hair and held it up for them to see. "Tommy's hair," he said. "Wouldn't let Bernice cut it cause it might hurt. Then the other day, she took Bernice's scissors and cut it off herself." He looked at the hair which looked knitted into one piece. "Bernice says she figures Tommy come to the notion that after all's been done to her, wouldn't hurt her no worse to cut off her hair."
 He placed the hair tenderly back into the pillowcase, leaving his hand inside. "I don't know about y'all," he said, staring out at the crowd, "but a lil ole youngun doing that kinda breaks my heart."
Again he pulled out his hand, bringing with it a tangle of straight blond hair like corn silks. "Merry Gay's hair," he said. "She cut it off because her sister cut hers off, same way they did when they took a notion to paint theirselves with chim'bly smut, playing with me. That's what younguns do. But most of the time ain't a bunch of grownups making a big fuss over it. Still, and all, me and Bernice want to do the right thing." 
He dumped the pillowcase sack of hair to the top of the podium, parting it carefully so that the blond lay on one side and the black hair on the other. "So, y'all sort out your younguns, who's colored and who's white, and we'll do the same." 
 Here, Hoss stood back and began scratching his arm again, as if he was done talking. "You, preacher," he said finally, nodding to a feeble bald man seated next to the teacher, comforting her. "You bring us a written guarantee that everybody's took an accounting of their younguns' blood-black, red or white-and put them where they belong. Then me and Bernice will let Tommy go."

***

Angels turned devils at ten, in the town's eye, Merry Gay wouldn't go to school and Tommy couldn't go to school. Or maybe she could go, but Bernice and Hoss had gradually over the winter lost the drive, desire, or ambition to test the town. Actually they had dropped out of society all together, dazed as bears wandering from their caves before the spring thaw. People under the spell of conjoined dreams. Of course, nobody had brought forth proof of pure bloodlines, and neither had they sorted their children by color as Hoss had demanded. He hadn't expected that. He was just mad.
Then even that passed.
He began opening up the commissary when he felt like it. Bernice whipped up britches for the girls-strange two-panel garments with drooped crotches of flannel outing ripped from gathered skirts. Even a pair for herself of yellowed black-and-white hound's-tooth wool that looked brown, which she had cut down from a pair of Hoss's old suit pants worn before his lost respect. With her stick legs and thick body, nobody could dispute that she was the ugliest woman ever at Moniac Crossing. And the meanest (she beat up the hussy with an ugly stick, a thorny stout switch growing in the nearby woods). And the laziest (fall leaves on her porches and hall would stay till the March winds blew them away). And the sorriest mother (she didn't cook and she let her girls loaf and eat candy any old time).
It was as if these were the real Roses and those before had been only propped up people about to fall. It was as if they were?well, white trash. A hardened leather work boot, minus half a sole and tongue, lay moldering at the front gate, kicked about now and then but never picked up.
Tommy and Merry Gay would eat candy on the commissary steps in the frosty morning sunshine while the other children at the Crossing passed on their way to school. Schoolgirls in black stockings, jealous and showing it by sticking out their tongues. But mostly Tommy and Mary Gay loafed. Not really into mischief-it takes energy to get into mischief. They didn't go to church. Tommy's wooly gapped hair grew out to a bush. Nobody in the household could resist touching it, as if traumatized by its brittle bulk, or like a charm that might change their hard-luck lives. Both girls looked like boys, or like hobos freighted in on the trains blowing through like the winter wind. Tommy's eyes looked bruised underneath from lack of sleep. She claimed the devil was chunking dirt rocks at her all night. At first Bernice would sweep the crumbling clods of hard dirt from beneath Tommy's bed into the fireplace, but she soon quit and let it pile up.
Buck and Charlie, in their twenties then, had to buckle down and take charge for the first time in their lives. They had to keep up their daddy's turpentine business during the day, come home whipped and disgraced by being reduced to children, or women, whose usual job it was to tote in firewood. 
The girls were in britches, loafing on a cold March Monday morning while the wind caught its breath. The lane before the tracks was wind-swept, the sun at eight o'clock so bright it blinded them as it welled up behind the bare branches of shed water oaks and pecan trees. From the third row, east side of the frost-twinkling tracks, Tommy and Merry Gay now at the commissary could hear the stilted laughter of the school children, could hear The Other Twin shaking her black iron hand bell for end of recess. Same bell she used for fire drills and knocking heads, leaving little ears ringing while a lump formed on their skulls like the ringing trying to break out. 
Really the girls had been feeling a bit sated on sugar and hooky before they heard that bell.
The commissary was closed; Hoss was sleeping late again. The other men had gone to the woods or to the hooper shed, next door to the schoolhouse. Heart of the community during winter, when the stubborn pine gum refused to run, the open shingle shed was gathering place for most of the workers. There, they cleaned their tools and mended the gum barrels, rapping out a musical beat with their hammers as they nailed loose metal hoops to the staves; then slathered to the gaps between staves, a fat-smelling glue rendered from cowhides and other waste saved from beef slaughtering. All done to the timed rhythm of the head man, the hooper at his wheel, whose job it was to man the wheel, turning, shaping and shimming new barrels from hoops and staves. A merry bright heat radiated from a constant fire with the sounds of rapping, talking and laughing. Nobody could resist stopping by to watch, at least once a day. At the shed, Merry Gay and Tommy whiled away countless hours of their belittled lives. 
Out in the woods yesterday they had wandered up on a runty Negro boy with a shovel standing atop a tar hill, five feet high at its topmost. He was wearing handed-down britches and oversized unlaced boots. The wind was whipping at his pants legs and flattening the seeps of smoke rising from the dirt that covered the smoldering layered wood below. Every so often he would pack the dirt with the shovel over the pips of rising smoke to keep the pine tar in the process of being rendered from erupting into flames. Then he stood again on lookout from his tar hill. 
At the foot of the hill, offside from the wind, a big yellow dog lay sprawled on his belly in the warm dirt.  
The girls had been warned never to climb up a tar hill, because it might cave in and they would be burned alive. Now it didn't matter. The big yellow dog came alive with barking as Tommy and Merry Gay scampered up the hot mound, for no good reason but for the risk and to get warm.
Holding the shovel handle like a gun, the boy called out in a whiney monotonous voice, "Y'all go on now, heah? Go on, fore the bossman take a stick to me." He sounded like a tired old man.
 They ignored him, standing next to him and gazing out at the green but wintering pinewoods, warm on the cooking dirt but for the north wind pushing at their backs. Shovel now on the ground where Merry Gay had slung it at the dog, growling and shining his teeth and digging out the dirt along the south end of the hill, trying to climb up after them. 
"Ain't no girls 'lowed up heah," the boy said. "Sides, Mammy say y'all ain't no normal whites and I ain't belong to be sociating with you- all. Now git!" He stomped one oversized unlaced boot and smoke seeped from the dirt like his shoe sole was on fire. 
"Now look what y'all gone and did," he said, skiing down the slope of the mound to retrieve his shovel. "This my hill; ain't you-alls'."
Still quarreling, while the dog barked and snarled and dug, he began packing the dirt along the south end of the hill, smoke furling around his wiry bent body and the dog.
By the time he got back to the hilltop, the girls were gone. Hidden in the woods, they watched him packing dirt over the ruptures of smoke with his bare hands. Then he stood again, on lookout, serving at least some lowly purpose on earth. 
From the commissary steps, where the girls now sat, they could hear the commotion at the hooper shed. Only the women were about, sweeping porches, hanging out wash, drawing water from the steaming wells. Smells of breakfast bacon clung on the still, cold air. Slow smoke rose and spread from the chimneys of the stained shingle roofs across the tracks. One chimney at the far south end of the lane was puffing smoke higher, blacker, growing from a plume to a settling heap. Waiting for Hoss to open up for their candy breakfast, the girls watched the smoke begin to pour around the stately white house with brick columns gracing the wide front porch.
"Looks like Miss Ellie's put too much lightered in the stove again," Merry Gay said.
"She's gonna set that poor ole boy of hers on fire one of these days." Tommy, tiny in big tartan plaid britches, leaped up and ran down the doorsteps. "Let's go."
Usually, on the sly, they called Miss Ellie's boy "Booger Boy"-all the town's children did-because of his elephantine features and zombie-like motions, but by all accounts he should have been a man. Only on odd occasions when Miss Ellie led him out on the porch while her sister was away teaching school did anybody see him. Till The Other Twin got wind of it, Miss Ellie used to walk Booger Boy along the lane some mornings. Him clumsy and huge in carefully-tied brogans, dogs surrounding, baying as they would a great bear lumbered up out of the woods. And Miss Ellie, head nigh halfway up to his wall-chest, holding his hand in one of hers, reaching up, while the other hand swung a stick at the spooked dogs holding their ground. 
Booger Boy was just there, inside the roomy fine house, known about but unknown, and on dark nights the children of the town would dare each other to walk up on the porch and peep through the window.  They said Booger Boy wandered the Crossing on moonlit nights. They said he slogged house to house on those slow size-twelve feet looking for children to snort up through his trunk.
Merry Gay took off running with Tommy across the commissary yard, hopping the icy railroad tracks. They could still hear their used-to-be classmates on the playground and The Other Twin shouting for them to line up after figuring they were having too much fun. When the girls reached the end of the lane, they could see the smoke billowing from the off-set white kitchen connected to the house by a dogtrot with a water-shelf and a black bell hung from a tall wood pole. Evergreen shrubs hugging the body of the house had smudged the white walls, as if Booger Boy had been scribbling with green ink.  
Almost to the kitchen, they could hear Miss Ellie's small side-button shoes stomping on the floor and her laughing between coughs and saying, "My mercy! My mercy!" Squirrels barked and scamped up the smoky pecan trees outside the open door, smoke bunching and creating a screen that turned the yellow sun to rose.
Through the kitchen door they could see Miss Ellie waltzing from the doorway to the pulsing red glow of the west wall, fanning smoke with her white apron, her dull red hair freed from its bun and flying like a kite tail. One minute she was there and the next she was gone into the smoke, bogged in smoke. "Mercy me! Mercy me!" Coughing, gagging, and laughing.
"Miss Ellie?" Merry Gay shouted from the bottom doorstep, covering her mouth and nose with her hands.
Tommy, beside her, was gagging, ducking, her eyes blinking back the bitter smoke.
Miss Ellie was still fanning her apron, lost in the roar of the fire that seemed to be burning beyond the west wall but showing only in seething red peeps. Now and then gusts of smoke poured from the open door and Miss Ellie was lost again. Only her white apron fanning smoke, she was no longer laughing, only gagging and coughing.
"I'm gonna go ring the bell for help," Merry Gay shouted, hopping from the doorstep beside Tommy and racing toward the breezeway. Like Miss Ellie vanished in smoke. 
When Miss Ellie showed again, a specter in a white apron, she was nearer the doorway and Tommy ran up the remaining doorsteps and grabbed her by her skirt-tail. Miss Ellie was bent over; when Tommy touched her she stood straight and yanked away and began fanning at the smoke again. Struggling to breathe, Tommy ran to the doorway and ducked out and filled her lungs with fresh air, then headed back into the rosy-lit smoke and heat of the kitchen, calling, "Miss Ellie, get out. Get out!"
"Honey, help me," she shouted. "Help me put out this fire."
The bell in the breezeway between the house and the kitchen clanged, a shrill punctuation in the bass roaring of the fire.  
"Miss Ellie," Tommy screamed through the smothering smoke. "Come on."
Miss Ellie turned her back on her, fanning at the rosy black flames breaking through the west wall and the thick slumped figure of the ageless man beating at the flames with his huge stiff hands and bellowing like a gator. Tommy caught Miss Ellie around the waist from behind, dragging, inching her toward the doorway. Every step, Miss Ellie was stamping on Tommy's toes, coughing, shouting, reaching toward the fire and Booger Boy only feet away from the burning wall.
"Merry Gay! Merry Gay! Hurry. Booger Boy's in here," Tommy shouted from the doorway.
Then she stepped back, tumbling from the top doorstep, with Miss Ellie landing on top of her-hard bones and heavier than she looked, but soft as dough. 
Merry Gay shot past them as Tommy rolled free and jumped to her feet, heading up the steps and into the fire-streaked smoke and meeting Booger Boy, grunting, coughing, feeling ahead like a blind man, with Merry Gay shoving him from behind toward the doorway. Walking backwards, Tommy grabbed both of his hands and guided him through the smoke toward the sunlight raying around her.
Suddenly the men from the hooper shed came hopping over the picket fence and two of them helped lead Booger Boy down the doorsteps, while the others began drawing water from the brick well by the pecan tree and passing it up into the burning kitchen. All were shouting, rushing and roaring as if born of the fire. 
Coughing, half-blind, Merry Gay and Tommy on the ground next to the doorsteps began dragging Miss Ellie by the arms toward the pecan tree and the stunned overgrown boy sitting on the dirt with his legs stretched out before him.
He was wearing a soot-smudged and scorched white nightshirt with some soft-looking, loose-fitting gray pants, which made him look neither male nor female. His wispy brown hair, growing in one clump from his crown, was singed and he gave off a bitter scorch smell.
 Miss Ellie jerked away from the girls and crawled on her knees to where the boy sat sprawled and dazed, only grunting, but low as if ashamed. His tremendous head was bowed, moss-gray eyes peering down at the leathery smoked hide of his hands spread on his legs. His crinkled face was the same shade, lusterless and absurd to the point of comical with its centerpiece elephant's snout and wide-spaced bumps of eyes. Cute the way an animal is cute.
Miss Ellie lifted one stuffed dirty hand and kissed it, crying, then bowed over him pressed one cheek to the up-held hand. The boy's eyes raised slowly as if he were shy, as if his lash-less lids were smithed of iron, and his eyes smiled in place of those thin rind lips hidden by his snout. He rolled his eyes toward the back gate and then the front and the hoards of people gathering in the yard, slow-blinking in the sunlight as a gopher peeking out from its hole.
Merry Gay, standing next to Tommy, whispered, "He's not so scary-looking to me."
"Not out in the open, he's not." Tommy's wiry hair looked melted.
The school children and The Other Twin, holding high her black iron hand bell, began filing through the back gate. 
"Sister, Sister!" Miss Ellie bawled, still on her knees and holding the boy's hand.  "Forgive me, forgive me. I almost burnt up your boy." She turned her head to look at Merry Gay and Tommy, then smiled. "Wadn't for these angels here we'd both be burned alive." 


CHAPTER 4

Yellow lights the dimness of about a single candlepower each had started to burn along the facing concave walls of the coach while Mary Gay's eyes had been shut. A muzzy light in which to rest after so many hours of brilliant sun and motion. In less than an hour, Merry Gay figured, they would be home and she looked forward to her own bed, to the lapse in the tilt and sway ingrained in her body and mind. The racket of the train had become static in her ears, and the closed stale car smell no longer seemed alien or even offensive. Like everything else from the long day, the train ride was shaping into Past, evolving as neither pleasant nor unpleasant memory, simply something done. She would sleep for the rest of ride, but first she had to go to the lavatory. She had to check on Buck and Charlie to be sure they were behaving.
Priss appeared asleep already, her head turned toward the aisle, pale hair covering the right side of her face. Merry Gay stood, sidling past her knees without touching. 
She looked up, sat up. "Where you going?"
"Where are you going?
Priss laughed at being corrected. She used to correct Merry Gay. Priss had a private tutor and Merry Gay had gone to the one-room schoolhouse in Moniac before the grades had phased out in her ninth year in school. She read and she knew how to speak, but her family's bad influence was greater: What they knew, they knew. And what they didn't know, they didn't need to know. Can you count your money, son? Can you sign your name, my daughter? If the answer was no, you weren't grown yet; if the answer was yes, you were ready to hit the woods and help eke out a living for your family.
Holding to the seat backs, stepping side to side along the aisle, she started for the closed door of the exit. She was out on the sliding grid beneath which the coaches coupled before she realized that Priss was behind her.
The train couplings clanked and the wheels howled, absorbing all thought and sound, like the merging night silence of insects, frogs and trains at Moniac Crossing, till Merry Gay pushed through the heavy spring-loaded door to the smoking car. There was a shock of racket and odors, an eruption of frenzied shadows, mad shouting and bumping about, trapped heat and tobacco smoke, whiskey, musk, urine, vomit. The coach was lit by the same dull yellow lights as in the ladies' coach but looked greasy through the smoke haze.
 The girls were suddenly caught up in the midst of the ball players gathered at the door they'd just entered, which was now closing with an eerie, final delayed action. Only one of the boys seemed to notice them, a husky blond fellow with bad teeth who pretended to be thrown into Merry Gay. He thrust his pelvis into hers, then grappled at her large breasts with fingers like iron hooks. She shoved him aside and reached back for Priss's hand. She looked scared for the first time since Merry Gay had known her. Her red face blanched in streaks. 
Free from the tangle of the strange ball players, the girls had no choice but to keep inching toward the other end of the smoking car and the familiar men from Moniac Crossing, a jumble of Negroes and whites, of Shirley's loyal men and the protestors from the St. Augustine depot.  
Open space was reduced to the arched ceiling, churning smoke and whiskey reek and the hellish flickering of the corrupted yellow light, deafening demon voices rising up as if seeking outlet. Halfway through the pitching, milling, shifting men, Merry Gay realized that at least two of them were fighting again. She saw Buck shove Wendell Shirley and another man sail astride Buck's back. No coat now, no vest, and Wendell's white shirttail was loose, the front unbuttoned, or ripped open maybe. Hemmed in good, the girls began fighting their way through the smothering heat and bodies, the rot stench and racket, toward the door that Merry Gay, in the lead, could only catch glimpses of, but never took her eyes off of-air, silence, freedom from the choking smoke and bumping bodies. Sulfurous light and darting shadows on the backs of men and peeps of wall and the ceiling above. Looked like bats darting at sundown. Sundown light, but the windows looked painted black.
All that was familiar to Merry Gay, in the press of men's flesh, was the grip of Priss's small soft hand. Merry Gay was large enough and strong enough to fend off the men's bodies, but they would crush and trample Priss if she didn't get through. Merry Gay shouted, pushing at them with her free hand, her throat on fire with screaming, her eardrums cringing to bursting point from all the noise. She looked around for Wendell, screaming his name, and saw Charlie ramming one of Shirley's men against the west wall, and Mike Ruis kneeling as if praying, maybe coddling a broken fist.
Like a family member lost his mind, Nate Shirley with his pistol out before him nudged right past the girls, looking over their heads and shouting, without seeing them. When he moved his huge hot bulk, blocking the way, Merry Gay could see the door leading out again. A dark seamed rectangle with dim yellow lights each side. She shoved hard against the bodies of men, in the senseless throes of attack, men charmed by hate beyond reasoning, twitching Priss along and feeling her hand stretch from her arm like rubber.
Screaming was pointless, so Merry Gay quit. She no longer felt even angry with Buck or Charlie or any of them, because she was almost out, almost free, and because it was pointless. 
So close to the door, but not as close as Merry Gay had thought and they were blocked again. A burly Negro man shot out from the crowd on the left side of the car and slammed his whole body against the door. It opened slowly, languidly, letting in a draft of cool air, as another Negro man popped up behind the man at the door and yelled, "You run from that man?"
"Will!" Merry Gay said but couldn't hear her own voice.
Will didn't seem to have heard her either, but he saw her, as he turned, ducked and dodged a man coming at him, almost flying from the midst of the shadowy wrangling men on the left side of the car. One swift motion and Buck appeared slung like a monkey and stuck on the back of the Negro man standing at the lazily closing door. Both buckled to the floor and somebody else piled on and when he moved Buck was gone, Will was gone, and the Negro man who'd tried to run rolled to one side, his throat gushing blood, his head loose as a tooth on a shred of flesh. 
Priss was beside Merry Gay now, encircling her body with both arms and crying, screaming soundlessly. Merry Gay gagged, smelling the warm sharp mold of raw blood that had spurted onto her dress.
Popping sounds all around and she knew it was gunfire. The smell of burnt gunpowder was proof. That, and Buck trying to get the hell out of there, appearing before the door again, skidding to a halt in the puddle of blood, dark hollow eyes peering behind for whoever was after him. Wendell Shirley strode up, like on his way out to the dining car, and throttled Buck in the jaw and both fell away, dissolving into shadows and mincing boots. 
Merry Gay charged forward with all her might, all her grit and strength forged from her determination to make it to the door and the cool tart air and the riveting motion and sound of the train, a rhythm that would set things right. 
She and Priss had to step over the Negro man with his throat cut, who was blocking the door. She cried, feeling his fingers smush like peach drupe under her right shoe heel. Then they were outside with the dusk-not even sundown yet!-and it seemed so long since Merry Gay had seen the after-sun, or thought she had, striking the treetops.
The smoking car door eased shut on the hellish sounds and smells, but the girls could hear each other screaming and crying. Merry Gay still listened with an ear pressed to the door while hugging Priss close.
Merry Gay had only sampled this kind of violence before, among the men in the quarters fighting, or Buck and Charlie drunk and at each other. Next morning they'd be buddy-buddy. Only the women remembering the terrifying fight. She tried to hold onto that morning-after calm.
Suddenly Priss broke free from Merry Gay and bolted toward the door, but Merry Gay caught her around the waist from behind. She was stronger than she looked but Merry Gay, nerved up and doped on adrenaline, pulled her away, both tripping and sprawling against the door of the coach leading to the lavatory.
"Listen! Listen!" Merry Gay shouted into Priss's blood-speckled face. "Honey, we can't go back through there."
"I wanta go back," she bawled. "I want my mama."
One of the men inside the smoking car slammed his body into the door; it whooshed open-smoke, blood and vomit smells, shouting and gunshots.
Merry Gay and Priss cowered, covering their heads with their arms, waiting for the impact of many bodies. The door whooshed shut again, and they were alone, unharmed, momentarily paralyzed.
"Get up," Merry Gay shouted, scrambling to her feet, practically lifting the slender girl who felt limp, but thankfully had forgotten her mama or was willing to follow Merry Gay instead.
Merry Gay shoved open the door to the dining car and began walking Priss into the silent hall stained ruby-red from the wine carpet and velvet curtains, either backlit with sun or the lights of the dining car. She opened the ladies' lavatory door easy, stepped inside with Priss and closed the door, latching it. Hugging each other they listened to the coach door whoosh open and shut. Heavy boots pounding but padded by the carpet, somebody was running along the hall, circling back before the lavatory door; then passing through the coach door again.
How long the girls stood there in the stench of old perfume and toilet chemicals they didn't know, they couldn't tell, but the tiny rectangular window over the miniature porcelain bowl showed smoky sun and streaming treetops.
"Priss, I have to go check on Buck and Charlie and them. I have to."
"No, don't leave me. If you leave me I'll die." She hugged Merry Gay tighter.
"No you won't die, Priss. Men do this sometimes and it doesn't amount to a hill of beans. Remember how they were fighting at the depot back there?"
Priss nodded, then let go, and they stood looking at the blood on the skirt of Merry Gay's dress. "Then why don't we just stay here till help comes?" 
A good point, but Merry Gay had never been able to hide her eyes. She had to look out a window during a thunderstorm. "I have to go. Now you latch the door behind me and don't you dare unlatch it till I come back for you. Understand?"
"Yes." Priss was biting her nails, spitting them out to the stained and matted wine rug. Her hands were shaking. Freckles of blood on her face, a brave smile.
Merry Gay unlatched the lavatory door and stepped out, staring up and down the empty corridor. The partition of wine curtains trembled as if somebody from the dining car was about to part them but turned out it was only the motion of the train. "Latch the door," she whispered to Priss.
"Be careful, Merry Gay."
"I will." Merry Gay stood listening to the metal latch slide into place. Then with her back pressed to the vibrating wall, she inched forward, eyes on the door leading out to fresh air and the next door, a removed point from which to listen to the goings on in the smoking car.
Just as she passed through the door of the dining car, Mike Ruis burst out the door of the smoking car and leaped over the railing on the west side of the train, compact body cannon-balling down a ditch of close dry grass and weeds, Buck right behind and then Charlie in his thick glasses misted with blood. Expecting more men behind them, Merry Gay fixed her eyes on the roaring crowd and festering yellow light of the smoking car, then the slowly closing door. The boys had looked straight at her, hadn't seen her. She dashed across the sliding quavering grate over the car couplings and holding to the railing each side of the steps she leaned out, expecting to see Buck and Charlie rolling down the ditch like Mike Ruis, but saw only pines streaming past with streaks of the low crimson sun like the woods were on fire.
Again the door of the smoking car opened, leaking curses and shouts, and Merry Gay rushed from the railing to a black closet-like canister, to the left of the door, peeping around to see Nate Shirley holding out what looked like a shotgun, crossing to the dining coach door, kicking it, then shoving it open with one hand and bawling as he passed through, "You son of a bitches, I know you're in here."  Only seconds later, it sounded like one of the flimsy lavatory doors opened and slammed shut, then loud gun fire, then low gunfire as the dining car door closed, muffling it.
Back to the wall, Merry Gay sidestepped out to the west railing again, wind whipping at her face and hair, smoke and cinders chuffing and streaming low from the engine up ahead. Above on the low roof extension was the decal warning her to watch her head. Leaning farther out this time, she scanned the fast moving dirt and trees, looking for Buck and Charlie but saw instead an old man with a donkey watching the train cars pass.
The door of the dining car signaled it was opening with the whooshing sound and she hurried back to her hiding place behind the canister. Cold now, freezing, with the heavy clackety-clack alive in her ears, she watched Nate Shirley emerge. Wild-eyed, face afire, he stepped out to the connector between cars, shouting, "I got em, I got those son of a bitches." The smoking car door opened. "Locked up in the ladies' lavatory, bunch of pussies. Shot em dead through the door."
Before the smoking- car door could close on the racket and stench, Merry Gay was passing through the door of the dining car, running, screaming, stopping at the door of the ladies' lavatory. The door was sprayed with jagged round holes about the size of a pea.
"Priss! Priss! Open the door. Priss! Open the door. Say something, Priss." She pressed her right cheek and ear to the door, looking down and listening with strained concentration; then sank to the wine carpet in the brighter wine blood she could see spreading from beneath the door. Same color as the carpet, so that you could almost believe it was water seeping. Almost.
"No! No, no. Oh, God no!" She knelt there crying, on her hands and knees, feeling the warm blood like silk. Like Priss's hair. Like Priss's hand stretched from her arm like rubber. Priss who had stood up on the yacht and boldly corrected the strange man who had made a joke of Merry Gay's name when he introduced her, "Her name is Merry Gay Rose."
The train began slowing, brakes squalling, rocking and halting. No bell and no whistle.
Again she ran out to the connector, past her hiding place, and leaned over the railing. About a quarter-mile up the tracks, she could see the white two-story commissary and depot at Moniac Crossing blending into the early twilight produced by the background thicket of vine-bound black-gums, bays, oaks and brush. Then she saw Charlie crawling out from underneath one of the cars up the line, rising to his feet without looking behind or breaking motion, and running-that clumsy shambling he did in a hurry or caught out in the rain-running out toward the west woods, where Buck was chasing the sun finally going down.
From her hiding place, Merry Gay observed the WATCH YOUR HEAD on her left and the Negroes running past, scattering out into the woods where Buck and Charlie had gone. She observed the WATCH YOUR HEAD on her right and the women and children from the ladies' coach being ushered along the east side of the train toward Moniac Crossing by the tall gaunt-faced ticket-taker, who had that morning given directions to the lavatory to her and Priss.  Though it was dusk and the women seemed to fuse into one another, Merry Gay could see their stunned faces. In spite of the talking and shouting in the smoking car and up and down the tracks, she could hear them crying.  She heard her name on her mother's lips, calling her, and Miss Moxie saying, "They said not to look. But I'm a woman and I was curious. Bodies were stacked like cordwood and blood was running out the door."
"Ladies, move along!" somebody behind them yelled. "Go to your houses and stay there."
The children were bawling. A woman called out, "Priss? Priss?"
"Go on now, we'll find her," said the man. It was Deputy Sheriff Threet, who everybody hated. Dingy eyewhites and short round body-double-tongued Threet.
"My husband and daughter," Priss's mother shouted. "Where are they?"
Merry Gay felt stuck to the wall, stuck in her corner. Numb. She couldn't go out yet, she couldn't tell about Priss.
WATCH YOUR HEAD.
There was a regular parade of train officials and men passing rapidly through the breezeway-like connector between the dining car and the smoking car but the women were gone. No shouting now. Lots of commotion in the smoking car, but no shouting now. One voice rose above it all-Nate Shirley's. He didn't know yet that he'd just killed his favorite grandchild. Merry Gay wanted to tell him. She felt at peace and redeemed knowing she would tell him, at some point. That morning-after calm settled over her; the women's voices, talking, crying, calling, were dwindling out.
A door slammed in one of the houses up the way and across the tracks. Somebody screamed. Gunfire. Then every dinner bell at Moniac Crossing commenced with cumulative iron donging, donging, a sound Merry Gay was accustomed to hearing for occasional alerts of bad weather, and house fires, and daily to signal dinnertime to the men in the woods. But rarely all at once. 
Merry Gay sank to the floor with her knees raised, placing her head on her crossed arms. The voices of the men in the smoking car rose and pitched; somebody was running along the track on her side of the train, not seeing her, going on, shoes brattling gravel and brattling out to nothing.
More shots.  She smelled woodsmoke. The bells were still being rung, but with fewer dongs now.
The smoking car was alive again with muddled voices, shouting.  Deputy Sheriff Threet was yelling somewhere along the tracks.
The steam engine chuffed, the train rocked a few feet forward and stopped again as if in warning. She had to get off. She ran to the train steps, squatted and jumped, tripping on the bloody hem of her skirt on the slope of gravel and weeds, running out toward the west woods where Buck, Charlie and the Negroes had gone. She could see the commissary up ahead again and people white and colored running across the tracks. A ring-straked goat trotted among them. No lamps lit in any of the houses facing the tracks, but a huge fire burned from what looked like the midsection of the third row eastside of the tracks. 
Merry Gay slunk low, waiting, watching. 
Within minutes, the train was pulling out, full steam ahead. Behind, Nate and Wendell Shirley and his men were gathered around a couple dozen bodies laid out on the other side of the track, some still, some moving. White shirts or bandages flickered. Maybe Priss's white dress.
Nate Shirley moved out of the crowd of men and stepped onto the tracks with the shotgun he'd used on the train, stock tucked under his left arm and finger on the trigger. His right arm hung loose and dangling by his side as if unhinged at the elbow. He aimed the barrel up, sighting the train between the rails of the track, using only that one good arm, and began firing at the red caboose tagging in front of the commissary now, halfway along the facing houses of Moniac Crossing now.
 "Scared son of a bitches!" He fired off another shot. The shots rang out with the fading rumble of the train, seeking cover of the woods from which it came and taking Priss with it, for all Merry Gay knew.
Crouching behind a stand of fan palmettos, she had to know. Before dark set in she had to know. Could she simply step out from hiding and walk down the tracks without Nate Shirley shooting her? Before, she had thought she was beyond his reach, but from what she could gather now, it seemed that there were two sides, two factions-the Shirleys and their men against the old families of Moniac, including the Negroes. One thing she knew, Buck and Charlie were on the bad side of Shirley and his men; she'd seen Buck and Wendell fighting in the smoking car. Why Buck had sailed onto that Negro man's back she didn't know. Had the fight broken out because of the drunken baseball player fondling her? No. But Nate Shirley had to have been looking for Buck, Charlie and Mike Ruis when he shot up the door of the lavatory and Priss in it. Which made Merry Gay the enemy not only by heritage of place but by blood.
The eastern sky was bloated with fast moving gray clouds and the wind was picking up, rattling the palmettos and leaves of the hardwoods, limber pines rubbing their upper trunks together and creaking like the timbers of a ship. Hot but damp wind rendered into sweat on Merry Gay's face. Definitely hurricane weather, and she thought it might put an end to the craziness, give the men a different crisis to put their energy to. Besides, the rain would douse the fires she could see rising two rows over behind her own house and higher than the pecan trees. Spume of sparks driving through the clouds.
An iron bell rang out, then another, as if calling, pleading, for each other. 
 Keeping low and back behind the trees and myrtle bushes, she crept south along the tracks. Already the turpentine hands had begun raking and weeding a three-foot clearance around the pines to keep the controlled burns they would set in fall from damaging them. Something orderly about the clean raked circles; something hopeful in the promise that what had been done before would be done again. Between two of the trees, stacks of new clay Herty cups to be hung during the winter promised that something never done before would indeed be done. From where she walked she could see scraps of shred raw cotton along the track and she could smell the heated soot and oil absorbed into the sharp gray rocks of the rail beds and the creosote of the crossties carried on the east wind. Likewise bringing the men's riled voices, but not clear enough for her to make out what they were saying.  She was almost directly across the tracks from them before she could see good the dead bodies laid out in a row, a dozen or more of mixed Negro and white, not covered yet, and buzzed by blowflies in the warm wind. Some of the injured sat around or wandered, fanning flies as if a sign of their end also, or else gazing at their wounds with intrigue. Others moaned and lay back, knees up and elbows out, blood wicking into indigo and hickory stripe clothes, Sunday shirts and trousers.  She couldn't recognize any of the dead or injured from where she was squatted behind a cluster of gall-berry bushes. But neither did she recognize a slender figure she could make into Priss in white. 
Her body not being there meant that Nate Shirley couldn't know that she was dead, that he had shot her. Merry Gay had to resist the urge to charge from the woods and across the tracks and shout it out that it was Priss in the lavatory-shouldn't be too hard to check the story out-and not Buck and Charlie he had shot. But not yet. 

***

The great Hoss Rose had died in August of 1903 as pain-free and simply as he had lived. In the three-year span of the new century, he had seen come to pass the inauguration of a new U.S. president, Mr. Theodore Roosevelt; he had seen come to pass the rumored invention of a humidity-control machine, already in use in a New York printing plant; he had heard of the miracles of traveling voices and music machines. But he had missed by only a matter of months the one invention that may have ignited his interest in the outside world: the first flight of a piloted flying machine, in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. Though it flew only 120 feet, he would have figured its potential for pertaining to the backwoods of Moniac Crossing. He would have liked talking about the flying machine with his buddies there for his funeral. 
For days after his funeral, they lingered underfoot in Bernice's parlor and kitchen and yard. Merry Gay would be glad when they were gone but sorry too; her daddy would be gone for good then, his booming voice, his easy ways, his big-bear-shambling throughout the house.
She had lately figured he would die first, freeing Bernice, leaving her, making of her a widow before her time. At least she seemed that way, being healthy and bossy and of sound mind. Really, she became old the moment he died and made of her a widow, stripped of title, at the mercy of the church and prey for every drummer and man dropping by to court a cook. She had to keep moving, she had to keep smiling, and she had to keep order.
Left to lean on in case she should quit smiling, were Merry Gay and Priss and Tommy, newly married. The boys were at their mischief, drinking, excused and absolved of all wrongdoing because their own daddy had just died-you know how it goes. Bernice didn't expect anything from them and didn't get it, but in a crisis they were generally there, ready to whip up on whomever had caused it. Pure and simple as their daddy, but not half the man. Nobody knew what had gone wrong to make them into rascals; it was easy enough to blame on Nate Shirley. But they were precious rascals, roosters being roosters, as far as Bernice was concerned.
After Hoss's funeral, the boys, Buck and Charlie, started drinking, long abstinence of two days and they were at it again, them and Mike Ruis. Bernice had to shoo them out of the house, and when they came again the next morning, sobered up and saying their sorrys to Mama, Ruis's mess of brown hair was bald in patches like the back of a dog with mange and smelling worse: pure essence of body odor and twice-tasted whiskey. One of their gang had talked Ruis into letting him cut his hair with his pocketknife. Buck and Charlie brought him home to Mama for a decent trim--Mama could fix it. That's when she started hollering and waving her arms, sounded like she was yodeling; that's when she took a broom to them and ordered everybody else out of her kitchen, out of her house, out of her own hair.
After the last one had gone, and the house was quiet, Merry Gay, Tommy and Priss began making themselves scarce; they'd never seen Bernice go to pieces like that. She stayed in the kitchen. She was still smiling, ever-smiling, elbow-deep in ropy dishwater, washing the soiled plates, pots and pans and coffee cups stained by flapping lips, already figuring on how to make amends without sacrificing her pride by admitting she was human, feverish, worn out and grieving. 
Around four o'clock when the heat had reached its peak in the overturned parlor, where Tommy, Priss and Merry Gay were trying to set it right again, Priss waltzed out and into the kitchen. Bernice's back was trembling like palsy and she had sweated so that her blue-striped dress was glued to her body, her blond hair matted to her neck. 
Playing a risky game of slip up-and-grab-you-unaware, Priss locked her arms around Bernice's waist and pressed her cheek to her back. "I know you miss Papa Hoss twice as much as I do and I miss him bad." 
Bernice stopping washing dishes, got still, then slowly removed her right hand from the dishpan and covered the small boneless hands lapped on her waist. Then she cried. Open and long and not covering her face, Bernice cried. "If I had it to do over with I'd do it different."
Merry Gay and Tommy in the parlor heard her say that and wondered whether she meant her marriage, her outburst, her life. They set down the ticking-striped upholstered chair they were carrying to the corner where it and only it belonged and sat, one on each chair arm, sobbing low. Tobacco smoke still fanned in the sun through the windows and the dust specks of the mourners rode the heat. Bernice's crying was a new sound in the house, one rarely if ever heard, and they could picture her smiling which made her crying all the worse. 
"I hate Buck and Charlie," Tommy said low, "don't you?"
"I hate somebody but I don't know who."
"You girls in there," Bernice bellowed out in a strangled voice, "get back to work. What you think this is, some ho-tel?"
They stood, lifting the chair again, eyeing each other. Their mama had gone crazy!
"Listen," Bernice bellowed again, "my Granmama Iris nearlybout disowned everlast one of her younguns after Papa Pete died. She had to blame somebody, she had to hate somebody, get it?"
Priss piped up in a small teary voice. "You know what they said when poor old Mrs. Elton was put away?"
Nobody answered, so she did. "The twins like to clawed each other's eyes out over who was gone get their mama's pine buffet. And them living together in the same house!" 
That night when the house was clean and ordered and the lamps lit to illuminate their tear-stung faces, they were sitting around the kitchen table eating fried ham and grits with red-eye gravy and buttered biscuits. Clean smell of lye from the scrubbed-white pine floorboards. The kitchen was made hotter by the wood burning down to ashes in the black and white cook stove cattycorner to the one window over the wood counter and the dishpan. Behind the stove black iron skillets and pans hung on the wall like holes cut in the wood. Like most houses the kitchen was set off from the main body of the house by a small walkway, so that if the stove should catch fire the whole house wouldn't burn. Set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears, peaches, blackberries, tomatoes, okra, corn, squash, peas and beans, colors muted by the blue glass of Mason jars. If it grew from the dirt you could jar it, providing it wasn't poisonous, and really it hadn't been all that long since tomatoes were considered poisonous. 
 A butter-yellow cat flowed among their legs under the table, its scudding tail measuring the hems of their skirts, then lifting the corners of the blue and white checked oilcloth their forearms were stuck to. They were like bees listening for the humming of the queen. Nobody talked, only sniveling, shuddering. Now what?
Priss spoke first. "Mama Bee, I don't know if you know it but you're fresh out of cornmeal. Tomorrow we better go on over to the grist mill."
Everybody eyeballed Priss-couldn't she see that Bernice was over-worked as it was and on the brink of a nervous breakdown?
Then Merry Gay remembered. She imagined that sad-eyed Tommy across the table had forgotten what Bernice had said about the gristmill: "When I get caught up one of these days I'm gonna go out there to the gristmill just to listen to the mourning doves and rest." It had made no sense to them before and didn't now. Didn't have to.
It was after noon the next day when the three girls and Bernice got started up the white clay road leading out of Moniac, bound for the gristmill. But this time the trip was the object and not the shell-corn in the wood barrel on back of the wagon with Priss and Merry Gay. Bernice was driving the wagon and Tommy, being an adult by merit of having married, sat on the other side of the bench. No talking, listening to the wheels jolting over ruts washed by the last heavy summer rain; listening to the song of crickets in the dried cornfields and to the peepers announcing a vine-tented branch or bottom coming up. They could hear the whine of way-off sawmills growing shrill as the blades struck wood; they could hear locusts humming in the oaks touching branches over the clean sand road. But they didn't hear a single dove purling anywhere.
The blue sky was faded with autumn, bleached by the long summer sun. It generated cross-tones of lemon and peach light and a haze like peering through tulle. But the women's world under the pastel dome smelled of parched sagey weeds and corn dust, with maybe a hint of melon, split citron, and dwindling tree sap. A lone frazzled water turkey stood on a clay gall in the middle of a shrinking pond.
Merry Gay was worried about Bernice being "caught up" enough to go to the gristmill and listen to the mourning doves. Being caught up could go either way, she reasoned, like a farmer building his last barn and knowing it's his last barn, that he has finally caught up on his earthly work and can pass on to his heavenly reward. And too she was sad not only because her daddy had just died, but because her mama expected so little, required so little; and what Merry Gay herself wanted couldn't even be bought, and worse, she didn't even know what it was she did want. She didn't want to be married like Tommy; she was pretty sure of that. Tommy always seemed to be granted permission by Will to do something not especially fun or selfish but for somebody else, like staying with Bernice for a couple more days. Really, his permission wasn't all that different from Nate Shirley's permission to take a couple more days off. Guess who was considered to have made the greatest sacrifice? Will and the bossman.
Out of all of them Priss seemed to know what she wanted and how to get it. She was her own boss. To stay with the Roses for a few days, she'd told her grandfather she was going and he'd told her parents where she was gone. But that seemed somehow wrong, sad too. Because with that level of unearned independence, at her age, where could she go from there?
Priss was drinking from the crock, cannonball-shaped buggy jug, water dribbling down her smooth fair chin. She handed it to Merry Gay. She shook it. They would have to get more water from the spring at the mill before starting home.
Dust chased the lazy wagon as if to catch the girls' dangling bare feet. Priss's toes were even and tanned; Merry Gay's were sloped and crooked. She had inherited her mama's tendency toward bunions but somehow she would avoid it, her gait would never go bad. How, she didn't know. It was just one more thing that was out-there, far enough away to hold promise.
At a Crossing they had to wait for a timber train to pass, the bright toot and whistle, long flat cars loaded with stacked logs snaked out of the woods to the tramcars by oxen and mules. Hot wind fanned the oily creosote and pine tar. A young woman in a blue bonnet with blue eyes was seated on the bench of the open car, facing the wagon. She watched them and they watched her till she was out of sight, going west with the train toward the moving sun. Where was she going? Merry Gay imagined the woman to be adventurous, worthy of a song.  Yes, her daddy would have written a song about the blue-eyed girl in a blue bonnet, but now he was gone.
Hot and dusty after an hour or so on the road, Bernice turned the wagon down a three-path road through the woods and along the winding creek. Cool vapors breathed from the green leaves and black water, and the smothery dust smell changed to crushed dill dog fennel where another horse-drawn wagon had drifted off track.
Soon they could hear the turning of the water wheel at the gristmill around the long curve, spellbinding as the crickets and locusts. But still they could hear no doves.
At the short plank bridge, a few yards from the shady cove of the gristmill, Priss took off her shoes and hopped down from the wagon. Pink-gingham skirt hiked up to her bare knees, she loped down the bank, through rank grass and weeds, and stepped into the clear, narrow stream. Cattails waved along the edge as she giggled and splashed, following the creek to where it fed into the dam that powered the grist mill.
The miller, a tall wiry man with a black beard, in indigo overalls, was walking the barrel of corn off the wagon when Priss climbed up out of the pooling black water of the dam. She looked pink and sweet as always but the ferns, reeds and trees on the mirror of dark water gave her skin a greenish cast. Even the large wooden wheel appeared to have taken on the green of the amazingly lush plants; but in the dappling of the sun, scum of drab nappy moss grew visible, a copper-tarnish smell you could see.
	The first time Priss had gone with them to the mill she had asked whether the wheel was built first or the elevated, off-set building above it. The rilling water scooped up by the rotating wheel would vanish inside the wood shed, charging the columnar dual stone grinders there; then dump back into the creek on the other side of the level spillway, yet the scoops always returned with what looked like the same water. The wheel reminded Merry Gay of a timber cart trying to roll up out of the water, always failing, but never giving up. 
Bernice, with her string purse on her wrist, but barely enough money to clutch in one fist, followed the miller on into the shed while Tommy and Merry Gay walked over to the dam to sit on the bank with Priss, wringing water out of her skirt tail.
Inside, the stone grinders were starting up with a hollow meshing racket. The miller spoke loud over the racket as he scooped the dry corn from the barrel into the funnel above the grinders. Then the rattling of the corn in the funnel, sifting bits of corncob and trash, and the corn shaking down into the interlacing notches of the twin stones, one stationery and the other pitching up and grinding its way down, coarse ground grits pouring into the wood hopper below.   
Corn dust was on the air, even a fine film on the water and in the girls' hair. They sat listening to the water dripping from the scoops of the wheel, coveting the white lilies afloat of the green pads. Then they heard the first dove purling out over the woods. Inside, Bernice was politely but loudly dickering over the price of milling corn. Said she'd be willing for him to mill it on halves if that suited him.
"She missed it," Priss said.
"She'll hear one when she comes out," Tommy said. "I'll shoot that damn bird if he quits cooing." She drew her feet from the pool and kneeled, then stood, heading for the wagon to get the buggy jug and refill it with the green water.
Merry Gay laughed. Laughter bouncing about the pool and returning in echo.
"Run about half of that back through in cornmeal, will you?" Bernice said to the miller. "Fine as you can get it."
The gears on the grinders switched to a low whine, then a nerve-racking grating sound. 
Tommy and Merry Gay had seen it all before and didn't care to see it again, but Priss did.
She was inside when the miller scooped the ground corn from the hopper into the funnel again, having adjusted the gauge from coarse to fine for the cornmeal. When she came out, cradling a cloth bag of grits in her arms, she was coated in corn meal dust, white from head to toe.
 Bernice with her string bag on her wrist followed with another bag of precious cornmeal. She stood a moment, looking all about and listening to the water spilling from the scoops of the wheel, back to her old self and smiling, mourning doves nothing but a whim. She had to get home and cook supper.
On the ride home Priss sat on back of the wagon again, bare feet swinging, sallow in the shade and gold shining through white in the sheen of autumn sun.


CHAPTER 5

Firelight heaped on the west side of the tracks now, building to a fast blaze at one of the Negro shanties beyond the commissary and the white sand road, the main road into and out of Moniac, which forked off at the various lanes both sides of the railroad tracks. The tracks and the main road formed a "T", with four parallel lanes each side of the tracks joining the main road, or top of the "T," and the site of the commissary in the right jut backed by woods. The fire grew brighter as the night grew darker. In the shifting wind, fire on both sides of the tracks was spreading fence to fence, house to house.
Everywhere dogs were barking and people were shouting. Fighting fire, fighting each other? Merry Gay, still hiding in the woods on the west side of the tracks, south of the commissary and the main road, tried to make out her own house, four houses down from the big white Shirley house on the north end of the row. She wanted to go home, to rest, to feed the chickens and hogs and eat supper and sit out on the porch, then go to bed-the usual. 
But first she had to go to the Shirley house, let her mother and Tommy know that she was alive, that Buck and Charlie were alive. Will? She didn't know about Tommy's Will. She did know about Priss and she would have to tell Priss's mother what had happened to her. 
Creeping closer to the white sand road and the strip of woods screening the commissary, battling mosquitoes in the thicket, she had no fear of the many poisonous snakes there. The real danger was south along the tracks at the makeshift morgue and hospital where Shirley and his men had gathered. They had set fire to a smoky fat-lightered stump, pacing in the light of blowing flames like sinners in hell.
Earlier Merry Gay had seen several of Shirley's men pass along the railroad right of way, shouting, running toward Moniac Crossing; some returning half an hour or so later on horseback and with wagons. Dogs frolicked along the tracks, one minute shying away from the shouts and gunfire, and next minute barking at Merry Gay and the others in hiding as if changing sides. Lanterns were lit at the camp now, encircling the dead and injured, like ghosts in a graveyard, or some alien voodoo ritual.
She was almost to the glowing sand road running south of the commissary and across the tracks to the east side when she saw fire break out at another of the houses somewhere behind her own house.
Then gunfire.
Smoke was sweeping east to west, combining, eerie in the phantom darkness of low clouds, snarling wind, dogs barking, and the shouts of people seeking either safety or each other. Where was safe and who was the enemy? 
She ran for cover across the sand road, ducking into the woods, that sweet green bay behind the commissary. She had to stay hid, as everybody else was doing, if she was any judge, till she could get close enough to cross the tracks without being spied by the Shirleys and their men, sure enemies. Children crying, in the woods behind the quarters and white side of the tracks, were being shushed by mothers. When she got to the opening between the commissary yard and the first Negro row shanty-the place where she had seen Will and Tommy kiss-she could see beyond the tracks and slightly to the left of the commissary-lookout her own green and turquoise house with brown ceilings, firelight and dusk meeting up the middle of the wide open hall, otherwise dark and still and untouched by fire or fury. It looked peaceful as any other nigh-fall evening after chores had been done and supper was on the table. Except for the red bricks of the well, left corner of the picket fence, and they blazed with reflected firelight, lazy spiraling of shadows like water-lights on the soap-rock banks of the creek. Still, the place seemed to Merry Gay like a church on sacred grounds.
Squinting into the dark, Merry Gay saw a man who had to be Travis Miller, their neighbor two houses up the tracks, squatting down left side of the doorsteps and holding a lit lantern into the recessed darkness beneath his front porch. Lantern in one hand, and a crying baby cradled in his other arm. Their spotted hound was tied to a wind-wrung chinaberry tree in the front yard. He lifted his pointed muzzle and howled and barked in that deep hoarse voice.
 Travis's wife Roberta scooted under the house on her belly with her two little boys crawling after her. The tall bony dog lunged at the rope, it snapped, and he took up his barking and lunging at the edge of the porch. Travis scolded him then handed Roberta the baby, mumbling something. The dog waggled, switching Travis's pants leg with his hard tail. On his feet again, Travis picked up his rifle from the porch floor and shot the dog in the head. The dog yelped and dropped to the ground, legs scissoring then overlapping, closing. The boys cried out, the baby cried, Roberta said, "How come you to do that, Travis?"
"What! And have him standing there barking at y'all for Shirley and them to butcher like they done on the train?" That said, he walked off with the rifle and his lantern swinging, along the side-yard between his house and the house next door to the Rose's.  
Just as Merry Gay was getting set to make a run for the tracks, she heard horse hooves clopping along the tree-bound lanes separating the four rows of houses on the white eastside. Deputy Threet seemed to be everywhere at once, roaring for everybody to stay in their houses, commanding the men to lay down their guns and show themselves. Merry Gay didn't have to wonder whose side he was on. He was on the side of the man with the most money and power; he was on the side of the man with the gun.
Feverish with fear, Merry Gay finally crept out of the woods, staying close along the outside stairs of the commissary that led up to the quarters of Shirley's hired single men. A man's shaving brush and mustache cup had been left on the middle stair, and there were mud splashes on the lapped white siding of the wall below where pans of bath water had been dashed. Sour mud odor in spite of the drought. Tall brick pillars underneath, and between them strips of white lattice filled the gaps. The wood scaffold under the window near the front was loaded with fresh split firewood that smelled tart; teardrops of clear resin hardened on the wall below. The oak in the front yard of the commissary was shedding its leaves to the wind like scraps of paper sack. Large nicked leaves scuttled along the packed gumbo to the white sand road leading into Moniac Crossing. Usually every evening the cows would come up and congregate under the oak, next to the wood-framed brick well, but this evening only their tracks and piled manure splats remained. Thistles of chewed sugar cane spat by children, and old men's bitter juice of tobacco. Oak gum barrels stood along the south end of the yard in a cluster of wild plum trees. An iron anvil bolted to a tree stump looked like a water turkey.  On the north end of the porch were a half-dozen huge bales of dingy Sea Island cotton, dense with seeds; only a few people grew cotton around Moniac anymore. Timber was king. 
She started out across the sandy lane ruffled with cow tracks and packed with foot tracks, the lane running parallel to the railroad tracks and end to end of the row shanties belonging to the Negroes, a like lane running before the houses on the other side belonging to the whites. Or what used to belong to them before the Shirleys came to live there.
From the rise of the tracks, she could see down the line stacked firewood to be used as fuel by the trains, then the circle of lanterns and the campfire. They appeared closer, like looking through Nate Shirley's spy glasses, as she and Priss had done. Nate Shirley who was so friendly you felt surely Travis and the others were wrong, that you yourself had to be wrong. You had to get into a certain position to view him straight-on, to see. And even then, you weren't sure.
The wind was gusting, blowing smoke and rattling loose tin on rooftops, cribs and barns. A door or shutter somewhere nearby was flapping and creaking in the wind like in a ghost town. The hectic cackling of chickens was everywhere, and a rooster crowed and crowed. A woman was pleading, crying. Or was it the wind moaning in a chimney? There were so many noises all around that Merry Gay had trouble identifying them. But the bells were no longer ringing.
She was in her own yard and it felt good, so good to be home. On her right, inside the front gate, an oak-stave barrel held a bouquet of rose bush switches that only the week before Bernice had stuck down inside to root. Now they were withered from lack of water but that seemed unimportant, something that had mattered yesterday but not today.  She knew her mother wasn't inside the long house with its open hall. She knew it because she knew the old house and all its signs of being occupied or vacant, because she knew her mother. Bernice would be right out in the open trying to round up her family, trying to fix things. She and Tommy both would. Yes, Bernice would go after Tommy first to help her look for the others, or to rescue her from the Shirleys if she herself considered them the enemy now. Did the battle include the women? Or was it only between the men who'd been drinking and would regret it tomorrow?
For some reason, it comforted Merry Gay to think it was only the men involved. She would rest in her daddy's rocker on the south end of the wide, shallow porch, then go on to the Shirleys. But then she'd have to tell about Priss, and she dreaded that.
Next door, at Jean and Anse's little unpainted shotgun house somebody was hammering on wood; double raps that sounded like a mighty Lord God woodpecker rapping on a dead tree. There was always some racket over there: Jean screaming at her baby boy and him squalling, her drubbing on a pan or a tub in stumbling beats, drubbing just to be drubbing, as if to drown out the baby's awful crying. Half the time either Roberta, Jean's neighbor on the right, or Bernice and Merry Gay, her neighbors on the left, had to rescue the baby from his mother, who'd suffered what Bernice called a nervous breakdown shortly after the baby was born. Not only did they care for the baby, they cooked for Jean's husband, Travis, when he came home, if he came home. He had been coming home less and less here lately, and as Bernice said, who could blame him, what with a crazy wife and a crying baby. Daily, it seemed, Jean's neighbors at the Crossing were giving up trying to help her, drifting away. And even Tommy and Merry Gay, who had taken up for Jean, were wearing down.  
Traveling voices up the lane along the railroad tracks and the sounds of gunfire behind her house, plus Jean's unsettling shrieks and the baby's squalling with the wind, drove Merry Gay inside, to the parlor at the front on the left side of the long, wide hall. Inside with the soothing vanilla and air-cured curtains and wood smells, undercut by camphor, the clock ticking on the mantel in the soft but not absolute dark. Home. But she couldn't stay, she couldn't stand not seeing what was coming at her, what would be her doom. 
She started to lie down on the oak bed in the right corner by the door. But the scrap-work quilt smoothed over the lumpy cotton mattress reminded her of Bernice saying she'd be glad when the sandspurs dried in so she could scatter them over the quilt and keep everybody from lying down on it in the middle of the day. 
Her quilting frame was standing before the brick fireplace. On the mantelshelf above stood the source of the camphor smell, a bottle of camphorated oil that stoppered or not mysteriously leaked the eye-burning fumes. Next to it was a cardboard cigar box. She picked it up, opened it and breathed in the familiar, piercing smell of resin from her daddy's sample cubes-a variety of shades ranging from clear topaz, like the gem itself, to muddy gray. 
Stretched side to side of the frame was another quilt, a picture puzzle of Merry Gay and her family's old dresses and shirts, and it was accented by the after-light of sundown through the tall west windows over the porch. Fine silver needles glinted, stuck in the quilt top where the trails of tiny even stitches stopped like ants. The rest of the room was in shadow, dusky corners and looming dark spelled by kinks of light.
Going out into the hall, out of habit she looked for the dainty platform rocker with ruffled leather trim, recalling that Tommy had moved it across the tracks when she moved. Her daddy had bought it for Tommy when she turned twelve and took to sitting in the hallway, either sewing or shelling butterbeans and peas. Here, she could catch the breeze when one came. Getting out of working in the garden, that's what Tommy had been doing. It had made Merry Gay so mad that her daddy had encouraged Tommy by buying the chair for her to sit and look pretty in while she and Bernice had to sweat in the garden picking butterbeans on their knees. And what had he bought for them? Running butterbean seeds. 
 On the porch again, Merry Gay sat to rest a moment in her daddy's retirement rocker behind the lattice trellis of sleeping morning glories. Still, she could see through the lattice the Negro row shanties and the commissary to the south. It should have been dark out; instead it looked like prolonged sundown from the fire-glow of burning houses east and west sides of the tracks. The sky was churning smoke and clouds, and down the tracks the circle of lanterns and the centerpiece stump with its flowering fire. She could even see the American Flag blowing from the peak of the commissary roof; she could hear it snapping like laundry hung to dry in March wind. She longed to stay, watching from her latticed viewpoint; she longed to wash the blood from her hands and change her bloody dress and shoes, clean and safe at home. 
The rapping noise next door went on. Stopped and started again. Hammer to nail, nail to wood. Closer, just beyond the north corner of the porch and over the picket fence that separated them from Jean and Anse and her insane goings on. Inside the house Jean railed, raging front to rear of the house, following the rapping outside. 
Then Anse appeared on the fire-bright side of his house facing the Rose house, a stack of short boards under his muscled left arm and a hammer in his right hand. At the first window, he stopped, dropping the boards clattering to the ground. The copper-negative camera image of a woman's face flashed at the window before Anse slammed the single shutter and latched it with the short wood bar that turned on a nail. While he hammered a board across, she hammered against the shutter with her fist, like an echo but for her harridan shrieking. Ignoring her, he took a nail from his shirt pocket and, using his left elbow to brace another board, he set hammer to nail and began driving the nail into the end of the board at the top of the shutter. And again, placing boards and setting his hammer to nails, all the way to the back of his house and the blowing shadows of flickering firelight and teetering tree shadows like stencils.  
Merry Gay crept from the porch, easy over weak squawking floorboards and down the short steps. In the wind rushing around the northwest side of the house, she made a beeline for the fence jamb overlooking the lane and the bent pear tree, limbs broken from the weight of the solid pendulous pears they had shared with Anse and Jean only weeks before, the gritty, tart fruit cobbled into sweet doughy pies for them or sometimes simply baked whole with cinnamon and sweet butter from the Rose's milk cow. Merry Gay could hear other cows bellowing in the east woods, beyond the burning fat-pine houses of her back-door neighbors whose buckets she could hear too, clanging hollow down the wells, then drawn up full, bumping solid against the brick walls. 
The natural neighborly thing to do would be to go help put out the fires, but she was too scared and confused. In her own yard, on her own place, she didn't have to confront what she didn't know. But she was scared there too. Her heart was beating too hard and her head felt light and hot.
Jean was now cursing Anse and the baby too, stamping her feet on the floor and beating on the walls; sounded like she was banging her head, Lord help her.
First of summer, on a dewy morning, Jean had waded out into the dark tilled dirt of her vegetable garden spot carrying with her Anse's straight razor. She sat on the soft cool ground and without her usual preamble began slicing the veins of her wrists, calmly, intently, as if tatting lace or smocking a baby dress, the rich red dye from her own handiwork spilling onto her lap and down into the soil. Finally she had made something, had done something of value and not to be ignored, so she was quiet then. Bernice had found her when she went out to check on a setting of eggs in the hen house-old chicken snake had eaten the setting hen's last eggs. Jean was at that point rubbing dirt into the bloody bracelets on her wrists, pale and clammy and calm. Bernice had stanched the bleeding by applying pressure to the severed arteries, then sealed the cuts with spider webs. Slowly she built up Jean's blood with beets and beef liver, and Roberta took Jean's baby boy to wet nurse with her own. 
Having boarded up all the windows and doors, Anse dropped the hammer to the clean ground of the yard butted up to the Rose yard, took up his lantern and a shotgun from the end of the front porch, then strode out the paling gate and through the live oaks along the lane near the tracks. The wind was shredding the branches, and leaves and clumps of moss tumbled like rocks along the lane.
"Anse?" Jean called from inside. The baby was crying, the wind was howling. "Anse, where are you? You get back here. What if the house catches afire?"
"Stay there! For once in your life just behave yourself." Not looking behind, he walked off south along the tracks. 
The Rose fence along the front and sides was draped in the huge heart-shaped leaves of gourd vines. It looked like a curtain of ruffled, emerald taffeta but for a few gourds still hanging, drying in to shades of mingled pottery. She ducked down behind the vines, listening and waiting. 
Voice increasing in volume, Jean shouted, "You come BACK HERE RIGHT NOW OR I'M GONE KILL MYSELF AND THIS BABY HERE BOTH, HEAR ME?" Yes, and he'd heard it before.
Anse and Jean were born and raised in Baxter, Florida, over the state line, a hop and a skip west of Moniac Crossing, but like many of the others he had turned into a Shirley man. Merry Gay would have to remind herself time and again that night that she didn't know if there actually were two sides, the Shirleys and the townspeople, as she thought, but assuming there were sides, and this was indeed war, she had no way of knowing who belonged to which. She had no idea who to hide from and who to run to. 
Jean's madness seemed suddenly less isolated and odd, under the circumstances, her raging no more remarkable than anybody else's at Moniac Crossing.
Merry Gay started to step out from behind the pear tree and the gourd vines, to follow the paling fence to the back gate that opened into her neighbor's yard. Get the hammer dropped on the ground and rip the boards from Jean's door and set her free. She would fit in fine on this stormy night with the crazy lot of them. But suddenly some motion up the lane along the tracks caught her eye; some woman in a white blouse and dark skirt walking fast on the other side of the live-oak row, long bushy hair fanning in the wind and arms swinging with grace and purpose. Not at all like the mindless motion of the others Merry Gay had been put upon to watch since she and Priss had entered the smoking car that evening. And yet there was about her posture and bearing a kind of sad but triumphant apathy: since I don't matter, I have nothing to fear.
The blowing firelight across the tracks at one of the houses burned down to level flaming ceils and beams ignited the woman's broad pale face. 
"Tommy," Merry Gay called low.
Tommy stopped, body and breath on hold like a spied rabbit.
"Tommy, it's me, Merry Gay. Over here."
"Who's out there?" Jean called inside the house. The baby who had paused from crying, previously unnoticed by Merry Gay, picked up crying again. Crying to be crying, like the men shooting to be shooting. Jean told him in a gentle voice to shut up. Then loud, "Shut up, I say!" Then in a nasal voice clogged with breathing she began singing what sounded like a church hymn, a funeral lullaby that seemed to fit with the mayhem of burning, shouting and crying.
Tommy walked slowly, hesitantly, from the lane to the fence jamb, in burning shadows, as if unable to believe her eyes or trust her ears. So much racket all around, and overhead the blowing moss hanging down from an extended branch of the huge oak looked orange and eerie, as if caught fire too.
"Merry Gay? Merry Gay. You're alive? They said?" She reached over the fence, over the gourd vines, embracing Merry Gay, rocking and laughing low. She felt soft and boneless, her brittle hair smelled like hay. Then she stepped back, peering down with her heavy eyebrows crooked. "Why are you all bloody? Your skirt, your hands?" She was whispering, hissing. "Where's Will? Where's Buck and Charlie? Why isn't Priss with you?"
Merry Gay shook her head, unable to speak about Priss yet. "Is Mama okay? Does she think I'm dead?"
"She said no. Miss Moxie said yes, you and Priss both. Mama says, 'When trouble breaks out my Merry Gay, she heads for a hiding place. Won't come out till it's over.' She said you and Priss would be on home soon as the shooting stops."
"Priss is dead, Tommy. Priss is gone." Merry Gay's voice broke, she sobbed with the wailing of the baby inside the boarded up house.
"Who's out there?" Jean called. "Please don't set my house afire, please."
Tommy was shaking her head; her square white face in the firelight was like a target saying "here." Too much face, too much hair, not at all lovely up close, but doll-like from a distance. "Maybe she's not dead."
"She is. Nate Shirley shot her."
"Mr. Nate? Why?"
"He thought it was Buck and Charlie hiding in the lavatory. He shot through the door."
"My God! Is that her blood?" She held Merry Gay's bloody hands by the wrists, staring from them to her skirt. "What about the boys? Where were they?" 
They began walking toward the front gate, pacing alongside each other, talking low over the fence. 
"They rode the rods to Moniac Crossing, then bailed off the train and took to the woods." Merry Gay opened the gate for Tommy to pass through.
"Please don't set this house afire," Jean called. "Please."
"Anse boarded up the windows and doors and took off," Merry Gay explained to Tommy. She almost envied Jean her childlike circumstances: locked up where nobody could get to her, safe and blameless, everybody else in charge and nothing expected of her but to stay put. 
"Maybe he did right. Her like she is, crazy and all." Tommy looked pensive, watching Jean's house, the firelight playing over the slanted boards and shutters. "But she's right too, about fire and her boarded up in there. The women in the quarters took to the woods soon as they heard."
"From the train too. Before it stopped good, the men were bailing off and running fast as their feet would carry them."
"Will's in the woods too, I guess?" 
"I don't know, Tommy. I saw him earlier, but now I don't know." Even if she had the time, Merry Gay couldn't have brought herself to tell where and under what circumstances she'd last seen Will. Recalling what she'd witnessed of his involvement in the fighting on the train, she figured he was either dead or wounded at the camp south along the tracks. But she didn't say that either. 
"Is Mama at the big house?" Merry Gay asked.
"She was, but she left, looking for you. Told me to stay and wait in case you showed up there. Then I left to look for you and Will. This storm?" She looked up at the sky, black frothy hair back-blowing around her face. 
"I know. They said in St. Augustine there's a hurricane moving in off the coast." Merry Gay gazed up with her, red-stained clouds churning. "Tommy, what is everybody saying happened? I can't make sense of this."
"Some kind of uprising against the Shirleys, is what they say.  Mr. Nate sent word for everybody to lock up good and look out. Somebody, I think Miss Moxie, said they hadn't oughta let the niggers load up on the train first. Mostly they're just scared as the rest of us; Muffin's in labor and Mr. Nate's got a hurt arm. Mr. Jay went missing, don't nobody know where. But it's Priss they're mostly looking for?and you?said you was s'posed to be looking out for her."
Gunfire erupted closer, across the tracks, sending Merry Gay and Tommy running for cover in the shadows along the north side of the Rose house. They hid behind the chimney, leaning into the cool clay bricks, waiting, remarking to each other with their eyes. When the shooting quit, they stood a while longer listening to the wind and the katydids and maybe the last whippoorwill of summer, seeking out other normal night sounds and smells. Merry Gay recalled the smells of wood smoke and supper cooking and the sounds of forks on plates, pots and pans clattering and stove wood dumped on kitchen floors. Children would be laughing and people would be talking low on their front porches. All that remained now of the way it was before was the smell of wood smoke from the houses on fire.
Just as Tommy and Merry Gay were going through the back gate, to go after the hammer that Anse had dropped in the yard and rip the boards loose, freeing Jean, they heard a mob of men on horseback and saw their torches bobbing up the lane along the tracks. Quickly they ran back to the Rose house and scrambled underneath the kitchen floor next to the back porch. 
"Gone get rid of all them damn Shirleys," one of the men yelled.
 "Yeah! Troublemakers," said another.
 "Land thieves."
 "And murderers?don't forget that."
Merry Gay wondered if Tommy was remembering their last time in the same spot under the house, when they were children, wondering what the town would do to them. It seemed simpler then, knowing now the outcome. But Tommy seemed just as vulnerable, as much object and target of their whimsy as before. Only this time there were no adults standing over them, watching over them, nobody to run to inside. Tommy and Merry Gay were the grownups now. And this was more than talk. 
"Let's head out the back way, see if we can find Mama," Merry Gay said. "She probably doubled back, looking for me to show up at the Shirley's, me and Priss." Jean's baby inside the house next door was crying steady and strong. "Providing they don't set her house afire, Jean's better off in there."
"But the baby?" Tommy grabbed Merry Gay's arm. "What if she hurts the baby?"
Merry Gay turned at the gate, whispering. "We can't get him out without her. Even if we could, his crying would draw too much attention to us." She walked on through the gate. "Besides, I'm not so sure that Jean's any crazier than the rest of us."
"You mean them, right?" Tommy was following close. 
"I'm not sure who them is, Tommy." Merry Gay vanished into the shadow of the hellish house next door. "I'm not even sure about myself."
Nearing the backyard belonging to Roberta and Travis, on the other side of Jean's, they could hear in the east and across the tracks the crackle and lashing of burning houses, and behind them the baby crying and Jean yelling her head off, and from the Shirley yard the whooping mob. Light everywhere it seemed except where they were walking, that safety of silence and darkness. Then close-by a woman humming a tune, sucking in her breath and going quiet as she spied Merry Gay and Tommy.
"Who's there?" she called out. "I got a gun! Ain't scared to use it neither."
"Roberta," Tommy said, "it's me and Merry Gay. Don't shoot." The burning house next row over suddenly flared in the wind parting the bushes and trees and they could see each other.
Roberta was seated against the wall on the small back porch near the open door, draped in quilts and children. Her baby was nursing at her breast, one small hand spread flat on her soft creamy flesh possessively. Nothing soft about Roberta but those milk-plumped breasts. She was stocky, hard and strong as any man. Her massive shoulders put them to shame, and she took pleasure in her strength. When she was a little girl, her goal had been to get strong enough to tip and roll a barrel of gum up the pole runners at her daddy's turpentine still. "I'm yet to get the straight of what-all's going on. Y'all?" Even her voice was husky.
She was talking too loud. Merry Gay moved closer, whispering what she knew, keeping it brief; while Tommy stood behind her, listening and watching.
In lieu of comment, Roberta began rearranging the baby at her breast. He whimpered and she hushed him by shoving a nipple into his mouth. "Y'all go get me that boy of Jean's fore she does him harm." 
 A rooster crowed from a wooden post on the northeast corner of her yard, and they could see his feathers in the light of the fire like ruffled soot in a chimney.
"Anse's boarded up the windows and doors, Roberta," Merry Gay said.
"I figured as much," Roberta said, "all that hammering. Looks like he could've brung the baby to me." 
 "We're out looking for Mama," Merry Gay said, in part to distract her. "Have you seen her?" 
"I still don't see how y'all two got split up on the train." Roberta stopped talking to listen to an outburst of whoops from the direction of the Shirley house. "Seen somebody come by a while ago but couldn't tell who it was. Didn't walk like Bernice though."
"I thought I saw Travis putting you and the children up under the house earlier." Merry Gay was on the doorsteps now, and Tommy was still standing in the yard, waiting, making herself invisible. 
"Heck! I ain't staying scooched up under no house with all these younguns. They come shooting at me, I'll shoot back, what I say. Whole bunch is gone crazy as that rooster out there. They been just itching for the chance to jump on each other," she said. "How come me not to go on that train ride, me and Travis both."  She hummed a laugh, then coughed as a gust of windborne smoke banked and curled over her and the children against the wall.
Tommy and Merry Gay could count on her being armed with the pistol Travis got for her. She always had it with her to shoot snakes or mad foxes, coons and dogs, or even normal dogs into mischief; her neighbors could look out for their dogs to go missing if Roberta caught them near her chicken yard. Her old granddaddy had taught her to shoot. Said aim for the stomach, if it's a man, and don't let him get close enough to take the pistol and use it on you. Even with an animal, one shot may be all you get so make it count. It was a golden rule with him, and passed down to Roberta: the point is to be predator, not prey; the point is to live another day.
 "That blood on you?" she asked Merry Gay, when the smoke had cleared.
The sleepy-headed boys each side of her sat up. The baby was making mewling sounds.
"We've gotta go," Tommy said. "When we come back by we'll go get Jean's baby for you. If you see Mama, tell her Merry Gay's all right."
Tommy didn't take up any time with Roberta, never had. She figured Roberta, being born white, was her born enemy. She figured Roberta thought she was lazy because she was part-Negro-all colored people were lazy in Roberta's book-plus weak because she was small. But closer to the truth was the fact that Tommy moved slow, paced herself, and refused to do chores at odds with her nature. Like her sitting in the breezeway shelling butterbeans and peas while Merry Gay and Bernice picked them in the garden out back. Bernice had threatened to take a switch to Tommy at first, and Merry Gay was jealous. Her daddy pointed out that somebody had to cook and keep house and didn't Tommy look fine sitting so. For a fact, she would sew on buttons, mend pants, bake cakes; just don't let her get dirty or sweaty. Besides, who knew when and under what circumstances she might make a misstep and the town would come down on her again?
"Listen out for Jean," Merry Gay said to Roberta. "See they don't set her house afire."
The mob was already inside the white picket fence of the Shirley's grassed front yard. No, two mobs: one there with Deputy Threet to protect the Shirleys and the other hellbent on getting rid of them. The Shirley men were posted on the right side of the yard, and the Moniac protestors on the left. A single lamp burned in back of the house, the kitchen area, with its many mullioned windows. The split louvered shutters were open, in spite of the coming storm, but the filmy white curtains were drawn.
Deputy Threet with his shotgun drawn was seated on the right baluster of the front doorsteps facing the tracks. "Now I don't give a damn for Shirley and his boys neither, but I ain't gone let them women and babies in there suffer for what that old coot and his boys done. He's bunged up his arm and the doc's in there with him. Got a sick baby too and another one bout to be born. Soon as Shirley's able, I'll throw him out here to y'all. Hear? Then I'm gone take the doc down the tracks there to see to them shot-up men."
Grumbling, roaring, and shouting from the crowd. Torches twirled fire and scattered it to the wind. Still a good stiff wind but an outcropping of stars overhead was shining between layers of roving clouds. The horses beyond the front gate neighed and pranced and sidestepped in the fusing shadows and firelight. But Merry Gay knew that Deputy Threet had said the right thing, the right thing to stay on both sides. The good people of Moniac wouldn't want him not doing his duty by the women and children, even the Shirley women and children, who they had no gripe with. They wouldn't respect him either for throwing a hurt man to the wolves. He was a bastard, but he was theirs.
Tommy and Merry Gay were hiding behind the conical cedar trees lining the outside of the white picket fence, south side of the winged white house, the finest house in all of Moniac, the only fine house in all of Moniac. A fine house by reputation and historical bearing more than design, though everybody knew it had been erected of only the choicest heart pine, that the windows and doors and moldings and such had been imported from England by the grandfather of Travis Miller. 
Old Man Miller had made it big in Charlton County by buying up timberland and operating sawmills. He had died many years before and Travis's father had taken over the house and the business, but he was never the businessman his own father was; Nate Shirley, who would have been a match for the wily old man, had a nose for sniffing out the weak and soon came by the Miller house and land. Travis was maybe sixteen then, a boy with all the inherent shrewdness and grit of the Old Man developing within him, body, soul, and brain. He couldn't prove it but he knew in that same soul that Nathan Shirley had waylaid, or one of his men had waylaid, his daddy at the cemetery behind the big house while he was squatting at the grave of his wife, shot him dead on the spot where he would be buried next to her.
 Because of timber mismanagement practices, and an assortment of bad trades, Travis's daddy was well on his way to losing the old home place, along with Old Man Miller's other numerous investments, before he got waylaid in the cemetery. By the end of the year the place would have been auctioned by the bank in Folkston anyway. What really galled Travis most, according to his wife Roberta, was the fact that Shirley had treated Travis like the helpless boy he was at the time, that he'd killed or had killed a man for the house he'd tried to buy not a month before, that he'd killed a man for the land the very cemetery was on where he shot him. That it was simpler like that, to shoot and be done with Travis's daddy, was the unpardonable sin against Nate Shirley.
"You think Mama's in there?" Tommy peeked around one of the close-set cedar trees. Across the pruned-grass strip of yard were four inset curtained mullions in a line. The lamp was still lit but there were no sounds, not even a whisper. "She could be delivering Muffin's baby."
"I thought the doctor was in there."
"I doubt Mr. Nate and them's gone spare him right now just to deliver a lil ole baby."
"Will you go in there, Tommy? I can't. I can't face up to Priss's mother just yet. So, don't tell them I'm out here, just get word to Mama I'm okay. Tell her Buck and Charlie are okay."
Tommy and Merry Gay ducked down and ran for the rectangular grapevine arbor silhouetted by the fire behind the Shirley house. Leaning into the arbor struts, barely breathing in the rotted grape and smoke smells. Then Tommy, keeping in the shadows, dropped low behind the picket fence all the way to the back gate in darkness. Minutes later, Merry Gay saw her suddenly appear on the doorsteps and as suddenly slip through the door like a cat.
Listening to the overlapping voices of the mob, Merry Gay thought she recognized the amplified timid voice of Tynce Withers, who lived with his big family two rows behind the Rose house. Maybe this was a prank, she thought, even knowing better. Men at the Crossing were always playing pranks on one another, especially Hoss and his buddies.
Hoss had butchered a beef for the commissary, first of last winter, which usually brought in customers by the droves, as he said. Three days and the beef would go bad, so it was a must that he sell what he could as soon as he could and give the rest away. He had waited on the porch.
The usual straggled in: little old ladies come for their meal, flour and cheese, some sewing thread, what have you.
"I reckon you ladies'll be wanting some this sweet tender beef," he'd say.
"Not today, Hoss. But thank you all the same."
The turpentine hands would drop by after work, plus two or three of Hoss's buddies to jaw.
The beef was going on its second day, still cool between its covers of fresh pine branches, in the wooden box on the north end of the porch. The north wind was blowing like air off ice. Like a hawker at a fair, Hoss would lift the branches of layered green needles to show the bloody fat-marbled beef, the marbling now fading from yellow to white-not a good sign.
When they left, Hoss sat in his chair on the porch, cold with the sun going down, scratching his head under his hat. It was the beatingest thing why nobody came after his beef.
Only thing left to do was give it away.
He tried that, driving his wagon with the box of beef on back, door to door, east and even west of the tracks. But people would grin and shake their heads-"No thanks."
Last house, two rows behind his own, he stopped at the little shotgun house of Tynce Withers. He was a stropping red-headed hog farmer with a fat wife and a house full of younguns. Took all he could do to keep them fed and in shoes. Not that Tynce was one to complain. Couple sides of beef wouldn't be nothing for the wife by herself to put away.
Light inside and all kinds of racket. Smoke of bacon frying and oak-smoke from a fire when Tynce opened the door to greet Hoss. Ugliest children you ever did see flocked in the doorway peeping round their daddy's long legs. All red-headed and freckle-faced, rotted teeth and snot.
"Got you a box of beef out here in the wagon," said Hoss, adding, "for free." He reached out to pat one of the little girls on the head. She dodged behind her daddy. "Cute lil ole booger," said Hoss. Even the old brindle dog on the porch was none too friendly. Just lay in a curl with his long tail wrapped around like a coiled snake. Course it was cold, so who could blame the dog?
"Y'all get on back now, you younguns." Tynce stepped out to the porch, closing the door behind him. "You ain't sold that beef to yet?"
"It's the dangdest thang," said Hoss. "Can't give it away, don't look like." 
Tynce was barefooted, in overalls and no coat; Hoss was bundled up, shaking.
"Let's set down on the doorsteps here," Tynce said and stepped across the narrow sloped porch and sat, long white toes curling under the edge of the third step. Hands latched between his spread legs.
Eager to go, to warm by the stove in his own kitchen while he ate some of the fried steak Bernice would have waiting, Hoss sat down next to Tynce, watching the wagon in the glow of his lantern on the bench. A few dogs wandered around the wheels and the mule snorted, blowing white smoke.
"Tell you like it is, Hoss," said Tynce.
"I'd prechate it." Hoss hung his head. What the hell!
Tynce looked at him then with those warm green speckled eyes. "Word's got around that yo' beef ain't no good."
A cold bluish backdrop of light silhouetted the wagon and the mule like a calendar picture in the month of February.
"No good!" Hoss sat straight up, warm suddenly in spite of his frosty breath.
 "You recollect that old cow got hit by the train week or so ago?"
"I do." 
"All fevered up and limping around?"
"Somebody ought've put her out of her misery," said Hoss.
"Well, word is, you did."

***

Maybe Merry Gay shouldn't have sent Tommy inside the Shirley house, she thought. Maybe Tommy was afraid of the Shirleys now. Her working for them had seemed a legitimate excuse for her passing in and out-the back door, the back door only. 
A few more minutes and she stepped out the door alone and floated in her long dark skirt and white blouse into the shadows of the yard and without a sound was standing next to Merry Gay under the grapevine arbor. 
"She's not here. Muffin's in labor and Miss Moxie's bout to have a heart attack. Mr. Nate and the rest of them are walking the floor over Priss. But he says long as she's with you she's likely okay."
"I shouldn't have left her, Tommy." Merry Gay leaned against one of the stout arbor posts. "She begged me not to. She was so scared, she looked so little and weak."
Tommy stepped over and put an arm around Merry Gay's shoulders. She was shaking. "I can't picture her scared, you know that? Her white and rich, I can't picture that."
Breathing in the smoke filtered through the green leaves of the grapevine, shoes resoled with sticky grape pulp, they watched the light from the torches of the mobs and listened to them quarreling with each other, with Deputy Threet. 
"I tell you what I can picture now, Tommy. I can picture Nate Shirley shooting Travis's daddy in the cemetery back there." Merry Gay nodded northeast, that section of dark woods where the cemetery contained their dead families, her own daddy included. "Mama didn't do us any favors trying to keep peace with the Shirleys. None of us were fooled."
"It wadn't about peace," Tommy said and took her arm away. "It was about living, making a living. Same as me."
"Let's go." Merry Gay started walking, ducking low, toward the south end of the arbor. "Mama's probably over at Miss Tilly's, staying with her till this is over."
From there, in the dark and fusing firelight, they could pick out only the general direction of Miss Tilly's house, two rows east and not a single light on that end of the row. 
"We'll only scare Miss Tilly to death if she's holed up, hiding," Tommy said.
"Scary as she is, she's liable to shoot us for one of the Shirleys."
 "What if that mob mistakes us for some of the Shirleys?"
"Or the other way around," said Merry Gay. "Who's really against who here, do you know?" Her throat was raw from singing and screaming.
"I'll bet Mama circled back looking for you and she's at the house by now," Tommy said. "Maybe Will's home by now." Tommy's clean neat bungalow was on the second row, west-side of the tracks, a straight shot from the front of the Shirley house. All was dark on that end of the quarters but the two fired houses in the middle were spreading smoke and flames. Stark chimney's standing like monuments to the dead.
"Tommy, I don't think Will's home. I think he's for sure hiding out somewhere like Buck and Charlie and them." Then Merry Gay told about the fight in the smoking car, but not about sweet humble Will as caught up in the bloodletting as the boldest of them. Really, she suspected that he was one of the dead or wounded at the camp south along the tracks.
The wind tore at their hair and skirts and there was a sprinkle of rain, no stars now, only curdled smoke and clouds. Weary from walking and holding their breath and dodging gunfire and yesterday's friends happening up out of the shadows as enemies, they held hands to keep from getting separated and for comfort, creeping through the backyard gardens, around trees and through gates, toward the house where they'd both been raised. It would be so dark at times that they would stumble into walls of wells and fences, or almost hang themselves on clotheslines, and then again they would be out in the open, exposed as in daylight by the spreading house and outbuilding fires along the three lanes, east across the fence. Hogs were snorting and squealing, scuttling through the dark, dogs barking, cattle lowing and chickens cackling.
 Just before they reached Roberta's yard, south along the back fence line of the first row of houses, they passed by the camp barn and lot. A dark horse ripped through the burning door of the barn, a hellish explosion of whinnying and splintering wood and fire. It sprang through the vine-draped tree limbs, topping the fence, almost trampling them. 
Arms shielding her head, too scared to scream but screaming inside, Merry Gay clung to Tommy's hand. They were shaking, both of them shaking. Up ahead they could hear Jean's baby wailing, and behind, the mobs' swollen voices, and Merry Gay longed to go back to the seeming safety of the Shirley house, like Deputy Threet switching to the winning side. But more than that she wanted her mother, like Priss wanting her own mother earlier on the train, cut off from her by a mere nightmare only a blink of the eye away from over.
Tommy was thinking something else. "At least they ain't set fire to Jean's house yet." But thinking about Bernice too. "Mama'll fix it."
Roberta was still sitting on her porch, singing to the whimpering children. All pale in the faint glow of firelight through the pecan trees. Her nasal kenting was sweet as slow rain on the roof in the swoon before sleep.
"Roberta," Merry Gay called low, "it's just us again, me and Tommy."
"What they got going up there?at the Shirley house?" She sounded sick or scared, one.
 "They're fussing and griping with that old deputy," Tommy said.
"You see Travis anywhere?"
"No," said Merry Gay, "we couldn't make out anybody from where we were hiding. Have you seen Mama yet?"
"I ain't, honey." Roberta shifted her clutch of sleeping children. "I seen a big man following right in behind y'all. Looked like that Elton boy, so y'all be on the lookout. He about got loose during all the commotion. Or could be the twins is dead and ain't nobody left to keep him in." She paused and then wearily went on talking. "Why don't y'all go get Jean's boy and then come set with me up here and wait on Bernice. She'll be along by and by, and won't be long before they kill each other off or call it quits." 
Merry Gay decided that Roberta was scared, and that made her more scared; not of the Elton boy-she and Tommy both had long ago overed that. But yes Merry Gay would like to do nothing but sit with Roberta and the children, maybe close her eyes. Roberta's house seemed safe and removed enough from the main action and the fires; it seemed a good place to look out for Bernice.  Jean's beating on the walls and doors and the baby's crying didn't even seem so unnerving here with Roberta in charge.
She started up the doorsteps, but Tommy yanked her back. "We'll get that baby to you soon as we can, Roberta," she said. 
"I've nussed him so long, seems like my own. But I reckon he won't starve, and Jean's a sight better off shut up than running loose. I got enough on my hands as it is." She looked down at her sprawled sleeping boys and the baby at her breast, no longer sucking, but sleeping, pacified by her nipple. 
Thunder sounded off in the east, followed close by lightening, illuminating a mountain-like ridge of iron clouds. The rooty smell of hogs in the parlor off the swamp carried on the stiff smoky wind.
"Storm oughta sober em up," Roberta said. 
Merry Gay laughed. Tommy didn't; she was rearing to go and didn't want to get Roberta started on the subject of men.
 Before Tommy married Will, Roberta had a serious little talk with her. She said Negro men are built like stallions, so be sure he mounts you from behind. Had Tommy so scared she started not to get married, and none of Bernice's serious little talks did a bit of good as antidote. The image had been struck on both Tommy's and Merry Gay's imagination, and maybe even Bernice's. That entire week before the wedding it was like a herd of stallions were stampeding the house, cunning, menacing. None realized how enchanted the other was till the morning after the wedding and Tommy walked into the kitchen and said, "It ain't so." And nobody even asked what ain't so.
But this time Merry Gay knew that Roberta was only trying to make light of something serious. The riff between the men may have started out with bullish behavior and alcohol, but it had gone beyond that.  
"You want to come with us?" Merry Gay asked Roberta, hoping she'd say no. All those scared children would only delay their search and make them easy targets for Shirley's men. Suddenly Merry Gay wondered why, who. Why a target and who would want to kill them? Their men, all men, their protectors turned savage? Nothing made sense if not the theory of a drunken fight evolving into war between the Shirley men and the old Moniac families. "We'll be back to check on you." 
"Do. I'll keep a lookout for fire and bust Jean out at the first sign."
The kitchen door off the hall of the Rose house was open, flung wide. The room was dim with refracted firelight and felt warm coming in out of the wind, and again the ticking clock on the mantel in the parlor beyond the connecting dining room wall soothed Merry Gay. But it unnerved her too. She wanted to know what time it was, how much time had passed, how soon the morning.
"Mama," she called low. Then Tommy called. Both their voices trembling, them seeking in the dark as they passed from the kitchen to the dining room and the pie safe with its nutmeg smell.
"This is crazy," Tommy said. "If she was here she'd answer." 
"If she could," Merry Gay said. "Let's check the bedrooms. See if she's been here or something." She could be near-dead from a gunshot wound, she could be dead on her feet, literally.
They separated, checking the three lofty dark bedrooms, across the hall, moving among the old beds and dressers, chairs and tables charted in memory. Bernice never changed the placement of the furniture like most women. Things were where they belonged and they belonged to her.
In the fire-bright hallway, together again, Merry Gay said, "She's not here." 
"She's been here though," said Tommy, holding something up. "Miss Moxie's hateful ole ugly shoes."
 Merry Gay laughed. "So she has been here!" She quit laughing. "But where is she now?"
"She's all right, Merry Gay, I know she is." Tommy was holding one shoe in each hand, swinging them. "Yeah, she's just gone looking for you and Priss. I say we stay here awhile, wait for her to come to us."
They sat on the long bench in the hallway, between the parlor and dining room, in the confusing flicker of firelight and the on-again, off-again gunfire and shouts. West side of the tracks, then east side, at the commissary they could see if only they had the nerve to step out on the front porch. It was that bright out, from the fires. 
Merry Gay was shaking, chilled in the wind streaming through the hallway. Shoulder to shoulder with Tommy, so close her hair tickled Merry Gay's face and made it itch. She felt itchy all over from need of sleep. Both sat with their backs resting against the dull green wall that looked greener in the firelight, sheen they'd never noticed before to the brown bead-board ceiling. Every shadow on the floor from the wavering fire took on the shape of Bernice gimping along; every creak of the house resisting the force of the wind took on the sound of Bernice gimping along the hall. They'd heard those heavy rocking footsteps so many times.
Merry Gay sat forward, her over-sized shadow looming up the hall. "Let's go in the parlor. My back is killing me." 
Tommy only sat there. In a daze, dozing? Suddenly she stood, maybe ashamed of falling asleep or maybe toughened by her new harder life across the tracks more than Merry Gay had realized. Fights often broke out on the west side, always had. Hoss Rose, bossman before Shirley, would be sent for to settle the fights, to scold them like children and send them off to their own beds. But Merry Gay wondered how often Tommy had fretted over just such an eruption to her peace when somebody new to Moniac Crossing figured her for white, a white woman shacking up with a colored man. Or married, which was worse. Had she gone to work keeping house for the Shirleys to gain Nate Shirley's protection? "The man" who knew the facts, that the blood running through her veins was close enough to black and would defend her and Will both from the red-blooded newcomers he hired.

***

Angels again, following Miss Ellie's chimney fire and her blurted announcement of who for the record had birthed Booger Boy, Merry Gay and Tommy were back in school, back in church, the Rose household was back to normal.
A few Easters later, Merry Gay in a white robe was singing at Sunrise service. All area churches had come together in one accord to celebrate a risen Savior. On the second stanza of "He Arose," facing out at the solemn morning faces of the town, against a backdrop of rosy sunlit windows, she saw for the first time up close Nathan Shirley and his little granddaughter Priss.
He stepped through the door, hat in hand, and stood waiting for Priss to enter behind him. She had on a pink billed hat tied under her soft chin and looked shy. He closed the door easy and remained standing there with her, fixated on the girl in the white robe singing in the pulpit. In his fine gray and chalk-striped suit, he looked too important for the tiny white church with its tall steeple; his look of reverence and awe were too much, meant to sway attention toward him. But he could have been the risen Christ standing in the doorway with those downcast humble eyes. 
Melted wax from the lit white candles on the pulpit table had produced a soft fragrant smoke, like incense, mingling with the Easter lilies in baskets each side of the door. 
When Merry Gay was done singing, he nodded, then led Priss to the middle pew on the right and sat down beside her. All eyes on him and knowing it.
Tommy, in a white robe too, her wild hair tamed into a ponytail, floated up into the pulpit and began leading the benediction from the back of her maroon hymnal. Face as pure as the light, she enunciated each word and kept her eyes down, staring at the book, while the congregation read their response. That she'd been changed by her encounter with the town, her sudden knowing that she was obliquely unique, was masked by her very presence in the all-white church who had accepted her as white, so white that a few years later they would condemn her marriage to a Negro man. 
To Merry Gay Tommy had seemed torn in two, after their near-rape at the creek and Tommy's rape by the town. She didn't know where she belonged, so at times she belonged only to herself. Going barefoot in winter and wandering off alone, sullen and gnawing on her lips; eating on the back porch of the Rose house instead of with the family in the kitchen. Then Tommy would seem to forget and be one of them again, laughing, playing-Merry Gay's playmate, beloved sister and daughter.
After the sunrise service, outside in the blooming green and fuchsia light of azaleas and pines, Shirley strutted up from the crowd in their homemade Easter garb to speak to Hoss.
Smiling slyly with his hands caught behind, he said, "Amazing. Simply amazing. Has she had any formal training?"
"Who?" Hoss knew; he was just sucking up the compliment as modestly as he knew how.
"Your daughter, Merry Gay."
"She was born with it." Hoss watched his girls carrying baskets full of Easter lilies down the church steps. 
"I hear you play a mean fiddle; I play the violin." Shirley watched them too.
Hoss only stood there, maybe expecting an invitation to pair up, or more likely a showdown.
 "I've decided that the more I know about you folks here, the less I know." 
Hoss crossed his arms over his broad chest. "How's that?"
Speaking low and under his breath and turning to look behind, for effect as much as anything, it seemed, Shirley said, "That girl, Tommy. She's Negro, right?"
"What's your point, Shirley?" Suddenly Hoss looked puffed up. "You wouldn't be asking if you didn't know."
"Just curious," he said. "Just curious. Generally in the South folks are more picky about their dealings with Negroes."
"I hear you!"
Shirley laughed, leaned closer than was acceptable at Moniac Crossing. He whispered, "Tell me about this Nancy McCall, your other girl's mother?Tommy, I believe her name is. Why is Nancy McCall's name still used to describe a cheaper grade of gum?"
"Well, you know how some things just stick in your craw," Hoss said. The girls were ready to go; Hoss had been ready to go. "A fine woman, Nancy McCall. No finer."
"Man to man, I'd like to know how things work around here." Shirley caught hold of Hoss's elbow as he started to go. "Know what I mean?"
"I'm beginning to."
"Nigger in the woodpile, reversed. Right? Or is that girl there just your own personal poontang?"
Hoss glared at him, then made as if to walk off, but faced him square. "You being new here, and it Easter Sunday and all, I'm gonna let that slide for now. Next time, I'm gonna dirty up that fine suit for you and make a frown out of that smile."
That evening on the Rose's front porch, at sunset, Hoss in his rocker called out for Merry Gay inside the house to come listen.
She stepped out on the porch and listened. Some strange instrument up the lane was playing music. Up and down the tracks, white blooms of dogwoods shouted from yards and woods.
"What is it?" she asked her daddy, sidling over to his chair.
"A violin. A violin at Moniac Crossing!"
"Who?"
"Nate Shirley. Sounds like he's on his front porch or in the yard."
 The music was beautiful but eerie, in the guttering evening light, in plain old Moniac Crossing. The closest she'd ever come to such a sound was the long, plaintive notes of the train whistles. She felt annoyed by this music, almost, but drawn to it at the same time. "Let's go see," she said.
"No." Hoss who never said simply no without explanation, repeated it again. "No."
She listened closer, waiting for Hoss to explain. Not sparing her innocent ears a single word, he told her what Nate Shirley had said about Tommy that morning. And told her to see to it that Tommy never went near the scoundrel if she could help it.
Shocked by her daddy telling her that, she only stood there.  Then she recognized the melody. "`He Arose,'" she said.
"I wouldn't be surprised," Hoss said, "I wouldn't be surprised."

***

On the davenport in the parlor, Merry Gay and Tommy listened to the clock tick in the creeping camphor fumes and watched the firelight from across the tracks cut figures on the white curtains and the wide pine floorboards. They were too filthy to be sitting on the tapestry davenport but it seemed not to matter then; what mattered was what they could see and hear and hope for, not heaven exactly but not this hell either. They could hear the baby crying next door, but Jean had quit pounding on the walls. Now and then a pistol shot and the coarse raucous voice of Deputy Threet were carried on the wind, dogs barking and tin shrieking only background racket for the action.
Merry Gay said, "We have to find Mama." The smell of dried blood sickened her in the close room. "I know she's out looking for us now."
"You know what I think?" Tommy's voice sounded too loud, too high-pitched but that didn't matter either.
"That she's like Will, hiding out till it's over?"
Tommy paused and then spoke lower. "If Will was in the woods with the others he'd get word to me, he'd come after me."
Merry Gay wished she hadn't mentioned Will; she knew Tommy was right. "Maybe he has been looking, like Mama's been looking. Maybe we should just stay here till morning or go to Roberta's." She tried to make out the ticking clock on the mantel, to see what time it was. But really she was afraid to look, afraid to know. The wind seemed as endless as the day. "I'll be glad when it starts raining," she said. "At least it'll be something; at least it'll be a change."
"What about everybody out there though?the people in the woods? I wonder will they come back home anyway when it starts raining."
"God, Tommy! I can't sit here." Merry Gay stood and walked to the window, looking out at the fire behind Roberta's house, bare rafters strung with blowing fire. Another fire had cropped up on the west side of the tracks, fire racing along the fat pine fence-rails like rats. She didn't tell Tommy.
"If I know Mama," Tommy said, sighing with her head back, "she's stopping off house to house, helping out. What I guess we oughta be doing."
"She was too tired last I saw of her, Tommy. But maybe she would after all." Merry Gay leaned into the wall by the window, looking out at the pale flickering firelight on the bricks of the well. Nothing was changing.
"You remember that time before I got married and we went swimming in the creek and got ticks? How Mama stripped down and made us strip down and we checked each other head to foot?"
"What does that have to do with anything now?" Merry Gay could hear her breathing like the breathing of the chimney, the downdraft of wind.
"I guess it don't. I was just remembering how fun and funny she was. I was thinking how I looked at her poor old saggy, warped body and couldn't believe that could ever happen to mine."
"Me too. I guess I thought that." Merry Gay yawned.
"But now it doesn't seem like that. I mean, it does, that I can wear out and give out and die even."
"Priss was so young, Tommy. So sweet and tough." Merry Gay started crying again.
"What will Mr. Nate do when he finds out he killed her."
"How will he find out?"
"You'll tell him. That's how. I don't know when or how, but you'll tell him."
"You mean, to get back at him for killing Priss and my brothers too if he catches up with them. For swindling us and everybody else out of their land? Is that why all this happened, do you think?"
"That, and for rubbing our noses in it. Among other things too many to count."
"I want my mama," Merry Gay said in Priss's voice, though propped up and ready to go out searching for Bernice again.
If Hoss Rose had been alive, Merry Gay knew he would have brought order. And it was not only the thinking of a spoiled daughter. The entire community used to listen when he spoke: they trusted him because he had proven they could trust him. During court, when he served on the jury, along with Nate Shirley-usually the two most powerful men in the community were called to jury duty-it had been Hoss Rose who swayed the remaining ten jurors with his common sense. Nate Shirley was as loud and better educated but his loudness came off as preachment, or worse, the speech of a tree-stump politician. He didn't understand them, so he couldn't speak for them. Hoss Rose could. 
For instance, on a case involving two little-time cattlemen claiming the same cow, Nate Shirley had reasoned that the cow in question had in fact been grazing on the range of woods claimed by the first farmer; but as Hoss pointed out to the jury the second farmer could call the cow by name and it would hitch its ears and look up.  Cows are dumb by nature, Nate Shirley said, any cow might do that, looking for an ear of corn or looking just to be looking (what he really said was, Bovine nature is to respond to stimuli, be it racket or rations). Yeah, said Hoss Rose, but who save for the farmer who had pulled the calf at birth would know about a dot of white on its underbelly?


CHAPTER 6

Easing out the parlor door to the hall, they stopped, holding their breath. Seeing first the long spread-legged shadow of a man laid flat as a paper doll on the hall floor, they looked out at the front porch and saw him in silhouette, small by comparison. Standing there, considering them. A pistol in one hand hadn't shown in the shadow on the floor because the man was holding it out before him, aiming it at them.
"Wherebouts is Buck and Charlie at?" he asked.
Merry Gay felt rooted to the floor. She didn't recognize the voice. She didn't recognize the shape of the man with the firelight across the tracks at his back.
"We don't know," Tommy said. "We don't know where anybody is." 
"Y'all just here all by your lonesome, huh?" He sounded friendlier suddenly, or devilish. Up to no good.
"No. Our mama'll be here any minute now." Merry Gay tried to calm her heart, to steady her voice. It was no use. 
He stepped closer, his shadow moved up the hall. Merry Gay holding to Tommy's waist stepped left as she stepped. She stopped as his shadow stopped.
"So, you're that gal they say sings so pretty, huh?"
Even if Merry Gay could have she wouldn't have answered.
"Kind of shy, ain't y'all?" He laughed. "Me new around here and all, looks like y'all'd be more neighborly."
So far he had revealed that he knew Buck and Charlie were not behind the shot-up lavatory door on the train. Did he know that Priss was behind the door? Was that why he hadn't asked where the bossman's missing granddaughter was at? 
Merry Gay shoved at Tommy's back. She inched forward. He followed. The shadow showed an arm on the right, a hand and the pistol motioning right. 
"You girls," he said in a serious curdled voice, "let's just step on in that room over there. Ain't nobody gone get hurt if y'all do like I say do. Hear?"
Through the hall, out back, Merry Gay could see firelight, opening, space to run if she could trust Tommy to run too. But Tommy felt stuck, frozen in inching motion. Would Bernice be able to save them as she had from the rolling-store man at the creek so long ago? No. If she showed up now with the firelight at her back at the end of the hall he would probably shoot her. So much shooting going on at the Crossing, one more shot would go unnoticed. Besides, who was there to save them? The wind was howling around the house and gusting along the hall, almost blowing them forward.
"You got trouble with my brothers, go after them," Merry Gay said. "But leave us alone."
"Well, y'all just a sight prettier than them ole boys and ain't no need in us not getting to know one another while I'm here. Tomorrow, ain't nobody gone know the difference." He laughed again, then quit, pistol shadow waving on the floor. "Now, y'all better just get on in there and get it over with."
"Run, Tommy!" Merry Gay shoved her ahead and Tommy's feet seemed already in running motion, Merry Gay close behind her. End of the hall, hopping off the porch and running again, into the blowing shadows and against the wind, as their feet hit the ground.
Side by side, they reached the back gate at the same time. Beyond the gate, Jean's boarded up house came alive with her kicking and stomping. Shouting, "I know what you're up to, don't think I don't." A muffled pistol shot as if from inside. "I'll kill you sure, you mess with me."
Merry Gay looked back to see the man from the hall stumbling along the edge of the porch, gaining his footing, then running from the shadows at the southeast corner of the porch and into the fire-bright yard, north side of the house. At the northwest corner of the fence he leaped up on the brace, looked around, and hopped over, running through the blowing shadows of the oak and up the rail bed to the tracks, heading south.
"He's gone." Merry Gay had hold of the sharp gate pickets, bracing herself.
"Who was he?" Tommy had picked up a loose fence rail she'd found on the ground. Her breath was coming forced and hard.
"Said he was new around here. Had to be one of Shirley's men." 
"Probably some of that convict labor he's always bringing in on us."
The old settlers of Moniac had been enraged when they learned that Shirley was bringing in convict labor, leased from the state, who he could work cheap in the pinewoods. For a while every cow wrangled or random shot fired was blamed on the convicts. But Nate Shirley never quit bringing them in, and soon the old settlers wearied of trying to sort who was good from who was bad among all the newcomers. Shirley and his sons were proven criminals and problem enough. 
Next door Jean was still raging. Banging two pot lids together, sounded like. The baby screaming and her mocking him. 
"Sounded like she fired off a pistol in there," Tommy said.
"It could have been Roberta at her house."
"I think it was Jean's hollering scared him off. He's likely heard about her if he's heard about you."
"No," said Merry Gay, staring beyond the shadow-streaked back yard to the south side of the house and a gigantic stooped man accented by the firelight from across the tracks. 
"Booger Boy." Tommy stood the point of the fence rail into the dirt at her feet and leaned on it, watching him step heavy side to side then vanish into the blocky shadow of the next house.
"Booger Boy scared him off." Merry Gay kept watching for him to show again in another streak of firelight, maybe heading for the Elton house at the south end of the row. 
Tommy must have been thinking the same. "Was he following us?" she whispered. "Trying to save us like we once saved him? Roberta was right-it was Booger Boy behind us when we went up to the Shirley house."
"Could be," Merry Gay sighed. "Could be he's just taking advantage of this craziness to get out for a change."
They were still standing there at the gate, stuck as they'd been in the hall. "What now?"
Jean answered the question. "Hey, let me out!"
"I guess we should let her out."
"Not yet." Merry Gay started for the back porch of the Rose house. "Bring that fence rail with you," she said. "If he comes back we'll at least give him a headache."
"Booger Boy?"
"No. Not Booger Boy." 
"What's his real name anyway?" 
"Samson."
"How did you know that?" 
"I just named him."
From the back porch, they could see another house flaring up with fresh whitish fire on the next row, only one house up from Roberta's, it appeared, just over her back fence.
Jean who had calmed down for a spell began pounding on walls, doors and windows. Kicking even. The baby was crying, a sound as reassuring as the disturbing sound of Jean's attack on the walls. So far he was still alive. Soon they would have to let her go. They would have to put up with and protect her. One more reason for finding good ole dependable Bernice, who was the inadvertent expert on handling crazy people, drunks, and daughters with coward hearts.
Gunshots went off with the sparks and twirling flames, or maybe some ammunition had exploded inside another burning house, apparently caught from the one next door to it. The crowd gathered at the house was shouting for help; Deputy Threet was shouting orders for everybody to get back and stay back before somebody got bad burned. The wind was whisking through the pine needles and howling around the resistance of tree trunks, children were crying, men cursing, dogs barking.
"Not another fire," Merry Gay said with an intake of breath. "At this rate all of Moniac will be burned up by morning."
"Or blown away, if this wind gets any stronger. Maybe Mama's over there, helping fight fire."
"Where we oughta be, right?" Merry Gay said.
They were sitting along the back-porch wall by the water-shelf, fence rail leaned on the bench between them.
Tommy didn't answer, seemed to be considering the right answer. She got up and went down the hall, toward the front, and when she came back she was carrying the shoes belonging to Miss Moxie. 
"What are you doing with those shoes?" 
"I don't know yet." She sat on the top porch step, placing the shoes to one side, and watched the fire bloom with the lightning in the murky sky. "What'll it take to stop them?" she mused.
Standing behind her, Merry Gay watched. "Tommy, look!" She pointed southeast at a large wheel of light framed with four burning posts and a pitched roof.
"The old hooper shed," said Tommy.
Nothing more said as they watched the fire-lit wheel and frame of the shed crumble to a heap of flames, a terrible crash and rumble and then a neat trail of fire spreading left and igniting the foundation and walls of the one-room schoolhouse.
Tommy sucked in her breath. "I wonder if Booger Boy?I mean, Samson's?still out there, watching over us."
"I hate to say it, but he still scares me. The way he looks is part of it and I won't lie."
"In a bad fix, I bet we'd both be glad to see that elephant face."
Merry Gay walked over to the water-shelf on her left, lit by the house fires on the west side of the tracks. Two shacks burning side by side but like one big house. She lifted the metal dipper from the bucket of light-twinkling water and drank. Her throat was so raw she could hardly swallow, but the water tasted of nourishing minerals, was soft and cool when it did go down. She was hungry suddenly; she was either feeling that after-morning calm or growing accustomed to the mayhem she felt born to.
"I don't get this, do you?" Tommy looked behind her, up the hall, as if she expected the strange man, should he return, to be standing in the same place as before. 
Merry Gay had been doing the same thing. Now, she searched the shadows of the yard for his long shadow-the only image she had of him. She took the fence rail to Tommy. "Here, if he comes up the doorsteps, you lam him over the head." 
But he didn't come and neither did Bernice. And if Booger Boy, renamed Samson, was out there, they didn't see him.
Merry Gay longed to tell Tommy about singing on the boat, to tell about the wasted symbolism of the song she sang, about her revenge by depriving everybody of a second song. But it all seemed petty now. 
Dipping water from the bucket to the wash pan, washing her hands, she sketched in for Tommy only the most important details of the day, what had happened between the men at the depot and on the train as she understood it, how all of this trouble had come about. 
In daylight the colors of the prince's feathers growing from the sour mud of the water-shelf runoff would be crimson, but in the firelight the burry flower heads were burnished as pumpkins. The large iron dinner-bell stood dumb on its tall pole, center of the mud-hole flower bed, its thin hemp rope trailing from the hinged bail to a nail driven into the sturdy pine plank supporting the left end of the water-shelf.  The wind whipped the rope, causing it to flap against the inset wall at the corner of the porch. Merry Gay recognized it as one of the minor noises she had been hearing and was glad she could identify at least one of the sounds in the mishmash of racket. What if she should ring the bell? Would Bernice hear it? Would she come running?
Smelling the soap sweetening the bitter smoke, Merry Gay said, "You up to walking aways?"
"Long as I don't have to wear these old shoes." Tommy laughed low and looked down at the shoes next to her. "Where we going?" 
"I think I know where we might find Mama. Maybe even Will."
"Where?"
They had closed the kitchen door to the hall and a sudden gust blew it open and slapping against the wall behind. A calendar scraped the wall above the stove. Merry Gay went down the hall and forced the door closed against the wind.
"Down the tracks where they've camped with the dead and wounded," Merry Gay said as she stepped onto the porch again. She could imagine it now, all very clearly. If her mother wanted to find her she would check first at home, then among the wounded and dead. And Priss? Surely her family had checked there first, and not finding her there, or Merry Gay, they would assume the two were terrified and hiding somewhere till it was safe to come out, as Bernice had said. She thought about Nate Shirley talking about her grit and common sense rubbing off on Priss. Well, look where it had got her. 
Later, Merry Gay would hash over her guilt, but for now she had things to do. Tommy would need her if Will was dead; if he was wounded, he would need them both. A Negro man wouldn't be at the top of the list when the doctor got there.
In the stretch of woods, east side of the track, between the last house and the firelight of the makeshift morgue and hospital a mile or so south, Merry Gay and Tommy had to tread mud in a stand of cypress, afraid to step out to the railway but not sure why exactly. Only that behind and ahead were angry shouts and the crackle of house-fires and gunfire. Dozens of dogs were yipping and barking, ganging with the crowd their masters were ganging with, or maybe thronging in the thick of the excitement for an all-night romp. But in the cypress swamp, the bullfrogs and peepers blocked all other sounds and the smell of swamp mud cleared their heads of smoke.
Still, they held hands, stepping high with their skirt tails hiked. Not once had Tommy mentioned the word snake, and Merry Gay knew why. Like every human threat, danger was relative. And it seemed to Merry Gay in this new life of her longest night that her plight was really simple: stay one step ahead and out of the way. Do what you have to do and let the rest wait.
Mud sucked at their shoes, and their calves cramped from jacking their knees. Several times they stepped down on stobs and cypress knees, and finally had to drop hands and take off their shoes and carry them. Alone, together, in the swampy dark. 
"I hope he's following us," Merry Gay said.
"Me too."
Of course they meant Samson, but the name was too new to say with feeling. Besides, Merry Gay feared that the sight of the stumbling giant would ignite some new terror to make their hearts race faster. After all, they couldn't know for sure whether he meant them harm or was protecting them. Still, the notion that somebody stronger was looking out for them made them feel safer. Less at the mercy of the night and strange men who might turn out to be familiar, men they saw everyday and never knew to fear. Like those strange familiar men gone mad in the smoking car.
Live branches, pine needles and cones rained down in the wind. Slow going with their eyes fixed on the light down the tracks that seemed to split with the trees blocking their vision. The light seemed to be moving away like the voices downwind. 
When at last they reached the site of the wounded, the circle of lanterns and the burning stump revealed only ghosts of men: some sitting, some standing, pacing or lying down. Loud frantic babble and groans. Without stepping out from the cover of woods, the girls were too far away to tell if Bernice or Will was among them. The camp was at least twenty or thirty yards away, but on the rise of the rail bed, the men were in full view but faceless. 
"Isn't that his car?" Tommy whispered, hiding behind a stout pine trunk with Merry Gay hanging to her right shoulder.
"Nate Shirley's? I don't see it." Then squinting through the dark, she thought she did see it, a dark block parked diagonally to the right of the camp, front wheels almost on the tracks, but if she looked at it a certain way it became only an illusion, darker dark. "He must have slipped out the backway with the doctor and driven past while we were in the swamp."
"Don't look like the mobs followed him, does it?" asked Tommy.
"Not that I can tell. Maybe they followed Deputy Threet to the house that just caught fire, expecting Shirley would still be at his house when they got back." Merry Gay leaned into the tree trunk and tugged on her shoes, leaving them unlaced, her toes squishing mud. "Can you make out Mama or Will from here?" 
"No?I don't know."
The wind was whistling in the pine top overhead and rocking the limber groaning trunk.
"We've got to get out from under these trees. This wind's apt to blow a limb down on us. Let's go."
"I can't go out there yet, Tommy. I can't tell about Priss yet, and besides I don't know where I fit in all this because of Buck and Charlie." 
"I don't reckon anybody would have it in for me and me working for the Shirleys, do you?
"I wouldn't think so, no."
"I'm the one went after the doc in Fargo. Wadn't for me I doubt he'd be here right now, don't you?"
 Really Merry Gay thought it possible that Tommy might be considered the enemy too because of Will and also her association with the Roses, her family. "I don't want you to go. I don't see Will or Mama anywhere anyway."
"You don't think??"
"I can't think, Tommy." Merry Gay stepped away from the tree toward the total dark of the swamp; her mama could have been there and left or she could have been shot down on the spot. Will was likely dead there before them. She couldn't let Tommy find him like that, she couldn't risk what her sister might say or do. 
"Wait!" Tommy hissed. "Do you hear something coming down the tracks?"
Merry Gay stepped over to the tree where Tommy was standing again, tuning her ears in that direction and picking up a clacking, ratcheting sound. A pumping sound, like a blacksmith firing the coals with his bellow.
They stepped out from the tree line as far as they dared, seeing up the track what looked like two people floating toward the circle of lanterns, one thick the other thin, backlit by the fires of the burning houses at the Crossing. Both bending at the waist and straightening up, moving fast up the tracks like spirits. 
"It's a railroad handcart, I think," Merry Gay whispered and stepped a few more feet toward the rail bed.
"Somebody coming to help, thank God." Tommy followed her, hanging close and smiling.
Several men at the camp, having heard the cart too, and possibly seen it, moved out toward the tracks with their railroad lanterns, calling out to the men on the cart.
"Oh no," Merry Gay said, holding out her arms to stop Tommy, "It's Charlie and Buck!"
"I thought you said they were gone."
"They must have hiked up to the switching tracks and got the cart to come back and look for Mike Ruis or?I don't know."
The men appeared to have recognized the Rose boys too. Shouting at each other they ran back toward the camp and the wounded men, lanterns swinging, and began fumbling weapons from the ground and running again toward the tracks. Buck and Charlie on the handcart picked up speed, passing right by them.
Shotguns and pistols popped and boomed. Merry Gay and Tommy ran toward the woods, holding their ears. Suddenly tired, so tired her eyes showed red sparkles in the dark, Merry Gay sat in the briars and weeds and cried. Sobbing loud, because what did it matter? Tommy knelt beside her. "Get up," she said. "Let's go. It'll be morning soon."
"No, don't you believe that. Don't say that." Merry Gay had been waiting so long for morning to come, and with it, peace, that she no longer believed in morning and didn't know what she did believe in but whatever, it verged on blasphemy. She could no longer pray.
The men who had shot at Buck and Charlie on the handcart were chasing south along the tracks, war whoops claiming the sounds of the wind and the ratcheting of the handcart.  
Tommy braced Merry Gay with one arm and helped her to stand, walking her out to the clearing just off the railroad right of way and toward the mean light of the blazing houses at Moniac Crossing. 
"I'm not going back to the house yet," Merry Gay said.
They were approaching the Elton house on the south end of the Crossing's tracks. A dark house, not a sound. Even the dog was gone.
"Don't look now," Tommy whispered, looking back, "but I think I saw Samson. I think he's for sure following us." Her arm was still around Merry Gay's waist as if to help her walk and her full coarse hair was blowing in Merry Gay's face.
"Thank God."
"Thank Samson."
"Don't. You'll scare him off." Merry Gay suddenly switched back to the problem at hand. "Buck and Charlie are probably dead. We've got to find Mama now."
Creeping yard to yard, along the back fence rows of wind-wrung pear, fig, and pecan trees for cover, Merry Gay and Tommy kept walking when they got to the Rose's back yard. Glancing back now, they could see no trace of the big man, their protector, who looked like an elephant. Obviously, this time he had stayed at his house. They could hear out front along the lane by the tracks men on horses and men on foot, loud talk overlapping. One of them coughed, somebody said, "Listen!" Gunfire sounded to the left, across the tracks. 
"At the commissary?" Tommy whispered.
"Sounds like it, I can't tell."
The men crossed the tracks, in the light of the new fire on that side, heading toward the commissary. One's hat blew off and skirled along the tracks like a dark bird.
Merry Gay and Tommy were almost level with the backyard of Jean's house. The baby was crying fitfully, louder than before, more open, closer. The porch looked dark in the chutes of firelight blazing each side of the yard from across the tracks.  
"Does it look to you like somebody's ripped the boards loose from the backdoor?" Tommy said.
"Maybe. Come on."
Jean's porch was always cluttered with old furniture, mattresses and clothes. Underneath the kitchen window was a wood kindling box and that was where the crying seemed to be coming from, which at first didn't make sense. Then their eyes adjusted to a faint glow from the open kitchen door and a lit lamp or candle somewhere inside growing in the darkness as they stepped from the light of the fire across the tracks. The glow had been there all along but unnoticed before because of the brighter firelight.  
Merry Gay and Tommy stopped at the porch steps, each calling low for Jean. Eyes on the dumpy flailing baby dressed only in a sheet diaper, lying inside the wood box under the kitchen window.
"Jean?" Merry Gay called, going up on the porch. 
The wind had picked up, gusting, and an aluminum bucket or pot rolled under the porch, bail rattling. Pecans pelted the tin roof of a shed beyond the back fence. 
 Tommy, following close, whispered, "She's not here. She's left the baby," then "Jean?" she called to be sure.  No answer, only the wind knocking the open door against the wall of the kitchen. Heat from inside oozing out around the in-rush of wind, so hot it seemed that surely the meager lamp or candle glow might erupt into house-fire.
 "Where would she be?" Tommy asked.
"Crazy as she is, no telling." Merry Gay had heard Jean refer to Samson as a freak; she wondered if he had heard her say that and had taken revenge on her in some way. Was he capable of such thinking, she didn't know?
 She knelt and picked up the baby. He was wet and his skin was hot, flesh knotted up from the strain of crying. Somebody had made him a bed of bunched flannel sheeting, like a bird might build a nest, atop the firewood. She placed the baby on her shoulder shushing him, patting his marble-smooth back. He was heavy, solid weight. Husky and not sweet like some babies. He smelled of burped milk and pee. The wind took his breath and he stopped crying and shuddered, then began crying again. Holding the baby made her feel hopeful and renewed, at peace after witnessing her brothers being shot at and likely killed. He was a miracle, proof of survival. Everything would be all right; the night would pass with the storm. Tomorrow would come after all.
 "Moses in the bullrushes," Merry Gay said. "Remember that story from Sunday School, Tommy?"
"Let's take him to Roberta," said Tommy, peering out in the dark, "see if she's seen Jean or Mama."
Shushing the baby, they walked fast, headed for the sagging gate leading to Roberta's yard. The house fire across the hedge of bushes and trees was burning low now but whipping and snapping in the wind. Roberta was sleeping, slumped over, her back to the wall, the two boys snuggled close, wrapped in quilts. The wind tore at the quilts and the boys' fine brown hair. Roberta's baby was cradled in her arms, a neat bundle swaddled in a pieced quilt.
Hearing Jean's baby crying, Roberta sat up straight.
"It's us Roberta," Merry Gay whispered. "Have you seen Jean?"
She shook her head and pulled her own baby close. Then laid him flat on her lap and reached out. "Hand him here," she whispered. 
"Her baby was on the porch but she was gone."
"He's wet and hungry," Roberta said. 
Suddenly the girls realized that Roberta was sobbing, sobbing low, not really a woman to cry and she sounded like she was choking. She held Jean's baby in her arms a minute, looking down, "Lil' ole fellow's fevered as me," she said. Then holding her left nipple in her right hand she guided it into his mouth, stifling his crying. "When will it all stop?" she whispered. "What will it take to make it stop?"
"Has Mama been by here yet?" Merry Gay whispered, easy and at peace with the absence of the crying. All was relative.
"I don't know if I dreamed I seen her or I seen her," Roberta said in a squeezed voice. "Either way, she was walking by, gimping like she'll do, and says for me to come help her get Jean out before she hurts herself and that baby. I says, 'I'm sick as a dog.' It just come over me-that old low blood I reckon-and here I got all these babies? I'm trying to get up and next thing, I hear boards ripping off Jean's door, seems like, and Bernice hollers out, 'It's me, Jean, don't shoot.' She shoots anyhow and then lets out a holler and shoots again, and ain't nare nother sound but that baby crying. I must of dreamed it because it was light outside then."
"Tommy?" Merry Gay whirled. But Tommy was gone, passing through the south chute of firelight in Roberta's yard, through the gate and running across Jean's yard, almost to her porch. "We'll be back, Roberta, I promise." 
Merry Gay stepped down off the porch, walking, swinging her arms, hearing the squawking of the swinging gate's hinges between Roberta's and Jean's yards. She tried to make out Tommy on the blind side of the light, on Jean's porch. The tiny glow from inside the house transferring to her white blouse. 
Gunshots from south along the tracks, the quarters burning good now, wind puffing smoke like bellows in a beehive, but none of it pertained to Merry Gay, none of it mattered, not even the two odd drops of rain that drizzled down her cheeks before the tears started. 
She could hear Tommy's skirt swishing and her shoes skimming the grass belatedly. She thought she could, but feared she had grown so used to the racket of gunfire and shouts she noticed only hints of sound, sound logged in as memory. Like Roberta's low ashamed sobbing, her soul sensing that her dreaming wasn't dreaming after all.
The firelight from a corn crib burning next row over, across the back fence, set off Jean's porch like daylight, sundown light. Merry Gay could see Tommy to the left of the open door, standing over what they'd earlier thought was a heap of old clothes. One pale clothed hump and one dark. "It's Mama, Merry Gay," she said. "Mama and Jean."
Merry Gay ran, thinking how loud Tommy had said it. How probably that meant that both women were dead. Then Tommy wouldn't care who heard.
"They're dead," Tommy said. "Both of them."
"Dead." Merry Gay stopped, clasping both hands over her racing heart. "Tommy, no, not Mama too."
Tommy was bending with her hands on her knees, head down and sobbing, coughing. "All that time?" She didn't finish what she was going to say, only kept sobbing.
On the porch, next to Tommy, Merry Gay leaned over her mother, seeing a gunshot wound like a small carefully bored hole, a punch-out in her weather-bronzed, wrinkled forehead. Jean's mouth was blown away, blood seeping and clotting like the oversized painted lips of a harlot, pistol in her right hand. 
Suddenly Tommy quit crying and walked over to the edge of the porch, looking out at the burning crib. "She's my mama, my real mama," she said. "I can't believe Anse leaving Jean a pistol."
Merry Gay was the one crying now, low and almost crooning, in her singing voice. Tommy walked over, standing beside her; they hugged, shaking, crying together, a melody that grew to howling like something wild, like the wind. Each blotting tears on the other's face. Then they broke free, standing apart and wiping their eyes and noses on their muddy dress tails. 
Merry Gay kneeled before her mother and held her rough right hand, the hand that had changed her clothes and brushed her hair, patted her on the back when she was good and paddled her bottom when she was bad. "I doubt Anse left her the pistol; she probably found where he'd hid it." The hand was filthy, stuffed-feeling. She kissed it anyway. 

***

Tommy was no longer crying, no longer hiding, but marching out toward the fire-lit lane along the railroad tracks, marching north with her head high and Miss Moxie's shoes and Jean's pistol down by her sides and swinging.
"Tommy, no," Merry Gay called, following, finding only a whisper of a voice even trying to shout. But she was thinking loud. "Wait!" she called out, running to catch up. "What are you doing?"
"I'm taking Miss Moxie her shoes."
Collected rags, moss and papers and even some woman's sunbonnet had blown and banked along the railroad embankment. The thick branches of the old live oaks on their right were giving up to the wind green leaves and brittle twigs and now and then whole limbs that had looked solid enough before; limbs that looked dead were holding. That's how bright it was from the fire across the track, and but for the east wind Merry Gay was sure she could feel the heat. 
"I don't think we ought to," she called after Tommy. "I don't think?"
"Go back if you want to, scardy-cat," she yelled without turning, marching on. "I'm not scared anymore."
Merry Gay could see that the fire across the tracks had spread all the way to the northernmost shanty on the edge of the woods and was eating its way through a chicken coop and shed behind the house, to Tommy's house. She knew Tommy had seen it too, so she said nothing. The mobs in front of the Shirley house seemed to have gathered for the newest fire, shouting, running, shooting. 
A man shouted, "One of them Shirley boys, get him!" 
Shots rang out, the fire snapped and lashed and sang with the wind in the pines of the bordering woods.
"Will," Merry Gay said, "maybe Will?"
"Will's gone," Tommy said, marching on up the lane.
At the south end of the Shirley's picket fence, Tommy kicked open the side gate and marched through and on toward the rear of the house, Merry Gay close behind her. When they reached the kitchen with the light burning behind the white curtains, Tommy backed off and tossed one shoe and then the other to the low sloped cypress-shingle roof, two loud sliding thuds but they stuck there. Then she fired the pistol up in the air. "Hey, Miss Moxie," she shouted, "come get your shoes. They're broke in good now."
Again, she fired the pistol and the backdoor opened a peep. Miss Moxie in her long flannel gown was standing, holding a lantern before her.
Her lips parted to a mixture of teeth, long, yellow and overlapping as if rattling around loose in her mouth. "What y'all mean by that?"
"Mama's dead," Merry Gay said. "I brought your shoes back." Her voice worked this time; better she be the culprit than Tommy.
Miss Moxie covered her mouth with one hand and a different hand on her shoulder pulled her inside. Then Priss's mother Sara stepped out into the doorway. She was wearing a dark fringed shawl about her shoulders, her right ringed hand holding it closed at the throat and the wind played the fringe like piano keys. 
"Where's Priss, Merry Gay?" she said calmly. 
"I don't know, Miss Sara."
"When did you last see her?"
"At the lavatory on the train. We got separated."
Her calm was cracking; her smooth tilted face was cracking. "How?"
"I don't know."
"You're lying." Suddenly Wanda was by Sara's side. She was a small woman with red hair and milk-glass skin, Nate's second wife, almost as young as Muffin. The skirt of her white cut-lace gown ballooned in the wind.
"Y'all go on now," Wanda said. "We don't want anymore trouble with you people."
"We don't want anymore trouble with you people either," Tommy piped up and stepped forward.
"Tommy, wait! Let's don't," Merry Gay said. "I need to tell them about Priss now."
Across the tracks, the fire sounded like a storm; the wind sounded like fire.
The door opened wider and all the Shirley women except Muffin were standing, scared as any other women that night, just as vulnerable and weary and common as poor Roberta even.
"Priss is dead."
Her mother gasped, then sank away from the door.
"She got shot on the way to the lavatory. I had to hide or be shot my ownself. Her body's still on the train, I think."
One by one the women moved away from the door. It closed easy as the door of a tomb and they began wailing and sobbing.
"Why didn't you tell them who shot her?" Tommy said.
"Not yet, I can't yet. I've got my reasons so don't ask again."
"Let's go," Tommy said.
"Where? Why?"
"I'm going to watch my house burn, for one thing. Then I don't know. I don't know what it'll take to stop them either, but we're not hiding anymore. Mama didn't raise us to be cowards."



CHAPTER 7

The raised railroad tracks seemed to Merry Gay like a stone wall they would have to climb over, at that point. They simply stood there looking.  Looking to the dark woods up the tracks on the right, and ahead, above the tops of the Negro row shanties, then left to the circle of lanterns at the camp down the tracks for the wounded and dead. Looking, for one thing, because they'd been taught that the sound and speed of the trains could be deceiving while standing directly on the tracks.
 Once the tiny girls had been playing there, making mountains of the sharp warm rocks, and had looked up to see a black locomotive moving almost silently through the heat-warp, shimmering, coming on, glittery-black iron, but with the grace and stealth of a snake gliding along barn rafters. 
When Tommy married Will Bernice told Merry Gay, "Now she's free to live with her own people across the tracks." She said it as if they had raised a bird that seemed happy enough in its cage but would be happier freed. The tracks had never seemed like a dividing line before though to either of the girls. The trains were part of their life, belching smoke and ruining window curtains and the clothes fresh washed and hung on the line to dry. Their powerful rude rumbling seldom even woke them at night. And the tracks were where they spread their tea sets and dressed their baby dolls, having to move their playhouse four times a day or have them ground into hints by the polished wheels of the trains. 
Still, it was a fact that the Negroes and whites worked together but didn't go to church or school together. None except for Tommy, till she was almost ten and got kicked out of school. She had grown up white, then changed-up to Negro. She was two people with two lives; she had a before and after that had seemed to make her timid but instead had made her tough. Still, to Merry Gay, Tommy was like cold ash maintaining its unburned form until touched.
Standing close on the tracks that night, in the rain, they watched Tommy's house burn to the ground. They watched the walls melt away and the fire shine on the dresser mirror and eat up the bed Bernice had given to Tommy and dynamite the tomatoes and beans and blackberries she had put up in jars that summer. They exploded like fireworks-phaft phaft phaft! Even the small barrel-shaped heater looked hot on its platform of flat-laid bricks.
 The black ruffled-leather padded ladies' platform rocker that their daddy had bought for Tommy when she turned twelve was revealed in the front room, Tommy's parlor, as the walls came down like gold-flame curtains. The chair looked smaller than Merry Gay remembered, like Tommy herself, somewhat overdone-too dainty, too prissy for the color black. Even Bernice had suggested reupholstering the petal-shaped patch of leather on the inside back with calico or some other cotton print. Oak wings each side of the padded leather petal made it look like some scary insect; had made Tommy when she sat in it look ready for flight. Now the three engraved fingers at the tip of the short narrow chair arms were nibbled by fire, like the charred claws of a coon trapped in wildfire. 
The soft spots of gray ash where the other houses had burned looked purged of their owners' belongings, their ratty bedding and clothes. Tommy and Will's house looked new and bright on-fire.
In the gutted shadows and light-spokes of fire, from their bold lookout, they found not a single Negro across the tracks. It was as if they'd long ago moved away. The wind had sulled or taken to the woods with the Negroes-that's how it felt. The white mobs they had seen earlier at the Shirley house had moved on toward the commissary with their lightered-knot torches and guns and protesting horses, taking with them their racket and danger.
"Do you really think the Negroes are all in the woods?" Merry Gay shivered, hugging herself.
"Where else would they go?" Tommy's bristly black hair had sprung loose from the clasp in back and fanned wild about her pale face. She was still carrying the pistol, but it hung by her side in the folds of her dark skirt-black, gray, indigo? It simply looked dark, drab with mud and filth. "They know these woods like the back of their hand," she said and her eyes shone like river stones. 
True, they turpentined those woods every weekday; weekends they fished the streams and slews, hunted squirrel, possum, bird and bear. Deer, quail and doves were white men's fare, white men's sport. But Merry Gay and Tommy knew how spooked the Negroes could be by ghosts and snakes, how miserable the rain. 
"Looks like this rain would drive them out of the woods," Merry Gay said, "don't you think?"
"All depends."
"You mean it depends on how scared they are of what's waiting on them if they come home?"
"Likely they're huddled up under the weather shelters in the gum woods."
"Those old lean-tos," said Merry Gay, "not much cover to them."
A rooster crowed from the east woods. 
"It's almost over," Merry Gay said. "Let's go to Mama's. Let's sleep. Tomorrow we'll be getting everybody ready to bury." If she tried to name them all, those she suspected were dead and those she knew were dead, she couldn't bear it. 
But they'd no sooner stepped from the railroad tracks than they were on the odd-spaced crossties and sharp ballast again, running toward the commissary and the sounds of gunfire and angry shouts, not away from them this time.
Tommy in the lead leaped crosstie to crosstie in flickering shadows of the dying house fires along that section of tracks, the pistol she'd taken from Jean's hand in her own hand and her shouting back at Merry Gay, "They were hiding upstairs in the white hands' quarters. Come on!"
"Who?" Merry Gay was running because Tommy was running, out of breath but intent on catching up, on stopping her. The rain stung her face and she could hear it smacking on the crossties and rock and hissing in the fires on her right.  
"Will and them. They're hiding in the commissary not the woods. Hurry!"
It made sense to Merry Gay, though she didn't really believe Will was among the Negroes who were hiding. She believed he was dead. Looking back on the scene in the smoking car, she could see clearly that he had been in the thick of the pivotal fight, one of the blood-lusting men who'd set off the whole community of Moniac against each other, class against class, race against race, or worse, daytime friends against nighttime enemies.
In the commissary yard, Tommy and Merry Gay mixed among the mob, some on foot, some on horseback, to see Negroes sprawled prone on the stairs and on the ground to the right of the commissary. The smell of gun and wood smoke seemed to lay peace over the weary, wet, swollen crowd, and even the lit torches were still as fires in lamp chimneys.
The American flag on its pole above the railed second-story porch stirred in the rain-driven breeze. Clouds of smoke hid the storm clouds surely rolling in. The leaves of the old white oak were soggy and looked like burlap scraps, its white bark peeling in papery scrolls. 
Several white men with torches were walking among the bodies of the Negroes. Merry Gay counted eight, bloodied and broken, indistinguishable death-faces in the torchlight.
"Y'all go on home to your families now." Nate Shirley on his chestnut gelding appeared out of the rainy dark at the rear of the commissary, coursing through the dead men and the joined mobs. His right arm was hoisted in a white sling and looped around his vein-strutted neck, but still the reins lay easy across three upturned fingers. 
A few men shouted at him. One said in a trembling voice, "You the cause of all this. You!"
With his left hand Shirley reached inside his brown field jacket pocket and pulled out a pistol and fired it in the air. "These boys here were holed up in there ready to waylay us, who knows what-all. They figured to hide up there with only one door to the outside and a lookout over the top porch. What we got's a real rebellion here-us against the coloreds. Now you can side with me or you can side with them; ain't no other side to it."
"That's not what all this started over," a stocky older man yelled. "These colored boys ain't done nothing to you."
"Yeah!" another shouted. "We got a bone to pick, it's with you." Several men roared, shouting at once.
"Listen," Shirley said, holding up his gun and left hand with his right, "listen!" They seemed willing to but not eager. Pacing, muttering. Recognizing his cracker-talk for what it was-mockery. "Any man here's got a problem with his dealings with me, let him step up now. You take a notion to buy your land back, come up with the cash money."
They got loud again, drowning him out, then low again. One shouted, "What cash!" Another yelled out, "You made me a loan on my place then collected on it the first time I run late paying." Somebody else suggested they tar and feather the whole bunch of them, Shirley and his boys.
Shirley fired his gun in the air again. "If you're not willing to reason with me, then get on out from here. You're outnumbered, in case you hadn't noticed." He seemed to catch on to his own contradiction; he seemed to detect the falsetto of his own voice. "Get on out from here, the whole lot of you. Leave my boys to their work, clearing out the bodies, so they can go home too."  Dismissing the old Moniac clan he turned his horse prancing through the other men and their shadows.
About a dozen men headed for the tracks, leaving twice that many in the commissary yard-two mobs again. Not all of them, either side, because down the tracks the others were still wandering with their lanterns, and along one of the lanes east of the tracks Deputy Threet's flat voice hallowed and Wendell Shirley answered, then gunfire. Anse was one of the men dragging bodies from the dark stairs, hard thumps of heads hitting the stairs.
"He's not here, Tommy, Will's not. Let's go." Merry Gay took hold of her right elbow to guide her toward the tracks. 
Tommy's right hand flew up with the pistol as she yanked away. Her face was luminous as tin. "These are my people, mine!" 
Merry Gay had never known anything to separate them so: my people. 
"You go on," Tommy said, stepping forward on the tramped gray mud of the commissary yard. Cow tracks were filled with water, the cows themselves still in the woods, but their warm-ripe odor remained, sharpened by the wet. Clear dimpling puddles spread like maps on the packed sand yard. 
Merry Gay started after her. Suddenly she realized that to her knowledge Tommy, part-white or not, was the only declared Negro either alive or left in Moniac. She was the one who might further raise the ire of Shirley and his men.
Shirley, sitting astride the horse and gazing down at his arm in the white sling, gritted his teeth and shot his gaze through slashes of rain in Tommy's direction. "Why aren't you hiding, nigger gal? I would if I was you after pestering my family and shooting a pistol on my premises." 
Tommy met his eyes, then looked past him at the Negro men still being dragged from the shadows of the stairs to the light of the torches and lanterns near the commissary front. Merry Gay could tell he took it as a slight, that Tommy hadn't even flinched. 
	"She wasn't trying to shoot anybody," Merry Gay spoke up.
He switched the head of his horse around, facing them both, as if to run them over for Tommy's ignoring him-among other things. The gelding champed at his bits and slung his head. "That Priss's blood on your dress, cracker gal?"
Merry Gay looked down at her strange yellow dress, bloodstains almost purple and hem trailing mud. It seemed so long since she'd put it on; it seemed so long since putting it on had been important.
"Yes." She was all set to tell him that he had shot Priss, his favorite grandchild. But something stopped her. Not pity, not compassion, but power in knowing, in not telling-yet. The sure knowledge that at some point she would use what she alone-no, she and Tommy-might need at some point for leverage. To break this puffed-up man, who she longed to break this very minute. 
"My mama's dead." She couldn't bring herself to say Jean was dead, not with Anse within earshot. Out of pity, she wouldn't tell him. "I don't know who-all else is dead."
No change of expression on Shirley's face, only pain-personal, physical, selfish pain from his hurting arm. "I hate that," he said. "It couldn't be helped."
"It could have been helped."
"Then blame your brothers for starting it."
"You shot them too, didn't you?"
He laughed out and tipped his brown plantation hat, daring the rain collected in the brim to run down his back. "I did my dead-level best," he said. "It's like they say, the poor are hard to get rid of."
"I think that's 'the poor are always with us.'"
He laughed again, wiggling his upturned fingers with the reins at rest there. "What a waste." He clucked his tongue, nodding his head. "What a waste."
Tommy, still staring at the bodies being dragged down the stairs, walked off, wandering among them and peering down.
"If you mean me," said Merry Gay, "I don't consider my life wasted."
"I would have sent you to all the best schools; I would have helped you get out." He fanned his left hand toward the road-out hidden by the commissary and trees: one road, according to Shirley, kept his turpentine labor from leaving while owing the bossman. He was always on the lookout for strange horses and wagons, suspecting another local turpentine man of sneaking in and trying to lure away his labor. On the up and up, the other man could pay off their debts to Shirley and he was welcome to them. 
"You're the one who should get out," said Merry Gay, "you're the outcast here."
"Didn't you learn anything from me?"
"More than you know."
He laughed. "I get your meaning, cracker gal."
"I do thank you for making me read "Heart of Darkness." 
He glared at her, shifting his weight in the saddle, his trim bulk, to indicate she'd struck a nerve and he was about to strike back. "Tell me about Priss, who shot her, where her body was last time you saw her." 
"I don't know." She walked past him to get to Tommy, now standing over a dead body and crying with her right arm over her eyes. Merry Gay could smell the sweat of Shirley's horse and the clean of his bandages; she could hear the creaking of his leather saddle as he rose in the stirrups, shouting, "Take your nigger sister and the both of you get on out from here before I shoot you down like dogs. Like them boys there." He pointed with his pistol at a man being dragged down the stairs by his heels. It was Will in his filthy white shirt and black gallowses, limp and sliding, head bumping and nodding down the stairs. 
Tommy seemed to have been expecting him, expecting that. She walked over to his body and dropped to her knees, releasing the pistol by his right side. Merry Gay knelt beside her, hugging her with her left arm while her right hand scooped up the pistol and hid it in the draping of her bloody yellow skirt.
Anse, stocky and bright-eyed, said, "Awright now," and bent with his guinea legs spread to make room for his little-man's paunch and caught Will's ankles, the uppers of his shined black boots, to drag him away to the edge of the woods and the wagon being loaded with the other dead Negroes.
 Tommy leaped up and sailed on Anse's back, hands on his shoulders and legs locked around, screaming, biting his neck. He reached behind and grabbed her by the hair and slung her to the ground like a sack.
"Shitfire!" He cooped one hand over the bite on his neck like a precious butterfly, then began wobbling madly, mindlessly. "I ain't never!"
Tommy lay there on her side, as she had landed, like the corn stalks in autumn dried into blowing poses, like in the game of Sling the Biscuits she and Merry Gay used to play. Waiting to move, to have to move, or in this case, waiting to be moved. Her wan face in the shadows took on angles and hollows. She didn't blink. 
Two of the newer white hands Shirley had lately hired came up and one kicked at Tommy on the ground, missing as she rolled away facing the dark woods. The other held a pistol on her, aiming for her head now turned to see the bullet that would fire from the barrel next breath, last breath. 
"Let's have some fun with this nigger gal first," said the one with the pistol.
The other laughed, looking up at Shirley for his okay. 
Merry Gay rushed into the midst of them, hearing Shirley's gelding snuffling behind her. She threw herself on top of Tommy, covering her body with her own, while at the same time aiming the pistol in her right hand straight as she could aim it at the man pointing his pistol
"Take me, take me too, I dare you." She switched the gun on Shirley astride the horse. "Kill me and you'll never know the truth about Priss."
"Hey, girl," Anse yelled, stumbling over to where the other men were gathered in the near-dark, "that's Jean's pistol! How'd you get it?"
The rain was falling at a slant in the light of the lanterns set on the ground beyond the plank stairs. Hardened crystals of rain. The wind blew and it came harder from the woods and the dripping leaves and vines sounded like streams rushing.
"She shot my mama in the head, mistaking her for one of you. You! Then she shot her ownself." Merry Gay was screaming her news, misplaced revenge she wished on Shirley. Anse would do. "You gave a crazy woman a pistol and boarded her up in the house!"
"What the hell!" Anse said and backed away.
Then Merry Gay saw Samson, addled-looking and stiff with his arms bowed by his side, appearing like a wet sea monster in a dream between the men and the girls. He began grunting, trying to speak, in a language only he understood, though his menacing tone was unmistakable, while slowly lifting both arms as if to block the men from harming the girls.
Somebody breached a rifle.
"Don't shoot." Merry Gay knelt, then sat back on her heels and lowered the pistol in her hand. "Don't shoot him."
The men began mumbling among themselves, some gaping at the ugly aggrieved mammoth while others looked away.
"It's that old Elton boy's what it is."
"Somebody oughta take care of that crazy," one said.
"Let em go," Nate Shirley said from high up on his horse. "For now," he added. "And you boy"-he swung round, facing Samson with his arms still raised like a tree or a wall, as if he'd practiced before a mirror and filling the mirror decided to convert his scary image to power and try it out on the world-"you git on home now, you hear?"
That said Shirley rode off toward the tracks, appearing to vanish into the dawning sky.

***

The great Hoss Rose was great in the eyes of his daughters and all who knew him, except maybe Bernice, and there he'd lost standing only by demerit of minor flaws, petty irritations; for example, while reading The Folkston Recorder he might come across a familiar old name in the obituaries and, knowing it wasn't the same person they both knew, he'd say to Bernice something like, 'Well, looks like old Walter Lee finally gave up the ghost,' as if the name Walter Lee had been assigned to one man forever. God, that was corny! He would tell the same stories over and over to her and the children, little masters at daydreaming to the drone of their daddy's strong but diminished voice. But Bernice would give him his due for having been greater overall than the petty irritations caused him to seem in late-life, after he'd lost all and had retired to the house for her to wait on. She'd had to hang on to the big deeds and there were many.
 As a young man serving in the Georgia State Militia, during the War Between the States, he had slipped off from his regiment stationed in Savannah with two of his buddies, one a fool for trouble, and the other a coward. Both were out for themselves and no one else, to sum it up. Their destination had been home, but when they reached Fernandina, Florida, they were close enough to home to feel brave, suddenly intuited with the need for daring after so long holed up waiting for the delayed enemy battalions marching eastward. The South Georgia farm boys had been attracted to the war only for purposes of secession and even that had lost its luster after a while. They longed for action, and if not action, home, home and peace; the soughing winter ocean promised both.
 It was early March, early morning, and the surf along the seashore of Fernandina Beach was higher than their heads, the murky in-slush sweeping in magnificent curls and dragging the sand for yesterday's deposits of clam, conch shells, jelly fish and crabs. The surf was as powerful as the wind swooping over the Appalachian mountain chain, curling under and over to form tornadoes. They had been there too. The slight man with something to prove to his buddies told them to dare him to swim out-he wasn't afraid. The other man reminded him that they were not where they were supposed to be and he could get them all in trouble if he swam out. Kingly bald, even then, Hoss Rose pointed out that the undertow would likely grab him and carry him out to sea.
 They were standing on the ragged plinth of granite placed along the tide line to prevent washing of the coarse sand and sea oats. A scattering of distant ships and shrimp boats bobbed like toys on the ripping tidewater. Nobody out on the beach because the wind was whipping oily gray grit like soot that stuck to the skin; the sky was churning clouds of mud.
 The buddy threatening to swim out suddenly took off his patched boots and worn navy pants and ran toward the wave dragging the sand out to sea and kept running till he was waist deep, then chest deep, hooting, laughing, shouting that the water was like ice, calling the other two men "girls" for not swimming out with him. He was still shouting when he went under, shouting again when he popped up like a buoy. 
"Undertow," Hoss Rose said, stripping off his shoes and pants, keeping his eyes on the buddy about to be towed out to sea, out to where the tiny ships skimmed and ducked stem to stern.
 "Don't," said the other man, standing next to Hoss and watching too. "Let him alone, let's go. We tried to warn him. If you save him he's liable to get us in trouble for leaving the regiment."
 Hoss ran to the edge of the water, high-stepping out, then diving into the next monster wave approaching. Winded and strangling on the freezing water turning with sand like salt, when he got to where the other man was maybe making his last showing, he began treading water, shouting to the man not to fight him. "Don't fight me and I'll save you."
 The man reached for him, gulping water into the red maw of his bruised and furious face, target for Hoss's huge fist. Before the lolling head could sink again, Hoss gripped him by his left arm and slung him backwards onto his back, balancing the man while swimming toward shore.

***

With the dawn and the rain on Monday morning came the sheriff and about a dozen deputized men from the Charlton County seat of Folkston, some twenty-odd miles northeast of Moniac, headed up by Buck and Charlie.
The wind was spreading sheets of rain west and off the Atlantic coast when Buck and Charlie blew into the hall of the house they called home. Stomping mud from their boots, and just stomping to be stomping.
Merry Gay and Tommy were huddled in skimming sleep under a quilt in the rear bedroom where their dead mother had slept only two nights before. Tommy in her filthy white blouse and dark skirt and Merry Gay in her blood-stiffened and reeking yellow dress.
No curtains on the windows, only pull-down parchment shades, two four-paned window-lights set in the south and east bead-board walls. The iron bedstead was rusty and the walnut dresser held the only mirror in the house. The mirror in which all the Rose children had first seen themselves and later on judged whether they were pretty or ugly, and later still, judged whether they were pretty or ugly enough. Then like Bernice, merely passing, glancing at the shells of their feeling bodies, illuminated ghosts of themselves. Not a single one of them was vain, yet they liked what they saw in the mirror. Even stumpy, half-blind Charlie, muscular but fat. 
Wet and filthy, but sober, Buck and Charlie stood in the doorway eyeing the two girls, now wide awake and watching the boys, listening to the rain on the tin roof and the horse hooves along the lane by the tracks and the lane between the first and second house rows, behind the Rose house. Much shouting could be heard beyond Bernice's bedroom windows, but no gunfire. A donkey brayed. Was it over?
Merry Gay sat up. "Is it over?" she asked.
"Nah," said Charlie. "Won't be long though, now everybody knows the sheriff and them's here."
"Where's Mama?" Buck asked and wiped his wet face with his rolled blue shirtsleeve.
"Mama's dead." Merry Gay stared out the window at the dashing rain. "Jean mistook her for one of Shirley's men I guess and shot her."
"Crazy bitch!" Charlie's face blazed around his fiery beard and he whimpered. "And after all Mama done for her."
"Shot herself too," Merry Gay added to stop it there.
The butter yellow cat slipped through the door, brushing the boys' legs with its tail, each in turn, then flowed over to the bed and hopped up purring and curled close to Tommy, who was lying still on her left side with her knees drawn up.
After returning home from the commissary, Merry Gay and Tommy had cried and talked themselves to sleep. They'd talk Mama for a while, then Will, then Priss, then Samson's attempt to rescue them. Nothing new and nothing that would change anything. And now they were witness to Buck and Charlie doing much the same thing-blurting out, backing off for a good cry, meek, then mad as hell. "Last time I seen Mama?." "And she wadn't no old woman neither?." "Who'd a-thought??" Making it all up as they went till they just wore it out.
"Where's Will, Tommy?" Buck stepped into the rainy light of the room and sat on the foot of the bed, Tommy's side, near the east wall. He squeezed her muddy bare foot on top of the quilt. "Dead, I reckon," he added when she didn't move and didn't answer right away.
"Where's Mama at now?" Charlie crossed over to her dresser, leaning with his broad back reflected in the mirror. He stared up from beneath his thick glasses at the tongue and groove ceiling overhead. "Where's her body at?"
"On Jean's back porch," Merry Gay said.
"I'm sorry, sugar," Buck said to Tommy, crying low and sniffling. "That ole boy was fine as they come. Wadn't nobody I'd ruther mess around with and that's a fact."
Tommy had one hand on the cat, squeezing its green eyes, watching her and Buck. Tommy's eyes closed, white face whiter in the rainy light. Her long dark lashes looked blacker wet.
Then he told them about him and Charlie going to Folkston to get the sheriff, and how the sheriff had to force-deputize the men scattered on farms from Moniac Crossing to Folkston. "They were scared to death of getting involved. Wadn't nobody wanting to get mixed up in our fracas," he said and laughed low. His light brown hair was wet, strands clung, and his scalp shone.
"The sheriff and them'll have everything straightened out by dinnertime. Y'all get on up and we'll see to Mama and Will." Buck stood. "Man, I hate it about Mama."
Charlie stepped away from the dresser and stopped, head bowed, right hand down and turned out in a gesture of shamed satisfaction.
"They took Will, Buck," Tommy said. "Shirley's boys took him and we don't know where." She started sobbing, deep and long, and nobody moved, only waited while Merry Gay told the story about the shootout at the commissary. No mention of Priss because she seemed not to pertain there in the presence of Buck and Charlie; no mention of Shirley's threat because Merry Gay feared it would set them off again. Set them off like dynamite and night would start over again before noon even.
When Buck and Charlie were about ten and twelve, they found a dead dog on the railroad tracks, obliterated to bones and teeth. They took some firecrackers and set them in the jaw of the dog and lit the fuses to watch its teeth explode. If they'd had dynamite now they would have blown up the tracks, they would have blown up the whole town, themselves included. They still might.

***

To keep Buck and Charlie from seeing Merry Gay's bloody dress and demanding more information to tick them off, Tommy went out to heat water for her and her sister to wash up. Merry Gay could hear the teakle over the well squealing like a pig as the rope unreeled, feeding the bucket down into the water, then squealing again as Tommy reeled it up. Rain gushing from the eaves of the porch claimed the sweet pitter of raindrops on the roof. If not for the fervent hoof beats along the lanes this last storm of summer would be a blessed change from hot to cool, from green to gold, sapless leaves scuttling through the wet air and baring the branches of the maples and sweet-gums. 
In the kitchen Buck and Charlie were talking low, frying side-meat and brewing coffee, and Merry Gay could almost believe things were back to that morning-after normal she'd so longed for. But stripping off her blood-stiff yellow dress, bundling it up and stuffing it under the bed, she knew it wasn't over: her mother was dead, Will was dead, Priss was dead, and Shirley and the other men hadn't yet played out their vengeance.
Neither had she.
Tommy came through the door with a black iron kettle of steaming water and poured the white basin on the washstand about half full. Then she set the kettle on the floor and went out again and came again with a bucket full of cold water, a green smell mixing with the steam.
While she undressed, Merry Gay bathed with the sweet soap and warm water, staring out the window at the passing horses and riders along the lane behind the garden and fence of her own yard. She hadn't bothered to pull down the parchment shades because she figured nobody could see in through the screen of rain without the lamps lit. That, but also because she needed to see out.
When she'd done, when she had washed and dressed in her white blouse and navy striped skirt, she went out, leaving Tommy to bathe and dress in the hickory-stripe pinafore belonging to Merry Gay. Tommy could tie the sash snug about the waist and come close to fitting into her larger sister's dress.
But for the rest of the day, after breakfast, they would be slogging in heavy black rubber boots and the cumbersome brown ponchos and hats that their brothers wore to the gum-woods on rainy days. So what did dressing up matter anyway? The sounds of the rain and frogs peeping, blatting and croaking, on the woody fringes of Moniac Crossing finally seemed foreboding, they both agreed, rather than comforting. 
Earlier they had gone out with Buck and Charlie, in ponchos and boots but fresh clothes also. The air reeked of wet soot, bitter burn. At the back porch steps of Anse and Jean's little shotgun house, they had stood in the steady rain, staring at the quilt-wrapped bodies of their mother and Jean and listened to the rain pecking on their rubber hats and ponchos and on the tin roof of Jean's porch. 
A flock of big-bodied shrieking guineas scared up from underneath the porch, scooted like shadows across Jean's yard to her garden. The small house was balanced on great chunks of lime-rock. Staked tents of burlap cooped over the tomato hills in the garden, a few still red and green, but the twined vines of the butterbeans were withy, the brown seed pods too swollen and soppy to rattle in the breeze. Across the back fence and down the line on the other side of the lane, houses and barns that had stood yesterday were blackened and smoking rubble, or no rubble, they had burned so clean. Whole sections of pickets and rails gnawed away. Moss singed in the live oaks, its leathery leaves cooked to a well-done green. 
Nobody spoke, only stood there for a few minutes, as if in prayer or sober benediction.
Finally, Buck said, "I guess Anse ain't home, pore ole boy."
Tommy and Merry Gay eyed each other under their dripping hats. Merry Gay shook her head, signaling Tommy not to tell yet that Anse had gone over to Shirley's side. That he'd been bought with the power of the big man.
Tommy bowed her head, moving her pale lips.
Buck and Charlie stepped up on the porch, peeling the quilts from each body rather than ask which was which. They viewed, then stood, each on opposite ends of the porch, Charlie with his hands on his hips and gazing up, and Buck with his hips cocked and one booted foot forward to steady him. Charlie strode over and looked down. "Aye Lordy, shot her through the head!" Then hung his head, weeping silently, "Mama, I won't never drink no more."
"Get her feet, Charlie," Buck said. "We're taking her home till this rain lets up."
They lifted her easy, Charlie backing down the doorsteps and lifting up to balance Bernice as Buck began stepping down.
"Ain't gone let up to my way of thinking," Charlie said, seeming mad at the rain. "Say they's a herricun moving in off the east coast."
They carried the quilted bundle past the girls, who followed them on toward their house, through the narrow gate and up the steps of Bernice's own back porch. Growing from the base of the tall brick pillars under the house were Bernice's faded purple petunias. A lone tumblebug was rolling a marble of dung as if it mattered. Dust funnels of mythical ladybugs and dry dirt tracked with three-pronged chicken claws and the wallowing path of a great snake-the gopher snake they trusted to keep the rattlesnakes at bay and not to crawl out and scare the family. 
Horses were galloping along the lane by the tracks, men shouting at one another in the rain.
"Trying to get at the heart of it, I reckon," said Buck.
"Good luck to em," Charlie said.
They laid the body of their mother easy on the floor between the water-shelf and the walkway from the porch steps to the open hall. Each side of the hall stood oak benches with walls for backrests, and tin tubs hanging above them like de-silvered mirrors. Tommy's yellow cat was walking the porch banister, seeking sun and savoring the relative quiet. 
Backyard trees that last night had been only trees became plum, peach, fig, pomegranate, and so on; things taking on a different meaning in the daylight, especially the death of their mother. As long as Tommy and Merry Gay-and maybe even the boys were thinking the same-had been running, dodging and hiding, the edge of her death had been dulled. Now everywhere, everything, was Bernice, more Bernice that the body bundled in the damp quilt.
Between the porch and the tool shed was a black iron soap kettle, then a clothesline strung between cross-posts. The chicken yard next to the shed was empty, the chickens probably eaten by possums and owls or having taken to the woods or underneath the house. Mended pots and baking pans for watering the yard animals all about the yard were overflowing with rainwater. The brittle gray shed looked like always, nothing out of its place, not even a scorch spot on the cypress shingle roof. Wheelbarrow propped against the wall; and the new red trough-like hay baler ready to go to the hay field if there was any man industrious enough to take it since Hoss Rose died. Everything else was old, everything else was brown or gray, except for the porous white grinding-rock wheel, for sharpening knives and tools, and it was frog-green with moss and mold. The tin lean-to over Bernice's raised seedbed was doing its job of shedding rain from the eaves, so that the delicate green radish seedlings looked merely misted. But if one of Bernice's grown children didn't place the burlap screen over the bed soon somebody else's chickens would scratch the seedlings up.
"Too hot inside, what with the fire in the cookstove from breakfast." Buck said it to the two girls still on the porch steps as if to explain away his guilt for appearing heartless: Bernice couldn't even be laid out respectably on her own kitchen table where she'd laid out so many herself.
"You girls see to her," Buck said, stepping along the wall rather than over Bernice's body to get to the doorsteps. "Me and Charlie is got business to tend to."
And they were gone: men to their business, and women to their own.


CHAPTER 8

Behind a snapping wet white bed sheet hung from the rainy-day clothesline on the east edge of the porch, the girls washed and dressed their mother for burial.
Together they had chosen a light blue cotton dress from the rod of hopeful home-sewn clothes hung cattycorner of the gloomy bedroom where they'd slept the night before. Then they had placed a couple of wide pine planks seat to seat of two kitchen chairs, lifted Bernice up onto the makeshift table, stripped and washed and dressed her.
Beyond the hung sheet sounded like boys playing: here one minute, there the next; the sheriff and his men talking and shouting, begging, cajoling the neighbors into talking. Horses cantered along the lanes. The rain blew through, under, around and over the bed sheet, which the girls had hung for privacy. Mold, mildew, gloom. The floor and walls were wet, spongy as mushroom and mushroom-smelly. Behind the screen of white looked bright as white thunderheads with the setting sun beaming on it, morning light but abnormal. Smoke rising from chimneys, normal; bacon frying in the kitchens, normal; tart smell of pines and creosote of the crossties, normal too. But something was missing-the trains.  
"Ole Shoo Fly-coming through!" Hoss used to bellow, then stand propped up and proud on the commissary porch to watch the flat beds of cotton bales pass. 
Daily he flagged down passenger trains, picnic trains, and even timber trains for anybody needing or wanting to get from here to there, delighting when the engineer acknowledged him with double toots of the whistle before hissing to a halt. In an emergency, all of Moniac Crossing depended on the trains to taxi them to where they needed to go, to a hospital, say, when one of the Negro men got stabbed during a Skin game (you could look out for trouble when the men went to passing under the table cards stuck between their bare toes). Nightly, Hoss flagged the trains down with a burning lightered knot.
Merry Gay gently washed Bernices's left hand, stiff and pale as though her fingertips had been dipped in melted tallow. The damp rag had been rubbed with sweet soap, antidote for the death smell. Avoiding her mother's eyes peeping from beneath half-closed lids, her own eyes leaked tears. "The women always did this before, right Tommy?"
Tommy on the other side of Bernice was washing the right hand. "Kind of makes death seem realer, doesn't it?"
"I'm not ready to be one of those women yet." Merry Gay turned to the water-shelf to rinse and re-soap her rag.
"I'd rather be back changing sheets and sunning mattresses myself."
"I think we'll probably be doing this from here on out."
"Why?"
"Because we're doing it now."
"Let's just do it," Tommy said. "Let's don't think about it, okay?"
A triangle opened in the bed sheet, admitting gray rain and the head of Deputy Threet, dingy eye-whites and swarthy round face. He stood there holding up one corner of the sheet. "Don't tell me that's Miss Hoss y'all got there."
Merry Gay pulled the quilt up over her mother's face. "I expect you could tell us, Deputy Threet."
"Same's going on all over this morning." He turned and sat on the edge of the porch, peeping out around the sheet, blocky head and back to them and legs crossed like a lady's. "A crying shame's what it is."
Tommy and Merry Gay exchanged looks of disgust, waiting for him to leave. 
"Say Anse's wife is dead too," he said. "That right?"
Merry Gay tried to think of something bold to say, how Bernice would have handled him. No, her daddy. How he would tease a coward and send fools walking, exercising their brains. "You just passed by her porch there, I'd lay you ten to one," Merry Gay said. "You know Jean's dead."
"I say good riddance, what I say." He waved his hand out before him. "Woman like that?ain't no tellings."
"Yeah, she was pretty useless, poor old thing." Merry Gay was baiting him now. 
Tommy covered her mouth, black eyes wide with shock.
"That ain't the half of it from what I hear. Hear tell she didn't cook half the time, and beg your pardon, ladies, old Anse would have to slip up on her to have his way with her."
"Mama here's proof how dangerous Jean was."
He half-turned his head, then turned facing out again, as if fearing what he might see. What he might get caught up in having to do. 
"I wouldn't look just yet, Deputy Threet, if I was you." Merry Gay closed her eyes, praying her mother would forgive her irreverence, her Hoss-Rose bent for plying foolishness on fools. "Well, I guess it wouldn't matter now Mama's dead, and truth be told we could use some help. Jean over there, for one, you could?"
Tommy leaned against the wall at the head of the corpse, burying her face in her hickory stripe apron. Trembling all over, either laughing or crying. When her apron dropped from her face, Merry Gay saw that she was doing both, laughing and crying. Her ears were red, her face was flushed. Her eyes were wet with tears.
Deputy Threet stood on the ground, letting the corner of the sheet go. "Well, I'll be shoving off, ladies. Got the living to see to, you know? And looks like y'all managing just fine."
"I wish you'd check on Jean for us when you go back by-she keeps sitting up and her eyes fly open. Push her down and close her eyes. Oh, and you wouldn't happen to have an extra pair of handcuffs on you, would you?"
"Handcuffs, you say?" 
They could see his frozen silhouette behind the sheet. 
"Yeah. If you put em on Jean it'll keep us from having to slap her around while we?uh?fix her, you know."
He cackled hesitantly. "Y'all messing with me now."
"And our own mother laying here dead!"
"You got enough of Hoss Rose in you to make light of death, like he done with old Redbone the day we buried him over in Fargo. Or have you forgot?"
"That was an accident."
"That song you sung wadn't."
"I was a child, didn't know better."
"Well he did, he knowed better."
After his hunting buddy Redbone's funeral, Hoss Rose would never take death serious again-life, yes, but not death, which he had no control over. He and Merry Gay never played and sang at a funeral after Redbone's because they couldn't trust their tickle boxes not to turn over, extreme laughter akin to crying.  
"I hate it about your mama, I do. I hate it about Anse's wife too." Threet still had his back to them, dark round head wagging like it was loose. "Say she keeps sitting up, huh?"
"Don't mean nothing really." Merry Gay changed tones, standing along the wall next to Tommy, in fits of stifled laughter. "Give me a hand here, Tommy, will you. That is if you can let go of that for a minute." She changed tones again. "They say it's nothing but nerves, you know like when you kill a rattlesnake and it keeps shaking its rattles and squirming."
"Listen, I gotta get on down the tracks, see about them boys there. Say they got trains being stopped and robbed all over."
"You be careful now, you hear. Now you and Buck and Charlie are on the outs, you better sprout eyes in back of your head."
"Buck and Charlie? Why, we're buddies."
"Were?were buddies. They know you're in with Nate Shirley, heard you was one of them fellows knocking me and Tommy around at the commissary last night."  
"I wadn't on the place; Wendell Shirley'll vouch for that. We was both out trying to keep the peace. Tell em that."
"They'll be back in a minute and you can tell them yourself."
"I gotta go. Tell em I'll catch em later, swap a bottle with em maybe."
Merry Gay stepped to the edge of the porch and lifted the corner of the sheet, watching him walking fast toward the back gate with his right hand on the pistol in his holster.
"Check on Jean now, will you?" she called out. "And thanks for stopping by to pay your respects."
He kept walking, finger in the air, wagging-he had business to see to. 
Tommy and Merry Gay watched him from the water-shelf till he disappeared behind the line of peach trees in Roberta's yard.
"You scared him to death," Tommy said.
"He was born scared," Merry Gay said. "But I can't believe he really bought that about Jean sitting up and all."
 Tommy looked at Merry Gay, both sober and sad again. "I just learned something about men from him."
"You can't judge all men by him, Tommy."
"I know that. But I do think they've all got one thing in common. They're afraid of us women."
"I wouldn't go that far."
"No, they are. They're afraid of what we're made of, what's inside that makes them need us." Her cheeks grew flushed, roses of pink. And her head seemed to rise from the stem of her cream neck. "We can grow life inside us and that's something, that's something."
  When they were done they lapped Bernice's hands over her chest and brushed her heavy blondish hair, then covered her with a fresh quilt she'd pieced and stitched from scraps of the family's worn-to-a-frazz clothes.
Tommy walked over to the water-shelf, staring out through the rain at the house next door. "We have to lay Jean out, you know that."
"I know that." 
"And if Anse catches us??"
"We'll lay him out too." Merry Gay pulled the pistol from her skirt pocket. "While we're over there, I need to get some more ammunition. Then if you want to we'll go looking for Will."
"No, he's dead. And finding him won't?" She didn't finish. "What about Nate Shirley? Would you shoot him too?"
"I've got something better in mind for him."
Tommy faced Merry Gay, hands on the water-shelf behind her. Rain-drenched sheet sucking and popping in the wind. "You mean telling him he shot Priss. And what if he doesn't believe you?"
"He will. He knows it wasn't Buck and Charlie in the lavatory by now. He should know that Will was in the smoking car when Priss was killed in the lavatory; he was right there with him. And only that morning Wendell had warned the Negroes not to go to the lavatory in the dining car. Could be Priss has been found and he's figured that he's likely the one who shot her. Can you imagine him telling Wendell and Sara he killed their little girl?" Merry Gay started out the porch steps. "Let's go get Jean."
Sure enough that Anse was still out "on business," like Charlie and Buck, Merry Gay and Tommy stopped on the porch and moved Jean's body out of the blowing rain. She was light as a papier mache bunny but puffed up and her bloody lips were cracked and dry. They went on inside the nearly dark closed house smelling of the damp and cold soot from the cook-stove in the kitchen. Dirty diaper smells, soured milk, and stale chicory grounds.
Having only a single idea where Anse might keep his ammunition, they followed their instincts to the front bedroom, to the standing cedar armoire, generally used for storing arms, in the corner at the right foot of the iron bed.
No ammunition in the drawers, none on the shelves, but the sweet smell of cedar was pleasant while the girls searched. There was a warped black belt hanging from the door with a broken hinge (the belt looked six feet long, a mystery of the body's girth as perceived in length); every time the damaged door swung out at a tilt, it creaked and Merry Gay's nerve endings flared.
"Go watch for Anse," she whispered to Tommy. Merry Gay handed the pistol to her and began feeling inside the pockets of an old black coat but found only a dried-up buckeye fruit that Anse had carried around for luck and it made him seem less menacing, more boy-like and put upon. On the floor of the wardrobe someone had scattered dried chrysanthemums and marigolds to thwart the wool-eating moths. The thistles of once-blooming flowers haunted Merry Gay: who Jean was before, who she might have been again.
Anse had a sharp musk smell, a swampy, rotted-cabbage smell. Merry Gay couldn't smell it in his clothes she was pilfering through but it was absorbed into her memory, her brain. The smell reminded her of the people she'd sung for at a small country holiness church near Moniac Crossing. Poor people, good people, some of the kindest, friendliest she'd ever sung for, but also ignorant. She was fresh and cute and sang like an angel; that's what they said. They just had to hug her. They looked smoked, smelled of smoke, or snuff. Their unwashed bodies and clothes made the church house reek; she couldn't wait to get away from them. Later, when she was older, she realized that she had a bias against such people for no reason other than her nose. Not poverty-she liked poor people, she liked poor people's starchy food and she herself was poor. 
Finally, searching under the iron bed with the cotton and feather mattresses supported by spaced-out wooden slats, Merry Gay found a metal lock box, unlocked and floored with assorted gun shells, a cloth bag of small silver bullets that matched the ones left in the pistol Tommy was carrying back and forth, front to end of the long closed hall, front to back and front again.
Weighing the bag of bullets in her right hand, Merry Gay tiptoed out into the hall, holding them out for Tommy to feel. The boarded-up house had grown lighter since their eyes had adjusted and they could see daylight through the cracks and seams of the cured reddish pine. 
First, they loaded the pistol, sliding bullets into the chamber; then Merry Gay placed it in the pocket of her skirt again. They were set to head out through the kitchen when they heard footsteps on the porch, muffled by the rain.
Merry Gay and Tommy leaned into the hall wall. Pistol aimed at the open door from the kitchen to the hall. Somebody was standing on the porch, standing over Jean's body it seemed. Rancy lard smells hovered in the damp.
"What if it's Threet?" Tommy whispered, so close that Merry Gay could smell her. She was a harsh-soap girl, clean but never sweet. 
"You couldn't throw him within a half-mile of here now." Merry Gay scratched her nose. 
"Samson?"
"I don't think so, not and it daylight."
They waited a couple of minutes, then when the wind picked up howling around the corner of the kitchen, they ducked low and started for the bedroom to hide.
Outside men on horseback, sounded like a dozen or more, were passing along the lane by the tracks. Merry Gay thought she heard Buck and Charlie talking in the middle sweep of the horses' sucking hooves in mud. 
Slowly the kitchen door to the porch opened wide, a dim chute of light. Merry Gay and Tommy sidled along the hall wall and into the bedroom where they'd found the ammunition, slipped inside and stood peeping out at the hall.
"I hope you meant what you said about laying out Anse," Tommy whispered. 
Merry Gay raised the pistol, hearing footsteps coming up the hall. 
"What if it really is Jean?" Tommy giggled low. 
But the hair stood on Merry Gay's arms imagining it.
"Anse?" a woman called. "That you, Anse?"
"It's Roberta," Merry Gay said, opening the door. "It's Merry Gay, Roberta. Me and Tommy."
She was wearing a wet black knitted shawl around her broad shoulders. "Y'all scared the living daylights out of me."
Merry Gay started to ask how she was feeling but she looked hale as ever, toughened by having made it through the night. Roberta despised weakness, in a woman or a man, and had been known to put up a front when ill with what she called low blood.  
"Where's the baby?" Merry Gay asked. "What about the children?"
"Neighbor lady's got 'em. I didn't know what come of y'all so I decided to see to your mama. Word is Shirley's got it in for you. And Tommy. Specially Tommy."
"What about Travis?" Tommy asked. "Where is he?"
"He's riding with the sheriff and them. But as of about an hour ago, they hadn't made a bit of headway. Ain't nobody talking, looks like. Either they're in too deep or scared to talk, Travis says." She took off her wet shawl and scrubbed at her matted ash-blond hair.
"Buck and Charlie came in this morning and carried Mama to the house for us to see to," Merry Gay said. "We got her laid out on her back porch for now."
"We came to get Jean," Tommy added, "figuring Anse wouldn't?and her family doesn't know."
"She come from right over there at Baxter," Roberta said. "Ain't much to that bunch of people though."
"Tommy's Will got shot last night, Roberta."
Roberta didn't say a word, just stood there, staring at her feet in old work brogans. Then she walked over to Tommy standing next to Merry Gay and hugged her, rocking as she whispered. "Everylast one of em oughta be horsewhipped," she said. "Drinking and showing out. And me, strong as a horse generally.  I let her down. I let em all down."
Merry Gay didn't know whether the "her" Roberta made reference to was Bernice or Jean, maybe both. 
"I don't have a bit of use for them Shirleys, after the way they done Travis and me," Roberta said, "But I do hate it about that lil ole friendly gal getting killed. Used to she'd come over and play with the babies so I could get out in the woods some." 
So, Merry Gay thought, word about Priss had spread, through the neighbor lady or Travis maybe. She had never before heard Roberta carry a tale; she didn't talk and didn't like other people who talked. 
This time it was Merry Gay who didn't want to talk. "Let's go see to Jean," Merry Gay said. She wanted to hear what was being said about Priss but didn't want to say anything yet. She knew Tommy wouldn't talk about it.
They were losing light fast. It must have been three or four, after noon. The clock in the parlor had not been wound and had stopped sometime during the night. The rain was coming harder and the wind was flapping the flimsy sheet curtain of the makeshift morgue on Bernice's back porch, misting the twin bodies laid out side by side on planks. Roberta had insisted on doing most of the work of laying out Jean, because the girls had handled Bernice she said. The two washed and dressed bodies were covered in quilts and then brown rubber ponchos, which Roberta suggested, probably held in the heat. Not a good idea.
 Twice Roberta had gone to eat and nurse the babies, bringing back biscuits and fried ham for the girls and news from the all-knowing neighbor lady: one of the young Negro women had come looking for her husband who was killed last night at the commissary and had been raped and beaten to death; another Negro woman, one of the old gray ones, had sneaked out of the woods looking for food at her house and was shot standing addled in the ashes of her kitchen; a sniper had fired a shot at the sheriff and he had gone to Folkston to telegraph for the state Militia. 
They needed to have a funeral, bury Bernice and Jean and be done with their grief. Be done with the sight and waxy feel of the lifeless bodies beginning to look bruised and bloated, but smelling of soap, clean but soon to be filthy again. And too the swampy flatwoods would only get wetter and might float up the caskets; at least, the dead would have been buried, awful as it seemed.
The men hadn't come in but the women could hear them up and down the lanes in front of and behind the house, eerily calling out in the rain. The women discussed burying the dead without notifying the men. There were no caskets, and no time to build them; they would have to make do with the buckle steamer trunks inside the Rose house. A little bit of arranging and the bodies would fit. Bernice would be curled up as she had always slept, so that was okay. 

***

Good daylight and Hoss Rose had been driving the wagon, moving slow toward the old tram road through the woods to Fargo under a sheet of iron clouds threatening sleet. Little Merry Gay was bundled up in a sweet red wool coat that her mama had cut down and sewn from a coat that some woman had given her to wear herself, and on Merry Gay's lap a quilt with scraps from one of her old indigo dresses. She imagined she could smell pee on the quilt because one of the Negro women had told Bernice that the way to set the dye in cloth was to dip it in ammonia and if she didn't have any ammonia a chamber pot of pee would do the trick.
She dropped the quilt to the floor and kneeled on the bench, waving back at Bernice and Tommy watching from the yard across the tracks. Bernice looked worried. The Great Hoss Rose looked worried. But Merry Gay wasn't because she knew the pine box in back would hold up fine, her daddy had been two days building it with his own sturdy square hands and it would hold up fine.
As soon as they hit the tram road and the woods had closed the path created by logs snaked out by oxen and mules, she crawled over into the bed of the wagon and climbed up on the yellow pine box. It was long, man-sized, and smooth but cold, the perfect stage for her to sing on if not for Redbone needing it.
"You rip that pretty coat now," Hoss called back laughing, "and your mammy's gonna have both our hides." He always said that and sounded like he meant it, even though he would make two of Bernice and feared no man regardless of strength, temper or size.
Usually he drove the wagon loose, lead-lines in one hand and letting it roll, but this morning he was slumped forward driving with both hands. Rifle stood on the floor at his right side, he stared ahead through the woods as if searching for something he might shoot.
"I'm fixing to sing for you, Daddy," she said. "All the way to Fargo." 
"Well, ain't nothing I'd ruther hear and that's the truth, baby. But you better save it for old Redbone's funeral. You get the sorethroat, you won't be able to sing, hear?"
His voice boomed out over the frosty green pines and palmettos. In clearings of shed scrub trees and bushes, like smoke, drab green curds of reindeer moss put down shallow roots in the hard ground. They looked like sea sponge washed ashore and dried in the sun till brittle and stiff, out of place in the hardy woods but magical and mysterious for that very reason.
She sat swinging her legs and kicking the box with her the heels of her button-up black high-top shoes. His smoked brown banjo lay on the bed of the wagon at her feet. Between songs she asked, "You sad, Daddy?"
"I am, baby. I reckon I am. Me and old Redbone goes a long way back."
She sang in her shaky trilling tenor all the songs she knew. Sang 'Jingle Bells' twice because it was almost Christmas. Maybe on the way home they would find a Christmas tree.
"It'll hold up fine, Daddy," she said when she was done.
"I hope so, baby. I hope so."
Happening up out of the thick woods were sawdust piles like yellow mountains, the sawmill crews gone on to other locations for their saw lumber. They came upon a massive timber car so high above the tram rails that Merry Gay had to sit on her daddy's shoulders to see inside-tree bark and pine straw. Somebody had left a rectangular metal scrape bucket and a square-hooked iron and Hoss opined one of the hands had quit and moved on, having found the scabbed tar, the cheapest grade of resin, too stubborn and bothersome to scrape from the cat-faces of the pines. "You have to take the bad with the good," he told the little red-faced girl in the red coat.
 By the time they got to the Suwannee River, about a half mile south of Fargo, it was midday and the sky had brightened only slightly. Still those iron clouds but they had been forged into thick rods and stacked. A faint tang of tannic water and a hint of wood-smoke were in the air.
At the wooden bridge the horse's hooves changed from their familiar thudding on the ground to hollow clacking and echoes of clacking as if from the sudden void of dense woods, the open space of sliding pewter light, the vibration of the rushing black water below surging against the bridge pilings. Whorls sucking the light under and spewing it up as foam to collect with the sticks and dead leaves in the eddies along the banks, wringing willow and towering cypress trees with flat tops and rusty needles, their knees sticking up from the shallow patches of sand. Streamers of moss looked iced.
"Is that Fargo, Daddy?" From her perch on the box behind him, Merry Gay sat almost as tall as the Great Hoss Rose, high on the wagon moving toward the break in the road. 
"Far as you can go," he chuckled.
"Daddy!" She laughed.
"Well, trains heading east, once upon a time, would run out of track. How come it's called Fargo, they say. Far as you can go."
 "Far as heaven where Redbone is now?"
"Ain't no tellings, baby. Ain't no tellings. Me nor him neither one wadn't never much on religion."
"Mama says it's that old white deer haunting y'all."
"She's just jealous, baby. Mad cause I wouldn't let her dress me up in my one good suit."
"Why?"
"Redbone's people don't have no suits."
"No. Why is she jealous?"
"You ask more questions than Tommy."
"Are you talking like that because Redbone's people talk like that?"
"I'm talking like I always talk."
He wasn't. It was as if he were practicing for the funeral like they'd practiced the song. No, it was as if there were two sides to Hoss Rose, the smooth side for women and the rough side for men. She felt let in on something special, riding high behind him.
Up ahead were dogs and horses and wagons and people in head rags and bonnets and hats. They looked big in their padded coats, like they were wearing all they owned. All were moving slow in the cold from one store to the other, from the heat of one wood stove to the next. The same tall longleaf pines as in Moniac formed a fortress around the little town, same railroad tracks bringing the outside in but seldom taking the inside out. No money so no reason to go anywhere. Men like the Great Hoss Rose and Redbone wouldn't have left these parts if they'd been rich. Hell, they were rich!
"You wanta quit kicking that box for me?" he snapped.
She hadn't noticed her shoe heels drumming on the box. Somehow the sound had grown into the horse clopping and the wagon rattling. But she knew it was the beat of the crazy song playing out in her head.
She had hoped to pass among the people, show off her daddy's fine box; maybe go in one of the stores for some ribbons for Tommy's wild hair. But Hoss took the left fork running south along the railroad tracks, then right again along a row of facing run-down houses. Rooty hog smells and collard greens or cabbage and stringy boiled beef, grass-fed. Dogs sat scratching by the side of the lane and children played chase, bare pale ankles and legs shining like bone. Even the cats looked rough. Dead trees, dead-looking houses; except for the smoke spiriting up from the chimneys. All had congregated at the large roof-heavy house at the end of the lane. Women in bonnets were passing in and out the front porch with rag-tented pans and bowls. Men in drab hats and clothes, old clothes, like Hoss's, were backed up to a yard fire built from a great lightered stump, giving off scorch and soot smells, rolling black smoke tangling with red flames. 
"Ho!" Hoss hauled on the lead-lines, though the horse was barely moving then. A cautious horse retired from saddle riding when he grew too tender in the flanks and wary of bear, wary now of all the commotion or fusing smells or maybe the men rotating around the smutty fire who resembled bears, who smelled wild as bear.
Smoke spread over Merry Gay on the pine box and stung her eyes, so that she had to cover them.
Hoss swung down, springing the wagon. He strolled over to the fire and began shaking hands with each of the men, then hugging and slapping backs heartily. The Great Hoss Rose, the biggest bully, the one everybody came to fight from all over South Georgia and North Florida, trying to claim his title. Growing boys wanted to be like him and women wanted to catch his eye, but girls like Tommy and Merry Gay were scared to death that the sporting fights would turn mean and they'd be caught in the middle. 
She and Tommy had seen two grown women fight their way from the commissary porch to the yard, in pouring-down rain. Men on the porch and Hoss included, looking scared, hanging their heads, walking the floor, and mumbling. In the mud puddle between the porch steps and the tracks the women pulled hair and clawed and almost ripped each other's frocks off.
Bernice, from her front porch across the tracks, shook her head and said, "All that over some man!"
"Which man?" Tommy asked.
"You girls, go on back inside." Bernice had shooed them away with one hand. "And if I ever hear tell of either one of y'all cutting the fool like that, I'll take my tee-weed switch to you."
Merry Gay and Tommy, heading inside, thought at first she was mad with them. Then they heard her yelling out through her hands, "Hoss Rose, you started it, now you finish it."
Now, a fat woman on the wide sloping front porch of the lopsided house was crying into a handkerchief and a scrawny carrot-haired boy on the broken doorsteps was wheezing out a sad church tune on a harmonica. The men at the fire stepped in one accord to the end of the wagon while Hoss reached over the side and lifted Merry Gay down from the pine box he'd built for their mutual buddy. One man had flews under his chin like an old hound's. Another had a wen on his neck.
Next time she saw the box it was being loaded onto the wagon bed again and she had to sit on the bench next to her daddy. He was sweating in the cold from helping load it. She scooted as close as she could get to him without disturbing his rifle and leaned into his cold padded coat. She knew Redbone was in the box now because the six men from the fire had almost buckled under its weight while carrying it from the house to the wagon. While Hoss drove the wagon back along the row of houses, she had to be quiet and think the song she would sing without kicking her shoe heels on the bench wall.
At the little white church across the road they'd taken earlier at the fork, the people she'd seen eating at the house and wandering the yard and open hall were standing three-deep along the outside. The men who'd helped load and unload the pine box were riding in another wagon behind Hoss's wagon. They hopped off, straightening their coats and hats, wiping tobacco from the corners of their lips, and walked over to Hoss's wagon, pulled right up to the front of the church. He stepped down and lifted Merry Gay down and while he got his banjo from in back of the wagon she stood gazing up at all the big women and men and head-on with a girl about her own size. The little girl, Redbone's girl, was squinch-eyed, blue-eyed, clinging to her fat mama's dress tail.  
	Merry Gay wanted to tell her not to worry, that her daddy was in heaven, but she figured after what her own daddy had said about that there was no sense getting the girl's hopes up so that when she got to heaven someday and her daddy wasn't there she wouldn't be in for a disappointment. But really the girl didn't look like the kind to be wasting time in church or worrying. She was blond and puny but growny looking, and her thin pale lips twitched like she was smirking or up to something. It could have been the snuff.
Hoss took Merry Gay's hand in his right, holding to the neck of the banjo with his left, and they followed the six men struggling with the pine box and Redbone in it.
"Aye God, if he ain't heavy!" one whispered. He looked like a tadpole.
"Well, don't shift him over here on me," the man across from him whispered. "Hoss, catch hold of the foot will you?"
Hoss handed his banjo to Merry Gay and lay hold to the end of the casket. "Easy, boys, easy. Ain't no guarantees on this thing."
The banjo felt as heavy to Merry Gay as the pine box looked, but really it was awkward to handle without accidentally strumming the strings, which was happening right along every time she tried to brace it against her chest like her daddy. Merry Gay thought they were going inside the church where her hands might thaw and she could put the banjo down, but all the people straggled off around the south side of the church like they were in a hurry to be done with Redbone and get in out of the cold. The men with the pine box stumbled behind them, then Redbone's fat wife in faded black and his little girl with a lump of snuff in her nether lip and Merry Gay with the banjo. 
Lots of crying, sobbing, weeping; even a wail or two, out of respect maybe, but Merry Gay couldn't see who it was. She could see to her sides, plain headstones and mounded-dirt graves, one with a broken glass lamb and a rat tail of snuff spat by Redbone's girl drying in on the dirt, but she couldn't see ahead.
Redbone's fat wife and little girl stopped and Merry Gay stopped, but Hoss blocking the pine box from view kept walking forward like he was holding to the stocks of a plow being pulled by a mule. The gap he left soon closed in with people. Everybody smelled like smoke. Then the fat lady shoved through and Merry Gay and Redbone's girl followed to see the pallbearers setting the pine box on a waist-high wood scaffold with thick spaced lengths of rope draped and swagged like a hammock end to end and trailing along the piles of raw dirt on either side. Beneath the scaffold and box was a long deep hole carved from the marled white clay and gray dirt.
Redbone's wife with a mole like a dog tick on her chin was crying into a dingy white handkerchief as she sat in a kitchen chair a few yards from the scaffold. Merry Gay tried to get close to the woman to get warm. But her little girl snuggled on her right and some church-lady types with hair balled on back of their heads like Redbone's wife hovered on the other side. Most of the women were fat and looked self-satisfied. (Redbone always said that a woman puffed up on religion and food is right even when she's wrong. Said their type would mistake Jesus Christ for Satan even with nail scars in His hands.)
Merry Gay held the banjo by the neck, the body of it barely clear of the dirt, then she figured to rest it on the toe of her shoe and so let her arms relax.
An old old preacher in a black suit stepped out of the crowd and strode over to the head of the casket. He was carrying a black Bible with his yellowed thumb stuck inside between the pages to mark his place.  He opened the Bible with his thumb and mumbled a verse or two, then prayed, thumb in his Bible again. While he prayed the women hissed, "Yes, Jesus, thank you Jesus," over and over and Redbone's wife quit crying and joined in, filtering the chant through her handkerchief.
Hoss, standing with the men on the other side of the pine box on the scaffold, stepped around to where Merry Gay was standing. He lifted the banjo off her toe and took her small cold hand in his and they walked over in the loose new dirt to the head of the box and the preacher with his head bowed, thumb marking his place in the Bible. He smelled stale with age, like old lace.
Hoss strapped his banjo to his wall-like chest and strummed a few bars, whispering down at Merry Gay. "Now, sing it, baby, sing it for ole Redbone."
She was too cold. The song had frozen in her brain. Her teeth were chattering. He plucked the same bars over again-with his fingers and not a pick; it could have been any song she was about to sing. Everybody was watching her, even the preacher.
"How sweet," said one of the women standing next to Redbone's wife and little girl.
"Sing it, angel," another said in a tweety voice.
"Sing it, baby," Hoss said. "Sing it for ole Redbone."
"Shy little thing, ain't she?" one of the women hissed. "Sign of a modest woman later on."
She was shy but she didn't like people knowing it. She squeezed her eyes shut picturing herself back on the wagon, on the pine box, singing and kicking her heels, until she recalled the start of the song and trusted that the rest would follow.
"I'd as live die if ain't no deerwoods,
 whiskey and women left to try
I'd as live die if ain't no dogs to run
neath a starry sky

Lord, take me on the fast train to gloryland,
to gloryland, to glory land,
take me on the fast train to gloryland
and them deerwoods in the sky."

Nobody was smiling, nobody crying, except for the men from the yard fire standing on the other side of the box. The women next to Redbone's wife were crossing their arms and puffing up like toad-frogs, and the preacher's mouth gaped wide, showing a brown coffee tongue.
Hoss cut his eyes toward the pine box on the scaffold while he plucked the tune on the banjo. Behind her, as she sang, Merry Gay thought she heard one of the men fart, farting, but sounded more like a nail being yanked out of wood with a claw hammer.
She glanced at the box on her left while singing the chorus again and saw it shift a little to one side and kind of bob up at the head. Everybody was whispering, pointing her way, enough to break her heart. And then she saw what they were really looking at -Redbone's bare white feet and ankles hanging down over the hole from a rip in the floor at the foot of the casket. She saw him drop, all three- hundred pounds of flab and hair, dressed only in his brown plaid shirt, as the bottom fell out and the scaffold collapsed. Splintering wood and boards clapping together and a loud whump as Redbone hit home.
It was almost dusk when Hoss and Merry Gay stopped along the tram road for him to chop down the white-pine sapling she'd picked out for a Christmas tree. In the sealed cold of the woods, they loaded the tree in the bed of the wagon where the pine box had been.
"Sing to me, baby. Sing to me," he said when they'd loaded up again. He still sat slumped over but sounded cherry.
She was on back of the wagon with the bristly pine tree, fresh tar smells and Christmas pine. "Can I sing 'Jingle Bells'?"
"'Jingle Bells' is fine, long as it ain't about fast trains to gloryland." He laughed then, not laughing like he'd laughed when Redbone dropped through the floor of the box, but a wry lingering laugh, the put-on laugh of an adult who knows there is no Santa Claus.
Almost home, almost dark, but a queer light hovered after so much gloom over a field of dry broom-sage and bushy green myrtle bushes. She was singing when she saw his right hand rise, his signal for her to be still and quiet. 
He hauled back on the reins and his great body rose out of its slump and he stepped easy from the wagon, not shaking it, not a sound. Reaching inside for his rifle, he positioned the stock on his right shoulder and peered down the barrel at some secret target on his left.
There all the time, the sharp head and curved rack of a white deer, the albino, formed out of the wheat-like broom-sage, like a dream of a deer, like a ghost. Suddenly he reared up on his hind legs to see over the bushes it seemed and his rack contained too many points to count before he dropped from sight.
When Merry Gay looked at her daddy again, the rifle was down by his side and he was grinning.
Why didn't he shoot? she wondered.
"Next time," he called out. "I'll get you next time, see if I don't."


CHAPTER 9

After the dead women were placed in the trunks, Roberta went home to nurse the babies again, as much to relieve her engorged breasts as for the benefit of the babies. She had to feed her chickens before the rain got harder, she had to milk the cow before dark.
Wearing brown rubber ponchos over their damp clothes, Merry Gay and Tommy set out through the garden to slop the hogs in the parlor on the edge of the woods. Going to seed, save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines, Bernice's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower-lined paths between the framed vegetable plots. Overhead twiggy vines trailed along spaced rafters, creating a dappled, banded shade when the sun shined through. 
They had to cross the vacant lot of shedding pecan trees behind Bernice's house, swinging oak buckets by the bails and dodging for cover from crib to shelter to trees along the way. From a stall in the first barn came the wicked blatting of the ram Bernice and Merry Gay had sheared on Saturday. A croaker sack of his oily dingy wool was still leaning in the breezeway where they had left it. The naked white ram with shear marks across the saddle of his back, collops of white hide, lardy waves, poked his head through the opening under the gate, feeling free now that his head was free, threaded horns setting off his pleading eyes. As soon as Merry Gay lifted the wooden latch, he burst from the pen, trotting toward the green woods.  The hoarse cawing of tattletale crows, ricocheting from the pecan trees, announced them, but they saw nobody and were seen by nobody, as best they could tell.
 They could smell and hear the hogs before they got there. They smelled rooty and sharp, their bass rumbling grunting a signal that they were starving, waiting for the two girls with their dishwater slops. The parlor was sunken in vines and bushes, located next to the creek, with tea-tinted water trickling in to the wallow on the sloped south end. When the girls approached on the high north end of the pen the hogs shuffled, snorting and beating the sour mud composed of manure and ammonia with their cloven hooves, to the south end. When they dumped the slops into the trough, the hogs shifted back in unison, a union of hogs-hectic shadows behind the slattered walls. 
The rain pecked on the tin roof, on the rank warm thicket of briars and dog fennel. Honeysuckle, trumpet and fox-grape vines spewed like fountains from the clustered scrub oaks and pines. Soon it would be fall and the leaves would be gone, woody tangles of vines like woven primal nests, but for now the woods were green, almost sun-lit green, in spite of the swirling layers of dark clouds overhead. Heat emanated from the green, a sort of living energy, quick growth before death. Tommy and Merry Gay were sweating inside their ponchos, though the rain was cool on their faces and they could imagine the heat of the waiting bodies under the ponchos on the porch.
"It'll be dark soon," Tommy said, "the rain'll get harder before it lets up."
"Why don't I go look for Buck and Charlie?" Merry Gay said, coming up the hill toward home.
"Would you let me go?" Tommy asked.
"That's different."
"You reckon how did Jean's baby get in that wood-box like that, all bedded down in that flannel sheeting?"
"I guess she put him there."
"Does that mean she didn't shoot Mama when she ripped the boards off the door and opened it, scaring her?"
"I don't know that I can think about that, Tommy, not now." Their buckets bumped together like a signal for the tears to join the rain on their cheeks. "Probably there's a lot we'll never figure out how it happened."
"If we make it through this our own selves." 
"Poor old Jean, she was sick, couldn't help how she was. I hate us calling her crazy behind her back."
Tommy laughed, dabbing at the tears on her pale cheeks. "I guess it's kinder than talking about her to her face."
"Priss used to say that was the southern way, talking about somebody behind their back and not coming right out with it. Next day, she said, we'd likely be changed our minds anyway."
Roberta had her buckboard pulled up to the garden gate when they got there. The scruffy dull brown mare stood patiently in the rain while Merry Gay, Tommy and Roberta loaded the poncho-covered trunks with the bodies inside and a shovel for digging the graves. Two wooden commissary crates full of neatly stacked fruit jars of vegetables and jellies that Roberta had put up that summer were shoved to the front of the buckboard behind the bench. In another one was a large smoked ham with bear grass strung through the hock for hanging. They loaded up, all three on the front bench of the buckboard, Roberta hissing at the mule and flapping the lead-lines.
"I guess we're having a picnic," Tommy said.
"Somebody is," Roberta said, guiding the mare from the yard to the lane along the tracks.
Tommy and Merry Gay knew who. Merry Gay figured it was the story of the old colored woman in the remains of her kitchen that had done it, that had broken Roberta's heart and brought her around. Or maybe the food was some kind of holy offering, penance for Roberta's perceived sin of sloth last night. Tommy elbowed Merry Gay in the ribs. She elbowed her back, telegraphing the message that she hadn't a clue to how Roberta planned to deliver the food to the Negroes hiding out in the west woods. 
Heading north up the lane along the tracks, they saw Nate Shirley's car stuck in the mud, the wheels slewed toward the track near the start of his yard and corner of woods. Gauzy rain closed off both the north and south tracks veeing out into a child's notion of the earth's end. Across the tracks, raindrops fried in the hot ashes from the house fires and lifted tiny puffs of smoke and ash; the houses left standing looked sodden, dark and empty. A few dogs wandered through the ashes, hiking their legs and pissing to mark their find, sniffing for bits of charred food. And way off, they could hear other dogs barking, an owl hooting from the west woods. But mostly they heard rain, rain tapping on the rubber ponchos, rain and wind and way-off thunder and the plodding hooves of the mare. Now and then voices sounded from the east rows of houses; a door slammed, and a horse neighed.
Tommy was seated between Merry Gay and Roberta, all solemn for the occasion, all in comic disguise of brown ponchos and hats. Anybody seeing them would have been hard-put to distinguish them from the men. Still, Merry Gay held the pistol underneath her poncho; she would shoot if she had to.
 She didn't really feel bad about the boys missing their mother's funeral. They should have come home again, though she hadn't expected it. She was used to their virile helplessness: Mama went to church for them, Mama represented the family at funerals; Mama would get them into heaven on her prayers. With Mama gone, they'd have to trust they could make it to old age and repentance, not having sacrificed their prime sin years.  
The three women had to go past the Shirleys' front yard, the white picket fence and gate with the hanging bell, the ancient leaking live oaks draped in wet moss and smelling of mold. Angling off the dead-end lane, they stayed to the edge of the block-shaped cane patch-a square of clustered purple and green glossy stalks. In the open gloom of the pecan orchard between the woods and the house the pole of the cane-grinding mill stood ready for a mule to hitch up and circle the muddy trench, traveling, going nowhere, where he'd gone so many times before. The syrup shed to the right of the mill looked wet and dark, brown leaves stuck to the tin roof. Along the north fence, ruddy freckled pomegranates had dropped from the rain-soaked trees, pear trees interlaced and their fruit rotting on the dark ground too, buzzed by feeding yellow jackets. The shed looked like a place gone to ruin in the rain and coming cold, a place circled round on itself like the muddy trench of the cane mill, like Tommy and Merry Gay since the train got back to Moniac Crossing.
The rickety buckboard followed the three-path road cut by horse and wagon wheels out of the wiregrass and palmettos and pines to get to the church cemetery which Shirley claimed was on his property now. Long ago Old Man Miller had deeded it to the residents of Moniac for all time, cemetery and the Moniac Methodist Church plat next to it, which Shirley now claimed too. Out of the hearing of the men, Bernice, entrusted with peacekeeping too, fumed aloud, "Wadn't it enough he laid claim to the land we live on without laying claim to our dead too?"
His justification was that the cemetery, already expanded twice since he came to Moniac territory in 1900, would continue to spill over onto his land, and somebody had to pay taxes on it. Somebody had to keep up the picket fence that kept out the free-ranging hogs and cattle, his livestock too, whether or not they wore his brand, whether or not the hogs' ears were marked with his signature sickle and swallow-fork. They soon would be. So, who could argue with that? Nobody but the Great Hoss Rose, and he was gone, laid to rest forever on Shirley land, just as Bernice would soon be.
The rain that beat the weary women down likewise provided protection. They had seen nobody at the Shirley house, and if anybody inside had seen them through the large mullioned windows made opaque by the glaring rainy light, they hadn't made themselves known. The air off the green woods was wet and cool, like the fall rains setting in after a long dry summer. Soon to be cozy after all chores were done, after the women had put up tomatoes, peas, peaches and pears for the winter, fodder, hay and corn set aside for the cattle, hogs and chickens, cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one. 
They had no sooner entered the woods, starting along the church road northeast of the Shirley house, than Roberta turned the mare left with a sharp yank on the lead-lines. Loving to surprise, she couldn't resist cutting her mean sloe eyes at the two girls grappling at the bench on her right to keep from being thrown overboard. Myrtle bushes the size of young oaks tried to scrub the three women from the wagon. The buckboard dipped into a firebreak, clinking the glass jars like bags of marbles; then bucked up and over the hillock of dirt and a sudden clearing of blowing broom-sage already taking on wheat tones but still turquoise at the roots. Up ahead was a cypress slew, flat-topped cypresses with a single rabbit hawk like a watch-guard perched atop the tallest branch. Behind, Merry Gay expected to see the trunks in the ditch and the jars of vegetables churned to soup. But except for some shifting of the trunks and a sprinkling of tiny lavender waxberries nothing had changed. 
After being nearly thrown from the buckboard twice when the iron wheels had sunk through tunnels of gopher holes, while Roberta drove the mare hard along the westward curve of the woods-line, Merry Gay and Tommy were braced for the railroad tracks happening up out of the tall pine woods. Soon, they were in a crop of pines with glazy orange cat-faces; spotted about were the weather shelters, lean-tos of two-by-four slats, then bushes again. The rain seemed to be coming heavier but it was only heavier from the closure of shook vines and bushes. 
Tommy spied the tiny tilted cabin first and sat up.
Negro women, children and men poured out the door, running toward the black creek turning though the woods with the shrilling of tree frogs and katydids. The clean earthy smell of decaying leaves and tart pine claimed the hot rubber smell of the ponchos and the mare's sour wet hide. 
Roberta stopped the wagon, shouting through cupped hands. "We brung food. Ain't nobody here gone mess with you." She nodded for Tommy to speak.
Tommy stood in the buckboard taking off her hat and releasing her mass of glittery wet hair. Her skin looked whiter next to Roberta, whose complexion was always jaundiced yellow. "It's Tommy. Me and Merry Gay Rose and Travis Miller's wife Roberta be the only ones on this wagon." Her tone was thicker using her across-the-tracks talk. 
Merry Gay wished she hadn't added the last name because Roberta and Travis were known by the Negroes for looking down on them for being lazy-living easy and close to the dirt, as Tommy called it, and Merry Gay knew exactly what she meant.
She stood with Tommy and called out, "We'll just put out this food here and leave and y'all can eat something." They had to be hungry.
Merry Gay and Tommy climbed over the bench to the bed of the buckboard and began unloading the crates of jarred vegetables, passing a jar at a time down to Roberta. She shook her head, grinning, placing the jars inside the crate again, then slid the crate to the edge of the buckboard, lifted it off with those powerful arms and, stepping solid side to side, waddled toward the rotting one-room cabin. Her dark blond hair under her hat was stuck to her neck, narrow green eyes darting over the rain-darkened woods and the dark people they could pick out only when they moved or slapped at mosquitoes.
On the way out, in the open field of broom-sage, Merry Gay asked Roberta about the cabin. Who it belonged to, how she knew it was there?
"Belonged to the old man, Travis's daddy. He used to go there of a winter to hunt and be by hisself." She grinned, showing a yellowed front tooth, and whipped the plug mare into a smart trot to make it to the cemetery before dark. 
Merry Gay could tell by Roberta's grin that something was coming up to shock two innocent girls. She nudged Tommy in the ribs with her elbow, but Tommy was staring ahead, hat low over her eyes. Okay, so Tommy was married; she was still as chaste as Merry Gay. Never told what went on with her husband at night, and Merry Gay had been relieved but disappointed too. Roberta, on the other hand, was not much older than them but had been raised hard, as she said. She was born looking back where she'd come from and figuring how she got there. 
Looking behind her at the jostling trunks, covered in wet tarps, raindrops pecking and bouncing off them like glass beads, Merry Gay decided not to listen, if she could help it. Out of respect and shame for her dead mother scrunched inside the trunk, she wouldn't listen.
Roberta whipped up the mare, making sucking noises through her teeth. Squirrel sounds. Terrible grimace! "That cabin back yonder, girls, that's where Jay Shirley goes to do his mischief. And mind you I ain't talking about just gambling and drinking or playing with his privates." Her eyes were almost walled with eagerness to get to the good part that would make Tommy and Merry Gay gasp like Sunday-school children. 
"What he'd do was, he'd pick up a girl, or two at the time, they say... He'd pick 'em up from the quarters and take 'em up through the woods the backway to get to the cabin. Couldn't go by his daddy's house, see."
The mare had slowed, shying at a gopher hole surrounded by white sand that didn't look like it could have been dredged from beneath the dark forest floor. Roberta seemed not to notice either. Hard glint to her green slit eyes, she went on. 'Now I want y'all to know, this is just hear-tell, but I got it straight from the horse's mouth, so to speak. He'd get them ole gals in the cabin and make em strip down and put on a show for him. Bad stuff!" She spat off the side of the wagon for emphasis. "Then again, they say, he'd make em take a strop to him. You know whip him and him buck-naked." She checked the girls' faces for degrees of shock: Tommy was still staring ahead, hands tucked under her brown poncho. But Merry Gay's mouth was open wide and she was gazing Roberta square in the face, owning up to her shock or shame or both over such talk under such circumstances.
"Now. Like I say, he'd be naked as a jaybird, while they beat him and what-all; I won't go into that, not now," she said low and glanced behind, then whipped the mare up again. Wet bushes scraped the straddle of the buckboard and now and then a mud hole caused the cautious mare to balk. "I will say this though?" At that point she cackled out, so loud she could be heard all over the woods. "?I'd of liked to had a hand in that whipping, wouldn't y'all?"
At one deep muddy spreading puddle, the mare stopped. Punchline! "They say he choked a colored girl by the creek there a while back, choked her to death while he banged it to her."
Merry Gay made a croaking sound. Roberta held out her right hand and turned her head away. "Now, I don't know that for a fact, but I could tell you her name, and y'all-you, Tommy, for shore-would recollect ain't nobody seen hide nor hair of Lettie Mae Cobb in going on a month now. So, don't go telling it around. Not and my name in it." 
The mare took a chance, rocking and plunging on through the mud hole; buckboard bogging up to its axles, but then freed with a fierce lunging of the mare, water and mud flying from her hooves.
Tommy stared straight ahead, even being slung side to side into Roberta and then Merry Gay. Merry Gay looked behind at her mama's coffin, expecting her to be sitting on top of the lid shaking her head.

***

When the winter fur was on the coon, beaver and otter, Hoss would go out into the cold humming woods with his steel traps and set them in the mouth of branch runs, hooked to tussocks in the brown water streaming over scalloped sand. Early mornings he would go back to the traps, re-baiting the tripped ones with rotted fish heads and entrails, and collect his catch to be skinned for their hides. Nights, he would hunt possum with his .22 rifle and sell them in the Negro quarters for roast possum and taters.
	A man at fourteen, he would carry the possums with their hard bald tails curled around his hands, peddling them in the quarters for whatever they would give him. So cold and it night and the dogs barking way off, his face and hands would feel on-fire with cold. Smell of wood-smoke and pine tang on the air. 
On one such starry moonlit night, he walked up on a man and a girl in the middle of the road. Her back was to the man and her dress-tail was hiked. She looked merely bent, made of sticks. The man behind her was peering up at the moon, humping and moaning, holding her by the hips as if fearing he would lose her, as if his life depended on his rooting into her, on his reaching some end to whatever he had started and after he was done his life would be all better. Like somebody hungry, eating to get full so that he would never be hungry again. At once urgent and dreamlike, they stopped moving when they saw Hoss with his possums stopped in the road, watching, warming in the couple's lust.
"How do," the man said.
The woman only straightened her spine a bit, eyeing him with something not shame. A question. It was the same question in the eyes of the trapped animals-What will you do with me now? 
The possum in Hoss's right hand came to life swinging round into a fat tight furry ball and biting his thumb to the quick with its needle teeth. He slung it to the ground; it sulled again. Then he stomped its skull with his boot heel and picked it up again by its hard curled tail and walked off, passion spent and in its place, pain. He had just learned a lesson, he later told Bernice, but he'd be hard-put to say what it was.
"Make sure a possum's dead," she said and laughed.
Of course Mary Gay had overheard her daddy telling this, to her mama, a lover's sharing not meant for third-party ears. But she had heard and now she was glad she had heard. Of all things little and big that he had done in her lifetime alone, it was something before she was born that had helped shape him into the Great Hoss Rose: shame for those who couldn't feel shame and pity for the pitiable, a heart that could break, and why Jesus wept. It was his insight into the man's weakness and his hope for the woman's strength. But more than all that, what made Merry Gay's daddy great in her eyes was the humility never to have considered himself above either of them.

***

Around the bend in the woods, the road to the church cemetery was rutted and trenched with fresh wheel tracks. Roberta had to pull over for a buggy meeting them to pass. A woman and a man with their heads hung.
Another and another, mostly women, then the black surrey they recognized as belonging to the widow woman on row two. But a young man was driving.
"Who's that driving her surrey?" Tommy asked.
"Her nephew, I think." Roberta looked back, and then whipped the lead-line to start the stubborn mule again.
The next wagon they met was driven by The Other Twin. Miss Ellie sitting on the other side with her face buried in a white handkerchief. All agreed that the two women must have buried their boy and bowed their heads in silent prayer. "Aye Lordy!" Roberta said and drove on. "Hear tell that boy was in and out, all over Moniac, last night. Toting people out of burning houses and them for once glad to see him."
Merry Gay and Tommy squeezed each other's hands. 
"Course, way I hear it, you girls would know all about that."
Merry Gay and Tommy kept quiet. 
Roberta didn't. "Hear tell, he saved y'all'es hide at the commissary last night. Right?" Roberta waited for them to speak, then, "Way Anse told it, Shirley would have shot him dead then, hadn't been for the fact of y'all raring up and him having to shoot y'all dead too. Had, Shirley figured, he'd never get the straight of what come of Priss."
"He was right about that," Merry Gay said.
"So, you know?"
"I know."
"But you ain't talking, right?"
"Not yet."
Two more wagons were pulling away from the cemetery when the buckboard cleared the final blind of trees: a high white church with a steeple and live oaks so tall and branched out they formed a heavenly canopy over the church and cemetery.
All three women gasped. Before them, behind the white picket fence of the cemetery, were numerous new raw graves, mounds of white clay melting down in the rain.
"I thought everybody was staying in because they were scared," Merry Gay said. "Maybe some of these are the men from down the tracks that got killed on the train. Probably brought home to their families to put away decent."
Roberta was staring out, green slit eyes squinting and thin lips moving as she tallied up the graves. "Twenty-two all told! And this ain't the end of it. Lord, what'll it take to stop it?" 
"Not even counting my people," Tommy spoke up.
The other two women cast sidelong glances at Tommy. Her dark liquid eyes were staring out at the rain like fog falling on the woods.
"I'd like you to tell me those boys last night didn't end up drug out in the woods for the buzzards to eat," Tommy added.
 Neither Roberta nor Merry Gay spoke because they couldn't deny that was likely the way of it.

CHAPTER 10

By nightfall the women had gotten word that the State Militia would be coming to Moniac Crossing by train sometime during the night or early morning. They would keep the peace while the sheriff got some straight answers and made his arrests. Nate Shirley demanded that the sheriff call in the U.S. Regulars instead, because so many in the Militia were local men and kin to somebody in Moniac. 
Merry Gay thought it ironic that Nate Shirley would soon be trying to sort enemy from friend, much as she and Tommy had done. She suspected that the sheriff's men were camping out in the woods or holed up at one of the many portable sawmill sites around. Wherever they were, this half-hearted posse, Buck and Charlie and Ruis were there. Had to be. Word from Travis to Roberta to the two girls was Shirley and Wendell and their men were out to gun down the Rose boys and Ruis for directly or indirectly shooting dead his favorite granddaughter. Her body had been found in the dining car lavatory where he'd last seen the Rose boys and Ruis flee to. The Rose girl had seen it all, had been right there when they shot Priss, and not only didn't try to save her but lied to Shirley concerning her whereabouts. Why would she lie except to save her brothers? Shirley would have some answers or he would have some hide, he said.
Whipped beyond words from all the activity that day, and really since Sunday, Merry Gay and Tommy moved the feather mattress from on top of the cotton mattress on the bed in the front room they once shared and laid it on the floor between the bed and the wall. The point was to be where they weren't supposed to be if Shirley or one of his men came calling, though they imagined Shirley would expect them to be at Roberta's or somewhere for protection, and probably Bernice's house would be the last place he would look. Also, their little soft corner provided a bunker of sorts-all Merry Gay had to do was shoot square across the other mattress on the bed to the door, surprising their intruder who they had no picture for in their heads. He could be anybody; he could be a she.
Fully dressed but in fresh clothes, cozy inside and not out in the squalling wind and rain, the girls blew out the candle and lay in the dark, bolstered and propped on numerous feather pillows and quilts. Merry Gay next to the wall and Tommy next to the bed. Smoky wax smell and a faint oily scent of the geese they had robbed the down from, birds held between their knees and plucked till naked and chill-bumped; no mercy shown by Bernice to the girls, so they'd shown none to the geese, though later they would pity the bulky birds parading about the yard, shorn of their glory like somebody scalped. It was like one of their stay-up parties when they were girls with somebody older watching over them. They talked about that-the good old days-then even laughed because they had been so young then, acting old, amazed that they could still laugh under such dangerous circumstances. 
"I wish we'd treated Samson more human," Merry Gay said low.
"Me too."
"Do you feel like you got to know him better in that short time last night than some other people here at the Crossing?" Merry Gay made a hissing sound. "I mean, most of these other people we thought we'd known all their lives. All our lives..." 
"Guess it just goes to show."
What seemed really familiar, really nostalgic, was the swoon of sleep in the regular pecking rhythm of rain on tin, cozy, dark, protected by somebody else, except for the fact of the cold pistol in Merry Gay's grip and their straining to listen for gaps in the rain-footsteps along the hall, the door squeaking open. Eyes open it was as dark as with eyes closed. Too tired to talk, too weary to sleep, they talked anyway. Low to keep from being heard, low to keep from exerting energy. It felt good not to have to move, not to have to see, only to breathe in the close air of somebody you loved and say whatever felt right. Sleeping with somebody, you get to know him or her inside-out.
"Okay," Merry Gay said, "go ahead and tell me. Was that true about Jay? I know you know."
"I don't know." Tommy rolled onto her back bunching a pillow under her head. "What I do know is about as bad or worse and a lot more apt to get me killed."
"What?" Merry Gay sat up, eyes stretched trying to make her sister out in the dark.
"I've never told anybody but Mama. I was scared to. Will would have made me quit working there and I'd of wound up dead for sure then. Maybe I should have?I was scared to. Scared of how it would look if I did quit."
"How it would look to who? What? Mama would have told me." But Merry Gay knew better, knew she'd been spared the sexual secrets whispered behind married women's hands.
"Mama wouldn't have told God this."
"Maybe I don't want to know." Merry Gay lay down. "If it's something I don't need to know yet, something I can't handle yet?"
"You never will need to know this, but I'll tell you. Only I hate putting dirty thoughts in your head, such evil."
Then she told it. And even while she was telling it, Merry Gay knew the story would scar her mind forever, that she'd have been better off not hearing it after all.
Tommy was leaving through the back door of the Shirley house, one morning that past fall, to pick up the mail from the commissary. Too, Miss Moxie was expecting a package coming Southern Express on the morning train, by her calculation. If the package didn't arrive this morning, it would be the fault of the Express, the train, or the company through which she had ordered. Her timing was faultless and it was Tommy's job to see to it that the branch or individual guilty of disrupting Miss Moxie's timetable be brought low and humbled. Next order, she would use Wells Fargo for spite.
Just as Tommy started out, she heard a knock on the front door and started in again to answer it.
Nathan Shirley was drinking coffee and reading the newspaper at the kitchen table and he told Tommy to go on, he would get the door. The women and children were still asleep in the south and north wings of the house, all except for Priss who was at the house of her tutor.
Rather than go around the south side of the house and through the picket gate there, Tommy decided to go around the north side, pick a tea olive bloom from the tree in the corner of the front yard to take with her to the commissary.
She was on the far side of the tree, hidden from the front of the house, when she heard Nate Shirley talking to another man standing barely inside the open door. Looked to Tommy like Deputy Threet's horse, a snuff-brown mare, tied to the gate out front, stamping its hooves and switching at flies. No frost yet, and Tommy looked forward to it, because the frost would kill the flies, but it would also kill back the tea olives. 
She cropped a branch with lots of tiny white star-shaped blossoms and crisp green leaves then ducking low under the branches she started out. But she stopped when she realized the two men had stepped out on the porch, still talking low. It was the way they were talking that stopped her, she said. Low, just-between-us, buddy-buddy: Deputy Threet playing up to the big man, as usual; the big man going along only because he must. But whatever Threet was saying-and she couldn't tell at the time from where she stood-she said Nathan Shirley was all ears but appeared eager to be rid of Threet. Even walked with his arm on the shoulder of the pussel-gutted, grinning deputy down the brick walk to the gate and his horse tied there-Threet's first mistake that morning.
 Nobody tied a horse to that gate. Nobody. Once one of the turpentine hands had done it and the horse jerked the gate down and went trotting along the lane with it dragging. Next morning the man was gone.
At the gate, the men were still talking low, but from the tea olive tree Tommy could hear most of what they were saying; the rest she would fill in and be proved right by Nate Shirley's reaction.
The gist of it was that some poor old broke farmer, whose name Tommy recognized, had caught Jay Shirley the night before in his kitchen with his pants down. Tommy strained to listen, curious as to why Jay Shirley would have his pants down, why he would even be in this man's kitchen in the middle of the night. 
Then she heard Deputy Threet-the horse was snatching at the reins, yanking on the gate, shaking and rattling the pickets of the white fence all the way down to the tea olive tree-his mewling voice, repeating as he was prone to do: "Like I say, I shore hate to be the one to bring you the news, Nate old boy, but you can see how the old man would be all up in the air. Walking in like that and finding Jay standing with his britches down around his ankles. Had her legs spread out and her laying a corpse and him pumping it to her."
Nate Shirley slid his wallet from his hip pocket. He still had on his tan leather slides but was dressed in black trousers and one of his Chinese-ironed blue broadcloth shirts.
"Ain't the first time this is come up, you know," said Threet. "Wadn't for me somebody would shoot that boy of yours."
Nate handed him some cash and flipped the latch on the gate for him to step through, untied the horse's reins and handed them to Threet. "Half that money's for you. Give the other half to the old man and tell him I hate it about his wife," Nate said. "Tell him I'll get with him in a day or two if he's not satisfied."
Threet was standing next to the sidling, spooked horse, counting the bills in his hand. "Two hunderd dollars!" He laughed loud. "Listen! He can have my wife and her alive for less."
Tommy was standing still as death as well when a yellow cat dropped down through the branches from the top of the tree, shaking it like a storm, and landed with claws stuck in the bark at the main fork of limbs before Tommy's face.
Like the cat, she couldn't move. She closed her eyes. She prayed she hadn't been seen. But when she opened her eyes she saw Nathan Shirley standing on the other side of the tree, his face where the cat had been last time she looked.
"You make a habit of eavesdropping, Tommy?" He didn't sound mad but his face was red, even his scrubbed ears were red. Every morning he had to have hot water for a bath.
"I didn't?I." She held out the branch of tea olives as if offering it for him to smell.
He reached through the fork and took it, dropped it on the ground. A neat round bed of red ants was working alive at his feet and she kept her eyes on it, his bare feet in those slippers, hoping the ants would crawl up his pants legs, distracting him, and she would be spared.
"No sir, I didn't hear nothing." She wanted to lean into the tree trunk for support but she would be too close and the flowers smelled too clean and sweet.
"Tell me what you did hear, and don't lie. I don't like a lie."
"I don't know what I heard? I couldn't hear."
"I know you did or you would've come on out." Holding to a branch, he swung around the tree, easy in those soft leather slides, right in her face and speaking low as a lover. "Okay, I'll grant you, you weren't eavesdropping. You were picking flowers"-he reached up and plucked a single bloom close and held it under her nose-"and you got scared to come out."
He twiddled the flower, tickling her nose. He was smiling. She stepped away.
"Have I ever been mean to you?"
"No sir."
"Have I ever hurt you?"
"No sir, never have, sir."
"Well, I don't aim to now."
"Yes sir."
"Know why?"
"No sir."
"I like your coffee. I like you, Tommy."
She was terrified, feet itching to run. He was blocking her on one side of the tree and could hem her up between the tree and the fence on the other side. She could outrun him in those slides.
"I need to go get the mail, sir," she said. "Train's done come."
He grabbed her face then, striking like a snake and squeezing her jaw. She could feel, see, her cheeks pressed up. She caught her breath, held it in case it was her last.
Tommy stopped talking to Merry Gay and only lay there. The room felt steamy, stifling, from Tommy's heavy breathing maybe. The only thing surprising her was that he'd let Tommy stay around so long. That he hadn't killed her. He couldn't fire her for fear she would talk. 

Merry Gay, why would Jay make Muffin take cold baths at night?
Why, I?I don't know. 
I mean even when it's cold, real cold, he makes her. Have you ever heard of that?
Priss, that's probably something you're not supposed to talk about. It's nothing but grownup stuff, I imagine.
Something else I wonder about. I wonder how come he has all those wigs and lady's silk underclothes in that trunk in his closet.
Priss, you know better than to mess around in people's stuff.
I didn't. Gramma Moxie did. She was looking for her fur muff and thought Muffin stole it from her and went in their room nosing around.
And she told you this? Miss Moxie told you?
Not exactly. She came out of their room and right in front of the whole family at the breakfast table she went to screaming, White trash! White trash! and throwing stuff up in the air. Even a blond wig looked like a dead lady's head.
You're making that up, Priss. I know you are."
Quit laughing. Go ask Tommy. She came in right after that and heard Gramma Moxie squalling, My own grandson! My own grandson! I would've expected it of Wendell but not Jay. Granddaddy was kicking the clothes and the wig down the hall and shouting for Gramma to shut up or he'd send her to Sister's. She hates Aunt Sister because she's got all those old dogs and lives Upnorth. 
Tommy saw all this? She knows all this?
Not about the baths I don't think. But anyway, Gramma Moxie took to her sick bed and all that day she was down with a headache, crying low to keep Granddaddy from hearing and sending her to Aunt Sister. Tommy was back and to with cold compresses for her head. What was really really strange was the way Muffin jumped up from the table when Jay said it was her stuff in the trunk. She said, You've done it now, you've gone too far. 
"What did Nate Shirley say then?" Merry Gay asked Tommy.
"He'd said it all, he'd said enough. He just walked off across the grass to the porch and went inside." Tommy stiffened as if to demonstrate how stiff she was, scared stiff, as she would say. "I went straight to Mama's. I told her what happened. She told me to quit work. 'Quit now,' she said. Then she said, 'Don't. On second thought, I want you to go on over to the commissary like you started. Go on!' Right after that, I mean right after dinner, she was visiting with Miss Moxie, sitting on the porch and getting talked to. Acted like wadn't a thing in the world the matter. I mean even when she looked at me, she made like she was happy as could be.
"Well, that crazy old lady Moxie took a shine to Mama. Wasn't nobody else to talk to and Mama was as good a listener as she was an actor. I swear! Everybody in the house was glad to see her coming. Mr. Nate taught her how to iron his shirts cause she acted like she couldn't stand not trying it at least once. 
"Come end of the week and she didn't show up one day, and I figured she'd had enough of Miss Moxie and maybe taken a liking to Nate Shirley and thought I'd heard him wrong, that I could take care of myself. I could flat run and she knew that too. 
"Next day the women were after Mr. Nate to go get Bernice. `Pay her whatever she wants,' Sara said. Miss Moxie was half the time under their feet, bossing them around and talking her stuff. She would even talk to me while I worked. Never could catch on if she was insulting somebody. Told me I'd make a good mistress to one of them rich men in New Orleans, me being `high-yellow' and 'right attractive.'" Tommy laughed. 
"What did you tell her?"
"I said I hadn't planned on ever doing that kind of thing, besides I just got married. She hummed something back. Then she said, 'Oh, sugar plum, but it's not like being a whor~e.' She dropped it in a whisper about two or three times before I figured out she'd read all this in one of her old books."
"I don't get it."
"See, Merry Gay, she'd only ever read the word, had been so shut up inside with all the ladies, she had never even heard anybody say the word 'whore.'"

***

Merry Gay was almost asleep when she realized that Tommy was still awake, lying there scared probably or thinking about Will. She too had been dozing then startling herself awake with drifting thoughts before sleep of her mama being dead, really dead, and she would see her no more. A chink in the wall near the window was puffing air from outside, rain bolting from the side of the house, then back.
"Tommy," Merry Gay said, "you can talk to me about Will if you want to. Him or Mama either one. I mean I'll listen and not tell you to not cry or say they're better off than we are, in a better place."
She laughed, actually laughed. "I hadn't thought about that till you said that. How that's what everybody says when somebody dies."
"I guess they don't know what else to say but it does look like they'd change up from time to time, doesn't it?"
Both were laughing, the low tee-heeing of kids out in the night. Or at church. Both believing against all reason that it was so, what everybody said. Bernice and Will were in a better place if only asleep and not asleep in Jesus. But both had been born again, both saved. 
"You know what else they say, people who lose their husbands or wives?" Tommy asked. "They say I feel like part of me died. Well, that's the truth. I loved Will's funning ways and I loved his body. I loved sleeping next to him and waking up the next morning. Smelling his sleep-warmed skin, seeing his great brown back when I opened my eyes."
"Tommy, we didn't do you any favors by keeping you on this side of the tracks, did we?"
"It's not that. It's just that after I married, after I moved in with Will, I was living the life I'd been born to live. And it was different?not the same as what we could see from here, this side of the tracks."
"Mama knew that, don't you think?"
"I know she did. But I'm thankful she raised me good. All my family scattered from here to yonder, where would I have gone? What would have come of me?"
"I don't know. Maybe the same, I mean, you'd have fit in over there, and there's some good old grannies and aunties that make a life of taking care of the children."
"It was confusing, growing up that way. That's all I can say."
They quit talking and listened to the wind flapping a loose corner of tin on the north edge of the front porch. To the wind howling and the rain squalling suddenly, its rhythm spent. 
Merry Gay broke the silence with a question. She had to know. "Tommy, why didn't you go with us on the train to St. Augustine?"
"I couldn't chance some stranger seeing me and Will together and figuring me for a white woman running with a nigger man. Or other way around. Besides?" She sat straight up as if seeing a light in the dark room. Then she laughed. "I didn't go because I was afraid trouble would break out if they made me ride in the colored coach or smoking car."
She lay again and covered her face with her pillow, muffling laughter. Maybe crying. Merry Gay was crying. She placed her left hand on Tommy's narrow quivering ribcage, beneath her small breasts, and kept it there till her heart formed its beat out of the quivering.
"Not Mama and Will, not both of them gone," Tommy said.
 They lay there so long and still that each thought the other might be sleeping, so long that the soft mattress grew lumpy with clumped feathers. Merry Gay rolled to her side, facing Tommy, though she couldn't see her. "Do you think it's over?" she asked low, testing.
"I'll feel a whole lot easier once the Militia gets here. But I bet you anything, nobody'll talk even with the Militia to back up the sheriff from Folkston."
"Yeah. I wonder if Aunt Leoti's boy Sam is still in the Militia."
 "I hope he's not looking for us to feed and do for him if he stops by."
"That's the very reason Nate Shirley insisted on the Regulars."
"Do you think Buck and Charlie will be arrested?"
"Maybe. I can't quite feature them not busting out of jail though."
"What about a woman? Can they arrest you just because of what happened to Priss?"
"I've already thought about it and it all depends on how much Shirley's word has to do with it."
"You plan to tell the whole story about him shooting Priss in the lavatory if it comes down to that?"
"If I have to, only if I have to." Merry Gay lay down again. "I'll probably have to, yes."
"Can I ask you something else?" Tommy asked.
"What?"
"Why didn't you sing over Mama's grave with me and Roberta this evening?"
"Maybe I wanted to hear your voices. Maybe there's no song left in me now."

***

Merry Gay woke to flickering light of torches on the facing walls and window, frantic shouts and horse hooves clopping, the musical rales of the wind and the rain batting at a tilt on the window glass next to the spot where she lay with her pistol dropped by her side.
She had been dreaming that she was singing, simply singing, no particular situation, no setting for the dream, but only the sweet peace of being, that feeling of only living with nothing expected of you, nothing to run from, nothing to run to, no time: that heavenly stasis called childhood.
"It's not over," she said, not moving.
"What time do you think it is?" Tommy asked. "How long did we sleep?"
Merry Gay didn't answer because she couldn't even make a guess. She felt heavy and light at the same time. She sat up, then saw Tommy in silhouette kneeling on the cotton mattress of the bed at the window over the porch and crawled over to kneel beside her. Outside she could see horsemen with torches, dark furtive figures spiriting along the lane and across the tracks toward the commissary. No circle of lanterns south along the tracks that she could see, meaning the dead had been buried and the wounded had been moved. She wondered where. She felt as cut off from her own people as Tommy did from hers.
"What do you think they're up to?" Tommy asked.
"To no good, that's for sure."
"Do you hear a train?"
"No. It's just the wind. Maybe a twister sent by God to suck them up."
"Is that what it'll take to stop it?"
The room felt damp and warm, rank with their sleepy breath. Not quite foul but close.
"I still think maybe I hear a train?the Militia coming. Or maybe we slept right through the train bringing them earlier."
One shot, two shots, three shots, four sounding far away in the wind, rain and rumble.
Three men on horses with torches passed, one turning his hatted head toward the house and the two girls at the window. They ducked, even knowing they couldn't possible be seen in the dark room.
"Shirley and his boys," Merry Gay breathed, though the thought was only instinct and fear. What if the older landowners, the ones standing up to Shirley, were arrested and she and the other women were left alone to fear Shirley, to serve him? Like her mama breaking in Miss Moxie's torturous shoes. More shots.
"I don't know about you," Merry Gay said, "but I'd as soon be out there in the storm as holed up in here not knowing what's going on."
"You're not scared, are you?" Tommy was shaking the bed.
"Being scared hasn't killed me yet. I've been scarder."
"You mean in that smoking car Sunday coming home?"
"Yes." Really Merry Gay was terrified to go out. And too, all of a sudden, she couldn't imagine that Shirley would let Tommy go unpunished for shooting in his yard on Sunday night. A public spitting in a white man's face. She thought about his big-shot friends on the yacht; even if Shirley were arrested, he would be set free. She had little faith in the Militia. She didn't want Tommy, who was doomed, to know that though. She had to hold on to something and ironically it was the symbolic east side of the tracks, her white side.
"Let's go put on our ponchos and hats and head out." Merry Gay walked on her knees across the bed, stepping to the cold damp floor and feeling for the door. Unlatching and sucking in her breath. Anybody could be waiting in the dark hall. Anybody could grab them. Merry Gay held the pistol out, her finger on the trigger, stepping light on the creaking floorboards. Tommy held to her waist, stepping in her tracks.
On the un-ceiled back porch the rain on the tin was deafening. They put on their boots, ponchos and hats. Firelight from the commissary lit the slanting rain between the house north of them and their own.
Again they crept in the shadows of back yards, shrubs and trees and houses, blinking against the rain and the firelight, mesmerizing sounds and flickering. In the dark, in the rain, the smells of animals and the lime of the outhouses smelled sharper, the ashes so bitter the smell burned their eyes
At the slippery gumbo crossroad running by the commissary and forking off at the rows of houses, they crossed over, creeping through the woods and bushes toward the torch and campfires and shouts, even laughter. 
"At least the two mobs aren't warring," Tommy said. "What you reckon?"
"Sounds like the Fourth of July to me." They were walking into the enemy this time; no friend to rescue them if they got caught. "Stay out of the light, Tommy, and don't even breathe."
But the rain drumming on the tin roofs and ticking on the leaves of the trees was so loud they couldn't be heard if they yelled. 
From the cover of vines and trees they stood on the south end of the commissary, peering out. Only Shirley's men as far as they could tell-a royal 25 or so. What looked like three croaker sacks were hanging from a low stout branch of the white oak, stuffed with something alive, hogs maybe being smoked over the rain-stung fire, and men gathered round, shooting up into the already ruptured sky. Like a celebration. 
"Shoot me, shoot me, mister." The voice sounded muffled, seemed to come from the tree.
"What is that?" Tommy asked. "Can you tell?"
"No. The wind maybe. Let's get closer. Could be they're celebrating the Militia coming after all. Shooting to be shooting."
Merry Gay led off through the wet slapping vines and bushes, toward the rear of the commissary and a cattle trail often used by the Negroes coming in from the woods for food and drink. Smells of wood-smoke, wet greenery and raw mud. She was still holding to the pistol but no longer with a finger on the trigger. Not so afraid of Shirley and his boys as eager to confirm their mood of celebration. She could sense Tommy was feeling the same. It was almost an adventure except for the soreness following the ache of the Sunday killing spree.
Coming up on the northwest corner of the boxy white commissary, parting wet myrtle and gall-berry bushes in order to watch the men gathered around the front, they heard somebody yell, "Hey, you hear that? Sounds like they's some more niggers up there."
Deputy Threet, clear as day, ran toward the outside stairs, not twenty feet from where the girls were standing, and bounded up with his shotgun raised. The top story of the commissary seemed to explode with gunfire; Deputy Threet's shotgun dropped to the ground by the stairs, and he tumbled headlong down the stairs clutching his chest, and splashed into a puddle of water. A shield of water seemed to hang there, isolating him, till it settled with the settling of his solid round body. 
The men around the white oak rushed to him, then ran up the stairs single file firing into the dark and the fireworks of gunfire from the top story. The American flag hanging from the balcony snapped and popped in the wind. 
Nate Shirley sat his horse under the smoking tree, watching; arm still in a sling, alone but for Wendell Shirley riding up on another horse, stopping short next to his daddy. Merry Gay hadn't realized how she'd dreaded facing Wendell, telling him how Priss had died. What perfect revenge! What opportunity now with the two of them together and their own men witness to her announcement.   
The eerie howls no longer sounded like wind but human screams. The hung croaker sacks swung wildly, bumping each other. A musky, wild, gamy odor of roast flesh and singed hairy burlap tainted the clean rain and sweet burning wood smells.
"They're smoking somebody," Tommy said out loud, "in the croaker sacks."
Merry Gay had heard of that. She was stricken mute with terror that it could be Buck and Charlie and Ruis.
All was quiet upstairs, the shots fading out over the woods, and only the wind and the snapping and popping of the flag and the screams from the sacks remained. The men bounded down the stairs, stepping over Deputy Threet's body.
"We got em," one said. "They was holed up in there. Storm flushed em in out of the woods, whole bunch of em. Starving I reckon, here to rob the commissary like them boys sacked up in the tree there."
 "Guess our little lesson here was wasted on them after all," Nate Shirley said. "Y'all get Deputy Threet's body and take him over there to his house. Put him on the front porch and say your sorrys to the wife then come on back to the barbecue." He laughed, shining his gritted teeth as if in pain, or misery from the cold wet and strain of all that had happened and still might. Or maybe he was deranged.
Recovering, he raised his pistol to eye level. Then squinting through the sight, he shot left-handed the American flag from the roof to the ground at the foot of the stairs.
One of his boys said, "If that don't beat all!"
All agreed, laughing.
"Shoot me, shoot me, mister!" someone, a young boy, sounded like, yelled from one of the hanging sacks.
The men placed their rifles and shotguns on the ground, forming a litter, then lifted Deputy Threet onto it and began bearing his body away toward the tracks. 
"I hate to say it," one said anyway, "but I couldn't of looked the county over and found nobody I'd ruther it be than Threet."
The rain on the fire under the tree, under the sacks, produced braids of smoke and steam mixed and slowly rising. Glister of firelight on the wet magnolias in the background of woods. Two of the croaker sacks still bumped and swung furiously, erratically. Elbows, knees, heads, feet and rumps protruded from the smoking burlap, screams issuing forth as from hell itself. The other sack only swayed in the wind, throwing smoke. 
The men who had carried Deputy Threet away were crossing the tracks, coming back with their guns. The horses gyred and snorted, and Nate Shirley shifted in his saddle, facing Wendell and muttering something. Wendell nodded and reset his hat. 
"Ain't no picnic, all these doings, boys, and don't y'all forget it," Nate shouted. "Let this be a lesson-you get out of hand and you pay for it the hard way."
Panther-like screams and thrashing in one of the hanging sacks caused the rope gathering the top and knotted over the limb to wind and unwind like a tree swing.
Suddenly, coming alive from her stunned state, Tommy dashed from the bushes to the stairwell of the commissary, picked up Threet's shotgun and braced the stock against her right shoulder, sidling along the shadows of the wall with the barrel leading the way.
"No, Tommy, no." Merry Gay called low. "Don't. They'll kill you." She felt frozen in the wet bushes, trapped. Hypnotized. So much time to do something and she did nothing but call out no, no, no. Later, gauging the actions and moments, she knew there hadn't been time.
Tommy got off one bosh shot, aiming for the sacks in the tree, while running into the throng of men. Then she stumbled and fell face down before the Shirleys on their horses. Nate's chestnut gelding stepped back, front hooves together as if to begin bucking and stomping. 
Shirley shouted, "Hoo now!" leaning forward to see Tommy on the ground, on her face, peering up, not at him but at the sacks in the tree. "Shoot her, shoot her!" Nate Shirley shouted. "Shoot that nigger gal before she shoots me."
Merry Gay recalled in the melee the screams dying in the croaker sacks or the wind no longer howling and shots unnumbered but couldn't recall having stepped out from the bushes and running along the shot-pocked ground to where Tommy lay wheeling, propelled by her booted feet, twitching from the shots, vomiting and leaking blood through her brown eyelet poncho.
No sounds except the ringing in her ears, the cringing of her eardrums, Merry Gay dropped to the ground and caught Tommy's head and upper body in her arms, lifting her to her own chest and rocking as if to staunch her undignified spinning fit. 
"Stop it," Tommy gurgled through blood-so much red blood, not black and not white. "Stop it!" Tommy slapped at Merry Gay's face, at her breasts. Then she went limp, black eyes glaring in that broad white face.
Merry Gay laid her on the ground gently, stood and walked toward the stairs, expecting a shot in the back but beyond caring. She picked up the muddy red, white and blue flag with its splintered wood stake and began walking up the stairs. Walking in the gutted shadows of the forbidden bachelor quarters of the top story, rank with the smell of men and decorated with the lifeless bodies of men, and out to the balcony and the firelight.
Holding the flag high she stepped up to the wobbly wood banister, all eyes and guns below on her. She stood there a moment, begging her voice from a whisper deep inside, a target for real now, hair blowing in the wind like the flag. She could see Nate Shirley raise his left hand in the firelight to halt his men from shooting; Wendell beside him, on his horse, waiting for what he didn't know. She couldn't see Tommy from there; she tried not to.
 The parched bodies inside the smoking croaker sacks were still now but the sacks swayed like abandoned swings of children, or something mechanical out of synchrony. No, like what they were, sacks of parched bodies, so close she could smell their cooked flesh and excrement. 
She opened her mouth to speak, to tell about Priss, about Nate Shirley shooting her, but instead began singing, precious notes measured and rising from the leftover strains of the song on Sunday, gazing out at the clearing east sky of rose-streaked clouds and the long dawn.




EPILOGUE
The Militia maintained a semblance of order while the sheriff from Folkston conducted his investigation and made arrests. Jails in three Georgia counties-Charlton, Clinch and Ware-were filled, according to local records. Florida opened her boundary and permitted the sheriff, with National Guard reinforcement, to enter the Baxter community, barely across the state line from Moniac; there they captured twenty-one of the loyal Shirley men hiding out at the various houses and in the woods. Any state except Georgia they deemed safe territory apparently. The prisoners, under military guard, were taken by train to Jacksonville, Florida, for security. From the Bay Street Station they were marched to the Duval County jail under additional armed guard.
The Honorable Jackson Coffer of the U.S. Senate and C.C. Shert of the Florida State Senate launched a bail campaign for the men right away. Senator Coffer was vacationing in France at the time and his correspondence with Senator Shert provided much of the information for this feature on the massacre at Moniac Crossing. Also found among Senator Shert's letters and papers were several receipts for bail payments, lawyer fees, and family subsistence. None was ever repaid.
Senator Shert was joined by the influential St. Augustine merchant and legislator Roland Mason on a trip through the Florida and Georgia areas involved, advising against panic and cooperation. 
"Now, don't be witnessing against your neighbor just to get even," they reasoned. "Stay quiet and know nothing. Neither state will have a case against anybody if you all keep quiet."
And they did. The Charlton County Sheriff was heard to remark as he rounded up his suspects, "This ain't going to do nobody no good. They won't get anything out of them."
Buck and Charlie Rose and Mike Ruis were tried in Folkston on numerous charges, ironically none of which was homicide, though in the beginning Nathan Shirley threatened to have them hung for the shooting death of Priscilla Aden Shirley. The Roses had kin-people all over Charlton County and they showed up at the courthouse in Folkston on the day of the trial. All were armed and one nervous townsperson and county official was overhead to say, "If them Roses want to burn down the courthouse, I'll not only let'em I'll holp 'em strike the match."
 The Charlton County courthouse was a handsome frame structure. On court day, it was circled round by the Militia and hundreds of curious natives and out-of-towners. Nobody doubted for a moment that the relatives of the Moniac old-family men being tried would make good on their threats to burn the courthouse and shoot up the town if any were convicted. The trial was soon over and all were acquitted.
 A second trial for the murder of Tommy and Will Thomas, and the other Negroes killed at the commissary both nights, was of an even shorter duration: no determination could be made as to who fired the shots that killed them. The same was true of the boys rumored to have been smoked to death in the croaker sacks. Nobody saw a thing; nobody was talking. No bodies were found.
The tight-lipped attitudes of the witnesses frustrated the proceedings of justice, resulting in delays and re-scheduling. The new governor, it was rumored, owed much of his independent Democrat victory to certain strings skillfully pulled by Charlton and Ware county politicians. The Governor also had blood and in-law ties within the county. Perhaps, in view of those facts, it can be understood why he chose to help bog down what came to be known as the case of the Moniac Massacre in judicial loopholes and governmental red tape until it became a forgotten subject in Atlanta.
Mr. Nathan Shirley did not show up for the hearings and supposedly ended up near Madison, in North Georgia. Mr. Randolph Harrell came to Moniac Crossing from that area a decade later to set up a sawmill operation. Shirley strongly advised him not to go to Charlton County. "Those people there," he said, "they're crazy." 
Mr. Harrell answered, "Maybe, just maybe, it's how you treat people and approach them that makes the difference. You can't expect to become an insider with an outsider's mindset. The provinces of kings have long been built upon that simple wisdom."

***

Claude Miller steers his rust and blue pickup from the paved road onto the dusty dirt lane between the railroad tracks and the front row of houses on the west side of Moniac Crossing. On both sides of the tracks, pines have been limbed and treated for power poles, the tiered black wires an ideal place for the fat doves to perch. Crepe myrtles, between poles, are shouting, lush frilly pink blooms that look hot to the touch. Dried gourds for martin houses are strung up and crucified on crosses of wood, white against the blue sky. The ancient live oaks along the lane strike various poses, their trunks having been shaped by generations of wind and climbing children. Resurrection ferns growing along the branches, which are bigger than the average tree trunk, look dry as hay stubble from lack of rain. Up the tracks, veeing out to the piney woods, heat waves shimmer and almost allow for the ghost of a train, slow-moving, silent, at once heat-slunk and springing up on the numb turpentine camp at midday.
The wide commissary porch displays black and white turpentine hands, eating Vienna sausages, sardines, pickled eggs and pigs' feet, cheese and crackers. Dinnertime break from the turpentine woods. A faded American flag looks wilted atop its wooden pole on the roof peak of the second story. It's a sad fact that few people ever see the flag anymore, but that's the way of things inset on the atmosphere for so long and having little to do with the hard livelihood of the flatwoods. Georgia flag, Florida flag, they might notice, but being on the Bend, neither here nor there, the American flag will have to suffice-if that's the way the boss lady wants it-though it hardly seems to pertain. Politics, the law, history, geography, even reading and writing, are the responsibility and virtue of the educated man, opposite of the working man.
The burnt motor oil of Claude's pickup smells at odds with the cough-syrup odor of creosoted crossties, with the tangy resin in the barrels on back of a two-ton truck juddering past. Dust meeting dust as the gum truck brakes at the end of the lane, at the start of the paved road. But all else mingles in the heat like the present coming to pass, the before, now and after, the will-be and is ticking toward was, already history save for setting in print. There's a finger on the buzzer hum of locusts in the oaks across the tracks, and the crickets and grasshoppers click along the rail-bed borders of crisp sere grass parched daily by the hot wind of freight trains. Few people hear the insects, or the train, few people pay homage to the live oaks, older than the oldest of them.
One, Mrs. Randolph Harrell, stands in the double doorway of the dim commissary, on the hearth of daylight charged with chafe of cottonseed meal and dust. 
Claude Miller pulls his truck over into the shade of the commissary yard, broad leaves of the white oak cast in shadow on the swept dirt by the overhead sun. Getting out, he feels his reddish beard and what's left of his hair netting the dust furls of the truck's wake. His hair is the strange burnished beige color of a born redhead's gone gray.
The Negro hands are straggling from the porch, down the tall doorsteps-"How do?" They look weary but attuned to the proximity, the odd power, of an educated man on the place. But he is merely a little-town man, a simple man with simple needs. Why he can operate almost single-handed his own gutsy, gritty, money-glutting newspaper in Folkston.
Under the edge of the steps is an old wooden mallet bound in rusty bands of metal. And a piece off the mallet, a heavy, gritty concrete and sand tar cup, reminder of the metal shortage and the tar cup plant in Homerville during World War Two. Hard times then and turpentine exports almost came to a standstill. 
"Hot ain't it?" Claude says, standing aside while they step down. He can smell their musky sweat and the pine tar on their army green twills. It's a ripe odor he knows from having worked alongside them in the woods before college; he never smelled that rich, that rank, he was never quite the man. He'd spent about half his time growing up trying to lug buckets of gum without sounding winded. The other half he spent trying to attract women, till he figured, rightly so, that whatever inclination or drive he had was wasted on either.
Take for instance Merry Gay Rose, sixteen, seventeen years older than him. He had it all figured out at one point, or thought he did, how to make her love him. Then along came Mr. Harrell?and the rest is history as they say.
Merry Gay has aged into a large mannish woman with a kind, drooped face and short silver hair like a Christmas angel's, not the church-lady kind of do, but naturally wavy, neatly combed. Graying has a way of changing the texture of hair, but usually it changes coarse, curly hair, like Claude's, to straight and fine instead of the other way around, like Mrs. Randolph Merry Gay Rose Harrell's hair. He has seldom seen her without her uniform of boxy white pressed shirt and dark pants or skirt. She has never worn glasses; she has never worn a watch. Doesn't own a purse to her name. He has never seen her not-smiling, her small scalloped teeth ground down and yellowed only enough to be believably hers, real teeth. Her smile is all that's left of the face he fell in love with as a boy. Her frame of bones is what's left of that body.
There is no fire in his feelings for her now; no fire for anything unless it's fried catfish, corndodgers and grits, with lots of commissary wedge cheese. Makes his mouth water, thinking about it, and he hasn't been one hour having eaten dinner at the caf in Folkston before heading down to Moniac. A good story going in his head and another knocking on his skull to get in, he has a passion for that, or is it a lonesomeness for life lived off the page? He tests himself that way, standing there, and discovers he has more passions than he realized: hunting, fishing, riding dirt roads, camping out in the Okefenokee Swamp. Mostly his passions have to do with getting food or eating it. 
"What's got you out and moving in this heat?" she says. 
He grins like a suitor, holding to the left banister of the porch steps and pulling up, hand over hand. "Would you believe a soda water and a porch to sit on?"
"They must be fresh out in Folkston?" She slings her head, laughing. "Come on in. Soda water's on the house but you can pay for your own peanuts."
The scent of mowed grass steeps in the hot sun, claiming the dry hay smell of curing grass. 
Always, when he is with her, he tries to act older, closer to her age. So, now that he is finally really old he comes off decrepit, somebody's uncle, nobody's husband, body gone to ruin from lack of use. Soon, if he keeps up this act, he will have acted himself straight into a wheel chair. 
She sits in her large rocking chair with the cowhide bottom, her daddy's old chair, on the left side of the doorway. Claude ambles on inside, stepping up from the porch to the store floor with an exaggerated groan and one hand on his right knee. It's a habit, much as anything, a habit hard to break. Probably one of those annoying habits you are the last to notice and only a wife could break. One of those annoying habits that make you groan recalling all those times you have done it, and groaning over knowing comes off just as stupid.
Out West one time-hell, the only time!-he had stopped off at a Texas roadhouse for a bull-size grilled steak. Eating, paying, fishing a toothpick from one of those little shot glasses, he sauntered out picking his teeth. When he got in his truck, sinking his body now weighted with cow into the panned out place on the seat, he sat, picking his teeth and staring off at the fireball of sun guttering out on the treeless horizon. His pale green eyes had caught his image in the rear view mirror, teeth shining like a jackass's. 
 He goes over to the red drink box at the end of the mahogany-painted counter, opens the lid and fishes a cola from the stale icy water. She still picks chunks of ice from the blocks delivered by truck to cover the floated bottles of Orange Crush, R.C.'s, Coca Colas and Tab. He should have a diet cola; he takes an R.C. though. Pleasure is pleasure, he has found, whether it's scratching a mosquito bite or eating chocolate cake.
Opening the drink on the side of the box without looking at the cap-prying adder head, he closes his eyes to exercise his powers of observation and breathes in the smells of cheese, crackers, croaker sacks, dust, waxed paper, fly paper or maybe cane syrup. He opens his eyes. Yes, fly paper, spirals of the sticky black tape spinning in the draft of the droning paddle fan. He is surprised as always to see the old wood stove standing with its cat feet dug into the frame of littered white sand in the left corner at the back; the black metal tree of tiered bins filled with odd screws and nails; shiny lard cans; tin wash tubs; screened cover over a wheel of cheese. Standard commissary, if not for the owner.
She is rocking, fanning gnats and heat, waiting when he comes out on the porch again and takes the sturdy straight chair with the flat wood bottom next to hers. Spit cans filled with sand between chairs and walls lined with wide plank benches that have been there as long as he can remember. North end of the porch is a rusty old kerosene drum with a hinged bonnet of corrugated metal and perforated pump on top. He's pumped many a galvanized bucket of kerosene for lamps, though he'd never tell his age by telling that. Not that he is vain in that way, but who wants to hear it, this day and age?
Raring so that his pale buckskin boots clear the floor, he takes a long swig of the R.C., checks the level in the neck and sets it between his stout thighs. Then he tears open the cellophane pack of Tom's roasted peanuts with his capped teeth and shuffles about a third of the pack into the bottle, watching them fizz. "I put the quarter on the counter by the cash register, okay?"
He drinks, and then chews. There's a slight bay-scented breeze out of the south but it's hot. 
"So?" she says.
"So that's what you said do, pay for the peanuts."
"No, I meant why are you here?"
"Oh!" He blushed, drank some R.C. to cool his face. "What did you think about the piece in Sunday's paper?'
No answer. She seems spellbound by the goings on across the tracks, though nothing out of the ordinary is going on that he can detect at first. Then he spies an old lady in a blue duster and white tennis shoes walking in the flocked shadows of the oaks sheltering the lane. Arms by her side and swinging. The houses facing the tracks are mixed old and new but all are painted and neat with borders of flowers growing from mowed lawns. Few fences now, unlike in the old days, but there are still plank benches built around a couple of the old oaks. The big house where he was raised at the end of the lane up the tracks still sports its white picket fence. Gone are the house paints in shades of yellow with brick red and green trim though there are a few brown doors remaining. The old Miller house is still the biggest, the grandest, where Roberta hails from on this fine afternoon. 
He had kind of hoped that Merry Gay wouldn't have been able to see him from here a while back acting the fool with Roberta's wheelchair. She had just got home from the hospital, sick with her heart, and he'd no sooner got her settled in bed than she put in to go out on the front porch. He figured then it was probably her new medicine acting up-the doctor had warned him about side effects, said she might become irrational, but what else was new? 
So Claude had loaded her up in her new wheelchair and pushed it out on the porch, parked it next to one of the big white rockers and sat down in the chair. Her yard, still fenced in with white pickets, was an exhibit of junk she called antiques: cast-iron wash pot, plow stocks, an anvil, a wagon wheel. Roberta always did like her history run through a strainer, collecting the old ways from the old days and throwing out the rest. Why she read those trashy romances-sex in abstract-and watched the soaps. Readers Digest she considered serious literature.
 Claude had been known to indulge her and her historical society by writing about surface stuff like cane-grindings and quilting bees. When he wrote in 1973 about the Supreme Court ruling lifting the ban on abortions, she hadn't read it; if she had she would have made him write a retraction, if not a retraction then an apology to the good ladies of the historical society for printing the unspeakable. So, this story about the Moniac massacre would be his first test of her reaction to fact.
But back to the wheelchair incident: they had been sitting watching the squirrels cutting capers in the live oak out front when Roberta suddenly stood and toddled off toward the tall brick doorsteps and hugged the spooled newel porch post in her path. 
"Travis, you come back here?" she hollered out toward the empty lane running to woods. "Hear me, you come back here. You meet that woman at the hunting cabin one more time and I'll fix you both."
Claude had set out after her the second she left the chair, but when he got to where she was hugged up to the porch post, she was already sliding down to the floor. He approached her from behind like something wild and caught her under both arms, lifting her up and trying to stand her on her feet. The heels of her furry pink booties were all that was touching the floor when she lay into him with her toes sticking up and him dragging her backwards toward the wheelchair. 
She was out of her head, talking crazy, stuff Claude never wanted to know, would have been happier not knowing. He wanted to clamp a hand over her mouth but he had to hold on to her till he could get her in the wheelchair again. Problem was, every time he would reach out for it, the sucker would roll. It rolled to the north end of the porch and he dragged her over there, trying to reach it with his foot. One touch and it shot southward like a star, or like a lizard whose tail you have touched only to see it flash out of eyesight.
Again, he set out after the chair, dragging Roberta, limp and mumbling about Travis and that woman like she was talking in her sleep. Said she had seen them together at the old hunting cabin and knew for a certainty that that baby was his. 
Claude touched the toe of his right brown loafer to the chair wheel and again it shot off like a rocket to the southwest corner of the railing. "If that ain't the dangdest ball bearings I ever heard tell of!"
Almost there, almost to the chair finally hemmed up between a potted fern and the spoked railing, dragging Mama ever step and about to pass out from the chase, and she just sat down on the floor with her legs spread like a doll twisted to sitting position, crying and begging somebody whose name he couldn't make out and didn't want to make out to forgive her for shooting Jean after she shot Bernice.
 A screen door slams somewhere up the tracks. Children call out and laugh. Dogs bark. Roberta is still struggling along the lane, other side of the tracks. Whites still live on the east side and blacks on the west side. Some things never change.
"Here she comes," Merry Gay says. 
 "You did read it?" He is reading her face in profile, while she fans, lost in its contradictory vulnerability and strength. The fan sends whispers of earth scents his way, plus Merry Gay's share of the gnats.
"Didn't have to read it since I'm the one gave you the story."
He drinks, chews, says, "Yes ma'am, you got a point there." But he's disappointed-seventy-three and he can still be disappointed as a boy showing his first paper to his teacher. 
"I did read it though." She stops fanning and looks at him with those filmed-over huckleberry eyes. Still those dilated pupils of the passionate young. "You did a fine job telling it like it was. Didn't leave out a thing I could tell. Roberta hasn't spoken to me since."
He plops both boot soles down on the floor and ditches his elbows on his knees. Cold drink in his right hand and the cellophane peanut pack rolled at the top and placed in his blue-striped shirt pocket. "I hate that, I do. Cussfire if I don't! Said she didn't like you telling me I'm really Jean and Anse's boy."
They watch her across the tracks, crabbing on along the lane, in full sun now. Elbows cocked and on a mission. Every so often she waves at nobody, like an insane woman escaped from the state asylum in Milledgeville. But it's the gnats.
Rumor of a train up the track. And from the swamp south down the tracks come the sounds of  dipping irons rapping on metal gum buckets, followed by the clunking of buckets being dumped into the oak-stave barrels. Men used to identifying themselves as I or me, us or we, and not their own names, call them out anyway to receive credit from the tally man for each bucket of gum dipped and dumped, though the names don't want to go anywhere and fall false on their ears.
On the way in to Moniac after noon, Claude had admired their handiwork: the shiny new tins tacked to the streaked cat-faces of the pines, all facing east to catch the sunrise. Of course the faces would yield more gum when sun-struck. Any turpentine man, or woman, in this case, with a lick of sense knows that, but how many warm to the beauty of the new tin?  
Merry Gay says, "Roberta didn't like me talking, period." 
"It didn't change anything, you know that."
"You're hers sure as Tommy belonged to my mama."
"I couldn't love her any more," he says and laughs. "I'm just messing with her-what keeps her going."
"What keeps her going is bossing the whole place." Merry Gay waves a slender bony hand out in an arc before her face.
He sits straight, checks his R.C. for the salty peanuts that give it fizz and cuts the sweet taste. He drinks; he chews. Then the ritual of shaking nuts into the neck of the bottle and rolling down the pack, so forth and so on starts over. "Power goes to some people's heads."
A green pickup whips in at the lane and rips past the commissary, dust wheels chasing it.
"We get along generally, me and Roberta. We keep order."
"Sounds like somebody else we both know."
"We just bought out the ones selling out anyway." She fanned. "Rather have a new car, mobile home, most of them."
"I know. You and Mama's been the saving of this place. Wasn't for y'all the big timber companies would have taken over away back."
Roberta is trudging up the rail bed, stopping and waving gnats as she squints up the tracks.
 Dozens of white children dash from the yards to the tracks and line up close as they dare on the east side and that many more black children on the west side, laughing, shouting, jumping on and off of the nearest rail. Always a surprise, the dark freight train embodies all sound, all motion, clips Roberta from view as surely as if the engine has swept her south along the tracks like a wayward cow. It is a monstrous roar, a calamity of socketed rattles and clanks, the sure limit of the human ear's endurance without jolting blank the brain. Belching burnt diesel and smelting iron, the train has maybe twelve empty cars-black with a red caboose as faded as the two women and the flag rotting in the high sun. 
The trains have long ago quit stopping at Moniac Crossing and the depot platform on the south end of the commissary has been torn down. A once-prized Hoover buggy with flat rubber tires, dip-wagon relic of the Forties, sits forgotten, stove-in wood body gathering leaves and trash. In a patch where the depot once stood no grass or weeds will grow, but one mimosa with fuzzy pink blooms thrives like corn. Cola caps and snuff lids seem to hatch from the dead dirt like fleas when it rains. It's a poor man's pavement.
Claude and Merry Gay wait until the train passes, then resume talking the way people do who are used to train breaks.
 "You know, before long Roberta and I will both have to retire from the Savannah Cotton Exchange board. Too old and too ornery to make the trip, for one thing. Besides, old biddies like us have no business helping set market prices that affect the whole world. We'll both have to step down, generally speaking, then the big timber companies will take over here unless you?" 
"No ma'am," he laughs, sets his empty bottle down easy next to his chair. Long pause. "I'm a newspaper man; don't aim to do anything else." 
"We need a newspaper here. Good for keeping at the truth of things." 
He leans forward and crosses his ankles so that the soles of his boots turn out. "What y'all need is a good accountant, you and Mama. Y'all can't count." He demonstrates with a checkmark chopping motion of his left hand. "I'm seventy-three years old and looks to me like y'all are gonna outlive me by a few years. I'm thinking about putting Mama in my will." He takes off his glasses and holds them up to the light to check for smudges and spatters likely put there either while he was eating at some caf or piddling along some side street. Roberta steps into the dirty, warped bubbles of glass. 
 The locusts are humming again; the crickets are clicking along the tracks. The caboose had barely passed before the children from both sides met on the tracks to throw rocks and chase after it. Roberta is trudging up to the rail bed, hot wind from the train having freed gray wisps from the scant bundle of hair on her nape and a small spotted dog is yapping at her heels. Her body is thick but her legs and arms are sticks. All that was hard about her has gone soft, soft as mush, but she still speaks feisty and steps quick though listing leftward, frowning and correcting as if calling her stubborn self back. It could take a while. 
"Ain't nobody else, so you really don't have any choice," Merry Gay says low. "The rest of them are long gone from here and Mr. Harrell and I were never blessed with children."
"My brothers and sisters. Yep, scared to death they're gonna get stuck with Mama and who can blame them?" He does blame them, some days he does. "No, ma'am, I guess I never did have a choice."
A slow white car passes. The brown woman driving waves, they wave.
Merry Gay finalizes it by patting her chair arm with the flat of her left hand. "It'll all fall in place if you do your part."
Roberta is within earshot now, though practically deaf, so they wait on the porch, looking down and off but not at her, not speaking to her. They will wait till she steps into the straightedge of the eave shadow before they look at her. The dog is gone, running sleek and low back across the tracks to greet the gang of white children now playing hopscotch under the oaks. The black children are still down the tracks, train forgotten and on another lark.
"Reckon how they're taking to integration?" he asks Merry Gay.
"Can't tell. School's a whole lot different from chasing trains on the same track."
"Bout the only way it's gonna work, in my estimation, is to put the younguns in charge and let em do what comes natural." He waves his left hand out, still looking off but not at Mama.
Merry Gay laughs. "You know better."
"Well, look at you and Tommy." He wrenches round to eye her and not have to eye his mama, moving up to the doorsteps.
"Tommy and I?well, that was different. We were raised in the same house, had the same color of skin. What if we'd been raised on the west side of the tracks, the situation turned around, and I was white but had dark skin, both of us? It would have likely turned out the same. But it was Mama made it work, by example. Either that or my mindset that Tommy was white. I can't recall when I found out she wasn't, not blood-white, but I do recall that we didn't play with the children across the tracks. Not really. Not anymore than those children out there right now. It's born into you to know where you fit, and you fit where you are."
Claude stands tall. "Mama," he says loud and bows his head. Rimming his warped brown belt with his thumbs, he shuffles his feet as if getting set to dance with her.
A radio north of the commissary, west side of the tracks, is competing, a snappy country song. 
"Claudie." Roberta's white tennis shoes look as if they've absorbed the sunrays. The flesh of her broad shoulders has worn down to bone. She looks silly in the dainty blue duster with tiny pink embroidered flowers on the yoke. She reminds Claude of a pine stump that has melted away to hardened snags and heart.
 Too, the way she says Claudie makes him drop about sixty years, and he is back, he and his brothers, smoking under the white, many-winged Miller house he can see clearly at the end of the lane eastside of the tracks. She was waiting with a switch when they crawled out, dazed, dirty and barefoot. Somehow they had held for one day a notion, a fiction, that they could escape her. Maybe the nicotine did it. Before she could catch hold of a one of them, they squirreled up a pecan tree in the back yard, refusing to come down. God help him, Claude had even laughed. She wheeled and went inside and before he could draw in his lips to a grimace of almighty fear she was there with her shotgun and enough birdshot to keep them picking steel from their backsides as a pastime till they were grown men.
"How are you, Roberta?" Merry Gay fans, rocks, indulges a long breath. 
When she has pulled herself up to the top step, close enough they can smell her talcum, Roberta speaks to Claude. "Tell her I'm fine under the circumstances."
He turns up the volume. "Mama, Mrs. Harrell didn't tell me the story to cause trouble. I'd already figured I wasn't yours and Daddy's by blood."
"That's not it, Claude," Merry Gay shouts for Roberta's benefit, though not speaking to her. "Not exactly."
He flushes with fear that Merry Gay is about to tell him she knows that Roberta shot Jean, or that he's a Miller for real. For a fact, Roberta may have told her though she never remembered telling him after the run-away wheelchair episode and he's decided to keep what he knows to himself: the story has been written and that's the way it will stand.
One minute the white children across the tracks are playing and laughing, and next minute they are quarreling, pairing off. 
"It was a lie you put in there about me being weak." Roberta waves at gnats with a roll of her right wrist.
"Not weak, Mama, sick. You were sick. I think I made that clear."
"Same difference."
"You never overed it, did you, Roberta? You never overed letting Mama and Jean down." Merry Gay is no longer fanning but she is still rocking. Stiff as a corpse. Then she adds low, almost mumbling, "Say you were scared and not sick, who'd have blamed you?"
	To keep Mrs. Harrell from being shot out of a tree, Claude speaks up. "You didn't let anybody down. You didn't have a thing to do with what happened that night, Mama. Sit down, will you? Sit down before you fall down." 
"If I wanted to sit down I would. And if I'd of wanted it told, I'd of told it. We all would." Roberta shakes her finger in his face. "And don't go giving me that bit about the truth. Ask her this...ask her who's better off for her having talked to you and you writing the whole thing down for the world to see?"
"Who's worse off, Roberta? Who's worse off for me telling what happened?" Merry Gay sits forward, holding her knees.
Their loud voices are a familiar shock like the trains.
"Son, that's what comes from marrying an educated Yankee." Roberta is swaying on her feet; pale with the liver pieds on her face standing out. She was ninety-five last birthday and has congestive heart failure. Several times she has died and been brought back to life. Still she refuses to sign one of those orders not to resuscitate. Over her dead body, she says.
"Mr. Harrell was not a Yankee, and since when is it a sin to be educated?" Merry Gay rocks hard, paddling the floor with her woven straw sandals.
Roberta's pupils grow larger and her nickel-colored irises shimmer iridescent as mosquito hawk wings. "Tell her I didn't say it was a sin, son. Tell her I don't begrudge her marrying an outsider. Tell her I never wanted you to know your real mama was crazy and have you wonder if you'd end up the same way." She gives him a saved-up tender look and drops her hiked shoulders. "I didn't want you to use your mama-or your daddy for that matter-as some excuse to just slide by in life." 
Spitting, sputtering, she turns on Merry Gay.  "Education!  You wanta talk education? Look who put all four younguns through school after her husband dropped dead on her." 
"Roberta, you're gonna give yourself a stroke." Merry Gay starts to stand, but only perches on the edge of her chair, hands clasped between her knees. "It's written, it can't be unwritten."
"I'd as soon we left it alone and moved on. Now everybody and his brother'll be hounding us. Looking at us to talk."
"I had to do it, Roberta. I had to do it and I can't say why exactly. Only that it didn't matter anymore whether I talked about it or not."
They were talking to each other now with Claude only listening in, innocently, leisurely polishing his glasses in dainty circles with his white handkerchief and those blocky hands.
 "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me it was for the sake of history, like this boy here did. I don't buy that, not for a minute."
"It was the right thing to do, Roberta, the right time. Would you rather we went on just not talking, leaving Moniac Crossing with a legacy of its people having been stubborn fools? You and me, we're the only ones left living to tell it like it was, and we won't be around much longer to give the straight of it. Remember I lost a mother and a sister, and Priss? I have my own guilt over that night. Or I did. I might have stopped Tommy, but I don't think I'd have stopped her from what was coming anyway. I'd have done nothing but slow it down."
"I don't want to hear that if you're about to start in on fate and all that pagan stuff again."
"The will of God, I've told you that before."
"Well, it was the devil made you tell this boy here all that dirty stuff about the Shirley boy, Jay. And of all things, to lay it to his own mama, saying she was the one told you."
"Mama, I didn't even write that. You were reading between the lines a bit, weren't you?"
"But she told you, didn't she?"
"Not as much as you think, I don't imagine. If nothing else, I was circumspect in what I chose to write."
Roberta socks her fists on her boxy hips and sets her square jaw. "That's all I've got to say on the subject." She pinches her right thumb and pointer finger together and draws a line along her thin pale lips, snapping her head to one side to show her lips are now zipped. End of discussion.
Suddenly it comes to Claude in a chill of heat that the bottled-up story was what had kept them both going, hashing it over, debating it, harboring it. Their present is the past and has been since the massacre. And now that it has been let, like blood, they can die. Having passed it on to him-and who else would care, who else would take hold?-they can both die.
He'd been fairly sure Roberta wouldn't last after her most recent bout with her heart in the Macclenny hospital; she had run through all the Georgia doctors, after having fallen out with them about her salt. Then she had started on Florida, and Claude figured there wasn't much need in getting too used to the place because she was already referring to the doctor as "him" and the hospital as "in here."
All day long her vital signs had been dropping and her doctor said she probably wouldn't live through the night. She looked dead already, her body a straight mound under the sheet, arms and worn-to-the-bone hands like potato rakes. Not moving and yellowed where her skin was showing. Comatose, but her eyeballs were twitching under crepe lids.  
Claude had pulled up a chair to her bed and stretched out as best he could and he lay watching her as he fell asleep, a light dozing state in which he could hear the nurses talking up the hall and their soft-soled shoes creeping like cats past the door they'd left ajar.
Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his right shin and sat up to see Roberta sitting up on the edge of the bed, eyes about half-open and mean as a snake's.
"Mama, what in the world!" he said, laughing at the miracle wrought by all the money she'd been sending to Oral Roberts maybe.
"I'm fixing to get up and go find me something to eat. A body would starve on what they feed you in here."
She huffs on into the commissary now, listing toward the left doorjamb and a handhold. She groans, stepping up. In a second, the pressurized cooler door slams and she is back with a pound of butter pressed to one sallow sagged cheek. "Put it on my account," she says and steps down, right white tennis shoe waiting for the left to join it. New white canvas shoes, her sole extravagance.
"What account?" Merry Gay shouts.
"By the way," Roberta yells in that curdled voice, "one of your cows got hit by the train up there at Bamburg Brake."
"How do you know it was mine and not yours?" Merry Gay shouts with her hands each side of her mouth.
"Because it's dead." Roberta cackles out, walking on.
"Y'all need to put up some fences." Claude sits again.
And again they watch her labor up the sloped leftward-listing path worn to a sandy trench by her tennis shoes and step high over the wheel-shined tracks, sun like water darting along the jointed rails. Some woman from either the second or third house-row in the east calls out, "Jimbo! Allen! Y'all come on." A car whizzes past on the highway south of the commissary.
"Mama, I swear!" Claude says to himself and looks down at his stiff freckled hands latched between his parted legs. "I wouldn't hurt her for the world. I'm crazy about her, Daddy too?Travis. I used to follow him ever step he took."
"Travis was a good man, overbearing, but good as they come. Did me good to see him move back in on his old homeplace."
"She got mad as fire when I asked her on the phone yesterday about my real daddy, what happened to him."
Merry Gay takes it as a question. "He gave the sheriff the slip, as they say, just dropped off the face of the earth seems like."
Alone, together, they easily lapse into what people call southern dialect, the cracker tongue of their raising. Whatever, it's not for lack of knowing better, it's simply comfortable, heart to heart, porch talk. Fitting in.
"No hearing from him or nothing, right?"
"Not that I know of. No. I know not."
"If I had it to do over with I wouldn't write it." 
"You would, if it killed you and her both you would."
They watch the pyramid shadow of the commissary inch toward the tracks. A crop dusting plane is dipping and rising, buzzing the blue sky, then gone beyond the woods. But the bitter chemical mist remains. 
"I reckon so," he says and rares again, crossing his hairy brown-spatched arms over his loose round belly. "I'd leave some stuff out though. Like you did." He stares at Merry Gay, cool and calm now in the heat. White scalloped teeth showing but not smiling as she gazes out at Roberta gimping along home. 
"Is that why you're here, tying up loose ends, so to speak?"
"Part of it." The other part he won't tell as he had planned. To keep from telling, he turns the question transfigured into a statement back on her. "I do wonder why you stayed quiet until now, why you waited all those years to tell your story."
"Nothing noble if that's what you're looking for. Let's just say I was tying up some loose ends too."
"What ever happened to Jay Shirley?" 
"Jay Shirley." She laughed. "I absolutely had to stop and think a minute to recollect the name-a dangerous thing to do and him so evil. Some said Jay came home later, after the Militia showed up and things were beginning to shape up; some of the Negroes claimed he showed up in a skirt and a blond wig the night of the fires." She laughed. "Anyway when he got home, he had a son born, a niece dead-so much changed since he took off downtown at the train depot in St. Augustine that evening. But that's just my thinking, how I'd look at it. Not how it was maybe?like everything else I told?close as I could get at the truth."
A tall gauche-faced black man in black rubber boots strides up the lane this side of the tracks. He has a hand-rolled cigarette stuck in one corner of his lips, smoking without touching it with his fingers. "Home middle of the evening again," Merry Gay says. "Just ain't cut out for the woods."
She stands, stepping to the square hewed post next to the porch steps and leaning into it with her hips cocked. "Hey, you! Coot Harris! You knocking off early again?"
The man turns, shielding his eyes from the sun and its reflection on the tin roof. "Bear-caught." He laughs, stumps at the hard white dirt with his boot toe. Decades of crushed glass shards glitter like mica. 
"Wouldn't be you're trying to keep from working that cypress slew down the tracks, would it?"
"Nome, ain't that." The cigarette looks stuck to his lips, still smoking on its own. 
"You go on home now. Get your stuff and come back by for your wages. Hear?"
"Yessum, bosslady." He slumps off, then breaks into a gait almost loping.
She sits again. "Roberta had the same trouble with him. Bad to drink, then can't work."
Claude rests his head on the wall behind him. "Them moccasins in that slew, I don't blame him."
"Dry time like this is about the only time we can dip those boxes."
"At least the mosquitoes have let up. But these gnats?" He blows at the busy specks flying around his eyes, nose, ears and arms. Really, they tickle his neck like feathers.
Cottony clouds drift in the blue sky above the tree tops eastside of the tracks. The chemical mist from the crop duster has lifted or burned off, and in its place is the green-peanut scent of cooling earth and oak-moss. It is that slow time, of an evening in Moniac, between trains, between customers, and he would like nothing better than to sit and count the tine marks on the raked dirt. Maybe count the leaf shadows of the old white oak, or the seconds till the katydids begin shrilling in the woods. See how close he can come to guessing, for no reason, no purpose. He would like to stay close to Merry Gay and listen to the sun ticking on the tin roof a while longer without reason or purpose. 
He can absolutely and for certain feel that settling in of only-love in old age. And it seems like enough, compensation for all those years and years of longing. Longing for rapture. First love, last love. Did you ever know I loved you?love you?
"I'm sorry," he said.
"Sorry for what?"
"Sorry I used to spy on you."
She laughed. "I started to go to your mama."
"Why didn't you?"
"It was harmless; you'd grow out of it."
"I thought I was in love with you." He didn't say for how long.
"Love?"
At thirteen he'd thought about stepping out in front of a train on the off-chance that she might take pity and sing at his funeral. He's never heard her sing, only heard about her singing. In part, that was the intrigue, he guesses. But it was sexual too: it was love at first breast-sighting, it was love at first arm-brushing; it was heat in the groin and in the heart.
"This writer by the name of Marquez," he says, "claims that unrequited love, and not happy love, is what makes the world go round."
Her eyes search out his eyes. "Hum, interesting." 
Peeping on her, once, he had tripped on his shoe strings, giving away his hiding place between the honeysuckle vine and her bedroom window, four houses down from his own. But she'd only crossed her arms over her white chemise-clad breasts and stepped to the window. "Are you okay, honey?"
He had walked around for days trying to make "honey" into a sweetheart's endearment, honey with a capital "H", though he knew it was lower-case. "honey" was what his mama called him when he was on her good side.
Like after cemetery cleanings with the whole community there and he started putting two and two together and coming up with four. Too many graves with the same death dates, and the holy hush that would come over them-the old ones-when they hoed stinging nettles and prickly pears from those graves. One, Ewell (Samson) Elton, had only the word "hero" engraved on his headstone. Everybody else was "Asleep in Jesus." Claude would ask his mother what happened to the people buried there and she would say, "When you're older, honey." 
And his birth-date: too close to his youngest brother's to be born one after the other; not close enough to be twins. He hadn't known who he belonged to then but it wasn't the mean-loving, hard-working, honest people he lived with.
For something to say to Merry Gay Rose and because he could sense she was smart and wise, he had finally asked her about the co-incidence of death dates in the cemetery at the Methodist Church. Her reply could have been, Get lost, kid! for all he could recall because at the time he asked her she was bathing naked in the creek swimming hole with her arms crossed over her breasts again. He'd thought to throw her off guard by happening up out of the palmettos from which he might have been plucked shortly after hatching, but instead he was shocked senseless by the sight of those pink-tipped creamy mounds on her chest before she got shocked by the sight of her red-headed Peeping Tom.
Really, he had no longer cared at that moment-for years even-why the duplicated death dates on the headstones. He no longer cared where he'd come from, only where he was bound; nestled deep between those breasts in her bed which he had come to know like his own from peeping. He couldn't go lower on the human anatomy, hadn't the smarts or sensitivity for that yet, so in his fantasy he only slept while she stroked his hair.
Later, at sixteen or seventeen, he would come to know that he had lost her the day that Mr. Randolph Harrell showed up at the train depot at Moniac Crossing. Tall, dark, handsome? No. He was short and stocky like Claude himself, but bold and bald where Claude was timid but blessed with a full head of hair. Red curls that drove Merry Gay Rose crazy! She couldn't keep her hands out of his hair. So, it was no wonder that he fantasized about her stroking his hair and got hair all mixed up with the other thing, even after he'd found out that she would marry the wealthy, though bald, Mr. Randolph Harrell. Even after Claude had been educated into the thrill of loving women after dark.
His education came from his first night peeping on the couple and it must have been not too long after she got married. Lady that she was, it would have taken a while for her to get that wanton with Mr. Harrell. The muslin curtains at his favorite peeping window to her bedroom-their bedroom now-were drawn, but a convenient gap had been left just for him it seemed. What with the drawn curtains and the dark outside, he could rest easy that he wouldn't be discovered and so enjoy the show. Hell, they had the gas light on! 
Every so often he had to touch his curls to bring himself around from having spirited into the body of Mr. Harrell, sitting buck naked in the middle of the bed, facing Mrs. Harrell, who was finally naked and oblivious of Claude viewing for pleasure, at his leisure, her fine jouncing breasts. Their legs were locked about each other's hips, groin to groin, both of their hands spread behind them for support and gazing into the other's glazed-over eyes. Smiling, not talking, thrusting from the hips. 
Next night when Claude came to watch again, the unbearable heat in his groin area had been cooled by the closed gap between the curtains and the fact that they were quarrelling. He didn't hang around to find out about what. He expected that Mr. Harrell with his bags would be at the train depot the following morning.
But that night they were loving again, and Claude was forced to listen to the bedsprings squeaking, the headboard knocking against the wall, and Mrs. Harrell moaning like the wind in a chimney.
Hearing made him crazier than seeing! It was a wonder he hadn't been snake bit working in the woods during the day, he was so blind. He had heard that could happen from spilling his seed on the ground. There was a whole garden of unplanted little Millers under her window. 
And so it went, one night they would be fighting and the next night they would be loving. Capping off his education, Claude surmised that love abounds from bouts of anger and passion.
Still, he often considered adultery, risking hell and all for her. He had to quit peeping though; like everybody else in the community he was too scared of "the bossman." But for different reasons, he'd recently learned. Moniac folk feared a repeat of Nathan Shirley and treated their dogs kinder than they treated Mr. Randolph Harrell.
How did Mrs. Randolph Harrell handle them? With a smile until her husband could prove himself to be on their level. He tended to his own business, swept around his own back door, hampering the etched-in-oak habits of the red-headed Peeping Tom. 
The late Mr. Randolph Harrell even earned the respect and admiration of one Mr. Claude Miller: he was a simple man with simple needs.

***

Claude's chair legs clank to the wide pine floor, shaking it. He cackles out. "Yaa Lordy! And y'all want me to take over the land and turpentine timber, mollycoddling a bunch of drunks with better sense than to wade out in a hammock of moccasins? Tell me, why would I?why?" He stops to study her face; she isn't laughing, she isn't even studying on an answer, not to that question. The real question is laid bare. Serious of a sudden, he turns it into a statement: "You never told me if Nathan Shirley ever found out he killed his own granddaughter."
"Off the record or on?"
"Off the record, I promise." He raises his right hand as much for his own sake as hers: if he swears, he will never tell it, never write it. Secretly he is swearing too not to tell her about Travis and Jean, about Roberta shooting Jean. He feels like a traitor, a friendly betrayer, but why complicate Merry Gay's hard-earned understanding by pointing out another angle to the story for her to reflect on the rest of her born days? 
For instance, Jean had to have had a lethal injury to another part of her body besides her mouth, unless she allowed Roberta to stick the barrel of the pistol into her mouth, which didn't make sense and Jean a raving maniac. Or what if Roberta spurred on by jealousy and nerves that night had decided to set Jean free to wander, to get killed or lost, by ripping loose the boards from the back door her own self and Jean had surprised her, standing there with a pistol ready to blast Roberta to Kingdom Come? What if Roberta had caught Jean's wrist, say, trying to wrestle the gun from her and Bernice had happened by and tried to help and got shot accidentally?
 So many ways to tell the story, so much he'd never know. He would give a pretty to know what had happened that night between Jean and Roberta or maybe between Travis and Anse-mix it up among any of the four. He would never know. But he did know that anybody who had killed, for whatever reason, that night had long been absolved: not-guilty of going mad, maybe doing in his or her own heart what was there all along, but may never have been carried out under normal circumstances. If the dead could talk, there would probably be hundreds of different stories from those who died that night or died afterwards, taking with them to their graves their own versions of what really happened, how it all went. But one thing was clear-the women had been at war too that night. Two of them still were. 
"Well, did Nathan Shirley find out he shot Priss or not?"
"He did find out." Merry Gay shifts in her chair, resting her head on the back with her eyes closed. The hollow of her throat sucks in like weathered rubber with each threat of heartbeat. "I told him."
"Out of revenge for Tommy's death, I guess."
"Partly. Partly to bribe him into using his influence to get my brothers and a bunch more out of trouble."
She sits up, opening her eyes to find him staring at her aghast. Not breathing, waiting for the rest of it with a look of dread. "Swear," she says.
"I swear." His right hand is still raised and his fingers are growing numb. His tongue feels numb but his brain is on fire. 
"I blackmailed him into leaving and giving back our land. I told him I would tell exactly how he shoved through the door of the dining car and began shooting through the lavatory door without making sure who was in there. I told him I would see to it his family, every last member, knew him for the scoundrel he was. I would tell his new wife about how he had Tommy shot down like a dog after his cows. I would tell about him paying off some poor old broke farmer to keep word from spreading that Jay had raped his wife while she lay dead on her kitchen table. I said more, I said a lot more that I probably never will remember and don't need to. I know I threatened to go to the governor with what I knew about him sliding over landlines and taking advantage of landowners by getting them in debt to him and then foreclosing.
"He, Shirley, had this little compass he kept in his pocket and he would go along the lines of adjoining landowners. He used it to gauge the old lines' trajectory, he said. Nine times out of ten, he would swear the lines were off, in his favor. If the landowners had the time, money or power to prove he'd lied, which was rare, Shirley would blame it on his little compass; he'd shake it, put it to his ear like a pocket watch, and say, 'Well, I be dang! Old contrary thing. I guess I oughta break down and buy me a new one. No hard feelings, bud.'"
"My lord! My lord!" Claude feels flushed and breathless. Suddenly fearing to look at her, he has to look, to check?for what he doesn't know except maybe for some change. She looks the same, she looks redeemed. 
The sun is going down behind the commissary; the men are coming in from work. Screen doors slam. Supper's cooking-bread, it smells like buttermilk biscuits to Claude. The commissary porch seems set back in its own shadow, in its own woodsy nook. 
 "Sorry cuss used to have his men pour water over capped barrels of resin to make them weigh more at the market." She shook her head as if to rid herself of static from memory interference. "I even got hold of some land records with plats showing where he'd moved lines. Foreclosure information only a fool would write down, much less hang onto." She glares at Claude, just shy of an old lady's iron frown. "But best of all I got the compass."
"How?"
"Now Mr. Miller," she laughs out, shifting in her chair to face him as if to be done with the spot where she'd been sitting stiff, straight and serious for so long. Or perhaps to change the mood. "If I told you that you'd think I'm a hussy." 
"A hussy! You! I doubt it." He laughs too though he, for one, is not done with serious questions, serious conversation.
"I did what I set out to do and that's all." She turns in her chair again, facing out and waiting for the train they hear north up the track, maybe meaning by "that's all" that she's ready for him to go.
 "So that's what broke Nathan Shirley and broke his hold on this place!"
 And then the smile, her face wan in the spent daylight. "Let's just say it was the price he had to pay for my last song."


???


Acknowledgments 



The late Gene Barber did the original, factual research for this novelized rendering of the true story, "The Baxter Rebellion." His scintillating newspaper piece by that title was published in 1977 in his hometown of Macclenny, in north Florida. I didn't read it until three decades later, and then I lost track of it. But my cousin Robert Daugharty, and my friend Morris Smith, the real history finders and keepers, kept me in copies. They believed in my clairvoyant and narrative powers, in my insight into the hearts of these ordinary fictional people doing the best they can till they can do better.
I'm very grateful to them for their faith in me. 
Thanks also to Billy Langdale for his wonderful stories and to his brother Harley Langdale, Jr., my favorite turpentine man, for sharing his experiences and knowledge of turpentine and trains. Thank you to Ed Connell, my neighbor, for inspiring the big-hearted story about Hoss Rose building a coffin for a friend; and to Andy Hall for sharing his humorous stories about the sad life-endings of his ancient grandparents-nobody can tell it better than Andy! 
As for my own research, I did it the fun way, most of it, by visiting our local Agrirama, a reconstructed rural village in Tifton, Georgia, depicting farm life in the early 1900's; not only are the physical details authentic but you can smell the dirt and sawdust, hear train whistles and donkeys braying.
 As ever, my husband Seward lavished me with images, information and detail. And then there's Laney, my then-nine-year-old granddaughter, who literally stood behind me and breathed down my neck while I worked on this novel. She forced me to concentrate harder, to go deeper inside, and to keep it clean. 


?