Twenty-One Year Rule
Rule Series Book 3



Alaina Stanford



Twenty-One Year Rule
By Alaina Stanford
Published by Alaina Stanford for Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Alaina Stanford for Smashwords
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written permission of the author.






Acknowledgements

Kevin, the love of my life for his support and knowledge.
Jack Martin of Gossamer Publishing for the fantastic cover!
Jemma Scarry, Jem’s Editing for her hard work and dedication.

Chapter One

“You want to lay with a man?” Amy’s father screamed in rage at his petite, blonde haired, daughter. He staggered toward her, his breath reeking of alcohol. The odor of gasoline snaked up her nostrils from his gray jumpsuit. Amy wrinkled her nose at the stench and stepped back. His hands were black from the grease and grime of working on cars.
“No daddy!” Amy begged, backing up against the hot kitchen stove. “It was an ice cream social at school. We were never alone. Jed is seventeen. He’s only a year older than me.”
He grabbed hold of Amy’s arm and stared into her frightened, blue eyes. Amy’s fear enraged him; he twisted her arm and yelled, “You slut! It’s not enough you have to look so much like your mama, but you have to act like her too! She screwed every man that would have her!”
Amy shook her head and pleaded with him. “No, daddy no, I would never do that. I’ve never even kissed a boy. I wouldn’t!”
His rage swelled from a thousand sleepless nights filled with   alcohol and a longing for his wife. Her words only fueled the flames of his anger. “You lying bitch! I’ve seen you watching those boys across the street through the front window. You’re planning to leave me just like your mother! I won’t have it!”
“Daddy, mama is dead.” Amy tried to reason with him, “She loved you! She never touched another man. She didn’t want to leave you! She died of cancer!”
He couldn’t hear her words. His rage consumed him. Amy could see it boiling in his eyes. She shrank back, terrified. He lashed out viciously at the source of his pain. The power of his beating was beyond anything Amy had experienced at his hands before.
She screamed in horror, sinking to the floor beneath his fists. The boiling pot of potatoes flew off the stove and slammed into a nearby wall as he yanked Amy to her feet. A small voice inside her screamed he’s going to kill you! Amy was helpless, blinded by the force of his attack. She threw her arms up trying to ward off the blows, but he was too strong.
 His hands suddenly closed around her throat. Amy’s eyes flew open as his iron grip cut off her air supply. Tears streamed down her face as she looked into the eyes of the man who was once a loving father. The monster squeezing the life from her was a stranger. Amy’s legs went weak beneath her and she slowly sank to the floor.
Amy’s lungs burned for air. She saw black spots appear before her eyes.
Suddenly the air exploded around her as blood showered her face and chest. Her father released his grip and fell to his knees. Blood poured from his mouth as he tried to speak. Amy gasped for air and shoved him away in stunned surprise. He fell back slowly. Time seemed to stop. Amy’s eyes rose from her father’s dying form to her thirteen year old brother, Bash. He lay on the floor, thrown from his feet by the blast of the shotgun. A sob of horror wracked Amy’s petite form as she struggled to rise. Young Bash kicked the shotgun away from him and rushed to embrace her.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Bash wailed clinging to her. “I didn’t know what else to do! He was going to kill you!”
**********
Eight years later:
“Twenty-one is the age of freedom.” Beth began, gazing across the Community College football field at the graduates. “At Twenty-one you are now considered an adult. You now have legal access to alcohol, clubs and casinos. You're finally old enough to get married, and Federal law now dictates you are old enough to purchase a handgun. Most college graduates are usually twenty-one to twenty-three years old.” She looked at the young faces staring up at her, and thought of Jake.
Her stepdaughter Molly was only eight, but stepson Jake was 14 years old. Someday soon, she and her husband, Josh, would be watching Jake graduate from college. “When you turn twenty-one, society expects you to be independent of your parents. You are at the age where your life finally begins to take shape. This is a critical time. You’ve proven your dedication to your education by completing your studies. Today you receive your diploma. A diploma you have worked 4 years to achieve. A college degree declares to the world you are intelligent, dedicated, and steadfast in your commitment to achieve a better life. No one can take this accomplishment away from you. This is one of the most important days of your life. 
“This is the time when you have a chance to make critical decisions that will determine the course of your life. Each choice can dictate how you interact with society. These decisions can lead you closer to your goals and dreams. Consider these decisions carefully. They could be the most important choices of your life. Remember, all decisions have consequences, good or bad, beneficial or detrimental, helpful or hurtful, personal or global. Before you make a life altering decision such as a job choice, partner or perhaps a career path, consider all of your options, all of the benefits and all of the consequences.”
Beth flipped her long, dark hair behind her shoulder and paused a moment for emphasis. She caught a particularly scruffy looking graduate staring up at her on the platform from the grassy field below. Yet his gaze faltered at her shapely legs, instead of her face. Her eyes narrowed as she shifted her stance and willed the youth to look up. He glanced up curiously because of her silence and smiled as his face turned red.  
Beth continued, “Why should you consider the multi-level consequences of a decision? Why bother dealing with the small details? The small details give you a full understanding of the sacrifices and benefits involved in any decision, this will result in a higher level of satisfaction and lower level of regret. In other words walk into a situation, don’t run. Make decisions with your eyes open, after you are certain you understand all the pros and cons. However, if you do discover you’ve made the wrong choice, don’t panic. Accept it, learn from it, move past it and look for something new. Life is too short to dwell on a bad choice. You have too much to offer. Be bold, reach for the sky, but never forget who you are and what you stand for. Remember where you came from and most importantly, remember the people who love you. Decisions are one of the most exciting and frightening hurdles in life. Choose wisely, be flexible in your expectations, and you will find yourself on a glorious path to success.”
**********
Amy rushed across the quad pushing her 3-month-old daughter, Emma, in her stroller. She was late to meet Beth after her graduation speech and book signing. Beth’s long chestnut hair, emerald eyes, and petite figure were a natural draw. Her sultry looks combined with the notoriety of being a well know author of family psychology, made Beth’s book signings last for hours. Luckily, Amy arrived at the campus bookstore just as security announced the signing was ending.
Amy grabbed Beth’s laptop and tucked it on the bottom rack of the stroller. “How did it go?”
Beth smiled and waved goodbye to the crowd as they walked away. “I was too preachy at graduation, but I got my point across. I couldn’t stop thinking of Jake. He’s growing up so fast. He's almost taller than I am. One day we’ll be in that crowd watching him graduate.”
Amy reached out and gave Beth a quick hug. “Here I am struggling to get Emma to sleep through the night and you’ve got your kids graduating from college already.”
Beth laughed, “When I married Josh I had no idea how to be a mom. Now, just a year later, I’m a complete worrywart about Jake and Molly. I love them as if they were my own. Now that their mom has returned and is stepping into a larger role in their lives, I don’t know what my role is or how I fit in. I’m feeling a bit lost.”
“Ah, I see.” Amy said lightly, “Well if you need some advice, I know a good book by a great psychologist on Blended Families and how not to be the evil stepmother.”
“Okay, so you’re saying I should take my own advice?” Beth nudged Amy with her hand. “I’m just trying to make sure I don’t step on Joanne’s toes. She’s their mother, and she’s trying very hard to get close to them again. I don’t want to interfere and I especially don’t want to cause her more stress. She has enough to worry about.”
Amy pulled the stroller over to a nearby bench that sat at the bottom of the university library steps. She glanced in the stroller at Emma, who was sleeping soundly, then sat down and looked expectantly up at Beth. Beth rolled her eyes in exasperation. She knew Amy would not get up until they’d had a talk.
Amy reached out and took Beth’s hand. “Josh and the kids love you. So Joanne has a sordid past filled with drugs and alcohol. That’s her issue to deal with. Frankly, you are the best mother figure in those kids’ lives. Yes, Joanne has been clean for three years now, and that’s awesome. You’re right; she's fighting an uphill battle and is trying to make up for all that lost time. That doesn’t mean you have to scoop up your emotions and put them in a box. Those kids need you. Josh needs you.”
Beth gazed into Amy’s big blue eyes filled with so much concern. “Amy, I love you.” Beth smiled and added, “I’m fine. I’m not pulling back; I’m just giving Joanne some space to do the mom thing. I’m feeling a bit lonely because the kids aren’t around as much, but it is nice to have some time alone with Josh.”
“There you go!” Amy announced, “A fringe benefit of sharing the children. You can walk around your living room naked when the kids aren’t home!” 
Amy snatched a ponytail holder out of her diaper bag and pulled her long, blonde hair into a high ponytail. They rose and headed for the parking lot. Her phone sang a popular children’s tune and Amy pulled it out of her diaper bag. “Hello?” Amy face lit up. “You’re where? Ogden?” She glanced at Beth as her face filled with delight. “Of course, I’m so excited to see you! Beth and I are heading in that direction. We should be there in about 30 minutes.”
She hung up and said, “My brother Bash is at the train station in Ogden!”
Beth stared at Amy and tried to smile. She thought Bash was still on parole and not allowed to leave the state of Ohio. “Bash? It’s been ages since you’ve mentioned him. Did you know he was coming?”
Amy was giddy with excitement. She grabbed Emma’s stroller and rushed toward the parking lot. “I had no idea! This is so awesome! I’ve been emailing him pictures of Emma for months without a response. I thought he was mad at me. He’s been so distant for so long.” She spun and gave Beth a quick hug. “This is amazing! He can meet you, Josh, and Randy. I’m so excited!”
When they reached the train station, a tall young man was waiting at the curb. There was no mistaking him for Amy’s brother. They had the same sun blonde hair and large blue eyes. Bash had Amy’s contagious smile, but where she was petite with delicate features, Bash was tall and muscular with broad shoulders. 
There was a kindness in his eyes. Beth shook off the chill that ran through her. She forced away thoughts of what he must have gone through in detention. Of course, he had a soft side. He was Amy's brother. Beth’s heart ached for the siblings. She’d spent many a night listening to Amy’s explanation of how Bash ended up in juvenile detention for shooting their father. After Amy’s mother died, her father’s drinking quickly grew out of control. He allowed Bash to run freely through the streets without a curfew or supervision. Yet he wouldn’t let Amy out of his sight. Her father didn't even allow Amy to attend any afterschool activities including dances or sporting events. 
One day when her father discovered she’d formed an innocent relationship with a young man he went ballistic. In his drunken stupor, he began beating his 16-year-old daughter. Bash arrived home near the end of the attack and saw their father with his hands around Amy’s throat. By the time Bash found his father’s gun Amy was almost unconscious from lack of oxygen. If Bash hadn’t shot his father, Amy would have died.
Tears filled Beth’s eyes as the siblings embraced. Bash seemed no worse for the experience in detention. However, Beth knew better. Juvenile detention was not for the meek. Bash spent five years exposed to children who were abused and angry. At the tender age of thirteen, just a year younger than Jake, Bash fell into a loveless, harsh, group environment with no one to protect him. Beth knew he carried scars, more scars than anyone could imagine.
The 45-minute drive to Amy’s home flowed with memories of Amy’s childhood. When they arrived, Bash stood staring at the large two-story home set deep in the mountains, as Amy pulled Emma’s car seat from Beth’s SUV. “You live here?” He asked.
Amy smiled and said, “Randy had a lot of equity in his first home and Beth gave us a really good deal on the house when she and Josh got married. Did you see the stables over to the right through the trees?”
“You’ve got horses?” Bash’s eyes opened wide in surprise.
Amy laughed, “No, they’re Beth’s. But we take care of them for her and can ride them as often as we like.”
Beth pulled the stroller out of the back of the truck. Bash rushed over to help. As he took the stroller from Beth he stared at her for a moment. She had a kind smile and soft voice. He could see why Amy liked her. Amy was drawn to nice people, but was it possible for Randy, a cop, to be nice? Bash just couldn’t picture it.
Beth locked eyes with Amy as she lifted Emma’s car seat out of her SUV. Beth whispered, “You need to call Randy and let him know Bash is here. I don’t think it’s a good idea to surprise him.”
Amy frowned at Beth and said, “I know. I’ll call him as soon as I feed Emma. I promise.”
Bash carried the stroller into the house. Amy waved goodbye to Beth and followed him inside. “Emma will need to be fed shortly. Would you like to take a shower while I feed her? The guest room is up the stairs the first door on the left. I use it as a studio, so I’ll have to clean it up a bit for you.”
“I’m fine; I can sleep on the floor. It’s no big deal.” He answered glancing around the large room. A tall stone fireplace sat on the wall to the right; shelves lined either side filled with books. The bamboo floor stretched across the living room past the sofa sectional and high back chairs, into the kitchen. The windows went from the floor to the ceiling across the back of the house revealing a large deck and dense forest. 
Amy lifted Emma from the car seat and offered her to Bash. “Come on over and hold your niece.”  
Bash gazed at the tiny little girl and smiled. “She looks exactly like her pictures.” He accepted Emma gingerly and sat down on the sofa next to Amy. “I can’t believe you’ve got a baby, Aim.”
Amy’s eyes filled with tears as she gazed at him. “I’m so happy you’re finally here. It’s been too long Bash.”
He couldn’t meet her eyes. He lifted Emma up in front of him and said, “She looks just like you.”
Amy leaned closer and asked softly, “Are you okay, Bash?”
Bash lowered Emma onto his lap and turned to face her. “I’m fine, Amy. I don’t want to talk about the past. I want to forget about all that shit and move on with my life. I’m sorry if I hurt you. I had to keep you at arm’s length, I had no choice. I couldn’t risk pulling you into that kind of world. I had to protect you.”
Amy wrapped her arms around him and whispered, “I know. However, things are different now. So from now on, big sister is going to take care of you.”
Bash chuckled, “Good luck with that.”
Bash took a long shower and fell asleep on the guest room bed as Amy fed Emma. She put Emma in her crib, and poured herself a glass of lemonade. Opening the French doors that led to the deck, Amy took a deep breath of the clean mountain air and sat in the chaise lounge as the sun disappeared behind the mountains.
Amy’s foot wouldn’t stop tapping. Her face filled with a grimace of frustration. She forced her foot to be still. Stop it! Relax.  She chastised herself. He’s just a kid, barely twenty years old. No, wait, Bash was twenty-one. No matter, he was still a kid in her eyes, and he finally reached out to her. He wanted to spend time with her and the baby. He wanted to meet Randy. There was no need to worry.
Amy leaned back and stared off the deck into the woods. Sighing, she relaxed to the cricket’s song as they welcomed the cool night air. The stars appeared one by one above the tall, majestic mountains. The winter snow was slowly disappearing from the mountain peaks. The small creek behind the house was alive with the rushing water from the melting snow. Amy wanted Bash to love the mountains. She hoped he would decide to make Bailey his home.
Bash needed his family after five years in juvenile detention and three years tied to a parole officer. He’d gotten so upset with her each time she tried to visit him in detention. She cried herself to sleep every night for the first year terrified at what he was facing in the darkness each night. Amy’s heart ached for him. He was a sweet, innocent, kid sent to a horrible place. A place filled with teenager murderers and rapists, all because of her. When Bash turned eighteen, he was released into a halfway house. Yet he still refused to let Amy visit him.   
He always thought of her first. Even as a boy. He saved her life and went to prison for it. Amy hated that. She couldn’t believe they sent him away, but at that time they were a poor family and there was no one to stand up for Bash. There was no one to protect him from the law. Amy didn’t blame the cops, hell she was married to one. 
That was all behind them now. Bash was starting over. Her biggest problem now was figuring out how to break the news to her husband, Randy. He was the mountain towns’ Sheriff. Randy was kind and gentle, but fiercely protective of his family and friends. How would he react to a convicted murderer coming to live in their home with their brand new baby?
**********
Randy walked slowly up beside the small, rusty, blue pickup truck, his hand on his gun. He waited as the window slowly slid down. A cloud of heavy, pungent smoke drifted out of the car, pot. As the smoke cleared, Randy peered cautiously inside. A scruffy faced young man glared up at him then flicked his cigarette out the window. 
Goodbye hot dinner at home, Randy frowned, “License and proof of insurance please.”
A young man, barely old enough to drive shifted in his seat as he reached into his rear pocket for his wallet. “I ain’t done nothin’.” He muttered.
Randy looked past him to the passenger. A slightly older man with dark hair and black eyes sneered back at him. Randy shifted his gaze to the back seat as the third young man slid his hand nervously over his greasy brown hair. Reaching out, Randy took the license and insurance card from the driver. Glancing at the license Randy gazed back at the driver. “Mr. Salvir from Cleveland, Ohio. Are you aware you were driving erratically?”
The driver glanced at the passenger then looked up at Randy and said, “No sir,” slurring his words.
Randy leaned closer to the window. There was a distinct odor of alcohol. He asked, “Have you boys been drinking?”
“No sir.” The driver answered slowly taking care to speak clearly.
Randy opened the car door and said, “Mr. Salvir, please step out of the vehicle.” 
He escorted the driver to the rear of the car. Randy’s finger slipped the safety off his gun as the two doors on the other side of the car opened. “Please remain in the vehicle while I speak with Mr. Salvir. I will speak to you both momentarily.”
 

Chapter Two

A soft yet urgent knock on the front door woke Amy. Her head jerked up, and she glanced at the clock on the mantle, eleven o’clock? A knock came at the door again. Amy glanced up the stairs; Emma should be waking up soon. 
Another knock, Randy must have lost his keys. She rose from the sofa with a yawn and went to the door. As soon as she opened the door, Beth and her husband Josh, rushed inside. “Amy,” Beth said calmly, “Randy is all right, but he’s been hurt and is in the hospital. Josh is going to take you to him; I’ll stay with Emma.”
Amy stared at them in confusion. Josh’s dark brown hair was damp and mussed. Beth’s hair was also wet and pulled into a hasty ponytail. What were they doing here, where were the kids?
“Amy,” Beth touched her shoulder, “Randy’s in the hospital. He’s been hurt.”
“What?” Amy snapped out of her sleepy stupor. “Randy’s hurt?” Her heart raced as her breath came in gasps. She couldn’t breathe. 
Josh gently took hold of Amy’s shoulders and gazed into her eyes. “Amy, he’s okay. He had a run in with a drunk driver and got roughed up a bit, but he’s going to be okay.”
Josh stopped; his eyes moved to the stairs behind Amy. His face turned to stone as a young blonde man moved cautiously down the stairs. Josh’s deep blue eyes locked on Bash. 
Beth offered quickly, “Josh, this is Amy’s brother, Bash.”
Josh relaxed slightly releasing his grip on Amy as she spun and rushed to Bash. “Randy’s been hurt. I have to go to the hospital!”
Bash nodded, his eyes never leaving Josh. Beth added, “I’ll stay here with Emma and Bash. Don’t worry about us, we’ll be fine.”
Beth added the last bit as much for Josh as for Amy. He grew up with Randy. She knew Josh was more upset about Randy’s attack then he let on. Josh’s eyes narrowed on Bash. He knew Bash’s history. Forcing back a protest, Josh simply nodded his assent. They didn’t have any other option. 
Josh met Beth’s eyes and said, “My foreman, Mike, is just down the road. He can be here in five minutes if you need him.”
Bash glanced at the floor suppressing a disgusted smirk. He got Josh’s meaning. He arrived less than ten hours ago, and they had already labeled him a bad boy.
Beth grabbed Amy’s purse from the sofa and escorted her to the door. She gave Amy a quick hug and said, “Call me when you can.”
“He’s at Ogden General.” Josh explained as they headed outside.
Amy glanced at him as her stomach leapt. “Ogden? Is it that bad?”
“No,” Josh said quickly. 
“Where are Molly and Jake?” Amy asked glancing at the back seat of the truck.
“Joanne’s duplex,” Josh answered as they climbed into his pickup.
He threw the truck into gear and roared down the gravel drive toward the main road. “I need you to take a deep breath and stay calm.” Josh glanced at her. “We’ve got a 30 minute drive and if you start crying it’s only going to make it worse.”
“Josh!” Amy snapped, “Tell me everything!”
He turned onto the main road and raced toward the highway. Reaching out in the darkness, he took hold of her hand. He spoke softly, “Randy pulled a car over off on I-84. The occupants ganged up on him as he attempted to handcuff the driver. There were three of them; they had knifes. It was a close struggle. He managed to shoot one of them. One got away, but the driver was drunk, so he didn’t put up a struggle. Randy was able to tackle him as the other one ran for the car.”
Amy squeezed Josh’s hand and asked, “They stabbed him?”
Josh’s jaw was set, but he answered softly, “Amy, when someone is coming at you with a knife you know you’re going to get cut. The best thing you can do is make sure the blade doesn’t hit any vital organs.”
“Did it?” Amy released his hand and turned to gaze out the windshield.
Josh gripped the steering wheel hard and said, “There were three of them, Amy. It’s hard to say. The good news is he was able to call for help, and they got to him fast. He was taken into surgery right before Ed called. He said Randy lost a lot of blood, but he’s alive and they are going to keep him that way.”
**********
Bash opened the refrigerator and inspected its contents as Beth went upstairs to check on Emma. He frowned at the six-pack of beer sitting on the bottom shelf. He supposed now was not the time. At least there was soda. Bash opened a can of soda and went to the living room to search for the television remote.
Beth returned and sat down on the far end of the sofa from him. She said, “Emma’s sound asleep, but should be awake soon for a feed. Are you hungry? I could make us some sandwiches.”
“I’m good,” He answered scanning the channels on the small flat screen TV.
Beth smiled and gazed at the TV adding, “Amy was so excited to see you. She’s missed you so much.”
Bash shot her a sideways look and said, “I missed her too.”
Beth focused on the TV and said, “There’s a muscle car movie marathon on channel 362 if you like that sort of thing.”
Bash hit 362 on the remote and a car chase flashed across the screen. “I don’t have my license.” He offered quietly watching the chase.
Beth flinched as the first car in the chase rolled over and burst into flames. “Have you ever ridden a horse?”
“No,” He answered leaning back and tossing the remote onto the sofa beside him.
Beth leaned back and kicked off her shoes. “I am not a good driving instructor, but I can teach you how to stay on a horse.” 
Bash rolled his eyes and smiled, “Well if you and Amy can do it. I shouldn’t have too much of a problem. How hard can it be?”
Beth turned and smiled at him. “Driving a car or riding a horse?”
“Both. Why is your hair wet?” Bash turned to face her. 
Beth glanced over at him and said, “We were in the pool when we got the call.”
Bash flashed a wicked grin and said, “Your man is smoother than I thought.”
**********

Randy’s Deputy, Ed Baines, met Josh and Amy as they stepped off the elevator outside the surgical waiting area. His face was pale and worn, but he smiled in greeting. “He’s out of surgery and in recovery. The doctor says he’s going to be okay. They will come get us when he can have visitors.”
Amy hugged the elderly deputy fiercely and allowed him to lead her to the waiting area. It wasn’t long before the doctor appeared. The tall, dark haired surgeon looked fresh out of medical school.  He smiled at Amy and said, “Mrs. Connor, I’m Dr. Lund. Randy is doing well. He had several superficial wounds on his arms and chest. The abdominal wound was our biggest concern. It lacerated his spleen, and he experienced substantial blood loss. We removed the spleen and gave him some whole blood. He’s stable now. He’s young and strong. I expect a full recovery. You should be able to see him in a few minutes.”
Josh wrapped his arms around Amy as the doctor left. She buried her head in his chest and sobbed. 
The nurse appeared a few minutes later and escorted Josh and Amy to the recovery area. Randy lay on a gurney attached to several IV’s and a monitor. Amy rushed to his side and kissed him gently on the mouth. “Randy, honey I’m here. The doctor says you’re going to be okay.”
Randy’s face was white as a sheet. A dark purple bruise ran down the side of his face encompassing his right eye. Bandages spotted with blood covered both forearms. Amy bit her lip, suppressing a sob as she brushed his light brown hair from his eyes.
He took a deep breath and slowly opened his eyes. Gazing sleepily up at her, he whispered hoarsely, “Amy, I’m sorry.” 
Amy’s eyes filled with tears. “You have nothing to be sorry about. Just rest and get better.”
Josh stepped forward into Randy’s line of sight and said, “Beth is with Emma. The state police arrested the driver. They found the one that got away. He rolled the car into the creek about a mile down the road.”
Randy’s eyes opened wider as he became more alert, “The kid I shot...” He managed weakly.
Josh locked eyes with Randy and said, “You had no choice; they were going to kill you.”
Randy held Josh’s gaze. Josh sighed and added, “They weren’t just on a joy ride, Randy. The trunk was packed with Meth. It looks like they were moving drugs across country.” Josh hesitated and finally answered Randy’s question, “He was dead at the scene.”
Randy grimaced and closed his eyes. Amy squeezed his hand. Killing a youth no matter the reason or justification was a horrible tragedy. Randy spent a weekend every month in Salt Lake City working with troubled kids. He was going to take this hard. Amy glanced at Josh as his face flushed with anger from his friends anguish.
**********
Beth covered Bash with a blanket after he fell asleep on the sofa during the second movie. Once Emma finished her feeding Beth carried her upstairs and put her back to bed. The phone began to vibrate in the back pocket of her blue jeans. She pulled it out. It was Josh.
“Josh,” Beth answered softly, closing the bedroom door behind her and heading into the master bedroom. “How is Randy?”
“He’s out of surgery and doing fine. They had to remove his spleen, but the doctor says he’s going to be okay.” Josh answered in a tired voice.
“I’m so glad.” Beth sighed with relief moving to sit on the edge of the bed. “How’s Amy?”
“You know Amy,” Josh said in a better tone, “She was a wreck all the way here. Now that she’s had a good cry and Randy’s conscious, she’s bouncing back. She wants to stay here with him tonight. I’m going to head back and help you with Emma.”
Beth smiled; Emma wasn't the source of his concern. “We are fine here. I just fed Emma and Bash is asleep on the couch. I was just about to head upstairs to bed.”
“Okay, I’ll see you in about an hour.” Josh answered. 
Just as she hung up, the house phone rang. Beth rushed across the hall into the master bedroom and picked up the received on the bedside table. “Connor’s residence,” Beth said softly hoping the phone didn’t wake up Emma.
Bash picked up the line in the kitchen as Beth answered. There was no reply.
“Hello?” Beth added.
A raspy low voice answered, “Wrong number.” 
A sharp stab of fear spread through her stomach, “Who is this?” She managed.
The call disconnected. Beth stood frozen in shock. Bash replaced the receiver and headed back to the sofa. He knew that voice; it was Pete; this was bad, real bad.
 


Chapter Three

Josh walked into the kitchen dressed only in his shorts. Beth stood at the stove scrambling some eggs in a skillet. She loved how he looked in the morning. His short, brown hair was all messed and his face unshaven, it made her pulse race. She allowed her eyes to linger on his muscular chest and arms. A wistful smile crossed her face. “Hey sexy,” She said in a throaty tone.
Josh flashed a sleepy smile and kissed her neck as he wrapped his arms around her small waist. “Is it really 9 o’clock?”
Beth set the plate of bacon and eggs on the island in the center of the kitchen as Josh poured himself a glass of orange juice. He sat down at the island and dug into the plate of food.
Beth walked to the baby swing in the corner of the living room and offered Emma her pacifier. She said, “You didn’t get in until 4 o’clock. You must be exhausted.”
Josh glanced out at the deck. He could see Bash standing near the steps smoking a cigarette. “I’m fine. What’s the deal with Bash?” 
Beth moved back into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee. She turned to face Josh; he was still staring at Bash. “He’s finally reaching out to Amy.”
Josh forced his eyes away from Bash. He met Beth’s gaze. His expression softened. Her deep green eyes were full of compassion. “I know, I know. He’s been through hell. I just want to make sure he didn’t bring it with him. Where has he been the last three years since he got out? Why has it taken him so long? Why has he finally reached out now?”
Beth stared at him with a raised eyebrow. “Well officer, I don’t know.” 
Josh chuckled and scooped up the last bite of his eggs. “Amy’s so trusting, so giving. I just want to make sure she and Emma are safe while Randy is in the hospital.” He stopped and glanced around. “Where’s Kilo?”
“Oh no,” Beth gasped, “Amy dropped him off at the vet yesterday to get neutered. I should call them. They’re probably wondering where Amy is.”
“I tell you what.” Josh rose and headed for the backdoor.  “Let them know I’m on my way and I’ll take Bash with me. I’m sure he’d like to get out of the house and look around. We’ll take Kilo up to the lake and let Charlie out. She’ll be eager to get outside by the time I get home.”
Josh walked out on the deck and headed toward Bash at the far end. “Hey Bash,” He called as he neared him.
Bash flicked the cigarette away that he’d only half finished and turned to face Josh. Josh ignored the skunky smell to the smoke and Bash’s red eyes. Instead, Josh said, “I’m going to pick up Amy’s malamute, Kilo from the vet. Then I’m heading home to pick up our golden retriever, Charlie at our lake house. You want to ride along?”
Bash glanced past Josh toward the kitchen. Josh added, “Beth is going to take Emma up to the hospital to see Randy.”
“Okay,” Bash said in a matter of fact tone, “beats just sitting around here.”
Josh nodded and turned to head back inside. “We’ll head out in about fifteen minutes. Also, if I were you, living in a cop’s home; I’d choose a different kind of cigarette and find that butt before we leave.”
Josh didn’t say anything to Beth about the pot. He walked over to Emma, tickled her tummy and kissed the top of her head then headed upstairs to shower.
Bash was loading Emma’s stroller into the back of Amy’s small SUV when Josh walked down the porch steps. Bash shut the rear hatch and headed toward Josh’s truck.
“Beth and Emma are loaded up.” Bash smiled brightly.
Josh nodded his approval and headed toward his large blue extended cab pickup, “Thanks, let’s get going.”
They climbed into the truck and headed toward the main road, half a mile down the gravel drive. Turning onto the two-lane country road, Josh glanced at Bash. He wasn’t wearing a seatbelt. Josh said, “Call me old fashioned, but I’d prefer it if you buckle up.”
Bash glanced at him with a raised eyebrow then buckled his seat belt. Taking a deep breath, Bash said, “I think we started off on the wrong foot. Amy’s emails are always talking about you and Beth. I appreciate how great you’ve been to her. She’s a good person and deserves good friends like the two of you.”
Josh kept his eyes on the road. “Amy is a very loving and giving person. She’d do anything for the people she loves.”
“I know,” Bash added softly looking out the window. “I’d do anything for her.”
“Would you?” Josh asked quietly.
Bash glared at Josh. “It’s just pot. I don’t do drugs.”
“How do you think Amy would feel if Randy arrested you?” Josh turned back to the road. “You think she’s going to take that lightly. You’re putting them both in a potential situation that could hurt their marriage.”
Bash’s eyes shot daggers at Josh. “If that’s what this drive is about you can pull over right now and let me out.”
Josh couldn’t hide the smile that crossed his face. “Relax, I made my point. I won’t say it again. Do you fish?”
Bash relaxed back into the seat. “No,”
Josh shot him a sideways glance and said, “My son Jake and I are heading up to Picket Creek this Saturday to do some trout fishing. Randy was supposed to come along. Do you want to join us? I’ve got a spare rod.”
“Maybe,” Bash muttered.
“We’ll take the dogs.” Josh added, “Of course it’s always a challenge keeping Charlie out of the creek long enough to catch some fish. She’s a water hound.”
Bash grinned, “Charlie’s a girl?”
“Yep,” Josh chuckled. “Kilo’s a hunter. Randy’s spent a lot of time and effort training Kilo as a police dog. If he’d had Kilo with him yesterday, Randy wouldn’t be in the hospital right now.”
“What happened?” Bash asked.
Josh’s face turned dark as he fought the anger that threatened. “There were three guys in the car Randy pulled over and they jumped him when he was handcuffing the driver. If Kilo were there, the other two never would have gotten out of the car. It was bad timing for Kilo’s surgery.”
“Who were the guys?” Bash asked softly staring out the windshield.
“Drug dealers,” Josh answered pulling into the Veterinarian’s office parking lot.
The Vet’s office was a standalone brick building just off the main road. A large privacy fence surrounded the yard behind it. The yard contained a small stable and a large grassy area.
Heading inside Bash took a seat while Josh spoke to the young woman at the front desk. It wasn’t long before the Vet’s assistant brought out a large white malamute. Kilo trotted to Josh without hesitation. Josh knelt to greet him.
Bash hesitated wondering if Kilo would smell the pot on his clothing. Would he react? Josh rose and took Kilo’s leash from the attendant, then headed across the room toward Bash. Noting the concerned expression on Bash’s face, Josh grinned and held out his hand. “Shake my hand Bash,” Josh instructed. “Kilo will understand you are a friend, and you’ll be fine.”
Accepting Josh’s hand, Bash shook it gently keeping his eyes on Kilo. The dog was huge! Bash shook his head and asked, “How many people has he killed?”
Josh laughed and handed Bash the leash. “Why don’t you take him? The two of you need to get to know each other.”
**********
Randy was relatively pain free as long as he didn’t move, sneeze, cough or try to scratch his nose. He broke into a weak smile as his eyes landed on Amy. She lay curled into a ball asleep in the small reclining chair next to his bed.
His room overflowed with plants and flowers from all over the state. Randy’s eyes focused on a bird of paradise arrangement and his thoughts went to the youth that died. His first instinct was to get angry; angry at the system, angry with the kids parents, but mostly angry with himself. He shouldn’t have let it happen.
Amy’s eyes fluttered open. She yawned and stretched then winced clutching her breasts with both hands. “Ouch! Someone should let new mothers know the hazards of breast-feeding. My boobs have turned to stone and are crying out for Emma!”
Randy chuckled despite the pain. “I’d offer you a pain pill, but the nurse has them all.”
Amy chuckled, walking to his side to kiss him “they wouldn’t help anyway. Do you need anything?” 
Randy glanced toward the window next to his bed. “I need to get out of here.”
Amy flashed him a pouty frown, “The doctor said a couple of days. Maybe tomorrow if we’re lucky.”
Randy’s Deputy, Ed, walked in the room and removed his hat. He smiled at Amy and used his hat to cover his portly belly that stuck out over his belt. Amy smiled back at the balding older man with a kind face. He spoke softly moving toward the bed, “Morning Amy, Randy. I thought I’d drop by and see how you were doing and give you a quick update on the attack.”
Randy pushed the arrow on the control panel that raised the head of the bed and said, “Ed, I’m doing fine. Thank you for taking charge last night and reaching out to Josh for me.”
“No problem, boss.” Ed answered stopping at the foot of the bed. “Is there anything you need? Anything I can do for you?”
Randy could see the concern in Ed’s eyes. Ed was past retirement age, but just couldn’t bring himself to sit around in an empty house after his wife had passed away. “I’m good Ed. Let’s hear the report.”
Ed glanced at Amy then took a deep breath as his face lost all expression. “I’ve been in contact with the State Police. The two perpetrators Chet Salvir, age twenty-one and David Walker, age twenty are en route to the county jail today to await trial. There were booked for possession, intent to sell, and assault on a police officer. The drugs were verified as Meth. The fatality at the scene was Joel Juarez, age twenty-one.” He stopped and glanced at Amy before continuing. “I’m sure Internal Affairs will drop by to see you soon to discuss the shooting, but it’s pretty cut and dry.”
He hesitated again, glancing at Amy. 
Randy frowned, “Ed, Amy can hear whatever you’ve got to say. I don’t keep anything from her.”
Ed turned toward Amy and continued, “Amy, you grew up in Cleveland. Is that correct?”
Amy sat down on the edge of Randy’s bed and answered, “Yes, Ed. I didn’t leave Ohio until after college.”
Ed nodded and asked, “Your brother, Bash, spent time in detention in Cleveland as well?”
“Bash?” Amy frowned, “Yes, he was released there when he turned 18.”
Randy reached out and took hold of Amy’s hand. Ed wouldn’t be asking about Bash without a reason. He didn’t like where this was going.
Ed avoided Randy’s inquisitive stare and continued, “Do you know where Bash is presently?”
Amy rose from the bed and stared at Ed then turned to look at Randy. “What’s going on?”
Randy kept hold of Amy’s hand and said, “Ed, you need to get to the point.”
Ed swallowed hard and added, “Bash’s fingerprints were found on the plastic bags containing the Meth. I’m sorry Amy, but I need to know if you have seen or spoken to Bash in the last ten days.”
Amy’s face turned white as she turned toward her husband. “Beth and I picked up Bash in Ogden yesterday. He called me when he got into town. It was a surprise. He wanted to see Emma and meet you. He was with me last night during the attack. He didn’t have anything to do with that.”
Randy pulled Amy closer and nodded. Bash was in town. His mind raced. Bash was in town. Bash was staying at his house with his wife and baby. Bash knew the youths that attacked him. Bash knew youths that tried to kill him. Randy looked at Ed and said, “Give us a moment Ed.”
Ed walked slowly from the room as Amy slid onto the bed next to Randy. He gingerly wrapped his bandaged arm around her as she snuggled against him. “I’m sorry,” She said, “I know I should have called you as soon as he contacted me, but I wanted to introduce the two of you face to face. I wanted you to forget about his past and meet the boy I know and love. Bash isn't involved in this Randy. There has to be some mistake. If he were in that car then it’s probably because he was hitchhiking, and they gave him a ride.”
Randy smiled at her innocence and said softly, “Honey, the meth was in the trunk.”
Amy’s eyes filled with tears. “Randy, you can’t arrest him He just finished his parole. He’s finally free. He’s not a criminal.”
Randy kissed her cheek. His heart ached for her, and his head was spinning from the pain. His arms were starting to throb. The painkillers were wearing off. He was exhausted and wanted to give in to a desperate need for healing sleep. “Amy, Ed needs to talk to Bash and get his story. Let’s find out what happened before we draw any conclusions. Where is Bash now?”
“He’s with Josh,” Beth’s voice answered from the doorway.
They looked up as Beth crossed the room pushing a stroller before her. “He and Josh are picking up Kilo and then heading to our house to let Charlie out.”
Amy bolted upright and rushed around the bed to the stroller. Beth noticed the tears in Amy’s eyes and flashed Randy a questioning gaze.
**********
Bash couldn’t believe Josh’s lake house was actually larger than Amy’s. It was a two story log cabin with 3-car garage. The house sat on a three acre lot. The trees were so thick you could barely see the house next door. Bash climbed out of the truck and followed Kilo and Josh to the front door.
“Come on inside, Bash.” Josh called to him as he unlocked the door and allowed Kilo to trot inside the house.
Once inside Bash walked slowly across the large living room and into the kitchen. He found a similar wall of windows across the back as Amy’s with full view of the lake, with a large deck, in-ground pool and a dock leading down to the lake.
Kilo bounced around the room chasing a large golden retriever that pounced on him several times, clearly overjoyed to see him. Josh opened the backdoor and the dogs shot outside. Bash walked up to the wall of windows and gazed at the scattering of tiny sails from the boats on the lake. 
He asked, “Are you rich?”
Josh flashed a quick grin and said, “I do okay.”
Bash smiled at him and added, “What is your job?”
Opening the back door, Josh headed out to the deck. “I’m in construction.”
Bash laughed and followed him, “Man, you are construction.”
Chuckling, Josh added, “I work hard for my money. The only way to be successful is a little sweat, a lot of effort and a ton of dedication.”
Josh turned and stared intently at Bash as he gazed out at the lake. Moving to stand next to Bash, he pointed to a large white sail with a diagonal blue stripe and said, “That’s Cal Monroe. He’s a local rancher, cattle mostly. I rebuilt his barn after it burned a few years ago. He called me the next year and had me build his six thousand square foot lake house.”
Bash smiled and turned to face him. “That’s huge.”
“Yes it is,” Josh added, “Are you looking for work?”
“I don’t know.” Bash admitted, “I haven’t really thought about it.”
“Are you here to stay or just passing through?” Josh held his gaze.
“I don’t know.” Bash shrugged his shoulders then turned and headed down the deck stairs to look for the dogs.
“You sure don’t know much,” Josh muttered and headed after him. Before he reached the top step, his phone rang. He pulled it out of his back pocket. It was the hospital.
Josh answered it quickly, “Josh Miller,”
Randy’s voice replied, “Josh, can you bring Bash by the hospital when you are done with the dogs? I know it’s out of your way, but I need to talk to him.”
Josh knew this call was coming. Randy wasn’t one to let a sleeping dog lie and Bash was a concerning part of Amy’s past. “You sure you’re up to it?”  Josh asked glancing down at Bash as he walked past the pool toward the dock.
“It can’t wait.” Randy replied.
Randy’s tone was off, and it wasn’t due to the meds. Josh walked to the rail and watched Kilo and Charlie head after Bash. “What’s up Randy?”
Randy sighed and added, “Looks like Bash knows the youths that attacked me.”
Josh’s heart sank.  “I’ve spent some time with him, Randy. I don’t think he’s a bad kid.”
“I hope your right,” Randy answered softly, “Either way, he’s got some explaining to do. Amy and Beth left to get some lunch. Let me know when you’re on your way, and I’ll get Beth to take Amy home so Bash and I can talk alone. I want to talk to him before the State Police do. They tend to toss kids like him in jail and ask questions later. I want to spare Amy that if I can.”
Moving toward the steps Josh added, “Give me a couple of hours.”
Bash stood at the end of the dock watching the boats rush across the lake. The dock sat inside a large cove with just enough protection from the wind to give the water a smooth, glassy surface. Kilo padded up next to Bash and nudged his hand. Bash knelt down and scratched Kilo’s ears. Charlie appeared instantly and pushed in between them.  Bash grinned and said, “Jealous?” He scratched Charlie’s ears and rose.
As he rose as a red speedboat entered the cove pulling a skier behind it. They followed the waterline keeping a safe distance from stumps and debris, but far enough from the main channel to enjoy the glassy surface of the water.
The skier, a young girl in a yellow life vest dropped a ski and began to slalom. She easily jumped over the wake and spun to face backward as she zipped past him. Bash couldn’t help but smile when she waved at him. She was a pretty blonde with shapely legs and a large smile.
Charlie and Kilo dashed back down the dock as Josh walked across the grass toward them.  Josh motioned toward the large blue speedboat parked at the dock and said, “Let’s take her out for a spin.”
Charlie and Kilo didn’t hesitate. They jumped into the boat as soon as Josh headed toward it. Josh laughed and untied the line, tossing it into the boat. “Get in.” He called to Bash, who eagerly headed toward him.
The engine was louder than Bash expected, and its power was more than he hoped.  They roared out of the cove into the open water and headed for the dam.
**********
The school bus doors opened. Jake glanced around for Molly. She was already on her feet headed for the door. He punched his friend Dillon in the arm and said, “Let’s go.”
Dillon glanced up at his tall, dark haired friend then grabbed his backpack from the floor and headed after him down the aisle. They pushed and shoved each other until they jumped down the bus steps. Molly frowned back at them and said, “Stay away from me.”
Jake laughed and shoved Dillon toward her. “Come on Molly, you know you can take him.”
Molly flicked her long, brown hair over she shoulder and smiled, “I know, but I want to get home. Dad said we could swim in the pool this afternoon, and Alice is coming over.”
Dillon laughed and challenged, “Awesome; we can have a belly flop contest!”
Molly spun to face him, her big blue eyes flashed with challenge, “Oh no! You are not invited! You splash too much! It’s girl’s day at the pool.”
Their house was a short distance down the road. Jake could see his dad’s truck in the driveway. He rolled his eyes at Molly’s remark and said, “Molly, it’s the last day of school, a half day. There’s no way you can call girls day today.”
Molly scowled at him, “You two can go swim off the dock.”
Jake locked eyes with Dillon at her remark. In a flash, the two sprinted toward the house. Molly chased after the boys screaming in rage.
As Jake and Dillon reached the driveway, the roar of a boat engine came from behind the house. The boys exchanged glances and bolted for the backyard. Molly wasn’t far behind. She tossed her backpack on the grass near the front porch and ran after the boys.
Bash jumped from the boat and tied the line to the dock as Josh shut it down. Charlie and Kilo bounded off the boat and dashed up the dock. Jake and Dillon appeared around the corner of the house, heading right for the dogs. They boys roughhoused with the dogs as they headed toward the dock.
“Dad,” Jake called trotting down the sloping yard to the end of the dock, “Are we taking the boat out? Can we go waterskiing?”  
Josh smiled at the boys glancing past them at Molly as she rounded the corner of the house. “Not right now Jake. I have to head to Ogden. We can take it out after dinner.”
Jake’s smile vanished. He stared suspiciously at Bash. Josh caught his eye and turned toward Bash. “Bash, this is my son Jake and his friend Dillon.” At that moment, Molly dashed past Jake and jumped into her father’s arms, “And my daughter Molly.” Josh added with a chuckle. “This is Bash; he’s your Aunt Amy’s brother.”
Molly jumped down from her embrace and smiled at Bash, “Uncle Bash!”
Bash shook his head and said, “Call me Bash.”
Jake bit his lower lip and turned to his dad, asking, “Can we at least swim in the pool until you get back?”
Moving past them toward the house Josh answered, “You know the rules Jake, no swimming unless an adult is home.”
“Aw man!” Jake moaned following him, “Dad, it’s the last day of school. It’s summer vacation! Are you telling me we can’t swim during the day the entire summer?”
Molly pushed past Jake and ran to take hold of her father’s hand, “Don’t be a dope Jake. Beth is almost always home.”
Moving after them, Jake added, “Can I go to Dillon’s house then?”
“No,” Josh answered casually, stopping to wait for him. “I need you to watch Molly. However, Dillon is welcome to stay as long as his mom knows there is no adult home. I’ll leave Kilo here with you. Charlie could use the playtime.”
Bash stood watching the kids as they chased after Josh and climbed the steps up to the deck. His thoughts flashed with memories. Memories of a time when his dad acted as if he cared; fleeting memories that were few and dim. He stared down at the wooden slats of the dock.
“Bash,” Josh called to him from the deck. “Let’s get going.”
Glancing up, Bash took in the entire scene, the house, the pool, the kids, the dog. Was this what Amy wanted? The Brady Bunch revisited? Bash shook his head, not him. He wanted freedom and the open road. Josh was right; he needed a job. He’d get a job, buy a motorcycle, and hit the open road. This family crap was not for him.

 
Chapter Four

It wasn’t easy getting Amy to go home. Randy insisted she needed to rest and to spend some time with Emma. Luckily Beth caught on to the tension in the air and pointed out that Josh planned to stop by later. Randy turned off the TV and raised the head of his bed so he would have a full view of Bash when they arrived. 
If Bash were dealing drugs, there would be hell to pay for all of them. If this was the path Bash chose for himself, he never should have come back into Amy’s life. Amy thought of Bash as her savior, her protector. He could do no wrong in her eyes. Randy never tried to change her perception; even after he researched their father’s death and Bash’s trial.
Bash was a kid destined for trouble. He’d run wild from age ten, getting into trouble everywhere he went. His juvenile file was sealed, but his parole officer was a loose-lipped ass. He couldn’t wait to tell Randy about Bash’s history of shoplifting and petty theft. He was a classic case. His mother was sick for years. His dad was an abusive alcoholic. The poor kid never had a chance. However, somewhere deep down inside of Bash was the kid Amy remembered. If Randy could bring that kid to the surface, maybe Bash had a chance.
Randy glanced up to find Josh standing in the doorway. A tall blonde youth stood behind him. His resemblance to Amy was startling. They could be twins.
Josh smiled and moved to sit in the chair near the end of Randy’s bed next to the window. “Randy, you look like shit.”
Randy smiled, “Always good to see you Josh.” He turned to look at Bash, who still stood in the doorway.
Bash slowly moved toward the bed and offered Randy his hand. Randy reached out gingerly and shook Bash’s hand saying, “Nice to meet you Bash.”
“Same here, Sheriff,” Bash answered with a tone of respect Randy did not expect.
Randy relaxed back into the pillows and said, “I hear you spent some time at the lake today.”
“Yes sir,” Bash glanced at Josh, “It was a nice surprise. I thought the only water around here was the Salt Lake. I thought everything else was all desert.”
“The mountains offer a lot of wildlife and collect moisture. We get quite a bit of snow in the winter.” Randy said as he studied him.
Bash was dressed in a dark t-shirt and the usual ripped jeans. He held himself with confidence. His complexion was clear, no dark circles under his eyes; his teeth were white, and hands were clean and clear of sores. He had none of the usual signs of a meth addict.
“Amy mentioned you were a hunter.” Bash said. “Makes sense a cop would like to hunt. Josh invited me to go fishing on Saturday.”
Randy smiled. Was that a jab? He wasn’t sure. Ignoring it he said, “I don’t think I’ll be up to it this weekend, but Josh knows some great spots along the river. I look forward to some fresh fish for dinner Saturday night.”
Bash glanced from Josh back to Randy and said, “I’m a bit hungry; I think I’ll run down to the cafeteria for a bite to eat while the two of you visit.”
“Actually Bash,” Randy locked eyes with him. “I want to ask you a few questions about Chet, Joel and David.”
Bash’s face lost all expression.
Randy continued, “I’m sure you heard what happened to me. Your three friends were involved in the attack.”
“What?” Bash glanced at Josh then back to Randy, “No, Joel’s not my friend. We met him in LA. I came out here with Chet and Dave.”
Randy was glad to see fear in Bash’s face. “That’s good to know Bash, I’m glad. Joel didn’t sound like the kind of guy you want to be friends with.”
Silence descended upon the room.
Bash looked down at the floor; his mind raced. What did Josh say about the attack?  What happened?  He wasn’t listening last night when they arrived. He hadn’t cared what happened to Randy.
“Bash,” Randy said softly, “We found your fingerprints on the bags of meth in the trunk. Can you explain that?”
Bash’s eyes grew wide in dismay; his pulse raced out of control. Oh shit! He was going to jail!  “I’m not involved with that side of things. I’m not a drug dealer. I don’t even do meth.” He offered quickly.
“Its okay, Bash, I’m not accusing you of anything.” Randy said soothingly, trying to keep him calm. “I just need to know how your fingerprints ended up on the meth.”
Bash took a deep breath and locked eyes with Randy. This was not going to happen. He was not going to jail. “Dave is a friend of Chet’s I heard they were driving to California and asked if I could hitch a ride. I knew they were into drugs, so I set up a meeting between them and a guy I know in LA. They did meth along the way, but I didn’t participate. I was the designated driver, so they could party. We took the southern route through San Diego then came up the coast to LA. Chet promised to drop me off in Ogden on the way home. I thought I was just helping them make a connection. I didn’t know we were making a pickup. When Dave asked me to help them load the meth into the trunk, I was stuck. I had to help, but I’m not selling it, I swear.”
 “So you know who they bought the meth from in LA?” Randy pressed him.
Bash’s eyes narrowed, “No,” Bash lied. Paul would kill him if he gave him up. “I have no idea. It happened so fast; we pulled into an alley and all of a sudden; they were trading cash for meth.” That part was the truth. He thought they were picking up Joel and taking him back to Cleveland so he could make his connections. “I thought we were going to someone’s house to spend the night. I had no idea what was going on until it actually happened.”
Randy glanced at Josh whose face was as solid as stone and added, “Bash, Joel is dead. You don’t want to end up like him. If you stay on this path, that’s exactly what’s going to happen to you. Joel died fast; the bullet penetrated his heart, and he bled out in minutes. I’m sorry to say I was the one who pulled the trigger. I have to live with that for the rest of my life. Joel wasted his life; he threw it away for money and a fast high. He could have been so much more if he hadn’t chosen that path. You’re too smart to follow him Bash. I can see it in your eyes. You had a bad turn and paid a terrible price, but that doesn’t mean your life is ruined. If you sign a statement on what you just told me, we can turn you into a witness instead of an accomplice.”
“Fuck,” Bash whispered under his breath staring at the floor.
Wincing from the effort, Randy leaned forward in the bed, he said, “Bash, you have your whole life in front of you; this is the moment you choose your path. Don’t go to jail to help these guys. They are beyond help; they tried to kill a police officer. The drugs are a minor issue at this point. If you sign a statement, you’ll be a free man. You can walk away. Your parole just ended; you don’t want to walk down that path again. You’re in a good place with good people who care about you. Don’t throw that away because of some stupid idea that you’re squealing on these assholes.”
Josh rose and came to stand beside Bash. He placed his hand on Bash’s shoulder and said, “You need to do this Bash. They took advantage of you. They got you involved in something you didn’t want. Think of Amy, you don’t want to put her through another trial. It’ll devastate her.”
Bash knew it wasn’t that easy. He’d learned the hard way turning on someone didn’t end when you signed on the dotted line. However, Josh was right, he couldn’t bear the thought of Amy watching him dragged off to jail again.
“Okay,” Bash whispered as he locked eyes with Randy. “But I can’t give you any names or descriptions on the guys in L.A. I didn’t see them.”
**********
Bash walked into the guest room to find Amy on her hands and knees furiously scrubbing at a spot on the carpet next to the bed. The tripod that held her latest project was gone along with the camera and photography equipment.
“Aim,” Bash called to her from the doorway.
When she glanced up, Bash saw her eyes were red from crying. He walked slowly over to her as she rose from the floor. Bash’s stomach clenched; this was his fault; his stupid fault.
“Aim, it’s going to be okay.” He reached for her.
Amy dusted off her jeans and pulled off her rubber gloves. She flashed him a smile as her eyes filled with tears. “I know,” She managed.
Bash smiled and wrapped his arms around her. “Randy’s going to be okay, and I’m not going to jail, so no more tears.”
She sighed with relief and wiped away her tears. “That’s good because I ordered some pizza for dinner.”
Bash laughed and glanced around the room. “You didn’t need to clean up for me.”
“I was happy to do it.” Amy glanced back at the clean spot on the carpet. “I needed to clean that spot anyway. It’s been there for weeks.”
“Where’s Emma?” Bash led Amy toward the door.
“She’s asleep,” Amy said heading across the hall to peek into Emma’s room. She turned back to him and asked, “So you talked to Randy?”
Bash gazed past her at Emma asleep in her crib. “Yeah, Josh took me up to the hospital.” His gaze moved to meet her. “Why didn’t you warn me?”
Amy held his gaze and said, “I knew you were innocent, and I knew Randy would take care of you.”
“He’s not so bad for a cop,” Bash admitted.
Amy laughed and added, “Well I like him.”
“Did you get any garlic bread?” Bash asked turning to head down the stairs.
**********
Josh opened the front door for Beth. The boys were sitting on the sofa playing a video game. Molly was sitting on the floor next to them brushing Kilo’s short fur.
Jake glanced over his shoulder at them and declared, “Pool time!” He and Dillon jumped up and disappeared up the stairs to change into their swimsuits.
Josh stepped aside as Molly rushed upstairs after them. He grabbed Beth around the waist and pulled her against him asking, “Shall we join them? It is the first day of summer vacation.”
Beth smiled and pulled him up the stairs behind her saying, “No dunking.”
“You take all the joy out of life, Beth.” Josh laughed.
Josh fired up the grill as Beth and the kids jumped into the pool. The water was brisk and cool due to the dipping night temperatures. It wouldn’t be long until the pool grew too warm, forcing them to seek out the cold water in the lake.
When Molly’s little friend Alice arrived, Beth toweled off and headed inside to prepare the side dishes as Josh threw the steaks and burgers onto the grill. After dinner on the deck, Josh took Jake and Dillon out on the boat while Beth pulled up a movie on the television for the girls.
The phone rang as Beth headed back into the kitchen. She lifted the receiver off the wall. It was the kid’s mom, Joanne. “Hi Joanne, happy summer vacation,” Beth said cheerfully into the phone.
“Thanks, Beth,” Joanne answered, “Is Josh around?”
Beth glanced out the window as Josh and the boys disappeared out of the cove. “He just took Jake and Dillon out on the boat.”
“Oh, that’s okay.” Joanne answered, “I was just checking to see if I could have the kids this Friday night for a sleepover. I won’t be able to take them the following weekend, I have to work.”
“Okay,” Beth answered, “I’ll have Josh call you as soon as they get back in.” They said their goodbyes and Beth hung up. Joanne was cancelling more and more weekends due to work, but at least she had a job and was working steadily.
**********
Bash pulled Amy’s SUV into the large gravel parking lot. He smiled at the two-story rustic building in the center of the lot. Sadie’s Bar and Grill looked more like a bar than a grill. Nevertheless, Amy swore by their pizza and wings. Once inside Bash walked to the bar and spoke to a busty woman in a tight t-shirt. “Hi, I’m picking up an order for Amy Connor.”
The woman smiled brightly and said, “Oh, sure; it’s almost ready. How’s the Sheriff doing?”
Bash resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Small town gossip spreads fast. “He’s doing fine. Amy expects him to come home in a couple of days.”
She nodded and grabbed a tall glass, “That’s good. You must be Amy’s brother, Bash. How about a beer while you wait? It’s on the house.”
A beer sounded good. Bash answered, “Sure, anything you’ve got on tap would be fine.”  
She handed him a frosty mug beer and went to check on his order. 
Bash’s phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out and looked at the display. It was Pete. He stuffed the phone back in his pocket. 
The busty woman returned from the back with a large paper bag she called out, “Squires, your order’s up.”
Bash watched as the same cute blonde girl from the lake suddenly appeared at his side and handed the waitress a credit card. “Thanks Sadie,” She said grabbing the bag as Sadie scanned the card and rang up her bill. The girl turned toward Bash and flashed him a brilliant smile.
Bash’s heart leapt as he gazed into a pair of deep green eyes with long thick lashes. “Hi,” he managed despite his racing pulse. “I’m Bash.”
“Hi,” She answered, “I’m Grace. Do you work for Mr. Miller?”
“No,” Bash turned to face her. “He’s a friend of my sister.”
Grace added, “He’s got a great boat. Do you ski?” Sadie handed the credit card back.
“Once,” Bash admitted, “I fell on my ass.”
Grace giggled, “Everyone does the first time. Nice to meet you, Bash.” She spun and floated across the room. Stopping at the door, she turned to face him, “A bunch of us are meeting at the lake tonight at the base of Culvers Creek if you want to come.”
“Okay,” Bash answered softly. He sighed in appreciation of her slender form and perfect behind as she disappeared through the door.
He finished his beer just as Sadie sat the pizza boxes on the counter, “Thirty-two dollars and fifty nine cents.” 
Bash paid in cash and headed for the door. Grace Squires. That name was going to stay with him for a while.
A tall brown haired woman bumped into Bash as she rushed to the jukebox.  Bash glanced behind him as an older man with thin white hair called to her from across the bar.
“Joanne, don’t play any more of that punk shit. Stick to country, and I’ll buy you another beer.”
Her finger hesitated over the numbers. A grimace of disgust crossed her face. She hated that twangy crap, but she was out of cash. She punched in one of the least offensive country songs she knew, pulled the front of her t-shirt down a bit to reveal more cleavage and spun to get her free beer.
**********
Beth checked on Molly and Alice. They were playing a board game in Molly’s room. Beth announced, “Bedtime in fifteen minutes ladies. Finish up your game and change into your PJ’s please.”
She headed downstairs to find Josh microwaving the leftover cheeseburgers for the boy’s to snack on. She walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator, “How about adding a salad to the menu?”
Jake and Dillon were sitting at the kitchen table they glanced up and frowned at Beth. Jake said, “Dad put French fries in the oven.” 
“Well, I guess your vegetable is covered then.” Beth chuckled and gave Josh a quick kiss. “Joanne called. She wants you to call her back.”
“She called me on my cell phone.” Josh answered pulling the plate of meat from the microwave. “I told her Friday night is fine as long as I can pick Jake up early Saturday. I hope you don’t mind if we have them next weekend. She has to work.”
Beth shrugged her shoulders and said, “That’s fine, why don’t we plan a day out on the boat next Saturday. We can take a picnic basket and boat over to the beach.”
Joah reached up and touched Beth’s cheek, “Thanks; that’s a great idea.” 
Jake appeared at their side and grabbed the plate of burgers from Josh. He asked, “Can Molly go fishing with us on Saturday?” 
Josh looked at him in surprise and said, “Jake, Molly hates fishing.”
Jake’s face went blank. He glanced down at the burgers and said, “It’s just that Molly will probably wake up when I’m getting ready and want to come home.”
Josh glanced at Beth, uncertain.
Beth said quickly, “I’m getting my nails done Saturday morning, why don’t you drop Molly off here on the way to the creek and I’ll take her with me. I did promise her a mani-pedi to kick off summer vacation.”
Jake flashed Beth an appreciative smile and spun to head back to the table. Josh pulled the French fries out of the oven and loaded them on a plate. Dillon jumped up from the table and grabbed the plate from him. “Thanks Mr. M.” He said, popping one in his mouth as he went to sit down.
**********
The guy at the gas station gave vague directions, but Bash was able to find the access road along the creek that led toward the lake. He parked in a small parking lot near the boat ramp. The last glow of the sun vanished, replaced by a blanket of stars in the clear night sky. Heading down a small path leading toward the creek, Bash glanced around in the growing darkness. He could hear voices up ahead. The trail opened into a small grassy area that led toward the shoreline. A few dozen people stood or sat around a small campfire a short distance away.
Grace rose and moved toward Bash as he crossed the grass. “Bash, come on over!” Her smile jump-started his pulse, and he increased his pace. Grace added, “Emmett has a cooler if you’d like a beer.”
Bash glanced in the direction Grace indicated and watched as Emmett, a blonde haired young man with arms covered in tattoos flipped open the lid of a red cooler, pulled out a beer and tossed it to him.  
“Thanks,” Bash said and turned back to find Grace standing in front of him.
Bash was mesmerized. The light of the fire danced across Grace’s golden hair and flickered in her eyes. She reached out and opened the beer in his hands. “Emmett just got back from college for the summer. This is his welcome home party.”
“Yeah,” Another girl with dark brown hair called from behind Grace, “Emmett almost didn’t come home this summer. He can’t wait to finish college and leave us all behind. He just has to be the first one to graduate.”
Emmett laughed and headed toward her, “You’re certainly not in competition with me, Cassie. If they gave a degree for most years spent as a full time college student, you’d have a few doctorates by now.”
That comment solicited a low moan from the crowd followed by laughter. Cassie shrugged her shoulders and smiled, then accepted the beer Emmett offered.
Grace led Bash to a log on the far side of the fire. They sat down as a boat pulled up to the shore and half a dozen people climbed out to join the party. Grace waved at them then turned to look at Bash, “So you’re the Sheriff’s brother-in-law?”
“I guess so,” Bash couldn’t keep his eyes from wandering down her long throat and lingering on her perfectly round full breasts.
Her smile broadened, “So why haven’t we met before?”
Bash forced himself to meet her eyes, “I’m from Cleveland. This is my first time here.”
“Why did it take you so long to visit?” Grace asked, “The Sheriff’s wedding was a big deal, because of his tragic history as a widower.”
Bash locked eyes with her and said, “I couldn’t leave the state.” He wasn’t going to lie or sugar coat it.
“Oh,” Grace’s eyes narrowed. Bash couldn’t look away. He felt as if she was examining his soul. She added softly, “Were you in jail?”
“No,” Bash smiled, he couldn’t help it. She was fearless. “I was on parole.”
Grace smiled and rolled her eyes, “So you’re a bad guy?”
“Not really,” Bash tried to stop smiling.
Grace laughed, “That’ what they all say.”
Bash chuckled and added, “So now you know my secret, what’s yours?”
Grace snuggled against him and whispered in his ear, “I’m a virgin.” Then she pulled back, flashed a brilliant smile, and added, “That’s what they all say.”
Bash laughed and wrapped his arm around her. “Grace, you’re my kind of girl.”
Music began to play, and the party erupted.
 

Chapter Five
 
Bash rolled over and clutched his head. Emma’s cries were drilling a hole in his skull. He pulled the covers up and stuffed the pillow on top of his head. His mind went back to last night. How did he get home? Shit! He jumped up from the bed and dashed to the window.
Pulling back the curtains, he squinted through the torturous morning light. Amy’s car was safely in the driveway. He released a sigh of relief and turned to head back to bed, but stopped short when he saw Amy standing in the doorway holding Emma in her arms.
“You need a shower.” Amy said with a wrinkled nose and a raised eyebrow.
Bash glanced down completely oblivious to the fact he was standing before her in his boxers. His t-shirt was torn and covered in mud. A pair of muddy jeans lay in a heap on the floor next to his muddy sneakers and wet socks. Bash looked up at Amy and said innocently, “I went to a party last night up at the lake.”
Amy grinned and said, “Judging by your clothes you had a great time.” She bent down, picked up his muddy shoes and added, “Randy is coming home today. Why don’t you take a shower? I’ll leave your breakfast in the microwave and throw your jeans in the washer. Do you have any other clothes?”
Bash scooped his clothes off the floor and pulled off his t-shirt. Handing them to her, he answered, “I’ve got a couple of t-shirts in my back pack, but that’s my only pair of jeans. You don’t have to wash them, I can do my own laundry.”
Amy nodded and spun to leave calling over her shoulder.  “I’ll pick you up another pair of jeans and a couple of shirts when I get to Ogden. In the meantime, toss your clothes in the dryer when you finish with breakfast. I’ll see you when we get back.”
Bash headed for the hall bathroom as his mind went back to last night. He remembered getting tossed into the lake. Everyone ended up in the lake at some point. He remembered standing next to Amy’s car and kissing Grace. Yes, he definitely kissed Grace, but that was it.
Emmett was her brother, and he wasn’t about to let Grace get in his car. Therefore, a good night kiss was the end of it. Bash shrugged at his image in the mirror and turned on the shower.  It could have been worse; at least she wasn’t scared by his past. In fact, she wasn’t fazed by it at all.
Most of the girls he’d met the last couple of years couldn’t get far enough away from him once they learned of his past. The ones willing to stick around usually had too much baggage of their own or ended up getting him in more trouble than they were worth.
Bash rinsed the soap from his hair and turned off the water. He glanced at his reflection again. He looked much better. Snatching up a comb, he ran it through his hair and glanced around for a razor. Suddenly, his head snapped up, and he dashed out of the bathroom and down the stairs.
He ran to the small laundry room just off the kitchen and yanked the washer’s lid open. “Crap!” He yelled as he gazed at his jeans sitting in the soapy water. He pulled the jeans out of the water and searched the pockets. Pulling a small piece of paper out he tossed the jeans back and closed the lid. “Mother puss bucket,” He growled and sat the paper on the counter in the kitchen.
He stood staring at the wet paper considering his options. Let it dry or try to pry it open now.
The phone on the wall next to the refrigerator rang. Bash frowned at it and turned back to the paper. It rang again. He growled and went to answer it.
“Yeah?” He snapped into the phone.
“Bash?” A familiar voice answered. 
Bash froze. Shit! Why hadn’t he checked the screen? 
The voice continued, “Bash, its Pete I heard what happened. We need to talk.” 
“No,” Bash answered sharply, “I’m out of this, I’m done.”
“Nobody’s done.” Pete answered in a dark tone. “If you won’t meet me today, I’ll come find you tomorrow and it won’t be pretty.”
“That’s hilarious, I live with a cop.” Bash sneered.
Pete didn’t hesitate, “I’ll finish what Joel started with your whole family if you cross me.”
An icy fist dug into Bash’s stomach. “I can’t meet now. Where are you?”
“Ogden.” Pete answered.
Bash glanced toward the front door and said, “Meet me where Chet dropped me off at ten o’clock tonight.”
**********
Joanne lived in one half of a small duplex located a block off the main road not far from the Sheriff’s office. The cluster of two bedroom duplexes was nestled in the center of rural downtown, which consisted of a few bars, gas station with a small market, a strip mall that housed the Sheriff’s office and a farmer’s supply.
Josh pulled up in front and grabbed Molly and Jake’s overnight bags as the kids headed to the door. Joanne appeared and opened the screen door. She gave the kids a hug and ushered them inside. Blocking the doorway with her body she smiled at Josh, “I’ll have Jake up and ready at 7 o’clock for your fishing trip.” She took the bags from him and stepped back inside.
Josh shrugged and headed back to his car. Her abrupt attitude was actually a blessing. She usually talked his ear off.
**********
Bash hated lying to Amy, but the last thing she needed right now was the truth. She was tickled to think he was stealing away to see a girl. She’d never know the difference if things went well tonight. The night was so dark in Utah. Bash’s eyes darted from side to side as he drove just waiting for a deer or coyote to dash out in front of him.
As the lights of Ogden appeared before him, he relaxed. City lights, cars buzzing about, now that was his kind of atmosphere. He pulled into the old union station that was now a series of stores and restaurants. The train tracks still ran behind the building. That was where Pete would be waiting in the dark solitude of anonymity.
A strange sensation rushed through Bash. He fought the urge to return to Amy’s car and search for a gun. He had his knife, but that would be little defense against a gun. No, this was not going to go wrong. He would take it slow and hold his ground.
Moving around the side of the building, Bash glanced down the tracks. A lone figure stood in the center of the tracks near the platform. Bash caught the hint of movement in the shadows of the platform’s pillars. Pete was not alone.
 
Moving slowly but with confident purpose, Bash walked toward the platform. Pete was shorter than he remembered. He shared the same olive skin and jet black hair with the two men lingering in the shadows. Bash stared into Pete’s coal black eyes and said, “Your friends seem a bit intimidated by me.”
Pete flashed a tobacco-stained smile and said, “We didn’t want to crowd you.”
“What do you want, Pete?” Bash got right to the point. He didn’t want this to last any longer than necessary.
“I need the product your buddy stole from me.” Pete sneered, and he slid his hand into the front pocket of his baggy jeans.
Bash wanted to laugh at Pete’s verbiage. He was a punk trying to act like an exec, product are you kidding me? “It was the State Police that confiscated it. I don’t even know who they are or where they took your product. If you want a scapegoat blame Chet. The idiot was drunk off his ass as usual, they all were.” Bash’s eyes narrowed, “It’s gone, and I had nothing to do with it.”
Pete moved closer, “Your cop brother killed Joel.”
Bash’s face broke into a wicked smile, “He’s not my brother, and the idiots were asking for it. They attacked a cop. If Joel and Dave stayed out of Chet's arrest for drunk driving that would have been the end of it. Instead, they stepped in and then couldn’t even kill the cop. Dave was drunk and rolled the car as he was trying to escape, fuckin’ morons, all of them.”
“Joel hated cops. It was only a matter of time before he tried to kill one. He let his hatred take control He got what he deserved. I don’t give a crap. What I do care about is that I’m hearing the cops didn’t get all of the meth.” Pete closed the distance between them. “You need to get your ass in to see Dave and Chet. Find out where they stashed the rest of the meth. I have a deadline to meet.”
Bash leaned down so close to Pete’s face he could smell the stink of meth on his clothes.  “I said, I’m out. That was the deal. You said you’d cut me loose if I helped you make a connection in Cleveland.  I hooked you up with Chet who could give a direct route to the Cleveland market so I’m done.”
The shadows moved quickly heading toward them. Pete lifted his hand, and they stopped a few feet away. Pete locked eyes with Bash and said, “This is your mess, your boys screwed it up. You said they could do the job. You swore to me they would make the connection in Cleveland for me. As far as I’m concerned, this plan of yours is fucked up. So this is what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna find my product and deliver it back to Cleveland. The family reunion is over. Kiss your sister’s ass goodbye and finish what you started.”
Bash felt his face turn red; he took a slow deep breath to stay calm. “I will find your meth but I’m not going back to Cleveland. I’ll make some calls and get one of Dave’s boys to head out here but if you want to make your deadline you’ll have to meet him halfway.”
Pete’s expression softened to a mild sneer, “Let me know when you’ve got the product.”
Bash stood his ground, watching as Pete and his henchmen disappeared around the side of the building. He should never have mentioned Amy to that asshole. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out the folded paper with Grace’s phone number. Grabbing his phone from his pocket, he punched in her number as he headed back to Amy’s car.
**********
 Randy leaned back into the pillows and waited for the painkillers to take effect. Dr. Lund didn’t like releasing him so soon after the surgery but understood Randy’s reasons. He had a family to protect. Kilo lay on the floor next to the bed sleeping while Amy flittered around the room. She sat a chair from the kitchen next to the bed so Randy could reach his meds and water without straining. He grinned at his beautiful wife. Her long, golden hair flowed down her back from a high ponytail. The tiny t-shirt and short shorts hugged her petite curves causing his libido to fight against the relaxing effects of the painkillers.
Her post baby figure was actually more desirable than before. Her hips were more rounded which accented her tiny waist. Randy loved the way her enlarged breasts overflowed her shirts. 
“Amy,” He said urgently, causing her to spin and rush to his side.  He reached up to caress her shoulder and said, “When is the last time you kissed me?”
Her face released all the tension of the day, and she leaned closer, “It’s been so long I can’t remember.” She whispered and kissed him gently.
Randy wrapped his arms around her and pulled her against him, ignoring the pain. “A knife to the gut is the only thing that could ever keep me away from your luscious lips.”
Amy sat on the bed next to him, “Well don’t do it again, ever.” She admonished him with a sad smile.
“I’m fine, baby.” He whispered, “How are you doing with all this?”
Emma began to fuss in the next room. Amy pulled the covers up over Randy’s stomach and said, “I’m okay, Ed did the right thing calling Josh first. I would never have made it to the hospital on my own. However, in the future, Ed needs to call me as soon as something happens. I don’t want nor like, being the last to know.”
“I understand,” Randy agreed, “Why don’t you bring Emma in here and I’ll watch her while you take a bath and relax.”
Amy brought in Emma and laid her on the bed next to Randy. He smiled and tickled his daughter’s tummy. Heading back to Emma’s room Amy grabbed the pile of dirty clothes from her dresser and went into Bash’s room to look for the towel he used after his shower. The towel was on the end of his bed. She picked it up and grabbed the dirty clothes from the floor. She stumbled over his pack that lay partially under the foot of his bed.
She picked up the backpack and tossed it on the bed. A pair of dirty socks fell out. Amy opened the backpack and looked inside for more dirty laundry. She pulled out a couple of wrinkled t-shirts and another pair of dirty socks. Amy smiled and flipped the backpack upside down emptying the contents onto the bed. Half a dozen small bundles of cash fell out onto the bed. Amy gasped and slowly picked up the nearest bundle. It was all hundred-dollar bills. 
She counted the bundle. It held ten thousand dollars. “Bash, what have you done?” Amy whispered. Amy quickly stuffed everything back into the backpack and dropped it on the floor beside the bed.
She stood staring down at the backpack unable to move. How did her life get so out of control? She’d put all of this behind her. She thought it was behind Bash, as well. She was wrong. She was so stupid and naive. How could she believe Bash would walk out of juvy still an innocent? How could she believe that he would turn into a model citizen…just because? Amy knew she’d failed Bash. She’d failed her little brother. She failed as a big sister. 
Amy scowled at the backpack and kicked it hard. No more, she was going to get Bash on the straight and narrow if it killed her. She snatched up the backpack and pulled the money out, then tossed the pack back under the bed.
*********
Pulling into the same parking lot as the night before, Bash glanced around at the line of vehicles for Grace’s car. He rolled his eyes and parked the car. He had no idea what her car looked like or if even she had one. There was no music or firelight coming from the party spot. Bash glanced around, not seeing Grace he decided to head there anyway.
Glancing up, Bash was amazed at the amount of stars. They were so concentrated it was as if the Milky Way floated directly over the Utah Mountains. Bash reached the open area near the water. A small light appeared in the distance across the water. Bash watched as it grew closer. The roar of a boat engine drifted across the water. A small speedboat approached the shore slowing as it neared. Bash’s face broke into a pleased smile when Grace waved to him from the driver’s seat.
He stepped onto the sandy landing area and took hold of the bow. Grace killed the engine and hopped off the front. She tossed a small anchor behind a fallen log and turned to face him. “I was just about to give up and have a boring Friday night at my parent’s home when you called.”
Reaching out to brush a stray lock of hair from her cheek, Bash said, “I’m sorry I called so late. I didn’t think I was going to get out tonight.”
“I’m glad you did.” Grace took hold of his hand and led him to the fallen log they sat on the previous night. “How’s the Sheriff doing?”
Bash frowned; that’s not what he wanted to talk about. “He’s fine, he came home today. My sister was fussing over him when I left.”
Grace stared at him intently and asked, “You don’t like him, do you?”
“It’s not that,” Bash admitted, “he seems like a nice guy and as long as he’s good to Amy, I’ve got no problem with him.”
Grace squeezed his hand, “But you don’t like him.”
Bash laughed, “It’s hard to like a cop when you’ve been on the other side. It doesn’t feel right.”
Grace nodded and stared out across the lake. The night air had a cooling touch as it rushed gently over them. Bash watched as the breeze pushed Grace’s long, golden hair across her face to caress her cheek. His eyes trailed down her cheek to her bare silky shoulders. She wore a red bikini top and a tiny pair of blue jean shorts. His eyes lingered on her breasts then moved down to her long shapely legs.
“I killed my dad.” Bash whispered wanting to tell her everything, hoping she would accept him for who he truly was. “He was abusive when he drank. I came home from school one day and heard him screaming. When I walked in the door, everything suddenly went silent. I ran to the kitchen. He was standing over Amy, strangling her. The rage on his face was terrifying. I knew he wasn’t going to stop. I was thirteen years old. He was a big man. I knew I couldn’t pull him off her. Amy’s lips were turning blue. She was going to die. I had no choice. I got the shotgun out from under his bed, and I shot him.”
Grace turned to stare at him, her eyes filled with tears. “Bash, I’m so sorry.” She whispered and hugged him tightly wrapping her arms around his neck. “That must have been so frightening, but you had no choice, you had to save her.”
Bash clung to her. He hadn’t said that out loud anyone since the trial. Not even to his friends in juvy. He wasn’t sure he’d ever say it aloud again. “It haunts me, every day. I can still see the blood. There was so much blood.” Bash answered pulling her tight against him and taking in the musky scent of her perfume.
“Is that why you were in prison?” Grace pulled back just enough to gaze into his eyes.
“I intentionally killed a man,” Bash answered, “You don’t walk away from something like that. No matter how old you are.”
“My dad is in prison.” Grace whispered, “He embezzled money from his work. All of us kids are working to help my mom pay the bills. My dad won’t tell anyone where the money is, so mom has to pay it back. I’m a ski instructor at Snow Basin in the winter and I work at the Dock Bar and Grill during the summer. I want to open my own ski outfitting shop someday. I could sell snow ski equipment and lessons in the winter. Then waterski equipment and lessons in the summer. I finally saved up enough money to get my own place. I help mom make her mortgage payment, but I’ve still got enough to live.”
Bash gazed into her green eyes. They sparkled in the dim light. He could get lost in those eyes. Grace’s voice was soft and soothing. He loved her perfect white teeth, her delicate mouth with full pouty lips.
Bash pulled her against him and kissed her. Their lips met in a soft gentle kiss that quickly turned to fire. Grace wrapped her arms around him allowing her hands to explore his hard muscular back. Bash’s hand moved slowly down her back to cup her behind. They slid off the log and onto the sandy earth.
Bash undid the clasp of Grace’s bathing suit and her hands went instantly to her breasts. Her eyes opened wide in alarm, she said, “Bash, I’m sorry but I don’t do that.”
He stared at her in amazement and asked, “What are you saying?”
Grace rose and turned her back to him as she put her top back on. “I’m saying I don’t do that. I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression.” She turned to face him as he rose to his feet.
“Its okay, Grace,” Bash said softly, “It’s not your fault. I was moving too fast. I’m sorry.”
Their eyes met, and Grace’s expression softened, “I really like you Bash. When you kiss me, my heart goes crazy. It feels like I’ve been snowboarding on a rough hill all day. I couldn’t stop thinking about you today. When you called me tonight, I was so excited. But we hardly know each other.”
Bash reached out and ran his fingers down her bare arm. “I get it.” He smiled, “Why don’t we sit down and talk. I’ll keep my hands to myself as much as possible.”
Grace laughed and gave him a quick hug. “I’m not a nun. Let’s just keep our clothes on.”
 


Chapter Six

Molly cuddled against Jake on the small lumpy loveseat in their mom’s living room. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and used the remote to scan the channels for a children’s program. It wasn’t long before Molly fell asleep next to him. Jake rose and allowed Molly to slide down onto the cushions. He covered her with a thin blanket draped over the back of the sofa and went to check on his mom.
He gazed into her bedroom. Joanne’s light brown hair poked through the covers at the end of the bed; her arms lay stretched out on either side. Jake carefully moved to the bed and draped the covers over her. His foot bumped against an object. He reached down to pick it up.  It was a small square bottle made of dark colored glass. Jake didn’t have to look at the label, he knew what it was.
Jake frowned at his moms still form willing her to stop drinking and act like a mom for once in her life. He glanced through the doorway at Molly and anger burst to life inside him. He tossed the partially full bottle on the bed next to his mother. 
He went to her dresser and began to search through her drawers. He found several of small square bottles hidden inside, all of them were empty. Jake stormed into the kitchen and dragged the trashcan back to Joanne’s room. He tossed the bottles in the trashcan and searched the room for more.
When he was certain all the bottles were in the trash, he pulled the trashcan up next to the bed and shook his mother’s shoulder. “Mom, wake up.” Jake said harshly.
Joanne stirred and pushed his arm away, “Go to bed, Jake.” She said, slurring her words.
“No mom,” Jake shook her shoulder again, “I want you to see this. Open your eyes.”
She rolled over and gazed up at him. Her eyes were red and bloodshot. “What is it Jake, I’m trying to sleep?” Jake stepped back; her breath smelled like gasoline.
“I found all your bottles.” Jake began, “Look at them!” He shook the trashcan as he pulled it closer. “You promised dad you would never drink again. You promised us all. You are supposed to be sober all the time.”
Joanne’s eyes snapped open. She rose up on one elbow and peered over the side of the bed into the trashcan. “You didn’t take the last one did you?”
Jake glared at her, “You can’t take care of Molly when you’re drunk. She deserves a mom who can actually cook her dinner and brush her hair. All you want to do is smoke and drink. Every time we come over, I have to feed Molly and put her to bed. You don’t even try anymore.” Jake’s eyes filled with tears. “If you don’t stop mom, I’m telling dad.”
Joanne struggled to sit on the side of the bed. Jake didn’t miss her casual search for the liquor bottle as she moved. She slid the bottle up beside her and sighed. “Jake,” She said softly, “It’s not that simple.”
“Yes it is. You just have to stop.” Jake answered, tears streaming down his face. “Give me that bottle!”
“No, it helps me get to sleep.” Joanne snapped at him and lay back down on the bed clutching the bottle to her chest. “Go to bed Jake.” She added gruffly.
Jake stared at her in the darkness as she took another sip from the bottle and curled up on the bed. His mind flashed to Beth. Why couldn’t his mom be like Beth?
**********
Bash crept quietly up the stairs and into his bedroom. He walked in the door and flipped on the light. He stopped abruptly when he saw Randy sitting on the end of the bed waiting for him. Randy was sitting awkwardly stiff. His face was pale, but his eyes were alert. He rose slowly as pain flashed across his face. He took a deep cleansing breath and said, “Well you certainly look like you’ve been with a girl.”
Bash stood in the doorway waiting for the bomb to drop.
Randy moved slowly toward him adding, “I know you’ve been on your own for a while. However, if you’re going to be part of this family, then you need to keep decent hours. There’s nothing you can do with a girl at three o’clock in the morning that you can’t do at ten.” Randy flashed Bash a quick smile and headed back to bed.
Bash spun to face him and asked, “Randy is there any way I can get in to see Chet? I’m worried about him. He was really close to Joel.”
Randy stopped in the doorway to his room and slowly turned to face him. He studied Bash’s innocent expression then said, “I don’t think that’s a good idea. I thought you were going to distance yourself from him.”
Bash nodded, “I am, but Joel was like a brother to Chet. I think it would help him to know someone out here cares enough to offer condolences. It won’t take long, just a few minutes.”
Randy sighed and stared hard at Bash. He felt like Randy’s eyes were boring into the dark areas of his soul. Finally, Randy said, “You’re a grown man Bash. If you want to see him, I’m not going to stop you. He’s at the county jail. I’ll see what I can set up for Monday.”
**********
Bash was sound asleep in the back seat when Josh pulled up to Joanne’s duplex. He was careful not to slam the truck door. It was early on a Saturday, and he was certain Joanne’s neighbors would not appreciate it. His light knock on the door went unanswered. Knocking louder, Josh called out in a soft voice, “Jake, it's dad. Are you ready to go?”
It wasn’t long before Jake appeared at the door. His sleepy expression and mussed hair told Josh all he needed to know. “Did you forget to set the alarm?” Josh said with a smile.
“Yeah,” Jake answered with a yawn. “Hang on. I’ll be out in a minute.”
Josh squinted into the darkness, but saw only shadows of movement. He heard Molly’s sleepy little voice say, “Don’t leave me.”
She appeared in the doorway and gave Josh a big hug. Josh frowned down at her and scooped her up into his arms. She was wearing the same outfit as last night, including her tennis shoes. He asked, “Why didn’t you put on your pajamas?”
Molly yawned and laid her head on his shoulder, “I forgot.”
Jake appeared with their overnight bags and walked quickly past them to the truck. Josh glanced inside and asked Molly, “Where’s your mom?”
“Shush!” Molly answered, “She’s asleep.”
“Does she know you’re coming with me?” He asked closing the door.
Molly raised her head and kissed his cheek, “Yes, she said it was fine.”
He loaded them in the car and headed back toward the lake house. Making a quick call to Beth, he made sure she was up and ready for Molly. The ride back to the lake was strangely quiet. Josh chuckled at the idea of a grand fishing adventure with his two sleepy companions. Randy wouldn’t be up to a trek along the creek for a few weeks. Josh could tell Jake and Bash’s hearts weren’t committed to catching fish this morning, but he wasn’t giving up.
When they arrived at the house, Josh lifted Molly out of the back seat and carried her sleeping form to the house. Beth met him at the door with a smile. She rushed to the sofa and fluffed the pillows as Josh chuckled and lowered Molly gently onto the cushions.  He said, “I can tell your morning is going to be as exciting as mine. Bash and Jake are sound asleep in the back seat.”
Beth kissed him and pushed him toward the door. “They’ll wake up when you get there. Bring us back some trout. Randy’s counting on a fish fry tonight.”
When Josh reached the river access, Bash was snoring so loudly Josh was amazed Jake was sleeping through it. Josh jumped out of the truck and opened the back door. “Get up, we’re here. Let’s get some fish.”
The cool morning air rushed inside the truck as Josh opened Jake’s door on the other side of the truck. “Let’s go.” Josh said giving Jake a gentle shake then heading to the back of the truck. Pulling the fishing rods and tackle box out of the truck bed, he glanced up and flashed the two sleepy heads a huge smile as they climbed out of the truck. “The first thing you need to know about trout Bash, is not to let them see you coming.”
**********
Beth pulled into the strip mall on the other side of the lake. She helped Molly out of her white SUV, and they headed inside the small bakery that sat on one end of the building. Ordering Molly chocolate milk and two Raspberry Danish, Beth helped her settle at a table near the window and went to fill her coffee cup.
Returning to the table, she found Molly deep into the center of her Danish. Molly smiled up at her and said, “This was a great idea, Beth. I love Danish! Are we having another girl's day out like we did with Amy last year?”
“We sure are,” Beth answered, “We should have more of these. Once you finish breakfast, we'll go next-door to get our nails and toes painted. Then we can call Alice and see if she wants to come over and swim with us.”
“Can mommy come?” Molly asked.
“Sure,” Beth reached into her purse for her phone and handed it to Molly. “Why don’t you call her and see if she wants to meet us at the house in about an hour?”
“Oh, not right now.” Molly stared at the phone, “She sleeps pretty late. Can we call her after lunch?”
“Of course,” Beth answered with a smile.
*********
Bash wasn’t sure what he expected on this fishing trip. However, having all three of them spread out to the point of fishing on their own was not it. He glanced upstream to where Jake stood casting his rod across an open area of water. Beyond him in the distance, Bash could just make out Josh standing on the bank.
This was not fun. It was extremely boring. Bash glared at the water. He got a bite on the first throw and not one since. Reeling in the line Bash headed toward Jake. He caught a slight movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to find two scruffy, scrawny dogs with long legs staring at him from a short distance away, just inside the brush. He quickened his pace and headed straight for Jake.
Tapping Jake on the shoulder Bash motioned toward the brush. The dogs had kept pace with him, still hidden slightly within the brush. “What are those things?” Bash asked quietly.
Jakes eyes grew wide in surprise, and he turned toward Josh, “Dad!” He yelled then turned back to stare at the dogs. Josh stuck his pole into the dirt to anchor it and rushed toward them.
“Coyotes!” Jake said loudly as Josh neared pointing toward the brush.
Bash’s eyes darted back toward the brush. “Are we in trouble?” He asked.
Josh’s hand went to his belt and he strode toward the brush. “No, I’m surprised they ventured this close.” 
The coyotes darted into the underbrush and disappeared. Josh turned around and smiled at them. “It’s nothing to worry about.”
Bash was astonished, “When I turned around and saw them, I thought they were stray dogs.”
Josh came back and patted Jake on the shoulder. “Coyotes are scavengers. They don’t usually attack humans, unless they have an advantage. Once they saw you weren't alone, they took off.”
“Besides,” Jake added with a wicked grin, “Dad’s got a Magnum.”
Josh chuckled and added, “What do you say we call it a day. We’ve caught enough trout for dinner with Amy and Randy. Let’s head home and hit the pool to cool down before we head into town.”
**********
Beth leaned back in the floating lounge chair watching Molly and Alice take turns jumping off the diving board trying to splash her. Beth was careful to stay just out of reach.
“Missed me again,” Beth taunted, “Splash bigger!”
Suddenly a shout came from the side of the house. Jake and Bash came tearing past the corner and ran through the open gate leading to the pool. Josh rounded the corner not far behind them at a quick sprint. Jake hit the water right beside Beth tipping her chair over as Bash dove into the deep end. Josh rolled into a cannonball on the other side of Beth and scooped her up as he rose to the surface.
Molly and Alice didn’t hesitate. They jumped into the pool next to Josh, and everyone began splashing. Beth spun in Josh’s arms, grabbed hold of his head and dunked him. She turned and helped the girls splash Jake. Bash came to his aid with a huge belly flop beside her.
“Oh!” They shouted as one at the sound of the belly flop.
Bash shot straight up out of the water and blanketed the girls with a barrage of water. Josh sprang to the surface and dived on top of Beth rolling with her back under the water. The girls giggled and screamed then raced to use Beth’s lounge chair as cover. Josh crashed through the surface of the water with Beth in his arms and tossed her toward the deep end of the pool.
Bash headed for the side of the pool followed by Jake, and the two began jumping off the diving board. Beth headed for the ladder as Josh swam toward her. He smiled and said, “We have a cooler full of fish in the back of the truck.”
Beth smiled and said, “Great! I told Amy we’d be there around six o’clock. I set the fryer in the garage.” She slowly climbed up the ladder allowing Josh full view of her assets.
**********
Randy was lounging comfortably on the sofa watching football. Emma was asleep in the baby swing next to him. Amy walked slowly up the stairs and into her bedroom. She opened her dresser drawer and stared at Bash’s money. She had to confront him, but what would she say?  Should she tell Randy? Randy would assume it was drug money. Could it be anything else?
Shutting the drawer, Amy headed back downstairs to start dinner. Everyone would be there soon. When they were gone, she would get Bash alone and tell him she took his money then demand an explanation. She’d give him a chance to explain before she told Randy.
When Beth arrived with everyone, Bash was smiling and joking with Josh and Jake. Amy shot a pleased glance at Randy. He flashed an encouraging smile and accepted a big hug from Molly. Josh headed out back to start cooking the fish.
Molly asked Amy, “Can I ride the horses today?”
The sun disappeared behind the mountains, and the sky was turning pink and orange. Amy smiled sadly and said, “Not tonight, honey. It’s getting late.”
Molly’s lower lip protruded into a pout, and she asked, “Can I go see them if Jake comes with me?”
Amy nodded and glanced out the front door. “Yes, that’s fine. Can you bring the dogs in when you come back?”
“Sure,” Molly announced with glee and ran to grab hold of Jake’s arm. “Amy says you can take me to see the horses.”
Jake stared down at her with a blank expression. Bash grinned at his reluctance and said, “I’ll come with you.”
**********
The last of the sunset surrendered to the night sky. The stables were a short distance away from the house through the trees. A narrow gravel road led to the corral beside it. Molly ran to the corral and climbed the fence. She straddled the fence and glanced around.
“Jake,” She asked, “Where are the horses?”
Coming up beside her Jake and Bash scanned the grassy area within the corral. Jake said, “They must be in the stables.”
The stable door was slightly ajar and moved easily. Bash pushed the doors to the side and walked into the dark stable behind Jake and Molly. They glanced in each stall, but the horses we not inside. Jake rushed to the corral and nudged the gate. It opened easily.
“The gate was open.” He said quickly, “They’re gone!”
“No!” Molly began to cry. “Somebody stole the horses.”
Bash walked out into the corral and said, “I don’t think they were stolen, Molly. They just got out of the corral. I’m sure they’re close by. Jake take Molly inside and tell your dad. I’ll start searching for them.”
Bash watched Jake and Molly run through the small patch of trees toward the house. When they reached the grassy lawn, he turned and scanned the area for the horses. It would be just like Pete to sneak in and let the horses out to show his presence. The real question was, would he steal them?
Bash searched the dirt and grass beyond the gate. He could see several horse prints in the dirt beyond the gate. He was no tracker, so if there were other footprints he didn’t see them. At least there were no tire marks indicating a theft. Walking slowly along the tracks Bash searched the deepening shadows for any sign of movement. His thoughts went back to the coyotes, were there any around here? Did Amy say a bear attacked Beth last year?
“Bash?” Josh called from behind him.
“Over here,” Bash spun to face him. “It looks like they went this way.”
Josh and Beth rushed toward him. Josh carried a flashlight and shone it on the ground as they neared. “Beth, can you go get two halters and a bag of feed from the stables.”
Beth turned and disappeared into the darkness. Josh turned to face Bash, “Was the gate lock broken? It was only a year old.”
“I don’t think so,” Bash answered, “The gate was just standing ajar slightly. We didn’t realize it was unlocked until we touched it, and it moved.”
“Sounds like someone let them out.” Josh clarified. “That makes no sense. The horses are older. No one would want to steal them; they aren’t worth more than a few hundred dollars. I’ll check the latch after we find them. Maybe Amy forgot to close it.”
Glancing back toward the stables, Josh added, “They won’t go too far. We’ve kept them mainly in the corral. The woods won’t be familiar. They’ll try to head back once they’ve settled down from the excitement of their escape.”
Bash grinned at him, “Are you serious?”
Josh met his gaze, “Yes, horses are creatures of habit. The fact that both of them escaped will make it a bit harder. They are a pack animal. If only one of them got loose, she would have been back by now. With the two of them together, they’ll feel more secure and wander farther.”
Beth appeared behind them. She handed Josh a rifle and said, “Amy gave me this, she said a bears been getting into their trash at night. They had to start locking it in the garage.”
Josh smiled at Beth; she looked so sexy in the woods at night. Her hair flowed in the breeze and her dark green eyes sparkled in the dim light. He was going to have to get her alone in the woods some night, soon. Suddenly he was aware that Beth was staring at him.
He flashed a wicked grin and said, “Now that I have my trusty side arm, let’s go catch some horses.”
Bash tried not to roll his eyes again; he’d been doing that too much lately. He smiled and stepped aside to allow Josh to lead. They moved deeper into the woods. Bash squinted into the darkness around him. Josh’s flashlight was the only thing keeping them from total darkness under the thick canopy of trees.
Beth’s explanation for the gun suddenly hit Bash, “Wait a minute,” He called to Josh a few steps ahead, “Did Beth say there’s a bear stomping around out here?”
Josh turned and smiled at him, “Don’t worry, you’re making enough noise to scare a family of bears off.”
The trees thinned then opened into a small clearing that ran beside the narrow brook running through Randy’s property. They stopped suddenly. Standing in the cool water drinking their fill were the two horses. Josh turned to Bash and said softly, “The key to catching a horse is to stay calm, speak in low tones and make sure the horse sees you coming. Don’t try to sneak up on it, or you’ll get hurt.” Josh reached into the bag of feed Beth was holding and stuffed a handful into the pocket of his jeans.
Josh handed Bash a halter and added, “Follow my lead. I’ll get Mazie. Once she’s in the halter I’ll lead her back toward you. Flo should follow. If this works the way I hope, Flo should come right to you.”
Bash shrugged his shoulders and glanced at Beth. They both stood silently as Josh moved slowly forward calling to the horses. It felt like an eternity before Josh managed to get Mazie to turn and face him. Once the horse came around Josh moved in closer. “Good girl, Mazie. You are too far from home missy. Time to get you back where you belong.”
As Josh talked, he moved closer making sure Mazie could see his every move. Mazie snorted when he reached her, and Josh froze. “Now, this is no time to get stubborn and bolt on me Mazie.” Josh said softly, “I’m not going to hurt you.”
Slowly sliding the halter around Mazie’s neck, Josh patted her on the shoulder and offered her the feed he had in his pocket.
Mazie nuzzled his hand and nibbled on the feed. When she was done, Josh turned and pulled her gently behind him as they walked toward Bash. Flo nickered and snorted as Mazie left her behind, and then she slowly followed. Bash did as Josh said; he stood still and waited as Flo neared.
“Talk to her,” Josh urged Bash, “Let her know you’re there, make sure she sees you with both eyes.”
Bash felt ridiculous talking to a horse, “Hey Flo, you’ve caused a lot of trouble tonight. Let’s get you back to the stables so Molly will stop crying.”
Flo stopped before him and snorted in challenge. Bash held his ground, “What was that?”  He asked with a smile, “I bet you want some feed like Mazie.”
Beth gave him a handful of feed and Bash held it out slowly to Flo, “Come and get it.” He said, still feeling ridiculous.
Josh moved closer and said quietly, “Let’s get the horses back to the stables, we’re not alone.”
 


Chapter Seven

“Is it a bear?” Beth asked softly glancing around.
Josh reached out and took her hand pulling her with him as he led the horse back toward the stables. “No,” he answered and glanced back to make sure Bash was following with Flo.
When they emerged from the trees, Josh released Beth’s hand and took Flo’s reigns from Bash. “Bash, can you take a look inside the stables and see if there are a couple of padlocks in the storage area.”
Leading the horses to the corral, Josh released them onto the grassy field and examined the gate. “The mechanism is working fine. There’s no way the horses could have forced it without damage.”
Shining the light on the ground Josh frowned. Bash returned from the stables and offered Josh a padlock, “There was only one.”
Josh glanced up at the house and said, “I may have another padlock in my truck. Bash can you lock up the gate for me? I think someone let these horses out. Probably some kids looking for excitement, but we’re going to make it harder for them next time.”
The tone of Josh’s voice didn’t match his words. Beth gazed into the woods as Bash locked the gate. Josh went to his truck and pulled a padlock out of the console. Moving back to the stables, Bash helped him swing the stable door shut and secured them with the lock.
“That should do it.” Josh announced with a smile. “If they want to let the horses out again, they’re going to have to make some noise.”
Josh turned to Bash who was staring intently into the woods and added, “Bash, it’s time for you to learn how to grill steaks.”
Bash turned toward him at the mention of his name and said with a sly smile, “I was born to grill.”
After dinner, Bash slipped upstairs to shower and change. Grace would be dropping by to pick him up soon. He snatched his backpack off the floor and stopped suddenly. It was too light. Digging into the pack Bash gasped, the money was gone.
Randy, it had to be Randy. That’s why the son of a bitch was so insistent about cutting all ties with Chet. That’s why Randy was in such a good mood when he returned so late. That asshole was a dirty cop.
Amy appeared in the doorway as Bash slammed the pack down onto the bed. Amy said, “Bash, we need to talk.”
“Are you kidding me?” Bash answered with a sneer, “Randy got you to do his dirty work? He’s a coward.”
“Bash?” Amy answered sharply, “Watch your mouth. Randy is no coward and what dirty work are you talking about?”
Bash grabbed the stack of clean clothes sitting neatly on the end of his bed and stuffed them into his pack. “Stay out of it Amy!” He ordered, then pushed past her and headed down the stairs. Not waiting for a response, Bash stormed across the room and slammed the front door behind him.
When Bash reached the main road, a pair of headlights appeared in the distance. Bash stood in the cool night air staring at the headlights. He shouldn’t have yelled at Amy; it wasn’t her fault. This was between him and Randy. What was Randy thinking? What did he expect Bash to do when he discovered the money was missing? It made no sense. 
The headlights grew closer, and the vehicle slowed as it neared. Bash suppressed a growl as a dark blue jaguar stopped in front of him. The window slid slowly down, and Pete’s face appeared in the dimly lit interior. He locked eyes with Bash and asked, “What have you got for me?”
Bash took a deep breath and glanced down the road for any sign of Grace’s car. He answered, “He’s in the county jail. I’m getting in to see him Monday.”
Pete smiled, “Good, you’ve got 48 hours. Bring the product to Sadie’s Tuesday night at ten o’clock, and we’ll figure out where we go from here.”
Bash flashed an icy smile. A headlight appeared in the distance. Bash added, “I’ll be there.” He turned and headed for the approaching vehicle.
The roar of the engine reached him before Bash realized it was a motorcycle. He stopped to stare as the bike pulled in next to him. The driver slipped off the full bullet shaped helmet as she stepped off the bike. A cascade of flowing blonde hair fell across Grace’s face as she tucked the helmet under her arm.
“Hey Bash,” She said in surprise, “I could have made it up the drive to the house. You didn’t have to walk down to the road.”
All the tension of his argument with Amy and Pete’s sudden appearance disappeared when Bash saw Grace. “Grace, you are full of surprises.” Bash chuckled, “Is this your bike or did you steal it from your brother?”
“What?” Grace feigned outrage, “Am I too butch for you now?” She sat the helmet down on the seat and walked around the bike to stand before him. “Oh, I get it, City Boy. You’ve never been on a bike before, right?”
“You wish,” Bash countered softly. He wanted to pull her against him and kiss her until she moaned, but he resisted. He didn’t want to scare her. “Your tiny Honda is nothing compared to what I’ve had between my legs.”
Grace’s eyes opened wide in surprise. “I’ll let that comment stand alone.”
Bash stepped closer saying, “Speaking of standing alone, how come you’re so far away?”
Grace smiled and closed the distance between them, leaning against him. “How’s this?”
His arms slipped around her waist, “Perfect,”
**********
Amy stood at the top of the stairs staring at the front door as it slammed shut behind Bash. The living room fell silent. Amy sighed and headed down the stairs. When she reached the landing there was no need to glance around the room, she knew all eyes were upon her. Turning to face the crowd, she smiled brightly and said cheerfully, “Bash left.”
Beth was the first to take the hint and change the subject. She rose and said, “It’s getting late, and I’ve got a book signing in Salt Lake City tomorrow, so we better get going.”
Josh glanced at Randy, who was staring intently at Amy and added, “I’m beat, a couple of bad fishermen wore me out this morning.”
Jake was sitting cross-legged on the floor. He jumped up at his dad’s remark. “I caught 4 fish this morning!”
Josh laughed as Jake began to dance like a boxer ready to fight. Jake added, “I’ll show you something bad!”
Molly came running in from the kitchen headed straight for Josh, “Get daddy!” She yelled just before Josh swept her up and tossed her over his shoulder. 
Josh turned to Randy and asked, “You need help getting up the stairs?”
Randy smiled and said, “We’re fine. I’m sure Bash will be back soon.” He glanced at Amy.
Amy added, “Jake would you like to earn some money mowing our lawn tomorrow. Randy’s not quite up to it yet.”
Jake turned to Randy and in a deep, authoritative voice said, “Twenty bucks.”
Randy chuckled and agreed, “You might want to renegotiate your fee before you’re done. I have a riding mower, but there’s a lot of trimming to be done.”
Jake glanced at his dad and added, “Oh yeah, trimming is extra.”
Josh grinned and said, “If it’s okay with Amy and Randy, why don’t you spend the night? You’ll want to get started early, before it gets too hot. I’ve got to run to the office in the morning, so I’ll pick you up on my way home around eleven o’clock.”
Randy rose gingerly from the recliner. “Jake, you’re welcome to stay if you don’t mind sleeping on the sofa.”
Amy added, “I’ll get you a pillow and blanket.” She turned around the headed up the stairs.
Beth walked to the base of the stairs and gazed up after her. She turned back to Josh and said, “So I guess we’re all set.”
**********
Grace pulled the motorcycle into a large condominium complex. She drove to the far end and parked in a spot under a long row of covered parking. Bash climbed off as she turned off the bike. She climbed off and locked her helmet in a small case at the back of the bike. 
“Who lives here?” Bash asked as she turned to face him.
“I do,” She answered and took hold of his head. “It’s a small two bedroom.” She added as they headed toward the building. 
He followed her up three flights of stairs to the top floor. She opened the door and flipped on the light. The small apartment had dark gray walls and light gray carpeting. The living room was just large enough to hold a small cream-colored sofa, a chair and a narrow glass coffee table. A tiny oak kitchen table with two chairs sat up against the opposite wall. The kitchen was at the far end of the room, and a small hallway led into the back of the apartment.
“So who’s your roommate?” Bash asked moving to sit on the small sofa. 
“My second bedroom is a workout room. I’ve got my weights set up in there.” Grace explained moving into the kitchen. “Do you want something to drink? I’ve got bottled water.”
Bash sat down and frowned as she disappeared, “Any beer?”
“No, sorry, I’m not into beer.” She answered from the darkness of the kitchen that jumped to life as she opened the refrigerator.
“So what are you into?” Bash asked with a grin.
She peaked around the corner of the kitchen and said, “I’m into life.”
Moving across the room, she stopped to grab the remote off the TV stand and place it on the coffee table. “We can go get some beer if you like. Just because I don’t drink, doesn’t mean you can’t.”
“You don’t drink alcohol at all?” Bash asked in surprise.
“Bash, I’m LDS or Mormon as many people call us. We don’t drink alcohol. Well most of us don’t drink alcohol.” Grace explained softly moving around the table toward him. “Emmett’s not sure about his faith right now.”
Bash looked at her serious, yet calm expression. “You’re kidding, right?”
Grace chuckled and said, “No joke, I’m LDS or Mormon if that’s a better term for you, like 60% of the people in Utah.”
Bash frowned, “Do you have three moms and thirty brothers and sisters?”
Laughing Grace sat down beside him and punched his arm saying, “No, those are Fundamentalists. There aren’t many of those left anymore. Most LDS only have one spouse; although I do have ten brothers and sisters. Large families are the norm here.” 
Grace offered him a bottle of water. He resisted the urge to lean slowly against her until she sank down on the sofa and allowed him to crawl on top of her. Instead, he smiled and asked, “So what’s the plan?”
 Reaching out to brush a strand of hair from his forehead she answered, “I don’t know. I thought we could watch a movie or just talk, unless you want to go out somewhere?”
 “Actually,” His smile disappeared, replaced by a grin of embarrassment. “I’m kind of short on cash at the moment…”
Grabbing the remote off the coffee table, Grace leaned back into the cushions and said, “No problem, I’m a big movie buff. I’m sure we can find a great chick flick…”
“Uh, no,” Bash snatched the remote from her hand and leaned back next to her. “There’s this great porn on demand you’ll love about Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf…”
Grace gasped and reached for the remote. Bash evaded her grasp and raised the remote high over his head forcing her closer. He added, “The wolf is a very, bad boy.”
In one swift movement, Grace rolled onto his lap and straddled him as she wrestled for the remote. Bash wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her against him as he thrust the remote behind his head forcing her closer. When Grace finally managed to reach the remote, Bash stopped struggling.
She glanced down to find him gazing up at her. When their eyes met, her breath caught in her throat. His hand slid slowly down her arm and across her shoulder to slide slowly down her back. He gazed longingly up at her and whispered, “Grace, will you be my Red Riding Hood?”
Before she could answer, Bash flashed a wicked grin and threw her down onto the sofa cushions. She squealed with laughter as he rolled on top of her.
**********
Josh reached into the back seat and lifted Molly into his arms. He grabbed both of the kid’s backpacks off the floor of the truck and shut the door softly as Molly snuggled up against him. Glancing up at the star filled sky, Josh headed up the driveway. Beth moved quickly to unlock the front door. She stepped aside to let Charlie in the house, and held the door open for Josh.
Kissing the top of Molly’s head as Josh passed her, Beth said, “I’ll lock up and meet you upstairs.”
Josh headed upstairs to put Molly to bed. He pulled back the covers of her bed and lowered her gently down. She snuggled up against her pile of stuffed animals. He covered her with a blanket. Josh tossed her backpack on the floor at the end of her bed and headed to Jake’s room to do the same.
Jake’s backpack hit the hardwood floor with the resounding crack of broken glass. Josh cringed; Jake must have left a bottle of soda in his backpack again. He grabbed the pack and turned on the bedroom light. Lowering the pack onto the bed, Josh unzipped it and peered inside.
A rush of malt snaked into his nostrils. Josh frowned as he reached inside. When he pulled out a broken bottle of whiskey, Josh stood frozen gazing down at it. “Oh Jake,” He whispered softly, “You’re only fourteen.”
**********
Amy squinted against the bright morning light as she opened the backdoor to let Kilo back inside. He trotted across the room and bounded onto the sofa on top of Jake. “Kilo!” Jake moaned and reached out blindly to push Kilo’s nose away from his face.
“He loves you,” Amy’s voice called from across the room. “You’re his best buddy. He needs someone to wrestle. Randy just hasn’t been up to it lately.”
Jake sat up and put Kilo in a headlock, “I’ll give you someone to wrestle.” He growled as Kilo squirmed out of his grasp and batted at him with his right paw like a drunken boxer. Jake laughed and added, “Oh yeah, you’re a tough guy.” He rolled onto the floor taking the 80-pound dog with him.
“Don’t break any bones.” Amy said walking over with Emma in her arms to sit in the recliner at the far end of the room. She sat quietly watching Jake and Kilo wrestle for a few minutes until Randy walked slowly down the stairs. When he reached the landing, Amy announced, “Jake, I breast feed and Emma is hungry.”
Jake pushed Kilo off him and glanced at Amy. Noting the serious expression on her face, he rose and dodged Kilo’s lunge. Jake ducked around the sofa and headed for the front door. “Is the lawn mower in the garage?”
Randy hesitated a moment then headed after him, picking up his slow pace a bit. He said, “Yes, I’ll help you get it started, the choke sticks.”
Jake opened the door and turned back toward him. “Are you sure?”
“Yeah,” Randy grinned at him, “I’m feeling like an old man. I need some fresh air and sunshine.”`
Amy watched as Randy squared his shoulders and stood up straight. His refusal to give in to the pain showed in the determined expression on his face. Their eyes met for a brief moment. She pursed her lips in an invisible kiss, and he smiled.  
Randy worked with the edger along the sidewalk as Jake mowed the lawn. Between the two of them, they had the lawn done in less than an hour. Amy brought them both a large glass of lemonade as Randy handed Jake a broom to sweep the sidewalk.
Randy accepted the drink and gave Amy a quick kiss. “You read my mind,” He said taking a sip, “It’s going to be a hot day.”
Jake took the glass from Amy and guzzled down the lemonade as he headed toward the house to sweep the sidewalk. The sound of a truck roaring up the gravel drive drew his attention, and he waved as Josh’s truck came into view.
Josh pulled up in front of the garage and climbed out of the truck as Jake hastily swept the sidewalk. Josh gave Amy a quick kiss on the cheek and shot Randy a look of surprise. He said, “Looks like you’re feeling better.”
Randy nodded and sighed, “I was, but I’m ready for a break and a pain pill now.”
Amy moved to his side and wrapped her arm around his waist. “Let’s get you inside.”
Josh stepped forward, “You need a hand?”
Randy grinned and shook his head, “It’s just a little pain. I’ll be fine. Jake did a great job on the lawn. I owe him twenty bucks.”
Josh chuckled and turned back to find Jake heading toward them. Josh added, “I’ll spot you this time. Jake and I need to get going.”
Josh and Jake closed up the garage as Amy and Randy headed inside. Josh checked the horse’s water supply and looked around the back of the garage for bear tracks. Finding no trace of the bear, Josh checked the lock on the gate then headed toward his truck. Jake climbed into the passenger’s seat, and they headed back toward the road.
Josh glanced at Jake, who was staring intently into the woods. “You won’t see the bear son. It’s hiding in a hollow where it’s cool trying to dodge this heat. It won’t come out until after dark.”
Jake frowned and wrinkled his nose. “We should go bear hunting sometime dad. That would be awesome.”
“Hunting bear isn’t like tracking deer.” Josh said turning his attention back to the road. “You do track them. Then you set out some bait along their usual trail and climb up a tree and wait.”
Jake shot him an impressed look, “So the bear comes to you? That’s very interesting.”
Josh chuckled then said, “Son, do you realize this fall will be your first year of high school.”
“Yeah,” Jake said, “So?”
Josh turned the truck onto the main road and headed for the highway. “You’re going to get pretty busy with football and studying. I hope you’ll still want to go hunting with me this fall.”
Jake turned and stared at Josh. He said, “I’ll always want to go hunting with you, dad.”
Josh glanced at his son. He knew this boy. Jake wasn’t a wild kid. Drinking whiskey just wasn’t something Josh expected from him, not at this age. He hadn’t even asked Josh for a sip of his beer yet. They drove for a while in silence. When Josh merged onto the four-lane highway to head to the lake, he glanced back at Jake and said, “When I was your age all Randy and I did was play baseball, bug our dads to teach us to shoot and try to figure out how to talk to girls.”
“Girls?” Jake’s face screwed up into a disgusted knot.
Josh chuckled and added, “Another year or so and you’ll know what I’m talking about.”
Jake laughed, “I know what you’re talking about now, but girls are too much trouble.”
“Keep thinking that way, son.” Josh added, “It will save you a lot of time and effort.”
“So what are you plans for this summer, Jake?” Josh asked, “How are you going to keep busy?”
“Yeah,” Jake answered in a bored tone as he stared out the window.
The highway divided the valley in half. The mountains banked the stretch of road on both sides, disappearing in the distance. The summer air was clean and clear. It looked as if the mountains were a long walk away instead of a couple of miles in the distance.
“Do you and Dillon have any plans?” Josh pushed a bit harder trying to get Jake to talk.
“Dillon’s family is going to Disneyland next week. He’s excited about the trip. They are going to take the camper and stop in Las Vegas on the way.”
Josh smiled, “That’ll be fun. What will you do while he’s gone? The two of you have been connected at the hip lately.”
Jake frowned at him, “I thought I’d spend some extra time at moms since it’s going to be boring around here without him.”
A look of surprise crossed Josh’s face. He shot Jake a sideways look and asked, “Just you? Without Molly?”
“Yeah,” Jake answered quietly. “Mom’s alone all the time. Maybe she’d like some company. I could help her set up that garden on her deck and fix the broken leg on her dresser. Stuff like that.”
Josh gazed back at the road. “So you and your mom are getting along?”
“Yeah,” Jake answered glancing out the window, “She lets us do pretty much whatever we want.”
“Whatever you want?” Josh asked with disbelief.
“Sure,” Jake answered quietly.
“So you can do whatever you want, and she’s fine with it?” Josh clarified.
“Yeah, she trusts me.” Jake turned to look at his dad.
“I’m pretty sure she wouldn’t trust you with a bottle of whiskey.” Josh’s tone was harsher than he intended.
Jake’s face lost all color as Josh turned and locked eyes with him. Josh turned back to the road and added softly, “Jake, I tossed your backpack on the floor next to your bed and heard glass break. When I opened your pack to see what it was, I found a bottle of whiskey.”
“She didn’t know I had it.” Jake blurted out almost too quickly.
Josh kept his eyes on the road and asked calmly, “Where did you get it?”
“I don’t know,” Jake began and then sighed in frustration. “Some kid in the unit down the way had it. He offered it to me. I had to take it. I would have looked stupid if I said no. I never even got the chance to drink it, I swear.”
Josh wasn’t convinced Jake was telling him the whole story, but at least he was talking. Josh began the lecture, “Jake, your mom is an alcoholic. You’re old enough to understand what that means. She can’t drink alcohol at all, not even one sip. When you brought that whiskey into her house, you were taking a huge risk. A risk your mom can’t afford to be exposed to. That’s a risk that could change both your lives.”
“I know mom’s not supposed to drink.” Jake looked down at the floor and added softly, “I’m sorry.”
Josh reached over and took hold of Jake’s shoulder. “Son, it’s natural to be curious about alcohol. I remember what it was like when I was young. However, you’re only fourteen, and you’re going to have to resist the temptation. When someone offers you something you know is wrong, look them square in the eye and say “no” with confidence. Most of the time they will let it go. The ones that don’t aren’t your friends. If they have no respect for you, then you shouldn’t worry about what they think. There’s always going to be a kid that’s cooler, stronger, or more popular than you are. There might even be a better shot out there somewhere. That’s just life.”
Jake kept his eyes on the floor, “I’m sorry dad.”
“It’s okay Jake.” Josh added, “I love you.”
“I love you too, dad.” Jake looked up at him.
“Are you sure you’re telling me everything?” Josh urged gently, “I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s going on.”
“I’m sure,” Jake replied glancing back out the window.
 

Chapter Eight
 
The pins and needles feeling in his foot startled Bash awake. He opened his eyes and smiled at Grace’s sleeping form. She lay on top of him stretched out on the couch. They must have fallen asleep watching the movie. This was not how he intended to spend his first night with Grace; fully clothed with one foot resting on the coffee table.
Bash sat up slowly cradling Grace in his arms. She opened her eyes and stared up at him in confusion. When she realized what happened, she blushed and bolted upright. “What time is it?” She blurted out and glanced at the clock over the TV. “Oh, my gosh, I’m late for work!”
Grace jumped up and rushed into the rear of the apartment. Bash enjoyed the view. Grace raced into her bedroom and snatched a bathing suit, shorts and a shirt from her dresser drawer, then ran to the bathroom.
“Help yourself to anything in the kitchen.” She called to Bash as she closed the bathroom door. “I’m going to take a quick shower, and then we’ve got to get going.”
Bash resisted the urge to offer to wash her back and headed into the kitchen. He helped himself to a bottle of water and pulled a bag of bagels out of the fridge. Dropping two into the four slots in the toaster, he found some cream cheese in the fridge. He pulled a second bottle of water out and placed it on the counter as he waited for the bagels.
He finished his bagel just as Grace appeared from the bathroom followed with a cloud of steam. Her long wet hair hung loosely around her clean face. Bash was startled at how beautiful she was dripping wet, fresh out of the shower with no make-up.
The words, “Hey sexy,” came out before he could stop himself.
Grace blushed and smiled at him.
Bash stepped toward her, “I made you a bagel.” Offering her the bagel smeared with cream cheese wrapped in a paper towel and the bottled water he added, “I’ll drive while you eat.”
“You can keep the bike as long as you pick me up after work.” Grace agreed, she took a bite of the bagel and headed for the door.
“That shouldn’t be a problem.” Bash smiled at the thought of the day spent on a bike and another evening with Grace. “Tonight is my treat. You choose the activity and then its dinner and dancing at Sadie’s.”
**********
Randy glanced at his watch. Bash didn’t come home last night, and Amy was worried. Yet she hadn’t tried to call him on his cell phone. Something was up. Amy spent the entire day cleaning out the closets. That was a clear sign she was upset. Randy rose from the recliner and stretched gingerly. The soreness was gone, replaced by a dull ache in his side. The fatigue was gone as well. The doctor wanted him on leave for at least another week. That wasn’t going to work for him, but first things first.
Emma was asleep in her bed for her mid-morning nap. Amy was cleaning out the pantry near the back of the kitchen. Randy came up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist. Amy’s determined frown vanished, replaced by a smile. She spun to face him and wrapped her arms around his neck as their lips met.
Randy’s hands slid slowly down her back to cup her firm buttocks. He gazed into her eyes as they parted and said, “I’m sorry about the scare. I was careless. It never should have happened.”
Amy leaned against him, “You couldn’t have known.”
“That’s just it Amy, I should have known. It’s my job. I blew it and now a young man is dead.” Randy sighed and added, “But it’s over and we have other issues going on right now. What’s the deal with Bash?”
Amy was dreading this moment. She knew she had to tell him. If Bash were into something bad, Randy was the only one who could help him. “I was cleaning the guest room yesterday and I found a large amount of cash in Bash’s backpack.”
“What?” Randy stared down at her. This was not what he expected to hear. Bash was probably on his way to meet with Chet at that very moment. “You confronted him about it?”
“Not exactly,” Amy admitted, “He discovered it was missing before I could talk to him, and he was so upset there was no reasoning with him.”
“That’s why he stormed out?” Randy released her and took hold of her hand pulling her with him as he moved to sit at the kitchen island. “Did he say where he got the money?”
“No, he was too upset.” Amy answered, “Do you think he’s okay?”
Randy gazed into Amy’s big blue eyes and his heart ached for her. She was in for a rough road with Bash. No kid can grow up in detention and turn out sweet and innocent. Bash was no exception.
“Amy, I’ve got something to tell you and it’s not going to be easy for you to hear.” Randy began taking her hands in his. “I looked into Bash when we first started dating. Your story about your dad and Bash churned in my gut so hard I had to find out what happened to him.”
Amy’s squeezed his hand, her face grew pale. “You’re going to tell me something I don’t want to hear.”
Randy pulled her close. “Baby, he’s had a rough time, you don’t need to know the details, but I think you should know the reason why you didn’t hear from him after he was released. He was arrested for stealing a car less than a month later.”
“He went back to detention?” Amy whispered as her eyes filled with tears.
“He went to prison for 6 months.” Randy explained softly. “I’m sorry Amy. He was probably desperate for money. It’s hard to get a job when you’re eighteen years old and have no experience. The detention center gave him a high school diploma. That should have helped. But baby, he’s not an innocent kid fresh out of boarding school. He’s a grown man. You’re going to have to accept that he’s traveled down a hard road. He’s the only person that can make the turn onto a new path. You can’t save someone who doesn’t want to be saved.”
“I don’t believe that.” Amy snapped, pulling her hands back to wipe away her tears. “He’s been alone for so long, I’m not giving up on him. I don’t care what he’s done. You have to help him.”
Randy reached for her, and she stepped back, “Amy, you know I’ll help him in any way I can. But, he’s got to come clean and face up to whatever is going on, or there’s nothing I can do.”
**********
Bash hated the smell of jail. It was a musty kind of piss odor that penetrated your skin. He sat down in at the small table in the visitor’s area and glanced around. Several women and an old man each sat at a similar small wooden table in the stark white room lined with wire mesh windows waiting to see their particular jailbird. The urge to turn around was overwhelming. He could just walk away and disappear. Maybe he would do just that once he got the information Pete wanted. He could find the meth and sell it, then take Grace and head to the Caribbean.		
Only Bash wasn’t a drug dealer. He didn’t have the slightest clue how to deal drugs. Grace wouldn’t leave her family and her career to run off with a drug dealer. She was a virgin for crying out loud. How did a girl as beautiful and intelligent as Grace manage to reach her twenties without losing her virginity? That was so messed up.
The door at the far end of the room opened and a handful of prisoners began to file through searching for their table. Chet appeared in the door and headed straight for Bash. Bash cringed at the sight of the fresh bruises on his face. He wasn’t doing well in lock-up. Chet pulled out the table and sat awkwardly down in the chair favoring his left side. He said, “Bash, man I am so glad to see you. What’s going on? Is Pete going to help me get out of here?”
“I don’t know Chet,” Bash said quietly, “He’s pretty upset. He thinks you were trying to cheat him.”
“Oh no, that wasn’t on me.” Chet leaned forward, placing his trembling hands on the table. “That was Joel; he said it wasn’t smart to keep it all together.” Chet glanced around the room at the two guards standing by each door. “Just ask Dave.”
“Tell me what happened.” Bash locked eyes with him. “Tell me the truth.”
Chet glanced at the guards again and began in a low voice, “After we did as Joel suggested, we cut across to I-84. We barely hit the highway when that Sheriff pulled us over. I was drunk Bash, dead drunk. I was scared shitless about the meth. Joel wasn’t scared though; he was pissed. He was always pissed. His eyes were dead. He’d look at you, and there was no life inside him. I was so sure Pete told him to kill us once we got him to Cleveland. I don’t know why, I just had that feeling. Dave had it too. He was in the back seat. I guess he just followed Joel’s lead. The Sheriff had me spread eagled on the trunk when they got out of the car. Joel didn’t say a word when the cop told him to back off. He just kept coming. You should have seen the look on his face. It was pure evil. He knew that cop had to die, and he was eager to do it.”
Chet clenched his fists and lowered his head. “I was so scared, Bash. I didn’t know what to do. Dave was walking up fast behind Joel. He looked at me, his face was white, he was scared shitless, but he knew too. He knew what was going to happen. Joel attacked fast; the cop shoved me down on the ground hard when Joel attacked. Dave stepped in a couple of times, but his heart wasn’t in it. He wasn’t doing any real damage. Then the cop managed to pull his gun and shot Joel. Dave screamed like a woman and ran around the car. He was going to run and leave us both.”
Bash frowned at Chet. “So you never attacked the cop?”
“No, I was on the ground scrambling to get out of the way.” Chet looked up at Bash. “Ask Dave.” 
“I can’t ask Dave,” Bash answered softly, his eyes never leaving Chet’s. “I was lucky to get in to see you. Pete needs to cut his losses, and you need to tell me how to do that. You hid something and Pete wants it back.”
“I need a guarantee Pete will understand it wasn’t me and that he’ll get me out of here.” Chet’s face turned to stone. “You have to help me. You said this was a quick trip to make a ton of cash. You said all we had to do was transport Pete’s man  back to Cleveland. You said, if we introduced him to the buyer we’d get some quick cash for the set up and then we could go our separate ways.”
“I know,” Bash admitted quietly, “It was a mistake. The whole thing was a mistake.”
Bash’s stomach churned; he forced down the bile that threatened to rise. He knew the fear inside Chet. He knew what it was like to be afraid to go to sleep at night because you didn’t know who would climb on top of you while you were dreaming. He knew the desperation that consumed your every thought, desperation to escape the horrors that surrounded you.
He took a deep breath and said, “Chet, I’ll do what I can. This is the first step.” He wanted to tell Chet to turn on Pete, to tell them everything. He wanted to tell him to save himself and fuck the others. He wanted to tell him he was sorry for pulling them all into this mess. Instead, he offered, “Tell your lawyer the truth about that night Chet. You aren’t a cop killer. Dave has always been trouble. If you try to back him up, he’ll pull you down with him. This is serious Chet, don’t go down for something you didn’t do. Listen to your lawyer and do what he tells you. If he says you should turn on Joel, do it. He’s dead, you can’t help him. If he says turn on Dave, then you do it.”
“What about Pete?” Chet whispered.
Bash glanced down at the table. “You don’t know anything about Pete, Chet. There’s nothing you can tell the cops that can help them or hurt Pete. So tell them the truth, but leave Pete and me out of it. I’ll see if I can get Pete to bail you out. Now, where do I go to make that happen?”
Chet leaned forward, “There’s some sort of utility shed in the canyon heading from Ogden up to the reservoir. It’s about half way between a big lodge and the base of the dam. It sits on the left next to the river at the end of a small road the runs along the mountain. We stuck it under the back of the shed.”
**********
Josh squeezed the phone hard, “Joanne, it’s important to Jake. He just wants to spend some time with you.”
Joanne sat in the darkness in her apartment. The shades were drawn, and the window AC unit was blasting cold air across the dark room. “I’m working full-time now Josh. My hours are crazy. I don’t think it’s a good idea. Tell him, I’ll see him next weekend.” She disconnected the phone quickly, before Josh could argue further.
“You coming?” A deep voice called from Joanne’s bedroom.
Joanne rose and headed toward the bedroom cradling a bottle of wine in one hand. She wore only the oversized plain white t-shirt that belonged to her new friend.  “On my way lover,” She cooed.
**********
Amy stared out her bedroom window at the long gravel drive. She glanced at the cell phone in her hand and sighed. She lifted the phone and entered Bash’s number.
Bash glanced down at the phone as he climbed onto Grace’s bike. He cringed and answered it, “Yeah?”
“Bash?” Amy sighed with relief. “Where are you? Are you okay?”
Bash glanced back at the three story brick building holding the county jail and said, “I’m fine, I stayed with Grace last night.”
“We need to talk.” Amy said quickly.
“Tell Randy I want my money back?” He wasn’t going to beat around the bush with her. He didn’t have time. 
“He doesn’t have it.” Amy answered confused.
“What?” Bash snapped, “Where is it?”
“I have it.” Amy glanced toward the bedroom door. “I’ve always had it.”
“You took it?” Bash couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Why would you do that? Amy, that was my money?”
Amy moved quickly to shut the door. “There was so much of it, Bash. I was scared.” 
“You have no right to go into my room and look through my things.” Bash fought to control his anger.
“Where did you get the money, Bash? Tell me it’s not drug money.” Amy asked boldly, ignoring his comment.
“It’s mine, dad left it to me.” Bash snapped, “Half of it is yours. I was going to tell you.”
Amy sat down on the bed and rolled her eyes. “Bash don’t be ridiculous, dad didn’t have any money. The house was worth less than he owed, and there was nothing in the bank.”
“Look, I don’t have time to go into this, but I need my half of the money back. You’re just going to have to trust me until I have time to explain.” Bash added, “I’m coming by for the money. You don’t have to give me all of it but I need at least a hundred. I’ll see you in about an hour.” He hung up, started the motorcycle and headed to Amy’s house.
The hot summer air rushed over him as he rode. His mind went back to Chet. Pete wasn’t going to help him even if he got the Meth back. Pete didn’t give a shit about Chet and Dave. Bash wondered if Chet was right about Joel. Did Pete send him to clean house? Were they going to introduce him to Chet’s dealer Mick and die in a hail of gunfire like something out of a gangster movie?  Bash forced the thought from his mind.
He’d made a real mess of things just trying to get a free ride to Utah. Bash knew he was hooking up two drug dealers. He was an idiot to think when they picked up Joel no drugs would be involved. After all he’d been through; he’d acted like a naive kid. Bash clenched his jaw. He’d ignored the drugs. He’d talked himself into thinking it was just a ride across country. He convinced himself that it was all just a means to an end, that the drugs had nothing to do with him. He’d convinced himself it was no big deal as long as he wasn’t involved in the deal to buy or sell. He’d stupidly thought it was all no big deal. 
*********
“Give it back to him?” Randy answered louder than he intended. “Amy, we don’t know where that money came from. As an officer of the law, I can’t just turn a hunk of mysterious cash over to a twenty-one year old and pretend it never happened.”
Amy sat Emma in her swing and turned it on. “Randy, Bash said it was our father’s money. It’s not drug money. He has every right to it.”
Randy gazed at Amy. She was an intelligent woman. She knew better. “Amy you’re allowing your emotions to cloud your judgment. That makes no sense. Your dad has been dead for almost 10 years. If he left anything behind of any worth, it would have come to you when you turned eighteen. It wouldn’t have come to Bash. He killed your father. He wouldn’t get a dime.”
“I don’t know how it happened.” Amy said calmly coming to sit down on the sofa beside him. “Randy, you don’t have any siblings, but you do have Josh. If Josh told you a wild story and asked you to trust, him wouldn’t you do it?”
Randy leaned back into the sofa and sighed, “Josh hasn’t been in prison.”
Amy stared at him. She didn’t speak, didn’t move. Randy locked eyes with her. “Baby, I love you. I want to believe what Bash says, but my gut tells me he’s gotten in over his head in something nasty.”
Amy’s eyes dropped to stare at her hands folded neatly in her lap. She leaned back into the sofa and covered her face with her hands. “What are we going to do?” She whispered.
“When he shows up, let me talk to him.” Randy wrapped his arms around her and pulled her against him. “If he needs money, I’ll give him fifty bucks out of my wallet, but he’s not touching that money until I am satisfied it wasn’t acquired illegally.”
By the time Bash arrived, Amy was upstairs putting Emma down for her afternoon nap. Randy walked out onto the porch as Bash pulled up on the bike. Walking slowly down the steps, Randy met Bash at its base and offered him a glass of lemonade saying, “If you’re not used to the dry Utah air, you can get dehydrated pretty fast.”
Bash accepted the glass and took a long drink. Randy was right. He had a mild headache from the long hot drive. “Thanks,” Bash offered glancing past him toward the house. “Where’s Amy?”
Randy moved to sit on the steps, “She’s putting Emma down for a nap.” He gazed expectantly up at Bash and said, “Amy told me about the money.”
Bash clenched his jaw, “You can hold back the lecture. I don’t need it. The money is legally mine. Half of it is Amy’s. I don’t have to explain it to you. You’re not my dad or my lawyer so back off.”
Randy glanced at the bike then back at Bash, “You’re right, I’m not your dad. I’m your brother-in-law, the man who loves your sister. Because I love your sister, I’m willing to cut you some slack. However, I’m also a cop. As a cop, I have to wonder how an unemployed twenty-one year old kid managed to get his hands on so much money.”
“Are you going to arrest me?” Bash snapped at him.
“I hope not.” Randy answered calmly. “Bash, I can’t help you if you don’t tell me what’s going on?”
His words, the same words Bash said to Chet shook Bash to his core. Randy noticed his startled expression and added, “You may not believe this, but I’m on your side Bash. If you’re trying to walk away from something, I can help you.”
Bash shook off the feeling of deja vu and stared intently at Randy. For a brief moment, he was tempted to come clean, but it quickly faded. He’d give him a bone of truth. Moving to sit down beside Randy Bash began, “The money was meant for my dad. An old widow lived next door to us. I remember her. She had white hair and was so tiny and frail. She looked like she was a thousand years old. Dad was always doing odd jobs for her. She didn’t have any kids to help her. Apparently every time he came over and unclogged her toilet or snaked out her plumbing, whatever it was, she would offer to pay him. He always said no. I remember dad laughing about how she was always promising him her husband’s car parked in the garage. He told me when I turned sixteen we’d go over and see what was in there.”
Bash glanced at Randy. They both knew that day never came. Bash continued, “Apparently she put it in her will. She died a few months ago. The neighbor across the street contacted me. I met the lawyer at her house. It turned out to be a 1969 Dodge Superbee. It was in perfect condition, metallic green with a black leather interior. It was incredible. The lawyer offered me fifty grand for it on the spot, and I took it.”
Randy stared into the distance listening to Bash’s story. He asked, “What was it like being back home?”
Bash turned and stared at him for a moment. “I didn’t want to look at the house. I didn’t want to see it.”
Randy didn’t turn to look at him. “Was someone living there?”
“Yeah,” Bash answered glancing at Grace’s bike. “It looked good. It had new siding and shutters on the windows. My mom would have liked it.”
“Was it hard?” Randy asked softly.
Bash stared hard at the spokes on Grace’s tires. “I came to terms with what happened a long time ago. I did what I had to do to save Amy. Dad got lost after mom died. I think she was the only thing keeping him sober. He wasn’t the same man when he drank. He got mean, real mean. Amy always seemed to be surprised when he came home drunk and started yelling. I think it was because she was so busy trying to fill mom’s shoes. She always seemed to be in his way when he was drunk. I knew, I knew every Friday and Saturday night he’d be drunk. So I made sure I was gone all weekend long. Maybe that was wrong. I don’t know. Maybe I should have stayed home and protected Amy.”
“You couldn’t protect me, Bash.” Amy’s voice came from behind them. Bash rose and turned to face her as she continued. “You were just a kid. I didn’t want you to see dad like that. He wasn’t the man we knew growing up.” Amy walked down the steps to Bash. Randy rose and backed away to give them space. “Our dad disappeared the day mom died. You did the right thing getting away. I was the one who was wrong. I thought I could change him, bring him back. I thought if I kept the house nice and made dinner for him every night that one day he’d remember how much he loved us, and he’d stop drinking.” Amy’s voice caught in her throat, her eyes filled with tears. “I was wrong. He wasn’t going to change. He was an alcoholic. He was going to kill me that night. If you hadn’t stopped him I’d be dead, and I don’t think he would have stopped with me.”
Amy rushed into Bash’s arms and clung to him. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly. He wouldn’t let the tears come. They were something from the past. He wasn’t going to cry anymore over what happened that night. “Amy,” he said softly kissing the top of her head. “I know things were hard on you after dad died. I know you tried to get me out of detention. I’m grateful for everything you’ve done for me, including letting me stay with you now.” He released her and looked into her eyes. He knew he had to get free of Pete and start a new life. “I know I’ve made a mess of my life, and I promise you,” He looked beside him at Randy and added, “both of you. I’m going to clean up this mess and never look back.” He looked Amy, “We both need to forget the past. It’s done. It can’t be changed.”
Randy took a step toward them and nodded, “Bash is right, Amy. You and I have started building a future. It’s time Bash did the same.” Randy looked at Bash and pulled his wallet out of his back pocket. He handed him two fifty dollar bills and added, “Bash, you are not alone. Whatever it is you have to finish I wish you’d let me help you.”
Bash took the cash from him and said, “Randy, you’re going to have to trust me. It’s better this way.”
Randy locked eyes with Bash and added, “I understand, but now I need you to understand. If what you’re doing comes to my door, I will deal with it to the full extent of the law and the law doesn’t make exceptions for relatives.”

 


Chapter Nine

Josh gazed across the table at Beth. She smiled at him and then gazed out across the dance floor. Sadie’s on a Sunday night was calm and quiet. The jukebox was playing a lazy county song, and the floor was empty. Beth’s long, dark hair floated across her shoulders as she turned back to face him. Her large green eyes sparkled in the dim light. Josh was amazed at how beautiful she looked in that plain blue t-shirt and jeans. He couldn’t imagine Beth looking more beautiful, even in an evening gown.
“You want me to ask you to dance?” He said with a smile as their eyes met.
“Would that be too embarrassing?” She challenged, “I wouldn’t want anyone to think you’d gotten soft.” 
Josh slid out of the seat and offered her his hand, “If dancing to a slow tune with a beautiful, sexy woman is making me soft, then bring it on.”
Beth allowed him to pull her out onto the dance floor. She wrapped her arms around his neck as he pulled her against him, and they began to sway slowly to the music. The world around them faded slowly away as their eyes met. Beth leaned against Josh allowing her breasts to brush against his chest as they moved. His eyes sparkled with arousal as her hands moved to his shoulders, and she began to kiss his neck.
“Careful woman or I’ll take you right here on the dance floor.” Josh chuckled and kissed her. He pulled back and reached to caress her bare shoulders when a quick movement caught his eye.
Josh froze as his eyes shifted toward the door. Joanne dashed toward the exit and slipped quickly through the door. Beth turned to follow Josh’s gaze and saw the door swinging shut behind Joanne.  “What is it?” Beth asked gazing at the stone expression on Josh’s face.
“Joanne,” Josh’s voice was void of emotion. 
**********
Bash followed Grace into a blue room with padded walls and a three story high ceiling. “Are you sure about this?” He asked glancing down at his ridiculous green nylon jumpsuit that matched Grace’s.
“This is going to be awesome.” Grace smiled and let him to a small platform at one side of the room. “Once they turn on the air you jump spread eagle out into the center and off you go.”
Indoor skydiving sounded crazy, but Grace was into it, so Bash wasn’t about to say no. As they stepped onto the platform, a humming sound turned into a roar and a rush of air burst from the floor in front of them. Grace sprang from the platform. She was quickly caught up in a rush of air and floated up several feet above Bash's head.
Bash laughed and launched himself beside her. Grace showed him how to open his arms and legs wide to gain height, and then pull them in to dive toward the floor. They rolled and screamed as the air tossed them around. Bash’s only disappointment was that the seventy-dollar experience only lasted a few minutes.
They stripped off the flight suits and headed deeper into the game center. As Grace pulled Bash from glow in the dark miniature golf to bumper boats and on to the arcade he forgot about Pete and Chet. He forgot about Randy and the money. He forgot about the meth. For the first time since Bash killed his father, he was living in the moment without a care in the world, and it felt good.
The sky held on to the last trace of sunlight as Grace slipped her hand into Bash’s. The cool night air felt good after the heat of the day. Bash was surprised at how eager he was to get away from the city and back up into the mountains. They walked across the parking lot as cars searched for spots to begin their night at the gaming center. Grace reached up and smoothed back his golden hair. “I like you Bash,” she said softly, “You’re so much fun.”
Bash pulled her closer and slid his arm about her shoulders. “I like you too Grace. I can relax with you.”
Grace blushed and added, “About last night…”
“Grace,” Bash interrupted, “I like spending time with you. Let’s just leave it at that. I won’t force you to do something you’re not ready for.” 
They reached the bike parked under a street light. He turned to her, “Please don’t take this the wrong way, but I need a place to stay tonight.”
Grace laughed and said, “I’ve got you covered, dork.”
He chuckled and climbed on the bike. Grace climbed up behind him and added, “Let’s head to Sadie’s and grab a bite before we head back to my place.”
Sadie’s had a small amount of cars in the parking lot. Walking inside they headed toward the booths at the far end of the room. As Bash waited for Grace to slide into her seat, he caught sight of Pete and a couple of his cronies walking in the door and heading for the bar. Bash sat down across from Grace and forced himself to concentrate on the conversation at hand. He was keenly aware of the challenging glare Pete shot in his direction.
Bash jerked slightly in surprise when Josh and Beth walked up to their table. Josh offered Bash his hand and said, “We were just leaving and thought we’d stop by and say hello.”
Bash rose and shook Josh’s hand. Beth gave him a quick hug, and they both turned to smile at Grace. Bash stammered quickly trying to introduce them. “Grace, this is Josh and Beth Miller.”
Grace smiled in greeting and said, “Yes I know, my brother, Emmett, is working for Josh this summer earning money for college.”
Josh nodded and said, “Yes, Emmett’s a good kid. He’s a hard worker. It’s nice to see you Grace. How’s your mom?” 
“She’s doing fine.” Grace answered glancing at Beth. “Beth, mom says she owes you some plum jelly. The apple butter you gave us last fall lasted all winter.”
Beth laughed, “I love plum jelly! I bought a plum tree and a blueberry bush last month so I can eventually make my own if I can figure out how to do it.”
“It’s actually really easy. I’d be happy to come by when you’re ready and help you make your first batch.” Grace offered.
“I’ll hold you to that, Grace.” Beth added.
Josh said, “We’ve got to get going. Have a good night.”
Bash glanced back at Pete as Josh and Beth turned to leave. He glanced at Grace and said, “Grace, I need to talk to someone for a minute. I’ll be right back.” 
Grace glanced in the direction Bash was looking and said, “Okay, I’ll order a pizza if the waitress comes before you get back.”
He might as well give Pete the news now and get him off his back for good. Bash moved with slow purpose toward Pete. He sat at the bar in between his two companions. They rose as Bash approached. Pete waved his hand, and they sat back down. He spun the barstool around to face Bash and said, “You got news for me?”
“Yeah,” Bash said quietly, “Chet says Joel wanted to separate the lot. He wasn’t clear why. Joel took them to a small storage shed just off the reservoir canyon road about a half mile before the dam. He says they hid it under the back of a small shed. Chet and Dave didn’t have anything to do with it. They were scared shitless of Joel, so they did whatever he said.”
Pete’s face was void of emotion. He asked, “Did you get it.”
“No,” Bash answered sharply, “That’s on you. I’m out of it.”
“You’re out of it when I say.” Pete snapped.
Bash locked eyes with Pete, “Pete, you’re business is with Mick, not me. I was just a messenger boy, and now that’s over. I’ve done everything I’m going to do for you.”
Bash didn’t give Pete a chance to reply. He spun and headed back to Grace. Bash wasn’t naive enough to expect Pete to accept his declaration. He hoped recovering the meth would distract Pete long enough to forget about him. 
The waitress was leaving their table when he got back. Grace smiled at him and said, “I ordered you a beer. I hope I told her the right kind.”
Bash chuckled and said, “At this point I’ll take anything.”
The smile vanished from Grace’s face. She resisted the urge to turn and look at the bar behind her. “What happened?”
“Just wrapping up a piece of my past,” Bash admitted. “There's nothing to worry about.”
Grace took him at his word and changed the subject. “Tomorrow a bunch of us are hiking up the canyon. We’re trying to build up our stamina in preparation for a hike through Zion National Park. It has a trail you have to rappel down to reach, wade across streams and do a bit of rock climbing to get through. It’s awesome! Do you want to come?”
Bash flashed her a look of amazement and said, “No,”
She laughed, “No to which? Hiking tomorrow or Zion?”
“I’m pretty sure it’s no to both.” Bash laughed.
“Oh,” Grace answered quietly.
Bash could tell she was disappointed. He added, “I’m not much of a hiker, Grace.”
“You’re in great physical shape Bash.” Her face brightened, “I think you could do it. You might like it if you just give it a chance. We always have a great time. You met everyone who’s coming the other night.”
“I’ll think about, Grace. But I’m not promising anything.” Bash didn’t want to disappoint her, but he was not interested in the nature experience.
**********
When they reached town, Josh turned the truck in the wrong direction. Beth stared at him and said, “Josh, just because Joanne was at Sadie’s doesn’t mean she was drinking. I don’t think it’s your place to challenge her.”
Josh pulled up in front of Joanne’s duplex and turned off the truck. He turned to look at Beth, “You don’t know her, Beth. When she’s drinking nothing else matters and it escalates quickly to drugs. She has no self-control. It’s been all or nothing with Joanne her whole life. Either she’s clean or she’s a drunk and junkie. I don’t want Jake and Molly exposed to that.”
Beth reached out and touched his arm. “I know it’s hard, but you’re upset right now. If you storm up to her door, she’s going to get defensive. You’ll get into a big fight over what could be nothing. I think you need to wait until tomorrow and talk to her calmly.” 
Josh stared at Beth, “Baby, I hope you’re right. If she's been drinking, I won’t have to say a word. I’ll know it when I see her.”
Beth relaxed back into the seat. “Okay, so let’s look at it this way. It’s late. She’s probably home safe for the night, so nothing is going to happen tonight. The kids aren’t scheduled to see her until next weekend, so they are fine for now. If Joanne is off the wagon, it’s going to show sooner or later and right now we can afford to wait one more day.”
Joanne stood at the window gazing through the curtain at Josh’s truck. “Don’t get out, don’t get out, do not get out.” She whispered. When the lights flashed to life, Joanne breathed a sigh of relief. As the truck backed out and disappeared down the road, Joanne went to work on the apartment.
**********
Bash and Grace stood at the cash register waiting for the waitress to ring up their bill. Bash placed himself strategically between Grace and Pete’s entourage. A young man in fatigues sat on the opposite side of Pete’s group talking with them. Bash heard the man say, “Yeah, I hiked out here all the way from Indiana. I’m heading to Las Vegas. A friend of mine is opening a bar, and I’m going to help him out. My investment should be just enough to get him up and running, then the sky’s the limit. I’ll be in Vegas with cash coming in and naked women all around me. Sounds like heaven on earth to me.”
Bash cringed as Pete asked, “What are you using as collateral?”
“No collateral.” The soldier said, “Cash, cold, hard, cash.”
Bash’s heart sank. He knew what that meant. Pete saw a clean mark, and he was going to make the most of it. Pete said, “If you need a place to crash tonight, we’ve got a little cabin just outside of town. You’re welcome to bunk with us.”
The soldier nodded and rose from his chair. He headed to the cigarette machine near the door.
Bash handed the waitress cash and followed Grace toward the door. He stopped next to the soldier after Grace passed and waited until she was outside. He leaned in to look at the cigarettes and said, “Buddy, you don’t want to hang out with those guys. They are bad news.”
The soldier turned to look at him and said, “Friend, I did two tours in Afghanistan. I can handle myself. Don’t worry about it.” He slurred his last words as the whiskey shots Pete bought him began to take effect. 
Bash watched him stagger back across the room. Bash clenched his jaw and turned to follow Grace out the door. When they reached her apartment, he let Grace climb off the bike before he said, “Grace, I’ve got something I have to do. I’m sorry, but can I borrow your bike?”
Grace frowned at him, “You have to go now?”
Bash reached out and took hold of her hand. “Yes, those guys at the bar are about to stir up some trouble. I want to head it off before it gets started. It shouldn’t take long. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“Are you sure Bash?” Grace squeezed his hand. “I don’t like the way those guys looked.”
“I’m sure,” Bash answered and started the bike.
Grace stepped back to allow him to turn around. He couldn’t look at her face. He had a terrible feeling his past was never going to let him go. Grace was something pure, something genuine. He had no right to bring his garbage into her life. It was at that moment he realized, Grace was better off without him.
Bash slowed down as he neared Sadie’s. He could see four men getting into a car. It had to be Pete and the soldier. Damn! Bash waited for them to pull out and followed at a distance. He had no idea where this cabin could be. He was sure Pete didn’t have a place up here. Pete was from Los Angeles. They must have broken into someone’s vacation cottage.
They drove a short distance then turned off the country road onto a one-lane gravel drive. Bash turned off the bike and pushed it up the drive. He hid it in a patch of trees where the forest opened up into a clearing. A small cottage sat in the center of the clearing next to a tiny one-car garage. He watched as they went inside. The lights came on as the door closed.
Bash didn’t wait. He headed for the door. There was no telling what Pete had in mind. He wasn’t going to wait to find out. Bash stormed up to the door and strode boldly into the house. Pete had the soldier sitting in a short armchair in the center of the room, next to the sofa.
Pete’s two henchmen spun in surprise when Bash walked in the door. They glanced at Pete then moved quietly to the far end of the room behind the soldier. Bash flashed a smile and said, “You forgot to invite me to the party.”
Pete’s eyes narrowed, “You followed us?”
“Yeah, I thought I’d give the soldier here a ride to the bus station in Ogden.” Bash moved slowly forward offering the soldier his hand.
“He’s not going anywhere.” Pete snapped. His hand moved around to his back as he stepped toward Bash.
The soldier accepted Bash’s hand and allowed Bash to pull him up out of the chair. Bash held his ground as Pete advanced, “You don’t need this kind of trouble, Pete. You need to lay low until you get your product. There’s already a lot of heat because of the shooting. You don’t want to add to it.”
Pete smiled at Bash. His hand reappeared holding a small handgun. “I am amazed each time you try to order me about. I’ve tolerated your attitude because I needed your help. But now you’re just getting in the way.”
Pete shot a look at his henchmen, and they pounced. Acting as one, they took the soldier from behind. Bash saw the flash of a blade too late to react. The soldier’s eyes opened wide in surprise as they shoved the knife into his chest.
“No!” Bash yelled diving toward them. A shot rang out, and Bash felt a fiery pain dig into his side.
The henchmen shoved the soldier hard into Bash. Bash tumbled backward from the force of the blow. The soldier landed on top of him. Bash shoved him off and rose as the henchmen attacked. He took a step forward and sank to his knees. Glancing down, Bash grabbed at the burning sensation in his side. His hand came back covered in blood. The pain in his side went numb, and he sank to the floor beside the soldier.
Bash gazed into the soldiers lifeless eyes. He rolled on his stomach and tried to rise. Pete walked slowly over to his side and said, “I’m not going to kill you yet, Bash. Not until we check out the storage shed. You better hope the meth is there.” Pete knelt beside him and punched him on top of the wound.
Bash grunted and sank to the floor. Pete added, “Do you know what I do to betrayers Bash? I peel off their faces and feed it to them one piece at a time until they choke on it.”
Pete rose and added, “then, I’ll find your little girlfriend and feed her the rest. That little blonde bitch of yours will bring top dollar from my South American buyers.”


 
 
Chapter Ten

Grace jumped up from the sofa when her cell phone rang. “Hello?” she asked.
“Grace,” Bash’s hoarse whisper came across the phone. “Come outside, I need you.”
Grace bolted for the door and tore it open. She rushed down the stairs. Bash’s voice sounded awful. Something was wrong, terribly wrong. She jumped the last three steps and sprinted for her parking spot. She could see the bike, but where was Bash?
As she neared, she realized Bash was lying on the ground face down next to the bike. “Bash!” She gasped when she reached him. Rolling him over gently Grace’s heart raced at the sight of his blood soaked t-shirt. “I’ve got to get you to the hospital.”
“No,” Bash opened his eyes to gaze up at her. “No, I’ll be okay. Just get me inside.”
She helped him to his feet, wrapping his arm around her shoulders. They struggled up the stairs. Grace took as much of his weight as she could manage. Moving to the sofa, she laid him down and rushed to the bathroom for some towels and antiseptic.
“What happened?” She asked when she returned and knelt beside him.
“There was a fight,” Bash whispered as she ripped his shirt open to reveal the wound. “I lost.”
Grace stared at the wound then looked at Bash’s pale face. “Is that a bullet wound? Have you been shot?”
“Yeah,” Bash said between gasps for air. “But it’s a through and through I just need to be cleaned up.”
“Cleaned up?” Grace questioned loudly. “No, this is serious you could be bleeding internally.”
Bash reached up and took hold of her hand. “Grace, I can’t go to the hospital. You know my history. I need you to help me.”
Grace lowered her head for a moment and closed her eyes. She opened her eyes and pulled the standing light closer. “I know someone who can help,” she lifted Bash gently and placed a folded towel beneath him. “He’s not a doctor; he’s a snow patrol paramedic.”
“Grace,” Bash shook his head.
“Bash,” Grace said sternly, “You’re going to have to trust me.”
**********
Amy stood outside the shower stall with her hands on her hips. “It’s six o’clock in the morning, Randy. You never get up this early, and the doctor says you aren’t supposed to return to work for another two weeks.”
Randy stood inside the shower taking his time washing his hair. “Amy, I love you, but the holiday traffic is about to arrive, and Ed has been struggling with the minor day to day issues. You know he’s past retirement age. He can’t handle the holiday rush. I promise I’ll be a desk jockey and let Ed do all the leg work, but I’ve got to go in and get things organized before this weekend.”
Amy pulled open the shower door and glared at him. Her eyes softened as they ran down the length of him. Scars covered his firm muscular chest and arms. Amy’s heart melted at the thought of the pain he’d endured. She sighed and said, “I’m holding you to that promise, and you’re taking Kilo with you.”
He turned to look at her allowing the water to wash over him. She couldn’t help but smile at his sultry expression. He asked softly holding out his hand, “Care to join me?”
Before she knew it, Amy was under the shower with him. His lips met hers, and she eagerly helped him strip the damp clothes from her body. 
**********
Josh knocked on Joanne’s door and waited patiently for her to answer. She opened the door and stared at him in surprise. Despite the early hour she was fully dressed, her hair done and makeup on. Josh was not impressed.
“Joanne, we need to talk.” Josh said calmly.
Joanne opened the door and allowed him to enter. The blinds were open, and sunlight filled the room. The air conditioner blasted cool air across the small living room. Joanne moved to the sofa and turned to face him. “Have a seat Josh and tell me what’s going on? Has something happened to Beth or one of the kids? Is everything okay?”
Josh sat down and glanced around the room. The house was clean and tidy, which was unusual for Joanne. He said, “I caught Jake with a bottle of whiskey. He says he got it from the kid down the street. I explained why he couldn’t bring liquor into your house. I hope you don’t mind.”
Joanne gave him a bland smile and said, “I understand, he’s old enough to take responsibility for his actions. I think I know which kid he’s talking about. I’ll let his mother know what happened.”
She yawned and added, “Sorry, I worked late last night. Would you like a soda or a bottle of water?”
“No, thanks,” Josh stared at her wondering if her make-up was covering dark rings under her eyes. He glanced at her hands. They were perfectly manicured, no sign of meth degradation. “So how is your job going?”
“Good, I’m getting lots of hours. The pay is low but overtime makes up for the difference.” She sighed and glanced toward the door. “I was actually getting ready for work when you dropped by.”
“Joanne,” Josh said softly, “Are you doing okay? You shouldn’t have to work overtime to make ends meet. I’m paying the rent. If you’re not able to make ends meet, I’d be happy to sit down with you and help you create a budget.”
“No,” Joanne snapped, “I don’t need a budget, Josh.”
Josh was pleased to see some emotion. He decided to push further, “If it’s something else, now is the time to tell me. Whatever it is, just tell me. I’ll help you if I can.”
The same bland smile returned, and she said, “I could use a new car.”
Josh’s eyes narrowed, “What’s wrong with the truck I bought you?”
“Nothing,” Joanne answered as she rolled her eyes. “It’s just not the kind of vehicle I usually drive.”
“Joanne,” Josh couldn’t suppress the grin that spread across his face. “You haven’t owned a car in years. However, the truck is yours; it’s in your name. Trade it in for something else if you like. I don’t care. You should be able to get a car loan at this point, but if you need a co-signer. Let me know.”
Something was different about her, but he couldn’t figure out what it was. She was lucid, and the house was clean. He decided to let it go. “Are you sure you can’t find one night this week for Jake to come and stay with you? He’d really like a little one on one time with his mom.”
Joanne sighed and said, “I do have Wednesday night off. I guess it’s okay if he comes over. But I need you to pick him up early on Thursday.”
“No problem,” Josh rose and smiled at her. “I’ll drop him by around 4 o’clock.”
**********
Grace lay across the end of the bed sleeping. Bash opened his eyes, took a deep breath and immediately regretted it. An IV hung over the bed connected to his wrist. He gazed up at it in confusion. His gaze moved to Grace’s sleeping form then to the young man who stood in the doorway. He moved slowly to the side of the bed and reached down to take hold of Bash’s wrist to take his pulse.
“You’re incredibly lucky,” He said quietly, “You could have died. You should be in the hospital. If your fever is still high this evening, that’s exactly where you’re going.”
Grace sat up quickly and slid off the bed. She hurried around the other side and sat down beside Bash. Glancing at the stranger, she placed her hand on Bash’s forehead. “You’re burning up.” Looking up at the stranger, she asked, “What can you do Liam?”
He frowned at her and said, “Grace, I’ve given him an antibiotic and cleaned the wound. We’ve changed his bandages. I want to let the fever burn out the infection with the help of the antibiotics. I’ll administer another dose in a few hours then we have to wait. If he’s not better by supper we have to get him to the hospital, and they’ll be hell to pay for all of us.”
Bash heard them speaking. They sounded as if they were standing at the far end of a tunnel. He gazed sleepily up at Grace. He tried to speak, but his tongue felt like sandpaper. Grace disappeared and returned a few minutes later with a cup full of crushed ice. She placed a small spoonful on his tongue and said, “Try not to talk Bash. Liam is taking good care of you and we won’t take you to the hospital if we can avoid it.” She placed a cool, moist cloth on his forehead. It felt good. She added, “Try to sleep, Bash. I won’t leave you, I promise.”
**********
Randy opened the door slowly and followed Kilo into the sheriff’s office. The small office was comprised of two cheap wooden desks a handful of filing cabinets and a couple of computers. Down a short hallway to the left was an old-fashioned barred jail cell that held two bunk beds. Ed sat at the far desk and slammed down the phone as Randy headed in his direction. He frantically jumped up from his desk to greet Randy.
“You’re not going to believe this,” Ed began, “But we’ve got a murder at the old Cornwall place. It looks like a transient.”
“Let’s go take a look.” Randy said grimly turning to head back to his truck with Kilo close behind. 
**********
Josh’s foreman, Mike, called him to their current construction site. They were less than a week away from completing the three-story luxury log cabin. Mike met Josh out in front of the gorgeous stone and log home.
“Hey Mike,” Josh asked stepping out of his truck. “What’s the problem?”
“We got hit pretty hard last night.” Mike turned to head into the house with Josh. “Vandals took not only the copper pipes, but the Viking appliances.”
Josh followed him into the kitchen. He couldn’t believe the chaos. The loss of nearly twenty-thousand dollars in luxury appliances wasn't enough for the vandals. They smashed nearly all of the granite countertops beyond repair.  Josh shot Mike a look of astonishment.
“There’s more,” Mike said grimly, “They took the marble Jacuzzi tub, all the light fixtures including the dining room chandelier. They must have used a truck and had a team of men to pull this off. We’re talking over forty-thousand in damages, possibly more. This is going to push us back at least four to six weeks depending on how fast I can get the new appliances and granite countertops.”
“Why didn’t we have any security up here?” Josh asked through clenched teeth.
Mike explained, “We had the place locked up tight. There was no reason to expect a break-in. We’ve been here every day for the last two months. I was out here yesterday with a cleaning crew. We picked up the yard and did prep for the landscaping. It’s an active sight; I never have security at this stage.”
Josh headed up the stairs to inspect the damage barking orders as he went. “Get the insurance company up here ASAP and get the security system installed and activated before you leave tonight. Once the replacements arrive, I want 24-hour surveillance until the buyers take possession. If we still have buyers, and where is the sheriff?”
Mike followed quickly after him. “I contacted them before I called you, but they haven’t arrived.”
Josh frowned and pulled out his phone. He punched in Randy’s number. It went straight to voicemail. They headed back outside. Grace’s brother Emmett moved toward them from the end of the gravel driveway.
“Mr. Miller, Mike,” He began as he neared; “I found some tire tracks in the grass near the porch. It looks like they used a pickup truck. Judging by the tracks, they made several trips. I also found this beside the porch steps.” He handed them a pocketknife. “I checked with the guys and it doesn’t belong to anyone here. I’ve never seen anything like it. It looks expensive. It has a stainless-steel blade with tiger stripes. The handle’s made of titanium. It’s a Zero Tolerance knife.”
Josh took the knife. They examined the ruts in the yard. Mike smiled at Emmett and said, “I think you’re right, Emmett. There are multiple ruts too close together to be more than one truck.”
Josh offered Emmett his hand and said, “Nice catch,”
Emmett’s face lit up then flashed to a business-like expression, as he added, “No problem, Mr. Miller. I’d be glad to stay here tonight in case they return.”
Josh smiled at the young man. “Thanks for the offer Emmett, but Mike is going to get the alarm system up and running. If he has any problems, we will definitely take you up on that offer.”
“Yes sir,” Emmett smiled back.
Josh added, “By the way, I met your sister Grace last night. I hear she’s quite a skier.”
“Yes sir, she made the finals for the Olympics last year. She’s going to take it all the way next time.”
Turning to head back to his truck Josh added, “Let me know if she needs a sponsor. Beth and I would be happy to chip in on her expenses.” Josh turned to Mike and continued, “Keep me updated. Sheriff Connor isn’t answering his phone. I’ll head down to his office to find out why they haven’t been up here yet.”
Just then, Josh’s phone rang. It was Randy. He held the phone to his ear and said, “What’s the deal Randy? Why am I standing here waiting for the sheriff to show up?”
Randy’s voice was grim, “Josh, we’ve had a military veteran murdered in one of our vacation cottages. It has to take priority. Kilo went crazy and kept indicating drugs, but we haven’t found any. It looks like we had some squatters that ended up in a messy fight. I have the state police crawling all over the scene and am struggling to keep things under control. I’ll send Ed over to survey the scene in a few minutes. Just keep your people out of the house until Ed gets there to take photos. I’m sorry, Josh. You know I’d be there if I could.”
Josh stopped and turned back to gaze at the house. “I understand. I guess taking it slow on your first day back is not an option.”
Randy chuckled softly, “Maybe tomorrow. Do me a favor and check in with Amy. She wasn’t happy I went back to work so soon, and she’s going to hear about this scene before I get time to call her.”
“I’ll see if Beth and Molly can drop by for a visit.” Josh offered.
**********

Bash moaned and tried to roll on his side, but a jolt of stabbing pain stopped him. Grace was immediately at his side. Tears streamed down her face. Her eyes met Liam’s who stood at the end of the bed.
Liam moved to her side and said firmly, “It’s after 5 o’clock; we have to get him to the hospital. He could be turning septic.”
Grace nodded and said, “I’ll take him. I don’t want you to get in trouble.”
“I think they’ll know, Grace. I’m your brother.” Liam said with a sad half-smile.
“No, we’ll take him to Layton General, it’s closer than Ogden anyway and they don’t know you there.” Grace gently pulled the sheet off Bash. “You can drop us off at the emergency room. I’ll call you later.”
“You need to call the Sheriff. Don’t let him find out from the hospital.” Liam draped his arm across her shoulder. “Let’s call an ambulance, Grace. The time for hiding him from the law is over.”
Grace began to sob. “I’m sorry, Liam! I don’t know what to do!”
Liam hugged her and said, “I do, call 911 tell them you need an ambulance because your boyfriend has been shot. Tell them one of his friends, you don’t know who, dropped him off like this a few minutes ago. I’ll help you move him to the sofa.”
*********
 Randy pulled his phone from his rear pocket and answered without looking at the screen, “Sheriff Connor,”
“Randy, It’s Josh.” Randy could tell instantly by the tone in Josh’s voice; something was wrong.
“What happened?” Randy said as he opened the back door of his white SUV to allow Kilo to jump inside.
Josh answered in slow even tones. “Bash has been shot. I’m at his girlfriend Grace’s apartment now. They are taking him to Layton General. You better grab Amy and meet us there. It doesn’t look good.”
Randy walked quickly around the truck and climbed in as Josh spoke. His heart sank when he heard Bash’s name. “How did it happen?”
Josh spoke quickly; Randy could tell he was moving fast. “Grace doesn’t know, she says some guy dropped him off a few minutes ago. He’s was hit in the stomach; the EMT thinks he might be septic. It looks like he was shot sometime last night or early this morning.”
Randy’s mind raced. He glanced at the small cottage as the CSI team secured and taped the door shut. “I’m on my way. Is Beth with Amy?”
“Yes, she can stay and watch Emma. I called you first; they don’t know.” Josh answered. Randy could hear his truck door slam in the background. 
 “I’ll call Amy and take care of it.” Randy said grimly and hung up.
This was going to be the hardest call of his life, but he promised Amy she wouldn’t be the last to know.
Amy answered the phone laughing. He could hear Molly giggling in the background. He clenched his jaw determined to say it quickly. “Amy, honey it’s me. Where’s Emma?”
Amy frowned at the odd tone in Randy’s voice. “She just spit up on Beth. Molly’s cleaning them both up.”
“Amy, Bash has been hurt; he’s on his way to the hospital. I’m en route to pick you up. Can you ask Beth if she can stay with Emma?” Randy pushed right into the heart of the matter.
“What? Bash is hurt?” Amy stammered, “What happened?”
Randy kept his voice calm as he flipped on his lights and flew down the two-lane highway out of town. “Honey, Bash was shot. He’s alive. I don’t know what happened, all I know is he’s on his way to the hospital. I’ll be there in about ten minutes. Do you want me to talk to Beth about staying with Emma?”
“No, I’ll talk to her. How bad is it?” Amy finished in a whisper.
Randy’s heart ached for her. “Josh is with him. He says it’s serious. I’m sorry honey, I wish I knew more; I’ll call the hospital when I pick you up, maybe they can give us more information. All we can do right now is get to the hospital. They took him to Layton General; we can be there in twenty minutes.”
Amy was waiting for Randy as he drove up the driveway. She rushed to the truck when he stopped to turn around. She climbed in the truck and slammed the door without a word. Randy could tell by her red nose and swollen eyes that she’d been crying. He reached over and touched her shoulder. “I love you,” He said softly and she broke into sobs.
Randy took hold of her hand and held it as he turned around and roared back down the driveway.

**********
Josh and Grace arrived a few minutes behind the ambulance. Grace ran ahead of him through the emergency entrance. Josh let her run inside; she'd cried the entire way to the hospital. When he walked in, she was frantically speaking with the nurse at the counter near the doors to the examination rooms. Josh pulled out his cell phone and called Mike.
He turned as Mike answered to watch two state police officers walk through the door and move past him to the counter. “Mike,” Josh said quickly into the phone, “Tell Emmett to get to the Layton General Hospital. Grace’s boyfriend has been seriously injured, and she’s going to need her family.”
Josh hung up quickly and moved to Grace’s side as the police began to question her.
**********
Randy shoved his phone in his pocket and glanced as Amy. “He arrived about 10 minutes ago. The doctors are with him. They couldn’t tell me anything. I’m sorry.” He reached over and took hold of her hand as he took the Layton exit. A few minutes later, they pulled into the hospital parking lot. 
They rushed into the emergency entrance and found Josh holding Grace in his arms. Amy’s stomach lurched as she looked into Josh’s eyes.

 


Chapter Eleven

Beth pulled into the driveway, and Jake came running out of the house. He jumped into her white SUV and said, “Let’s go, mom said we can stay there tonight, but you have to pick us up early tomorrow morning.”
“That’s no problem,” Beth said backing out of the driveway. “Did you pack Molly’s nightgown and a change of clothes?”
“Yes,” Jake said buckling his seat belt.
Molly leaned forward in the back seat. “What did you bring me? Did you get my pink shorts and purple princess shirt like I asked you to?”
“Yes, Molly.” Jake looked at Beth and rolled his eyes.
She smiled and asked, “Molly, how is Emma doing?”
“She’s asleep,” Molly answered gazing over at Emma sleeping soundly in the car seat.
“Good,” Beth said as shifted the truck into drive and headed for the state road that led back to town.
						********
Randy gazed past Josh through the doors into the exam area as they swung open. Two state police officers stood outside an exam room. Randy locked eyes with Josh as he walked past him and headed toward the officers. “Keep the girls here. I’ll come get you when I can.” He told Josh as Amy pulled Grace from his arms and gave her a hug.
“What’s happening?” Amy asked Josh as she released Grace.
“Bash was rushed into an exam room.” Josh began, “When the state police arrived they told us we had to wait out here. No one has been out to tell us what’s going on.”
Amy looked past Josh as Randy disappeared through the doors. Randy stopped and spoke to the state police standing in the hall beyond as the doors closed. Moving to the nurses station Amy placed both hands on the counter and demanded, “I’m Bash Rothchild’s sister, his only living relative. I need an update on his condition right now. My friends have been standing here waiting, and no one has come out to speak to them.”
The nurse glanced behind her at a second nurse who sat at a small desk typing on a computer. She rose and headed back into the exam area. The first nurse turned back to Amy and said, “We’re getting an update for you now. If the doctor can’t come out to see you, the nurse should be able to tell you what’s going on.”
Randy walked back through the doors and came to Amy’s side. He took her hand and pulled her toward the waiting area. Josh and Grace followed them.
Randy turned to face Amy when they reached the waiting area and said, “Bash is alive. He has a high fever; the wounds infected. He’s not septic at this point, and they think they can get it under control.” He shot Grace a stern look and added, “The State Police want to question him when he wakes up.  I need to know how he got shot.”
Grace’s face went pale instantly. She stammered, “Sheriff Connor I don’t know what happened. He told me some guys were going to stir up trouble, and he wanted to stop them. He dropped me off at my apartment and took my bike. I don’t know where he went.”
Randy asked, “What time was that?”
Grace took a deep breath and said, “Around ten o’clock last night.”
“Where were you coming from?” Randy continued.
Grace glanced back toward the exam room doors and said, “We went sky diving at Porter’s then stopped at Sadie’s for dinner.”
“Beth and I saw them there.” Josh stepped forward, “We were just leaving it was close to 9 o’clock.”
Randy turned to Josh and said, “Did Bash talk to anyone else while you were there?”
“No,” Josh said turning to look at Grace.
Her face lit up, “Yes, he did.” She said excitedly, “These guys came as Josh and Beth were leaving. Bash said he needed to talk to them, and he went over to the bar.”
Amy stood frozen watching each one of them as they spoke. Randy squeezed her hand and said, “Did you recognize them”
“No, but I’d never seen them before. I figured they were here for the holiday. They looked Latino.” Grace admitted softly.
“Do you know why Bash wanted to talk to them?” Randy pushed for more information.
“He said he was wrapping up something from his past. He said everything was fine.” Grace frowned and looked at the ground. Then her head snapped up, “But when we went to pay the tab, there was another guy with them and that seemed to upset Bash.”
Randy’s heart started to race, “What did he look like?”
Grace looked to Randy and said, “He was in his early twenties with brown hair and he was wearing army fatigues. I think Bash talked to him as we were leaving, but I don’t know what he said.”
Randy released Amy’s hand and grabbed Grace’s arm, “Come with me.”
**********
When Joanne opened the door, Beth was surprised at how nice she looked. Her light brown hair had new blonde highlights, and she had on a new short outfit. Beth handed Joanne the kid’s backpacks and kissed Molly on the cheek.
She said, “You look great Joanne; I guess the new job is going well.”
“It sure is,” Joanne smiled and added, “Tell Josh he was right, I was able to trade in the truck for a smaller car and the monthly payment isn’t going to kill me after all.”
“I’ll let him know,” Beth said quickly as she turned to leave. “Either Josh or I will pick them up in the morning. Thanks for doing this at the last minute.”
“No problem,” Joanne said cheerfully as she shut the door.
**********
Beth arrived at the hospital after they moved Bash to a room. Josh met her at the emergency entrance. Allowing Josh to take Emma from her, she kissed him quickly and asked, “How is he?”
Josh turned and led her toward the elevators. “They moved him upstairs to a room. They’re giving him intravenous antibiotics, but he’s still unconscious.”
The elevator opened, and they walked inside. Josh pushed the button for the sixth floor. Beth asked, “Did Randy tell the state police what Grace said?”
“They interviewed Grace, but I think it made things worse. They handcuffed Bash to the bed and posted an officer outside his door. Randy thinks Bash tried to stop the assault, but no one knows for sure.”
Beth sighed as the doors opened, “I didn’t get a good look at the three men that came in as we left. I’ve been wracking my brain all the way here. All three were short and had black hair. I just can’t picture their faces. Who are they? Why did they want to kill the soldier?”
Josh led her down the hall, “I don’t know Beth, and I don’t like the sound of it. First Randy was attacked by drug dealers and now this. Our small mountain town is changing and not in a good way. This was supposed to be a safe place to raise our kids.”
“Every community has problems, Josh.” Beth slipped her hand into his, “I’m sure these are isolated incidents.”
They stopped in front of Bash’s room, and the officer stared at them. Josh opened the door and stepped aside to allow Beth to enter. Amy sat on the end of Bash’s bed. Randy stood beside her. Grace sat on the other side of the bed in a small chair near the window.
Beth moved quickly to Amy. She rose and hugged Beth. Amy reached out to take Emma from Josh as he neared. She pulled Emma close and held her tightly in her arms. Randy wrapped his arms around them both and kissed Emma on the top of her head. He glanced at Josh and said, “The doctor says we won’t know for 24 hours if the antibiotics are working.”
A knock came at the door, and they turned to find Emmett standing quietly in the doorway. Grace gasped when she saw him and rose from her chair. Emmett walked slowly across the room as Grace rushed toward him. She hugged him and asked, “Did Liam call you?”
Emmett frowned and said, “No, Mike told me Mr. Miller called.”
He released her and turned to face Josh, “Thank you, sir for letting me know about my sister.”
Josh stepped toward him and shook his hand saying, “I thought she could use her big brother right now.”
Randy offered, “Grace, you’ve been here for hours. You look exhausted. Why don’t you let Emmett take you down to the cafeteria to get something to eat? We’ll stay with Bash.”
Grace glanced at Bash’s still form lying in the bed. Several wires and tubes connected him to an IV and monitors. “Will you call me if he wakes up?”
“I promise,” Randy agreed softly. As soon as she left, Randy turned to Josh and said, “Who is Liam and was he at the scene when you arrived?”
Josh thought for a moment and said, “Liam is Grace’s oldest brother. He wasn’t at the scene and Grace never mentioned him. You probably know him; he’s a paramedic at Snow Bird and Ogden General.”
Randy’s eyes lit up, “Liam Squires? Yes, I know him.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket and headed toward the door saying, “I’ve got to make some calls. I’ll be in the waiting area.”
Josh met Beth’s eyes, and she nodded. He smiled at her in appreciation and followed Randy.
Randy was hanging up when Josh caught up to him. Josh asked, “Do you think Grace asked Liam to help Bash?”
“I’m certain of it. The doctor said Bash’s wounds were clean and sutured. I seriously doubt Bash has any buddies that can do that.”
“But that doesn’t help anything.” Josh frowned.
Randy’s mind raced. “It means that Bash wasn’t friendly with whoever killed the soldier. Grace said he was trying to stop something from happening. I think Bash was trying to stop someone from attacking the soldier. His name was Zack Thomas. I just talked to Ed. He spoke to the Thomas family; they said he was on his way to Las Vegas to open a bar. He had a large amount of cash on him. There’s your motive.”
Josh’s face screwed into a knot of confusion. “How did Bash get mixed up in all this? He’s only been in town a week.”
Randy turned to gaze out the windows of the small corner waiting area. He turned back to Josh and said, “I’ve got to do something. Can you stay here with Amy for a few hours?”
“Sure,” Josh answered.
**********
Josh ran to a sub shop a few blocks from the hospital to get sandwiches for Amy and Beth. When he returned the state trooper was no longer standing in front of Bash’s room. Josh hurried inside to find Amy and Beth calmly sitting in chairs beside Bash’s bed. Grace was sound asleep across the end of his bed.
“The troopers gone,” Josh announced as he handed the girls each a sandwich. He sat down in the chair next to Beth and peeled the wrapped off his meatball sub.
Amy glanced toward the door and asked, “Is that a good thing?”
“It is,” Randy’s voice came from the door. “Bash is no longer considered a suspect. He’s a witness.”
Randy entered the room and moved past them to lean against the half wall of windows on the other side of the bed. “Now we need Bash to identify the three men who murdered Lt. Thomas.”
“I can’t do that.” Bash’s scratchy voice came from the bed.
Amy jumped up and rushed to his side. She put her hand to his forehead. He was still burning up. “Bash, we’ve been so worried about you. How do you feel?”
Grace sat up and climbed off the bed to move to Bash’s side. He smiled weakly at Grace and said, “I feel like shit.”
Grace smiled and said, “You look like shit.” She took hold of Bash’s hand as his eyes moved to Randy.
Amy lifted a cup of water to his lips. Bash took a slow sip through the straw and said, “Randy, I’m sorry, but I can’t give them up. You don’t know these guys. They have a mobster mentality. They kill your entire family if you betray them. I can’t risk that.”
Randy moved beside Amy and stared down at Bash. He was pale and sweating from the fever. His eyes had dark rings around them. Randy frowned and said, “Bash you have three things going for you right now. The waitress at Sadie’s said you left before Lt. Thomas. She said he left with three Latino types. Grace gave a statement saying you were going to try to stop someone from getting into trouble.  Those two points moved you from a suspect to a possible witness to his murder. However, things could turn south just as fast if you refuse to cooperate.”
“I’m willing to take that risk.” Bash said softly. He looked at Amy and added, “Can I get something for the pain?”
						**********

Josh and Beth took Emma back to Amy’s house and spent the night. The next morning Beth packed Emma a bag. “Josh,” Beth called to him as she carried Emma down the stairs. “I’m going to take Emma home. Amy’s going to be at the hospital all day, so there’s no sense in staying here. Do you want me to pick up Jake and Molly?”
Josh was standing in the kitchen eating an orange. She dropped the diaper bag on the sofa and looked expectantly at Josh waiting for an answer. Josh flashed a smile as he swallowed the last orange slice and said, “No, I’ll pick them up. I want to run by the Dickerson site and make sure we are on track with the repairs. I’ll see you at home in an hour or so.”
He tossed the orange peel in the trash and added, “I just talked to Randy. Bash’s fever broke early this morning. He’s out of the woods.”
Beth smiled in relief. “I’m so glad. I’ll call Amy from the truck.”
Josh locked the house and helped Beth get Emma settled into the truck, then headed to the Dickerson site. The crew was working on the cleanup removing the damaged granite countertop. Mike met Josh at the front door and they walked through the house discussing the issues.
Mike explained as they headed back down the stairs, “The security system is installed and active. The men have taken it upon themselves to organize a security detail to set in place once the appliances arrive.”
Josh opened the front door and said, “Sounds like you’ve got it under control. I really appreciate the men chipping in for night duty.”
When they walked down the porch steps, a commotion came from the side of the house. Josh and Mike rushed around to see what was going on. They found young Emmett fighting one of the older more experienced workers named Fred. They hit the ground rolling in a blur of flying fists. Josh charged in and pulled Emmett off Fred. Mike moved in to keep Fred from charging Emmett as Josh pulled him backward.
“He started it.” Emmett snarled glaring at Fred. “He’s got a mouth like a sewer, and I’m sick of it.”
“Fred has always had a foul mouth, Emmett. It’s never bothered you before. I think you need some rest; you were up all night with Grace. Go home and get some sleep.” Josh asked Emmett.
“Not until he takes it back!” Emmett shouted at Fred.
Fred wiped his bloodied nose on the back of his hand and shoved Mike away. He glared at Emmett. Mike grabbed hold of his arms to hold him at bay. Fred spat, “I was only telling the truth. There’s no sense in denying it. The man has a right to know. She’s a whore.”
Emmett charged forward to be pushed back by Josh, “You lying son-of-a-bitch! You couldn’t pay a whore enough to suck you’re…”
“That’s enough,” Josh ordered, “I don’t pay you boys to fight. Either get back to work or go home without pay and cool off.” 
Josh grabbed Emmett by the scruff of his shirt and hauled him around to the front of the house. “Emmett, construction workers have filthy mouths. You’re going to have to get used to it. Just because Fred called a gal a whore doesn’t mean she actually is one. He’s just blowing off steam.”
Emmett spun to face Josh when released him. He took a deep breath and said calmly, “Sir, I think you should fire him. He’s crossed the line. You can’t let him get away with it.”
Josh stopped and waited for him to continue.
Emmett looked up at the clear blue sky and said, “He keeps talking about your ex-wife.”
“Joanne?” Josh asked with a raised eyebrow.
“He says…” Emmett took another deep breath and looked at Josh. “He says she’s approaching men at Sadie’s and offering herself to them for cash.”
Josh’s face turned red in an instant. “Emmett, I appreciate your defending my ex-wife’s honor, but that statement is ridiculous. Joanne is no more a prostitute than I am an exotic dancer.”
Emmett held his ground, “Sir, I don’t think it matters. The fact is that he’s claiming he’s paid for her services. He shouldn’t disrespect you that way.”
Josh held his temper; he knew Emmett was trying to do the right thing. “Emmett, you’re a good man. You’ve had your say. This is my family, my battle to fight. I need you to drop this. It’s over.”
“Yes Sir.” Emmett said quietly.
“Go home. You’re done for today.” Josh said, turning and headed back around the side of the house.
Fred stood surrounded by the other workers waiting for Josh. Mike’s voice could be heard threatening to fire Fred if got into one more fight. Josh strode quickly toward them. Mike backed away from Fred when he saw the fire in Josh’s eyes.
Josh stopped mere inches from Fred and said, “You’re fired. Get your lying ass off my job site.”
Fred’s face twisted into a rage. “I ain’t said nothing that wasn’t the truth!”
Josh grabbed hold of the front of Fred’s shirt with both hands and yanked him forward. His eyes burned into Fred’s, “My family is my business. Keep your mouth shut, or I’ll shut it for you. You’ve got one minute to get off this property, or I’ll throw you off myself.”


 

Chapter Twelve

Josh pulled up in front of Joanne’s duplex. He sat in the truck and stared at her front door.  Fred’s words echoed through his mind. Fred was a fowl mouthed bragger, but Josh had never known him to lie about something as serious as this. He immediately regretted firing Fred. He let his temper get the best of him, but Emmett was right. When Fred started bashing Josh’s ex-wife, he was sowing a seed of disrespect that Josh had fought hard to overcome. He treated his men with respect and paid them top wages. In return, he expected top quality workmanship and respect. Until this moment, he thought he’d had it.
Josh shook it off, climbed out of the truck and headed for the door. He rang the bell and the door swung open. Molly smiled up at him and said, “You want some pancakes?”
“Sure,” Josh answered with a smile. His anger disappeared as he scooped Molly up into a bear hug. “Are you the cook?”
Molly laughed and hugged him, “No mommy made them.” 
She turned and pointed toward the kitchen at the far end of the room. The shades and curtains were drawn, allowing the morning light to flood the room. Joanne stood in front of the stove filling Jake’s plate with a stack of pancakes. Jake turned and smiled at him, then moved to sit at the small kitchen table against the wall.
“Have a seat Josh.” Joanne said with a smile, “Molly made the batter, so we have a ton pancakes.”
Josh stared at Joanne. She had on a new pair of jeans and a colorful blouse. Her eyes were bright and her complexion perfect under a light layer of makeup. She motioned for the table, and Josh sat Molly back on her feet. She pulled him toward the table and pulled out a chair. The linen tablecloth was bright yellow and decorated with fresh flowers.
Josh sat down, and Joanne brought him a plate piled with pancakes. Molly slid into the chair next to him and dug into her plate of pancakes. Joanne returned from the stove with her plate and sat down across from Josh. He gazed around the table at the smiling faces. There was no way he was going to accuse Joanne of being a prostitute.
********

Bash grew stronger as the day wore on. Amy surprised Randy. She worked steadily on Bash trying to get him to tell Randy what happened the night he was shot. While he slept off the effects of his painkillers, Grace and Amy agreed to take turns sitting with him. Grace took the night shift, so she headed home to shower and change clothes. 
Bash woke an hour after Grace left. He pushed the button to raise the head of his bed when the nurse brought him dinner. He stared at Amy as she removed the cover over his plate and ripped open the plastic over his dessert. 
“Amy,” Bash said softly, “I can do it. I’m just a little tired; I’m not dead.”
Amy stepped back and rolled her eyes. “Let me fuss a little Bash. I thought you were going to die.” 
He sighed and said, “Amy, when are you going to let me grow up?”
She smiled and looked at Randy. “When you come clean to my husband about what happened and realize that he won’t ever let anything happen to me or Emma.”
Bash’s face went blank. He looked past Amy to Randy. “He said he’d hurt Grace. I can’t risk that. She’s the best thing that ever happened to me. I won’t let her get hurt.”
Randy moved to sit in the chair beside the bed. He could see the fear on Amy’s face that she was desperately trying to shove deep down inside. He turned to Bash and said, “Bash, the only way to keep Grace safe is to let me go after these guys. With your help, we can put them away for good.”
“And what if you can’t?” Bash challenged, “What if you can’t find them. What if I tell you things that will compromise your integrity? What if I tell you things that will get me arrested?  What if the prosecuting attorney doesn’t believe me?” 
Randy leaned back in the chair and said, “Bash, I talked the prosecuting attorney last night and told him I suspected you were a witness. He’s offered immunity if you’ll testify against the killers. So, anything you tell me that’s related to this case will not be held against you.”
Amy beamed with pride, “See Bash, I told you Randy would help you.”
Bash glanced at the door suddenly distracted. “Where is Grace?
Randy frowned and looked at Amy, “She went home to shower and change a couple of hours ago.”
“No!” Bash bolted upright and grunted as a jolt of pain rushed through his side. “I told you she’s not safe.” He glanced around for his phone; Randy pulled his out.
“Ed,” Randy said quickly, “Get to Grace Squires apartment and check on her ASAP. It’s possible the suspects from the Thomas murder are looking for her. Pick her up and bring her back to the hospital.”
Amy handed Bash her phone, and he punched in Grace’s phone number. “Grace? Are you okay?” Relief filled Bash’s face, and he sank back into his pillow. “Do me a favor and lock your door. Randy’s deputy, Ed, is on his way to give you a ride to the hospital.”
Grace walked across her apartment holding her phone to her ear while towel drying her hair. “Bash are you okay? What’s going on?”
“Everything’s fine,” He answered wincing as another shot of pain rang through him. “I’m just on edge because of what happened.” 
Bash stayed on the phone with Grace until Ed arrived. Randy sat and watched his face light up as they spoke. Bash was in love. 
“Bash,” Randy leaned forward in his chair as Bash hung up, “You have to tell Grace.”
**********
Beth climbed into bed and Josh’s waiting arms. She kissed his neck as he stared up at the ceiling. He could feel the tension of the day flow from his body as her hands explored his chest. “Beth,” he said softly as she moved to nibble his ear. “You are the most incredible woman I’ve ever known. I can’t imagine my life without you. I love you more than you’ll ever know.”
Beth lifted her head and gazed into his eyes. “I love you too Josh.” She studied Josh’s face, “What’s wrong?”
Josh wrapped his arms around her and with one swift movement rolled over on top of her. “I suddenly realized how incredible it is that you are so dedicated to my children. They think you are fantastic. You love them as if they’re your own. It has to be hard to stand by and watch as others make decisions about the children you love. I want you to know how much I appreciate what you do for me and the kids.”
“What happened?” Beth gazed up at him.
He smiled and said, “Nothing, it looks like Joanne is finally settling into the mom role, which is a huge relief.”
“And?” Beth added with a raised eyebrow.
Josh chuckled and kissed her softly, “And since things are calming down, and we are in a great place I was wondering if you’d like to discuss a kid brother or sister for Jake and Molly?”
Beth stared into his eyes. “I’ve been thinking a lot about that lately. When Emma was born, I was scared to hold her. Now look at me, I’m taking Emma overnight without hesitation. I think I’m ready for a baby.”
Josh smiled and kissed her deeply.
********
The cloudless blue sky was a good indication the glaring heat of the golden sun was going to work its magic on the thermostat today. Temperatures were shooting up toward 100 degrees by the time Amy arrived at the hospital. Grace lay nestled up next to Bash; both were sound asleep. Amy glanced back at the State Trooper, who once again guarded Bash’s door, only this time it was for his protection.
Amy touched Bash’s forehead. She knew his fever was gone, but she couldn’t help herself. Bash’s eyes flew open. He jerked awake causing Grace to jump and nearly fall off the side of the bed.
“Good morning,” Amy smiled down at them. “Has the doctor been in yet?”
“No,” Bash yawned and closed his eyes adding, “Go away.”
Grace smiled and climbed off the bed, “He was grouchy all night.”
Amy shot Bash a quick pout and added, “Cheer up Bash. Randy will be here at 11 o’clock, we expect the hospital to send you home today due to lack of insurance. That’s why I wanted to be here for the doctor’s visit.”
“That sounds great!” Grace announced, “I’ll be back in a couple of minutes and hopefully the doctor will be here when I get back.”
“Where are you going?” Bash’s eyes flew open. He tried to sit up, and then fell back on his pillow with a grunt of pain.
Grace frowned at him, “Bash, I’m just going to the cafeteria to get some fruit. I’m starving. You wouldn’t let me leave to get a snack last night, remember?”
“You can have my breakfast.” Bash offered quickly.
Grace smiled at him in confusion, “Bash, I’m not eating your breakfast. I’ll be right back.”
Amy dug into her purse and pulled out a banana. “How about this?” She offered it to Grace and added, “I always keep something on me because of the breastfeeding.”
Grace accepted it with a surprised smile, “Well I guess this will tide me over until after the doctor comes.”
********
Josh rolled over and grabbed his buzzing phone off the nightstand. “Yeah,” he answered in a sleepy voice. “What?” He bolted upright, startling Beth out of a sound sleep. “Call the Sheriff, I’m on my way.”
Beth sat up as he sprang from the bed and scooped his jeans off the floor. He turned to her and said, “There’s been a break-in at my office. Someone’s ransacked it.” He stormed over to the closet and yanked a shirt off the hanger. “I’ll call you later.”  He added and disappeared out the door.
Josh's office sat on a rocky bluff overlooking a small industrial court filled with warehouses and storage units. It was a small freestanding brick building. It held his office, a reception area and a conference room. Randy's truck sat out front when Josh arrived. When he walked through the door, Josh stopped to stare in disbelief at the devastation.
The reception desk was on its side. The computer and phone were in pieces scattered across the floor. Josh found Randy in his office staring at the two large filing cabinets that lined the far wall. The drawers were open and empty. Josh's heart sank. He clenched his jaw as the color rose up his neck and rushed across his face. 
Randy asked, "I take it your files were in these cabinets."
Josh moved to his desk quickly pulling a set of keys out of his jeans. "Yes, my customer's files were in those cabinets. Personal information, credit reports, copies of loan applications, credit card numbers and copies of checks.”
His desk chair was nowhere in sight. Josh leaned over and unlocked his desk drawer. He pulled it open and sighed in relief as he pulled out his Colt 45. He turned to Randy and said, "They didn't bother my desk. I take my laptop home each night, but they didn't even try to jimmy the desk drawers."
Josh walked out of his office and went to the storage closet at the end of the hall. He unlocked the door and stared at the contents. They were untouched. Josh turned around and locked eyes with Randy. "They didn't even try to get into this closet. I just bought a three thousand dollar industrial plasma cutter and it’s still here."	
Randy nodded, "They knew where to look."
“Identity thieves.” Josh didn’t need to say it. 
“Josh,” Randy came to his side and said quietly, “I’d like to send Kilo home with you today. Keep him inside, especially when you’re gone. Beth should also keep the security system on when she’s home alone with the kids.”
Josh stared at Randy’s grim expression, “What are you saying?”
Randy glanced behind him then turned back to Josh and said quietly, “First your luxury build site and now your office. I’m concerned the next target will be your home. I want a list of all your current and past employees for the last two years. This smells like an inside job. Have you fired anyone recently?”
Josh locked eyes with Randy and said, “Yes.”


It was one o’clock before Randy arrived at the hospital. Amy, Bash and Grace were sitting in the reception area waiting for him. Amy rose to greet him with a quick kiss.
Randy smiled and said, “Sorry, I’m late, but you didn’t have to meet me at the door. I could have come upstairs. I have Bash’s clothes.”
Amy glanced back at Bash as Grace helped him out of his chair. “This hospital sucks.” Amy said in disgust. “They forced us to wait down here because Bash doesn’t have insurance.”
Bash shook his head and smiled at Amy, “That’s not what the nurse said, Amy. They needed the room; that’s all.”
Amy spun to face Bash and snapped, “They wanted to use the room for someone else because you don’t have insurance.”
Bash added, “She was a nice nurse, she gave me these scrubs for free.”
Grace interjected, “Bash, I’m sure that will be added to your bill. I don’t think hospitals give anything for free unless it’s donated.”
Randy reached out and took hold of Amy’s hand. “Let’s get Bash home.”
Bash was exhausted by the time they got him upstairs. He needed help to get into bed. Grace sat on the edge of his bed as Amy went to get him some water.
Randy stood at the end of Bash’s bed. He waited until Bash fell asleep and said to Grace, “He’s going to sleep for a while. Do you need a ride home?”
Grace rose from the bed and said, “Yes, I need to get back to work. My boss isn’t going to be happy if I miss another day.”
Randy smiled and said, “Let’s get you home then.”
She leaned over and kissed Bash lightly on the forehead, then followed Randy downstairs. Amy met them at the bottom of the stairs.
Randy explained, “I’m going to take Grace home. Do you want me to pick up Emma?”
Amy smiled at Grace, “No, Beth is bringing her by in a little bit.” She added, “Grace, thank you so much for everything you’ve done for Bash. I’m glad he has someone like you in his life.”
Grace hugged Amy and smiled, “Bash is great. Can I come by after work if it’s not too late?”
Amy’s smile brightened, “You can come by anytime, even if it’s late.”
Grace’s apartment was only a few miles down the mountain. Randy knew he didn’t have much time. “Grace, I’m sorry to push you on this, but I need more information about the three men you saw at Sadie’s. Do you think you would recognize them if I showed you some photos?”
“Maybe,” Grace said turning to look at him. “Is Bash in danger?”
Randy glanced at Grace, “Yes, and you might be as well. I think it’s a good idea for you to stay at your parent’s house for a few days until things calm down. If you can identify these men, this could all be over in a matter of days. If we don’t find out who they are, there’s no telling how long you’ll be looking over your shoulder everywhere you go. So will Bash.”
Grace’s eyes opened wide in shock. She turned and gazed out the window. “Will I put my family in danger if I stay with them?”
Randy’s heart went out to her. He reached out and touched her shoulder, “I don’t know. You can stay with us if you like. I won’t let anything happen to you Grace.”
She turned to Randy as tears welled up in her eyes. “I think I’d rather do that. Is it okay if I go to work?”
He released her shoulder and turned onto the main road into town. “Why don’t I take you home so you can get your things? We’ll swing by my office and have you look at some pictures. Then we’ll talk about your job.”
 **********
Josh pulled into the driveway as Beth was loading Emma into her SUV. He climbed out of his pickup and held the door open as Kilo jumped out. Beth glanced at the white malamute in surprise and asked, “Has Kilo come to play with Charlie?”
“Yes,” Josh smiled in appreciation of Beth’s shapely behind as she climbed into the truck and leaned over Emma’s seat to fasten the seat belt.
Beth said, “Molly will be thrilled. Alice went into Salt Lake today to shop with her grandma. Jake wanted me to drop him off at his mom's this morning. He wants to spend the day with her as well as spend the night. Molly was feeling a little left out. Did Jake call you?”
“Yes, and I called Joanne, she’s good with it.” Josh came to her side and offered his hand to help her step back down. “I’m going to work from home today, so Molly can stay here with me if she doesn’t want to go to Amy’s.”
“Daddy!” Molly called to him from the house. Josh looked toward the front door to find Molly and Jake heading toward them.
“Kilo!” Molly shouted as he trotted around the side of the truck to greet them. “Charlie is going to be so happy to see you.” She hugged Kilo’s neck then rushed to hug Josh. “Daddy, can we take the dogs down to the lake to swim? They are so funny when they swim.”
Josh chuckled and said, “I’ve got some work to do this morning, but after lunch we can go swimming in the lake.”
Josh moved past the SUV to greet Jake. He knew better than to expect a hug from his fourteen-year-old son. He patted Jake on the shoulder and said, “Have fun at your moms. I’ll come by in the morning to pick you up.”
Jake smiled and said, “Mom said we could go to the drive-in tonight.”
“That’s great, Jake.” Josh smiled and waited until he and Beth were in the truck before he followed Molly and Kilo inside.
He checked the security system and set the controls to issue a loud beep when a window or door opened when someone was home. Molly tossed a purple rubber pig across the living room to see which dog would reach it first. Josh went down to the basement. He grabbed his laptop off its charging base and headed back upstairs to work on the kitchen table.
He set his laptop on the table and hesitated. He glanced out the back window and scanned the yard, then headed upstairs. He grabbed his Glock 9mm handgun from its resting place on the top shelf of his closet. The holster clip snapped snuggly to his belt. Satisfied he was equipped to handle anything, he headed back downstairs.
Molly was heading toward the backdoor when he returned. “Molly, stay inside. It’s too hot to play outside with the dogs today.”
“Can I watch them from the deck while they go potty?” Molly asked with a hopeful smile.
“Okay, but stay on the deck where I can see you.” Josh answered feeling like a worried old woman.
 **********
A rare summer storm rumbled over the mountains. The growing darkness caught Randy’s eye. He glanced at the clock on his office wall, 3 o’clock. He rose and walked over to Ed’s desk where Grace sat still looking at mug shots.
“Grace,” Randy said softly, “Why don’t you take a break. Can I get you a soda or something from the snack machine?”
“I’d love some juice or an energy drink.” She said with a sign glad to pull her eyes away from so many angry, glaring faces.
“Stand up and stretch your legs. I’ll go see what I can find.” Randy smiled and headed down the hall to the small break room that doubled as a booking station.
His desk phone was ringing when he returned. He handed Grace a bottle of apple juice and an energy bar and rushed to answer the phone.
“Sheriff’s Office, Sheriff Connor speaking,” He said as he sat down at his desk.
“Randy, Scott Parker, L.A.P.D. I just emailed you the mug shots of Joel Ferrell’s known associates. Let me know if there is anything else you need.”
“Thanks, Scott. I really appreciate your help on this one.” Randy smiled and hung up.
He opened his email and clicked on the pdf file Scott sent. “Grace, Can you take a look at these pictures real quick. If you don’t recognize anyone, we’ll call it a day and head to the house.”
 

Beth gazed down at Emma sleeping soundly in her arms and tried to imagine holding a child of her own. Until she met Josh and spent time with Molly and Jake, Beth always thought of herself as a childless career woman. She rose from the recliner and walked to the bay window that overlooked Amy’s front yard.
Amy disappeared into the trees at the far end of the yard heading for the stables. Beth found it extremely ironic that her young protégé was coaching her on how to care for a baby. Beth carried Emma upstairs and laid her in the baby bed in the nursery. She stuck her head in Bash’s room. He was sleeping off the pain meds, again.
She went back downstairs to start dinner. Josh and Molly would be arriving soon. Pulling some steak from the fridge, Beth sat them in a bowl of marinade and placed them back in the fridge. She did the same for a plate of chicken breasts, and then added a pot of water to the stove to make some pasta salad.
Amy came in and washed her hands in the kitchen sink. “The horses have plenty of water and a bucket of oats. The rain really cooled it off outside. We should eat out on the deck tonight. I’ll go light the citronella torches.”
It wasn’t long before Josh and Molly walked through the door. Molly rushed upstairs to see if Bash was awake while Josh headed out to the deck to get the grill going. Molly came quickly back down the stairs looking for Amy. “Bash is awake and he’s getting out of bed to come downstairs. Is that okay?” She asked Amy, who was wrapping some potatoes in foil.
“If he’s up to it, that’s fine.” Amy said putting down the potatoes and heading for the stairs.
Bash was already at the top of the stairs when Amy started up. She went to his side, and he put his arm around her shoulders as they walked slowly down the stairs. Josh came in and hurried over to take Amy’s place and help Bash sit down in the recliner. Molly ran upstairs and got a blanket.
Bash smiled as Molly pushed the button to raise his feet; then she tucked the blanket in around him. “Doctor Molly,” he teased her, “I don’t have insurance. How much do you charge?”
“I’m very expensive,” She answered with a serious expression, “But you get the family discount. So today only, there’s no charge.” She turned and headed into the kitchen to return with a bag of ice. “This is for your cut, what do you call it?”
“Incision,” Bash corrected, “This is exactly what I need. You’re a great doctor.”
Molly beamed with pride as she grabbed the remote and turned on the TV.
Randy and Grace arrived. Randy took Grace’s bag and headed upstairs while Grace said hello to everyone and gave Bash a quick kiss. “You look good,” She told him, “The dark rings under your eyes are almost gone.”
Bash spent the evening in the recliner. He resisted the urge to take another pain pill. They made him so sleepy. Molly kept his ice bag fresh. Randy cheerfully rushed around the house helping with dinner. He insisted Beth and Amy sit down and watch a movie with Bash and Grace while he and Josh cleaned up, much to Josh’s dismay.
Josh went outside to clean the grill and wipe off the patio table while Randy put away the leftovers and loaded the dishwasher. When they finished, Randy pulled two beers out of the refrigerator, and they headed out onto the deck to relax. 
Randy sat down on the bench that sat overlooking the yard and forest beyond. Josh sat beside him and opened his beer. Randy gazed at the purple horizon as the sun sank behind the mountains. He said, “Grace identified one of the men at Sadie’s. His name is Pete Sanchez.  If he’s still around here, we’ll find him.”
“That’s incredible, does Bash know?” Josh asked and took a sip of his beer.
“No, Grace doesn’t want to upset him. She’s going to tell him tonight after everyone goes to bed.” Randy explained. “Bash claims they threatened Grace, but he won’t say anymore. I’m not sure what he’s thinking. Pete has a history of violence and drugs. He isn’t the type to walk away. I asked Grace to stay with us for a few days.”
Josh stared at Randy until he turned to look at him. Josh said, “When is this going to end, Randy? What has Bash gotten himself mixed up in? If this guy is so bad, what was Bash doing with him? You said violence and drugs. Grace is a good kid. If Bash is into drugs, then we need to separate them. Grace’s dad isn’t here to protect her. I won’t be responsible for allowing Grace to take the wrong path.”
Randy glanced down at the deck and said, “I spent the last few days trying to figure out what Bash’s role is in all this. I wish I could say I think he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, but I don’t believe it.”
“So what did happen?” Josh asked quietly, not sure he wanted to know.
“I don’t know, Josh.” Randy looked at him. “I don’t, but he’s my brother-in-law and he came clean about the meth. I didn’t get the whole story, but I don’t think he intended to distribute it. As for the death of Lt. Thomas, I think Bash tried to stop it and nearly died for his efforts. Therefore, as far as I’m concerned, he has a clean slate right now. What he chooses to do with it is up to him.”
“And Grace?” Josh locked eyes with him.
“If I see Bash heading in the wrong direction I’ll step in. For now, Bash is in love, probably for the first time in his life. Let him enjoy it. He hasn’t had a lot of happiness in his life. Maybe Grace is the one thing, the only thing that can turn him around.”








Chapter Thirteen

Josh’s phone buzzed in his back pocket as they finished their beer. He pulled it out; it was Joanne’s home phone. “Joanne?” He answered.
“Dad?” Jake’s voice cracked with emotion.
“Jake, what’s wrong?” Josh quickly rose to his feet.
“I want to come home.” Jake answered.
“Are you okay?” Josh asked heading toward the kitchen door.
Randy rose and followed him.
“I just don’t want to be here anymore.” Jake answered defensively. “Mom left.”
Josh didn’t like to tone of Jake’s voice. “I’m at your Uncle Randy’s. I’ll be there in ten minutes.”
Once inside Josh announced, “I’m going to pick up Jake. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
**********
Jake didn’t wait for Josh to get out of his truck. He rushed out the door and strode quickly to his dad’s truck. When the light of the door hit Jake’s face, a rage began to boil inside Josh like he’d never felt before.
Jake’s right eye was swollen and bruised. Josh gritted his teeth and took a deep breath while Jake climbed in the truck. He reached out and cupped Jake’s chin, “What happened to your eye, son?”
“I fell,” Jake said quietly.
“You fell on what?” Josh asked pushing his anger down deep inside.
“I don’t remember.” Jake said with a jerk of his head pulling free of his father’s grasp.
Josh put the truck into gear and headed back toward Randy’s. When they reached the entrance to Randy’s driveway Josh pulled in and stopped. He turned off the truck and sat in the darkness with Jake.
Jake slowly turned to face him. “Dad, what are you doing?”
Josh sighed and looked at him. “We have to talk about the black eye son. I’m not taking you any further until you tell me what happened.”
“It was my fault.” Jake said softly.
Josh had a sinking feeling, “Jake, you’re just a kid. Fights happen, was it the kid down the street again?”
“No,” Jake answered looking down.
Josh stared at him in silence, waiting.
“Mom didn’t mean to hurt me.” Jake admitted turning back to look at him, he added quickly, “I was yelling at her. She told me to stop and I wouldn’t.”
Josh’s jaw clenched. “She hit you?”
The tears came and Jake started talking, “We were at the drive-in and she said she was going to the concession stand for popcorn, but she didn’t come back. I waited for a long time, then I went to the concession stand to look for her, and she wasn’t there. On my way back to the car, I saw her standing near a car arguing with some guy. I went over to ask her what she was doing, and she got mad. She was drinking again dad. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner. I thought I could get her to stop. I kept taking the alcohol and hiding it, but she always got more. When she started yelling I me to go back to the car I got mad. I told her I was sick of her drinking, and she told me to shut up. I said no and the guy got mad. I called him an asshole. He started to yell at me, and mom started to yell at him. I grabbed her hand and tried to pull her back to the car. She screamed at me, and started shaking me. The guy ripped our hands apart. He shoved me. I fell against his car and hit my head on the chrome bumper.”
Josh’s anger boiled inside him. He pushed it down again.
Jake continued as tears streamed down his face. “The guy went ballistic and started screaming at me and mom. Some people got out of their cars and came over. A lady helped me up and took me over to her car. I don’t know what happened next. All I know is mom pulled up with her car a few minutes later, and we left.”
Josh reached out and pulled Jake to him. He hugged him and said, “its okay, Jake. It wasn’t your fault. I’ll talk to your mom, and we’ll sort this out.”
Jake hugged him hard and released him. “Why did she do that dad? It was supposed to be our night together.”
“I don’t know, son. I’m sorry; I can’t explain it.” Josh added softly. He would get to the bottom of it, but first he’d find that guy and kick his ass. “Where’s your mom?”
Jake climbed back into his seat, “She let me in the house and left. She told me to go to bed. I don’t think she knew I was hurt. She just left.”
Josh started the truck and moved up the drive to the house. They climbed out and headed toward the door. “Let’s get some ice on that eye. You’re going to have a real shiner in the morning.”
“Can I put a steak on it like they do in the movies?” Jake asked.
Josh laughed and opened the door. Jake’s black eye drew everyone’s attention when he walked through the living room. Beth watched Josh closely. He was smiling and acting as if nothing was wrong.
Molly ran up to Jake and peered closely at his eye. “What happened to you?”
Josh answered for Jake, “He fell. He’s going to be fine.”
Beth came up beside Jake and examined his eye. “It’s you’re first and hopefully last black eye Jake. It looks like your eye is fine. It’s a surface wound. I’ll get you some Ibuprofen.”
Josh handed Jake an ice pack from the freezer as Beth went in search of medicine. Glancing around Josh asked, “Where’s Randy?”
Amy walked down the stairs with Emma in her arms and said, “There was a disturbance at the drive-in. Randy went to help Ed sort it all out.”
Jake turned to Josh in alarm. Josh pulled him aside and said softly, “its okay, Randy can handle it. If your mom’s there, Randy will take care of her.”
“Dad, please?” Jake was beginning to panic.
“Okay,” Josh said quickly, “I’ll head over there and see what’s going on. You stay here with Beth until I get back.”
Jake sat down on the sofa next to Bash’s recliner. Bash glanced over at his black eye and said, “Stirring some things up tough guy?”
Jake grinned and winced at the pain in his eye.
Beth followed Josh to the door and kissed him goodbye, “Is everything all right?” she asked softly.
“Yes,” Josh answered glancing back at Jake. “But Jake and Molly should stay with you. If Joanne calls, she can’t have them tonight. No matter what she says, the answer is no.”
“I understand,” Beth answered as he turned and headed to his truck.
When Josh reached the main road, he pulled out his cell phone and called Randy. Randy picked it up on the first ring. “Randy, is Joanne involved in the disturbance at the drive-in?” Josh got right to the point.
“No, it was a bunch of teenagers whooping it up on the playground.” Randy chuckled, “I’m taking them back to spend a few hours in the jail.”
“Okay, thanks.” Josh answered and hung up before Randy could ask any questions. He turned right at the main road through town and headed for Sadie’s, hoping he was wrong.
Josh pulled into the lot and parked next to Joanne’s new car. The parking lot was packed. Thursday was ladies night, free drinks for gals all night. Josh climbed out of his truck and let the anger rise. 
Josh walked into Sadie’s and gazed slowly around the room from table to table. He could see Joanne across the dance floor. She was standing near the stage talking to a tall lanky man with long greasy brown hair. Josh’s eyes narrowed as the anger grew. No one placed a hand on his son. 
Josh strode boldly across the dance floor toward them. Joanne’s date saw him coming and pushed her to one side. Josh stopped at the edge of the dance floor and waited. Joanne stared at him in shock. Josh’s gaze moved from her date, back to Joanne. When their eyes met, she gasped and dropped the drink in her hand. She stepped toward him.
“Josh, it was an accident.” She stammered. 
Josh moved his eyes back to the tall man and said, “You’re pretty tough against a fourteen year old kid. Let’s see how you hold up to a grown man.”


Randy watched as Ed finished processing the last teenager then escorted them to the holding cell. He walked back to his desk as Ed answered the phone. “Right,” Ed said and hung up. “We’ve got trouble at Sadie’s. Two men in a fist fight in the parking lot.”
 “I’ll take it.” Randy said heading for the door. “You stay here and handle the angry parents when they arrive.” He added with a chuckle.
**********
Bash stretched his arms and shifted to one side of the recliner to allow Grace more room on the arm of the chair.  He sighed and said, “I think I’m ready for a pain pill before I head upstairs.”
Grace smiled and rose to run upstairs for his meds. Molly rushed to Bash’s chair and pushed down on the footrest for him. “Dr. Molly strikes again.” Bash said with a smile. “I don’t think I could have gotten that down myself.”
Molly smiled and him and said, “I’ll get you some water for your pills, no charge.”
Grace returned and handed Bash a large white pill. He accepted the water from Molly and washed down the pill.
Grace sat down on the arm of the recliner and said, “Let’s give it about 15 minutes before we head upstairs. It will be easier on you once the pill kicks in.”
Beth went upstairs to help Amy give Emma a quick bath before bed. They finished just as Grace and Bash headed up the stairs. Molly cuddled up to Jake on the sofa as he searched for a suitable cartoon they would both enjoy. Beth headed downstairs to get them ready to leave while Amy put Emma to bed.
Bash really didn’t need to lean on Grace to get to his bed, but he liked having her arms around him. She helped him sit down on the edge of his bed and held his hand as he lay down. Pulling the blanket up over him she said, “I have to tell you something.”
He relaxed into the pillow as the room began to float about him. Smiling up at her, he said, “You can tell me anything.”
She smiled as his eyes glazed over and added, “Can you concentrate on me for a minute before you fall asleep? I went to the Sheriff’s office and looked at mug shots.”
That got his attention, “Why?”
“He wanted to see if I could identify the men at Sadie’s that left with the soldier.” Grace said softly, “I found one, his name is Pete. He was in a file of known associates of the guy the Sheriff killed.”
Bash’s head cleared a bit as his pulse began to race. “No, Grace. You should have talked to me first. I don’t want you mixed up in this. Pete is dangerous.”
“Well, it’s too late.” Grace said in a stern tone. “Sheriff Connor sent an alert and everyone is looking for him now. The Sheriff thinks they will find him soon and this will all be over.”
Bash reached up and touched her cheek. She was so beautiful, so innocent. She had no idea what she’d done. “Stay here with me tonight.” He whispered.
 **********
When Amy came down the stairs, she found all three of the Millers on their hands and knees looking under the furniture. “What did you lose?” She asked with a giggle.
“My shoes,” Molly said, rising to her feet. “I don’t know what I did with them.”
Suddenly a loud boom came from outside. Amy froze. Beth jumped to her feet and ran to the door. She pulled it open and peered outside asking, “What was that?”
The scream of a frightened horse came from the stables.
Amy nodded and said, “Close the door, Beth! It could be that bear.”
Before Beth could shut the door, Grace came running down the stairs. “It’s the horses!” She said as she pushed past Beth and out the door. She bolted for the stables before Beth could say a word.
“No!” Bash yelled from upstairs. “Don’t let her go!”
 Jake rose to his feet and locked eyes with Beth. “That was a gunshot.”
Amy ran to the closet under the stairs and pulled her handgun out. She slammed the closet shut and told Beth. “Get the kids upstairs and take care of Emma,” then ran after Grace.
“No Amy!” Bash called from the top of the stairs, “A handgun won’t stop a bear!”
Beth grabbed Molly’s hand and pulled her toward the stairs.
“My horses!” Molly started to cry, “I want my horses!”
Jake rushed up the stairs behind them and wrapped his arm around Molly’s shoulders. “It’s okay Molly. Everything is going to be okay.”
Bash disappeared into Amy’s bedroom as Beth pushed Molly and Jake into Emma’s room and said, “Stay here, don’t come out. I’ll be right back.” 
She shut the door and turned back to help Bash down the stairs. He was gone.
**********
Josh leaned over Joanne’s date who lay sprawled out on the parking lot. He scowled at him wishing he’d get up. Joanne rushed to his side and said, “What the hell are you doing? Stay out of my life!”
“Your life?” Josh turned to her, “You’re drinking again and from what I hear turning tricks to earn the money to pay for your new car and all the time I’m foolishly paying your rent so you can subject my kids to God know what. Josh told me about the booze. The poor kid has been trying to save you from yourself and how do you repay him? You throw him into the middle of your drunken fight with this loser and get him hurt.”
Joanne’s face lost all color. She stepped back from him and glanced down at her date. She looked back up at Josh and locked eyes with him. “Yeah, I’ve been drinking. So what?  It’s my life. I never brought Bob home when they were there. I never drank in front of them, only after they went to bed. As for the hooker shit, I got the money from Bob. He loves me and wants to take care of me. I’m sorry Jake got hurt but it was just a black eye, no permanent damage was done.”
“No permanent damage?” Josh growled taking a menacing step toward her. “He’s devastated. You left him in the car to go party with Bob. He had to come and look for you. When he tried to be the adult and get your drunken ass back to the car you started screaming at him. Jake has been trying to save you from alcohol, probably for weeks. It kills me that he had to see you like that. No fourteen year old kid should have to save him mom from booze or a drunken fight with her boyfriend; so no permanent damage? You just lost all visiting rights and consider this notice that I am no longer paying your rent. You’re on your own, stay away from my kids.”
Randy pulled up with his lights flashing. The small crowd of spectators scattered as he pulled up. He stopped the truck in front of a man and woman arguing over a second man who lay sprawled out on the gravel parking lot. Randy climbed out of the truck and moved toward them as the woman turned to face him and said, “Oh shit,”
Randy stopped and frowned at her, “Joanne? I thought you gave up the bar scene.” He stared at the back of the man’s head and said, “Josh? What the hell are you doing?”
Josh turned to face Randy. A thin trail of blood ran down his cheek. He said, “He gave Jake a black eye. He’s lucky to be alive.”
Randy stared down as Bob rolled over and struggled to rise. Turning back to Josh Randy asked, “Is Jake okay?”
“Yeah,” Josh added quietly.
Randy looked at Joanne and said, “Get him in my truck, and I’ll take you home.” Then he turned back to Josh and added, “I’ll talk to you about this tomorrow. Go get your family and go home.”
**********
Amy stood staring into the pasture unable to move. Mazie pranced nervously at the far end of the pasture. Flo lay on the ground a few yards inside the pasture directly in front of Amy. Grace knelt on the ground next to Flo’s head and patted her gently.
“Easy girl, easy now,” Grace spoke softly. She rose and headed for the stables calling to Amy. “I don’t know why she’s down. She’s breathing fast; she’s plenty scared, but I don’t see any indication she was attacked by a bear.”
Amy stuffed her handgun in the back of her jeans and climbed over the fence. Grace returned with a halter and slid it over Flo’s nose. Once it was secure, she pulled on the reins and said, “Get up! Come on Flo, get up.”
Flo wouldn’t move. Grace handed the reins to Amy and knelt beside Flo lifting her head. “Give it a pull Amy.” She said as she tried to push Flo’s head up as Amy pulled. Suddenly Grace gasped and pulled her hands away.
They were covered in blood. Grace rose and glanced around the pasture staring into the trees and brush beyond. She turned to Amy who’s face was white as a ghost and said, “It wasn’t a bear. I could feel the wound. She’s been shot.”
“Get back to the house,” Bash ordered from the other side of the fence.
They turned to stare at him. He was holding Randy’s rifle. Grace started toward him when she caught a slight movement out of the corner of her eye. Bash raised the rifle and pointed it in the same direction. Grace’s heart jumped into her throat as Pete and his two henchmen walked out of the stable heading slowly toward her.
“Stay where you are Pete.” Bash cautioned in a deep voice, “Or I’ll put a hole in your head.”
Pete turned toward Bash. He raised his hand and pointed a gun at Grace. “You brought this on Bash. You squealed to that cop of yours, and he raised a stink that I got to end.”
Bash moved closer to the fence, keeping his gun trained on Pete. The two men behind Pete raised their guns and pointed them at Bash. 
“She’s not in this, Pete,” Bash said glancing at the lock on the gate. “I didn’t tell the cops anything. I kept my mouth shut.”
Pete flashed Bash a wicked smile, “You’re a liar. My face is on the news. They know all about me. I’m done here now, because of you.”
“Pete, I don’t know how they got your name, but I swear to you it wasn’t from me.” Bash said calmly. “Why don’t we talk it out and maybe we can figure out what happened.”
“Not a chance,” Pete’s smile vanished, “I’m going to kill you and your pretty sister. Then I’m taking your little girlfriend and her bike for a long ride.”
He slowly turned his gun toward Bash. Amy screamed in rage and yanked her gun out from behind her back. She fired point blank at Pete and hit him square in the chest. Grace dove for cover behind Flo. Bash fired at the closest henchmen and missed. Amy kept firing, screaming in rage. She hit the second henchmen in the head. He fell lifeless to the ground. Bash fired again at the first henchman as he turned his gun on Amy.
“No!” Bash screamed and fired again and again. He wasn’t going to let him hurt Amy.
The first henchman staggered backward as blood squirted from his chest and neck. He fell back into the darkness of the stables and went still. Bash stared at him. His gaze moved to the second henchman, then to Pete. 
They were dead. All three of them were dead. He couldn’t breathe. Everything moved in slow motion. Grace and Amy ran toward him. He watched them climb over the fence. He gazed blankly at Amy’s tear filled face as she yanked the gun from his hands. He felt Grace grab hold of his arm as he sank to the ground. He could feel the cool, wet grass beneath his back. He frowned at the flashes of red and white light that bounced off the stable. Then everything went dark.
Amy turned and ran toward the driveway as Randy’s SUV roared into view, its siren wailing and lights flashing. Josh’s truck was right behind him. Amy reached the driveway as Randy slid to a halt. He jumped from the truck and ran toward her pulling his gun. Amy dove into his arms sobbing.
She quickly pushed back from him and said, “I killed them! Those men shot Flo and were going to kill Bash, so I shot them. I shot them, Randy! I killed them!”
Josh jumped out of his truck as Beth rushed out onto the porch with Emma in her arms. Jake and Molly stood behind her as Josh ran toward them. Randy pulled Amy to him and surveyed the scene. He asked quickly, “Where are Bash and Grace?”
Amy turned and started to run toward the stables. “No, Amy!” Randy ran after her and grabbed her arm. He shoved her behind him and said, “Stay here!”
Randy ran toward the stables releasing the safety on his gun. As he neared, he could see Grace sitting on the ground cradling Bash in her arms. Randy could see Flo and three other bodies on the ground near the stables. He asked Grace, “Is Bash shot?”
Grace stared up at him with tear-filled eyes and said, “I don’t think so. I can’t find a wound.”
Randy pressed against Bash’s throat; his pulse was fast but steady. He glanced at Grace and said, “He’s alive, stay here.”
Randy climbed over the fence and kicked the guns away from the three men before he checked their pulse. They were gone. He moved to Flo and knelt beside her. He placed his hand on her chest. She was still breathing. 

Chapter Fourteen

“I want him arrested for assault!” Joanne’s date leaned over Randy’s desk.
Randy rose and glared at him. “Bob, its four o’clock in the morning, my wife just killed three men in self-defense. My horse nearly died, and I’ve spent the last five hours documenting, interviewing and cleaning it all up. In fact, I’d really like to be home holding her right now instead of looking at your ugly face. I’m going to say this once, so you had better listen. I don’t care that you sat here all night waiting for someone to talk to you. I don’t care that Josh beat the crap out of you in front of the bar. Frankly, you had it coming. What I do care about is the kid who suffered a black eye at your hand. I love that kid. I’ve helped raise that kid since he was a baby. So, if you want to press charges against Josh, that’s your right. However, if you do, I’m booking you for child abuse. You know how that works don’t you Bob? Once you go down for child abuse it doesn’t matter what you actually did, you’re labeled. It will ruin your life, Bob. But, if that’s what you want to do, then I’m all for it. I’m willing to make that deal. In fact, I’d love to make that deal. So what’s it going to be Bob?”
Bob’s face went blank. He turned to Joanne, who was standing beside him and said, “We’re done.”
“You know what Bob,” Randy’s patience was gone. He moved swiftly around the desk and added, “I’m going to book you anyway.”
Randy grabbed Bob by the collar and hauled him into the processing room. He shoved him up against the white board that stood behind the mug shot camera and said, “Empty your pockets.”
Bob stammered, “I…I don’t want any trouble. I won’t press charges. I didn’t even touch the kid. I pulled Joanne off of him!”
“If I have to empty your pockets…” Randy growled at him.
“Okay, okay,” He dug into this pockets and laid the contents on the fingerprint table that stood in the center of the room.
“Stand up against the wall,” Randy ordered as the glanced at the items. Randy hesitated and reached over to pick up a small pocketknife. He pushed a button on the side and the blade opened. He glanced up at Bob and asked, “Zero Tolerance knife. Where did you get this?” 
********
Josh’s head jerked up as the front door opened. Randy slipped quietly inside and glanced over at him. Josh was trying to sleep in the recliner. Beth slept on the sofa. Jake and Molly were sound asleep on the floor. Randy smiled at Josh as he rose and stretched his back.
Josh grinned and whispered, “You’re recliner sucks.”
Randy chuckled and said, “The suns coming up. Let’s go out on the deck.”
They sat down in the wicker chairs at the center of the deck and gazed the morning sky as the sun up over the mountains. Randy glanced at Josh and said, “I found out who robbed your build site.”
Josh turned to stare at him in surprise. “Who is it?”
Randy locked eyes with him. His face turned to stone. “You’re not going to like this Josh. Bob Childress was using Joanne to get information about your build sites.”
“Joanne?” Josh turned and stared into the trees beyond the deck. “She’s part of this?”
Randy explained, “I don’t think she was at first. He romanced her and got her back on the booze to get the information he wanted. When she discovered what Bob and his friends were doing, she wanted a piece of it. For lack of a better word, she blackmailed him. He paid her a wad of cash from the build site theft, and she told him about the records in your office. I’m sorry Josh.”
Josh couldn’t speak. The idea of Joanne’s betrayal was insignificant to the pain that Jake and Molly would experience from losing their mother again. “Will she go to prison?”
“I hope not,” Randy said softly, “She confessed to everything when I confronted her. Bob’s in jail.”
“How did you figure it out?” Josh looked at him. 
Randy said, “You remember that pocket knife you man found at the build site? Bob had one just like it. I looked it up; that’s a two-hundred dollar knife. Bob works part-time at a gas station.”
“What am I going to tell the kids?” Josh said softly.
“Nothing,” Beth’s voice came from behind them. “They don’t need to know.” She walked across the deck and sat down on Josh’s lap. “You’ll wait to see if Joanne is prosecuted.  If the prosecuting attorney doesn’t press charges then it’s over. The kids won’t ever know. If she ends up going to jail, then we’ll address it with them.”
Josh wrapped his arms around her, and she leaned against him. He said, “Things are going to change. Joanne’s drinking again, so she can’t be trusted with the kids. Jake’s black eye is proof of that. We’ll have to go back to supervised visitation.”
Beth sat up and said, “She can come to the house to see the kids. We can clean out the storage room in the basement and turn it into a family room. The kids need a place to play with their friends, and that would give her some privacy with the kids. We can put in a sofa bed so she can spend the night if she likes. Joanne may not like it, but it would give her unlimited access to the kids. That’s much better than forcing her to meet the kids in a sterile office environment under the eyes of social workers.”
Josh smiled at Beth, “Baby that’s an incredible idea, but it’s also going to be a lot of work. Are you sure you can handle Joanne walking in and out of our house on a regular basis? We’ll have no privacy. The kids will always be with us; we’ll never be alone again.”
Beth reached out and touched Josh’s unshaven face. She explained, “The kids need to see their mom. We need to make sure Joanne is sober when she’s with them. If this is what it takes to make that happen, then that’s what we need to do. Besides once we have a baby of our own, alone time is going out the window anyway. We’ll simply need to put more effort into ensuring we get a date night a couple times a month. ”
*********
A golden glow spread across the guest room creeping up the bed until it reached Bash. The warmth of the sun urged him to wake. He opened his eyes and tried to sit up. He moaned as the pain in his side surged through him.
Grace slept curled up at the bottom of his bed. She sprang up and rushed to his side. “Lay still, the paramedics said you were exhausted from the walk to the stables. When you combined that with the pain meds and a surge of adrenaline, it knocked you out when the fight was over.”
“Amy!” He gasped reaching for her, “Is she okay?”
“I’m fine.” Amy’s voice came from the doorway. She moved to the side of the bed and smiled at him through her tears. “What is it with you and guns anyway?”
He smiled at her, “I could live the rest of my life without seeing another gun.”
Amy sat down on the edge of the bed and hugged him. “Well if you’re going to be a member of this family, then you better get used to them. Randy’s going to want to take you hunting this fall, I just know it.”
Bash’s eyes filled with tears as he gazed at her. “Then you still want me around after everything that happened?”
Amy reached out and took his hand, “You’re my brother. I will always want you near me, no matter what.” She glanced at Grace and added, “But you have to promise me this is over.”
He looked from Amy to Grace. He felt like he was seeing Grace for the first time. Her long, blonde hair fell wildly around her shoulders. Her green eyes sparkled with tears of joy from Amy’s declaration. He squeezed Amy’s hand and reached out to Grace. She placed her hand in his and sat down beside Amy. He gazed deeply into her eyes and said, “I promise no more excitement, no more danger just plain, simple boredom.” He flashed a dazzling smile at Amy and said, “And if you truly don’t want the money from dad’s car. I’ve got a great investment idea you’re going to love.”
*********
It took three months and a few favors for Josh to find the small patch of lake front property, but it was worth it. The hard part was convincing Bash and Grace to wait until the spring to build. 
The three of them stood on the shore on the low bluff overlooking the lake.
“I know you’re anxious to get this going.” Josh began, “But the summer season will be over by the time we finish the build and get the store stocked with product. I think we should switch gears and head up to Snow Bird and take look at a couple of storefronts that have recently become available.”
Bash and Grace exchanged confused glances. Bash frowned at Josh and said, “We used everything we had and then some to get this property. We can’t afford …”
Josh smiled and said, “I told you this was a good investment. You’ve got a solid plan. You open this storefront in the summer to support watersports on the lake and stock snowboards, etc. at a second property near the ski slopes for the winter season. Beth and I are behind you on both projects. I’m suggesting we switch to the winter project at this point. Let’s put the summer project on the back burner. You’re quickest financial return at this point is the winter store. So let’s set this build aside for next March and find a good location at Snow Bird for your store front.”
Grace smiled and said, “He’s right, if we can find a property fast, we’ve got enough time to get it up and running by the first snow of the season.”
Bash locked eyes with Josh and said, “This is new territory for you Josh. Are you sure you want to do this? It will take us a long time to pay you back.”
Josh smiled and said, “Jake and Molly want to take ski lessons. I’ll have a built in partner, one I can trust who’ll make that happen. Now let’s get going. We’ve got an appointment to see those stores in an hour.”
Grace laughed, “You’re not someone who takes no for an answer are you Josh?”
They laughed and headed back toward the road where Josh’s pickup sat.
Grace added, “How is Beth feeling?”
Josh sighed and shook his head, “She’s got it bad. If she’s not throwing up, she’s exhausted and just wants to sleep. It’s the worse morning sickness I’ve ever seen.” Josh stopped and turned back to them. “By the way, how did your parents react to Bash moving into your apartment?”
Grace rolled her eyes and said, “They aren’t happy about it, but Emmett’s return to school has distracted them. I’m sure we’ll get plenty of lectures for years to come about it.”
Josh shrugged, “They love you.”
He headed to his truck as Bash and Grace turned back to look at their new property. Bash smiled and wrapped his arm around Grace’s waist. “Since we are putting this build off a bit why don’t we talk about a two-story with an apartment over the shop?”

The End

Other books by Alaina Stanford
http://www.authoralainastanford.com
The Rule Series
Three Year Rule, Book 1
When renown psychologist and bestselling author Elizabeth Stewart first noticed Joshua Miller standing at the back of her audience she thought the tall, muscular man dressed like a lumberjack was in the wrong room. Little did she know, Joshua would defy everything she ever wrote about relationships. Little did she know, he was also the key to her survival. 

Seven-Year Rule, Book 2
Beth and Josh befriend a young couple. Whitney and Mason's life was perfect. They scoffed at the idea of the seventh year of marriage being the make it or break it year for most couples. That theory didn't apply to them. They were the perfect couple. Their brand new house overlooked the lake. Their brand new cars were state of the art. Their careers were taking off at an accelerated rate. Their sex life was incredible. Their lives were exactly the way they intended. Perfect. When Whitney's widower brother-in-law dies, leaving them three small children, their perfect lives are torn apart. Raising children was never part of their plan. Raising children requires sacrifice. A sacrifice they never intended to make. A sacrifice that could end their perfect way of life. A sacrifice that could end their perfect marriage. A sacrifice, if not done correctly could end a child's life.

Twenty-one Year Rule, Book 3
As a young boy Bash sacrificed everything to save his sister Amy’s, life including his freedom. After years in juvenile detention, he’s finally free and ready to start over. Meeting Grace is the last thing he expected. Her kindness and uninhibited lifestyle lead him toward a life he never knew existed. He can see his future in her eyes, but his past won't let him go.
Termination Rule, Book 4
Everyone lives their lives by a certain set of rules. For some, those rules are outside the law.
Jake never ran from a fight. He also never started one. When a jealous rival sends him to the hospital, he questions his choices. Suddenly he finds himself in the center of chaos. When people begin to die all around him Jake realizes sometimes you can't walk away from a fight. Sometimes you have to stand and fight to survive.


Treborel Series
Tempest Rise, Book 1
Lysette could not ignore the intense attraction she felt for Katar, the mountain Prince of Treborel.  The very moment their eyes met the sharp grip of excitement and anticipation ran through Lysette’s entire being.  Katar felt the same sting of emotion despite the knee Lysette shoved into his groin in an effort to be free of his iron grasp.  Attracted by her beauty and stubborn intellect Katar knew there was no chance for a future with Lysette.  She was a surgeon from the modern world.  His people relied strictly on the ancient art of the Empathic Healers.  They had no need for modern medicine.  Yet he could not resist pursuing Lysette.  His only hope was to find some common ground the two could share.
As their romance blooms, an assassination attempt on Bantor's pregnant Queen Elsebeth sparks a chain of events that lead to continental war.  The war escalates. Lysette befriends several of Treborel’s Empaths determined to learn more about their mysterious healing techniques. She accompanies the Empaths a medical unit near the front lines where Bantor’s Elite Guard captures them. Lysette’s worse fears come to life as the psychotic Commander Connor, bent on vengeance against Katar tortures and kills the transport crew before her eyes.  While in captivity, Lysette races against time to save Queen Elsebeth’s newborn twins. Forced to witness the torture and death one by one of those around her, Lysette realizes each was killed once their usefulness ran out.  
As Katar races against time to rescue Lysette.  She is told he has married another and begins to lose hope.  She allows herself to grow close to the last remaining prisoner a handsome Empath named Andru.  When Lysette and Andru discover one of the twins is to be killed, they plan their escape into the savage wilderness surrounding their camp.
Will Katar reach her before her usefulness as a doctor is no longer needed, and her torturous death begins?  If he is able to save her, will he find she has given her heart to another, before she discovers the truth?

Vengeance’s Fire, Book 2
Kendra had not seen Cap in more than 6 months. He was a Helijet Pilot in her Majesties Air Forces stationed in the capital city of Borel. Kendra was an Empathic Healer living deep in the mountainous wilderness.
As Kendra prepares to travel to the Northern Mountains to the Empathic Wilderness Survival Center with a group of students Cap suddenly appears prepared to make the 2-week trek through the mountains with them. Could his motive reach beyond merely recovering the abandoned helijet found near the Survival Center?
As they travel into the mountains, they realize the forest creatures appear to be leaving the mountains, and heading toward the lower lands. Kendra's blood runs cold as the realizes that 'Frenzy' a time when the giant creatures that roam the mountains become crazed with hunger and devour every warm blooded beast in their path.
As Cap and Kendra's romance begins to blossom once more, they quickly come to understand the mountains hold a horrifying secret, which could lead to the end of the Empathic way of life as well as their own. A threat that legends have foretold.

Hypnotic Journey Series
Forbidden Quest, Book 1
Wouldn't it be cool to have the combat skills of a seasoned warrior suddenly? Wouldn't it be even better if the combat felt real, and there was no physical danger to you? Wouldn't it be perfect if the hypnotist in charge of your session was not insanely evil, and using you as a weapon in a plot for revenge?
Four friends, two in love, two in hate enter into a Group Hypnosis study attempting to introduce fantasy adventures to small groups. They are promised a video game type of adventure rescuing an Elf Queen from her crystal prison as elf warriors, a sorceress and a fairy. As soon as they fall under the good doctor’s spell, they begin to realize the adventure is realer than they could have ever imagined. They find themselves in a hostile world they cannot seem to escape from.
Certain she has found the next hot trend in adventure vacations Nicole Waters a prominent St Louis Assistant District Attorney is forced to take her boyfriend Tom’s best friend Jack Tyler, a local travel agent on a business vacation.  Her haste to be a prime investor takes Nicole, Jack and two others; Sarah Sims, a shy nurse practitioner and Todd Hopper, a professional hockey player into a test program for group hypnosis.
Dr. Strong introduces the soon to be adventurers to an equipment-filled gym inside an archaic old hotel.  Undaunted by their meager surroundings, the friends listen anxiously as Dr. Strong explains, “The wall of netting might become a series of vines or perhaps the side of a rock cliff. The weight machine will serve as the stimulus if you are required to lift or push a heavy object. The stair climber will serve as a tree, the fortress wall or maybe a rock incline you must scale.”   He then offers the adventurers a mild sedative to aid in their simultaneous entry into hypnosis.   But instead of experiencing an action packed fantasy quest to rescue the Elf Queen from her crystal prison inside the Cave of Sorrows; they find themselves trapped in a deadly world of elves and monsters that are realer than they could ever imagine.  Where a cry for help is left unheard.

When Magic Fails, Book 2
After the tragedy of losing one of their own soon after arriving in this new world, the remaining adventurers begin to build a new life in a new world filled with elves and trolls.  Suddenly the last surviving Elf Wizard vanishes in a violent storm leaving an entire battalion of Elf Warriors dead.  Sorceress Sarah Sims recently completed her apprenticeship. Her companions: Jack, a skilled swordsman and his wife Nicole one of the last remaining Woodland Elves now face a mysterious magical foe of great power.
Risking everything to save Sarah from the elf council’s decision to execute her for treason, the elf Prince Cabal secretly sneaks the adventurers off in search of the menacing storm cloud responsible for the wizard disappearance.  Sarah quickly discovers carelessness from their past has poisoned the land and caused the Trolls to emerge from their lair.  The Trolls bring news unexpected news that shakes the small group to its core as they head into a battle that turns friend against friend.

As Darkness Falls, Book 3
Renegade Trolls have breached the Nether World Barrier releasing monsters from the bowels of the earth.  As a troll war is about to begin Hopper finds, he has a newborn son whose mother has been killed by the renegades.  He rushes the infant to the surface and places it in the hands of the woodland elves until order is restored among the trolls.
As the elves search for forest for any sign of nether beasts the Sorcerer’s Ahmity and Sarah Sims begin preparations to open a school of magic to recreate the Wizard’s Circle after almost all of the wizards in the land had been destroyed.
Jack, the barbarian has taken his pregnant wife Nicole, a woodland elf, deep into the mountains for a long awaited honeymoon before the baby is born.  Little by little they become aware of a dark presence on their mountain. Death is stalking them, slowly and with purpose.  Their strongest ally is a wild nether beast that has come to call them friend.  But can a nether beast be relied upon when evil calls its name?
A Sequence of Darkness, Book 4
Hopper and the others take Pony and rush to stop the Elves from invading the Troll Tunnels and starting a war.  The team heads into the bowels of the earth to rescue Hopper’s newborn son and Gravid’s small elf daughter, kidnapped by Renegade Trolls.
Tom battles his wraith memories and Hopper fights to control his jealousy of Sarah and Cabal's growing relationship.  Will the team survive the dark horrors of the netherworld long enough to find the missing children?  Will their heightened emotions tear the team apart and endanger all their lives?  Traveling the netherworld always comes at a cost.  Who will pay the price?

Necromancer’s Whisper, Book 5
Magic is forbidden in the human realm. So are elves. Our heroes face the greatest challenge of their lives trying to rescue Jack from the hands of a beautiful Necromancer. Finding Jack under the Necromancer’s spell, Sarah and Cabal race to discover the secret to wielding magic in the human realm before Nicole takes matters into her own hands.

Archangel Series
The Light of His Sword, Book 1
Demon Worship Requires Sacrifice. Gabe's job is to stop it.
Archangels vs Demons it doesn't get any better than this.
Alyssa takes her little girl and escapes the clutches of the compound leader Walton. She races off into the night determined to keep her daughter from becoming his next victim.
As Walton pursues her, Alyssa meets a handsome truck driver named Gabe who is the most beautiful man she's even seen. His courage and kindness sends ripples of emotion throughout Alyssa's petite form. Emotions she's never felt before. But will his courage be enough to protect her from the evil that pursues her?
The Power of His Touch, Book 2- coming soon!
Rafi discovers a demon plot to release a pandemic in a large metropolitan city. Disguised as an agent of the World Health Organization as the pandemic spreads, Rafi searches for the source. He meets a young biochemist name Sophia at the center of the pandemic. Rafi is quickly torn between his divine mission and his feelings for Sophia. Dare he balance both with millions of lives at risk?
Author Info
Website www.authoralainastanford.com
Facebook www.facebook.com\alainastanford
Twitter @awritr
Reviews and comments are welcome and appreciated. Feel free to email Alaina at 11alaina11@gmail.com with any questions or comments.
 


