
SINK

 Tom Simpson
Copyright 1997 by Simpson Enterprises
Published by Tom Simpson at Smashwords

THIS BOOK IS DEDICATED
TO LORETTA SIMPSON

For whose unselfish devotion
Made it all very possible 

Other books by Tom Simpson
Tom’sTinyTerrorTales http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/394565
Brain Squeeze  https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/396869


The flower, bright colored petals glistening with early morning dew, was awakening with anticipation of a bright sun filled day. A slight breeze blew through the high branches of majestic pine trees, whistling softly to the forest animals.  The cawing of dozens of jet black crows pierced the morning like hawkers selling their wares at a college football game.  The sun, breaking slowly through the mist, began warming the damp fur on the creatures who would spend the daylight hours foraging for food in the peacefulness of the secluded woods.   Honeybees, hovering like waiting to land helicopters, could sense the flower's sweet nectar that they would soon transport back to their family oriented comb.  A mockingbird, gripping a low hanging oak branch was vibrating with hunger pains waiting for the precise moment to swoop down on one of the very large orange and black insects.  One of the bees, a scout, was just starting to alight on the emerald green highest leaf when the entire plant suddenly disappeared.  The bee, never before having its life work vanish before its compound eyes reversed its direction and began zigzagging around looking for another plant to land on.
The grayish colored bird shrugged its wings and flew to another tree branch to await the next meal opportunity.  The flower, well it was gone forever.


June 14, Saturday 4:00 a.m.
Deep in the ground

The earth was alive.  Deep in the bowels of the earth were the vital signs of a living beast.  The heartbeat was the steady rhythmical rumblings of the shifting limestone.  The blood coursing through its mighty veins was the tiny underground rivers and streams penetrating the solid rock.  The respiratory system was composed of the many warm breezes escaping and entering the numerous openings that it had created on the surface.  Yes, it was alive.  It was hungry.
The tiny vibrations on the surface were scarcely noticeable.  There were no door chimes to sound.  The tiny rumblings of the cans in the kitchen pantry went undetected.  The slight ripples on the lake’s surface were not unlike a fish would make trying to catch its breakfast.  The rustling of the abundant foliage could be from an early morning summer breeze.  At four a.m. there was no one monitoring the many computerized devices around the resort, placed strategically to pick up abnormalities in the complex systems used to control the many functions of a high tech vacation paradise.  The vibrations went undetected but they began to work like many busy appendages doing their job for their master body, the earth itself.
The lobby slowly began to sink, less than a millimeter an hour.  The massive weight of the concrete and wood beam structure pressing hard on the surface of the beast.  The slow sinking would have continued undetected for many days but, a grand opening party was planned and the added weight of all the guests would act as a catalyst, accelerating the process that man had started by building in an unstable land area, honeycombed with natural limestone caves.  The beast was coming alive and it was hungry.


June 14, Live
Forest Glenn, Florida

"We interrupt our regularly scheduled programming here at channel seven WWBD for a special news broadcast."
"This is Wendy Wikowski reporting live from central Florida at the scene of one of the biggest natural disasters to hit the sunshine state.  It is believed that almost one thousand people are trapped in a jumble of twisted wreckage of the once beautiful resort built by multi-billionaire Hiruto Tankinato.  The prestigious grand opening was at noon today and shortly after, a sinkhole or series of sinkholes swallowed all of the elaborate buildings and much of the surrounding country side, including the main road in.  Rescue teams have been arriving since shortly after the sink started but, they are now prevented from further rescue attempts by the intrusion of several armed men who apparently were in the process of removing the valuables from the wealthy guests and the resort safe when they were stopped by Mother Nature.  To try to gain their freedom from justice they have taken several hostages and are demanding a helicopter to fly them to freedom.  Just a short time ago a helicopter tried to land close to this entrance to hell and the vibrations from the whirring machine caused more of the sinkhole to collapse resulting in the beautiful manmade lake to start pouring in the hole."  She paused long enough for the camera to pan the area around the large crack leading to the lake and it focused once again on her face.  "We will return shortly as new developments continue to enfold from central Florida."


January 11, Three years previous, Tuesday 3:00 p.m.
Orlando, Florida

Hiruto Tankinato, with his back facing the elaborate walnut conference table, began again with a little less patience than the three previous attempts.
"I will explain one more time.  Hopefully, my American business partners will realize that just because Japan lost the war, my country did not breed an entire race of imbeciles.  Some of us are really quite smart.  Take me, for example.  Oxford graduate at seventeen.  Owner of an international shipping company at twenty-two.  Now, at the old age of thirty-three, I own a chain of banks, three pro-sports teams, countless malls and numerous real estate holdings in forty-one states and a personal wealth of two point three billion dollars.  You see my friends; I might really know what I'm talking about."
Tankinato turned to face the seven people sitting uneasily around the conference table and continued.
"Therefore gentlemen, let me tell you again why this project will work and why all of us present in this room will benefit from my foresight."
"Putting a lake, in lake saturated Florida, sounds more like hind end sight not foresight to me."  Blurted Tom Evans, president of Magic Moments.  The king of package vacation tours.
"I agree."  Replied Frank Connery "Why don't we just buy an existing lake and build the resort on it.  That would save us millions in construction cost not counting the environmental expenses of messing with nature."
"Okay Frank.  I personally know that your construction company is right now financially strapped and you, you are up to your eyeballs in debt.  I have told you not to worry but, you somehow have a death wish, you and Tom listen carefully and I will explain again why this 
cannot miss and how you men will all be really rich afterwards.  Now just be quiet and listen to an expert for a change."
Hiruto Tankinato pulled his padded red leather chair back out from the table and gently sat down like testing hot bath water.  He carefully poured purified water from a gold plated decanter into an expensive crystal goblet and continued.
"I will again explain the semantics of the situation and this time please listen very carefully because I feel like if I have to say this one more time I will get a new set of investors and believe me, you will be very sorry if you miss out on this one.  I chose each one of you because I believe you each have a very valuable talent I can use.  Just remember this though.  You are all very replaceable so don't give me the opportunity to do that."
"Now that I have your undivided attention, I will tell you the advantages of this plan of mine.  First, and by far the most important, the financial reason for putting a lake where no lakes exist, but in a lake infested area.  As you all know the price of waterfront lots are astronomical.  The land we have put a deposit on is a mixture of worn out cow pastures and over mature orange groves.  The woods mixed in don't add to the value because there is nothing around them.  Therefore we picked up the land dirt-cheap and the profit margin usually associated with a land purchase is a tremendous amount larger than normal.  After we develop the land around the lake with a sufficient number of canals added in, our price for lots for individual homes and the prices for multi acre plots for condominiums will be staggering but very competitive for waterfront land."
Tankinato refilled his goblet, took a healthy sip, and continued.
"Second, the lake, being manmade will be free of the usual trash associated with other 
Florida lakes.  There will be no garbage fish.  No out of control weeds.  A nice sandy bottom.  Solid firm banks.  Everything your sports minded or recreational family wants for a super vacation.  The manmade mountain with a waterfall and tropic lagoon will be a vacation paradise and will also disguise all the plumbing and hardware necessary to maintain a weed free and clear water environment.  A perfect setting for the new millennium type family.  Third and definitely not least is the resort hotel.  The biggest and best of its kind in the country.  Everything high tech and security controlled.  The perfect place for our wealthy friends in business and their families.  The business meeting rooms will be designed with the latest in computer technology and relaxing enough that all the fortune five hundred companies will be jumping over each other to make reservations to stay with us.  We will have complete marina facilities for the boat owner and enough rental units to keep any number of guests perfectly content.  Well that's basically my end.  Let me now hear your input before we put this in gear."
Tim Coonsby, still weary from his last minute flight from New York, stood up and pointed at the artist's rendition hanging on the portable display easel.
"Okay, as you know my company did all the procuring of land for this project.  This is a very profitable undertaking because of the location that we have obtained.  The only problem that I have discovered is the availability of water to supply our manmade lake.  There are no rivers in the immediate area to siphon the water from and we surely are not going to get enough rain to do any good so, what is our option?"
"I can probably answer that better than anyone."Pepin Rantuski rose from his chair and replaced Tim Coonsby in front of the easel.
"My men have been researching this area since Mr. Tankinato brought this project to my attention three months ago.  Florida has an extremely large aquifer area.  For you men who have no idea what I'm talking about, I'll explain.  The aquifer is the area under the ground that contains all the water that has come from springs, underground rivers, soaked in rainfall, etc.  The aquifer maintains a very healthy level year round even though the environmentalists always say we are sucking it dry.  Political talk is all that is.  There is enough water in the ground to last millions of years.  All we are going to do is suck enough out to fill the lake and believe me, nobody will know the difference."
"I have a slight problem with that."  William (Bill) Forham stated.  "My partner Kevin Backlin and I feel, after much sound vibration testing, that the land that you plan to build on is geologically unsound for any extensive building, especially after you suck the water out of the aquifer."
"Listen Bill, and you too Kevin, I really appreciate your concern but we are not going to damage any sensitive land area.  Besides, any water we remove will replenish itself in no time.  The rainfall levels will keep the aquifer nice and full.  We brought your company in here for that very reason, we did not want to damage anything and now we know everything is going to be just peachy keen, right?"  Bolstered Tankinato.
"Didn't you hear what Bill said?"  Kevin exclaimed loudly.  A building won't be safe on that land.  It is too unstable"
"Now, don't get upset.  There is a ten thousand-dollar bonus for each of you for all the work you have done.  Don't worry about anything.  I promise you.  Nothing at all will happen."


January 11, Three years previous, Tuesday 5:14 p.m.
Orlando, Florida

Kevin Backlin raised the plastic cup to his lips and downed the last of the scotch.  He shrugged off the bitter taste and stared back at his friend and business partner Bill Forham.
They had been friends since growing up together in Spring, Texas, a suburb of Houston.  Their business relationship was based not only on very deep trust but the respect of each other's brilliant mind.  Graduating from Spring High School together they both decided to go to Texas A&M and that decision probably was the most important of their lives.  They both met their future wives at the college and the degrees they had received in civil engineering kept them closely associated in the business world.  Bill Forham had gone to work for a construction company building resort hotels in various parts of the world.  Kevin Backlin on the other hand had gone immediately to work for the Federal government in the branch that oversaw the construction of damns and water resource lakes throughout the states.  
Their families kept in touch and always spent the Christmas holidays together.  Both men, being environmentally conscious since their teens, always discussed the impact nature had on their various jobs whenever they spent time together.  Discussion after discussion, many times with their wives and even sometimes their children, finally led to the creation of a partnership in a company that monitored the impact of what man was doing to destroy nature whenever construction was done on environmentally sensitive lands.  Funding from many private and public organizations had strengthened their company and their reputation as watchdogs for the environment had blossomed nationwide.
"Listen Bill, that bastard can't buy us off with a twenty thousand-dollar bribe."  Kevin hissed.  "He's fixing to kill some innocent people if he builds what he wants to.  That ground is not stable enough for putting up a picnic table much less a resort.  We have to shut him down before he stops."
"I feel exactly the way you do Kevin, but it's out of our hands.  He plans to build on useless old cattle land and sterile orange groves.  Nobody cares about that part of the state and besides he is actually helping the land by adding a very, I may add, large lake.  The governor is a personal friend of his and has already said he will endorse Mr. Tankinato's project as a boon to tourism.  We were hired to monitor the impact on the environment.  Just because we don't personally think its safe we still have to give him a green light because he isn't harming anything.  Believe me, I wish we could stop the project."
"Well, I'm glad you agree with me on this.  It's just a damn shame that just because you are rich and have friends in the right places you can get away with murder."
"Look at it this way, Kevin."  Bill replied soothingly.  "Nobody has died yet and hopefully nothing will happen down the road."
"I hope you're right Bill.  All I know is I'm going to be there  when this place opens and hopefully just walk around with a smile on my face and say nice job Hiruto, nice job." 


April 15, Tuesday 3:23 p.m.
Twenty feet underground

The hissing sound was not unlike what an angry alley cat would make if trapped in a corner of a dead-end alley by an inquisitive mongrel mutt.  The weakened seam of the four-inch diameter PVC pipe was from an incident that had happened six months before.  A nineteen-year old apprentice plumber had wiped the primer carefully around the male and female parts of the ready to assemble pipe.  Claustrophobia had sunk in very deeply by the time the PVC cement was to be applied.  John Pemple, the apprentice would actually shiver whenever he couldn't see the sky over his head and the tunnel he was in completely blocked his vision of the blue of the sky. He never knew the cause of his phobia but, many nights he had awoken, his shivering body twisted among sweat-stained sheets, the vivid nightmare of being buried alive in a satin lined casket, his fingers in the dream, bloody stumps, from trying to claw his way to freedom. The sweat on his forehead was clammy feeling in the seventy-degree temperature in the bottom of the tunnel and his slippery hands nervously dropped the cement container he had been gripping too tightly.  In his haste to exit the tunnel he righted the spilled can and grabbed a rag to soak up the mess before his boss saw the waste he had caused.  He blotted what he could in the wet dirt, stuffed the gritty rag in the back pocket of his navy blue work pants and picked up the two sections of pipe and twisted them together.  His courage definitely on the back swing John Pemple grabbed his hacksaw and three quarter empty can of cement and rushed down the fifty-foot length of the tunnel to the upright shaft that led to the surface.  He climbed the extension ladder as fast as his body would allow him and the pumping motion of his legs missed every other step painfully banging his shins on every missed stroke.  Gasping large amounts of air when he was finally on the surface, he had by then completely forgotten the uncemented joint.  The tunnel, built by an innovative earth moving machine called "The Mole", had been dug for the purpose of laying the pipeline for the equalization system of the lake.  "The Mole," had been developed by one of Tankinato's many subsidiaries and had been in operation less than a year.  It was a unique machine, cone shaped, all stainless steel body with tank type tracks down both sides.  The machine had a large screw type auger on the front that could burrow into almost any surface and funnel the debris through cylindrical channels above the tracks and deposit it out the rear. The diamond tipped auger, virtually indestructible, was driven by a six-inch wide chain attached to a gear driven by the machine's six hundred and fifty-horse diesel engine.  Tankinato planned to market "The Mole" worldwide after the trial run at the resort. The pipes, ten pairs in all, would move enough water in or out of the lake to compensate for any weather condition, from drought to summer monsoons.
Once reaching the bowels of the mountain the pipes were attached to nuclear powered pumps that would divert the water either to or from the existing aquifer depending on the computerized signals from the many sensors placed around the lake.
The hissing noise grew louder as the water pressure separated the connection even further apart.  A two-inch diameter stream of water jetted through the firmly packed earth surrounding the many pairs of pipes and it began eroding into the never before disturbed dirt outside the circumference of the original tunnel.  The depth sensors around the lake monitored the slow sinking of the water level and signaled the pumps to pull more water out of the aquifer.
The stream of water dissolved the dirt until it reached a three-inch thick layer of limestone.  A drilling effect began almost immediately because of the softness of the rock.  The water persistently punched at the crumbly rock until finally the stream broke through and plunged forty feet in a wide arc till it hit the bottom of a large cavern.  The water joined the swift moving underground river and blended unnoticeably into the current.
The large cavern, hollowed out through many millions of years of water erosion when the water level was much higher was seventy feet wide by sixty feet long.  It had a series of old river passages that had dried up thousands of years ago forming a Swiss cheese effect in its limestone walls.
The PVC pipe, succumbing to the constant water pressure, separated and hundreds of gallons of water began dissolving the dirt behind the three-inch thick cavern wall.  The exit hole began slowly growing larger and larger allowing more and more of the dissolved dirt to flow into the underground river.  This process continued undetected because of the brilliant design of the many sensors keeping the lake at a very manageable level.


May 7, Saturday 11:14 p.m.
Shady's Bar and Grill, Topeka, Kansas

Sam (Stretch) Sidel was in a foul mood.  Stretch was always in a foul mood.  He had spent most of his adult life in one penal institute or another and he felt the world owed him big time.  This latest temper flare he blamed on his goody goody brother Steve.  Big shot at that computer company he worked for.  Making megabucks.  All he asked him for was a few lousy hundred to tie him over till his next break came along-the next rich widow he could sponge off.  Sure most of them were ugly but, what the heck.  They had the money and all he had to do was sweet talk them and tell them they were the most wonderful thing in the entire world.  They were starving for attention and they almost shoveled the cash at him just for being nice to them.  Once he drained them of their funds he would find another pigeon and move right in.  Unfortunately, he usually couldn't stomach them after only a short while and he would steal everything he could and take off like a bird in their car.  That was always the problem.  The cops would always seem to know it was a stolen car when he drove past and he would always wind up doing time again.
This is going to be different this time he assured himself.  He had the ultimate plan.  No more petty thefts.  He was going for the big time.  He would call his ex prison pal Frankie Medford first thing in the morning and lay it all out for him.  When Frankie was released two weeks before Stretch, he had given him his phone number for his aunt's house in Ohio.  Frankie had said if he wasn't there she would know how to reach him and they would plan a heist when they were both out of prison.  Now was the time and Stretch had what he thought was the foolproof plan.
The idea had come to Stretch when he had visited his uppity brother at Datafuture.  He was left alone in his brother's elaborate office for a good half hour while Steve had attended to some dumb problem that had come up.  His brother had just finished telling Stretch about the new resort and all the security arrangements his company was providing and how everybody that was anybody was going to attend the grand opening.  Steve had acted like it was a big pain that he had to go and make sure all the rich people were protected from lowlifes like Stretch's pals.  Stretch didn't really argue about that fact because he knew all his friends were losers but that didn't give Steve the right not to give his own flesh and blood money when he needed it.  Steve had used the old excuse that if he didn't get a job and earn his own money then it wouldn't mean anything and he would just blow it on drugs and booze.  His brother might be correct in what he was saying but Stretch still didn't think Steve would shun his own little brother.
When Steve's phone rang he had asked the caller if the problem could wait but apparently it couldn't so his brother promised he would be right back.  Looking around the office, actually snooping, which was definitely in Stretch's character, he discovered a gold mine in the third file drawer he looked in.  There were four copies of the security setup along with complete blueprints of the entire resort.  Stretch figured no one would miss one copy of the plans and blueprints so he had stuffed them under the cheap sports coat the prison had supplied and wasn't too upset when his brother had handed him only sixty bucks and wished him good luck finding a real job.


May 8, Sunday 9:31 a.m.
Shady’s Bar and Grill, Topeka, Kansas

Sam(Stretch)Sidel drummed his fingers impatiently against the steamy glass on the inside of the front window of the bar.  The rain had abated for fifteen minutes then clamored down twice as hard as before the lull.  The pay phone was attached to the front wall next to the window and the pelting from the rain made the previous conversation with Frankie almost impossible.  Frankie had promised to call him right back but the phone remained silent.  Just as he was about to say "fuck it" and go back to his rented ramshackle room the phone rang.
"Where the hell have you been?"  He shouted into the phone.  "I've been waiting over an hour for you to call me back."
"Calm down son."  Came an elderly voice on the other end of the wire.  This is Frankie's aunt calling back.  He wanted me to call you and tell you he will call you back at two thirty sharp.  He said he had something to do that was very important but, he would make sure he called you at two thirty."
"Okay dammit.  But tell him I'm not a happy camper.  I've been waiting in this stupid bar listening to the stupid pouring rain while stupid Frankie was doing something stupid.  Just tell him I'll be at the phone at two thirty and he'd better call me then."
"I'm sure he will dear.  I'll make sure he calls you.  Bye now."
Stretch slammed down the phone and peered through the misty glass at the clock hanging over the jewelry store across the street.  Five hours to go he thought.  What the hell am I going to do for five hours?  He decided to go back to bar and down a few drafts to kill some time.  He had been Shady’s Bar and Grill since 8:00 am  on Sunday morning.  They opened early since they were low class enough that they did not want to miss out on any paying customers no matter what day of the week it was.
At precisely two thirty Stretch walked back over to the pay phone and breathed a sigh of relief because the rain had quit about one hour before and he might be able to actually hear a conversation.  He was thinking that Frankie wouldn't call but he was in a lot mellower mood since he had consumed eighteen Budweiser drafts while waiting for two thirty to roll around.  The phone rang at exactly two thirty three and he reached out a shaky hand, picked up the black receiver, and placed it carefully against the side of his head.
"Hello.  Is that you Frankie?"
"Yea, it's me Stretch.  How ya hangin.  I heard from my aunt that it was raining cats and dogs out there.  You stayin dry?"
"I'm okay Frankie.  What was so important that you couldn't call you're ol' pal Stretch back?"
"Oh, you know that dumb ass albino, Carrie, who got released the same time as I did.  He was messin with some teenage pimple faced fat broad last night.  Giving her beers and smokin a little dope over at the park.  Just when he thought he was gonna slam bam her, she pulls the miss prissy act and he slapped her up the side of the face.  Well this little female Pillsbury Dough Boy goes runnin and yells at the first cop she sees that, she has been sexually molested.  Well, the cops came runnin up and Carrie like the dumb ass he is, is still standing where she left him behind some bushes.  His pants are hanging around his ankles.  He's got a beer in one hand and his thing in the other and a big smile on his face still thinking the fat broad is coming back.  Well, they let him pull his pants back up and then they cuffed him and hauled him away.  He called me up first thing this morning, ballin his eyes out and I guess I felt kind of sorry for him cause we've been hangin around for quite a long time and all he was doing was trying to get laid.   So I guess I have a soft spot after all.  I was out this morning rounding up some bail money to get the poor guy out of jail.  Anyway, what's so important that you got your underwear all knotted.  Did you find us a good job or what?"
"Yeah Frankie.  The best yet.  How does about two mill sound to you?"
"What do we have to do?  Break into Fort Knox."
"No Frankie.  This is a piece of cake.  You know my little brother Steve.  I told you about him the last time we were in the pen together.  How he works for that big wheel computer company and all.  Well, he has designed a security system for this new resort in Florida that is opening in June.  I've got the floor plans and the complete set of all the security systems."
"No shit!  I heard all about that resort on the news.  They're planning a big grand opening and all the rich people are going to attend.  They were naming off names on the TV that would be fitting for a coronation of a queen.  I know there will be big bucks there.  Everybody wears their real ice to a place like that so they can try to impress each other."
"See what I mean Frankie.  At least two million will be there just for the plucking.  I'm taking the next bus to Ohio so I can discuss all the details with you and show you these plans.  I'll be there sometime tomorrow."
"All right Stretch.  Congratulations for the great work and I'll see you when you get here."


May 9, Monday 3:14 p.m.
Cincinnati, Ohio

Stretch Sidel climbed off the Greyhound bus with a battered suitcase in hand and headed for the row of pay phones  along the inside wall of the bus terminal.  He reached in the pocket of his prison issued suit trousers and pulled out the crumpled piece of paper that he had written Frankie's aunt's number on.  He pulled his last quarter out of the other pocket and fed it into the coin slot.  He reached a shaky hand out, he had just finished the fourth pint of rot-gut cheap whiskey, that he bought before leaving Topeka, on the bus before it pulled into the terminal, and dialed Frankie's aunt's number.  The phone was picked up on the second ring and the aunt answered in her sweet elderly voice.
"Hello.  Janice Halpern here."
"Yeah Janice.  This is Sam Sidel from Topeka.  Is Frankie there?"
"Oh hi Stretch.  It is Stretch isn't it?  That's what Frankie calls you."
"Yeah it's Stretch.  Is he around?"
"Yes he is Stretch.  He just finished a nice hot lunch of leftover pot roast that I made him and he is still sitting at the table smoking a cigarette.  Let me get him on the phone for you."
"Stretch you made it.  Where're you at?"
"I'm downtown at the bus terminal.  Why don't you shag your ass over here and pick me up and we can go somewhere and talk.  I've got a lot to tell you."
"Okay Stretch.  I'll borrow auntie's car and come pick you up and we can go over to Freeman's pool hall.  They have a few quiet tables in the back and we can sit back there with a few pitchers of beer and discuss what we are going to do.  I'll pick up Carrie on the way at his rooming house so we don't have to explain everything twice.  I'll be right there."
"I'm not going anywhere Frankie.  I'll be out front when you pull up and by the way bring some money.  This trip cost me the rest of my money.  I don't even have enough to buy a beer."
"No problem Stretch.  That little bitch dropped the charges this morning on Carrie and they refunded the bail money.  I won't worry about paying it back for a while so I've got some up front money for us to work with.  See you shortly."
Frankie pulled up to the curb in front of the bus station in an old Fairlane station wagon and beeped sharply on the horn.  Stretch who had been staring out the front window pushed open the glass door of the terminal and walked slowly over to the car, opened the rear door and threw his suitcase behind the rear seat and climbed in on the clear vinyl seat cover.
"Well I made it Frankie.  What a drag riding that stupid bus.  I never want to do that again.  How ya doin Carrie?  Long time no see."
"Hey, I'm doing okay except that incident in the park.  I guess Frankie told you about that."
"Yeah, what a bummer.  But shit happens you know.  Hey Frankie.  How far is this place?  I'm dying of thirst."
"Right down the road a stretch.  Five minutes tops."
They pulled into the back parking lot of a faded brick building and went in the back door.  A haze of smoke hung close to the ceiling over the short bar that had every stool filled.  Frankie nodded to the bartender and told Carrie to pick up two pitchers and three mugs, flipped a twenty at him and led Stretch into a side room.  The air was much clearer in the vacant room and they sat at one of the four tables in the small enclosure.  Carrie came in the door awkwardly carrying the two pitchers and he had three mugs balanced on his arms next to his chest.  He asked Frankie to grab the mugs first and then he set the pitchers down, beer sloshing over the tops of both of them.
"Can't you do anything right you moron?"  Frankie admonished him with a look a punished puppy might give after making a puddle on the middle of the kitchen floor, Carrie sat obediently down and tried to catch up on the conversation.
"So you see."  Stretch was explaining.  "We can disable the alarm system from inside the mountain so that none of the push buttons will work and we can take out the posted guards one by one with a quick injection that will just knock them out for a few hours.  That is the outside guards I'm talking about.  That way we don't draw attention to ourselves before we get inside."
"Well, I have a few really important questions.  Like where are we going to get the stuff to inject the guards with and how will we get close enough to do that?"
"Okay.  You remember my cousin Terry don't you?  We used her for a lookout on the Timberland job three years ago."
"Yeah, real cute broad.  Pixie looking blonde."
"Well, I've already talked to her and she's hard up for dough again.  I explained to her that I wanted her to go up to the guards one at a time and ask directions on how to get to somewhere in the resort.  I told her I wanted her to wear something that showed lots of cleavage and really tight stretch pants.  When she gets the guards total attention, staring at her like you know they will, one of us will sneak up behind them and give them a quick jolt.  This stuff I'm picking up from my pal, long neck Luther, will work in about five seconds.  Not even long enough for them to let out a little yelp by the time they figure it wasn't a bee that stung them.  It'll be smooth as glass.  When we have the guards handled and the alarms off we can waltz right in the back door and do our business.  There won't be any guards at the inside of the back entrances because they think they are covered by the outside.  There are no security cameras at the outside back entrances either.  Just on the inside and by the time we are inside we'll be all dressed up and just look like  regular guests anyway.  I know where the switch is to disable the camera over the front desk and they won't be concerned if only one camera is out.  Neat plan huh."
"Well, Stretch.  It looks like you covered all the bases.  If I think of anything else, we will still have time to hatch it out when we meet in Florida.  Sounds like a real winner to me."


June 11, Wednesday 11:50 p.m.
Cincinnati, Ohio

The single tear oozed painfully over the purple tinted swollen lower eyelid of Connie Littlefield’s left cheek and landed soundlessly on the cold metal floor of the stolen van.  Her unkempt long black hair, revealing her Indian heritage, was entwined in trembling fingers as she sobbed quietly.  The gentle swaying motion of the vehicle reminded her of almost forgotten memories of a full bloodied Sioux mother, who would gently rock her to sleep while softly chanting ancient tribal songs the white men were never blessed to hear.  The happy parts of her childhood were soon over washed with torrid waves of hate, as the bitter flashes of abuse from her white-man father surrounded her like multicolored spotlights on an aspiring actress.  The deep throbbing in her bruised arms highlighted the infectious needle marks decorating both appendages and she wished she was somewhere very far away.  Frank Medford, still going by his adolescent nickname, Frankie, leaned over the short back of the driver’s seat and yelled much louder than was necessary in the confined space “Quit your whimpering bitch or I’ll let ol’ Carrie boy have a shot at you.  You’d really like this freaky albino straddling your legs, wouldn’t you?  If you two had a kid with your dark and his pasty white skin it would come out looking like a damn shadow.  Hell, I bet I could sell it to a sideshow and make a million bucks.”
Carrie Petringelo, with the thought of climbing on the Indian, started squirming in the passenger seat and picking at the soiled crotch of his baggy denims.
“Oh come on Frankie, let me do her up right.  I’ve wanted a piece of that since we picked her up last week.”
“Shut up you moron.  You know I don’t share anything, especially my women.  Now get out that map and find the closest way to the interstate.  We have to be at the resort by Saturday morning if we’re going to pull this off, right?  I’m not going to miss out on my share of two million dollars just so you can get your rocks off.”
Carrie, the disappointment from his failed sexual tryst evident in his voice, told Frankie to make the next right and drive straight until it ran into 264.  Then take another right onto the highway and it would run into Sixth Street which would then run into Interstate 75.
“Just remember, numb nuts, we have to make at least one, possibly two more heists before we have enough up-front money to pull this off.”  Frankie hissed.
“Don’t worry boss.  We’ve got plenty of time to get to central Florida.  It’ll only take us twenty hours to get there, even if we do the speed limit.  We’ve got plenty of time.”
Connie Littlefield, sobbing even more quietly than before, began wondering what these two maniacs were going to do to her after this so called heist was over.  She, over the last few years of what she wouldn’t even call a life, had run into a few crazies like Frank Medford.  They seemed really nice at first.  Buying a few drinks for the lovely lady, this lovely lady being down her last twenty six cents, giving her money for the juke box, in reality a cd player, and really coming off as a guy that was just looking for a little fun while he was passing through town.
The first hint of trouble and that weird albino, Carrie had arrived at the same time.  The first glimpse of the real Frankie had momentarily surfaced when Carrie entered the bar and came over to the table where they sat and whispered something in Frankie’s ear.  It was almost as if a dark wave had passed over Frankie’s face but, it was gone as soon as it had started.
She had shaken her head, trying to clear some of the fogginess from too many bourbon and sevens and finally dismissed it as her imagination.  Nobody could change their personality that fast, she decided and had then preceded to drain the last drink the very nice Frankie baby had bought her.  The mean streak in him had not come back until later that night when, after telling her she should go to Florida with him and his friend Carrie on a little mini vacation combined with a little business deal they had to transact while they were down there.  She could lay out by the pool while they conducted their business at the new resort they were going to.  It would be a real party time he had promised and he might buy her a new outfit or two if the deal went over as planned.  She had decided, what the hell.  She was real tired of this stupid town anyway and she owed too many people, too much money.
Frank Medford had rented a shabby motel room with sagging stained mattresses on twin beds, one for her and Frankie, and one for his geeky pal, Whitey or Carrie or whatever.  She had been so blitzed by then, she didn’t really care if the freak watched her and Frankie making it on the bed next to him.  She had been there, done that, so that type of thing would not have mattered.  It was when Frankie started acting really weird that she had begun to worry.  She had quickly sobered up when, he had taken off his belt and instead of laying it on the dresser or even throwing it on the floor next to the bed, he snapped it like a bull whip and told her to get out of her clothes and get on all fours on the floor and crawl around like a dog.
She had just started pleading with him to climb onto the bed and make it really nice for her when, he let loose with the first of many stinging cracks of the tip of the belt on her naked skin.  Carrie had crackled with laughter and had started yelling. June 14 Sat“Head em up rawhide.”
She didn’t think it could have gotten any worse when, all of a sudden he had tired of the belt and began slapping her with his open palm.  The pain engulfed her like waves and she began to lose consciousness when, he started with his closed fists.
The next afternoon, around four o’clock as close as she could figure out, she had awakened, hurting in places she didn’t even have places.  The only thing she was thankful for, was that she was alone in the seedy room and she prayed aloud that, they would not come back.  Just when she had decided that, there might really be a God after all, the door had burst open and her new, so-called friends came barging in.
“Come on.  Get up sweetheart.”  Frankie had whispered bending down to her left ear.  “It’s time to get on the road.  We’re on our way to the sunshine state.”
He had acted like nothing had happened the night before, and that is what scared her the most.  How could anyone be so changeable?  Be as nice as could be one minute and beat the living crap out of her for no reason, the next minute.  This was one strange dude, she had thought, and she had figured he probably could kill her and not bat an eye.  Whatever they were planning to do in Florida sounded very much against the law and the last thing they would need was a witness that could testify against them if they got caught.  She had to plan some way of getting the hell away from them as soon as she could figure out exactly what to do without getting her brains smashed out


June 12, Thursday 3:42 p.m.
Fulton County, Georgia

"Oh look.  There's Six Flags.  Let's stop for a while.  I love all those sideshows and the gambling booths.  Come on Frankie.  Just for a little while."  Carrie whined as he craned his neck looking past Frank Medford out the driver's window.
The stolen van cruised past the exit off the interstate leading to the famous amusement park.  They had been heading west on Interstate 20 out of Atlanta looking for a small town where they could replenish their almost empty pockets with a quick burglary of a small convenience store.
"Shut up, you freak.  You belong in a sideshow.  You know we don't have time for that kind of foolishness.  We've got to pick up some quick cash if we're going to have enough gas money to get to Florida and besides, I want to buy some real food in a restaurant somewhere.  I'm tired of all this fast food crap.  I want a big steak to build up my energy level before I take on the resort.  Now just keep your eyes peeled for a little store as soon as I get off the highway.  Remember, it needs to be an independent, not a chain store.  The security is almost nil in that little mom and pop type stores and they don't have a cash drop like the other stores."
Frank Medford turned right at the next exit and headed north then east scouting out an easy target.  "Dave and Lonnie's Liquor Lounge" caught Frank's eye as he slowly cruised past a shabby yellow and red brick building standing by itself on a barren red patch of Georgia clay.  He circled around the block and parked about two hundred yards away from the building in front of a deserted playground. 
"Ok Carrie.  You get behind the wheel and get ready to take off quickly when I come back.  If the Indian princess makes a sound, you have my permission to smack her up the side of the head."
Frankie opened the driver's door and climbed out.  He reached under the seat and removed a thirty-eight-caliber snub nose pistol that he then placed in his waistband under his shirt.
"Just remember Carrie.  Honk the horn if you see anybody driving by that looks like they are going to pull into the store.  I won't be but a minute and then we can blow this stupid town.  Just remember.  Keep your eyes open."
Frank Medford walked casually down the side of the road, glancing, he hoped, not suspiciously in all directions.  He pushed open the wooden entrance door and heard the sound of a buzzer from deep within the building.  He looked to the right as he entered the package store and saw a passageway leading into a darkened room.  The sound of a drawly country song drifted from the hallway and a fiftyish year old man emerged from the gloom heading his way.
"Afternoon son.  Hot one out there isn't it.  You want a cold beer from the bar to cool you off."
"Naw."  Frankie replied.  "I just want to get a bottle of rum to go."
"We have about five different kinds." the liquor store operator said.  "What we'll be your pleasure?"
Frank pointed to a bottle of Ron Rico dark and when the gray haired man had his back turned to reach for the bottle, Frank pulled out the gun from under his shirt.
"Just leave the bottle, pops.  All I want is the money out of the register.  Now hand it over quick."
The man reaching for the cash drawer moved his right foot toward the alarm button built into the bottom edge of the cabinet below the cash register.  Frankie, seeing the quick movement 
 of the man's leg yelled before he could make contact with the button.
"You idiot."  Shot out of Frank Medford's mouth at the same time a thirty-eight slug shot out of the pistol.  "Look what you made me do."
The words were lost in the air as Frank watched a very nicely centered hole appear in the man's forehead.  Frank reached over and grabbed the cash out of the partially opened drawer and was heading toward the door before the dead man fully slumped to the floor.  Frank pushed opened the door and was almost through it when he heard a shout coming from the bar room.
"What's going on Dave?"  Came a female voice just as the door was closing on Frank's departing figure.  "Oh my God, you've been shot."
The van, with Carrie behind the wheel, came roaring up to Frank as he ran down the road away from the liquor store.  He ran to the passenger side, wrenched the door open, and jumped inside before the van had come to a complete stop.
"Haul butt, white boy.  I just shot some fool that tried to set off an alarm The old dame that came out of the bar didn't get a good look at me so we need to make tracks and then we'll be safe.  I hope."
"Did you kill him Frankie?  I never saw a dead guy before.  Was it neat?  I wish I could have watched."
"Look just drive back to the interstate.  We need to get to Florida as soon as we can.  I don't want to be in Georgia any more."
Sam(Stretch)Sidel had been working on the details of the resort job in Florida for over a month and he felt that all the fine details were falling nicely into place.  He had called Frank Medford at least a dozen times to ask about how they should do this and how they should do that.  Frank had one of the most brilliant criminal minds that Stretch had ever met and Frank could answer just about any question about what would happen if any particular thing would go wrong and what they could do to counter the situation.  Frank liked the way they were going to disable the guards and he even suggested a back up plan if that didn't work.
Stretch had worried how he was going to get to Florida, how Terry was going to get to Florida, how they were going to get the chemical from Long Neck Luther to inject into the guards and how Stretch was going to have enough money to get to Florida and survive the whole month waiting till the resort opened.  Frank had the answers to all these problems and then some.  Frank had told Stretch to grab a pen and some paper and to start writing.  Frank was going to solve all of Stretch's worries and make the day sunshine bright.
"First off," Frank told Stretch, "You and Terry are going to Florida in style.  You will be driving a one year old Cadillac with all the trimmings," he had continued.  It seems Frank had been busy on his aunt's computer searching the newspaper classified ads for all the surrounding areas.  He told Stretch he had looked in the personal ads for people who were planning to go to Florida for an extended visit and didn't want to drive down but, wanted their vehicle delivered.  He had made a lot of calls till he found the perfect one.  An elderly couple in Dayton were going to Orlando in the first part of July and wanted someone special to take their car down there and treat it with tender loving care.  Frank had told them that he was a wealthy industrialist and his son was picking up a new Ferrari at about the same time in Tampa but, he was afraid to fly.  Frank had even suggested that his son Sammy would deliver the car for free but, the couple were so pleased with the idea that they were putting in five hundred dollars for expenses and that they wouldn't take no for an answer.  "That," Frank had told Stretch, "takes care of how you and Terry will get to Florida.  You also can stop by your buddy Long Neck Luther in Kentucky on your way down and pick up what you need to handle the guards at the resort.  The only thing left is a little matter of having enough money to live on till you leave.  I know you have already spent the five hundred I gave you before you left Ohio.  I have a perfect plan for you to make some quick easy cash so listen carefully." 
"I know you won't like this idea, but it will work if you follow my plan exactly.  In the past you always targeted old ladies and soaked them for as much money as you could get, but you always were impatient and stole what you could including their car and always got caught.  This time, they will happily hand you the money and think you did them a big favor so there is no way they will call the cops on you.  Thanks to my aunt's computer and laser printer I have printed out some items that will guarantee you a windfall of cash with no questions asked.  First of all, I printed you a letter of credit drawn on The First State Bank showing a credit line of four and one half million dollars.  It really looks authentic because I used my aunt's notary stamp she uses in her part time realty business.  I even got the name of the president and vice president of the bank and forged their signatures on expensive document letterhead.  I printed you up a stack of business cards, with your name gold embossed which list you as senior vice president of a fake investment firm.  You are going to go to one of those ballroom dance studios where all the rich old ladies hang out and find one that is dripping with expensive jewelry and get her off to the side and tell her she is the best dancer you have ever seen.  You are then going to tell her privately that you are representing a company that is interested in opening a new dance studio and you need a spokesperson who is a wonderful dancer to be a charter member to represent how beneficial this new dance studio will be to new members.  You will tell her that she will be driven around in a stretch limousine to all the charity events and other places where potential clients will be and she will be represented as Ms. Ballroom Dancer of the Year because of her unique talent.  Once you got her thoroughly convinced she is the best dancer you have ever seen, you spring on her the fact that you need five thousand dollars for her charter membership fee.  She will probably balk at this so you whip out a preprinted form that I have already made stating that her membership fee is fully refundable after she makes only six appearances representing the company.  You will tell her that the company requires the money as good faith money so they don't spend all the promotional money on someone who would fail to show up at the various events.  You will reassure her that you know for a fact that she would never fail to show up, but the company you are representing has certain rules and you have to abide by them.  I am sending you another two hundred dollars so that you can go to the Salvation Army and buy the most expensive suit you can find and shoes that will make you look like a wealthy business man.  I want you to also arrive in a rented limo and take the balance of the money and turn it into one dollar bills with a twenty on each side of the stack so it looks like a wad of money.  After you arrive in a limo and flash the money around, you will be a shoe in.  If it doesn't work on the first lady you approach, go to a different dance studio and try someone else. I guarantee you will find one in no time with a big enough ego that it can't miss.  I will be sending you the money this afternoon via Western Union so you can get started right away.  Good luck even though I know you won't need it.


June 11, Wednesday 4:42 p.m.
Indianapolis, Indiana

Terry DeAngelo pushed the grocery cart slowly down the wide aisle of the super market scanning the many varieties of potato chips and other non-perishable snacks.  She randomly picked items of the shelves that caught her attention and tossed them into the buggy.  She wasn't particularly hungry, she just wanted to stock up on road trip goodies so the long ride to Florida wasn't totally boring.  She hated going on trips.  Especially trips that took over two hours.  The only reason she could deal with this one was the money.  It was always the money.  She stayed broke most of her adult life and she hated it.  Terry probably could have gotten a real job and maybe even put a little nest egg away, but that wasn't her.  She sponged off everyone.  Her parents, her friends, her many boyfriends, anyone who had a sympathetic ear.  She had a million excuses for not working.  Her back was misaligned and hurt all the time.  She was born with a defective digestive system and she had stomach cramps constantly.  Migraine headaches were one of her most popular ailments.  She could invent a new disease to a perfect stranger in about two seconds flat and sound completely believable.  Terry was not destined to work.
Terry was pretty ecstatic when her cousin Stretch had called and offered her five thousand dollars for less than one hours work.  The downside came when he told her they had to go to Florida to pull off the job.  The money was great and what the hell, she had never been to Florida.  She settled it in her mind that even with the long trip it would really be worth it.  Stretch told her he would be picking her up in a really nice car and they would be stopping in Kentucky to see a friend of his and then head straight to Florida.  It would probably do her good to get out of Indiana for awhile.  She was really sick of Indianapolis.  Stretch was due to pick her up the next morning and she wanted to get home from her shopping and take a nice hot bath and get to bed early so she was fresh as a daisy when he arrived at her door.  Terry at thirty four had a well shaped body and a very cute face.  She had thought of being a model in her early years but, it required getting up early and working long hours and she liked to sleep till noon and hang out by the pool at the apartment complex she had lived at when she was in her early twenties.  She always had a constant flow of boyfriends and sugar daddies that kept her supplied with alcohol and drugs and always managed to supply her with rent and grocery money.  Her life of leisure suited her just fine and she didn't feel the need to have to go to work.  Sure she had to sleep with a lot of men, young and middle-aged and sometimes older but, it kept her from the drudgeries of punching a time card.  She stayed out late at night, hitting all the popular clubs, to keep her supply of men constant, so she felt the need to sleep in everyday.  Now in her mid thirties her life style was getting old and she felt the need to do something different.  This offer from Stretch came at just the right time.  She could start a new life with the money and maybe actually get a real God forbid job.  Things were going to be different after her trip to Florida and what the hell she might even stay in the sunshine state.


June 12, Thursday 9:31 a.m.
Indianapolis, Indiana

The honking of the horn woke Terry from a very deep sleep.  She sat up and tried to remember where she was.  Suddenly, she shook her head violently in realization and everything came into focus.  Stretch, must be outside, she murmured to herself.  "Shit, she shouted.  "I overslept again."  She jumped nude off the bed (her usual sleeping garment) and ran quickly over to the front window and threw it open with a mighty shove.  
"Hey Stretch!" she yelled out into the street.  "I'm sorry.  I must have overslept.  You want to come in and have some coffee while I get ready?"
Stretch, usually a very impatient person, would normally have been very pissed but, after seeing Terry's great body from the waist up framed angelically in the window he was very mellow.  
"Sure Terry. I'll be right in."  I know she's my cousin Stretch thought to himself but she sure has a great bod!  Stretch moved the electric seat of the Cadillac back, opened the door, and got out. Nice ride, he thought, I'll buy me one of these when we finish the resort job.  I think I will get a bright color, like red or maybe even yellow.  I want people to really notice me when I drive up.
Stretch walked into the little house that Terry had rented three months ago and walked through the living room and met his cousin in the hall way as she hurried out of the kitchen.  
"I put the water on to boil and laid out cups and sugar and creamer with a jar of instant coffee.  Sorry I didn't have time to brew some real coffee."  Terry stated as she rushed past Stretch on her way to the tiny bathroom.  "I took a couple of Valiums last night cause I was real nervous about this job and I guess they zonked me out."
"Don't worry about a thing Terry, we have plenty of time."  Stretch managed to squeeze out with a shortness of breath as he watched his cousin squeeze past him wearing nothing more than a very pleasant smile.  "We have all the time in the world."
Stretch tapped the fingers of his left hand to the beat of the song on the car's CD player on the leather-covered steering wheel as he drove down the interstate.  His mind kept recalling visions of his cousin's lovely body.  He was really pleased with himself that he had stayed in total control, especially when he could hear her singing to herself in the shower with the door wide open.  The steam had rolled out the doorway along with the pleasant scent of her shampoo.  He could feel the hardness in his loins but he resisted the temptation of making a fool of himself.  He knew his cousin was a big showoff and if he had tried anything, she would shut him down quickly.  He was thankful that he had spent most of the money Frank had sent him and a lot of the money he had gotten from the dancing queen on prostitutes.  He had been very horny after all the time in prison but he had managed to satisfy most of his cravings on bought for stuff.  Still, his cousin sure looked good with or without clothes.
Stretch pulled off the interstate into the first rest area after they crossed the state line into Kentucky.  He reached behind him and pulled the road atlas off the back seat.  	"I'm going to see exactly where we're going Terry, I haven't been to Long Neck Luther's place in a couple of years so I have to refresh my memory.  You can stretch your legs for awhile if you like."
"Thanks, but when I come back I want you to tell me how you pulled that great con on that old lady that thought she could dance."
Stretch laid the atlas back on the seat after studying the route he was going to take and got out for a few minutes to smoke a cigarette.  He was just grinding the butt into the ground with his heel when Terry walked up.
"Ok sport, tell me how you won over the blue-haired old lady."
They both set down on the front seat and Stretch began explaining how easy it was to take advantage of lonely people.
"The whole idea was Frank's," Stretch began.  "All I had to do was modify it a little bit."  He told her how he had approached several women with the idea that they were great dancers and a couple were skeptical of his plans and one was gung ho but she was leaving for the west coast in a week to visit he son in California.  He finally found the right pigeon in the fifth dance club he had visited and reeled her in like a hungry fish.  He had told her that word couldn't get out that she was becoming a charter member because her friends would think that she had bought her title so everything had to be done under the table including her membership fees.  She had quickly passed him five thousand dollars cash under the table at the restaurant they had met at that night and she had squeezed his hand under the table and whispered thank you.  He had told her it was her talent not his acknowledgement of it and that he should be thanking her but, she had said no, it wasn't the dance thing.  It was because he was being so nice to a lonely old lady.  He had tried to reassure her that it was her ability but, she had shushed him.  He had written out an itinerary that would begin in six weeks and she would then start showing off her new crown.  He walked out of the restaurant feeling pretty glum because he had a strong gut feeling that she knew that it was a big con but, she was lonely and liked the attention of the younger man.  The feeling lasted about a block until the weight of the envelope with five thousand dollars in it pressed heavily against his suit coat and he greedily pulled it out and fanned it in front of his face.
"That's quite a story Stretch.  You and Frank sure can set up a good scheme if you put your mind to it.  I sure this job in Florida will work just as well.  Oh, by the way.  I'm sorry I teased you so bad back at my house.  You must be furious with me.  I so used to using men all my life I couldn't help myself when the opportunity arose to show off my body knowing you just got out of prison.  I tell you what.  I know we're cousins but blood relations have never meant anything to me.  I will show you a really good time after we finish this job in Florida.  Just the two of us will go off together for a couple of weeks and it will be a time I don't think you ever will forget. Friends?"


June 12, Thursday 4:22 p.m.
Behind the marina office

Francis Bartholemew Franklin III. walked slowly towards the water’s edge and stared piercingly at the green mallard swimming lazily in meandering circles around the end of the concrete and cypress dock.  Bart, as he was better known, wondered just how tasty the feathered fowl would be.  If it would just swim a little closer to shore.  The duck was just cautious enough not to come any closer but splashed a bit of water with its feet in a seemingly teasing manner.
Bored, but not intimidated, Bart proudly turned his head and stared back at the white rear wall of the marina office.  The bait tank, with its air compressor humming noisily in the afternoon breeze was kind of out of place against the gleaming new wall of the office but it was a necessary piece of equipment for those die-hard bass fisherman who demanded fresh live shiners every morning.  This interruption of decor meant absolutely nothing to Bart, who could really care less.  It was the buzzing of the compressor that brought memories of sleepless nights when hoards of mosquitoes were relentless in their pursuit of a blood feast meal.  Those nights were long gone though since Otis and Bart had moved into the new marina apartment.  The comfortable little apartment was just big enough for the two of them and was a far cry more plush than their shack had been on the banks of the old river.  Yes, Bart was quite happy in his new home and all the people that visited the marina were really nice, especially that Jeff Finley, who with his son Todd always had a kind word and a little snack for Bart.
The woods, gleaming greenly in the afternoon haze, seemed like a cooling retreat from the overhead summer sun and Bart decided to spend the afternoon meandering around the tall shady trees instead of taking his usual afternoon nap.  The birds, squirrels and other small creatures kept the forest alive with sounds and occasionally, a deer would wander towards the edge of the woods.  That was always a thrill for Bart, to catch a glimpse of a doe or buck or even sometimes a weak legged little fawn.  The adrenaline rush he received from seeing a deer would stand the hair up on the back of his neck and the primitive instincts would come alive causing a real blood rush.  That was what life was all about anyways.  The breaking of the normal boring routine made living really worthwhile.
Entering the woods where he usually did, Bart sensed something was not like it always was.  He didn’t really know what was changed but there was strangeness about the woods he had never before experienced.  Looking past the limestone boulder that marked the entrance to his usual path Bart noticed a hole about three feet in diameter that was decidedly fresh.  The smell of damp earth evaded his nostrils not unlike that of a fresh grave.  Bart never had smelled a fresh grave or had any knowledge of what a fresh grave even was still; he knew this was totally different.  Walking over to the edge of the new hole, he stuck his head over the edge and tried to peer downward but only blackness met his eyes.  The strange thing was a slight breeze was, coming out of the seemingly bottomless hole.  Bart, never one to give much thought to anything let out a slight yelp and trotted quickly out of the woods.  The shade of the big oak tree on the side of the marina office sounded like a much nicer place to take a nap and Bart decided he would let somebody else worry about the strange going ons in the woods.  It wasn’t his job to worry about anything.  All he had to do was protect Otis from any mean strangers and lie peacefully in the shade.  After all a dogs life wasn’t really that hard.


June 12, Thursday 4:30 p.m.
Town of Forest Glenn

"Excuse me sir.  Do you know where I can find a Mr. Calvin Wilkins?  I heard at the courthouse that he might be here and I heard he is an authority on this area."
The bartender looked up from his methodical task of glass washing; to him it seemed a never-ending chore, into a pair of very violet colored eyes.  The blonde standing on the other side of the counter was a definite keeper.  On a scale of one to ten she, in his opinion rated a fourteen.  Slightly tongue tied for a moment he gradually regained his composure and replied in a, what he thought, was a very sexy voice.
"Yes ma'am.  I know where you can kind Mr. Falvin Wilkins.  I er mean I know where you can find Mr. Calvin Wilkins.  He's sitting in the last booth over there.  The old man with his head down.  By the way, everyone around here calls him Pops, Pops Wilkins.  Oh, if you want to talk to him, which I imagine is why you're here.  I would suggest bringing him a ginger and rye.  That'll lubricate his vocal chords real well."
"Thank you very much Mr. Oh, I'm sorry I didn't catch your name."
"It's Stanley T. Brown, proprietor of this modern sanctuary of spirits, the "Brown Spot." Supplier of the finest wines and liqueurs in this part of the south.  Your business is my pleasure."
"Well, Mr. Brown thank you again.  I'd like to purchase a drink for Mr. Wilkins and a very dry vodka martini for myself."
"That's great.  I'll bring them over to the table for you so, you can go ahead and visit with Pops.  I'll be just a minute."
The three men seated at the bar and Stanley T. Brown watched the blonde as she walked toward the table.  Not until she had leaned over and shook Calvin Wilkins shoulder, spoke softly in his ear and seated herself across the table from him, did the four pairs of eyes return to their original forward positions and resume their interrupted conversation.
"Mr. Wilkins.  I'm Marcia Meadows of channel ten.  Perhaps you've seen me on TV.
I do special interest stories on Monday nights right after the six o'clock newscast."
“Well, can't say if I've ever seen you Miss Meadows.  I don't get on watching the boob tube much except that fishing show on Satiddy.  Me and Butch McCoy and Samuel Booker all gather around that high fluent'in big screen old Mac installed in his sundry store and get a big kick out of watchin them city folk try to catch'em a big ol largemouth.  Now that's some fun seein those idiots with their high-priced gadgets keep missin what we've been catchin on crickets and night grubs for years."
"I guess that would be very entertaining Mr. Wilkes but, what I would like to find out from you is the local color around here for the past forty years or so.  I have heard that if anyone knows what goes on in Forest Glenn it’s Mr. Wilkins, the local historian.  The reason I want to know more about the area is because I'm doing a feature on the grand opening of the new resort and I'd like to know what kind of impact it will have on the surrounding area and its inhabitants.  Also what the local people feel about taking over cow country and citrus groves in a nice rural setting and transforming it into a tourist attraction almost overnight."
"Well, I guess I'll be able to help you out Miss Meadows, but please call me Pops."
"Okay Pops, but please call me Marcia and you will be quite reimbursed for your help."
"Shoot Marcia, an old man like me can't keep his mouth shut and gettin paid for it whoee!  Now, where do you want to start?"
The bar began filling up with the Thursday night crowd that began arriving at about four thirty and lasted till a little after two a.m.   There was a large mixture of people, from factory workers to yuppie stockbrokers.  Stan Brown treated them all the same.  They had money to spend.  They spent it.  They left.  Simple as that.  Now though, there was another factor involved.  A gorgeous blonde that Stanley T. Brown just had to have.  But, how was the question.  In the meantime the gorgeous blonde was still interviewing Calvin, the Pops, Wilkins.
"Ok Pops, why don't you start when you were a kid growing up in the small community of Forest Glenn.  What were your dreams and hopes and what do you think of someone building a tourist trap where you used to run and play as a kid."
"I guess I'll start at the beginning and we'll see how interested you really are after I tell you about my childhood.  I grew up in these here parts but they weren't known as Forest Glenn back in those days.  This whole area was known as Walker's Prairie, after the Walker family.  They settled in this area in the late eighteen hundreds from some place up north.  Old Tim Walker was a real smart businessman from what I heard and he had thousands of acres of cattle land and thousands of cattle to go on them.  He cleared out many of the woods in the area and put in a very large citrus crop.  He was still very prosperous when I was a kid but then the great depression hit.  He had his hand in too many pots from what I heard and everything came crashing down on him.  There wasn't no big tall buildings to jump out of like they did up north so he hanged himself from a water oak down by the old creek bed.  Well, I was still in short breeches at the time but that put one hell of a damper on this town.  He was holdin the mortgage on damn near every farm in the area and when he bit the big one, everyone was shakin in their boots cause they figgered some big bank would take over the papers and everybody would have to skedaddle when it foreclosed on them.  Well, lo and behold. his widder Sarah Jane turned out to be a Godsend.  She called a town meeting and told all the local folk that everyone was safe in their homes and she would be holdin the papers and to pay her whenever they could.  The townspeople were so happy that a nice lady like Sarah Jane would help them save their lives they decided to make the town a legal place and for a name they decided they would reward the nice widder by naming it partially after her first born Glenn David.  That's how we got the name Forest Glenn and by God, everybody thought it was a real pretty name so it just stuck being legalized and all."
Pops Wilkins picked up his glass and drained the rest of the rye and ginger the bartender had brought over and wiped the back of his sleeve on his mouth.
"Well Miss Marcia, I'm kinda runnin at the mouth ain't I."
"Don't be silly Pops, You’re doing just fine.  I think, you are a very interesting individual and I'm enjoying your story very much so, please continue."
Marsha Meadows held up two fingers to the bartender and he shook an enthusiastic ok not unlike the head of a plastic dog in the rear window of a fifties automobile.
"Well, where was I?  Oh yeah, the town recovered and after WWII families started moving in the area.  The builders back in those days could throw up a house in no time and the land was really cheap back then.  Well, the Walker widder moved to New Jersey to be with her son and his family and the citrus groves and cattle lands just kinda died off over the years.  Then this Jap fellow came in the picture and secretly bought all the old Walker property before anybody really knew what was happenin.  When he announced his plans to build this big resort and put in an artificial lake I thought the town was going to blow its top off.  You never heard such bitchin in your life.  The townsfolk said it would ruin their nice little hometown atmosphere and people would be traipsing back and forth and ruinin whatever peace and quiet there was.  It didn't matter much to me cause I had already growned up by then and my huntin days in the area where he was plannin to build was long over.  I guess I was a little saddened by the thought of all those beautiful woods being torn down but, he assured everyone that he was only building and puttin in the lake where there was cow fields and old orange trees.  The funny thing is though right where he built that enormous motel-lodge or whatever, was the biggest cave I ever yet to see.  I discovered it one day when a fox I wounded with my twenty gauge Ithaca shotgun was running across an old cattle field loaded with limestone rocks when it suddenly disappeared right before my eyes.  I knew that fox was soon for fox heaven but I didn't think that God just up and grabbed them like that.  Well, I walked over to where I knew that fox was last at and there right in front of my eyes was a hole about the size of a manhole right in the middle of this field.  I looked down but couldn't see nothin but black.  I went back into town looking for my best friend Izzy.  He's been dead nigh onto ten years now, liver disease they said.  From all that drinkin I imagine.  Well anyhow, we went back to that hole with a couple of lanterns and a heavy-duty rope and decided to see what was up.  Well, we tied that rope around one of those big old rocks and started shimming down that rope into that big black hole like a couple of monkeys.  I was kinda scared but I didn't let ol Izzy know that, even though he was probably pissin his pants about then.  We went down, I would guess a little more than fifty feet and reached solid rock.  Right in front of our eyes was that fox, deader than a goose, layin at our feet.  We walked around some and it looked like a subway tunnel down there.  I wasn't much for exploring that far down in the ground so we didn't stay very long but, we did see somethin mighty interesting before we climbed back up.  Well, we heard it to.  About ten feet from where we had set our feet down there was a stream runnin pretty fast in that cave.  Stream hell, it was more like a miniature river.  We decided that underground life wasn't for us so; we got out of there.  I didn't think much about that hole again but, one evenin, right at dusk, I was walkin on the edge of that pasture. Hurrying home before it got totally dark when, I saw a big black cloud coming out of the ground about where that hole was.  I didn't know what it was at first and then I figured out it was bats, thousands of them, coming out of their roost in that cave.  That's the last time I ever thought of that hole again until now, and that dumb foreigner built a building right on top of it.  I know I got off the original story again.  Anyway, the Jap must have put some money in the right pockets because the next thing you know is, the resort is built and the town doesn't say much about it any more."
"Pops, I think that was a fantastic story and I'm sure I'll be able to use quite a bit of it in my program Monday night.  As I said, you will be rewarded greatly for your contribution and I wish you the best of luck in the future.  I am going out to the resort Saturday and I'll definitely look at that place with a whole different frame of mind.  Thank you again."
Marcia Meadows got up from the table and walked out the front door of the bar.  Stanley T. Brown, overhearing the last part of her conversation, watched her go out and thought to himself, if she is going to be at the resort Saturday then that is where I'm going to be.  I can't let that get out of my life.


June 13, Friday 9:37 a.m.
On Interstate 75 in central Florida

Emerging into the bright morning sunshine like a slippery newborn colt out of her mother’s womb, the mint green nose of the Chrysler minivan slid slowly out of the fog bank onto the moist black asphalt  
Billy, staring at the back of his mother’s ash blonde head whined for the second time in fifteen minutes.  “Mom, when are we going to get there?  We’ve been driving for days.”
Lisa Forham, slightly irritated, but realizing the impatience of a nine year old, settled herself more comfortably in the leather bucket seat and without glancing back answered in an even tone.  “I hope you understand young man we’ve only been on the road for seven hours.  I know it must seem like days to you; but that’s only because you’re bored.  We’ll be there in less than two hours.  Just think of all the fun you’re going to have with your friend Jack.  You haven’t seen him since last Christmas and I'm sure he has lots of neat things to tell you.”
“Yeah, pipe down pipsqueak.  You’re interrupting my daydreams of all those good-looking boys I’m going to see at the lake, especially that hunk Brandon Miles.  He’s totally awesome isn’t he mom?  Beverly Forham at sixteen was already showing the mature beauty she would radiate in her later years.  Dark haired like her father, the classic lines of her satin smooth face and long shapely legs were inherited from her beautiful mother.
“Yes, I guess he is dear.  At least all the girls in America think so.  I just hope he’s as nice as he acts in the movies.  It would be a shame if he really is a spoiled actor like a lot of them. That, success generally goes to their head.”
“Don’t worry mom.  He’s a dreamboat in real life according to all the magazine articles I’ve read.  He’s supposed to be really polite and very humble around his fans.  That’s the guy for me.”
“Aw Beverly, he’d throw rocks at you.  He’d tell you to get lost.  Wouldn’t he mom?”
“Okay you kids.  Be nice to each other.  I want you to be on your best behavior when we see your father.  You haven’t seen him in two weeks and I want him to remember wonderful children he has.”
“Mom, I am not a children.  I’m a teenager.  Besides, I’m adorable.” Beverly fluttered her eyelashes and pursed her lips in a mimicking gesture.
“You’re a goon Bev,” Billy chanted.  “You’re the bride of Frankenstein.”
“That's enough guys.” Their mother warned.  “Enjoy the scenery and we'll be there before you know it.
Lisa Forham was looking forward to seeing her husband, Bill, again.  They had been separated many times over the course of their marriage and each mini-reunion was better than the one before.  Their love for each other was very deep, based not only on deep compassion for each other, but also a deep commitment to please the other.  It didn’t take that much work, both being very sensitive to the other’s needs and desires.  Their happiness was reflected not only in their children but in their friends as well.  Kevin and Sue Backlin, their closest friends, had a similar commitment to each other.  The two couples with two children each strived over the years to spend every major holiday and vacation together.  There was never the arguments and yelling matches that many families seem to have as a core to their relationships.  Even though the parents sometimes had slight disagreements with their individual spouses, these minor arguments never surfaced in public and especially in front of their offspring.  The families got along so well that, they all looked forward to the many rendezvous they had over the years.  The men had such a deep respect for each other not only in business but, in their personal lives that, even if one had a little too much to drink at their many family affairs and holiday parties, the last thing on either one of their minds was to make a pass at the other ones wife.  It was an almost perfect relationship, achieved by the steadfast commitment to one another.
Lisa and the children had left their house, fifty miles north of Atlanta, Georgia at a little after one in the morning.  They planned to be at the resort a day early to enjoy some of the many activities that Bill had told them about before the grand opening on Saturday.  Bill, accompanied by Kevin Backlin would be arriving from Chicago after a two weeklong seminar on worldwide environmental destruction.  They would take an airport limo from Tampa International Airport over to the resort.  Sue and her children would be driving in from southern South Carolina and would be arriving at approximately the same time.  Their reunion, always pleasant, would be another delightful experience to add to their already filled photo albums and home video libraries, but as always, they expected this one to be more exciting than the one before.


June 13, Friday 10:18 a.m.
Back door of resort

Tyrone Washington looked up at the camera and watched as it rotated slowly back and forth.  He looked at the molding at the edge of the ceiling where the wires disappeared from view and made a checkmark on the sheet of paper on his clipboard.  Tyrone gave a thumbs up sign into the camera lens and started walking toward the check-in desk.  Tyrone loved his new job, he didn’t really have to do much of anything and they paid him quite handsomely.  Some life!  His wife Lucy also was really proud.  Trying a lot of jobs in the past, nothing really suited the man inside of Tyrone.  This job was entirely different.  It was aces.
Tyrone approached the front desk, nodded to the blonde haired desk clerk, and stared up at the ceiling mounted camera.  After watching it revolve back and forth twice he looked at the wiring where it ran behind the desk and made another check on his paper.  With a thumbs up sign again to the camera he walked across the lobby to the two main doors.
Tyrone’s stint in the army had taught him discipline and how important a good appearance was.  With spit polished leather shoes, freshly ironed khaki shirt and trousers, Tyrone cut a fine figure as a security guard. Looking good, was probably what landed him this job.  Tyrone had dressed to kill on the interview, making sure his nails were clean and nicely manicured.  A friendly smile also helped.  Nobody wants to hire a somber puss, even though the manager Dilford Bailey was.  Yes, being proud and doing an excellent job for the corporation, was what mattered.
Checking the three remaining cameras Tyrone headed out to the pool to see how the twin brothers that the company had recently hired were doing.  Mark and Mike Summers were identical twins, six foot tall, dark, and ruggedly handsome.  Mark, older by seven minutes, seemed to obtain a grasp on situations slightly faster than his younger brother Mike but, both were obviously quick learners and were not afraid to tackle any job, large or small.  Both of the twins were leaning over the main pool pump, looking at the motor with a perplexed look on their faces. “Hey, what’s happening guys?  You break the pump or what?”
“Hey Tyrone.”  Mike answered.  “No, we’re just checking everything over to make sure everything’s okay for the big grand opening tomorrow.  What’ve you been up to?"
“Not much.  I just finished checking all the security cameras with Chief Morgan monitoring me on the monitor.  No privacy huh?”
“You know he’s a big teddy bear Tyrone.  I bet you could really screw up and he’d just nod his head and say that you’ll do better next time.  Chief Morgan is a neat guy to work for.
“You’re absolutely right.  He is the nicest boss I ever had.  He is a real pleasure to work for.  This whole resort is that way.  Everyone seems really happy.”
“Yeah, except that old sourpuss Bailey.  Nobody likes him.  I’m glad he’s only in charge of the inside of the resort and that the corporation runs the rest.  I don’t think I could work for him.”
“Me neither.”  Replied Tyrone in a whispery voice.  “Me neither.”
Tyrone Washington waved goodbye to the two boys and headed toward the manmade mountain.  He was almost at the front of the mountain and he looked up at the majestic waterfall.  Man that’s beautiful he thought.  This place is paradise.  Nothing could ever disturb it.


June 13, Friday 12:47 p.m.
In a meadow

The crystal clear water cascading down the side of the manmade mountain sparkled like expensive jewels in the midday sun.  The roar, as the water hit the churned up surface of the lagoon was quite audible even in the velvet green meadow where Paul Zangalio chewed on a blade of grass as his head laid quite comfortably in Becky's denim clad lap.
“You know Beck, when we get married we could build a house right in the middle of this meadow, raise kids, and live happily ever after.”
“Paul, let's be serious for a change.  You don't make enough money to support yourself, more less raise a family and besides the corporation that owns the resort would never sell a beautiful place like this.”
Rebecca McClelland, though only seventeen, was a lot more mature than most of her friends and especially a lot more than her nineteen-year boyfriend, fiancé, Paul.  Her practical nature allowed her to build a substantial nest egg toward her future marriage even though she had been working only three summers for the corporation.  Her father, as an executive for the company since its beginning, brought her into the office at fourteen years of age to do miscellaneous filing and acting as a gopher.  Her early maturity and quick thinking impressed the president of the company so much, he rewarded her with a sizable salary and a promise of full time employment upon graduation from high school.  She already had her own desk and was the assistant to his personal secretary, who adored her to no end.  Becky could operate any of the computer equipment and already was acting as part-time purchasing agent for most of the corporation.  With her bubbling personality and cute looks, everyone who came in contact with her, always wanted to go out of their way to help her, enabling her to handle just about any task set before her.  
Paul Zangalio, hired thirty days before the grand opening of the resort, was working as the main lifeguard at the Olympic size swimming pool in case a clumsy or drunken guest got into trouble while enjoying the water pleasures at the resort.  The resort opened two months previous to the grand opening and after thirty days, due to the influx of more than the expected number of guests, decided to implement as many safety precautions as they could.  They equipped the pool and the lake with lifesaving stations, a pole with a life preserver and safety rope and call phone in case any emergency arose but, they felt the presence of human safety people would enhance their credibility to be a modern fully equipped resort.
Paul, the youngest of three brothers, had been an outstanding athlete in school and had gotten chosen to represent the state in the baseball playoffs.  His precise pitching ability had been fully documented in the local paper and with his muscular build and former first aid training, the resort picked him out of his graduating class to be the top safety person to represent the resort.  There were three other lifeguards employed by the resort and he was the lead person who arranged the schedules and time offs allotted to the guards.  His pay was high for the field but, was not quite enough to raise a family.  He hoped his baseball ability would allow him a chance to prove that he could be a good family provider.
“I have dreams Becky, big dreams.”  Paul replied in a faraway type voice.  “You know I’ll be picked up by one of the major league teams and before you know it, Ill be a starting shortstop and my name will be a household word.  Everyone will want my autograph and you can come and pick me up at the ballpark or the airport in our new Mercedes SUV after I clench the winning home run in the last playoff game before the World Series.  I’ll be great!  Just think of all the fame and fortune and the way you will be running around with the other star player’s wives going on shopping sprees and eating in fancy restaurants and stuff.”
“Come on, lighten up Paul.”  Becky scolded.  “Just because you got a college scholarship and was chosen all county doesn’t mean instant career.  It takes a lot of work and a lot of luck and besides you would have to spend quite a bit of time in a farm camp and then play for a while in the minor leagues.  That still doesn’t guarantee you a spot on a big league team.  That’s a shot in the dark and you know it.”
“Just you wait Rebecca.  I’ll prove myself.  You just wait and see.”
June 13, Friday 1:03 p.m.
Manmade mountain 
Marvin Schumaker was a self-proclaimed ladies man.  He thought he was God’s gift to womanhood.  In reality, most women thought he was a real dud with a capital D.  He not only was egotistical, he was downright boring.  Marvin, at five foot five, wore lifts in his shoes.  His drastically receded hairline was supplemented with an ill fitting toupee and his facial features, pock marked since adolescents from a severe bout of acne, added to a slumped shouldered pot bellied structure that was almost comical to look at.  Five minutes in animated conversation with Marvin was all it took for most women to realize this person was a real loser.  He told any women he met, so many different stories about who he was and what he did, of course, better than anyone else, that he sometimes forgot who he was supposed to be at any given moment.  One night he was a jet fighter test pilot.  Another night he was a world-renowned cardiac specialist.  He even went so far as to tell a very enticing redhead he was a CIA agent on special assignment for the President.  This immediately backfired when; she asked him who his superior was because she told him she had been an agent stationed in Argentina for the last three years.  This was a complete fabrication by the redhead because she recognized a bullshit artist right away.  Marvin stammered a muttered reply and immediately headed for the rest room, from which he peeked out sporadically until her back was turned and quickly snuck out the back door.
In reality, Marvin Schumaker was a technician trained to monitor the dials and gauges controlling the input and output of the equalization system of the manmade lake.  He spent eight hours a day watching the same instruments for any deviation from the norm.  He was busy in the restroom staring, at what he thought, his handsome image in the tiny mirror, when the first glitch appeared.  It wasn’t much but a trained eye, such as the one Marvin possessed, would have picked up the irregularity immediately.  Unfortunately, his narcissus complex kept him from noticing what, could have been an early warning of a potential disaster.  The input sensors detected a tremendous drop in the level of the lake over a one-half hour period of time.  By the time Marvin returned to his workstation, the pumps produced enough pressure to restore the lake to its normal level and no one was the wiser.  The sudden loss of water would have indicated a potentially dangerous situation but, Marvin was too busy monitoring himself instead of the lake and the loss went undetected.  The grand opening scheduled for Saturday relaxed the schedules of the technicians because, everything was going so smooth since the inception of the monitoring system, and the corporation didn’t feel the need to pay overtime over the weekend.  If something was going to go wrong they reasoned, it should have happened way before now.  If Marvin had done his job correctly, someone would have kept at least a skeleton crew working throughout the weekend but because of his lack of warning, everything seemed to go smoothly.
Marvin liked the idea of having the weekend off.  He could scope out the babes and have his way with any he chose.  His awkward thinking deteriorated his mind so much, he thought he could really score with any woman he met.  Well, the big party was tomorrow and Marvin was destined to get his just rewards.


June 13, Friday 6:04 p.m.
Inside the marina office

Otis Sherman arranged the lure display for about the fifth time in three hours and frowned.  Something’s wrong here, I can feel it in my bones.  He looked down at Bart and smiled.
“What’s up boy?  You look all jittery today.  Usually you come back from your afternoon walk in the woods with a smirk on your face, like you had conquered every wild animal in the forest.  Today, you come back like a bear tried to eat you.  What gives boy?”
Otis reached over and scratched the brown and white dog behind the ears and continued his worrisome thoughts.
“You know Bart, animals have a special instinct that God didn’t think man needed.  Well, I could sure use some of that instinct now.  Everything seems wrong.  The birds haven’t been singing like they usually do.  The fish, sure the hell, haven’t been biting and now you act funny.  I’m worried some kind of big time pal.”
Otis, his seventy year old back arched with osteoporosis, shuffled slowly over to the picture window that overlooked the azure blue water of the man-made lake and sat down gingerly in his cane back rocker, a birthday gift from the resort's office staff, and stared with his icy blue eyes at puffy cumulus clouds drifting over the lake.  He sadly shook his unruly shock of white hair and sighed.  Otis shrugged his shoulders and reached over to the window sill and turned up the volume on the little portable radio he had brought into the office when it had first opened.  He was somewhat soothed by the soft rock music coming out of the single speaker and his thoughts went back to the old days.  The days when Bart was still a puppy.  He had been living in an old ramshackle shack on the edge of the lazy river that bordered Walker’s Prairie, what they now call Forest Glen.  Otis made his living with, trotlines strung up and down the river always catching the big river catfish that he sold in the village.  He also cut the hearts out of the palms and sold the swamp cabbage to all the locals.  Once in a while he would be hired out as a hunting or fishing guide.  His big break came when that Jap fellow visited him one rainy, really hot sticky night.  That Jap was cool and collected in his three-piece suit and Brooks Brothers’ raincoat and he offered Otis more money than he had ever seen if, he would come and run his marina for him.  The foreigner told that he had a reputation of knowing everything there was to know about fishing in Florida waters and he wanted someone who could tell his guest how to catch fish in his brand new lake.
The well-dressed business man told Otis he was going to stock the lake with all types of native Florida sports fish and that it was going to be completely, computer controlled.  Otis did not hesitate very long before he accepted the offer.  A place, where there were plenty of fish and a new apartment with, God forbid, air-conditioning, and all Otis had to do was tell a bunch of Yankees how to bait a hook.  YessirreBob, a dream come true.  Otis knew he was getting on in years and a nice comfortable place to spend his twilight years sounded ideal.
His luck had really improved but now Otis had the feeling that everything was going to change.  He didn’t know what was going to happen but he thought it would really be kind of nice to be back in his safe little shack on the bank of the lazy river.


June 13, Friday 7:42 p.m.
St. Petersburg Beach, Florida

The beach bar was still full of bikinis from the onslaught of sun worshippers who preferred the rum concocted drinks to the harsh rays of Florida sunshine in the middle of June.  The bar had been packed since before eleven a.m. and now that the night shift of vacationers and local patrons began filling in, the bronzed day goddesses began to filter out to head for a cold shower and to get prepared for another Friday night of checking the meat factories for a suitable companion to impress their friends, for at least a couple of days.
One of the outnumbered males, his back leaning against the bar and a bottle of Heineken Dark resting lazily in his lap barely supported by his right hand, turned to his friend on the next stool and muttered in a low, slightly drunken voice.
“You know Jim.  I really could dig this life style.  There are some fine looking women that frequent this place.  I’ve been in love at least a dozen times today.”
“Settle down Romeo.”  His friend teased.  “You know you have a so-called date tomorrow, even if it is a publicity stunt.  Over half the men in America would love to be in your shoes on Saturday and you’re sitting here scoping out the local beach babes.”
'”Look Jim.  You know what an airhead Tiffany is.  I couldn’t spend a real night with her if my life depended on it.  All she talks about is how good-looking she is, which is true, and how rich she is, which is true, and what a beautiful body she has, which is true.  Oh dammit, I might talk my self into enjoying it, which I know I, won’t so let’s just stop talking about it.  Okay?”
“Sure Brandon.” Jim Caldwell laughed.  “I’m sure you’re really going to suffer.  If it bothers you that much, why don’t you shave off your beard and take off those super dark glasses and let these girls see who you really are.  I know you like traveling incognito until you make a public appearance but wouldn’t all these lovely ladies be really surprised to know they spent the afternoon in a beach bar with America’s heartthrob Brandon Miles.”
“Shut up man.  You know I don’t want anybody to know I’m here.  Especially my manager.  He would have a fit if he knew I was out in the general public without a product endorsement or some other money making scam.  I wish I could lead a normal life but oh well, that’s the cost of fame and fortune I guess.  Come on, let’s get back to the motel so we can get some sleep.  We have to be at the resort by noon.  Just because you’re my best friend that doesn’t relieve you of what my manager is paying you for.  To be the bodyguard for little old defensive me.  Now come on and protect me from all these wild women.”


June 13, Friday 10:34 p.m.
County Sheriff’s office

Paul Johanson, his long, thin, almost artistic fingers were again stroking the scruff of his blond goatee.  This action, plus the fact he was growing any hair on his pink baby faced features was a constant annoyance to twice elected Sheriff Ralph Slocum.  Sheriff Slocum, defender of all that was good and a tyrant to those unfortunate few who were unlucky enough to break a rule in his county, leaned precariously back in his worn red leather chair, a gift from the Hinkley estate when old man Hinkley bit the big one, sighed for perhaps the third time in ten minutes and asked again.
“Okay Paul.  Just what are you trying to tell me for the umpteenth time?  It’s after ten o’clock and I realize you just came on duty at six but I’ve been here since five thirty this morning and all I can think of is a nice cold shower and sitting back drinking about six brewskys and wondering who else will screw up tomorrow.”
“Well sheriff, as I was saying before, we need to deputize about ten more men and stake them out all around the new resort.  We can issue them whatever guns we have and the rest they could volunteer because as you know every able-bodied man in this county owns a firearm or two since they all go hunting in the fall anyway.  We would only need them for about twelve hours anyway because that’s when all the rich people will be at the resort.  We would be prepared for, any idiot fool enough to try to rob the new place, and we would surely be heroes if anything happened.”
“Are you out of your fool mind, boy?  Just, who in God’s name is suppose to pay for all this military deployment you have in mind and besides, the resort has its own security force plus, I hear it has the best computerized alarm system on the market.  We would be the laughing stock of the county if we showed up with a bunch of rednecks pretending to be cops.  I bet the resort wouldn’t even let us on the property, much less protect all those high society snobs they call important guests.  Sometimes boy, I don’t know where you get all those big city ideas.  Those two years at junior college must have really warped your mind.”
“I’m telling you Sheriff.  I have this crazy feeling that somebody or a group of some bodies is going to try to rob the place.  There will be more money drippin’ off the necks of those socialites than this county has ever seen and I think we need to be there when it happens.”
“I’m not going to listen to any more of this hogwash.  I’m going out to my county police vehicle and try not to leave any rubber when I blast out of here.  Trust me, nothing is going to happen.” 


June 13, Friday 10:42 p.m.
Room 234

The three tannish-red Advils left a melt in your hand, not in your mouth stain directly in the center of Steve Sidel’s sweaty left palm as he contemplated the irony of the current situation.  Fourteen hundred miles he had traveled to be on time for the super grand opening of the super new resort in the middle of this super ex-farmland and he had forgotten his super stupid pre-prepared speech from his super supervisor.  Opening his mouth with less than super enthusiasm he popped the Advils in his mouth and swallowed them with the help of a very strong Jack Daniel’s and Coke.  The last place he wanted to be, was representing his computer equipment company to a bunch of wealthy people who were here for the status recognition and could care less if everything from the elegant meals to the very tight security were all completely regulated by the latest in electronic technology.  His company, Datafuture, was a Fortune 500 firm with more employees than he wished to think about and why they had chosen him to brag about their wonderful advancements in the computer field was beyond him but, oh well, he had decided.  POR, push on regardless, and then his secretary had forgotten to pack his speech.  By the time he had discovered the folder missing from his attaché case, the home office was closed, and his secretary was probably on a date with her pimply geeky boyfriend and, there was no way she could fax it to him if she was getting groped in the back seat of her boyfriend’s 85 Cutlass.  Tomorrow is another day he thought, he would get up at his usual five a.m. and write his own damn speech.  He knew more about the workings of the systems anyway since he had designed the entire project.  He would just tell the guests the advantages of the new system and how it would vastly improve their comfort and safety as they enjoyed there stay at the beautiful new resort.  That’s all they cared about anyway.  They could care less about how the company was the wave of the future and how it would influence the entire nation in the years to come.  He would just state the facts, mam and deal with the wrath of his boss when he got back.  In the meantime he would just nurse his Jack with a silly grin on his face and deal with whatever, whenever.Steve and his younger brother Sam grew up in a modest neighborhood with middle class families surrounding their two story stucco home.  Steve loved school, and was a member of the National Honor Society and made the Dean's List every semester.  Sam hated school and hung out with some very low class individuals that were always getting into trouble.  Their father, an accountant by trade, tried to interest both his sons into sports but, Steve was the only one interested in any school oriented extra curricular activities.  Sam's extra curricular activities was beating up and robbing the younger kids of their lunch money and trying to steal from parked cars.  Sam's friends were all losers and he fit right in.  
Steve excelled in sports and was a multi-letter man every year.  Sam excelled in terrorism and was a multi-visitor at the juvenile detention center every year.  Steve knew at a young age that he was going to be very successful in his business life.  Sam really didn't give a damn.  When Steve graduated from high school, he received several scholarships and decided to attend MIT (The Massachusetts's Institute of Technology).  When Sam dropped out of high school, he attended, not by choice, the county jail.  Steve graduated with honors and was swept up by Datafuture, a dynamic new company that was experimenting with computer controlled technology to efficiently run companies in all aspects of their business.  Sam was released with parole and was immediately swept up by the authorities when he violated the parole in the first twenty four hours.  Two brothers, so different but, still brothers.


June 14, Saturday 3:08 a.m.
In a drainage ditch, behind the tennis courts

The scarab beetle, feeling secure in its homemade tunnel five inches below the surface, heard a scraping sound and began digging furiously downward.  A long saliva sticky tongue put a quick halt to its escape plans and the beetle was sucked rapidly toward the surface and into the waiting mouth of the hungry armadillo.  The armadillo with its keen sense of smell could find its prey even six inches below the hard packed dirt in the side of the drainage ditch.  Seconds after swallowing the hard-shelled insect the armadillo with its equally keen sense of hearing began picking up vibrations from deep within the ground.  These sounds, not unlike a large earth mover might make, brought back memories to the armored beast of nests being torn up and having to constantly relocate its home burrow.  Over the last three years the armadillo had to move five different times, even though the last six months had been relatively free of disturbances in its lifestyle.  Standing on his hind feet, he twisted his head back and forth but couldn’t pinpoint the direction of the noise.  Deciding it was unsafe anywhere in this area the armadillo dropped back down on all four legs and scampered hastily back to its burrow more than a hundred yards deep into the thick forest.  Three deer, a buck and two does, were nibbling on fresh leaves on young oak saplings when a deep vibration under their feet alerted them to danger.  The buck, clearly the leader, raised his head and turned it slowly to the right and then the left.  His nostrils flared trying to pick up a strange scent.  His sensitive ears twitched rapidly back and forth trying to pick up a noise that he could identify.  Puzzled, he jerked his large white bushy tail frantically to signal his two does.  The does, seeing the danger sign from the buck, jumped quickly over to their familiar game trail and headed toward the safety of their lair deep in the forest.  The buck, pleased that the does responded quickly to his alarm signal, took one last look around and hastily followed his does to their home.  
A horned owl, high in the branches of a majestic magnolia tree, was following the movements of a field mouse that was intent on collecting the bright red seeds from the magnolia pods.  The owl, planning his attack, was suddenly jolted, by an abrupt shaking of the trunk of the hundred year old tree.  Discarding his plans for dinner, the owl flew quickly off the branch he had been perched on and flew deep into the forest.  The mouse, unfazed, continued his search for seeds.  The tree, quiet now, continued just being a tree. 


June 14, Saturday 5:00 a.m.
Middle of Lake

The weathered white wooden sides of the twelve-foot long boat rocked gently in the gray water as Jeff Finley leaned his four hundred plus pounds over the battered plank that served as the back seat of his fishing boat.  Lifting the scarred lid of the ten year old red and white plastic cooler, he didn’t have to glance downwards for his pudgy fingers to grasp the icy metal sides of the Budweiser that lay nestled with its companions, like new born chicks in an overfilled nest.  Chips of ice fell off the near frozen twelve ounce can as he expertly flicked the tab top and brought the container to his ample size lips.  Draining half the can and belching with a ferocity that echoed across the still lake he set the can on the gritty floor and turned towards his only son, Todd.
“You know boy, this is the life.  A peaceful morning on a beautiful lake surrounded by miles and miles of dark green woods.  The sounds of ducks flying overhead.  This is almost heaven boy.”
Todd Finley, at seven years old, forty-six pounds, and a mop of bushy blonde hair was a sharp contrast to his balding dark haired overweight father.  His sleep encrusted eyes were barely opened as he partially suppressed a yawn with the back of his fragile looking small hand and answered in a squeaky voice.
“I know dad but why do we have to start so early.  Don’t the fish ever sleep in?”
“Come on son, where’s your sense of adventure?  The early worm catches the biggest fish or something like that.  You’d be up already watching those cartoons anyways, so you might as well learn about nature from an expert like myself.”
The disability checks that Jeff Finley had been receiving for the last five years supported quite well his retired type life style.  His very caring wife’s paychecks from her job as an office manager for a large industrial firm paid the rent, utilities, groceries, and school clothes for their son.  She didn’t mind if Jeff splurged his money on his hobbies and outdoor activities.  Her theory was a happy man was a lot easier to live with and besides he took care of Todd whenever he wasn’t in school.  Jeff was by far not a greedy man and he quite often tried to donate his income to help with the bills but she had repeatedly assured him that her paychecks covered the bills with plenty to spare and that he worked very hard until he got injured so he deserved this permanent vacation.
Jeff bought her flowers at least once a week and surprised her sporadically at other times with little gifts that she knew came from his heart.
Her only regret was the weight he had gained since the fallen crane boom at the construction site had pulverized his right leg into a mass of jigsaw type bone fragments and he would never walk without a leg brace and a cane.  This lack of activity plus a combination of at least a case of beer a day and tons of snacks had turned him into a jolly rotund butterball with eyes that twinkled like Santa Claus.  Jeff was in pain almost constantly but his family and friends had never heard one complaint or word of pity from him.  He had a philosophy, whatever happens, happens for a reason and you might as well make the most of it.
“Well dad, how long are we going to stay out here?  I promised I would go over to Billy’s house this afternoon to play his new Nintendo game he got for his birthday.’
“Don’t worry son, we’ll leave about one o’clock.  We’ll have a boatload of fish by then and the sun will just start getting too hot to stay on the lake.  You may not want to go in by that time though because you’ll be catching fish right and left.  The speckled perch are really going to be biting this morning and you know how much fun they are to catch.”
“Ok dad, but promise me we’ll go in if we’re not catching anything.”
“I promise Todd, but I guarantee you will never forget this day.  It’ll really be exciting, trust me!”


June 14, Saturday 7:06 a.m.
Lobby of resort hotel

Dilford Bailey, at thirty-eight years old, was probably best described as a pompous ass.  His pencil thin heavily waxed brown mustache set precisely one half inch above his tight always frowning thin upper lip gave the appearance of being painted rather than grown on.  His wire rim glasses perched halfway down his long pointed nose brought back memories of a cranky schoolmaster even to those who never a had the misfortune of learning the three r’s from one.  Bailey’s eloquent use of very long words brought not only a sense of boredom but also a feeling of being lectured on any subject he decided to pursue at any given moment.  His employees all regarded the resort manager as a royal pain but they all groveled nevertheless in front of him because they had all heard the rumors about his past work history.  The rumors, many of which were actually true, buzzed around the hotel whenever a new employee started work.
“Did you hear old Bailey once fired an eight-month pregnant desk clerk because she was five minutes late because of false labor pains?”
“Or did you hear about the time the bell hop left one piece of luggage at the front desk and old Dill baby tripped over it and fell flat on his face?  That poor guy was fired before the elevator door was fully shut.”
'”How about the time the French chef at the Palisades put too many blueberries in the soufflé, Bailey ranted and raved for two whole hours about how the price of fresh fruit was bankrupting the entire operation.”
Dilford Bailey was definitely not one to tangle with.  His strictness and adherence to the rules had pleased many a rich hotel owner and he could pick his choice of prestigious hotels to manage.  That was why he now was the chief honcho of this new elaborate state of the arts resort.  His six months of meticulous planning and attention to detail, including the exact placement of the tremendous floral displays decorating the enormous lobby was now coming to a head.  The grand opening was at noon today with more than one thousand guests and visitors expecting to overflow the ballroom and adjacent well-manicured grounds.  Bailey had hand picked his staff from a large turn out of applicants, each one pre-qualified over an extensive six month search of all the great hotels and resorts in the country.  Ads were placed in newspapers in all the major cities promising top pay, excellent benefits, free room and board and the promise of being on the staff of the newest, best designed, computer controlled resort in the world.  The criteria of the job published in the newspapers was the applicant had to be well-educated, very experienced, good work history and impeccable credentials.  What wasn't stated and was kept away from all but the people in the know was the applicants had to be attractive, intelligent and young.  Definite qualifications for a discrimination suit.  Dilford Bailey wanted only the best for his resort.  


June 14, Saturday 8:03 a.m. 
On the north edge of the lake

The misty swirls of early morning fog shrouded the pale green saucer-size leaves of the many lily pads that lined the dew soaked shore of the man-made lake.  The bright stalks of the aquatic flowers stood at attention in the stillness of the day's beginning.  The cawing of distant crows, flying a predetermined course for their early morning meal, echoed faintly over the quiet of the peaceful terrain.  The many forest animals, some returning from their nightly forage for food and others just starting on their daily treks for survival, felt safe in their environment.  The opossums and deer, the raccoons and rabbits, the squirrels and armadillos, all found relative peace now that the big earthmovers and draglines, pickup trucks and work crews had left their forest.  No longer would the early morning quiet be shattered by the screeching fan belts and the earthy roar of the large diesel engines.  Peace had returned to the woods and only the sounds of nature and the subdued voices of nature lovers interrupted the relative quiet of the area.
Jack Backlin, his carrot red hair glinting in the early morning rays of the sun, bent over the well formed bank of the lake and thrust his make shift spear into the azure blue water.  Quietly, not wanting to disturb the tranquility of the early morning, he pointed his stubby index finger at the still vibrating palmetto stalk and whispered to his friend.
“Hey Billy, I think I got one.  Those bass on the bed make really easy targets but the water is so deep I think the water deflects my spear every time.  I felt something hard when I pushed down but I don’t see anything but a big swirl of sandy water.  Do you think the fish will swim off and die or do you think we could wade in and try to find it?”
“You really think you hit one Jack?"  Billy whispered back. "Our dad’s would be proud of us if we brought home a big largemouth bass our first time out, huh.  I don’t know about wading in the water though.  These new short and shirt outfits our moms bought would probably stay wet for hours and we’d be murdered when we got back.  If we can’t find your fish from the bank, we should probably go after another one.  Just look how many we’ve seen in the short time we’ve been here.  I just know we will see another easy target and maybe I’ll get lucky this time...
“Okay Billy.  I know you’re always right even though you’re only one year older than me.  It doesn’t matter though, you know the old saying, there are always more fish in the sea.  Yuck, yuck.”
“Gee Jack.  You’re a real comedian.  Come on let’s get another fish.  You never know the lake might dry up.  Yea right.”
The two boys had been up since six o’clock and neither was the least bit tired after the long drive to the resort.  They hurriedly gotten dressed and impatiently waited for the rest of their family members to get up.  They spent the night in one motel room they shared with their older sisters while both sets of parents had adjoining rooms on each side of them. The two girls  
 had stayed up most of the night giggling and talking about boys and different clothes they bought but the two young boys had fallen asleep shortly after watching a sit-com on the motel room TV. 
Jack and Billy finally woke up the protesting girls and while they were getting dressed the boys knocked on both of their parents’ motel rooms announcing they were more than ready to eat breakfast.  The two boys were allowed to wait by the large swimming pool until their parents were ready and very excited about being able to spend the day playing around the grounds of the resort and the lake while their parents attended the grand opening.  The girls after meeting the parents and the two little brothers had gotten permission to do whatever they wanted after eating as long as they promised not to elope with any of the local boys.  The delicious breakfast in the
dining room gave everyone in the group a nice warm feeling in their stomachs and they separated into their own little groups after exiting the dining room.


June 14, Saturday 8:19 a.m.
Tennis courts

Darwood Mackenzie was a klutz.  He had been a klutz as long as anyone could remember.  His feet had grown a lot faster than the rest of his gangling body, he wore size twelve shoes when he was ten years old, and they seemed to be controlled by something entirely alien to the rest of his body.  He could trip over an ant if he wasn’t careful and Darwood was hardly ever careful.  
In grammar school he had been ridiculed by his classmates.
“Hey Dar, you will always go far but in the wrong direction.”
This harmless joking had no profound effect on Darwood because he took it as a form of adoration from his fellow classmates which, in reality it was.  He was well liked but really funny to look at.  His scarecrow appearance with ears too large and carrot colored hair with an ample supply of freckles, topped off, or in this case, bottomed off with clown size feet, brought a smile even to the most serious minded teacher at the school.  If the children were reprimanded by a scholar to quit teasing Darwood, the children would break out in a series of giggles that would eventually cause even the teacher to start smirking.  Yes, Darwood was a real trip but really an enjoyable voyage.
Darwood at age seventeen was still funny looking and just as awkward but, his warm friendly smile put even Dilford Bailey, the manager, at ease.  Darwood was the one exception to the manager's strict employment regulations but, as happens in a lot of businesses, nepotism rules and Dilford Bailey was Darwood's uncle.  No one, except the uncle and nephew knew this and Bailey threatened to fire Darwood on the spot if anyone ever found out.   Darwood’s job, in the bright morning sunlight was to clean off the tennis courts at the resort.  It wasn’t Dilford Bailey’s responsibility to have this done but with all the guest coming for the grand opening and knowing that the corporation had somehow slipped the ball on this task he had asked Darwood if he would mind doing this job for him and he had immediately volunteered to do it.  Darwood knew he was clumsy and cleaning off the tennis courts with an air blower seemed like a perfect task.  How could he screw up he thought as he had gotten the gasoline blower out of the maintenance shed where it rested on its own personal hook?  He checked the gasoline and oil mix, decided if was full enough and started to walk towards the courts.  He got around the edge of the swimming pool and had his first calamity.  A water hose, lying in the grass, being used to top off the level of water in the pool would've posed no problem to anyone else, but Darwood was Darwood.  He stepped carefully over the bright yellow hose, placing his large foot slowly down on the bright green grass.  Unbeknown to Darwood, there was a sprinkler head, also bright green, hidden in the grass and it was still slippery from the early morning dew.  His size twelve foot landed squarely on the head and slipped just as quickly off.  This forward motion of his right foot caused Darwood to fall backwards and his arms went up and backwards as he tried to catch himself.  Unfortunately, the air blower was in his hands and the sudden motion caused the air blower to shoot upwards out of his hands and backwards toward the pool.  
Mrs. Wilson P. Farnham, of the Pennsylvania Farnhams, solid money and prestige for the last one hundred and seventy eight years in suburban Pittsburgh, was unfortunately walking her very expensive champion white toy poodle near the edge of the swimming pool, telling the dog what a delightful day it was here in sunny Florida, when the air blower left its orbit and splashed down, soaking Mrs. Farnham and her precious Princess Pia of Pittsburgh.  Mrs. Farnham’s five hundred dollar summer outfit and Princess Pia’s one hundred dollar grooming couldn’t have gotten much wetter if they had both jumped in, which of course was ludicrous for someone of their social standing.  Darwood, after regaining his feet, looked toward the pool just in time to see the mini tidal wave completely soak the lady and her dog.  He went running towards the two apologizing in short clipped sentences as he crossed the concrete decking of the pool.  Darwood’s large feet as usual got tangled up when he was trying to move too fast and he tripped over the end of the hose that was hanging over the edge of the pool.  He tried to catch himself but wound up diving towards the frightened lady and her dog and tackled them so quickly that all three went flying over the edge into the very wet water.
Darwood surfaced, sputtering as he gasped for air and looked straight up into the eyes of Dilford Bailey.
"Young man.  Could I please see you in my office after you're done with your morning swim?"
Dilford Bailey helped the elderly woman out of the pool and reached over and plucked up what looked like a very saturated mop head.  When he set it down on the concrete it shook and soaked Dilford like a morning shower.
"You will hear from my attorney Mr. Bailey.  I have never seen such foolishness."
Mrs. Farnham stalked off toward the resort, holding the wet dog in front of her like a soiled diaper and muttered in a tone so low that only the dog could hear her.
Dilford Bailey walked sternly towards his office in the main resort and looked back to make sure Darwood McKenzie was following like a soon to be punished puppy.


June 14, Saturday 10:34 a.m.
Poolside

Kathy Santos, wearing a not to modest florescent green bikini, stretched out on her stomach in the white vinyl chaise lounge and undid the small fastener on the back of her bikini top.  She pulled her shoulder length raven colored hair forward off her golden brown neck to fully catch the rays of the midmorning sun.  Her bronze colored back glistened with coconut oil she had hastily applied before she left her second floor room.  Kathy, striking looking in her early thirties, was always considered a beauty.  She won her high school homecoming queen title, was voted most attractive and most likely to succeed.  She was constantly being harassed by her friends to enter beauty contest but, always declined.  She felt beauty was only skin deep and it was superficial to elect people to different honors just because of their looks.  She had above average intelligence and wanted to make it in life with her brains not her looks.  Kathy went through many boyfriends during high school and many more when she went to college.  They were always trying to claim her as a trophy girlfriend and once they found out she was smarter than they were they usually bowed out of the relationship with some feeble excuse.  She wasn't interested in a serious relationship but, she would have liked more than one date with the same guy.
Mike Summers, standing at the opposite side of the gleaming azure blue Olympic size pool, winked at his twin brother Mark who was just coming out of the maintenance shed carrying a leaf net.  
“Well Mark,” he whispered”, she certainly spices up the scenery around the old pool, huh.”
“You got it, buddy.”  Mark replied in a hushed voice.  “She could eat crackers in my bed any day of the week.”
“How old do you think she is?”  Mike questioned.  “Maybe thirty-five?”
“I don’t know."  Mark stated.  "It's times like this I wish we were a few years older.  Eighteen just isn't appealing to a classy women like that."
"Oh, I don't know.  Remember the Graduate.  Dustin Hoffman was about our age in the movie and he nailed that older chick Mrs. Robinson."
"Yeah, but that wasn't real life."  Mark answered.  “No women that looked as good as that would have anything to do with kids like us, but we can sure dream, can't we."
"Well let's finish cleaning the leaves out of the pool and get back to reality with those two new girls that arrived yesterday.  I got dibs on that cute redhead, Sally.  She had nothing but admiration for these biceps of mine.  I can tell we're going to get lucky tonight." 
"That's fine with me, bro, I liked that brunette, Beverly, better anyway.  I could feel her eyes on me as soon as she got out of the car with her mother and her little brother yesterday.
The way those girls acted I think you are right.  We are definitely going to score tonight."
Mark and Mike Summers had been hired by the corporation to be part time lifeguards and part time maintenance personal.  They were one year younger than Paul Zangallio and had just recently finished their first aid training.  They graduated from high school in June and had planned to make some money working in the summer before they started college in the fall.  Though Paul had a baseball scholarship, both of the twins had received academic scholarships to the University of Florida because of their high scholastic scores and they both wanted to major in criminal law.  They came from a wealthy family and money was no object for their college educations but they were proud that they were able to obtain scholarships on their abilities.  They both could have lazied around during the summer but making their own money instead of sponging off of their parents gave them a sense of responsibility that they could carry into their future.  The twins were very hard workers and the corporation told them they would always be assured a job if for some reason their college plans did not work out.
Mark and Mike were well liked by their fellow employees and they both thoroughly enjoyed the sunshine and freedom of movement working for the corporation.  After they graduated from the University of Florida, they both planned to attend Stetson College of Law in Gulfport, Florida and open a partnership law practice in Tampa after they passed the Florida Bar.  When their practice was in full swing they planned to invest in a resort similar to the one they now worked for and enjoy the sunshine and fresh air whenever time allowed.  The boys in the meantime had what normal eighteen-year-old boys had on their mind and that was young women.  Someone to enjoy the formative years together with.  The twins had many girlfriends over their high school years but not any they had been serious about.  These two girls from out of town might actually change that and Mark and Mike Summers thought, oh well, might as well have as much fun as we can before we have to bury ourselves in our books.  You only live once.


June 14, Saturday 11:07 a.m.
Front entrance of hotel

The bright red convertible screeched to a grinding halt just past the ornate double doors at the front entrance and the acrid smell of the burnt rubber drifted from the three-month old Michelin tires past the assembled crowd of groupies and uniformed doormen.  The entire group of people startled by the sudden noise all turned just in time to get a more than ample peek at a very tanned, very shapely female leg emerging seductively from the opened driver's door of a new Mustang.  Tiffany Royal, star of movies and her own television series stepped slowly out of the car and left the door standing wide open.  She turned toward the crowd, carefully removed her very expensive sunglasses, and flashed an Emmy winning smile.  Hardly noticed by the excited throng of people, the passenger door had opened and an owlish looking forty-year old man had climbed out and had hurried around the back of the car.  
"Justin, be a dear and grab my makeup bag out of the trunk.  I have to definitely put on a new face before the flashbulbs start going off.  Find out from that beastly manager Dilly Baleford or whatever his name is where I can freshen up before my fans completely surround me.  I want to look especially radiant for Brandon Miles, my new co-star, in Desert Sweat.  I haven't seen him since we finished filming outside Palm Springs last month and I think that handsome young devil has a really big crush on me, of course who wouldn't.  I'm young, very gorgeous, with a sensational body and of course I am now filthy rich.  How could anybody resist that?  Now hurry up.  I don't want to get all sweaty in this Florida sunshine, it might even cause God forbid, wrinkles."
The crowd of people standing outside stared as Tiffany Royal walked toward the front door.  Justin Knowles, Tiffany's personal assistant, followed meekly in her wake pulling a large red suitcase on wheels.  The two doormen, one on each side of the large ornate doors stepped back and stood at attention as the movie star strolled past.  Once inside, the assistant hurried over to the front desk to obtain the location of the manager, Dilford Bailey.  The desk clerk picked up  the phone and after dialing several three digit numbers and having brief conversations with various individuals the desk clerk  told the assistant that the manager was in the bar seeing to some little problem and that he would be out shortly.  Justin Knowles nodded his thanks and walked briskly over to Tiffany and told her she would be taken care of very shortly.  Tiffany, in her usual impatient manner frowned and told her assistant to hand her a pen.  She might as well sign autographs while she waited, she thought, at least she would make her fans happy.


June 14, Saturday 12:20 p.m.
Main room of lobby

The two ecologists, Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham, dressed in tuxedos for the grand opening, were sipping spiked punch and smiling at the many guests that were milling around.  The crystal wine glasses that they were drinking from were of the finest quality and blended nicely with the elaborate decor.  The lavishly dressed people that walked past the two, all looked genuinely impressed at the entire setup and many scattered bits of conversation floated back to the men from around the room.
"This place reminds me of the Astor but, much more modern."
"I saw the same type of floral display when I was in that plush hotel in Paris.  This is simply breathtaking."
"Did you see all the video monitors?  This place is extremely well protected."
"The manager was very gracious with my husband.  I remember when he managed the Royal Titan in Chicago.  Everything was letter perfect."
Kevin leaned over to Bill and whispered in his friend's ear. 
"Let’s go for a walk Bill.  I think we need to talk."
Bill nodded his acceptance and the two men walked toward the back of the room.  The security guard stationed outside the rear of the building, waved at them as they opened the back door and walked out into the bright noonday sunshine.  Kevin and Bill walked slowly away from the single story section of the resort and glanced toward the tennis courts.
"You know Bill.  This place really did come out all right.  It is beautiful.  Ol' Tankinato actually pulled it off."
"Don't hold your breath, Kevin.  The grand opening isn't over yet.  I'm really worried that something terrible is going to happen.  Everything is too perfect."
"Look, you know I was just as worried as you were but we have had no reports of any problems with drainage, a sure sign that the earth is screwed up internally.  We have had no cracks in the foundations or walls.  Everything is peachy keen as far as we can tell geographically so, maybe it's time we walked back and enjoyed the party."
"I guess you're right, Kevin.  Something would have happened before now.  I’ll try to relax for a change.  We have one slight problem though.  When we snuck out the back entrance of the lobby our wives did not see us leave alone.  They probably think we snuck out with that fine looking Tiffany Royal for some very personal autographs."
"Don't flatter us Bill.  She would look right through us if there were a drink on the table behind us.  Our wives, I don't think we have to worry about."
The two men walked happily back toward the lobby, grinning in the warm breeze blowing in from the manmade lake.  The past three years kept the two men busy monitoring the construction of the resort and nothing alarming showed up.  The retainer by Hiruto Takinato paid to their company ensured the site be visited at least once every thirty days.  They continued to do ultra sound testing and were not pleased with the results but, they could not convince Takinato that there was any danger, even though their testing showed pockets of hollow spots in various places around the resort.  Takinato, always replied to their insistent warnings, the place had been stable for thousands of years and that he was doing a service to mankind by bringing such a lavish wonderful playground for the world to enjoy.


June 14, Saturday 12:22 p.m.
Inside the lobby

Hiruto Tankinato, the guest of honor, was feeling quite pleased with himself.  Huge turnouts for his grand openings always pleased him, and this was the best yet.  Most of the more than one thousand invited guests had already arrived and he had overheard bits and pieces of conversations about how great the resort was and how beautiful the lake and lagoon was.  There were many comments about the sparkling waterfall and the lush green courtyard.  Yes, this was definitely working.  He took one final look around the overcrowded lobby and decided to get a breath of fresh air.  Going out through the kitchen, he acknowledged the great chef Pierre Antone with a nod of his head and exited out the back door to the kitchen.  He found himself in the lushly planted courtyard and began wandering toward one of the two story wings of the resort.
After passing the main buildings, he arrived at the opening leading to the dock and marina.  The view of the beautiful blue lake was breathtaking from here and glancing in the other direction, he could see the top of the manmade mountain and the cascading waterfall.  Glancing back to the lake he saw, what looked like a white wooden boat with a very large man and a small boy in it obviously enjoying a fishing trip.  The construction kept Hiruto constantly on the run for the last three years and now he could finally take a break.  Various problems arose from the various contractors and Takinato felt he was responsible for all the decisions, no matter how small.  The boring of the tunnels for the pipes between the lake and the man-made mountain were put on hold while awaiting the arrival of Takinato's new mole machine that was six months late on delivery.  The earth machines to dig out the lake were held up by a strike up north at a plant that supplied the replacement blades on the front that moved the dirt.  
A satisfied smile on his oriental face, Tankinato walked toward the northern two story wing, dreaming of the simple life he had as a boy.  The pressures of business and the ruthless way he had to deal with his competitors took a lot out of a person, but on the plus side, he was filthy rich.  Oh well, we all have to sacrifice something, he thought.  He walked to the end of the building and heard a slight flutter above his head.  Hiruto Tankinato looked up and saw the resort flag waving in the breeze, a proud heaviness filled his heart.


June 14, Saturday 12:38 p.m.
Inside the main kitchen

The silver serving tray, highly polished for the lavish event, sat on the white Formica counter immediately bordering the double doors leading to the formal dining room.  Chef Pierre Antone imported from New York for the grand opening stood five feet back from his latest creation and softly whispered in his heavy French accent.
"Thees are especially manifico.  I am indeed a geenius.  I will be more famous then I already am.  I am zee greatest."
The hourderves were a pleasure to the even untrained eye and the chef was really competent at his job.  He created a showpiece whenever the mood struck him and with the important people attending this event the mood really had struck him.
Staring at his creation his eyes caught a little piece of pastry one quarter inch off from its appointed position.  He walked the several paces toward the counter and reached out gently to
rearrange his work of art.  The tray moved about six inches toward the end of the counter and Chef Antone jumped as if bit by a poisonous snake.
"Theese is impossible.  Do we have what the Americans call a poltergeist?  Why is my tray moving?"
The look of utter astonishment on his face immediately turned to horror as the entire counter disappeared.  He didn't have time to even scream when the floor beneath him suddenly collapsed and Chef Pierre Antone suddenly exited the cooking field forever.


June 14, Saturday 12:39 p.m.
Front driveway

The Harley Davidson Sportster motorcycle roared up to the double doors of the lobby and the rider and passenger quickly climbed off and the rider set the kickstand.  The rider, totally obscured behind the heavily tinted face shield motioned to the passenger to reach in the sidesaddle of the bike and get his brush out.  After the passenger unbuckled the leather strap, he reached in, pulled out a rosewood brush, and handed it to the rider.  The rider then pulled off his helmet and the girls that were gathered outside the doors gave a loud yelp.
"It's Brandon Miles!"  They said in unison and started to form a small circle around the movie star.
Brandon started brushing his long brown hair and smiled at his fans with a face sans the beard he had sported until 9:00 a.m. this morning.
"How are you girls doing?"  He questioned in his deep baritone which every girl in America would recognize.  "I hope you're doing just great.  I know I am.  Let's go inside and get some refreshments.  I'm really dry from the long ride over here."
When Brandon headed for the doors, the girls parted like the Red Sea and followed in his wake like the pied piper.  His best friend and bodyguard took up the rear and smiled at the girls that were already inside the lobby goggling at Brandon Miles.
After Brandon finished his third cup of punch, he looked around the lobby and spotted, his so called publicity stunt date, Tiffany Royal, approaching from the far side of the room.
"Brandon dear.  How are you?  Did you miss ol Tiffany since we finished filming?  I certainly hope so."
She leaned over and pecked him on the cheek and put her right arm through the crook of his left.  
"Tell me what you have been doing since we stopped filming.  I know you have been keeping extremely busy like me.  So what's new with you?"
"Cut the bullshit Tiffany," Brandon whispered in her ear.  "You know as well as I do, our agents just wanted for us to be seen together to promote the movie, but I don't have to like it."
"You mean you don't love little old me, Brandon.  All the healthy young men in America do.  Why should you be an exception?  But to tell you the truth, you're one hundred percent right.  I'm tired of all this Hollywood crap.  Why don't we go somewhere where we can talk?"
"You mean there is a human being beneath that glittery persona.  I thought you were all big time show off."
They wandered away from the admiring fans and were in a little alcove a few feet from the main lobby doors.  They looked up occasionally and smiled at the fans that would look over at them but mainly concentrated on each other.
"Listen Brandon.  I'm serious about this.  My real name is Alice McDermitt and I am really tired of all this crap.  I want to settle down and get married and have two point seven kids and have a house in suburbia with a station wagon and barbeques on the weekends.  I didn't think that this life could be so much of a strain on anybody.  When I met you on the set, I started seeing the real you.  Not the part you play.  You were so sincere away from the camera that I thought if I could get a chance to talk to you, I could tell you how I really felt and maybe you wouldn't throw rocks at me."
"You really surprise me Tiffany.  I mean Alice.  I didn't think there was a human behind all that makeup.  You really . . . "His words were stopped in midsentence as the whole lobby suddenly fell like a runaway elevator.  Brandon was knocked unconscious and Tiffany was hurled over backwards by the terrific force of the building falling.  When she regained her feet, she knelt beside Brandon and tears came to her eyes.  She thought maybe God is punishing me for being such a bitch.


June 14, Saturday 12:40 p.m.
Inside the lobby, main lodge

The ornate dark oak doors to the main entrance of the lodge were propped open on their little chrome stops allowing the influx of guests not to have to crowd to enter the elaborately decorated lobby.  The hotel manager, Dilford Bailey, stood at attention in his well-tailored tux, eyeing each person that entered the spacious room.  Bailey, being solely responsible for the entire grand opening ceremonies, did not want anyone of suspicious character to cause even a slight blemish in his painstaking preparations for what had been billed, "The Event of the Decade."
Evening gowns and tuxedos were the outfits of choice even though it was the middle of a hot summer afternoon.  Many of the guests were quite comfortable in this type of fashion because of their lifestyles.  There were many representatives of the state, excluding the governor because of an ill wife, and federal government along with several members of the royalty.  Anyone of influential means or important family heredity was definitely going to put in an appearance at this grand opening.  The Japanese multi-billionaire who financed the majority of the project was almost a household word and to miss an opportunity to show up at one of his gala parties was an almost certain social error.
The other employees were resplendent in their best hotel uniforms consisting of gold brocade dripping off the bell hops to the crisp starched white blouses of the maids.  The entire setup rivaled any of the best New York had to offer and the contingent of guests equaled or surpassed any high society gathering held in the big apple.
Dilford Bailey, with his normal scornful expression, greeted the guests with an air of inpatients unless, they were of the elite, super important.  These persons, either by wealth or high public profile, were catered to the minute they passed the doorway.  Dilford would snap his fingers at one of the many stationed bellhops and expect the important guest to be led to a pre-marked table setting and a waiter to be immediately summoned to get the drink order.  The manager's hawk like vision noticed two men, he had not seen come through the front doors approach the front desk.  Though they were dressed in tuxedos, they looked unnaturally out of place in the plush surroundings.  There was something crude about them but, he couldn't quite put his finger on it.  He started to walk toward the front desk when he saw one of the men pull a revolver out of his coat and point it at the desk clerk.  Just as Dilford Bailey opened his mouth to summon the security guard posted in the middle of the wall leading toward the front desk, he heard a gruff voice in his ear and felt a hard nudge in the area of his right kidney.
"Don't make a sound Mr. Manager sir.  I'd hate to blow a large hole in your back in front of all these nice people.  Just stand right where you're at and smile like I just told you a humorous story.  Let my partners finish their little job and we'll quietly walk out of here and no one will be the wiser, capice."
The sweat broke out on Dilford's usually cool forehead and he managed a very weak smile.  He didn't know how these idiots thought they could get away with this robbery in the middle of a room full of people but, so far they were.  This could really wreck his grand opening plans if word of this got out, so he vowed to himself to not cause a ruckus after the robbers left but to quietly notify his guards of what happened and let them deal with it very sedately.  After all his elaborate plans, no petty thugs would put a damper on his party.  Only God could do that, he hoped.


June 14, Saturday 12:41 p.m.
Reception desk, Main lobby

Paula Howard, her hands still raised over her head, plunged straight down when the floor gave way.  She had been hired just the week before as a temporary desk clerk for the grand opening.  Now, she thought as she regained her senses about her, while trying to stand up behind the now collapsed check in counter, I start a new job and I get robbed the second week I'm here and then the whole place falls apart.  This will look really good on my next job application.  Sometimes, you just can't win.  Paula, part time model, part time actress, 
The robbery, foiled in midstream by one of Mother Nature’s little "I will get even" tricks had collapsed as fast as the floor had.  Frank Medford and Carrie Petringelo had lost all thoughts of cleaning out the enormous safe very visible through the office door.  They now had one thought on their mind.  Saving their own skins.
Frank picked himself up and tried to look around the collapsed room.  Most of the emergency lights that were strategically placed around the building became dislodged from their locations near the ceiling mountings and were lying in or under the many piles of debris cluttering the room.  The light in the room was so dim that any object further than ten feet away was virtually completely hidden from view.  Frank looked down and saw Carrie unmoving on the lobby floor and he gave him a swift kick to his ribcage.
"Get up, you lazy asshole.  We've got to find our way out of here."
Carrie jumped up like he had been stung by a bee and rubbed his throbbing side.
"Why did you have to kick me Frankie?"  He whined.  "I didn't do anything to you."
"This is no time to play possum."  Frankie answered.  "We have to get out of here before the whole place collapses."
Frankie looked over the crumbled check-in desk and a puzzled look came over his face. 
"I wonder what happened to the desk bimbo?  She was right behind here the last time I looked."
Paula Howard had ducked back down behind the largest standing fragment of the smashed desk when she heard Frankie yelling at Carrie.  She had gotten on her hands and knees and crawled in the direction of the front doors.  She knew she had been dealing with some really bad dudes and she figured they were really going to be mad now that the robbery attempt had been canceled.  Paula continued crawling in the darkness until she realized she was out of voice range and she then stood up and ran toward the front of the building.
"Let's go Frankie, I’m scared.  I don't want the whole roof to fall on my head.  You said you wanted to get out of here.  Let's hurry up and go."
"Well, I just changed my mind."
"You said the desk clerk was gone.  How are you going to get the combination to the safe?  If we can't open it, there is no reason to stick around.  Come on.  Let's go."
"Will you wait a damn minute and quit all that yapping.  You sound like a six-year old kid on speed.  Look in that office for a minute.  Do you see what I see?"
Carrie strained his eyes in the very weak light and he could barely make out the safe against the back wall of the office.
"The door is open Frankie.  I can barely see it but, the door is for sure open."
"Yeah, I know.  The sudden drop must have popped it open.  We don't need the desk clerk now."
Frankie started walking around the collapsed desk and into the open door of the office.  He unbuttoned several of the lower buttons on his dress shirt and reached in and pulled out a canvas bag.  This will work quite nicely, he thought to himself.
"Hurry up Carrie."  He had turned around when he got to the safe and had seen Carrie still standing on the other side of the desk.  "We've got work to do."
The two men finished cleaning the currency and jewels out of the safe and were heading out the office door when the building sank a second time.  They were again thrown to the floor but, they recovered a lot faster than before.  They picked themselves up and headed in the same direction as the desk clerk.
The initial sinking of the lobby hadn't killed anybody that was in the main part of the building.  The second jolt, stronger than the first, crumbled the heavy peaked roof over the lobby 
and the death toll began to mount.


June 14, Saturday 12:42 p.m.
Pool side

Mike Summers sat on a thirty-pound cardboard barrel of chlorine inside the maintenance shed and passed the rest of the roach back to his twin brother Mark
"You know Mark, that Santos babe was really built.  Did you see the way she strolled past me when she walked back to her room?  I could really go for a lady like that."
"Put your ego back on the ground Mike.  That lady walked past you like that because she has class and all ladies with class walk that way.  She wasn't showing off for you and besides she probably thought you were me.  I'm the handsome one of this pair."
"Hey dope head.  We are identical twins or have you forgotten that.  Cripes!  What was that loud noise?  It sounded like it came from the hotel."
Mike jumped off the barrel and ran for the door and almost collided with his brother who had been leaning on the back wall of the shed.  Mike stopped in his tracks as soon as he cleared the doorway and was almost back ended by Mark who had hurried up behind him.
"Look at that Mark.  The whole hotel just sank.  I can't believe this.  The whole thing is gone.  Mark, what the hell can we do and what happened to all the people.  Oh my God, this is terrible."
"Come on Mike.  We've got to do something.  Let's see if we can find somebody to help.  There has to be some people trapped somewhere in that hole.  Wait, go back in the shed, and grab those ropes we have for closing off areas.  I know they'll come in handy.  I'll meet you in the driveway in front.  It looks okay from here.  Now hurry up and haul ass.”


June 14, Saturday 12:43 p.m.
Outside the lobby doors

Sally Backlin and Beverly Forham were staring past the swimming pool at the maintenance shed wondering when the twins would come back when, they were knocked to the pavement by a tremendous jolt.  The ground had buckled under their feet and an earthquake immediately came to both teenage girls' minds.  Suffering little more than a scraped elbow, Beverly quickly set up and asked Sally if she was alright.
"Yeah I'm fine Bev but, what the hell happened?  My God, look behind you.  The whole building is gone.  Where is everybody?  Where are our parents?  They were right inside the doors, but I don't even see the doors anymore.  What could have possibly happened?"
"I don't know Sally but, we have to get some help.  We have to find somebody.  We just have to do something."
"Oh look Beverly!  Here comes one of those boys now.  He'll know what to do.  He has to"
Mark Summers, ran up to the two girls and put both hands on his knees and bent over gulping in large breaths of air.
"Are you girls alright?"  He managed to squeeze out between breaths.  "Have you seen anybody else?"
"No!"  Beverly sobbed.  "We don't even know where our parents are.  You have to help us find them."
"Listen girls, as soon as my brother gets here we'll find your parents.  He's bringing some rope and we'll see what's going on.  Look at the size of the hole where the lobby was.  I can barely see the roof, but it doesn't look like the top fell in.  Don't worry your parents and everybody else will be safe.  All we have to do is climb down the hole and help them back out.  Everything will be fine."
Mark's eyes slowly misted over as he walked toward the gaping hole where the resort had stood.  Peering down into the hole he thought nobody could have lived through that tremendous jolt the buildings must have taken when they had rapidly sunk into the freshly opened earth.  The second floor wing of the resort was about fifty yards away and was now at ground level.  
Just when Mike came running up with three bright yellow coils of nylon rope the screams began.
"Help me.  Please dear God, somebody help me."
The female voice, shaking with fear, was soon joined by a chorus of others.  Distinguished from the rest was the plaintiff wailing of a baby not unlike the cry of a newborn calf.  
The helpless cries ceased for a moment as the ground abruptly shook again and this time the roof line disappeared from sight.  The pitiful pleas for help began drifting again towards the surface along with a tremendous cloud of earthy smelling dust.  The screams for help, about a third of the number before the latest jolt, were filled with pure terror that made the twins and both young girls shiver with fright.
Mark, shaking his fear off like a freshly washed dog, grabbed one of the ropes out of his brother's hand and ran towards the closest newly planted royal palm that was lining the driveway.
"Come on Mike and you girls too.  Let's tie the ropes to these trees and throw the other  
ends into the hole.  We've got to try to get those people out before it caves in any more."


June 14, Saturday 12:44 p.m.
Room 234

Steve Sidel, up since 5:15, fifteen minutes late of his normal waking time due to the overindulgence of too many drinks the night before, had just zipped the trousers of his charcoal colored suit when the floor fell away from his feet.  Banging his head on the side of the nightstand when he fell, he managed to regain his feet rather groggily by pulling himself up on the now very slanted double bed.  The room was in complete shambles, his still unpacked suitcases, now very unpacked, were stacked haphazardly along the doorway wall next to the self contained air-conditioning unit, its power source pulled away from the wall like a freshly severed umbilical cord.  The bathroom door, hanging on one hinge, was still swaying with a slight creaking noise.  The large double window, now shed of its thick earth tones drapery was at a sixty-degree angle from the frame but miraculously hung unbroken.  
Steve, reaching up with his left hand, felt his now throbbing forehead and could feel a gash about three inches long right across his left side hairline.  Looking at his open palm and fingers when he brought it away from his face, he saw his hand was completed covered in scarlet.  Staggering past the overturned day chair, he pulled himself into the bathroom and grabbed the extra roll of toilet tissue that had been on the back of the toilet but was now leaning against the white porcelain side of the motel tub.  Ripping away the paper wrapper he tossed it uncaringly down on the tile floor and held the entire unwrapped roll against his forehead.  The pain seemed to push inward and at least he could now try to think.  The blood not yet in his eyes soaked quickly into the homemade bandage and he began to wonder what kind of bomb had gone off.  He had not heard any loud bang but more of a muffled type explosion.  He decided the next course of action was to find out what was going on so he headed toward the door of the room and whatever he would find outside.
He tried to turn the doorknob but the handle was in a frozen position.  Putting the now blood soaked tissue roll on the floor next to the door he grabbed the handle with both hands and tried to twist it open.  It still wouldn't open so he stretched his right leg up on the air-conditioning unit and pulled himself into the now exposed window frame.  Reaching out, he pushed the window the rest of the way out and it crashed noisily onto the concrete walkway in the front of his room.  Jumping down to the walk, carefully avoiding the broken glass, he saw that the entire wing of the resort had sunk into the ground.  His second floor walkway was now even with the carefully manicured courtyard and the ground floor had completely disappeared.  Still not really realizing what had happened, Steve Sidel started making his way toward the now missing lobby.


June 14, Saturday 12:45 p.m.
Room 235

The warm needle spray of the hotel shower soothed Kathy Santos's stiff shoulder muscles as she hummed a song she had not heard since her childhood days.  The days in the penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue in New York City.  Her black nanny had sung many songs to try to bring a little happiness in an otherwise lonely childhood.  Her parents were big time socialites and they were away from home a lot more than they were there.  Having no siblings, Kathy had invented imaginary playmates, girls with names like Sissy and Patty and sometimes little boys named Sammy or Billy.  She managed to endure those lonely years without them having much effect on her blossoming teen years.  She had been sent to a very prestigious finishing school after high school and had turned into a very lovely, very mature, young woman.
She lathered her very tanned torso as she recalled the big turning point in her life.  She had been working in her parents' business, Santos Cosmetics, as a sales representative, when her world collapsed.  Her parents, on the way back from a convention in Puerto Rico, aboard their fifty six foot yacht, stopped to help a fellow boat that was flying a distress signal.  The boat turned out to be modern day pirates and they had boarded her parents' boat and tied the crew and her parents up while they ransacked the entire boat.  Not being satisfied with the abundant jewelry and cash that they found aboard, the pirates began executing the crew members one by one with a single shot in the back of the head.  The pirates left Kathy's mother and the female cook for last and then brutally raped both women before firing the by now merciful shots in the back of their heads.  This entire event was recorded on the video security cameras mounted on the boat and later sold to several sleazy tabloids around the world.
Kathy shivered as she recalled that terrible moment when she had been awakened in her motel room in the middle of the night by the phone call from the executive vice president who informed her of her parents' deaths.  She had been on a sales trip to Charleston, South Carolina and caught the first plane back to New York.  She had started working in the company as a gopher and worked her way up to sales representative, by her hard work not her parents' position and therefore, knew the company from the ground up.  When the board of directors met a week after her parents were laid to rest, they unanimously voted her president of the corporation, her being the sole heir, and having extensive knowledge of the workings of the entire company.  She achieved not only a personal success as president but was now regarded as one of the top women executives in the country.  She was at the resort to represent a new line of cosmetics that Tankinato wanted to start selling in Japan and she decided to stay a few extra days to take a little mini vacation that she was well entitled to.
The roar of the shower drowned out the first cracking sounds the west wall made as it started tumbling down, not unlike the nursery rhyme about London Bridge.  Kathy Santos did not realize anything was wrong until she shut off the water, slid the shower curtain back, and reached for her hotel issue white undersized towel.  She was looking at a very panoramic view of the lake, which was quite all right since she was in the last room on that end of the motel.  The big problem was she didn't have a window on that side of her room, especially in the bathroom.  Trying to hide her nakedness behind the skimpy towel, she darted toward the main room of her suite when the room buckled like a roller coaster.  Losing the towel, no big deal at this point she thought, she grabbed the bathroom door frame and rode out the sudden shaking of the room.  Regaining her wits, which she had always been very good at, she crawled over to the open closet and grabbed a pair of Levis and tee shirt which piled together on the now quite littered floor.  Pulling the shirt hastily over her head and squirming into the very tight fitting jeans, she regained 
her feet and headed toward the door determined to find out exactly what was going on.


June 14, Saturday 12:50 p.m.
The courtyard of the resort

Steve Sidel was about twenty feet away from the central sidewalk that bisected the lavish green courtyard, when he heard the scream.  Turning back toward his room he saw a very attractive lady outside the room next door to his.  She had her right hand on her mouth as if suppressing the scream that had already escaped her lips.  Her long brunette hair was dripping wet and plastered to her forehead giving her an exotic look, like she had just stepped from underneath a tropical waterfall.  The very tight denim jeans and bright white tee shirt which also was plastered to her body gave him the feeling that this woman just won the Miss International Wet Tee Shirt Contest.  She was looking down at something at the west side of what was left of the room she was in front of.  The entire side wall of the room was laying in a pile of rubble and it was at the base of this that her attention was focused.  He started to trot in the direction of the woman when she turned her back to the object she had been staring at and lost what must have been her breakfast.  Rushing up to her side he placed his arm on her shoulder and led her a few feet away to a concrete bench which somehow was still standing.
Once he had her seated on the bench, her shivering like being caught without a coat in a blizzard, he turned his attention back to what she had been staring at.  At first he could not believe his eyes at what he was seeing but then reality sunk in.  When the wall collapsed apparently, a man had been on the end of the building, doing what, he had no idea, but now the man would never have another idea.  The man's face had been completely skinned, caught supposedly by the aluminum gutter that fallen off the roof above him and just his eyeballs, nostrils and an open hole representing his mouth were left.  The skeletal look was bad enough but the worse part was the flag pole that had adorned the crest of the roof had came straight down through his mouth and out the back of his head still in a vertical position displaying the crest of the resort in a full color spectrum.


June 14, Saturday 12:51 p.m.
At the bar

Patrick Ramsburger was a very competent bartender.  He had been making drinks for his 
customers for over twenty two years and he was quite good at it.  His customers, over the years had always relished the fact that as soon as their drink was low or their cigarette needed to be lit, Pat was there.  He had an uncanny sense of when one of his customers needed something.  It was almost as if he had eyes in the back of his head.  He was mister efficient in the bar business.
The corporation had heard of Patrick Ramsburger's reputation and had written several letters trying to entice him to come to work in their new resort.  After several weeks of negotiation, they hit on the right amount of compensation and benefits and Pat packed his meager belongings and headed for the sunshine state.  He was tired of the cold weather in New York and he decided he would like to lounge around by the pool on his days off soaking up the Florida sun.  He had arrived four weeks before the grand opening and ordered all the necessary equipment and alcohol in order to stock the resort lounge for the big grand opening and a surplus to handle several weeks after.  He was on an unlimited budget, due to his explicit reputation and he wanted to make sure everything ran smoothly.
He hired two extra bartenders, one part time, and four cocktail waitresses to handle the expected cliental and the waiters and waitresses that worked for the restaurant would fill in the rush at the grand opening.  He was prepared, as always, for any emergency that could arise, or so he thought.  He had never heard of sinkholes in New York and now Patrick Ramsburger started to experience one first hand.
It started pretty simple.  The glasses behind the bar started to rattle.  He was a little perplexed at this but, he thought maybe a large truck was driving down the driveway, even though they had a delivery road.  When the glasses continued rattling, he thought maybe Florida had earthquakes, even though he had never heard of that but, he was a new resident and he didn't know that much about the area.  When the bottles behind the bar started toppling over he realized he might be in deep trouble and he looked around to see where the other employees were.  He saw a look of sheer terror in the eyes of one of the cocktail waitresses and before he could say anything to her the room fell in.
Patrick held on to the edge of the bar and rode it down like an elevator until the floor settled.  The bottles and glasses that had been neatly stacked were scattered on the floor behind the bar and the big mirror behind the bar had fallen and smashed with a shattering explosion.  The emergency lights came on when the power died and most of the lights were dislodged from their near ceiling mounts and were scattered haphazardly around the room.  There was a lot of screaming and cries of pain coming from the guest who had filled the lounge area and total confusion seemed to prevail.  Being of quick mind, he yelled for everyone to try to stay calm and help would soon be there.  This worked briefly until, the room fell another ten feet and the ceiling caved in.
Pat again tried to calm the patrons down but, panic had by now set in and utter chaos reigned.  He again looked around for any of the other employees but, by now he could only see frightened guests.  He walked around the edge of the bar, crunching on the broken pieces of glass and made his way to where he thought the emergency exit door should be.  A large section of the roof was laying directly in his path and he turned back toward the people lying on the floor closest to him and began helping people stand on their feet.  He wanted to open the emergency door and see what was happening outside the room but, this being cut off from him, he tried to calm as many people as he could.  He realized that whatever happened would not be isolated to this room and help was sure to be there as soon as possible.  He began gathering the people that were obviously in a state of shock into small groups and he finally located one of his cocktail waitresses who, looked no worse for wear at this sudden disaster and he told her to keep saying calming words to the people he had gathered into small groups, until help arrived.  
Pat Ramsburger then went back behind the bar and found an unbroken bottle of Kentucky Bourbon, peeled of the sealing label, unscrewed the plastic cap, and took a big pull on the bottle.  The warmness went immediately down his throat and a calming effect suddenly came over him. 
 He took another short pull on the bottle, shrugged his shoulders, and began looking for a way out of this hell hole.  He walked toward the front entrance and in the dim light he could see the roof had collapsed across the entire expanse of the lobby and they were trapped in the existing lounge area.  He walked back to where his waitress was playing nurse to about two dozen people and a warmness, similar to the whiskey, flowed through his veins.  Even in a time of crisis, he thought, the good in people is still there, even if they have no idea if they will be rescued, the strong will be strong.  He at that point, was happier than he had ever been in his entire life.  No matter what happens, some people will still be survivors.  With a smile on his face he walked over to the cocktail waitress and said a very sincere thank you, which puzzled her completely and began helping her calm the very scared people who had come to enjoy the grand opening and have a drink to celebrate.


June 14, Saturday 1:04 p.m.
Inside the corporate office

Walt Morgan, head of the security unit at the new resort, was retired from the Chicago Police Department after thirty adventurous years.  He retired as chief of homicide and received a gold pocket watch to match his gold detective shield that they had let him keep and they were stuffed in his underwear drawer beneath his pile of white socks in his double wide mobile home on the outskirts of Forest Glenn.  He had planned to do a lot of fishing and traveling after his retirement but his years with the police department kept him from totally relaxing.  Everywhere he went, he saw a suspicious character.  He knew a two-eleven was going to come down every time he entered a liquor or even grocery store.  It was in his blood so, he decided the only way he would be happy would be doing police work.  When he saw the ad in the newspaper advertising for security guards at the new resort, he jumped at the chance to again put on his shiny leather shoes and his Sam Browne.  He didn't apply for the head position but, after the corporate office reviewed his application, he didn't bother with a resume for a job as a security guard, they had called him up for a second interview and laid a lucrative position in his lap.  It was a lot better than he had wished for and he had ten full time and five part time guards under him.  Just like the old days.  He was the boss.
His office in the corporate office was quite plush.  Black leather chair with arms, a walnut desk with matching credenza and plush green carpeting.  The office had monitors on two walls that could focus on every location in the resort and was completely computerized.  He had his own secretary in a little alcove in front of his office and everyone called him chief.  Life was roses.  His assignment of men at the various entrances and other important locations had been reviewed by Datafuture, the designer of the security system, and had been approved with flying colors.  He was more than ready for the grand opening.  
Being a Saturday, his secretary was off and he was all alone in his office watching the monitors automatically changing from place to place.  He could see his guards at their assigned locations smiling and greeting the guest as they wandered around the resort taking in all the 
sights.  He was looking at the monitor in the kitchen when the chef suddenly disappeared from view.  It looked like the chef had slipped and maybe hurt himself.  The monitor stopped at waist level in the kitchen and he figured the chef had fallen to the floor.  He immediately got on the radio to the guard stationed outside the kitchen door and told him to check on the chef that it was possible he had been injured when he had slipped and fallen.  The guard told him he would check on the situation and report back promptly.  
Chief Morgan waited over five minutes and heard nothing back from the guard.  That is really strange he thought.  I should have heard from the guard by now.  He called the next closest guard, the one by the front desk and repeated the situation and asked him to check on what was going on as soon as possible.
The retirement benefits were very generous from the package Chief Morgan received from the Chicago P.D.  Unfortunately, the only benefit that the chief would get to use in the near future was the burial plan as the elaborate desk, credenza, chair, and plush carpeting and of course the chief disappeared when the entire corporate office building sank quickly beneath the surface of the earth.


June 14, Saturday 1:05 p.m.
Corporate office building

Becky McClellan was standing on the grass just outside the back door of the corporate office daydreaming as she stared at the majestic waterfall in the distance when, the entire building sank abruptly behind her.  There wasn't much noise, some slight glass rattling made her turn around, and the building completely disappeared from sight.  She could not even see any of the brown tiles on the roof.  Just a large hole remained where the building had been and as she stood frozen, completely transfixed at such a horrible sight the hole began spreading.  The edge closest to her began folding slowly under with the emerald green grass still attached almost like a blanket undulating in the wind.  She stood paralyzed, unable to back away from the approaching danger.  The sinking ground was within two inches of her firmly planted toes when an urgent barking broke the spell.  She immediately backed away from the hole and began running toward the manmade mountain in the distance.  She glanced behind her and was very relieved to see her savior, Bart the dog, keeping pace slightly behind her.
"Come on boy.  Follow me.  We'll go where we'll be safe.  You're such a good doggie.  You saved my life.  I'm going to cook you a big steak dinner when this is over.  If this ever, gets over."


June 14, Saturday 1:06 p.m.
Courtyard of resort

Steve Sidel touched the attractive brunette on the shoulder and began to speak softly to her when, she raised her tear streaked face and looked him directly in the eyes.  He was about to ask her if she was all right and that they should go and see if they could help the other people in the resort when he forgot what he was about to say and just stared back into her brown eyes.  He could see tiny flecks of green in her very dark eyes and he became tongue tied for a moment.  He regained his composure slowly and instead of laying out a rescue plan he put his hand under her chin and said.
"This might be the wrong time and the wrong place but, I think you are gorgeous.  Forgive me.  I'm usually not so straight forward like that and I really apologize if I embarrassed you but, I guess I couldn't help it."
 "Apology accepted."  Kathy Santos replied in a quiet voice.  The blush in her cheeks quite apparent.  "I appreciate the compliment but, you're right we have to go and see what we can do to help the others."
Her look of acceptance of him was a definite chemical reaction and he was pleased with himself that he was able to make her feel even half of what he had churning in his heart.  When this is over, he thought to himself, I have to see more of this lovely lady.  Well, true love can wait, he thought and then realized he had actually fallen in love at first sight.  He had heard of that happening but not to the tough Steve Sidel, mister no emotion, too involved in his work to worry about his love life.  Sure a date here and there.  A marriage that didn't work.  He thought he was destined for lonely ville and now his heart was tipsy turvey.  Oh well.  You never know.  It just takes a simple little disaster like a hurricane or maybe even a sinkhole, for his true emotions to blossom.  He didn't know what would happen in the future but, as soon as this mess was cleared up he was bound and determined to see what he could do to change his lonely lifestyle.
Kathy Santos had a warm feeling in the bottom of her stomach that she had never before experienced.  Man that guy is handsome and I really think he likes me.  I really hope that when this is over he'll still be as serious acting as he is now.  I can just see us together, walking down the beach, eating a quiet meal in a quaint little restaurant, making love all night long.  Gosh, I'm going off the deep end she thought.  I'd better cool it and just help him try to rescue some people.
Steve and Kathy walked rapidly across the courtyard, went around the large hole in the ground where the lobby use to be and went across the parking lot to where a small crowd was standing and asked the twin boys standing there what they could do to help.


June 14, Saturday 1:07 p.m.
In the parking lot

Connie Littlefield was awakened by the sudden jolting of the van.  She sat up and looked through the tattered curtains barely covering the rear windows.  The duct tape wrapped around her wrists and ankles prevented her from much movement but, she could still see out enough to know that the ground wasn't horizontal to the rest of the vehicle.  In reality, the back end of the van was teetering on the edge of a very large chasm and it was gently rocking back and forth barely maintaining its balance.  Her first thoughts were of survival so, she swung herself away from the rear of the van and headed in a slight hopping motion toward the side door.  Pushing down on the inside handle she managed to unlatch the door and then throw her weight at the still closed door.  Her momentum pushed open the door and she followed it out landing painfully on her left shoulder.  The minute she hit the asphalt, she rolled away from the body of the van and watched spellbound as it rocked one final time backwards and plunged end over end into to the dark hole.
Praying to her self, she began chewing on the duct tape wound tightly around her now swollen wrists.  She managed to rip through the top layer and began unraveling the tape with her teeth.  She put all thoughts of pain out of her head as she quickly spit out the remaining strip of tape and began rubbing her sore wrists.  The needle and pins affect on her hands began to diminish so she reached down and began peeling the tape off her equally numb feet.
Free from her bounds, Connie looked around her and saw a small group of people gathering in the front parking lot.  They all seemed to be looking down at another large hole perhaps one hundred yards away from where she sat.  She got slowly to her feet, still dazed from her adrenaline rush away from the van and began walking toward the small crowd hoping she would not encounter that monster Frankie or his weird sidekick Carrie.  A pretty young brunette looked up as she approached and said something to an attractive redhead standing next to her.  Both girls began hurrying toward the Indian girl with sincere compassion on their faces.
"Oh miss."  Soothed the brunette.  "You look all banged up.  Come over here and we'll see what we can do to help you."
Beverly Forham gently put her arm around Connie's shoulders and lowered her arm to the middle of her back when, she noticed how Connie winced where she touched her.  Sally Backlin led the two of them over to the nearest royal palm and helped Beverly carefully lower her down so her back could rest against the trunk.
"What happened here?"  Connie managed to squeeze out between the now beginning sobs.  "Why are there big holes in the ground?  What's going on?"
The pushed aside pain began assaulting her like artillery attacks and she wrapped herself in a semi fetal position pushing herself backwards toward the base of the tree.  The sobbing became full-time as the redhead began to try and sooth her.
"We don't really know.  It must be some kind of sinkhole or something.  The only thing important right now is that you seem to be okay.  We have to leave you now to help the boys try to rescue the other people.  Just sit here where you'll be safe and we'll come back and help you as soon as we can."
Sally and Beverly turning away from the shivering Indian girl, rushed back to the edge of the hole where the twins were tying the yellow ropes to the other trees surrounding the hole and throwing the ends down toward the collapsed building.  The screams of the trapped people were turning into more moans than calls for help and the plantiful cry of the baby had seized  
altogether.


June 14, Saturday 1:08 p.m.
Base of mountain

The man made mountain was a miracle of modern technology.  The one hundred and twenty-foot majestic waterfall was completely computer controlled, from the rate of descent to the precise amount of back splash in the lagoon.  This sparkling spectacle was engineered to please even the most diehard nature lover with its realism.  The surrounding rain forest, the tops of the trees swaying in a simulation of a soft island breeze, even emitted jungle sounds that would fool a real South American hunting guide.  The power plant, completely hidden from public view deep in the bowels of the mountain, was soundless on the surface and contained innovations completely new to the self-producing energy field.  The entire project, solely designed by Datafuture was a closely guarded secret and other companies had even tried to infiltrate spies in order to learn the processes that would upscale many of the world's great amusement parks.  The security, heavily financed by Tankinato, was completely effective and the other companies could only hope for a disgruntled employee to show up on their doorstep one day.
The lake maintained a constant level even in the event of heavy rains or extreme drought by a series of specially located sensors around the shoreline and the filtering of the water was so pure that any algae or bacteria was chemically treated before it could spread.  The water level was adjusted by the removal or adding to the underground water table by a series of massive pumps also hidden in the mountain.
The entrance to the mountain was hidden by well placed manmade boulders on the east end and that is where Rebecca McClellan and Bart now headed.  Becky didn't know what was causing this sudden shifting of the earth around her but after watching "The Wizard of Oz" at least fourteen times and after hearing about cold war fallout shelters from her parents when they were reminiscing about the fifties and sixties, she figured the best place she could go was somewhere very stable and the manmade mountain seemed to fit the bill.  She pressed the entrance button built into the side of the doorway and was thankful of the whirring sound the door made when it slid open.  The power plant, being self-contained she had reasoned, would probably stay on during a category five hurricane, and a feeling of relief washed over her when the door slid slowly shut behind her.
Feeling quite a bit safer now that she and Bart were surrounded by steel reinforced heavy duty walls she began wondering about her parents and her friends.  Bart, sensing her anxiety, put his paw out in a gesture of utter devotion for his human pal.  The tears that had begun welling up in her eyes slowly dwindled as she realized that there was still hope for the world, even if a dog was the one that had brought that reality back to her.
"You are right Bart.  We can make it no matter how rough it gets.  You are truly man's best friend or in this case, woman's best friend.  Let's go up to the top of the mountain and look out that little observation port they put in.  We will be able to see the whole area and maybe find out what is really going on."


June 14, Saturday 1:10 p.m.
County Sheriff's office

The switchboard lit up like a Christmas tree for more than ten minutes.  The calls, many garbled, had two things in common.  They were all frantic and all came in from cellular phones.  The regular phone lines, fourteen in all, routed through the office in the lobby, had been severed in the first sinking of the building.  The callers, half male and half female, were disoriented and had no clue what was happening, other than they were in a dark area surrounded by hundreds of other people and they had no idea how to get rescued.  Finally, a call came in that was steady in nature and explained a lot better of what was actually going on.  The voice was of a young male who said he was walking on the edge of the lake when all the buildings had suddenly disappeared.  He explained that he was a life guard, off duty at the time, and that it looked like a massive sinkhole had struck the area.  He was calling from one of the resort supplied cell phones that he had forgotten to return at the end of his shift.  He very anxiously stated that many rescue vehicles were needed and that he could not find his girlfriend.  
The sheriff, Ralph Slocum, taking over the switchboard from his startled dispatcher, asked for the caller's name for the sole purpose of calming the alarmed youth down.
"My name is Paul Zangallio, sir and I'm awfully worried about all the people here."
"Don't worry son."  The sheriff soothingly replied.  "I'll get you some help out there right away and everything will work out fine.  Just keep calm and stay on the line while I alert all the people I need to." 
The sheriff, picking up the radio transmitter, yelled loud enough to be heard throughout the county office building.
"Paul, where the hell are you?  I need you out at the new resort right away.  Pick up 
anybody you see on the way and carry them out there to help you.  We have us a real life disaster happening right here in our county.  I am going to call the governor's office and the hospital but I need you out there to straighten out whatever you can.  Hurry up boy."
"I got your message sheriff.  It's that robbery I predicted isn't it.  I was right wasn't I?"
"Don't get on your high horse Paul.  It sounds like the whole place has caved in.  Just get out there and help all you can.  I'll be out there as soon as I make my calls.  Now hurry up."


June 14, Saturday 1:11 p.m.
In the front parking lot

The small group that gathered in front of what used to be the lobby entrance was composed of the twins Mike and Mark Summers, the two teenage girls Beverly Forham and Sally Backlin, the lost Indian Connie Littlefield, and the new found couple Steve Sidel and Kathy Santos.  The twins were tying the yellow nylon ropes around the closest Royal palms and had just started tying the third one when they heard someone shouting at them from back by the tennis courts.
"Hey guys.  We don't really know what's going on but we're coming over to help out."
Kevin Backlin and Bill Forman were jogging across the green lawn toward the small crowd of people and Kevin was trying to comfort them as best as possible with his shout of the calvary of two were coming.
"Oh daddy you're safe."  Blended out of the two girls' mouths simultaneously."
"We thought you were trapped underground with mommy."  Cried Sally Backlin.
"Yeah, we thought you were down there."  Echoed Beverly Forham.  "I'm so glad you are all right.  We just have to get mother out of that hole.  I hope she's not hurt.  I'm so worried about Sally's mom too.  What can we do?  We just have to help them."
"It's ok Beverly.  We'll get everyone out safe.  Right Kevin."
"Yeah girls.  Don't worry.  Everyone will be just fine."  Assured Kevin Backlin.
"Listen men.  I just got here but I have an idea."  Suggested Steve Sidel.  "I think these boys have a fantastic idea of dropping the ropes down so we can pull the people up but, from the sounds I hear I think some people will be to weak or hurt to try to make it up the ropes.  I think we should find some ladders and maybe some wood and make some kind of makeshift ramp to pull these people to safety.  I don't think we have much time before maybe we'll have more collapsing of the ground and the deeper it goes the harder it will be to get the people out of there."
"That's a good idea mister but, I wonder where we can find any wood?"  Questioned Bill Forham.
"There is a big pile of new lumber behind the maintenance shed that they were going to use for building a storage area for the new lawnmowers that are on order.  There are also two extension ladders hanging on the back wall of the shed that we used to clean the gutters of the second floor wing."  Mark Summers enthusiastically suggested.  "Mike and I could grab the ladders and the girls could carry the boards over one by one."
"That's a great idea.  See if you can find some nails and a hammer while you’re over there and maybe we can build something stable enough to help those people out of this hole.  If you two gentlemen can shimmy down these ropes with me maybe we can start helping some people out of the pit of hell they are in.  Ok?"
"That sounds good and by the way my name is Kevin and this is my partner and best friend Bill.  Our wives are trapped down there and we really want to climb down and see what is going on.  Right Bill?"
"Yeah, you're right Kevin but, I think we ought to send one of the girls to see if they can locate Jack and Billy, by they way, they are our sons and I think they are probably scared as hell by now."
"Of course.  You need to know where the rest of your family is and my name is Steve and my friend's name is.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I don't even know your name."
"It's Kathy and I think I will go with one of the girls to try to find their brothers.  They might need whatever help I can offer.  I'm sure they are really frightened and an adult may calm them down a little easier."
"Well, we all have our jobs.  We better get moving.  There is no telling when the official rescue people will arrive but, I have a feeling time is running short."
"Steve, I hate to alarm you but my partner Kevin and I did sound testing on this area and it is honeycombed with caves and I think this is only the beginning of our problems.  The ground could cave in anywhere and fall a lot further in the areas it already has."
"What idiot would have built a resort on a potentially dangerous piece of ground anyway?"  These words from Steve Sidel were lost in the air as he grabbed one of the ropes and started sliding down toward the still exposed roof of the lobby.
Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham were right behind him each sliding down a rope of their own.  When they reached the roof of the lobby one story down in the hole a new surge in the ground dropped all three men to their feet but, they all managed to hold on to their respective ropes and maintained their balance on top of the collapsed building.  They could see a jagged hole in the barrel tiles of the roof and they all climbed precariously over to the opening and peered down into the darkness.
The twins in the meantime ran in the direction of the maintenance shed to grab the ladders and any nails and hammers they could find.  Sally decided to look for the boys and Kathy ran toward the lake directly behind her praying silently that they would find them safe.  Beverly in the meantime shook Connie Littlefield's shoulder and asked her if she was able to help carry any boards back to the hole.  Connie nodded her head in agreement and stood up and followed  Beverly in the wake of the twins.


June 14, Saturday 1:14 p.m.
Edge of woods

The high branches of the slash pines swayed rythmatically in the brisk summer breeze like pale green pom-poms applauding the latest touchdown of the local high school team.  The parasitic Spanish moss hung tightly to the rough bark limbs not unlike baby opossums not wanting to lose their life support systems.  The rustling of oak leaves and paper type clatter of the abundant palmetto bushes created a forest symphony but the muted screams of human agony spoiled the naturalistic melody for many hours to come. 


June 14, Saturday 1:22 p.m.
Inside the marina office

Otis Sherman was knocked unconscious when the marina office first dropped into the sink hole.  He was still unconscious when it fell another twenty feet and was just regaining his senses when the building sank a third time.  The first initial drop had dislodged one of the rough sawn cypress beams from the roof.  This beam grazed the back of Otis's head and sent him into slumber land.  The second drop tilted the building at a sixty-degree angle and the upright beer cooler came crashing down on his prone legs crushing both mercifully while he was still unconscious.  As he awoke, he felt a tremendous pain in both legs and was trying to familiarize himself to his newly arranged surroundings when he heard a large cracking noise.  The part of the building facing the lake plunged completely away from the part Otis was trapped in and that’s when he heard the deafening sound of water roaring into the space where the building had been.  Daylight was visible above the hole where the water started rushing in and he realized that a large crack had formed between where the marina office was and the lake.  With horror he saw the hole rapidly filling with lake water and he would soon be completely submerged.  He began praying forgiveness for all the sins he had committed even though he couldn't really thing of anything he had done to wrong anyone in his complete life.  Still, he didn't want to go to heaven being a sinful person and he prayed for his dog Bart and anyone else who might be trapped like he was.


June 14, Saturday 1:25 p.m.
Middle of lake

"Hey dad!"  Yelled Todd Finley.  "What's happening on shore?  The resort just disappeared.  I don't see the marina either.  What do you think happened?"
"I don't know son."  Jeff Finley answered as he turned his head toward shore.  "Whatever it is, it looks very spooky.  I don't see how the whole place could vanish.  Wait, the second floor is still there but, it looks a lot lower than it was.  You know I bet it was a sinkhole.  I heard a lot of rumors in town about how this place was honeycombed with caverns before they started building and they had just ignored the warnings of two engineers who had predicted something like this was going to happen.  I guess those two environmental guys were right.  Something certainly is happening now."
"What should we do dad?  We need to go see if we can help those poor people.  Oh dad, this is terrible and I wonder if my dog friend Bart is all right.  He is such a neat dog.  Isn't he dad?"
"You're right son.  We need to see if we can help.  I'll start the motor and we'll head right in."


June 14, Saturday 1:28 p.m.
Inside the manmade mountain

Rebecca McClellan stared intently out the porthole on the top of the manmade mountain, at the carnage that lay below.  The porthole wasn't round like in a cruise ship but, was actually rectangular in shape and was constructed of heavy one way glass.  The outside was disguised by an overshadowing of lush plant life and its reflective surface was made to look like mica in the mountain wall.  The image that Becky was seeing through the glass looked like a bomb riddled village after a vicious aircraft attack.  She could see large holes where buildings once stood and as she continued looking around some of her fear abated when she spotted her boyfriend Paul Zangallio standing near the edge of the lake where the marina used to be.  There were two other people standing next to him and she recognized them as the people from the television station here to do a special interest story on the resort.  She had earlier told Marcia Meadows how much she enjoyed watching her Monday night show because it was always about something very interesting to the average person.  Becky told her how beautiful she looked on the show but she was even better looking in person because the TV didn't do justice to her vivid violet eyes.  Marcia Meadows thanked her before she had left the corporate office and said that she thought Becky was a very attractive young lady, very business like, and she was more than welcome to visit her at the TV station anytime, for a very special guided tour of how the station worked.  Becky had been very pleased at the invitation and told her she would be overjoyed to do that but, she would call before she came to make sure Marcia would be there.  She suddenly noticed and a look of sheer terror came to her face, the place where the marina had stood was slowing filling up with lake water from a large crack that had formed from the lake to the hole the marina was now in.  She knew that Bart's owner Otis was probably still in the marina office and then she saw Paul and the other two looking down in the hole and waving their arms.  It looked like they were yelling even though it was silent inside the mountain.  Becky loved Otis like a grandfather, he was always so nice whenever he came into the corporate office with his weekly reports and supply requisition forms and he never failed to bring her a little gift from the snack or soda machine.  She prayed that nothing had happened to him and she quickly decided on a course of action in case it had.  Her young mind was very sharp and her retention capabilities very strong.  Working in the corporate office as long as she had, she was very knowledgeable about the workings of the lake recovery system.  That really nice guy from Datafuture, Steve Sidel, had even shown her the actual workings of the system and how the computer software handled everything automatically.  Knowing that the system was not manned in the control room because an alarm system was set up to flash on the corporate computer screens if a malfunction occurred she hurried away from the observation port with Bart right on her heels and took the spiral staircase steps two at a time.  She was out of breath by the time she reached the ground floor but, went ahead at a full run to the door of the control room and twisted the knob with sweat slippery hands.  She finally managed to turn the knob and pushed the door open and ran over to the central keyboard of the lake equalizing computer system.  She didn't bother to sit in the leather executive chair but, pushed it out of the way and logged onto the computer with her own code number.  The system allowed her in without any delay and she used the mouse to select the icon for the pumps that would lower the water level.  She activated the normal pumps for lowering the surface of the lake and kicked on the two auxiliary pumps, She deactivated the sensors that would turn on the pumps to bring water back out of the aquifer to replenish the diminishing level and pressed a manual hold button to prevent the system from kicking back to automatic.  She breathed a sigh of relief and as she ran back out the door to head for the lake she kept praying that she was in time to stop the flow of the lake into the marina office.


June 14, Saturday 1:37 p.m.
On the main highway at the resort entrance

Deputy Paul Johanson locked up his brakes and slid he thought, very skillfully into a diagonal stop blocking the front entrance to the resort.  He left just enough clearance on the right shoulder of the asphalt road for the emergency vehicles to get through but, he figured nobody but a complete fool would attempt to go around a sheriff's car with its blue lights flashing.  He had just stepped out of the car, radio mike in hand, when rookie deputy Nelson Howirth pulled up even with his patrol car blocking the path he had left open for the emergency vehicles.	
"Only a fool."  He whispered to himself and then loudly barked at the rookie.  "What the hell are you doing blocking the part of the road I left open, you nimrod.  The fire trucks have to get by and what are you doing here?  I thought you were checking on the theft over at old man Bailey's hardware store."
"Shoot Paul.  I'm just here to help.  I heard the call from the sheriff when he radioed you and I had just finished with my report of the petty theft so I thought I'd come see what I could do to help",
"Well ok Nelson.  We'll need all the help we can get.  I'll tell you what I want you to do.  Climb out of that car and come stand over in front of mine.  I want you to keep everybody and I mean everybody out of the resort until we get this mess straightened out.  Only let the fire department, other law enforcement people, and ambulances in.  From what I can tell we have a real mess in there and I don't want a bunch of townspeople or tourist getting in the way of the rescue operation.  I'm in charge until the sheriff gets here so, I am going to take your car and drive on into the resort and see what I can do to help till the reinforcements arrive."
"I'll do a good job Paul.  I can keep everybody out.  I learned all about crowd control at the academy and I know I can handle it.  You go on and I will be really tough to anybody not allowed in."
"All right, I'm out of here.  Radio me if you have any problems.  I'll have my hand-held so you can get me at any time and be sure to call me when the sheriff pulls up.  "Paul Johanson ran over to the still idling patrol car, threw it in drive, and blasted down the driveway with the acrid smell of burning rubber drifting back toward the rookie who was obediently standing in front of the other car.


June 14, Saturday 1:38 p.m.
In the woods

Billy Forham and Jack Backlin had tired of their fishing adventure, they had a grand total of zero bass to show their parents, and had wandered into the lush green woods past the boulder where Bart had entered the woods on Friday.  They came to the hole that had frightened the dog but, the hole was no longer the size of a manhole cover.  It was approximately ten feet across and had already swallowed two young oak trees by the time they approached it.  Not knowing the hole was any larger than it had been several days previous, they walked up to the edge and peered into the inky blackness.
When they had tired of fishing, they turned their makeshift fishing spears into makeshift hunting spears and entered the woods with the thought of bagging a big game animal.  Lion, tiger, or bear, it didn't matter.  They were brave warriors who would defeat any foe they happened to run across.  Billy raised his spear in the air above the hole and loudly boasted.
"Oh mighty dragon.  We know this is your lair and we, the royal knights of, of.  Hey Jack.  What kingdom are we from?"
"The Kingdom of Smallwich, in the land of Smallville."
"That's stupid Jack.  How about the Kingdom of the United States in the land of the free."
"That's even dumber.  We need a really neat kingdom to be from."
"Okay, how about, we are from King Arthur's Court and we are Knights of the Round Table."
"I guess that will do if you can't think of anything better."
"Yeah, we will be really brave knights.  Here I go again.  Oh mighty dragon, we are from King Arthur's Court and I am the fearless Sir Bill, defender of the innocent.  My fellow knight, Sir Jack, and I will hunt you out and save the lovely princess from your clutches.  What do you say dumb dragon?  Give up and we might let you keep your head."  
"Yes, you stupid dragon, I Sir Jack, have killed many, many dragons over the years and we will fight you to the death unless you release . . .”
Jack and his words fell into the hole as the ground beneath him gave way.  Before Billy could back away from the edge he was standing on, his side folded under and he was tumbled down into the darkness behind his pal Jack.
The slight wind rustling the leaves was the only sound in that part of the forest and a soft dust settled slowly around the edges of the hungry hole.


June 14, Saturday 1:48 p.m.
At the resort entrance

The ramshackle faded red truck with dull white stenciled letters down the side proclaiming “Forest Glenn Volunteer Fire Department” creaked slowly around the parked patrol car belonging to Paul Johanson and began to speed up as soon as it was clear.  Its weak siren began its mournful wooing as soon as it was underway again and rookie deputy Nelson Howirth gave the thumbs up signal to the volunteer fireman hanging on the back looking like he would much rather be somewhere else.
Deputy Howirth, five foot eight with black, hair worn in a military cut, knew it would be probably ten minutes before the fire and emergency trucks from Lakeland would arrive due to the report he received from the dispatcher that had taken over for the sheriff when the sheriff left the office.  The town of Forest Glenn’s only ambulance had already gone past him and he expected the sheriff any minute.  He thought to himself that this was kind of exciting but, he would much rather be right at the scene of the action.  He daydreamed he was rescuing maidens in distress and becoming a national hero.  He saw himself receiving an award from the President and being asked to be a guest on all the talk shows.  While he was still in his Walter Mitty dream sheriff Ralph Slocum pulled up next to the parked patrol car and rolled down his window.
“Well Nelson, any news from inside?”
“No sir.  No one has left and just the fire truck and ambulance from Forest Glenn have gone past me.”
“The National Guard is being assembled in Tampa and will be here in a few hours and you should hear a helicopter or two arriving shortly.  Just make sure you don’t let anybody not involved in the rescue effort past you.  We can’t afford anyone running around getting hurt just because they wanted to sightsee.  Stand guard here until I can get someone to relieve you, ok?”
“Sure sheriff, piece of cake.  Go rescue those poor people in there.


June 14, Live again
Forest Glenn, Florida

"We again interrupt our regularly scheduled show in progress here on channel seven WWBD for another breaking bulletin on the devastating sinkhole happening in central Florida."
"This is Wendy Wikowski, on the scene, outside the town of Forest Glenn.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have just joined us, this is live from what is believed the largest sinkhole ever to hit the western hemisphere and perhaps in the entire world.  There are hundreds and hundreds of people trapped beneath the ground and still no word on the number of casualties there maybe.  I have just got a report that a deputy from the county sheriff's office has been critically wounded by one of the gunmen holding hostages inside the sunken lobby.  WWBD will continue breaking in with news reports as they occur, and now to return to the show in progress."
Wendy Wikowski set the microphone gently down on the hood of her car and turned back to the camera man and gave him a huge smile.  She could tell by his reaction that the segment had been a good one.  Broadcasting live was sometimes very tricky and she knew she was pulling off this one ok.  Her mind wandered back to what she was doing when the news of this disaster first reached her.  Wendy had been driving down County Road Thirty Seven eating crackers when her cell phone had rung.  She had stopped the peanut butter filled cheese cracker halfway to her mouth and laid it carefully on the passenger seat of the company sedan, picking up her cell phone on the second ring and answered.
"Hello Wikowski here."  She had clearly directed into the phone.  "What can I do for you?"
"Wendy.  This is Marcia.  I'm over at that new resort and the shit has hit the fan."  She recalled hearing her best friend's frantic voice.  "Ted Brumfield and I were over by the lagoon and Ted was getting some really good footage of the fantastic waterfall for my Monday night show when the whole resort collapsed.  There are hundreds of people tapped in this gigantic sinkhole and the rescue teams aren't even here yet.  I know this is your type of story, so get over and you scoop all the other stations.  This will definitely go national and CNN will be here before 
you know it.  How close are you anyway?" her friend had asked.
Wendy had replied in an excited voice, "Marcia, I'm almost to Green Swamp Wildlife Management Area to do the follow up on that body they found yesterday but, this sounds much bigger.  I'll catch highway 98 right past the Swamp and I can be there in less than twenty minutes.  Are you and Ted all right?  You're not too close to the sink are you?"
Marcia Meadows had replied quickly to her questions.  "We're fine Wendy but, we are going a lot closer, to see if we can help.  It is utter chaos over here because nobody seems to be in charge.  I heard from a lifeguard that we ran into when we ran back toward to lake that he had gotten hold of the sheriff in Forest Glenn and they were going to send out the National Guard.  I just hope they make it in time before these holes get any bigger.  Hurry up and we'll see you when you get here.  Now take care."  She had warned her.


June 14, Saturday 1:49 p.m.
Edge of lake

Paul Zangallio, Marcia Meadows, and the cameraman Ted Brumfield were walking along the edge of the lake approaching where the marina office had stood when Paul stopped at the edge of the newly formed hole and peered intently down into the gloom.  All three noticed the lake began pouring into the hole and Paul wondered what happened to Otis.  Marcia Meadows saw the quizzical look on Paul's face and remarked.
"What seems to be the trouble?  You don't think anyone is down there do you?"
"I don't know."  Paul replied in a shaky voice.  "I just know that Otis who runs the marina, was in the office less than one hour ago and frankly I'm worried that he's still in there somewhere."
"No offense kid."  Stated Ted Brumfield.  "But I don't see how anyone could have lived through the collapse of that building.  It is literally torn in half."
"Well, all I know is, that is the last place I saw Otis and he is a tough old bird.  If anyone could survive a crash like that it, would be Otis."
"Can you see anything?"  Offered Marcia.  "It sure looks dark down there."
"I think I see his legs.  The beer cooler is laying on its side but it looks like there is a pair of shoes sticking out from under them but, it is filling up with water so fast I can hardly tell.  Hey Otis.  Are you down there?"
"Is that you Paul?"  Came a very weak voice from down in the hole.  "I'm trapped down here and the water is getting ready to cover me over.  I can't move my legs so I guess it's time to say goodbye.  I love you boy and your girlfriend Becky.  May God be with you?"
"Don't give up Otis.  We'll get you out of there.  Just give us a couple of minutes."
"Listen son."  The voice a lot weaker now.  "The water is up to my chin.  Don't waste your time on an old man like me.  Go save someone who hasn't lived their life yet.  Just say goodbye to Bart for me and you and Becky take care of him for me.  He likes you two a lot."
"Don't be silly Otis.  We'll get you out of there."  The unsure ness was very apparent in Paul's voice but he wanted to be brave for Otis.  "We'll have help in a moment.  Ok?"
There was no reply from the hole and Paul Zangallio's eyes began to well up with tears.
Becky ran up to Paul at that moment and shakily asked.
"Otis is trapped down there isn't he?  Oh what can we do?  We have to save him.  We just have to."
As Paul looked into Becky's eye with a look of total sorrow, Mark Summers came running up with an extension ladder in his hands.
"I saw you guys looking down in that hole.  I figured Otis might be in trouble and Mike is putting the other ladder in the place where the lobby was so, I thought you might could use this ladder over here."
"I turned on the pumps to lower the lake level, Mark.  I just hope it was in time but, we can't hear anything from Otis now."  Becky volunteered.
"Come on Paul.  Let's go down there and see if we can help him.  You also, if you will."  Mark gestured to Ted Brumfield.
"Sure anything I can do to help."  Replied Ted Brumfield as he helped Mark Summers lower the ladder down into the hole.
The ladder wasn't all the way in place when Paul Zangallio started climbing down.  He reached the bottom of the ladder and he was knee deep in warm lake water.  He started sloshing his way toward the back of the hole and heard the other two starting to splash behind him.  All three reached the edge of the fallen down beer cooler but couldn't see Otis because the water level was almost half way up the cooler.  Paul waded around the top side of the cooler and bumped into something under the water.  He reached carefully down into the murky water which had finally stabilized in height and found Otis's head.  Slowly lifting his face clear of the water he bent down and pressed his lips against the old man's and tried to breathe life back in the cold compressed lips like he had learned in his CPR training as a lifeguard.  He got no response from Otis but, continued even though he felt totally useless.  In the meantime, Mike and Ted managed to shift the heavy beer cooler off the prone body of the old man with the help of the buoyant water.  Paul was sobbing to himself.  "Come on God dammit breathe.  You can't quit now."
A gagging, coughing sound all of a sudden emerged from Otis mouth and he opened his eyes and looked up at Paul.
"What's the matter boy?  You didn't think they could kill an old goat like me did you?"
The tears that came to Paul's eyes were now tears of joy and he yelled up out of the hole.
"Hey Becky.  Otis is all right now.  He's going to be just fine."
The small group began wading through the water cradling Otis between them and they managed to half drag, half carry him up the ladder to the smiles of the two females waiting on the surface.


June 14, Saturday 1:50 p.m.
Front parking lot

Paul Zangallio and Becky McClellan ran back to where the lobby used to be after being reassured by the reporter Marcia Meadows and the cameraman Ted Brumfield that they would take care of Otis until an ambulance arrived.  They arrived back at the hole in time for Steve Sidel to yell up from the fallen roof of the lobby if anyone knew where any flashlights were.  Mark Summers, had brought back the other ladder and he and his brother Mike were helping transport people up the two ladders leaning into the hole.  The two men, Kevin Backlin and Bill Forman built a ramp from the boards Beverly Forham and Connie Littlefield carried from behind the maintenance shed and were sliding the ramp into the crevice where the roof had split.
Steve Sidel told Wendy Wikowski to untie one of the ropes that was around the closest royal palm tree and after she threw it down into the hole Steve tied it to the base of one of the ladders and dropped the end into the split roof opening.  Several people were able to shimmy up the rope and those were the ones the twins were helping climb out but, no one else apparently were uninjured enough to make it up the rope and Steve Sidel decided to climb down into the crevice to see whom he could help out
Paul Zangallio answered Steve about the flashlights in his usual polite manner even though his nerves were on edge.
"Yes sir.  There are several large flashlights hanging on the wall in the maintenance shed.  I'll get them for you"
"Thanks son.  But, please hurry.  I think we have some badly injured people down here."
When Paul Zangallio ran toward the shed to retrieve the flashlights, Becky McClellan began walking the people who had made it up the ladders with the help ofthe twins, over to the palm trees on the edge of the driveway so they could regain themselves in the shade.  Beverly looked across the remaining grass lawn of the resort and saw the emergency vehicles were still blocked from approaching them because of the cave-in of the driveway.  The deep drainage ditch that ran parallel with the drive was too steep for anything but a four-wheel drive vehicle to cross so, the emergency crews were starting to climb through the ditch with their equipment and no vehicles.
Paul Zangallio made it back from his trip to the shed and tossed two five cell flashlights down to the waiting trio standing on the fallen roof.  Steve Sidel and Kevin Backlin each caught a light and started climbing down the ramp into the darkness with Bill Forham right on their heels.  The screams and moans that had been drifting up through the crack in the roof were very faint by now but the terror was still very evident in the sounds. 


June 14, Saturday 1:53 p.m.
Drainage ditch

Sheriff Ralph Slocum and Deputy Paul Johanson had just climbed to the top of the drainage ditch with the ambulance attendants and firemen from Forest Glenn right behind them lugging their emergency equipment when they heard the chopping sound of the first helicopter.
Sheriff Slocum ran to the middle of the courtyard of the resort and started waving his arms frantically to signal the helicopter to set down on the grassy lawn.  He shielded his eyes from the debris blowing around in the constant swirl of the helicopter blades and backed toward the still standing second floor.  He heard a cracking noise over the roar of the blades and turned around in time to see the second floor sink completely out of sight.  He yelled into his hand held radio, previously tuned to the same channel as the helicopter.
"Get back!  Don't try to land.  You're making too much vibration and everything is caving in more.  You have to get back"
The helicopter pilot immediately reversed his direction and headed back toward the driveway where the emergency vehicles were parked.
"Okay Sheriff," came a metallic sounding voice from the sheriff's radio, “You'll have to transport the people over to the driveway in order for us to pick them up.  I’ll set down by the patrol cars and shut my engine off.  We have one more helicopter on the way and I'll radio them and tell them it's not safe to fly over the main part of the resort."
"Thanks.  I hope not much more damage has been done."  
The sheriff looked toward the lake and was horrified to see that a large crack that led to the marina was now slowly spreading toward a group of people in the front parking lot.  The water from the lake was filling the crack as fast as it widened and he saw a small boat caught in the surge of the water with two people yelling for help from the inside of the boat.  As he continued to stare at the boat, he saw the bow dip down in the rushing torrent and soon the little white boat was completely gone from view.
The people standing at the edge of the hole where the lobby once stood began yelling down in the hole and pointing toward the approaching crack.  Deputy Johanson looked at the Sheriff and loudly exclaimed.
"My God Ralph.  It's getting worse.  We've got to get those people out of there before the whole place disappears."
"You're right Paul.  I think the whole place is going under.  Let's go over to the parking lot and see if we can get those people out of there."


June 14, Saturday 2:00 p.m.
In the lake

Jeff and Todd Finley were almost to shore when they saw the large crack form between where the marina had stood and the shoreline.  Jeff slowed the boat down and tried to turn around but the current caught the boat and started to pull it toward shore and the large crevice that had formed.  Jeff slid the lever that controlled the speed to the extreme right but the pull of the water was stronger than the motor's output.  The sweat broke out on his forehead and large beads began rolling into his eyes stinging and making him constantly blink.  His ample size shirt was plastered to his dripping back and his face changed to a bright crimson.  Still, the boat wanted to follow the strong pull of the water.  He yelled at Todd to come back and sit on the seat next to him and grab the handle of the little five horse motor.  Todd quickly did as his dad said and took over trying to steer the boat away from shore.
When Todd had a firm grip on the handle, Jeff grabbed the boat's worn varnished paddle and with his massive arms began stroking the water on both sides of the boat.  His alternating strokes finally began making headway and they started slowly to pull away from shore.  The cypress and concrete dock was only twenty feet away and he told Todd to start steering in that direction but, very slowly so they would not be pulled over sideways.  
The bow of the boat was within five feet of the edge of the dock when Jeff heard the helicopter approaching the edge of the lake away from the buildings.  Not wanting to stop his frantic paddling he told Todd to wave his free hand in the air to try to catch someone's attention.  Todd began waving his left arm back and forth but, looking down he saw the white rag his dad used to wipe his hands after unhooking a fish.  He reached down and picked up the smelly rag and began waving it not unlike a flag announcing a surrender  The bow of the boat bumped the edge of the dock and Jeff Finley dropped the paddle and went toward the bow to catch the closest wooden plank on the dock.  Just as he reached out to get a grip the crevice on shore broke wide open and the water current jerked the boat backwards toward the shore.  The little motor at full acceleration gave a loud clunking sound and quit running.  The boat spun quickly around and started to head with the water current at full speed. 
The boat suddenly started to dip down in the bow with the flow of the water heading down into the large chasm.  Jeff grabbed Todd around the middle with his large left arm and picked up the stern anchor with his right.  He swung the anchor rope in a large circle around the top of his head and released in the direction of the dock at the same time the boat sank under the surface of the water.  Jeff's bad leg with the brace on it jammed beneath the back seat of the boat and they were jerked violently underwater.  	
The anchor spun through the air and over the top railing of the dock close to the shoreline.  When the rope hit the railing, it reached the end of its length and the anchor wrapped around the sturdy rail.  The stopping motion of the rope jerked back on the boat and it pulled the boat toward shore at the base of the dock.
Jeff Finley, with a tight grip on his son sputtered as the boat with its two occupants rose back out of the water and smashed into the side of the dock.  Jeff, with heavy labored breaths reached up to the railing and pulled him and his son out of the half-submerged boat.  He lay panting on the rough planking of the dock and said to his still coughing son.
"Next time we go fishing.  I'm going to listen to you and we'll go in early if the fish are not biting.  The bumpy ride in the boat wasn't so bad.  It was that sudden stop that did me in."  He grinned at his son and tousled his soaked blonde head.


June 14, Saturday 2:01 p.m.
By the lake

Sally Backlin and Kathy Santos ran down the entire side of the lake searching for Billy and Jack.  They called their names every minute or so but were answered only by silence.  They made their way back to where the marina had been and saw Otis laying on the ground surrounded by a small group of people.  He was obviously in much pain and they didn't really want to bother him but they figured he would have seen the boys if anyone had.
"Excuse me sir."  Sally barely spoke.  "Do you think I could ask you a question?"
"I don't think he is any shape to answer any questions."  Piped up Ted Brumfield the cameraman.  "He almost died in that hole in the ground."
"It's all right young lady.  I'll be fit as a fiddle very shortly.  What question could a young lady like you possibly want answered by an old cripple like me?"
"It's my brother sir.  I'm really worried about him.  We have looked all around the lake for him and his friend and we can't find them anywhere.  I wanted to ask you if you had possibly seen him and his friend.  They said that they were going down to the lake to play early this morning and no one in our families have seen them since.  I was hoping you might have seen them since you run the marina and can see the lake from where you work.  My brother has red hair and his friend has blonde hair and I'm just hoping you saw where they may have gone. 
"Well young lady, I did see two boys playing down at the lake till about noon and then I saw them head toward the woods by that big boulder over there.  If I were you, I would wander over in that direction and you just might find them all safe and sound playing their fool hearts out.  But, if I may add, you might want to take my dog Bart with you.  He is very familiar with those woods and he has a powerful nose on him even if he looks a little lazy.  I have seen the time he has rustled up a rabbit or two when I had no idea that one was even around.  He never hurts them mind you.  He just likes to play a little game of animal hide and seek and he is really good at it.  Just call him to follow you into the woods and if your brother and his friend wandered too far in the woods he will scout them right out for you."
"Thank you very much mister.  I will borrow your dog since you don't mind.  I'm sure he will be a big help.  Come on Bart.  Let's find Jack and Billy."
Bart wagged his tail and smiled like only a dog lover could notice and followed Sally and Kathy as they headed toward the big boulder at the edge of the woods.


June 14, Saturday 2:05 p.m.
At the marina

Ted Brumfield looked up when he heard the sound of the approaching helicopter.  He watched as it flew over the courtyard and saw the sheriff frantically waving it away.  He turned to Marcia Meadows as the helicopter began descending onto the large road leading into the resort after coming back from circling around the edge of the lake and said in a very somber tone.
"Marcia.  I am going to run over there and see if they can get a stretcher over here to transport Otis to the hospital.  I don't like his color.  I think we might be on the verge of losing him."
Otis had been unmoving for the last five minutes and his face had turned an ashen gray.  Marcia had run to the edge of the lake and dipped her handkerchief in the water.  She tried to soothe Otis by patting the cool cloth on his warm forehead.  She wiped the dried mud carefully out of his eyes and tried to console him with her gentle words but, she had not received a response since shortly after the red-haired girl and the attractive brunette had left to search for the missing boys.
Marcia Meadows nodded her head in agreement and continued to caress Otis's face with the damp cloth.  Ted Brumfield carefully sat his video camera down on the grass and ran toward the just landed helicopter.  Marcia called after him and said.
"Please hurry Ted.  You don't know what else could possibly happen around here."
Ted had been gone just over three minutes when Marcia suddenly felt a rough hand clamp tightly over her mouth and a sharp pain in her middle back.
"Don't make a sound."  Came a nervous voice close to her ear.  "Stand up and come with me."
Marcia's eyes, bulging with fright tried to get a glimpse of who had grabbed her when the voice said. “Don’t try to turn around, just start walking."
The sharp pain in her middle back increased and she could feel a warm trickle starting to run down her back.  She was roughly pushed along until she came to the backside of the manmade mountain and she saw the door was standing open.  After she entered the doorway the voice told her to stop and the sharp pain decreased momentarily from her back.  She heard what she thought was the sound of the door closing and the sharp pain returned in a slightly different place.  She was pushed up the circular stairway leading to the top of the mountain and was suddenly pushed toward the porthole when she reached the upper landing.
Marcia tried to maintain her balance but her forward momentum caused her to land on her hands and knees and she let out a short yelp of pain and fear.  She turned herself slowly around still on her hands and knees and faced her abductor.
"Mr. Brown.  What are you doing?  Have you gone totally crazy?  Why did you grab me?  Otis is badly hurt and he needs help.  I need to stay with him until the people from the helicopter rescue him.  Let me go back there and I will forget you ever grabbed me and brought me here.  We can pretend that this didn't happen.  I am going to go back to Otis now."  Marcia Meadows started to get up when she saw the large hunting knife that had been pressed into her back start to move slowly toward her throat.
"Stay right there Miss fancy television reporter.  I'm the boss now and you are going to do exactly what I tell you, if you want to live."  He pressed the sharp point of the knife backwards on her chest and cut the top button off with a slow flick of his wrist.  "Me and you are going to have a little party.  Just the two of us.  Nobody knows we are up here and while everyone is busy trying to save all those stupid fools down in that hole we are going to have a great time."
Stanley T. Brown, proprietor of the Brown Spot, had been hiding on the backside of the manmade mountain watching Marcia Meadows and the cameraman Ted Brumfield take shots of the waterfall.  He heard all the commotion when the ground fell in and had seen that young girl from the corporate office open the door and her and the dog disappear inside.  She shut the door after her and Stanley Brown waited for a few minutes and then walked toward the doorway.  Just as he had approached the opening, he heard the door start to open and he hid behind a large palmetto bush and watched her and the dog come out and head toward the lake.  He walked into the doorway, that she had forgotten to close, and went upstairs when the idea had come to his mind on where he could take Marcia Meadows.  He could not believe his luck when the cameraman left her alone with the old man and he seized the opportunity with a mind that wasn't quite right anymore.
Something inside Stanley Brown's mind had snapped the day before, when he had first set his eyes on the gorgeous reporter.  The years of constant nagging from a three hundred and forty-pound overweight very homely wife had finally taken its toll on Stanley's mind.  He had married the former Suzanne Powers, even though she was voted secretly by her classmates as the most unattractive student in their high-school class, because her father was one of the wealthiest men in town and Stanley T. Brown had always been very greedy.  After that first honeymoon night when she still very slim and Stanley had really tried to make love to her but his stomach just couldn't handle her white naked repulsiveness and she had harassed him for his failings to be a real man.  He would have left after that first night but, the greedy part of him just had to have her dowry.  He took the money her father had bestowed on them, payment Stanley thought just to get rid of his ugly daughter, and purchased a rundown liquor bar and turned it into one of the most prosperous places in town.  He had spent just about every waking hour at his establishment and turned his unused sexual emotions into hard work.  That was until Marcia Meadows had entered the picture and his mind had gone south.
"Well, pretty lady."  He cooed to Marcia Meadows.  "How do you like having a real man around you instead of that wimpy cameraman?  I am going to show you a really good time.  I promise."
Marcia shivered with a mixture of fear and revulsion and said in a very low voice.
"Please Mr. Brown.  Let me go.  Nobody will ever know what happened.  You can just walk down those steps and I'll wait before I leave so you will have plenty of time to get back to your bar.  I won't say a word."
"You have already said enough.  Just shut up and enjoy the best time of your life."
He slowly cut off the remaining buttons and her blouse fell open revealing a black lace low cut bra.  He pushed the blouse off her shoulders and cut the front of the bra open with the sharp edge of the hunting knife.  His left hand reached up and he roughly caressed her right breast and said with a sneer.
"You’re really going to enjoy this baby I'm your main man now.'
He removed his hand from her breast and he started to unbuckle his leather belt.

June 14, Saturday 2:07 p.m.
In the woods

Kathy Santos leaned against a large pine tree and reached down and massaged her right foot.  Sally Backlin looked back at her and said.
"Are you, are right?  Did you hurt your foot?  "I'll be fine.  I just stepped on a burr of some kind.  I should have grabbed my shoes before I left my room but, all I could think about was getting out of there as fast as I could.  I will just watch my step more carefully from now on."
Bart the dog, looked back when Sally had spoken but continued to walk deeper into the woods.  His nose had picked up the scent of something that normally wasn't in that area.  The normal squirrel and rabbit smells were overpowered by the smell of human beings and these were very fresh to his nose.  He continued along the path he had taken the other day with the two females following directly behind him.  He came to the hole he had seen the other day and the hair stood up on the back of his neck.  He wasn't aware of what was happening but in his animal brain he sensed something was not to way it was supposed to be.
Sally looked at the small dog as it began to shiver and she tried to comfort him.
"What's the matter boy?  Does that hole scare you?  It scares me too but, we have to find my brother and his friend.  Let's keep walking and we'll get away from this nasty hole."
Kathy Santos noticed the dog didn't follow Sally when she started to walk away from the hole and said.
"Wait a minute Sally.  Bart is still looking down in that hole.  You don't think your brother could be down there, do you?"
"They wouldn't be stupid enough to climb in that hole, Kathy.  Even my little brother isn't that dumb." 
"But wait Sally.  Maybe the hole got bigger like those other ones and they fell in.  Bart seems to think there is something down there."
"You might be right, Kathy but, I hope not.  I can't even see the bottom.  Hey Jack are you down there.  How about you Billy.  Are you there?"
Only silence answered her question and she looked at Kathy with a saddened expression on her face.
"If they fell down there they could be badly hurt.  Oh, what can we do Kathy?"
"Listen, keep calm Sally.  We'll work something out."
Kathy looked around her and saw a fallen pine tree about eight inches in diameter.  Bart began whining and scratching at the edge of the hole.
"Sally, I think they are down there, the way Bart is acting.  Help me drag that fallen tree over here and I'll see if I can climb down and look for the boys."
Sally and Kathy dragged the fallen tree over to the edge of the hole and gently lowered it down into the blackness.  They hit bottom with about two feet of the log sticking over the edge and Kathy began climbing down into the hole.
"Oh please be careful.  Don't fall.  I don't know what I would do."
"I'll be all right.  I used to be a real tomboy when I was your age and tree climbing was one of my favorite things to do.  Lucky I don't have any shoes on, it makes climbing a lot easier."
Kathy reached the bottom of the tree and brushed her hands off on her jeans.  She looked around in the faint light coming from the top of the hole and saw a crumbled figure lying about five feet away and hurried over and knelt beside it.  
"Can you hear me?  Are you hurt badly?"
Sally hearing Kathy talking down in the hole yelled down to her.
"Kathy.  Did you find my brother?  What's happening down there?"
"I found one of them Sally.  It's too dark to tell if it's you're brother or not but he is still breathing.  I don't know how badly he's hurt but I think he might just be knocked unconscious.  I'll stay down here and look for the other one.  Why don't you see if you can find someone to help us get him out of this hole?"
"Okay Kathy, I'm on my way.  Please find the other one.  Please."
Sally started running down the path leading out of the woods and Bart remained at the edge of the hole still sniffing the air coming out of the darkness.  Sally ran past the boulder and looked down the driveway just as more ambulances and fire trucks began arriving.  She ran toward the big crevice in the road and yelled across to the men climbing out of the first fire truck. "Oh please help us.  My brother and his friend are down in this big hole and we can't get them out."
"Okay miss."  Yelled back the closest fireman.  "We'll be right there."
The firemen began pulling an extension ladder off the top of their truck and laid it across the large crack in the pavement.  The other fire trucks and ambulances began unloading their emergency equipment and began running toward the ditch in the direction of the front parking lot.  The firemen from the first truck began crossing the ladder very carefully, their ropes, and other equipment strapped to their backs.
When three of the firemen had crossed the ladder, they ran up to Sally and asked her to show them the way to where the boys were.  She began running toward the boulder with tears welling up in the corners of her eyes.  The closest fireman looked over at Sally and said.
"It's okay now.  We'll save them.  Don't worry."
Kathy Santos, after brushing the dirt away from the fallen boy's forehead and making sure he was still breathing, got up and began hunting around for the other boy.  The hole was really dark away from the opening and she tripped over something as she searched around.  She bent down and felt a warm arm laying across what felt like a small tree that had fallen into the hole.  She ran her hands down the length of the arm and felt a pile of sand where the shoulder should be.  Oh my God she thought to herself.  He's buried.  She could feel the warmness from his flesh and knew he was still alive but didn't know for how long since he was obviously buried.  The arm suddenly gave a little jerk and she heard a slight moan come from under the small fallen tree.  
"What's happening?"  Came a little boy's very muffled voice “Is someone there, where am I and where is my friend Jack?"  
"Your safe sweetheart."  Soothed Kathy Santos.  "Your friend is right over there and you both will be okay."
Kathy started digging in the sand around the small boy's shoulder and realized the small tree had created an air pocket around his face when the sand had fallen over him.  She quickly dug him out enough that his head and shoulders were free and he helped her pull himself out of the mound of sand.  He groggily got to his feet with her help and they slowly walked over to where Jack was still laying unconscious ."Will he be all right lady?  He just has to be." 
 "I think he'll be just fine."  She assured Billy.  "I think he probably just got the wind knocked out of him when he fell.  Help will be here for you in just a minute."
Kathy Santos looked up and could see Bart looking down at them and a smile came to her face.  What a great dog she thought.  He knew those boys were down here even if we didn't.
As she was looking at the dog a face peered over the side and she recognized the friendly hat of a fireman.
The firemen tied their ropes to the closest trees and lowered a canvas cradle down to the waiting arms of Kathy Santos.  Two of the firemen quickly lowered themselves down into the hole and began helping Kathy load up the frightened Billy into the cradle.  As they other fireman hauled Billy to the surface, one of the firemen shined his light into the face of Jack and he blinked open his eyes and a big smile came to his face.
"Are you guys really firemen?"  He asked as soon as the flashlight beam was removed from his eyes.  "Can I go for a ride in a fire truck?"
Tears of joy came to Kathy's eyes as the fireman lifted Jack to the surface and began strapping the harness around her body.


June 14, Saturday 2:09 p.m.
At the main hole

Paul had just tossed the flashlights down to the men in the hole when he turned to Becky and said.
"I think I'm going over and check on Otis.  I love him like a father and I'm really worried about him."
"I'll go with you Paul.  You know I feel the same way about Otis."
He grabbed Becky's hand and they trotted over to where Otis was laying by himself on the edge of the hole where the marina once stood.
"Oh my gosh Paul.  He looks terrible.  Why has he been left alone?"
"I don't know Becky.  We need to get him some help."
Ted Brumfield came running up with two men carrying a stretcher and another man with an emergency kit.  The two men laid the stretcher along side Otis and the third man began checking for vital signs.
"Where's Marcia?"  Ted blurted.  "She was here when I left."
"I was going to ask you the same thing."  Paul questioned.  "Otis was all alone when we arrived."
The men lifted Otis gently up on the stretcher and began to carry him to the helicopter when a very weak voice stopped them.
"Wait.  Don't go yet." 
"Otis."  Paul said.  "You're alive."
"Yeah.  I was in la la land for a while but I'm okay now."  Otis opened his eyes and stared into Paul worrisome face.  "I had just woken up when I heard a strange voice and looked up just in time to see that weirdo from the bar in town, that Brown fellow, pushing that nice reporter lady toward the mountain.  I must have passed out again but that's the direction I saw them going."
"Thanks Otis."  Paul hugged him.  We'll go save her, don't worry."
"I know you can handle it boy.  I know you can."  Otis closed his eyes again and the helicopter attendants started back toward the helicopter.
"Come on let's go."  Paul took off running for the manmade mountain with Becky and Ted right behind him.
"Where do you think they went?"  Questioned Ted Brumfield as the trio arrived at the base of the mountain.  “I don't see any sign of them."
"You know."  Becky answered in a quiet voice.  "I remember leaving the door open when I left earlier but, now it's shut.  I bet they went inside."
"Your probably right Becky but, let's be really quiet when we go in.  Maybe we can sneak up on them."
Paul pushed the button and the door slid silently back into the wall.  The three went quietly in and stopped just inside the doorway.  Paul pointed down the hallway and motioned Ted to check the office doors that were closed.  He and Becky started to slowly ascend the stairway with Paul holding his finger to his lips to signal silence.  They were almost to the top of the stairs when they heard a man's voice.
"Come on honey.  Just relax.  I am going to make you feel really good."
Paul stuck his head up past the bottom of the top step and looked over toward the porthole.  He saw Stanley Brown with his pants off approaching Marcia Meadows cowering in the corner in just black lace panties.
"Stop you asshole."  Paul yelled at the half-naked man.  "Let her alone."
Stanley Brown turned toward the stairway and Paul could see a large hunting knife gripped tightly in his right hand.  
"Don't come any closer you punk or I'll cut her throat."
Stanley T. Brown grabbed Marcia's hair with his left hand and pressed the knife against her neck.
"You've got to do something Paul.  You've got to save her."  Becky cried.
Paul climbed the last few steps and began circling toward Stanley.
"I said stay where you are."  Stanley threatened and pressed the knife harder against Marcia's neck.
Ted Brumfield arrived at the top of the stairs and pushed Becky gently back.  
"Let her alone."  Ted ordered and stared at the crazed man.
Paul reached in his back pocket and felt for the round lump he knew was always there.  He slowly dug the well-worn baseball out of his pocket and kept his right hand behind his back.  As soon as Stanley's attention was drawn toward the other man, Paul pulled his arm back and threw the baseball just like he had thousands of times in practice.  He prayed for the perfect pitch just as the ball sailed through the air and caught Stanley at the base of his left temple.  Stanley looked up with a puzzled look on his face, dropped the knife and slumped over backwards.  Ted rushed over to the freighted reporter, pulled his shirt off, covered her nakedness, and pressed her sobbing body to his chest.  Becky ran over to Paul and grabbed him in a big bear hug 
tears of joy trickling down her face and said.
"You said you were going to be big and important one day, Paul.  Well, that day has come early.  I love you."


June 14, Saturday 2:10 p.m.
In the hole

Marvin Schumaker was at the grand opening in a pale linen suit and shiny black shoes and trying to hit on any unattached female.  As usual, the women all saw completely through him and he was strutting around like a rooster without a hen house to protect.  When the roof caved in, Marvin was the first to start whining and trying to climb over everyone to get to the surface.  He might have made it if he acted like a normal person but, he started telling everyone he encountered, he was a special agent and it was imperative he was one of the first ones out of the hole.  Unfortunately for Marvin, he told Bubba Relinska, the Russian champion weight lifter, a special guest of Huruto Tankinato, that he was super important.  Bubba took one look at Marvin, realized what a fake he was, and backhanded him into a crumbled heap of the floor of the lobby.  Marvin woke up about twenty minutes later, his lips a bloody mess and started crying softly to himself.  Marvin, sniffling through a very swollen nose, decided maybe it was time for him to actually become himself and began crawling toward the light coming from the broken roof and decided when and if he reached the surface, he would actually be a changed man.  He would not tell any of the women he met he was anything but, what he actually was but, he decided it wouldn't hurt if he told them he was in charge of the actual running of all the special effects at the resort.  What the heck, he decided.  They all needed a hero.


June 14, Saturday 2:11 p.m.
Inside the hole

Steve Sidel climbed down the ramp and shined his light around the carnage that met his eyes.  He could not believe the shambles the lobby was in.  He saw motionless figures scattered around the jumbled floor.  Many others were moving around in the darkness, stumbling over fallen debris with no destination in mind.  His light picked up a round object near his feet and he peered intently at it.  It was a decapitated head still wearing wire rim spectacles.  The metal vent that had been where the crevice in the roof started must have fallen down on the man when he was trying to get away when the roof caved in.  He recognized the lifeless eyes staring through the glasses as the hotel manager, Dilford Bailey.  He noticed he died with the same dour expression he had worn since the grand opening.  He averted his eyes away from the horrible sight and began shining the flashlight around the collapsed building.  He saw two women about twenty feet away and one was helping the other to get up and walk toward the ramp.  Kevin Backlin came up behind him and when he saw the people in the beam of Steve's flashlight he let out a yell.
"Hey Bill.  It's our wives and they're all right, come quick."
Bill Forham had just reached the bottom of the ramp when he heard Kevin holler.  He ran up behind his best friend and placed a comforting arm on his shoulder.
"Oh that's great Kevin.  Let's get them out of this hole and see whom else we can help after we have them safe."
The two friends hurried over to their wives and Steve Sidel knelt down beside the closest person to him and helped a stunned man to his feet.  He led him in the direction of the ramp where the twins were now waiting and went back to see whom else he could help.  Just as he bent down to help the next closest person to him, a young lady ran up to him out of the darkness and said.
"You've got to do something.  There are two men with guns over there and they are trying to rob the place." Steve recognized her as the desk clerk that was on duty when he checked in.
"You don't think they will still try to rob this place after what happened do you?"He questioned her.
"I don't know but, they are definitely crazy.  They were talking about shooting anyone that got in their way.  I think they are really nuts.  Oh, aren't you Steve Sidel from the computer company?"
He had shined the light away from her face and she could see his in the reflection of the light from where it was now shining on a half-fallen roof beam.
"Yes I am.  It's Paula isn't it?"
"Yes I'm Paula.  Paula Howard.  What can we do?"
"Listen."  Steve spoke very softly.  "Help me get this woman over to the ramp and we'll tell the people over there to alert the police that must be here by now, that we have some dangerous people down here and they can send a couple of officers down here to take care of them, okay?"
Steve helped a very shook up elderly women to her feet.  Her diamond necklace shone in the light from the flashlight as Paula held her arm as they started leading her toward the ramp.  
When Steve and Paula reached the ramp they handed the women over to one of the twins just as Kevin and Bill climbed back down in the hole.
"We got big problems Steve."  Exclaimed Bill Forham.  "The people on the surface said the crack at the lake was getting larger and the whole lake might be pouring in on us in a very short time.  We have to really rush if we're going to save all these people."
"We got more problems than that Bill.  Paula here said she was about to be robbed when the whole place fell in.  She said the two men are really pissed off and they are carrying guns.  This is getting to be some adventure."
The three men and the women looked around with the flashlights and Steve said.
"We got to get as many people as we can out of here before the water comes rushing in or those gun wielding jerks come around.  Try to tell anyone you see where the ramp is and anyone that is still alive but, cannot go under their own power, tell them we will help them as soon as we can.  You two take the one flashlight and head in that direction."  He pointed away from the direction of the lake.  "I'll take the other light and head over there."  He nodded in the direction of the lake.  "Paula, you go back to the ramp and climb to safety while we see who we can find."
"No Steve.  I'm not hurt.  I'll go with you to help save anyone we can."  Paula replied.  "I think two will be better than one in this situation, don't you?"
"I guess you're right Paula but, stick really close to me okay?"
She nodded her head in the faint light from the flashlight and they began making their way toward the front doors of the lobby.  They saw a woman staggering around in a very dazed condition and they both recognized her as Tiffany Royal, the movie star.
"Miss Royal."  Paula stated.  "Over here.  We'll show you the way out."
Tiffany Royal slowly made her way over to Steve and Paula and said. 
 "Thank God someone is here to help.  Brandon Miles is lying over there with a big lump on his head and I can't wake him up.  Please help him."
Steve rushed over to where Brandon was lying and reached under his arms and lifted him to his feet.  He groaned as soon as he was upright and almost fell over backwards.  Steve walked him over to Paula and Tiffany and handed him over to Paula.
"Paula.  Why don't you show them where the ramp is and the twins can help them get out.  I'll be right by the doors over here so you'll be able to find me.  There are a lot of people over there and I'll go see what I can do."
Paula got Brandon and Tiffany to the edge of the ramp and handed them over to the twins and headed back toward Steve when she heard a gruff voice in her ear.
"Stop right there bitch.  Oh it's you again.  The broad at the front desk that slipped away when the world caved in.  Well honey.  We're back."


June 14, Saturday 2:13 p.m.
In the woods

Darwood McKenzie woke up when a squirrel started chattering at him.  He had fallen asleep about ten thirty in a remote area about one hundred and fifty yards away from the tennis courts.  Dilford Bailey had chewed him out for getting the woman and her dog soaked and he put his tail between his legs and wandered into the woods to be by himself.  He was really disappointed that he could not do anything right and he felt really sorry for himself.  When he came across a nice soft pile of pine needles laying in front of a large pine tree he sat down with his back to the tree and pondered his future.  He sat there for awhile and had finally fallen asleep.  The squirrel made so much noise at having this stranger invade his personal space that he had not given up chattering until Darwood got up and moved away from his nest.
Darwood had no idea what to do next.  He was probably going to get fired he reasoned as soon as Bailey told his boss what he had done.  He really liked his job and he was sorry he kept screwing up.  If they give me one more chance I will really be good he thought.  I will never make a mistake again.  With this added courage he decided to face whatever was dealt to him and he walked back toward the resort.  He kept his head down most of the way out of the woods and when he reached the tennis courts he looked toward the lobby.  Unfortunately the lobby was gone.  A look of terror crossed his face and he raced over to where a group of people were standing in the parking lot.  He tripped only twice on the way there and he felt his life might really be on an upswing.  When he reached the group of people, he was fascinated by an Indian girl who was helping some hurt people out of the large hole in the ground.
"Let me help you miss."  He directed toward Connie Littlefield as she was helping two elderly people toward a shady tree to sit under.
"Why thank you.  I could use some help."  She replied as she looked in the eyes of Darwood McKenzie.  "These people are really dazed."  She handed the arm of the elderly man over to Darwood and he gently grasped the man's arm and walked him slowly over to a tree.  
"What happened here?  It looks like the whole place sunk in the ground."
"There was some kind of sinkhole and a whole lot of people are trapped underground.  
I'm just trying to help the people they get out of that hole to be comfortable until help arrives."  
Darwood noticed for the first time the bruises and infected needle marks on her arms and for the first time in his life a feeling of wanting to care for someone the rest of his life blossomed out of his heart.  He knew she was a few years older than him but he figured she had been through a lot and maybe she would accept the help from someone who really cared.  She noticed him looking at her arms and a blush began forming on her face.  This guy isn't looking at me like a piece of meat ready to be used she thought.  He looks like he really cares.  She smiled from deep inside at Darwood and said in a quiet voice.
"There are some more people to be helped.  You're welcome to come with me if you want."
Darwood looked her in the eye and the chemistry that shot back at him decided his future.
"I couldn't think of anything I would rather do miss.  Oh I'm sorry.  I don't even know your name."
"It's Connie.  Connie Littlefield.  I'm half Indian."
"I'm Darwood McKenzie and I'm half-clumsy." 
"Well half clumsy.  I'm very glad to meet you."  She smiled.  "Let's go help some 
people."
She held out her hand and he took it very greedily and together they walked back toward the hole to see whom else they could comfort.


June 14, Saturday 2:34 p.m.
Front parking lot

Kathy Santos had a smile on her face as she headed back toward where the lobby once stood.  She was very pleased that the boys were safe and now all she had on her mind was finding that hunk, Steve Sidel, and seeing what she could do to make him notice her again.  She was taken aback when she saw all the people scattered around under the palm trees, apparent survivors from the cave-in, of the lobby.  She ran up to Beverly Forham and asked if she had seen Steve Sidel.  Beverly told her that she thought Steve was still in the hole and he might come out soon because he had been down there a long time.  In the meantime several other people emerged from the hole and climbed very unsteadily up the aluminum ladders with the help of the twins.  She told Beverly she was going down into the hole and see if she could find Steve.  Beverly nodded her acceptance and smiled, wishing her luck.
Kathy Santos climbed down one of the two aluminum ladders and saw that it looked very dark down in the hole as she stood on the fractured roof and looked down.  One of the twins put his arm on hers and said.
"It's not really that bad down there.  They have flashlights and every time my brother or I helped someone up we could see a little bit down there.  I'm sure you'll be able to find your way around and I know they can really use some help down there.  Well, good luck."
Kathy descended into the hole and was amazed that she could see around her.  She started walking toward the double doors of the lobby when she saw Steve Sidel leaning over an elderly couple that were lying on the floor.
"You have to get up."  Steve was saying.  "We don't know how stable this place is, I think it's getting really scary around here."
Kathy could hear the compassion in his voice and her heart went all out for him.  She started to walk closer when she heard the desk clerk Paula let out a little yelp.  She turned around and saw a really spacey guy holding a gun on the desk clerk and she tried to blend back into shadows.  She knew she couldn't be of any help if someone threatened her with a gun so she hid in the shadows until the gun slinging crew moved away her.


June 14, Saturday 2:40 p.m.
In the lobby

Tyrone Washington woke up with a blasting headache.  He placed his left hand carefully on the back of his head and felt a jagged gash that was sticky to the touch.  He moved his head slowly to the left and right trying to work the stiffness out of his neck and wondered who the hell he was.  He heard a low moaning and realized with a shock it was coming from his own mouth.  Get right, he said to himself and looked slowly around.
A pale glow was coming from the floor about twenty feet away and he realized it was an emergency light that had fallen from its ceiling mount and was partially covered with debris.  In the faint light he could see several shapes that looked like crumpled human figures.  A sharp cry of pain emitted from one of the figures about ten feet away and he tried to figure out what had happened to place him at this given spot at this given time and he still wondered just who he was.
He could see in the dim light that he was in a very large room, ballroom size, and there were fallen boards and overturned tables and chairs among the human shaped figures.  Some type of disaster must have happened and obviously he had been struck on the back of the head.  He slightly recalled a petite, very attractive blonde women asking him where the manager's office was located and he vaguely recalled a sharp stinging in his right shoulder as he was about to answer her.  The image slowly faded and he felt slightly nauseous.  Well, it should come back to me he thought and maybe then I'll remember who I am.
Tyrone Washington got slowly to his feet and as he was getting up he heard a heavy thud come from beneath his feet.  He looked down in the soft glow and saw the gleam of a very large revolver at his feet.  He realized that he had dropped it when he was struggling to get up and he felt down his right side and felt an empty leather holster.  Why would I be wearing a gun he thought?  He picked up the gun and felt the front of his shirt and found a metal badge affixed to his chest.  I must be some kind of law enforcement officer he thought.  He shook his head trying to clear the cobwebs and decided that if he was a lawman he best get to work doing whatever a lawman would do.  He staggered toward the light he could see coming from a large crack in the roof and saw a small group of people gathered near the opening.  When he was less than twenty feet away, he saw one of the men holding a gun to the head of one of the women that was near the opening.  He slid back in the shadows and bumped into a person already crouched down in the darkness.  
"Oh thank goodness you're here officer."  A female voice softly whispered.  "Those guys are acting really insane.  They have already shot a deputy and I think they'll shoot anybody that gets in their way.  What can you do?"
"I'm sorry lady.  But, I can't even remember who I am.  How am I going to rescue anybody if I can't even remember who I'm suppose to be?"
"Did you get hurt?"  Kathy Santos realized he was favoring the back of his head in the dim light and reached a caressing hand to the back of his head and felt the jagged gash that had by now stopped bleeding.  "Oh my gosh you're really hurt.  We have to get you some medical help right away."
"No really.  I'm fine.  I just can't remember who I am.  But, it will come back to me I'm sure.  Let's just play it safe and hide here until we know what's going on."
"Okay, but I think your name is Tyrone.  At least that's what your name tag says.  I can barely read it in this dim light."
"Tyrone huh.  Doesn't ring a bell.  Well we better wait to see what these crazies are going to do.  Are you sure you are all right?"
"I'm fine and by the way, my name is Kathy.  Kathy Santos."
"Glad to meet you Kathy."  He started to get glimpses of a very attractive woman in a bright green bikini out at the pool in the recesses of his mind.  Then he had thoughts of a cute woman holding a tiny baby.  All of a sudden his memory came rushing back like a tidal wave and he was engulfed in happiness at the wonderful pictures in his mind of his wife and kids.  Thank you Lord he thought, and smiled at Kathy Santos.
"I remember" He told Kathy.  "I'm a security guard here at the resort and somebody drugged me with a shot.  It didn't work right away so, I started to turn around and see who stabbed me with a hypodermic needle, when the lady I was talking to swung her purse at me which must have been loaded with something heavy and split my head open, I remember seeing the smile on her face as I started falling.  One of the vilest smiles I've every seen.  She must still be here somewhere and I bet she's with that guy holding them."
"I wouldn't doubt it Tyrone.  We need to definitely get some help."	 


June 14, Saturday 2:42 p.m.
In the hole

Steve Sidel wondered what was keeping Paula Howard from coming back from the opening after delivering Tiffany Royal and Brandon Miles.  He helped an elderly couple up and pointed them toward the opening and had just turned around to continue looking for other survivors when a gunshot echoed loudly in the enclosed lobby.  His immediate reaction was to duck and when he looked around in his crouched position he could see several figures in the dim light from the jagged hole in the roof.
A woman's scream had paralleled the gunshot and he thought it came from the same direction as the shot.  He melted further into the shadows and started working his way toward the opening still in a crouched position.  His entire concentration was focused on the people at the opening and he jumped quickly backwards when he came in contact with a very soft human back.  A sharp very low yelp sprang back at him from the person he had bumped into and he peered intently into the darkness until he recognized the very attractive face staring back at him with very large eyes.
"Kathy.  Are you all right?"  He whispered.  "How long have you been hiding here?"
Kathy Santos threw her arms quickly around Steve's neck and said in a very low excited voice.
"Oh Steve.  I'm so glad it's you.  I was so frightened when I heard that shot.  I was so afraid someone was shooting at you."
Steve Sidel at that moment realized for sure that this was his future wife.
"No.  I was over by the doors.  I'm just so glad that it wasn't you."
Steve had placed his arms gently around Kathy's very small waist and he hugged her with 
an intensity he hadn't known existed five minutes before.  They were still in a very tight embrace when Kathy suddenly loosened her hug for a moment and said to Steve.
"Oh.  I almost forgot."  She gestured behind her with her head.  "This is Tyrone.  He is a security guard here and we have been hiding until we could tell what was happening."
"Well Tyrone, as far as I know some people were trying to rob the place when the roof caved in, so that must be the people with the gun."
"Steve.  I lost my memory for a while but, I think I have regained most of it back.  I vaguely remember being hit on the back of the head by a petite blonde so she must be part of the robbery plan.  I have a gun so maybe we can catch them off guard."
"I'm really happy to hear that you have a weapon.  It might be the edge we need but, I suggest we stay put until we can figure out what exactly is going on.  We might need the element of surprise to make a difference in what is going on."


June 14, Saturday 2:44 p.m.
In the hole

Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham had just reached the door to the kitchen when they heard the shot.  They had helped several couples up from the floor that were disoriented and told them where the opening was to get out of the hole.  They figured most of the guests were probably under the north end of the building and from what they could see, that part of the lobby's roof had collapsed.  The north end of the lobby was the cocktail bar area and most people had been gathered in that area when the sinkhole started.  From their limited field of vision the entire north side was totally under a mass of building parts and dirt and it would take shovels and heavy duty lights, that the firemen carried, to rescue the people trapped in that area.  That is if there was any left to be rescued.  They had concentrated their search area to find the people that could be rescued quickly because they knew the whole place might become submerged by the lake and saving a few was better than rescuing people that might not be alive anyway.
When they heard the shot, they decided immediately that the robbers were behind it and they stopped their search to decide on a course of action.
"Listen Bill.  I don't know about you but, I think it would be very stupid for us to walk right back into the arms of those gun toting maniacs and let them either shoot us or take us hostage.  I think we should maybe try to find another way out of here and then we could take anybody we ran across out the new way so we could avoid those criminals."
"I couldn't agree more Kevin but, do you really think there is another way out?"
"Remember those sound testings we did three years ago?  This place was honeycombed with caverns.  I think if we concentrated on the outer walls of the lobby we just might run into one of those passage ways that would connect with this building since we are below ground level anyway."  "You know Kevin.  That's really a good idea.  If we found a cavern it would probably lead toward another collapsed building and we might find an opening we could use.  We could lead everyone out the back way and get them away from the threat of the robbers.  Let's go see what we can find."
The two men headed toward the closest wall that they knew was an outside wall and started shining the light from the floor to the ceiling.  They traveled the length of the wall until they came to a doorway and Kevin pushed on the locking bar that ran the width of the door.  In the direct beam of the flashlight they could see a sign that said "Push in case of Emergency" and they both nodded thinking to themselves that this was definitely an emergency.  The door would not budge from its closed position and Kevin shrugged his shoulders and motioned for Bill to continue working their way down the wall.  They continued down the wall for another twenty feet and they ran into what looked like an interior door.
"I thought this was an outside wall."  Questioned Bill.  "Why would they have this type of door leading to the outside?"
"Maybe it's some sort of maintenance room.  You know for brooms and mops and stuff.  They have to have some sort of storage area around here."
"Well, try to open it Kevin.  We won't know till we try."
Kevin turned the knob and felt no resistance but when he tried to push it open it would not budge.
"I think it's just stuck because of the way the building settled Bill.  Give me a hand and we can try to force it open."
Kevin and Bill both put their weight against the wood center of the door and it slowly started to push open.  A large pile of dirt fell through the top portion of the door and they kept forcing it further open with their body weight.  When it was three quarters of the way open, they stopped and Bill shined the light through the opening.  They could see through the beam of the flashlight a small computer room obviously set up for running the lighting in the lobby and the automated parts of the kitchen and office areas.  Kevin forced his way past the partially opened door and saw an outside door on the back wall in the beam of the light that Bill was flashing past him.  The door was an opening inward door and he turned around to face Bill.
"Let's give that one a shot.  We can pull it open so maybe we will just see a big dirt or stone wall or maybe it will be a way out."
The two men walked over to the cream colored door and both held their breath as Kevin put his hand on the knob and slowly turned the handle.  They both had a sudden feeling of total failure when the opened door revealed a solid limestone wall that filled the entire doorway.
"Damn."  Shouted Kevin as he banged his fist on the soft crumbly stone.  "We have to find a way out of here."
Kevin and Bill turned around to walk back out of the computer room when they heard a sound behind them.  They both turned quickly around just in time to see the entire limestone wall vanish out of sight.  They walked quickly back to the doorway and peered into the opening.  A well-formed cavern was behind where the boulder had stood and there was a gap about five feet wide in the floor of the cave where the boulder had disappeared. 
"You must have dislodged it when you banged on it Kevin.  It sank out of sight like the rest of the stuff around here.  Look.  I see light down the tunnel.  It must lead to another collapsed area.  Let's go see what we can find as soon as we make some kind of bridge to get over this hole."


June 14, Saturday 2:54 p.m.
In the hole

"You bastard.  Why did you shoot the deputy?  He looks no older than a kid.  I hope you have a conscience because you really did a number this time."
"Shut up you dumb broad.  You saw him reach for his gun.  I didn't really have a choice."
Paula Howard glared in the weak light at Frankie Medford.  "You didn't have to aim for his heart.  I saw the bullet strike him in the chest.  You could have shot him in the arm or leg.  You just wanted to kill him."
"Who cares?  He was a cop anyway and I hate cops.  If he dies, he dies.  Tough luck."
Frank Medford stuck the gun in Paula's back and said.
"Come on.  We're gonna to use you for bargaining power.  Nobody wants to see a sweet looking blonde like you get hurt.  You're our ticket to freedom"
Frankie walked Paula over to the ramp leading up and yelled up out of the hole.
"Hey you up there.  I have the desk clerk as a hostage.  If you want to see her alive again you better do as I say.  I heard a helicopter fly over.  I want a helicopter to fly us out of here so arrange for one pronto.
"Frankie backed out of the opening and motioned for Carrie to come over to where he was standing.
"Listen.  Go see if you can find Stretch.  I haven't seen him since the roof caved in.  I just want to know if he is dead or alive.  It might make a difference on our split of the take.  The last time I saw him he had a gun in Dilford Bailey's back, right when we were robbing the front desk.  They were standing over by the center of the building and Bailey looked really shook up."  Carrie Petringelo lit his butane lighter and tried to see in the direction of the center of the building.  
"Hey Frankie.  It's dark over that way.  I can't see a thing and besides who cares about Stretch.  Let's just get out of here."
"Do as you're told.  You’re whimpering as bad as one of these bitches around here.  Just go see if you can find him."
Carrie started slowly walking toward the center of the building flicking his lighter every few seconds.  Frankie watched Carrie walk away and then turned his attention back toward the blonde, Paula Howard.
"Well, Miss Desk Clerk, we should be out of here in a few minutes.  After the helicopter drops us off at a very secluded spot I think you and I are going to party.  Wouldn't that be fun?"
Paula cringed backwards from his words and started praying softly to herself.  Frankie looked at his cheap watch in the light shining from the crack in the roof and yelled up at the sheriff who was still tending to the fallen deputy.
"Come on sheriff.  Get the lead out.  I want to hear the sound of the helicopter landing out front."
"Listen."  The sheriff replied in a very shaky voice.  "The helicopter can't come any closer than the main road.  When it flew over before, it started more caving in of this sinkhole.  It is way too dangerous to try that again.  The whole place might sink into the ground.  You are going to have to climb out of that hole and walk over to where it's parked if you want to fly out of here.  We can't even get a vehicle over near this opening because the road is caved in.  Please be patient and we might can work out some kind of deal for you."
"Deal, smeal.  I want to hear that helicopter landing over here.  I don't care if the whole place sinks out of sight.  I am going to be long gone before that happens so just get moving, you hear me?" Steve Sidel whispered to Tyrone Washington is a barely audible tone.
"Man we have to do something.  That guy is totally nuts.  If they bring that helicopter over here, everybody down here is going to die.  I need to go over and see if I can reason with him."
"Don't take that chance.  He is just stupid enough to shoot you if you try to talk to him.  We have to figure some other way to stop him."
"I have an idea."  Kathy Santos enthusiastically replied after following their conversation.  "He won't suspect I know what is going on if I just stumbled over toward him and pretend I am trying to find my way out.  You could let me have your gun and when he is not suspecting it, I could get the drop on him."
"Look Kathy."  Steve Sidel replied in a very somber tone.  "I just found you in my life.  I am sure the hell not going to take a chance in ever losing you again.  We'll have to find a different way."
"But Steve, it might catch him off guard and we could get that gun away from him."
"Absolutely not.  You are way too valuable to me now."  He reached over and planted his lips softly on hers.  "You are now in my protective custody."
"He's right Kathy."  Tyrone added.  "We can't take a chance with him.  He sounds like he is absolutely insane."
"Well I do have another idea."  Steve suggested.  "That Stretch he mentioned must be my outlaw brother.  He visited me about a month ago and when he left I noticed a set of plans for the security system and a floor plan was missing from my office.  I didn't think he would have been stupid enough to try to rob a place like this but I had heard him mention a cell mate of his named Frankie.  The coincidence is too strong.  My plan just might work.  Let me explain a few ideas I have.  My brother and I have always sounded very much alike and when we were younger, people would always mix the two of us up on the phone.  If I can pretend to be my brother I might be able to distract him enough so Tyrone could come up behind him and get the gun.  
Anything at this point would be worth it."
"You know Steve.  That just might work."  Tyrone added.  "If he's convinced you're your brother, his guard would be down.  What are you going to say to get his attention?"
"Okay listen.  I think this will really work."  Steve Sidel began explaining to Kathy and Tyrone what he thought would fool Mr. Frankie Medford.


June 14, Saturday 2:57 p.m.
Computer room

"Look in those drawers Bill.  We need some sort of tool like a screwdriver."  Kevin Backlin was eyeing the interior door that led to the computer room.  "I need something to pry up on these door hinge pins."
Bill Forham got lucky on the second drawer he opened and produced a letter opener.  "Will this work?"  He shined the flashlight at the dull metal knife he was holding in his hand.
"That's perfect."  Kevin took the opener out of Bill's extended hand and started prying up on the pins that held the door in place.  "There, that's the last one.  Give me a hand with this door will you."
The two men carried the door over to the large hole in the hallway and placed it solidly over the opening.  Kevin tested his weight on the wooden door and decided it would hold them if they crossed one at a time. 	
"Come on Bill.  Let's see if we can find our way out of here."
The two friends quickly crossed the makeshift bridge and started down the long cavern passageway.  They saw several tunnels leading off to the right and left but continued straight ahead toward the light source.  It got brighter as they progressed until Bill could turn the flashlight off.  They started squinting in the bright light that filled the cave and looked up when they got to a large circular room.  The blue sky above their heads brought a smile to both of the men's faces and they started looking around the floor of the room.  The floor of the room was actually a tile roof and they both recognized it as the roof of the corporate headquarters.  It was the only building in the complex with a brown tile roof.  All the rest were bright white.
"Now that we are down here.  How are we going to get to the surface?"  Bill questioned his friend.  "It's a long way up to the surface."
"Hey!"
Both men looked up and could see a grinning fireman looking over the rim of the hole at them.
"I thought I heard voices coming out of the ground."  The fireman shouted down.  "Your voices sounded like a megaphone up here.  We were going to give up on this hole because we saw no sign of life.  Where did you guys come from?"
"We walked down a tunnel from the main lobby."  Bill yelled up.  "There are a lot of people trapped in there and a couple of crazy gunmen won't let them out so we decided to find another way out of there."
"Okay you guys.  Hang tight and we'll lower a ladder down.  Then we'll see how many people we can sneak out the back way."
"Thanks.  I guess I will donate to the firefighter's fund next time they come collecting."


June 14, Saturday 3:04 p.m.
In the hole

"You know, that just might work."  Tyrone Washington said.  "Since it is dark enough down here, you and Kathy might just be able to pull it off."
Steve Sidel looked admiringly at Kathy Santos and replied.
"If I don't put her in any danger then I believe we can do it."
Steve slipped his suit jacket off and began untying his silk tie.  	
"I need to look like Stretch would look after he had been knocked out for a while."  He ruffled his hair and reached down and ran his hand across a pile of dirt that was lying near his feet.  He streaked his face with the grayish dirt until his facial features resembled anything but the clean cut Steve Sidel from Datafuture.  Tyrone handed him the revolver and patted him on the back.
"You two be really careful but, you have to hurry in case that albino finds your brother and brings him back."
Kathy started walking slowly toward the opening with Steve directly behind her.  They stopped about ten feet away from where Frankie was still holding a gun on the desk clerk but, they were still pretty much in the shadows.
"Hey Frankie.  It's me Stretch.  Boy do I have a surprise for you."  Steve yelled over at Frankie Medford and Paula Howard, trying to imitate his brother's voice.  "I have a real hostage for you.  Somebody that will make us a whole lot of money.  Not like that cheap desk clerk whose family probably doesn't have a red cent."
"What are you talking about Stretch, and where have you been?  I sent Carrie looking for you to see if you were dead or alive.  I was really worried about you." 
"I doubt if you were really worried about me.  You probably were just wondering if I was still going to be around to split the money you and Carrie got out of the safe.  Never mind about that.  You know the governor was supposed to be here for the grand opening but he couldn't make it for some reason or another.  Well, guess who did show up.  His wife, and I have her right here."  He shoved Kathy forward a little and waved the gun at the side of her head.  "You know the governor will pay big bucks to get his precious little wifey-poo back."
"You, you criminal you."  Kathy replied a very indignant tone.  "My husband wouldn't pay ransom to a low life like you.  I demand you set me free this instant."
Steve stayed in the shadow behind Kathy and prayed that Frankie wouldn't see that Kathy wasn't the governor's wife.  He had noticed a very close resemblance the minute he set eyes on Kathy.  They were both dark haired, heavily tanned, about the same height and build and both extremely attractive.  That resemblance plus the fact he sounded a lot like his brother and that both had similar physical features had given him the idea for this plan and he just hoped he could pull it off.  Kathy was playing her part perfectly and he thought they had a better than fifty percent chance of fooling Frankie.
"Stretch.  I think that will really work but, I thought it was the governor's wife who was sick and that's why he wasn't here."
"Oh no Frankie.  It was his mother from what I heard.  She is really sick with cancer and he didn't want to leave her side so he sent his wife here to represent the state.  Right bitch?"
He prodded Kathy in the neck with the gun but, very gently.
"How dare you talk to me like that you ruffian?  Just because my mother-in-law kept my husband from being here doesn't give you the right to treat me like one of your kept hussies.  I will have you and your friends thrown in jail and they will throw away the key.  You will be sorry.  Really Sorry."
"Okay Stretch.  As soon as Carrie gets back, we'll take her and show her to the sheriff and make our ransom demands.  Why don't you bring her over here so I can get a good look at our new bankroll?"
"I think it would be better if we stayed back in the dark in case they try something funny.  This way we'll be out of range.  Why don't you let the desk clerk go and you could go find Carrie so we can hurry up and make our demands."
"Good idea Stretch.  I'm ready to get out of this black hole anyway.  Take off girlie."
He slapped Paula on the rear and cackled like a rooster.  "Don't trip on the way up the ramp."
Paula looked back at Steve with a thank-you for saving my life look and hurried toward the ramp.  Steve breathed a sigh of relief as he saw her legs disappear up the ramp and whispered to Kathy.  "In a minute we can be right behind her."
Frankie started walking in the direction, he had last seen Carrie when his feet went out from under him.  The torrent of water that came rushing in was knee high and had the force of a small tidal wave.  Steve lost his grip on the revolver when he got knocked over and he turned to look at Kathy but she had already disappeared from sight.  He started sloshing around in the quickly moving water trying to locate her when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
"It's me, Tyrone.  Just when you had him fooled this had to happen.  Did you lose Kathy?"
Tyrone had been watching the scenario play out from the shadow of a large beam that had fallen from the roof and he managed to maintain his balance when the water hit.  He immediately headed for Steve and Kathy when he realized what happened.  He lost track of them in the darkness but somehow managed to luckily bump into Steve and not Frankie.
"Yeah Tyrone.  She was just here a minute ago.  I don't know how I could have lost her so fast.  I'm really glad you are here but, we have to find her before the water gets any deeper.  I can't possibly lose her now.  She is my future.  Maybe that was a dumb idea trying to rescue that desk clerk anyway.  He probably would have let her loose pretty soon."
"You know as well as I do Steve that the maniac would have probably killed her.  You saved her life and you know it.  We'll find Kathy.  Don't worry."
Steve and Tyrone started wading in the direction of the water flow and to their horror they saw the level was climbing quite rapidly.


June 14, Saturday 3:06 p.m.
Outside the corporate office.

The closest fireman to Bill Forham and Kevin Backlin handed them both paper cups filled with ice water.  He had a five-gallon yellow and white water cooler next to him on the ground and a cardboard container filled with cups.
"I figured you men could use a nice cold drink after being in that hole for a while."
"Yes.  Thank you very much."  Both men echoed in unison.  
"Have you heard what's happening at the other end of the hole?  Are the people that got out still okay?"  Asked Kevin with deep concern in his voice.
"Have those gunmen harmed anyone?  We heard a shot before we found this back way out."  Added Bill Forham.
"Apparently, from what we heard on the radio from the sheriff, one of his deputies is badly wounded and the gunmen won't let anyone in or out of the hole.  We heard a rumor from someone that was on top of the ripped roof that the gunmen had the governor's wife hostage but we double checked with the capitol and we know that she is still sick in bed.  I don't know what they are trying to pull but they can't fool us in believing she is held hostage.  Wait just a minute."
The fireman heard a call come through on his radio and he put the box of cups down and picked up the radio that was sitting on the lid of the cooler.
"This is Sheriff Slocum again."  Came loudly over the radio that all three men could plainly hear.  "We just received word from the desk clerk that was held hostage that as soon as she was released and almost out of the hole that water had started pouring in at a rapid rate.  She got out just in time but, she looked back down and saw people being swept away in its flow.  I'm going to try to get my deputy out of here now that the gunmen have left the opening leading to the lobby.  He is still alive but I don't know for how long because he has lost a lot of blood.  I think the bullet must have just missed his heart because he is still breathing but I know it is a very critical wound.  The men from the second helicopter are waiting with a stretcher and we need to rush him to a hospital.  I'll call you back as soon as I can better evaluate the situation."
The fireman waved to one of the City of Lakeland fire trucks that had recently arrived and signaled for them to bring another ladder and several ropes.  He turned to the two men and said.
"Well guys.  I guess it's time to see whom we can get out of the hole from this end.  Are you guys up to going back down and showing us the way before the lake completely fills the hole?"  "Yeah we're ready, aren't we Kevin?"  Bill directed to his friend.
"Sure.  I'm anxious to get back down there and see whom we can help."  Kevin started back down the ladder, not waiting for the other firemen to arrive.  "Let's haul tail though.  I think were quickly running out of time."
Bill Forham followed him quickly down the ladder and they both waited at the bottom for the firemen to bring the ropes and another ladder.  The firemen, seven in all, grouped together when they reached the bottom of the ladder and awaited orders from their lieutenant who had been briefed quickly by Kevin and Bill.
"Well men.  The way it has been explained to me is that we have a really straight passage to follow and there is a large chasm at the end of it.  If we lay our ladder across the opening and tie off ropes on both sides by pounding stakes in the limestone walls, you did bring the hammer and stakes didn't you Fred?"  One of the firemen nodded down at a toolbox he was holding.  "We can form sort of railings to hold on to so people won't be so squeamish about crossing the ladder over a large drop off.  When we have that set up, we can branch off in groups of two and search for survivors.  Does anyone have any suggestions?"
"I have one Lou.  Why don't we use the other ropes to tie each other together in case the water tries to knock us over?  The chances of at least one person standing and being able to save his partner cut down the odds of two people getting lost at the same time."
"That's a good idea Tom.  We have enough ropes don't we?"	
"We have more than enough."  Answered one of the firemen.  "We brought every coil we had on the truck and we also have two oxygen setups in case we run into anyone having trouble breathing."
"Very good men.  Well let's hit it."
The firemen turned on their flashlights and started following Kevin and Bill into the darkness.


June 14, Saturday 3:11 p.m.
Outside the hole

Wendy Wikowski began broadcasting again into the microphone as the TV camera began to roll.  This was her big moment and she didn't want to blow it.  There were enough people outside the lobby to help the survivors being helped out of the hole and every since the gunmen had taken over no one else was allowed out.  She thought back to when she first arrived at the entrance to the resort after getting the call from her friend Marcia.  She had gotten a glimpse of the rear end of the sheriff's patrol car rounding the bend away from the entrance when she had pulled up next to deputy Horwith.  
"What's happening in there deputy?  I heard there is a large sinkhole and hundreds of people are trapped."
"Well miss.  We are having somewhat of a problem at the resort but, I can't verify the amount of damage or how many people are in trouble.  Now, I must ask you to back your car up and head back down the road.  I have to leave this open for emergency vehicles to get through so please leave now."
"Listen deputy, I'm a reporter for channel ten news and I need to be at the scene of the disaster." 
"I'm very sorry miss but, my orders are to not let anyone but emergency vehicles in and I'm going to do just that."
"I have a press pass.  I'm allowed to go anywhere.  So if you don't mind please let me pass and I will go about my business."
"As I said before, Miss Channel Ten, no one goes in that is not authorized and you are not authorized so please leave or I will have no choice but to handcuff you for obstructing justice and place you in the back of the patrol car until I have time to take you back to town."
She remembered she had been fuming as she had thrown the car in reverse and had spun her wheels as she had headed back in the direction she had just come from.  Her reporter instincts had put in the back of her mind a small sign she had seen about one half mile before she had arrived at the entrance to the resort.  The sign had been white with black letters.  "Construction Vehicles Only" it had read.  She at the time would have bet her eye teeth that the dirt road leading off into the woods was a back entrance to the resort and by God she had thought she was going to be a construction vehicle.  She had sped down the road until she saw the sign on the right shoulder and had hung a turn faster than the car's manufacture would have said was safe in the owner's manual.  The car had bounced in the ruts caused by the heavy trucks and had left a plume of dust trailing behind it.  She had gone no more than a quarter of a mile when the woods diminished and she had seen the lake shimmering in the distance.  Everything had looked very peaceful but, the problem had been, she had seen only one row of buildings, and from the publicity shots she had known that there should of been at least five other groups of buildings visible.  She had thought this was terrible as she had driven the last quarter mile toward the lake.  The closer she had gotten the more devastation she had seen.  There had been large holes where the buildings had been and the main road right before the resort had cracked and fallen into the earth.  She had seen several groups of people running or standing around and most of the attention had seemed to focus in front of what she had guessed the main lobby.  Wendy had seen flashing lights on top of three vehicles but, they were between the main entrance road and the large crack in the pavement.  What a hell of a mess she had thought as she had pulled her car onto the tennis courts, one of the safest places she had seen, and had gotten out and ran toward the nearest group of people peering into the hole where the lobby had been.  Luckily she had called the camera truck that was on its way to The Green Swamp on her cell phone while she was still heading toward the resort and told them to meet her there.  She called them back on the way down the dirt road and told them she was being denied access to the entrance but, she thought she found another way in.  The minute she saw the resort in the distance she told them where the turnoff was and to meet her inside.  She had helped several people by the time the truck came to a halt by her car on the tennis courts and she ran back to guide them as close to the hole as they dared.  The ground seemed quite stable in the parking area directly in front of the hole so, the truck maneuvered into position and began unloading their equipment.  The sheriff was already tending to his wounded deputy and he gave them no hassle when they began setting up the camera directly above the hole.
Wendy was covered with dirt and her hair and makeup was a mess but, she decided it would give better play for the viewers and her bosses to see she was really involved in the rescue attempt.  When the camera and sound men gave her the okay signal, she jumped right into her broadcast. 
"Ladies and gentleman, if you've just joined us, this is live from what is believed the largest sinkhole ever to hit the western hemisphere and perhaps in the entire world.  We have hundreds of people trapped beneath the ground and we still have no word on the number of casualties that we might have.  A report just in said world famous movie stars Tiffany Royal and Brandon Miles were trapped below the surface but have been saved by a brave group of people who started a rescue attempt long before the authorities arrived.  Their condition is listed as good even though Brandon Miles was briefly knocked unconscious.  Tiffany Royal's agent and traveling companion and Brandon Mile's bodyguard and best friend are still reported as missing.  We hope they will be found safe and sound."
One of our very own reporters, Marcia Meadows, who does the Monday night human interest program, was also reported to be kidnaped by a local businessman but apparently has been rescued by a local high school sports hero.  More stories keep pouring in and we will try to bring them to you as soon as we receive them.  An apparent rumor that the governor's wife was being held hostage by the gunmen has been proven false because of verification from the state capitol that she is by her husband's side in Tallahassee."
"Also on a sad note.  Computer expert Steve Sidel, who designed the entire security and massive technology of the resort is still down in the hole.  He was leading the rescue attempt until the gunmen took over control of the exit.  Reported to be helping him is, Kathy Santos, the sole heir to the Santos Corporation, one of top three cosmetic manufacturers in the world.  Last report is that they are still alive but unable to assist in any more rescue attempts by the blocking of the gunmen.  We will pause for a moment for a commercial break but will return live to keep you completely informed on this continuing tragedy."


June 14, Saturday 3:13 p.m.
Front entrance of resort

Deputy Nelson Howirth had just stubbed out his twelfth cigarette when the first of the National Guard trucks rolled up beside the patrol car.  He saluted the sergeant that stepped out of the passenger side of the truck and stood at attention facing the camouflaged soldier.
"I'm glad you have arrived sir.  Everyone has been calling on the radio to see if you had gotten here yet."
"Well, it's a long way from Tampa but, we are here and we are ready to take over command.  Where is the sheriff?"
"He's inside, at the main sinkhole sir, taking care of one of our deputies that has been shot."
"How did that happen son?  I thought we were dealing with a land disaster here.  Did someone's gun accidentally go off?"
"No sir.  There are some gunmen who were trying to rob the resort when the sinkhole started and apparently the deputy got in the way of one of their guns.  They are supposedly holding hostages and not letting anyone in or out of the hole."
"We'll have to deal with these gun wielding punks before we can save the civilians.  Luckily we have a full armament aboard our vehicles.  We'll deal with them quickly.  You are free to go help your sheriff with your wounded deputy.  I'll station a guard here to relieve you but, remember don't get in our way when we take over."
"Thank you sir.  I won't be a burden on your troops.  I have had a lot of training in disaster situations at the academy.  I know exactly what to do."
Oh great, thought the sergeant.  A book learned soldier.  Just what we need to screw things up.  He signaled for two of the men in the back of the truck transport to stand guard at the entrance and they climbed out of the truck with their rifles and stood on each side of the roadway.  The deputy climbed in the patrol car and sped down the road toward the resort with the convey of military vehicles close behind him.


June 14, Saturday 3:17 p.m.
 In the hole

Steve Sidel waded through the water which was now waist deep with Tyrone Washington splashing behind him.  Steve had managed to hold on to his flashlight due to the fact that he had jammed it in his back pocket when he pulled the con on Frankie Medford.  He had no idea where Frankie had gone and at this point he could care less.  He had one thing on his mind and that was to find Kathy Santos.  He swept the flashlight in continuing arcs in front of him hoping to spot Kathy somewhere in the murky water.
"Any luck Steve?"  Tyrone yelled over the roar of the water.  "Have you seen any sign of her?"
"No Tyrone but, she has to be in this direction."  He pointed in front of them with the flashlight beam.  "The water would've carried her with the flow of the current.  We have to find her before it's too late.  I'm afraid she'll drown if we don't locate her in the next minute or two."
"We will Steve.  We will."  Tyrone tried to comfort Steve.  "What's that?"  He had spotted something in the beam of the flashlight on the right-hand side of them as the light had made one of its sweeps.
"Where are you talking about Tyrone?  I don't see a thing."
"On your right side.  Yeah, right there." 
Steve had swung the light back to where Tyrone was pointing by holding his arm in front of Steve's face.  They both sloshed through the water and reached a white and black object that was jammed against a fallen beam.  Tyrone reached gently down and lifted a body up to the surface of the water.  He quickly dropped it when he realized it was a man in a half-ripped off tuxedo with no head sticking out of the neck hole.  Steve took one look and said in a very solemn tone.
"I wondered what had happened to Dilford Bailey's body.  I found his head when I first came down here but the body wasn't lying next to it.  His body must have been back in the shadows and the water washed it over here.  Well come on Tyrone, we still have to find Kathy."
The two men continued their searching and arrived at the door to the kitchen.  The water was forcing the swinging door inward and they entered the kitchen with the hope that maybe Kathy had been washed into the kitchen area.  The emergency lights were still hanging near the ceiling in the kitchen and Steve turned off his flashlight when they entered the dimly lit kitchen.
"Well, welcome to the party Stevie baby."  Came a voice from the behind the center counter.  The voice was very similar to Steve's voice and Steve winced when he saw who his brother was holding against the counter with a large butcher knife.  "You wouldn't happen to know this lovely lady would you brother dear?  I saw you two together huddled in the shadows.  I was hiding myself waiting to see what was going to happen when this damn water started rushing in.  I saw the light coming from the window in the kitchen door so I knew I could climb on a counter if it got too high.  I had just pushed the door open when something bumped into my legs and almost knocked me over.  Well guess what?  I reached down and plucked this damsel in distress right out of the water.  She started gagging and coughing and pretty soon she was as good as new.  You wouldn't happen to want her back would you?"
"Let her go Sam.  She hasn't done anything to you.  If you want to hurt someone, try picking on someone your own size for a change, like me."
"Oh no buddy boy.  I think I'm going to stay right here with her while you go out to the hole in the ceiling and make sure you tell everyone out there that you have someone very important that needs to get out without being messed with.  I'll let her go as soon as I'm away from this place.  You have my word on that."
"Well, I know you've never lied to me before Sam.  At least not that I know of.  I'll take you at your word and tell the sheriff that you are going to climb out and that you will release her as soon as you are free.  Are you all right Kathy?"
"I'm fine Steve.  Just a little waterlogged.  Please don't worry.  I don't think your brother will hurt me as long as we do what he says."
"I'll go with you Steve."  Tyrone volunteered.  "To help convince them that no one will get hurt."
Steve and Tyrone headed out the door of the kitchen sloshing through the almost chest deep water.  The flow of the water had mellowed out a bit and it was a lot easier traveling than they had originally figured.
"Do you think he will hurt her Steve?"  Tyrone questioned.
"I hope he doesn't.  Up to this point he has always been just a petty thief but, you don't know how those partners of his might have warped his mind.  They were going for a pretty good heist here from what I understand and greed has a way of really changing someone's personality."
"Well, I hope you're right.  Some people go really nuts in crisis situations."
They got to the ramp and Steve started to climb up into the daylight.  When he reached the roof he looked back and didn't see Tyrone behind him.  He yelled back down into the hole.
"Hey Tyrone.  Are you coming up?"
"No Steve.  I think I'll stay right here until you get back.  Someone might come wandering through that needs help getting up the ramp and I'll be right here to assist them.  I can't really do anything up there that you can't do so, I might be a lot more help down here."
"Okay Tyrone but, be careful.  I'll be right back."
Steve climbed up the ladder and saw the sheriff leaning over a stretcher that two attendants from the helicopter were waiting to transport.
"Hey sheriff.  I've got a serious problem down there.  My brother is holding a woman hostage and he wants safe passage out of here.  He said he'll not harm her if you let him get away.  I believe him.  I think we should let him have his way."
"You're that Steve Sidel fella aren't you?  The one I heard was leading this whole rescue operation before I got here."
"Yes, I'm Sidel.  I don't know much about leading a rescue operation.  I just got a few people out.  That's all."
"Well, you're already pretty much of a folk hero around here.  Even that Tiffany Royal had some very heroic things to say about you.  I guess since you did so good I'll go along with what you are saying since it's your brother and all.  I just hope this doesn't get screwed up.  You tell him to come on out and I'll let him just walk away as long as he doesn't hurt anyone.  Okay?"
"Thanks sheriff.  I'll go and tell him."
Steve climbed back down the ladder and again descended the ramp.  He was surprised not to find Tyrone Washington at the bottom but, he decided Tyrone must have found someone to help.  He waded back through the by now almost still water and entered the kitchen.
"Okay Sam.  It's all set.  Now remember.  You will let her go as soon as you're free.
 "You have my word Steve."
Sam(Stretch)Sidel prodded Kathy with the knife and they began moving through the water toward the kitchen door.  Steve backed off to the side and let them pass.  He gave a worried look to Kathy but, she smiled at him and he immediately felt a lot better.  He watched them go through the door and he began to follow.  
"You son of a bitch."  Yelled Stretch as soon as they cleared the doorway.  "I'll fix you."
Kathy came flying back through the doorway as fast as the water would allow and Steve could see Stretch wrestling with someone through the open doorway.  He grabbed Kathy around the waist and pulled her behind him.  The moment she was safe he waded through the doorway to see what was happening.  He found Tyrone clutching his arm and bright scarlet was covering his hand.  He looked around and saw Stretch moving through the water toward the caved in part of the roof.
"What happened Tyrone?  How bad are you hurt?"
"Your brother stabbed me in the arm when I jumped him.  I didn't think he was so quick with that knife.  I'm all right.  Nothing a few drinks won't cure."
"You could have been killed pulling a crazy stunt like that.  I'm just glad you saved Kathy though.  Don't ever pull anything like that again!"
He helped Tyrone back through the kitchen door and grabbed a cloth towel that was still laying over a holder.  He fastened a temporary tourniquet to Tyrone's arm and reached for Kathy who was still shaking.  He walked his two friends through the water and helped them up the ramp.  When they got to the roof, the two twins were back on duty and helped Kathy and Tyrone up the ladders.
 "Aren't you coming Steve?  We're safe now."  Kathy asked.
"No.  As long as you're safe I have to go find my brother.  Somehow I have to do something."
"Please be careful Steve.  I can tell I wouldn't be able to talk you out of this.  Just come back safe and sound to me.  Okay."
 "I will Kathy.  I will.  My brother would never hurt me."
Steve went back down into the hole and Kathy followed with her eyes.  She knew this was the man for her and she would wait an eternity for him.


June 14, Saturday 3:19 p.m.
Front entrance road

Sergeant Gary Sutton of the Florida National Guard jumped out of the military transport before it came to a complete stop and looked around at the total devastation that lay around him.  The truck had pulled in directly behind the patrol car and he could see emergency vehicles lining both sides of the roadway and two helicopters, one of which was taking off and another whose rotors were spinning in anticipation of leaving shortly.  Two men with medic outfits on were carrying a stretcher toward the waiting helicopter and the sheriff was walking quickly along side saying something to the man on the stretcher.  The sergeant barely heard over the roar of the blades the sheriff telling the wounded man he was going to be all right and that he would visit him shortly in the hospital.
The attendants loaded the stretcher into the waiting helicopter and it began to lift off as soon as the two men climbed aboard.  The sheriff gave a farewell wave and turned toward the sergeant.
"Man, am I glad you guys are here.  We have a hell of a mess in there and we really need your help."
The sheriff looked back at the military convoy and was relieved to see all the soldiers that were disembarking from the trucks were armed.
"I'm glad your men brought their weapons.  We have some crazies in there, just like the one that shot my deputy.  I don't know where any of them are right now.  The water from the lake started pouring in the hole and everything turned upside down.  I don't believe they are holding any hostages at this point but, I know they are armed."
"We can take it from here sheriff.  My Captain put me in charge of this disastrous situation and my men have been fully trained to handle any emergency."
"I wish you the best of luck, sergeant but, I guarantee you have never seen anything like this.  Every time you turn around, the ground caves in.  Sort of like a series of mini earthquakes.  You never know if, where you are standing, will be there five minutes from now.  We have hundreds of people trapped, they were in the main building when it sank, and we don't even know how many might still be alive.  From the last report I heard, the water is more than four feet deep in the sinkhole.  It has slowed down in intensity but, I know a lot of people were unconscious when it flowed in and there is no way they could have gotten above the water level.  The death toll must be tremendous down there."
"We will access the situation and report back to you as soon as all the data has been accumulated.  Ready men?"
The sergeant broke his men off into their predetermined groups and they headed out to start their rescue attempt.  The sheriff followed them with his eyes and prayed they would get the man that shot his deputy.  He crossed back over the ditch and walked up to the survivors that were gathered around the main driveway in front of the sunken lobby.  There wasn't a lot of people out here he thought to himself.  How did one rich man's foolish attempt to make more money turn into such a loss of lives.  Well, he thought.  It's in God's hands now.


June 14, Saturday 3:20 p.m.
In the tunnel

Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham led the firefighters back to the outside doorway of the computer room.  They heard the roar of the water long before they reached the end of the tunnel but, the intensity of the water flow was nothing like they expected.  The water from the lake was pouring through the small office with such force that the computer monitors and the rest of the previously large amount of electronic equipment had been virtually stripped bare from the walls and counters.  Just when they approached where the door had originally been placed across the opening in the floor they heard the screams.  
"Help save me.  I don't want to die."
The majority of the water was pouring into the chasm and it resembled a miniature Niagara Falls.  The over splash that didn't fall in the hole was forming a small river that was starting to fill the tunnel where the men stood watching.  The screams continued and the lead fireman shined his high intensity light at the doorway leading from the main lobby.  They saw a man being forced by the heavy current trying to hold on to the doorway with both hands but they could tell the force of the water was winning the battle.
"Hold on man.  We'll try to grab you."  Two of the firemen who were carrying a ladder pushed past Kevin and Bill and tried to lay it across the opening in the floor.  "Just try to hang on."  Continued the Lieutenant.  "We'll be there in a second."
The man kept screaming as his grip on the doorway got weaker and weaker.  The firemen managed to stabilize the ladder in the heavy flow of the water by having several of the other fireman put their weight on the base of the ladder.  One of the firemen began crossing the ladder after securing a rope around his waist that was tied to the fireman closest to him.  He was halfway across the ladder, struggling against the heavy weight of the water when, the man lost his grip on the doorway.  He washed up to the opening and the fireman grabbed the tail of his tattered tuxedo just as he was falling over the edge.  The fireman reached his arm to place it around the man's neck and the tail of the tuxedo ripped apart from the rest of the suit.  The fireman was still holding the ripped tail in his right hand as the man disappeared from view in the waterfall.  The fireman knew the image of the man going over the edge would burn in his mind for a long time because of the look of horror on the man's face and the sharp contrast of the black tuxedo and the man's white albino features.


June 14, Saturday 3:25 p.m.
In the hole

Steve Sidel, gripping his flashlight in his right hand, waded through the muddy water, which had dropped back to waist level.  He headed north toward where the roof caved in looking for some sign of his brother.  He knew it was a slim chance that his brother would give up but, he figured it was worth the chance.  They were never been close, Steve had gone to college, graduated, gotten married and went to work as a computer programmer.  Sam(Stretch)Sidel had dropped out of school in the eleventh grade.  Hung around with a gang of street punks and made a living selling drugs and committing a large amount of petty thefts.  He was arrested fourteen times as a juvenile and been placed in detention only three times.  When he hit eighteen, three of his street pals and he stole a car, robbed a gas station, and tried to rob a liquor store when they were caught by an off duty detective who was buying his nightly booze fix.  Sam was sentenced to three years in state prison but served only nine months because of overcrowding.
The day he was released from prison, he and two ex-gang members were caught in an attempted rape of a middle-aged housewife who had been shopping in a mall.  They grabbed her as she was unlocking her car and forced her into the back seat with Sam and one of his pals pinning her down.  The third member of their little group grabbed her keys and roared out of the parking lot looking for a deserted area to fulfill their pent-up sexual desires.  Sam and the boy in back managed to rip the clothes off the terrified women and were getting ready to assault her even before they found a place to park.  An unmarked patrol car, whose occupants had just finished lunch at a fast food restaurant across from the mall, saw the woman's car peel out of the parking lot and radioed for back up when they spotted the woman screaming in the back seat.  
The patrol car followed for several blocks until they were advised that the backup units were waiting directly ahead.  They hit the siren and placed a flashing light on the dashboard and attempted to pull the fleeing vehicle over.  The driver of the stolen car pushed down on the accelerator in an attempt to lose the pursuing car when he ran into a roadblock that had been set up.  He swerved to avoid the two police cars that were blocking his path and lost complete control and crashed into the glass front of a coin Laundromat.  The three startled customers in the laundry scattered as the car came to a stop halfway through the front window.  The terrified lady jumped out and ran naked out the back door while the three would be rapist sat stunned in the car.  They were hustled, not too gently back to jail and Sam was sentenced to ten years in state prison.
He served only three years and seven months before being released and had continued with his life of crime but only on a lower profile.  He had gotten the idea to extort money from rich widows while serving his latest jail term and had only been arrested four times since his long stint in prison.  He served only six months at the longest of his four arrests and he met Frankie Medford while serving the latest time.
Steve approached the crumbled roof that was laying in the lobby and noticed an opening he could squeeze through.  When he managed to get his entire body through the tight area, he looked around with his flashlight and saw several bodies floating in the now still water.  He waded through the murky water and saw another opening on his left side.  Just as he cleared the fallen debris and found himself in a larger area he heard a gruff voice out of the darkness.
"Well, welcome back.  I was wondering what happened to you and that dark haired dame you tried to pass off as the governor's wife.  I ran into your brother shortly after I almost drowned in that torrent but, I'm tough and he explained to me who you were and to think you almost had me fooled."  Steve Sidel could see in the light of his flashlight that Frankie Medford was pointing a gun at Steve's chest as he approached him out of the darkness.  "I liked the idea of having the governor's wife as a hostage but I think you'll make a nice replacement.  Come on move it.  I'm going to get out of this stinking mud pit with your help."
Frankie jammed the gun in Steve's chest and forced him back out through the small opening.  "Don't try any fancy moves computer boy or you'll get a large bullet hole in you.  Let's get the hell out of here."


June 14, Saturday 3:27 p.m.
Front entrance to lobby

The sheriff watched as the TV crew interviewed various witnesses.  He heard a lot of different versions of the same story and he figured in a few days most of the tabloids would be paying large sums of money to the different survivors.  He thought they would base the rate of payment to each person the tabloid featured in their magazines, not on their personal experiences but on how well they could articulate to the public.  The more interesting way the same story was told, the more circulation they would achieve.  Fact of life.  A boring person didn't sell copy even if they were captured by aliens.  A very interesting person could find a gopher turtle and sell a million copies if they told the experience in a very people oriented way.
A small garrison of national guardsmen arrived at the entrance to the lobby in full battle dress and heavily armed.  They were lead by Sergeant Sutton and they began to descend the two ladders that led to the roof.  They were a picture of military discipline and would shame a swat team in their punctual movements and well-rehearsed battle plan.  The sheriff watched spellbound as they split into two strategic groups when they reached the bottom of the ramp and began to wade through, the by now, knee-deep water.
The lake pumps, having been earlier shut off by Becky McClellan did not refill the lake when the level dropped and the flow of water due to the lower level was almost at a standstill.  The sheriff descended one of the ladders and then the ramp in order to follow the exquisite moves of the national guardsmen.  He walked about five feet forward in the slow-moving water until he could get a good view of the operation and marveled at how well they performed their job.  The bright lights that they had carried into the sunken lobby lit the place up like a movie set and the sheriff could see quite a few piles of sodden clothes that were jammed against fallen beams and against the back wall.  He knew without looking closer that the piles of clothes contained unfortunate people who had drowned in the sudden flood from the lake.  
The guardsmen were searching every square inch of the exposed part of the lobby for any sign of a living person and they began helping a small group of people they had found huddled together near the front double doors of the lobby.  A large floral display had been mounted on a specially built platform near the doors and the small group of people had climbed up on the platform to avoid the sudden rush of water that suddenly filled the lobby.  They knocked over the elaborate display Dilford Bailey had painstakingly organized and crowded into the small area atop the platform.  They huddled together dripping wet until they heard the guardsmen arrive and a small cheer went up when they had realized the Calvary had arrived.  
The guardsmen escorted the group of survivors over to the ramp and up the ladders and the sheriff heard a loud scream of joy from the two movie stars, Tiffany Royal and Brandon Miles when they realized their two lost companions had been found.  The guardsmen shined all their available lights at the caved in section of the roof and began to explore the fallen down section with as much enthusiasm as they had displayed on the previous hunt for survivors in the open section of the lobby.  The sheriff waded through the knee high water till he reached the point where the main part of the roof caved in and watched the guardsmen as they continued their rescue mission.  The screams had long since faded from the fallen in section but, the sheriff figured out of the at least seven hundred people still trapped, at least a few were still alive.
The light shining through the crumpled roof section showed hundreds of people milling around wondering what really happened.  They were trapped by the fallen roof but, they had not been flooded out and they had not found an escape route until the guardsmen shined the portable spotlights in their direction.  They began pouring out of the crumpled area in which they thought they had been trapped and the national guard backed up to allow the heavy influx of  survivors to reach the ramp and afterward the ladders to reclaim their freedom.  The death toll began to decrease as soon as the sheriff realized that most of the people trapped in the sinkhole were actually alive and not dead as most people actually believed.  There were repeated shouts of joy as the survivors made their way to freedom and the people on the surface recognized people, who were originally thought of as fallen victims, were actually alive.  The sheriff wondered what happened to the two erratic gunmen but decided it wasn't his problem and finding so many survivors had made his day.


June 14, Saturday 3:34 p.m.
In the tunnel

The firemen and Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham waded through the knee-deep water into the back side of the lobby.  They carefully crossed the makeshift ladder bridge and were searching for survivors in the murky gloom.  The spotlights the firemen carried lit up large sections of the interior of the lobby and they began finding stragglers wandering around with no sense of direction because of the duration of time spent in almost total darkness.  They guided the people over to the ladder bridge with its rope made hand rails and convinced them it was safe to cross.  It was a terrifying look into the deep chasm under the ladder so, the firemen tried to focus their lights away from the hole.  They told the people they helped cross not to look down and to hold tight to the ropes.  
Most of the crossings were without mishaps but, several people including a twenty-five year old legal secretary had to be carried across because not only did she have a fear of heights but she also suffered from claustrophobia from being in such a contained area.  
The two friends, Kevin and Bill, and the firemen heard the shouts of joy from the rescued people that had been trapped in the caved in roof section and they began seeing national guardsmen searching the same area they were in.  Feeling their part of the job was finished now, the other entrance must have been cleared of gunmen due to the presence of the guardsmen, and the firemen and Kevin and Bill crossed back over the ladder and began walking back down the long tunnel.
The sight of the open sky brought smiles again to the faces of the two friends and they climbed back up the ladder for, they hoped the last time, back into the real world.  The blue summer cloudless sky and the deep green wide expanse of grass with the still running waterfall in the distance made life somehow really worth it.  Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham exchanged handshakes and eventually hugs from all the firemen and started walking back to the front driveway to reclaim their wives and kids.  The smiles on their faces were almost etched into their features as the sight of their families safe and sound brought tears of joy to the tough masculine men.


June 14, Saturday 3:37 p.m.
In the lobby

Frankie Medford held the gun tightly against Steve Sidel's neck and told him that if he made a sound he would pull the trigger and splatter Steve all over the wall.  They were in a makeshift enclosed area under the fallen section of the roof in the north side of the lobby.  Several beams from the roof crisscrossed when they had fallen and were wedged against the back wall near the upraised band area.  The roofing tiles and felt paper and plywood from the roof had fallen with the beams and made a simple tent like affair.
The moment Frankie heard the voices of the national guardsmen, he pushed Steve into the miniature shelter, and they hid until the guardsmen cleared the people out of the fallen roof area.  The time passed very slowly for Steve even though it was less than ten minutes, because of the death threat pressing against his neck.  Frankie no longer heard any noises from the fallen in area and he told Steve to stick his head around the corner of the debris and see if the coast was clear.
"I don't see anyone out there."  Steve replied in a grim tone.  "Why don't you let me go now?"
"Not so fast, computer boy.  You are my ticket out of here."
They started walking out of the enclosed area with the gun still pressed tightly against Steve's neck.
"Let's see if we can walk our way past all these solder clowns."	
They walked through the rubble of the fallen roof and exited through the opposite side that they had entered.  The water level was now only ankle deep in the main part of the lobby and they could see lights across the room where the opening was torn in the roof.  They walked along the back wall to avoid a confrontation until the last moment and walked past the door to the computer room.
"Wait a minute."  Frankie whispered harshly in Steve's ear.  "I want to check that room out."
He backed Steve up until they were even with the door way and he told Steve to shine his flashlight into the dark room.  The room was now void of most of the computer equipment due to the tremendous water pressure that had funneled into the small area.  They could see by the light of the flashlight that the door was missing and that a large hole was beyond it.  The firemen had removed their ladder bridge and rope railings and the hole looked largely impassable.  Frankie pushed Steve over to the edge of the hole and had Steve shine the light down into the dark pit.  It looked bottomless from their point of view and Frankie told Steve to shine his light around the small room again.  Frankie paid close attention to where the beam of light landed and told Steve to hold the light steady when it was focused on the computer desk.
"Hand me the light and don't try anything funny when you do it."  He scowled at Steve.  "Now walk over to that desk and see how tight it is fastened to the wall."
Steve walked over to the desk and tightly grabbed the desk top and gave it a hard jerk upward.  It came free with a loud screeching noise as the screws pulled loose and Steve looked blankly back at Frankie.
"Don't be a dummy.  Go place it over that big hole.  That's our way out of here."
Steve carried the desktop carefully over to the chasm and set the bottom end on the ground near his feet.  The water was a mere one half inch deep by this point and it didn't interfere with the desk top.  Steve let the top end go and it fell with a small thump when it hit the rock bottom of the tunnel on the other side of the hole.  It cleared the opening by less than two inches on either side and a wide smile came to Frankie Medford's face.
"I knew it would work."  He boasted to Steve.  "I'm a genius."
He looked directly into Steve's eyes and said.  "Well, I may be a genius but, I'm not stupid.  You're going across first to see if it'll hold your weight.  If it breaks and you fall into that nasty pit, no big loss.  I'll just find another way out and I won't have to worry about you pulling a fast one when my back is turned.  Go ahead.  Get your butt across there but, remember don't try anything funny.  This gun will reach across that hole quite well.  The minute you get across, if you do, don't try to run because I'll blow your ass to bits.  Understand?"
Steve nodded his head in agreement and tentatively stepped on the desktop.  He put his full weight on his right foot and it seemed to hold all right.  He placed his left foot down and then proceeded to slowly cross the makeshift bridge.  The desktop bowed a lot in the middle but it held his weight and he finally made it to the other side.  When he was again on solid ground, he breathed a large sigh of relief and turned backed toward Frankie and waited for him to cross.
Frankie had gotten his left foot started on the bridge when Steve saw movement behind Frankie in the open doorway of the computer room.  A national guardsman uniform was standing in the doorway and peering intently into the light caused by the flashlight Frankie was holding.  Steve felt a feeling of total euphonium when he saw the man start to enter the room.  The Calvary had finally arrived, he thought to himself and he saw Frankie staring at him with a look of puzzlement on his face.  Frankie turned around and took his aim off Steve and pointed in the direction of the doorway.
"Howdy folks."  Came a too familiar voice out of the darkness.  "I was wondering where you guys had gotten to."
Steve's wonderful feeling vanished quickly when he recognized Stretch's voice coming from the national guardsman's uniform.
"Where in the hell did you get that Stretch?  I thought for a moment you were the enemy."
"It's a long story Frankie but, I can condense it into a smaller version for you.  Someone gave the guardsmen a description of us.  I think it was that girlfriend of my brother and also the desk clerk even though she hadn't seen me.  Anyway the guardsmen found me hiding in that fallen down section, right near the bar and they started questioning me pretty extensively.  One of them went back to ask the sergeant what to do and when the other one was alone, I caught him off guard and planted a kitchen knife I had tucked into the back of my waistband deeply into his ribs.  He fell without a sound and I was almost finished changing into his uniform when the other one came back.  He thought at first that the guy on the ground was me and I caught him totally off guard and gave him the same treatment as his buddy.  Unfortunately for them, these two were helping the people get out of the fallen-in area and they had left their rifles at the base of the ramp.  I would like to have a rifle or two but what the heck.  I can probably sneak right past them with this uniform on and I don't really need one."
"Well buddy."  Exclaimed Frankie.  "Let's get out of here over this bridge that your stupid brother is standing on the other side of."
"Not so fast, Frankie.  I have something I have to discuss with you first.  I want my share of the loot you and Carrie got out of that vault.  I don't know where he is at and at this point I don't really care.  Once we get on the surface you could split with mine and Carrie's share and I'd would probably never see you again.  I want the money up front."
He walked up to Frankie and held his hand out.  Frankie stepped back off the desktop and held out both hands, one containing the flashlight and one containing the gun.
"Come on Stretch.  You know I wouldn't screw you over.  We have been friends too long.  Besides, I gave the money to Carrie to hold because I had my hands full with holding people hostage."
"You know Frankie.  You're a fucking liar.  You would never have trusted Carrie to hold the money."  He quickly reached out with the butcher knife and slit Frankie's throat from ear to ear.  He watched as Frankie slowly crumbled to the ground and he reached into the fallen man's shirt and pulled out a folded canvas bag.  He picked up the flashlight that had rolled across the floor when Frankie had dropped it and the gun and peered into the bag.  "Just as I thought."  He said to Steve over the chasm.  "It's full of money and jewels from the safe.  I knew he was lying to me.  Stay right where you are.  I'm crossing over."
He picked up the revolver from the pile of mud it landed in, barrel first and pointed it at his brother.
 "We need to make tracks.  I don't like the idea of all these guardsmen running around when I am still wearing their uniform."
They started walking down the tunnel toward the light with the gun again placed against Steve's neck.


June 14, Saturday 3:55 p.m.
In the tunnel

Kathy Santos paced back and forth in front of the hole leading down into the lobby.  She was worried about Steve.  Why hadn't he come back yet, she wondered?  He has been gone way too long.  Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham returned from the newly found exit on the other side of the resort and were rejoicing with their families.  She decided to walk over and ask them if they had seen Steve before they climbed out of the sunken lobby.  She approached the two men with a worried look on her face and the two friends looked at her and asked what was wrong.
"Have either of you seen Steve?  He stayed down in the hole to look for his brother and I haven't seen him come back.  He wasn't wandering around where you were was he?"
"No Kathy."  Bill volunteered.  "We saw quite a few people but, we haven't seen him since we separated the first time.  We thought he was back on the surface with you."
"Well, I'm really worried.  He should have been back by now.  I think I'll walk over to where you two climbed out and see if he might come out over there."
"We'll go with you if you want Kathy and try to help you locate him."  Kevin said.
"No, it's all right.  You two stay with your families.  They're happy to have you back."
"I'll go with you."  Paula Howard suggested.  She was standing a few feet away with Tyrone Washington while, a paramedic was bandaging his arm.  She heard the conversation and she wanted Kathy to find Steve.  She had seen the look between them and knew she had witnessed one of those miracle "love at first sight" scenarios.  "You'll be all right won't you?"  She directed the question at Tyrone.
"I'll be fine honey."  He replied.  "You two go find Steve.  I'm sure he will be happy to see you." 
The two women walked around the collapsed lobby and headed for the other hole across the green courtyard.  They both looked back and saw the scattered hundreds of people walking around enjoying their freedom from their near death experience.
Stretch Sidel kept nudging his brother in the back while they walked along the rock floor of the tunnel.  
"Why don't you put that gun away?  You know I'm not going to try to take it away from you."
"Shut up Steve.  I'm sick of you always telling me what to do.  You've done it all my life and I don't have to deal with it anymore.  You always thought you were better than me and bossed me around because of it.  Well I'm the boss now and you're going to do exactly what I say.  Got it?"
"Okay Sam.  Settle down.  I didn't try to boss you around.  I just tried to help you.  I wanted you to get your life straightened out.  Get a job.  Raise a family.  I didn't want you to have to go back to prison again for making stupid mistakes.  You could have turned your life around if you had let me help you."
They got to the end of the tunnel and saw the ladder that was still leaning against the dirt wall of the hole.  Sam(Stretch)Sidel told his brother to turn around and he pointed the gun at his head.
"You know Steve.  I hate for it to end this way but, I can't afford to let you live in order to testify against me for killing those guardsmen and Frankie.  I'm sorry Steve."
Kathy Santos and Paula Howard had just reached the edge of the hole and looked down 
when they saw Stretch pointing the gun at Steve's head.
"Don't do it.  Oh my God, no."  Kathy screamed.
Stretched pulled the trigger and the blast echoed in the enclosed area.  Kathy Santos fainted as the reality of what happened sunk in.


June 14, Saturday 4:45 p.m.
In the main driveway

"This is Wendy Wikowski, reporting live from the massive sinkhole that has struck central Florida.  In our earlier report we stated that hundreds of people, perhaps a thousand were still trapped below the surface of the ground.  We are happy to announce at this time that the Florida National Guard has now taken control of the situation and with their extensive disaster training and large equipment allocation they found a large group of people thought originally drowned when the lake poured into the sinkhole.  The death toll is much lower than earlier forecast and hundreds of jubilant people are milling around, thankful they are no longer trapped in this water filled pit of horror."
"On our earlier report we stated the two traveling companions of internationally famous movie stars Tiffany Royal and Brandon Miles were missing and presumed dead.  They have both been located safe and sound and were saved from near disaster by clinging precariously to a large floral display stand deep within the bowels of the earth.  The quick and efficient work by the National Guard saved those two peoples lives and we have been told the movie stars were ecstatic upon their rescue.  On a lighter note we have also been informed that Tiffany Royal and Brandon Miles have announced their engagement and they both plan to completely retire at the end of Tiffany's latest TV series."
"The deputy wounded in the earlier kidnapping attempt has been airlifted to Lakeland and at this point is in stable condition.  We also have some very sad news to report.  A body tentatively identified as multi-billionaire and creator of this once lavish resort, Hiruto Tankinato has been found, face completely disfigured by a falling gutter system.  The once proud man has died still wearing the colors of his world famous resort."
"We have to pause for a commercial announcement but we will return in sixty seconds."  Wendy Wikowski looked at her cameraman and gave him the thumbs up signal.  She brushed the hair back off of her forehead and continued reporting as soon as she saw the red light mounted on top of the camera flash back on.
"We have returned once more to this, one of Florida's largest disasters, and will continue reporting live as the reports pour in.  The computer expert Steve Sidel has not been found at this point but, we were assured he is still alive and kicking deep in the bottom of the sinkhole.  Kathy Santos, the sole heir to the Santos fortune, has been located and is reported to be doing quite well but is deeply concerned for the safety of Steve Sidel."
"The apparent hostage situation has completely evaporated with the arrival of the National Guard and the fate of the gunmen are still unknown.  Ecologists Kevin Backlin and Bill Forham have been credited with saving many lives by finding a back exit out of the sunken lobby and leading fireman back through the dangerous area at the risk of their own lives in order to save more than a score of people.  At this time, we have been told the two men are reunited with their families.  An earlier report we received but, had not broadcast were, the sons of the famous ecologists had fallen into another sinkhole somewhere in the surrounding woods and the quick thinking of cosmetic heiress Kathy Santos saved their lives.  Another earlier report not broadcast was the marina captain Otis Sherman had been trapped in his own collapsed marina office and the heroic efforts of Paul Zangallio, a resort lifeguard, with the use of CPR saved his life.  Paul Zangallio, was the local sports hero we originally broadcast as saving our own reporter, Marcia Meadows, from an assault from a local businessman gone berserk.  Way to go Paul.  We hope you get a medal from the president for your outstanding contributions to Mankind.  We will continue broadcasting live from central Florida with each breaking news report.  One more report before we brake for commercials.  The prestigious manager of this resort, Dilford Bailey, has been also found dead in the sunken lobby.  I guess the captain in this case, went down with his ship.  This is Wendy Wikowski live from central Florida."


June 21, Saturday 11:30 a.m.
Woodlawn Memorial Gardens

Kathy Santos, dressed in black, walked slowly toward the open grave and tossed a single rose into the deep dank hole.  It landed atop the walnut casket and slid slowly down the side into the bottom of the grave.  The tears had streaked her makeup and she kept gently sobbing.  The funeral pamphlet had "Sidel may he rest in peace" on the front cover and she was clutching it in a black gloved hand.
"I only briefly knew him but I can really feel the loss."  She said to Becky McClellan who was standing on her left side.  "Such a tragic loss.  It didn't have to happen."
"Well Kathy.  They say things always happen for the best.  He might have messed up your life.  This is probably better this way."
Paul Zangallio walked up to the two women and said.  "Did I tell you I saw Otis this morning at the hospital?  They managed to set both his legs properly and he should be back on his feet in about two months."
"That's great Paul.  I know you really care for him."  Kathy said.  A small smile on her face.  "I was just talking to Becky, Paul and I think she is right.  Sometimes things happen for the best."
She turned around and looked back at the minister and a tall well dressed man having an intimate conversation.  She walked over to the two men and waited till they finished their talk before she interrupted.  "I'm really sorry about your brother.  I feel as big a loss as you must."
"Thank you for sharing this time with me.  It was a tragedy he died so young.  You know, we have our whole life ahead of us and we can't let this take us down."
Steve Sidel put his arm around Kathy's shoulder and started leading her back to the row of cars lining the tree-covered roadway.
"You know that bullet could have killed you instead of him.  It's funny how fate works but, in this case I'm glad it worked this way.  Who would have ever thought that the mud in the barrel of the gun would blow up in his face instead of hitting you?  I'm sorry your brother is dead but you are alive for me."
"I can't wait to marry you and live happily ever after but, tell me one thing.  How come you didn't tell me you were rich?"
"Would it make any difference?  I heard you weren't so poor yourself."
"I have plenty of money for us to live comfortably the rest of our lives.
 "Then, I would like to take some of my money and invest it in Kevin and Bill's business.  If they had enough clout they could prevent something like this from ever happening again."
"I think that is a great idea, future wife of mine."
He kissed her on the cheek and she looked him in the eye and said.  "We will live happily ever after.  I love you Steve."

The End


