
The
Elevator

Anthony O’Brian
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved
ISBN: 9781311622655

2nd Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading my work.  This is the 2nd edition, with corrections and repairs to the news links at the end.  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.  No part of this publication may be duplicated, copied, or used without prior permission from the author.

Early Reviews for THE ELEVATOR:

“I read (devoured) it and I gotta say, great story.  Too short though; there is so much more story there….very well done.” – Keith H., Kamiah, ID


“Really like it.  Hard to put down.  Very intriguing and fun storyline.  I definitely was hooked.” – Kevin M., Tulsa, OK


Additional Titles by Anthony O’Brian:


The Two Schillings
The Last Nazi





The Elevator

Prologue


This mission had been unlike any other for anyone aboard that had been in the Soviet sub program but for two men, the Captain and the Executive Officer.  
The new Soviet Borei class nuclear sub, the K-535 SSBN Yury Dolgoruky at 574 ft. and 2in., capable of housing 32 Bulava SLBM’s, had been lying off the coast of Greenland for two days.  Not moving, not making any sound.  The crew was tense and on edge.  They were told upon launch they were going to sea trials, yet they sensed it was something different.  All the crew had been briefed in old-fashioned Soviet style; do your duty and don’t question anything.  This voyage was for Mother Russia.  Even though the hardliner Communist-era was gone, there were still stirrings within the hearts of these men of loyalty to the ideology of Mother Russia, what they thought of as Soviet patriotism.
Suddenly, there was a change in the air.  The ship creaked ever so slightly and began to slowly move forward, its pump jet engine barely audible even within the enormous tubular, steel ship.  The sailors looked at one another and then looked around.  They were definitely underway; the tell-tale sway beneath their feet, though slight, awakened their sea legs with familiarity.  They were back into action.
There was no announcement over the intercom system; they had expected none, especially after the two days of silence.  This did not disappoint them, only heightened their sense of the clandestine.  The fact was only three men on board knew their destination and only two of these knew their actual mission; the captain and an agent of the newly formed Soviet Political Enforcement Agency, the resurrected arm of the KGB that supplied so many Second World War and Cold War ships with ‘Political Officers’.  It was the Captain’s job to carry out the mission, but it was the SPEA agent’s to ensure that it was so done.  You might call it a mutual agreement of distrust and resentment, again a relic of the past.
“Well, Lieutenant Kerkov, we are now underway.”  Spoke Captain Alexander Kulegin.
“Yes.” The SPEA agent replied without looking up from the chart.
“Respect Lieutenant, for the sailors’ sake.”  The Captain spoke barely above a whisper at Kerkov’s elbow.  “It will save a lot of questions.”
Kerkov immediately came to attention and saluted the Captain.  “I am so sorry sir, it will not happen again.  I was so intent on the orders you gave me that my less respectful side showed through.”
Captain Kulegin returned the gesture and pointed to a location on the screen.  The Executive Officer was watching the exchange with curiosity, but didn’t need to see the LED display to where the Captain was pointing…he knew.  Lieutenant Kerkov watched as the Captain manipulated the display to show their exact location, as they headed toward the Labrador Current, with a moving symbol of a Soviet sub.  He listened as the Captain explained their heading and told him the schedule of course changes over the period of the next couple of days.
“And this will give us the greatest chance of avoiding detection once we approach the International Waters Boundary?”
“Absolutely.”  The Captain indicated the place where the continental shelf began.  “We have extremely deep water to this point.”  He looked at the SPEA Agent, “After that it becomes dangerous, very dangerous.  One way in…one way out.”
Kerkov nodded and stared at the Captain intently.  “It will work.”  Was all he replied and turned around and left the Command Control.
As soon as the door closed, Dimitri Petranov looked up from his work to find the Captain staring at the door.  Sensing the eyes upon him, Captain Alexander Kulegin turned and met his Executive Officer’s gaze.  Neither spoke, but they both knew.  They didn’t trust him, not one bit.

[↕]

Faddei felt the ship move and looked at his junior ordinance officer.  The Yury was underway once again.  It had been a long rest, two days, but that is what he was used to.  This was his 14th year in the Russian Navy, 12 of those years being spent under the water.   He had often wished there was a porthole he could look through to see all of the places he had been in the world’s oceans.  He was fascinated by the depths.
Ilya, the junior office was not as seasoned as his superior, the steady Faddei; he had been tense the last two days beyond belief.  Faddei had told him it would all be alright, he had been on many missions and at least one sea trail.  This was normal.  This was good.
“They’ve got to check out all aspects of this vessel; everything that might come up later.  Sitting on the bottom is as old as submarines.  Don’t fret.  It won’t be long and we will blow and get underway.”
While this did worry Ilya, it wasn’t that entirely.  It was something else that he could not get out of his mind.  He had been there to watch the loading of missiles while in port.  Yes, the paperwork said they were of standard dimensions and weight, but entirely empty and inert, for sea trials.  The captain had tasked him to accompany a very stern looking civilian in a navy blue suit and dark sun glasses to observe loading.  Ilya assumed it was a politician or someone involved in the ship’s construction, as the man did not appear inclined for conversation he did not ask.  They were standing by the base of the conning tower watching, neither speaking, when the crane operator swung a dummy missile too fast and lowered it too soon.  The missile slipped in its rigging, threatening to fall into the sea.  The man beside Ilya was horror struck and a look of terror and panic overcame his features.  While Ilya admitted to himself any mistake could mean a person’s position, career, or future, there was something intangible about the man’s reaction that troubled him.
Once the missile tubes were loaded the man asked to be taken below deck to the missile command station.  There was a control room and then several support rooms.  Then there were the catwalks where the missile silos could be observed and serviced if necessary.  That was where the man asked to be taken.
As they entered the largest room on the submarine, the man went directly to a small storage container off to the side and opened it.  Reaching in he withdrew a box labeled, ракеты службы блокировки, “Missile Service Locks”.  This surprised Ilya, but he had his orders.  The man went straight to each missile, all 20 of them and snapped on the lock over the service door hasp.  Then he did something that was forever burned into Ilya’s mind.  He pocketed the keys.
“We are finished.”  The man tersely informed Ilya.  “Take me topside.”
This was done and without another word the man walked away, climbed up to the dock and disappeared.  Ilya had never spoken of this to anyone.



Chapter 1 – 8.14.2014, 07:49 AM EST


Timothy Gillette was running a little late to work.  He sped just a little more than usual as he weaved his way in and out of heavy traffic.  He had already been late three times this year.  Tim often read or researched various topics or hobby interests late into the night only to fall asleep at his desk or on the couch without setting his alarm.  Last night was no exception…he was probably going to be late again.
Tim pulled into the parking space marked ‘RESERVED DefSol Engineering - Division President’.  He threw the Mercedes into park and jumped out nearly before the vehicle had come to a complete stop.  Grabbing his valise he bolted down the sidewalk and swiped his key card on the ‘EMPLOYEES ONLY’ doorway. The light glowed green and he jerked the door wide, hurrying inside.  His feet made swift tapping sounds on the marbled main floor.
Nestled in downtown Manhattan the Dwight Building’s fifty floors were shared by thirty-four different companies, one of which was DefSol, which stood for Defense Solutions Engineering, Inc., they held an entire two floors to themselves, with plans for a third should this contract go through.  When Tim was on time, he was exact, thus he often saw the same exact people nearly every morning with only slight variation.  He knew that he didn’t even have to look at this watch; all he had to do was see who was waiting for the elevator and he would know just how late he was.  Tim rounded the corner and continued on for twenty more feet.  The bank of elevators was just around another corner from there.  Missing an elevator in the morning could add four or five minutes to the tardiness of an employee, he didn’t want to do that today of all days.  He was going to be finishing a project today that should net him a hefty sum on commission to the Department of Defense.  It was his brainchild and had received the go-ahead from the Corporate Vice President going forward.  Timothy had hand-picked seven different engineers within various segments of the company to help with the project.  No one of them knew what they were working on entirely, only him.  There, as with any such project, had been numerous changes, revisions, and corrections sent back and forth, but day before yesterday they all ended up on his desk, all seven of them, finished and perfect.  He had spent yesterday putting everything together, even staying late, and now it was ready for a preliminary presentation to a DOD agent, meeting him here in a few hours.  He was sure of a sale.
Just as he came around the corner he saw the middle elevator’s doors closing.  “Wait!”  He hollered and waved his arm.  His eyes caught several familiar faces.  One belonging to the lovely Jacqueline Defray, employee of DefSol, worked on his project actually.  That meant he wasn’t going to be late after all!  She was one of the people he saw every morning when he was on time.  Jacqueline reached over quickly and hit the ‘Door Open’ button.  There was a second’s hesitation as the doors continued closing and then came together.  Then they suddenly sprang back open and Tim completed the last four steps and was inside!
A small cheer went up and Tim gave Jacqueline a high-five.  Someone slapped his back then the doors closed and they started up.

[↕]

The green LED display above the elevator door ticked off the last seven remaining floors in rapid succession with no interruptions.  There were only two people left on the elevator riding their way to the forty-seventh and forty-eight floors respectively.  Tim looked over at Jacqueline and smiled, his green eyes twinkling with sincere warmth and sincere admiration of his associate’s perfect olive complexion and equally perfect figure.  Jacqueline was beautiful, intelligent, and a vivacious woman of twenty-five.  She took great pains to eat healthy, stay fit, and stay sharp.  She never overdressed or wore tight, revealing clothes, but somehow she always managed to turn the men’s heads.  Jacqueline knew this, but she paid them little attention; she was intensely focused on her career…for the most part.  She did have a secret romantic interest that she found she could not shake, the man in the elevator with her, her boss, Timothy Gillette.  As far as she knew, Tim wasn’t interested in the least, except he would fix her with an intense measuring stare sometimes for several seconds – as he was doing now.  It was nothing overt or rude, just simply a steady gaze into her dark grey eyes.
They were alone now in the elevator, having dropped the others off at various floors.  A crisp electronic bell sounded and the elevator slowed quickly and came to a smooth stop.  “Floor 47” a soft, equally electronic voice spoke.  The doors opened.
Looking back down from the display, Jacqueline spoke the obvious, but made no move toward the waiting foyer.  “This is my floor.”  She smiled at Tim revealing perfect teeth, even and sparkling white.
“Yes…it is.”  Tim, somewhat uncomfortable at their short, solitary ride, cleared his throat and moved his valise into his left hand.  Extending his right hand he said, “Thanks for waiting for me Jacqueline.”
She looked at the hand and laughed lightly, her voice tinged with just enough huskiness and feminine pitch to make it perfect as well.
“Mr. Gillette,” Feeling an unusually burst of self confidence, she looked full into his eyes and erased the smile from her face.  “I will always wait on you.”  With that she turned and walked out of the elevator.
Before Tim had time to comprehend her words or appreciate the view, the elevator doors snapped shut and he felt gravity press up on his feet.  He stood, like a statue, arm still extended until a crisp bell sounded and a soft electronic voice spoke. “Floor 48.”
He came out of his trance, looking first at the display above the door and then back to his hand.  He quickly put his hand down just as the doors opened.  He quickly walked out into a short hallway with nothing but three doors.  He went to the door straight in front of the elevator, swiped his card, waited and walked briskly into another hallway with three more doors.  Once again, he walked to the door straight ahead, but this time upon swiping his card a panel slid open in the wall.  He put his right hand in and waited as the light scanned his palm.  The magnetic lock hummed and he pushed open his office door as the lights, soft background music and HVAC kicked on.
Man!  What just happened to me?  Once, his office door closed behind him he lost his composure and professional demeanor.  He threw his valise onto the leather sofa and ripped off his jacket, throwing it onto the armchair.  “What just happened?!”  He pounded the corner of his desk with his fist.  He stood there for several seconds looking at the wall behind his desk lined with old books.  Then he quickly turned and walked to the window and pushed the button for the blinds.  He was instantly bathed in blinding morning sunlight and looked out over the city from 560 feet high.  He was confused.  This only made him angrier.  He couldn’t even think through the last few minutes, much less clearly.  She didn’t shake my hand!  Then walked out after saying something stupid!  Now, he was feeling a whole plethora of feelings.  He hated that!  That’s why he had sworn off associating with women at work too much.  They interfered in his work!  At 32, he was head of his division of DefSol, Inc. here in New York City and headed for an executive vice-president position in his opinion.  Now here he stood, immersed in an uncontrollable bath of emotions, and had completely forgotten why he was so excited to come to work today.
“I can tell you.”  A man’s voice spoke from behind him.  Tim whirled around, the blood instantly pounding in his temples and his body flooded with adrenaline.  Tim stared as his mind registered the presence of the intruder.  “Put away your jujitsu, Mr. Gillette.”  The man laughed as Tim relaxed and put away his attack stance that he didn’t even remember taking out.
“Larry!  What are you doing in my office?!”  Tim yelled.  His office was supposed to be highly secure.
“Just standing here.”  Larry could be a real pain at times, not all the time, but a real New Yorker he would say.  “Watching you throw a fit.  You sorta lost it once you came in here, Tim.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“She’s a real looker ain’t she?”  Larry’s voice got low and real confidential, with a strange tone to it, somewhat more heavily accented then Tim remembered.
“What are you talking about?”  Tim yelled again and then started across the room the veins standing out on his forehead.
“Calm down.  Jacqueline Defray, that what I am talking about.  She’s got you messed up.”  Larry’s voice maintained its conspiratorial tone.
“That’s it, Larry!  Out!”  Tim face was red as he pointed to the door.  “Out before I throw you out with broken bones!”
“Not so fast, Mr. Gillette.”  Larry’s voice notched up somewhat.  “I was sent here by your boss and you ain’t throwing me nowheres if you want your job to remain intact.”
This stopped Tim and he lowered his jabbing finger and looked at his associate with a puzzled expression.  “What!?”
“You heard me.”  It was here that Larry made his first mistake.  He walked over to the bar refrigerator and took out two bottles of Pierre, snapped the caps off and handed one to Tim.  “Sit.”  Larry motioned to the couch.  For some reason Tim obediently sat.  Larry took the opposing arm chair and sipped his bottle of sparkling water.
“What’s going on?”  He asked, still stunned.
“Plenty.”  Larry took another swallow. “Something’s come up and we are caught in the hot seat.  That is DefSol, I mean.  Particularly it’s New York Division President.  Namely you, Timothy R. Gillette.”  Larry pointed at Tim with the bottle of sparkling water.
Tim could see the small tiny bubbles popping out of the bottle and then the stubby forefinger extended toward him from the neck of the bottle.  His eyes finally focused on Larry.  Larry was as serious as a ball peen hammer, round face and all.  He shifted his weight, the leather couch creaked.
The phone on Tim’s desk chirped.  Tim stood up and walked over to the front of his desk and reached for the receiver.
“Forget it.”  Larry wasn’t joking.
The phone chirped again.  Tim’s hand hovered over the receiver and looked at the blinking light.
“It’s an internal call.”  Tim reasoned, frustrated that he was taking orders from this guy.
“Forget it.  You better silence your cell phone too.  I am going to need you for the next 10 minutes without interruption.”
Tim hit the ‘voicemail’ button and reached in his pocket, pulled out his cell phone and silenced the ringer.  He turned back to the couch and his Pierre.
He checked his anger with a great deal of effort.  This man was forgetting all protocol and also just who he was, but it must be important, he reasoned.  “Talk to me Mr. Lazzaro Belluci.”
His real name was Lazzaro, but Larry was easier…for everybody.  Unfazed, Larry continued.  “How is your project coming?”
“Done.  It is ready for final evaluation.  I have an appointment with a DOD agent this afternoon.”  Tim was so pleased with himself and his team that he failed to ask himself how Larry even knew about the project.
“Cancel it.”  Larry said flatly.
Tim nearly sprayed sparkling water across the open space between them.  He swallowed hard.  “What?”
“Again, you heard me.”
“Listen, last time I checked you were a junior engineer on the forty-seventh floor working on civil defenses contracts for metropolitan police forces and now you somehow appeared in my office ahead of me and you are taking drinks from my fridge and ordering me around!  What is going on?!”
Larry sidestepped the question and then took another sip of Pierre.  “I am always at work ahead of you.”
“So help me God, if you don’t answer some questions or get out of here I will snap your neck and gladly go to prison for it!  I don’t need security to deal with you!”
Larry pulled something out of his pocket with his left hand and tossed it on the glass coffee table.  It landed heavily and flipped open.
It lay there, where it had come open, and Tim could easily see the words on the badge.  ‘Special Agent Department of Homeland Security’.

[↕]

Jacqueline cradled the phone to her ear as she typed away on her computer, answering an email.  It simply rang and rang, then sent her to voicemail again.  “Hello, this is the desk of Timothy Gillette, Chief Engineer and Division President of DefSol, Inc.  New York please leave me a message…”  This time she did.
“Hello. Mr. Gillette, this is Jacqueline Defray on 47, I know you are extremely busy, but can you give me a call at your earliest convenience?  My extension is 4765.  I have received several odd emails today from a company we did business with earlier this year.  I would like to speak with you about them…in person.  Thanks.”
She hung up, finished typing the email, and then pushed back from her desk.  She swiveled around and walked out of her small interior office and went down the hall to the coffee machine.  It was going to be a long day.

[↕]

“Okay so what’s the story?” Tim made no move to touch the badge and finally Larry sat up, reached over and picked it up, sliding it back into the inside pocket of his suit.
“Jason Kirkpatrick called me last night and sent me to you personally.  He updated security with my biometric signatures so I had access to your office via the hand scanner.  That’s how I ended up in here ahead of you.”  Larry paused and took another sip.
Jason Kirkpatrick was the company’s CEO and no doubt would be one of the only ones that could swing something that drastic without first going through Gillette.
Belluci continued, “The company knows of my government role and has short-circuited the red tape and asked me to present your project directly to our clients at DHS, CIA, and DOD simultaneously…this thing is red hot and we need to get rolling before someone else jumps ahead of us.  I will need full access to the program by noon today.”
Tim cocked his head to one side.  For some reason, he wasn’t buying it.  Something wasn’t right here.  The effects from his encounter with the dark-haired and beautiful Jacqueline in the elevator were wearing off and his mind was back on track; the Swiss clock was ticking now and something wasn’t adding up.  A sudden thought occurred to him.  How did Larry know about his encounter with Jacqueline this morning?  Had she told him somehow while he was getting to his office?  By text maybe?  He doubted it; it didn’t seem possible.  He considered it though and made a mental note to find out.
“So…” Larry paused again.  “You are to give me the drive with the presentation, schematics, and access codes and I will take it from here.”  Larry stood up and looked at his watch.  “I really need to get going.  Do you have the drive here?”
Alarm bells were going off in Gillette’s mind.  It’s not out of the realm of possibility!  He thought to himself as he watched Belluci stand.  This happens in the movies and intelligence agencies…it could happen here.  This project is the sort of stuff that would draw the attention of countries.  Tim was suddenly tense, every muscle ready for combat, as he remained seated.  He didn’t answer.
Larry, nonplussed, polished off the remaining dregs of his Pierre and sat it down on the coffee table.  “Look, I understand you are a bit shocked by all of this.  I know it’s hard to take that a junior engineer within your division has been asked to take your project over.  I would feel the same way that you do.”
Tim stood finally.  “Larry, it’s been a pleasure visiting with you, but as you well know I am not authorized to do what you are asking.  I will have to make several calls to verify what you say.”  He extended his hand.  For the second time in an hour it was ignored, but this time it was different, he expected it, was glad for it.  It somehow verified what he was feeling.
Lazzaro Belluci didn’t move, but simply stared hard at Tim for several seconds.  He finally spoke, his voice absent of any warmth, but oddly not threatening.  “You understand that this could mean your job?”  He shrugged.  “But that’s your worry.  Maybe it will spur an internal promotion and I will get bumped up a notch.”  It was then that he made his second mistake.  In his attempt to appear relaxed and indifferent he absently pulled out his iPhone, as many people do as a matter of habit, and pressed the “wake” button.  The screen, instead of flashing to the standard background image with the slide arrow, displayed, for a split second, the image of an empty elevator.  Lazzaro quickly toggled the button again and slid the phone back into his pocket, but not before the quick eye of Gillette saw the screen.  Lazzaro looked up quickly, but Timothy was already looking at the fish tank behind Lazzaro.
“I have to run, Mr. Gillette.  Thanks for your time.  As a reminder, I have to catch a plane tonight at six for that meeting tomorrow.  Please try to have everything in order before noon.”
Gillette’s eyes never left the clown fish swimming in the tank.  “Sure.”  He said in a neutral tone of voice.  “I’m sure I will have it all sorted out by then.”
Lazzaro left the office without another word.
As soon as the door closed Tim went over to his desk and took several tissues.  He then walked over to the bottle of Pierre on the coffee table and carefully grasped it by the very tip of the neck.  He then placed it in his office safe and relocked the door.  This accomplished he finished his bottle and placed it exactly where Larry’s had sat, label facing the same direction.  He then walked over, sat down in his executive swivel chair, powered up his iMac, and picked up the telephone.

[↕]

Jacqueline was getting very nervous.  Mr. Gillette had always been prompt with an internal voicemail, but it had been nearly fifteen minutes since she had called.  She really had to talk to him…now.  Jacqueline stood and walked to the door of her small office.  Once there she hesitated a moment.  Was she just doing this because she wanted to apologize to him for her behavior this morning?  She considered that for several long seconds, but rejected it.  This was important, very important.  To prove it to herself, she swore she wouldn’t bring up this morning’s elevator ride at all.  Once her mind was made up, Jacqueline turned and went down the hall to her supervisor’s office and tapped lightly on the door.
“Come in.”  The woman behind the desk was in her early fifties and had a mother’s look and voice about her.  “Jackie, good morning!”  She beamed.
“Good morning, Mrs. Roberts.”
“What can I help you with?”  Mrs. Roberts smiled genuinely.
“I really need to go upstairs and meet with someone.  It’s business, but needs to be off the record.”
“Oh?”  Roberts’ eyebrow went up and she pulled the reading glasses off her nose and let them fall by their chains to her neck.  “Rather odd, Jackie.  You know our current contracts require strict compartmentalization?  I am responsible for that here in our department.”
“Yes, I know.  I thought of going without letting you know, but I want to do things right.”
“…Just off the record.”
“Yes.  I will let you know everything as soon as I find out what is going on.”
“Jackie, you sound conspiratorial.”  Roberts furrowed her brow.  “Maybe you should fill me in.”
“I will, but I have a feeling time is very important.  It is about a previous contract that we held with a company last year.  The service contract is still open and approval for internal collaboration is still in effect.  I suppose I didn’t really have to notify you.”
“Is that a threat?”  Mrs. Roberts was shocked.
“Not at all.”  Jacqueline smiled reassuringly.  “It’s in good faith.  I want you to know where I am going and when I should be back.  I can’t understand it all, but I have a bad sense about something.”
That swayed her supervisor.  “Well, if you put it like that then go ahead.  I have always trusted a woman’s intuition.”  She winked and replaced the reading glasses and promptly resumed her stare at the computer screen.
“Thank you, Mrs. Roberts.”  All she got was a nod and a smile; it was now off the record.  Jacqueline quickly left the office, softly closing the door behind her.  She passed back by her office and grabbed her clutch and made for the elevator.  Her phone buzzed.  She looked at it as she walked rapidly to the bank of elevators.  It was a text from her mother.  ”Plz stop by today after wrk.  I hve smthng for u.”  She rapidly texted back and pushed send as she reached the elevators.  Just as she was about to press the up arrow the bell went off and a door opened several elevators down.  She stepped quickly toward it and nearly ran into a man.
“Oh, excuse me!”  She stepped aside.
“Good morning, Mrs. Defray.  Wonderful outfit you have on.”  The man smiled, but without warmth.
She recognized the man somewhat.  She looked at his name tag.  ‘L. Belluci’.  She nearly choked.
“Something wrong?”  The man seemed genuinely concerned.  At that instant the doors started to close.  Jacqueline quickly stepped over and thrust her hand into the space between the panels.  The doors slid open again.
“Nothing.  Just thought I was going to miss the elevator.  Have a good day.”  She turned and went in, her heels striking with a hollow echo.  She surreptitiously slid her thumb over the “door close” button and waited impatiently.  The doors closed and she then pressed ‘48’.
Belluci stood still with a worried look on his face.  That was strange, very strange.  He thought.  She shouldn’t be leaving this floor before lunch.  He further doubted that the look on her face had anything to do with missing the elevator.  She had been looking at his name tag.  A sense of fear gripped him momentarily.  Impossible!  How could she know anything?  He watched the elevator display above where Jacqueline entered.  He had seen her press the ‘Door Close’ button.  She was nervous about something; really nervous.  Then Lazzaro’s heart nearly came up in his throat.  Instead of show a descending number the small screen displayed ‘48’ and stayed there.  She had gone up, not down!  He cursed under his breath and pulled out his iPhone, quickly tapped the screen, changing settings.  There she was, doing what every elevator occupant does; staring at the display above the door and right at the camera…she looked very worried.



Chapter 2 – 08:24 AM EST


She couldn’t believe it!  What are the chances?  Maybe it wasn’t a chance at all!  Maybe it all made sense!  She reasoned.  Lazzaro Belluchi was the subject of her emails from that company and they weren’t flattering whatsoever.  That was putting it mildly.  They stated that he was a dangerous man.   He didn’t look dangerous, but what did that matter?  Her head was spinning as she smoothed out her skirt and checked her hair in mirrored interior.  She had a sudden feeling of being watched and looked around her quickly.  For some odd reason her eyes settled on a spot just above the floor display.  It was a tiny black dot.  She didn’t remember it being there before.  The elevator chimed and announced the floor.  She stepped forward to wait for the doors to open.

[↕]

Tim Gillette finished scanning his calendar and email.  He placed a call to the CEO Jason Kirkpatrick, but got only his voicemail; he didn’t leave a message.  Finally he pressed the speakerphone button and then punched up his voicemail.  It was a message from Jacqueline.  Odd.  He finished the message.  Man, this day is already full of twists.  He tried her extension, but no one answered; he got her voicemail.  He punched the speakerphone button one more time, terminating the call.  Just as his finger left the button his phone chirped.  He simply pushed it back down and smiled.  He was willing to play along with fate today.
“Hello?”
“Mr. Gillette,” It was his secretary, Madeline Rexburg, in the adjacent office. “There is an associate here to see you.”
Tim didn’t wait to ask who it was, he simply reached over and clicked an icon on his iMac screen and brought up the security camera collage.  It took only a second to identify his visitor…Miss Jacqueline Defray.  Tim watched her on camera for a few seconds longer; she was nervous and kept tucking stray hairs and smoothing out her clothing.
“Mr. Gillette, are you there?”
“Yes.”  Tim snapped back to reality. “Send in Miss Defray, I am expecting her.”
“Yes sir.”  He once again terminated the connection.  He stood and walked around his desk as the buzz of the magnetic lock sounded and the door pushed open slowly.
“Come on in.” He said cordially.  “I just listened to your message.”
She sheepishly entered the room and tried to not gawk.  It was amazing!  Glass, stainless, and natural oak were combined in modern décor with enough high tech appearance to make it look like interior decoration article come to life.  The office was complete with mood lighting and an astounding view out of the open window.  The only thing her quick glance noticed that did not fit was the shelves of old books.  She made a mental note to bring up literature sometime.  She had no idea that he was a collector as well.
“Nice office.”  She quietly managed to say as the door locked behind her.
“Thank you.”  He motioned to office furniture.  “Please.  Have a seat.”
She chose an arm chair and he sat in the other.
“Relax and tell me what I owe this honor to; it is an honor.  This office hasn’t had anyone as beautiful as you since I moved into it.”  He meant it as a compliment and icebreaker.  It did not have the effect of either.
“Mr. Gillette, I am here as your employee and I don’t want to be prudish by not acknowledging your comment, but I believe it is against company policies to engage in any physical descriptions of other employees.”  While not being discourteous she was quite serious.
Tim didn’t even blink.  “You have my apologies.  Thank you for being compliant and straightforward.  That is a company asset; I shall make a note of it in your bio.  Now, we shall leave personal observations out of this informal meeting, or should I say formal meeting, though it is not on my schedule.”
There she had it.  She was sincerely complimented on her looks and succinctly put back in her place while at the same time shown gratitude for her words.  She was surprised at the sudden disappointment that she felt.  Somehow, beneath all of her thick layer of professionalism, she had felt the slightest thrill when he said she was beautiful.  Secretly and unconsentingly to her will she wished he would have ignored her reprimand and continued.  
“Yes sir.  Thank you.”  Was what she managed to finally say.  “As I said in my message I know you are very busy, but I believe you will understand this interruption.”  She launched right into the facts.  “I received an email this morning; actually, several, from TransGap Technologies out of Boston.  We did business with them earlier over the past year and still hold a service contract with them.”
“I recall the company.  They made and serviced surveillance equipment and systems for military, corporate and Federal agencies.”
“Yes, that is right.  Well, these emails are very strange.  They were sent to me and I was instructed not to forward them or show them to anyone, but to speak directly with you about the information.  In the first email it stated that they had detected a security breach in their systems that when traced led back to our building.  More specifically an I.P. address assigned to the forty-seventh floor.  Once they discovered this they firewalled their servers against ours, but then upon digging a little deeper they realized that our entire system was compromised at root from this I.P. address.  This concerned them because they are the ones that help design our security system and were contracted to put the surveillance in place as well as monitor it.”  She paused here and waited for permission to continue.
Tim asked, “Why did they email you?”
“That is the first thing that came into my mind, but they explained.  They didn’t want to send a tech over should he be identified.  More importantly, my computer wasn’t replaced during the last upgrade and evidently still had default firewall settings in place that didn’t allow full integration with the entire system.  The email stated that analysis showed my computer was the only safe one to email.  Even though the email hit our servers it would take someone reading every single email to catch it before I was able to read it.”  She looked at him and held her hands out and then sighed.  “I don’t pretend to understand it all…just telling you what they said.”
“I think I understand.”  Tim nodded.  “What did you do with the emails?”
“I deleted them.”
“Hmmm.”
“They instructed me to do so.”
“I see.”  He stood and walked to the window.  After a minute he returned back to his seat yet remained standing.  “So, we have a security breach.  I will call in a third party to correct the issue immediately.”
“That’s not all.”  She didn’t seem inclined to allow the meeting to terminate.
“Okay.”
“The phone systems, they have reason to believe, have been compromised.”
“That’s ridiculous!  They don’t provide phone service that is provided by Star Communication, which supplies half of New York City with service.”
“Yes, but it runs into a data server for such a large building for this; it essentially tied together as they also provide the data connection service.”
Still not rattled Gillette pulled out his iPhone.  “Don’t worry.  I will make the call from my cell phone.”  He started toward his desk.
“There’s more.”  She said in a tremulous voice, remembering her strange encounter only minutes ago.
Gillette looked at her over his shoulder and wasn’t prepared for what he saw.  Her tanned features were suddenly pale and she looked very worried.  He turned back.
“Go on.”
She looked around behind her quickly and lowered her voice.  “They said it is an inside job.”
Timothy Gillette stared at her and then his mind starting racing.  He took a step back toward the chair and sat back down, leaning forward with his arms resting on his knees.
“They know who it is.  They said it is a former employee of theirs that actually was one of the people that set up our security system.”
Suddenly, Gillette knew!  It made a sort of sense.  He quickly grasped her forearm.  “Wait!”  He motioned for her to stand.  “Wait, not here.”  He whispered.
They stood and suddenly he became very casual.  “Miss Defray, I know it is out of the ordinary, but would you do lunch with me today?  I would be very pleased.”
She blinked several times and finally her face showed understanding.  “Why…yes.  I would be honored.”  Then she spoke with more sincerity and emotion than she intended.  “I think I would enjoy that very much.”
The corners of Tim’s eyes wrinkled as he smiled.  He extended his hand.  This time she took it and without intending to do so held it longer than necessary.  She was truly frightened and she suddenly felt the need to for this man to help her bear the burden of knowledge that she had received this morning.  She realized that she wanted his protection.
“Great!”  He released her hand.  “Let’s meet in the main lobby at 11:00, a little early lunch would be appropriate.”  Then he added.  “I will let your supervisor know you have a corporate lunch today.”
Jacqueline smiled and adjusted her posture.  She resumed her professional demeanor and attitude.  He walked to the door and pressed a button.  The lock released and he opened the door.
“Until then…”  She nodded and walked through the door, but as she did he stepped in close and said very seriously.  “Be careful.”
She turned and looked into his serious, yet softened eyes, “I will.  Thanks.”  She turned and walked down the hall waving at the secretary.
He stood and watched her go and then slowly shut the door.
He knew…it was Lazzaro.  It had to be.  He went quickly to the safe, entered the combination and popped the door open.  He withdrew the Pierre bottle and put it in a new wastebasket trash bag, then set the bag by the door.  Next he took out the 32 GB flash drive that held his project files.  When they worked on Top Secret projects he always required his people to hand deliver their assignments.  He then compiled them and stored them on a flash drive…never on his computer.  Now he knew why…

[↕]

Lazzaro saw his opportunity.  While Jacqueline Defray going up to the forty-eighth floor right now disturbed him, he knew it was exactly what he needed.  Her computer hadn’t been brought into his system yet.  He quickly found her small office and quietly slid his modified card, letting himself in.  Going straight to her computer he slid a flash drive out of his pocket and into the USB port.  Instantly the standard company screensaver gave way to a little black and grey window in the center.  Jacqueline’s desk phone rang.  It startled him.  He remained motionless and watched the red light blink in time with the phone’s mellow chime, it was an internal call.  He tried to ignore it.  Quickly now, he punched in his password on the computer’s keyboard and a status bar appeared.  He waited as the green line went up to 100% and then the black and grey window disappeared and the company logo reappeared and resumed its lazy scroll across the screen.  He withdrew the flash drive and pocketed it.  How long had he been here?  Three minutes?  No more than five, he was sure.  He had to leave now!  Rapidly he went around the chair to the doorway and looked to make sure the chair was in the same exact position he had found it and that he hadn’t disturbed anything else.  As he was giving the room a last once over, a small message popped up on Defray’s screen.  She had an email.  He was very tempted to walk back over and see who the sender was, but he knew had already taken too long.  Quickly he exited the room and slowly eased the door shut until he heard a nearly inaudible click.  Crossing the hall, he began to walk towards his cubicle.
As Lazzaro walked he pulled out his Smartphone and pulled up the surveillance system on the floor above.  He selected the camera in the office of Mr. Gillette.  She was there alright!  They were standing by the leather chair his bottle of Pierre was plainly seen sitting on the coffee table.  Belluci tapped the audio option and immediately through his Bluetooth earpiece he heard their voices.  “…out of the ordinary, but would you do lunch with me today?  I would be very pleased.”  I bet! Gillette really thought of himself as a catch…a real ladies’ man no doubt “Why, yes.  I would be honored.”  Oh my!  A real soap opera here…  While Lazzaro was disgusted with their ‘please and thank you’ he was relieved that this was evidently a little bit of a lover’s tryst and not something else.  He breathed a sigh of relief and shut down his special app.  They knew nothing.

[↕]

Jacqueline opened her door and went straight to her desk.  Sitting down in her chair and hitting the space bar to bring up password prompt, she noticed that her chair seemed a little warm.  Paradoxically, this sent a chill down her spine.  She swiveled around expecting someone to be standing in her office.  There was no one there, but it certainly felt like it.  She knew she felt warmth in the chair.  Someone had been here.  She punched in her password, noticed a new email and opened it.  It was from TransGap.
You have just been compromised.  We have the footage.  Delete this message.  Save this phone number and call it later today.
It was a New York area code.  Odd, the company headquarters was in Boston.  She quickly deleted the email after she wrote down the number on a scrap of paper.  She placed the paper in her clutch and made a mental note to give it to Mr. Gillette at lunch.  Things were getting downright scary!



Chapter 3 – 10:57 AM EST


The SSBN Yury Dolgoruky was now running deep and fast.  While this was a risk, they had a greater problem.  Time.  By now the world knew that she was on her sea trials and governments would expect to be updated through various media channels, satellites, and political backdoors.  It had been nearly too long for a first time sea trial without surfacing, communicating, or coming back to port.  The world governments were going to start pressing buttons and making phone calls soon.
“What’s our current speed?”  Captain Kulegin turned toward Dmitri Petranov, the Executive Officer.
Petranov smiled, he was a true submariner and loved this new craft already.  “31 knots, Sir.  The fastest speed I’ve ever achieved while submerged in a SSBN.”
The Captain allowed a wry smile to present itself beneath his well-groomed mustache.  He too felt elation at piloting this vessel, but it was difficult to throw off the strain of sea trials and what he knew was a secret mission that was approaching an international crisis should anything go wrong.  “Excellent!  How is the reactor?”
“Steady.  No spikes, irregularities, or anomalies.”
“Time to the continental shelf?”  The Captain pulled at the corner of his mustache as he scribbled a note on his notepad.
“Twenty minutes at current speed, sir.”
Twenty minutes…then things got interesting.
Captain Kulegin went over to the microphone for public address.  He keyed it and waited a second, clearing his throat.  “Greetings men of the Yury Dolgoruky, this is Captain Alexander Kulegin.  We have achieved a record in our sea trials.  The Executive Officer has informed me of a sustained speed of 31 knots with all systems nominal.  You can be proud of your efforts and your country.  In eight hours we will enter a different phase of sea trial and I wish you to be prepared as it will be the most difficult of our voyage so far.  I order an immediate shift change.  Essential systems will maintain full crew and vigilance.  The rest of the systems will go to one-half and nonessential to shut down until four hours is up.  I strongly advise everyone to get rest; you will need it in the days ahead.”
The captain released the button on the microphone for the public address and stood for a moment, silently staring at nothing and tugging at his mustache.
“XO,” Kulegin turned finally.  “Slow us down in order to put us on the continental shelf in thirty minutes.  I am going to my cabin to rest.  If anything comes up, wake me.  Other than that you have command of the ship.”  He paused.  “I am sure Lieutenant Kerkov will be by soon.”  He paused again.  “Don’t let him upset you…and please humor him.”  Alexander Kulegin debated how to convey this properly.  He looked directly at his trusted officer and spoke in a low tone.  “It could mean our career if not our lives.”  Dmitri Petranov nodded slowly with a worried expression on his face.  He was about to frame a question, but his Captain slowly shook his head from side to side.
Captain Kulegin turned and walked the length of the Control Command Room opened the hatch, stepped through and slammed it behind him.
The Executive Officer did as he was told and slowed the vessel and then paged for a cup of coffee.

[↕]

Mark Fetterman shifted his sport coat, adjusting his shoulder holster in the process.  He had sat been sitting in the mezzanine just above the main lobby of the Dwight Building for twenty minutes.  He sat watching the elevators.  It was 10:57am.  Three minutes to go.  He watched intensely as each door opened and scrutinized any persons getting off.  It was a constant belching of humanity that amazed him.  He wondered how many people were in this huge building.  Thousands he was sure.  Mark was a natural people watcher and wasn’t bothered by his current task.  He took another drink of the Macchiato that he had purchased from the Starbucks on the second floor.
Suddenly, he swallowed hard and spoke into his Bluetooth.  “Chet, Belluchi just got off elevator five.”
“Roger….and…I got him.”  Mark heard a couple of mouse clicks in the background.  “By the way, how’s your Starbucks?”  Chet asked and laughed.
“You’re an idiot!”  Mark said quietly.  “Quit watching me and do something useful!  Where are Mr. Gillette and the lady?”
“It appears Mr. Gillette is just leaving his office, apparently he is taking out the trash, and he has a trash bag with him.”
“And the Miss Defray?”
“She is on elevator three, applying lipstick.”  A pause and then Chet whistled, “Mr. Gillette is a lucky man!”
“Chet, this is serious business.”
“Yes sir.”
“Back to the trash bag, does it have that Pierre bottle that Gillette took out of his safe after Belluchi left?”
“I believe so.  It is the same bag.”
“Where’s Belluchi now?”  The mezzanine overhang blocked the view of the outer edges of the main lobby.
“He is over by some lounge chairs…now he is sitting down…just pulled out his iPhone.”
“Alright, he is probably accessing our systems to see where the pair is as well.  Can you check?”
“I will try.”
“Do we have the software rewrite in place to shut him down yet?”
“We do, just waiting your word.”
“Good.  We may have to do it sooner rather than later.  I don’t want him to know that we are on to him yet…he is working for someone.  I got to find out who.”
“Roger…uh…Mark…I got that feed.”  A pause.  “You are not going to believe this!  He is looking right at you!”
“What!?” Mark Fetterman started to stand up, but stopped and tried to act natural in spite of his rising anger and desire to march right down the stairs and choke the life out of Lazzaro Belluchi.
“Wait…it’s okay…he is simply scanning through the cameras in the lobby and mezzanine.”
“No!  It’s not okay.  That means he is suspicious!”  Now Mark was furious.  He couldn’t let this man keep going on like this.
“Or being careful…”
“Let’s hope for the latter.”  Mark, in attempt to bring himself back under control, took another sip of his Macchiato.
Suddenly, the door to elevator three opened up and things started to happen all at once.  Jacqueline wasn’t on and didn’t come out.
“Chet…I thought you said she was on elevator three!”
“She was!”
“Where is she?”
“I don’t know!  I was busy accessing Belluchi’s hack and didn’t keep tabs on her.”
“Where is Belluchi?  What is he doing now?”
“Let me check…he is still there…he appears very disturbed…he is staring at the elevator door.  Boss, I don’t think he knows where she went either.”
“Okay.  I’ll take him from here.  You find our love birds.  Keep me posted.”  Mark stood and shifted his espresso to his left hand.  He quickly scanned what he could see of the second floor and then headed toward the stairs.  He took only a few steps when he spotted Belluchi.  He was looking at his phone, frantically.  It was time to pull his plug.
“Chet.”
“Yeah Boss?”
“Kill his feed.”
“Okay…and…done.”
Fetterman watched as Belluchi literally jerked in his chair and started tapping the screen to his phone.  He looked panicked.
“Chet.”
“Here.”
“Kill the in house feed to the first and second floor monitors and send them all the same error message.  We gotta keep this cat from getting too suspicious.”
“Right….and done.”  A pause.  “You know we are going to get calls on this, right.”
“Yes.  It’s only until we exit the building.  If he goes snooping around with his hacked pass card I want him to see all of the security monitors with an error.  Once we leave bring it back up.  Tell the callers we are working on the problem.  It was a software update.”
“Yes sir.”
Mark started down the stairs.  Lazzaro was looking around now, craning his neck attempting to compensate for his current situation by old fashioned surveillance.
“Boss.  I just picked up Mr. Gillette in elevator six.  It looks like he is texting on his phone.”
“Excellent!  That probably means he is texting Mrs. Defray.  Chet, I think we got a smart boy on our hands.  He evidently changed their meeting place, maybe intended to do it all along.”  Mark was at the bottom of the stairs now and walking slowly toward Belluchi’s side of the vast, echoing lobby.  “Keep an eye on Gillette and tell me at what floor he gets off.”
“Roger.”
Mark Fetterman pulled out his mirrored aviators sunglasses and slid them on.  He didn’t think that Belluchi knew him, but one could never be too sure.  He wanted to get close to him, to get a feel for the man.  By the time he got to Lazzaro’s position the man was standing up with his hands in his pockets looking around.  Mark shifted his approach in order to come up behind him; he was going to pass by close, but without revealing his face directly.
“Boss.  Gillette is getting off.”
“What floor?”
“I can’t tell.  I will collage all the lower floor cameras on my screen pointed toward the elevators.”  A series of clicks followed.  “I got him!  He just got off on the third floor.”
Mark was approaching Belluchi who was now scrutinizing his watch.  Fetterman checked his.  It was 11:03am.  He passed by Lazzaro and glanced briefly at his worried face.  Lazzaro glanced up quickly, but Mark was already past and headed for the elevators.
“Chief, it looks like Gillette is headed toward the parking garage.”	
Mark didn’t respond.
“Are you there?”  Chet asked.
No response.
Another series of clicks followed then Chet said to himself, “Ah…” he understood.  “I got you boss.  Don’t turn around, but he is following you.”
Mark nearly faltered a step.  He couldn’t possibly be on to him!
Chet read his mind.  “I don’t think he has a clue who you are; he is probably going to go up a floor or two and look around.”
Mark pressed ‘↑’ and waited.  Belluchi went a few doors down and waited.  The door directly in front of Mark opened and he quickly got on hoping to shut the doors before Lazzaro made it over.  Too late!  He was already coming!  Before he had time to even quell his aggravation his phone vibrated in his pocket and his earpiece beeped in his ear.  Just as Lazzaro walked onto the elevator he pulled out his phone, looked at the number and pressed his earpiece.
“Hello.”  He normally identified himself, but he knew he couldn’t now.
“Hello, this is Miss Defray from…”  Great!  Perfect timing Mark groaned quietly and quickly turned down his earpiece, probably unnecessarily, but nevertheless, as Belluchi pressed ‘2’.  “…I got an email with this number attached I believe.”
“Yes, that is right.”  Mark squeezed by Belluchi and pressed ‘3’.
“Well, I am not sure what to say all this has got me kind of jumpy.”
“I completely understand.”  Was all Mark could manage to convey.
The elevator doors closed and they started up.
“…well, I don’t know if I should talk to you or not about all of this, but Mr. Gillette texted me and told me to tell you we are meeting at a café on Broome and Mulberry Street, it’s called the Grotta Azzurra.”
“Okay.  That’s sound wonderful.  I will check on it.”  The door opened at level two and Mark looked up to see Belluchi staring at him inquisitively.  Mark’s pulse jumped and he motioned toward the door and cupped his earpiece with the other.  “…this your floor?”
Belluchi continued to stare for a second and then looked at the open door, finally shaking his head.
“I guess I pressed the wrong button.  I wanted the parking garage, same as you.”  The doors closed.
With great effort Mark kept his expression neutral.  He pointed to his earpiece and whispered.  “I am on the phone, sorry.”
Lazzaro Belluchi nodded.
“Sir…are you there?”  Jacqueline finally asked.
“Yes.  I apologize for that interruption a little mix up on the elevator here.  I got a man in here with me that hit the wrong button.”  He hoped she would get the tone of his voice and understand.  “I will have my broker look into that company.  I was unaware of their popularity.  As soon as I can break free I will check out what they have to offer.  Maybe we can get shares together.”  Another hint.  Suddenly, his earpiece beeped again, but he didn’t even need to look at this phone, he knew it was Chet.  He had no doubt caught it all on video.  “Well, I am getting another call so I better let you go.  Can I call you back on this number?”
“Yes, that would be fine.”
Mark pressed the earpiece once again.
“Hello.”
“Boss?”
“Yes, this is he.”
“I saw the whole thing.  What do you want me to do?”  Chet sounded worried.
“Good, good.  I was wondering if you got the message.”
The bell sounded and they stopped moving.  The doors slid open.  Mark motioned with the Starbucks cup for Belluchi to go first.  He did.
Mark continued, “Any news on our clients?”
“They met up and headed out to the parking garage.”
“Okay.”  Mark exited the elevator and turned right walking briskly.  “Make sure you don’t let this contract out of your sight.”
“I got ya’ll on my screen right now.”  Chet responded to the hint.
“Good.”  Fetterman picked up his pace slightly and looked for a sign to point towards the parking garage.  “I have an appointment to keep today and I will get back in contact with you.”
“Boss, he is following you.”  Chet sounded really worried.
“Okay, well…” It went against all of Mark’s instincts to not turn around.  He had spent twelve years in the Marines and did two tours in Iraq; it really went against his grain to have this guy behind him.  “…it will all work out.  I will call you later.”  Mark pretended to terminate the call and looked for a restroom anywhere close.  He needed an immediate detour to test Belluchi, besides the Macchiato was doing its thing.  There was one straight ahead just before the exit to the parking garage.  He went in and checked in the mirror to see if Lazzaro followed.  He hadn’t.  He downed the dregs and tossed the coffee cup.
Mark finished up and came out as quickly as possible.  Belluchi was nowhere in sight.
“Chet?”
“He went in the parking garage.  It looks like he is headed for his vehicle.”
“Our ‘clients’?”
They took the stairs down to the first level.  It looks like Defray parks there because they talked briefly and she went inward while he started back towards the main building.”
“He probably has a special parking space.”
“You’re probably right.”
The hot blast of air hit Mark as he went through the double doors.  The sounds of the city greeted him in that unique parking garage echo.  He was parked on the fourth floor.  He took the stairs two at a time and fingered his keys.
“Looks like Belluchi found his car.  Third floor…I can’t tell, but looks like space 53.”
“Find Gillette?”
“No sir, but I found those parking spaces you mentioned…wait…yep…here he comes.”
Mark stepped onto the fourth floor landing and headed straight for his car just a few spaces down.  He had been lucky to pull in when someone was just leaving.
“Okay.  He is driving a black Mercedes.”  Another low whistle from Chet.  “Nice car!”
Mark only grunted.   Chet was such a great guy, but easily distracted.
“Where is she?”
“I lost her.  Pillars are in the way.”
“That’s not good, that’s against our contract.”
“Yes sir.  I made a note of it and will write up an order to send someone out.”
Mark pushed the key fob and his car unlocked.  He slid in behind the wheel and started his car.  “Keep an eye on Gillette she will probably follow him.”
“Roger.”



Chapter 4 – 11:14 AM EST


Lazzaro was sitting in his car on the phone.  “I know that!  Look…” he was cut off by the other party.  “Right…” again he listened.  Then he got angry.  “Don’t even say that!  I am a professional!  They didn’t show so I immediately pulled up the surveillance system, but after several seconds it went down…Yes, I said it went down.”  He rolled his eyes.  “No, I looked at several screens in the main lobby and they were all showing a blank screen with a message.”  He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.  “It’s not highly unusual, no.”  Lazzaro paused, listening to the other voice.  “I will try it, hang on.”  He pulled the phone away from his ear and tap ‘home’ button and then his special app.  The program opened and after several seconds it appeared everything was back to normal.  He put the phone back to his ear.  “It’s all back online now.  It apparently was a minor glitch.”   He looked in his rearview mirror as a car passed slowly, too slowly.  He watched as the driver looked at his car and then looked away a little too quickly.  “Wait, I think I just figured something out.  I stumbled on a man that I recognized from my quick scan of the first two floors.  He was sitting on the Mezzanine and then must have walked down the stairs to level 1 and then got on the elevator.  I got on with him, but not intentionally.  I didn’t even recognize him until we started up.”  A pause.  “I don’t know, but he was very busy on the phone.  He had two calls before the third floor.”  Another pause.  “Like I said, I don’t know.   I have never seen him before.  Let me finish…”  He started his car and put it in reverse and backed out.  “I wondered why he would walk down and then take the elevator up.  I followed him, but he made a potty break and I lost him until just now, he just drove by my car in the garage.”  He nodded.  “Okay, what about Gillette and Defray?”  He shook his head as he shifted his Audi into drive.  “I can’t.  I only dare use the system while still connected to the intranet.  Once I leave parking garage I drop the WiFi signal.”  He nodded again, “Okay.”  He hung up and pressed down on the accelerator to catch up with the silver Ford Five-Hundred.

[↕]

“Chet, I spotted him.”
“Yeah and he spotted you.  He pulled out right after you drove by and took off down the ramp; he is coming around the corner now.”
“Okay.” Mark checked his rearview mirror.  “Any sign of Defray?”
“Not yet, but she has three floors to navigate.”
“How far out do our cameras see?”
“We have contracts on the surrounding blocks with views of the building.”
“Alright, here is the plan.”  Mark pushed his brake harder than necessary to slow for the turn into the next ramp.  “I will take as much time as I dare and hopefully by that time they will be on the road.  You tell me which way they go and I go the opposite direction and watch what this joker behind me does.”
“Got it…”  A moment’s pause.  “They just met up.  She is driving a red Camry looks like.”

[↕]

Gillette flashed his lights when he saw the red Camry come off the ramp; it swerved over and he took the lead.  An odd feeling suddenly came over him and he couldn’t shake it.  It was like Déjà vu or something of that sort.  This felt so natural.  She was in the car behind him.  They were going to lunch.  He suddenly felt more elated than he could ever remember and that didn’t bode well.  It is not that he had never taken a woman out to lunch, but this somehow felt so different…natural; like it always had been.  He wondered what Laura would think about this.  He knew.  She would be pitching a fit.  Oh, well, it’s a part of the business.  He reasoned as he smiled and turned on his PandoraOne radio.  He flipped the blinker and reached for his sunglasses, put them on and waved to Jacqueline in the rearview mirror as she stopped behind him, waiting for a pause in traffic.

[↕]

Jacqueline Defray couldn’t keep from smiling in spite of the stress of the day.  She also couldn’t keep her eyes off of Tim and his Mercedes.  Wow! She thought.  He has good taste and evidently a good salary!  As she pulled up behind him at the street she tried to remember if she had seen any pictures of a family in his office – she didn’t think there were any.  He waved at her in the rearview mirror.  She laughed, in spite of herself, blushed and waved back…she felt like a teenager again, it had been years since she had allowed herself to be taken to lunch – not wanting to mess up her career.  An opening presented itself and they both shot out into traffic only to come quickly to a red light.  She reached up and unclipped her sunglasses and looked at herself in the visor mirror.  She gave the mirror her best sultry smile and then laughed at herself again, slamming the visor back up.  Reaching over she hit ‘Disc 4’ and then skipped to her favorite track.  She began to sing along.

[↕]

“Mark, they are at the light in the left turn lane.”
“Okay.”  Mark eased out into traffic and finally pulled up to the same light.  He allowed himself a glance over at the red Camry.  Mark told himself that he was just doing his job, but it was hard not to look at a woman like Jacqueline.  She was oblivious to him and she was…singing?  He came back to reality and surreptitiously watched as the blue Audi fell in behind him two cars back.  He breathed a sigh of relief.  This creep was going to make this easy for them all.  He tapped his earpiece and requested ‘Siri’ to call Jacqueline Defray.  After a few seconds the phone rang.  Momentarily, she answered.
“Hello, this is Jacqueline.”
“Miss Defray, this is Mark Fetterman, with TransGap, you called earlier, but I was a little tied up with our friend and unable to talk.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  I didn’t get a chance to tell you, but this situation has escalated to such a point that TransGap has activated the security portion of your contract.  I am sorry; I really should be talking to Mr. Gillette about this all.  I will call him.  I just wanted you to know that we are watching everything very closely to monitor Mr. Gillette’s, yours and the company’s safety.”
She turned down the music.  “That’s very kind of you Mr. Fetterman…you mentioned our friend?”
“Yes, I believe you understand.  The emails…I will explain it all to you over lunch…if I make it.  I am sorta busy at the moment.”
“That’s quite alright, it would be nice to meet you.”
“Well, just look next to your right.  That’s me.”
She looked over quickly, with a strange expression on her face, almost frightened.  “What the…?”
He smiled and nodded.  “Don’t worry,” his voice was a second behind the movement of his mouth.  “I am not a stalker.  As I said we are contracted for the security of your company.  Thankfully, our friend is following me instead of you.”
She craned her neck around to look behind him.
“Don’t look!”  He said quickly.  “He wasn’t able to see what car you were driving and you don’t want to draw attention to yourself.”    He almost added ‘anymore than you already do’, but refrained.  “I will call Mr. Gillette as soon as I shake this guy behind me.  Please be careful…somebody wants whatever Mr. Gillette has very badly.”
“…I see…Okay.”
The turn light turned green and Gillette and Jacqueline turned left onto Trinity Place.  Mark terminated the call and waited for his light to change.

[↕]

Lazzaro was trying to see into the man’s car, but he was too far back.  He wanted to see what he was doing; he would also like to see the plates.  The turn light changed to green and his attention was suddenly drawn to the turn lane traffic that jerked forward.  He thought he saw Jacqueline!  He couldn’t be sure, but a woman that closely resembled her was driving a red Toyota.  He watched as it turned and disappeared out of sight.  He looked in his driver’s mirror to see if he could switch lanes and follow, but the traffic was a steady turning stream.  Suddenly, the car in front of him started forward.  He better stick with orders; no sense in going after someone whose identity he couldn’t confirm.  Yet, he made a mental note of the red Toyota.

[↕]

Mark Fetterman was hoping for an easy escape.  He needn’t have wasted his energy.  The light turned green and the first car took off, but the car in front of him took its time accelerating out of the stop light.  He was getting frustrated as it crept along through the intersection and the gap widened between it and the first car, looking like the home stretch to a thoroughbred.  They went through the intersection and the car found what it was looking for…a parking spot.  It dove into it and Mark floored the accelerator.  The Five Hundred surged forward and rapidly picked up speed.  He was catching up to the car in front when he noticed a movement in his driver’s mirror.  The Audi has waited for a break in traffic and swerved out passing both cars in between them.  Now it was gaining on him!
“We are dealing with one serious customer here…”  Mark said to himself.  He pressed his earpiece and then quickly returned his hand to the steering wheel of the still accelerating car.  “Call Chet’s cell…”
A pause, then “calling Chet’s mobile…”
He had nearly caught up to the car in front, but now the light turned to yellow.  The car in front went through, turning right onto Broadway.  Mark held his foot down to the floor and followed suit.  He looked in his mirror just in time to see the light change to red and then three seconds later the Audi burn through the intersection still gaining on him.  He could almost hear the traffic camera clicking away.  “Good.” he thought, as he looked back up.  “I will have some evidence on this guy.”  This guy is very serious!  
“Hello, Chet here.”
“Chet listen, I got a tail and I don’t think I am going to be able to shake him right away.”  Mark slammed on his brakes and swerved to navigate a narrow space between a bicycler and an oncoming car.  He resumed his foot’s position on the floor with the accelerator in between.  “Hold on a second” He shouted, momentarily decelerating, just as the car in front slowed for backed up traffic.  Morris Street was just beyond the car in front of him.  Instead of slowing more he hammered the gas pedal again.  The engine growled and he whipped out and around the car in front, then let off of the accelerator momentarily and once he was completely around the car he spun the wheel hard to the right, once again pressed the accelerator all the way to the floor.  All four tires protested by squalling loudly and the driver of the car he had just whipped in front of protested by way of his horn and other things that Mark missed.  There right in front of him was more traffic, slowing to take the turn back onto Greenwich St.  There was nowhere to go.  He slammed on his brakes barely avoiding a rear end collision.
“Mark what is going on?”  Chet asked, his face twisted in puzzlement.
He had forgotten momentarily that Chet was still on the line.  “I am trying to lose this guy.”
“Don’t get in a wreck or get pulled in by the police.  They may start asking questions.”
“I won’t.”
“I know boss, but I am just saying…”
Fetterman saw an opening as traffic inched forward and someone was slow in inching; he wedged himself into it and was now in the left lane.  He chanced a look over his shoulder and saw the Audi trying to push his way close enough to the car in front of it in order to make the turn onto Morris St.  He looked back at the traffic in front of him, trying to calculate.  He had to get to the turn before Lazzaro could get behind him.  Several pedestrians were crossing the street and traffic halted momentarily and he saw his chance.  If he could move up just a bit and then push his way in front of the car to his right then when the pedestrians crossed he thought maybe he might be able to make a break for it.  The driver to his right wasn’t having any of it; he kept edging along with Mark until there wasn’t a gap in front of his bumper more than four or five inches.  Mark was just fixing to get frustrated when he realized traffic was moving and the driver in front and to his right was looking at the driver behind; hurling a few choice words at his rearview mirror.  This left an opening.  Fetterman took it.  Once there was a space just wide enough for his car he pressed down on the pedal and then saw that while there was another car between him and Greenwich Street that the edge of the sidewalk was clear.  He never let up and pretty soon was moving his way up Greenwich St.
“Chet?”
“I am here.  What was that big bang?”
“Oh….I hit a couple of bumps.”
“Bumps?”
“I’ll tell you later.  Right now I need you to make a few calls.”  Mark quickly told him what he wanted him to do.  All the while he kept an eye in his mirror for the dark blue Audi.  He saw it just as he went through a yellow light.  The Audi would never catch up now.  He began to weave his way toward the Grotta Azzurro Restaurant.



Chapter 5 – 11:23 AM EST


 “The plate comes back on a silver 2008 Ford Five Hundred, Sir.”
“I can see that from the cameras!  I need to know who is driving the vehicle.”  The police Sergeant wanted to catch this guy in a bad way.  Driving over sidewalks weaving in and out of traffic!  Who does he think he is?
“Yes sir.  It is registered to a company in Massachusetts, in Boston more specifically, called TransGap Technologies, Inc.  I don’t know who would be driving it.”
“Well, let’s find out.”  The Sergeant turned to someone standing near in the surveillance room for the NYPD.  The room was filled with video screens and people.  The constant chaotic motion filling the screens was nearly overwhelming.  “Step outside and get TransGap Technologies out of Boston on the line for me.”  He turned back to the screen showing the silver Ford, now placidly driving through traffic, nearly indistinguishable from the rest.  “Let me know when you got them.”
“Yes sir.”  The young woman stepped from the room.
“Apparently, our driver has calmed down a bit.”  The NYPD tech stated the obvious.
“Apparently.”  The Sergeant now noticed something a few blocks behind the silver Ford.  It was a dark coupe, foreign by appearance, weaving madly in and out of traffic.  He pointed at the screen.  “keep an eye on this car as well…the two may be connected.”
“Yes sir.”
“When it comes to the next light or stops moving zoom up on its plate.”
“Will do, sir.”
“Sergeant Wilkins?”  The young lady approached and touched the Sergeant’s elbow.  He turned.  “TransGap is on hold, line four.”
The Sergeant quickly nodded, grabbed the receiver just to the right and looked down long enough to hit ‘line 4’ and then resumed his stare at the screens.
“Hello, this is Sergeant Josh Wilkins of New York Police Department, badge number 6K492.  Can I speak to someone that can tell me about your vehicle fleet and who may or may not be driving each vehicle.”  He paused.  “Sure, I’ll hold.”  A few seconds passed and then he identified himself again.  “We have picked up a vehicle that has come back registered to your company downtown New York on our surveillance systems.  It has been driving erratically and just a few minutes ago drove across a sidewalk onto Greenwich Street” He listened a moment.  “That’s right, a sidewalk.”  He clenched his fist.  “I would prefer you didn’t transfer me.  Hear me out and then you can relay all the information to your superior and save me the time; I am very busy.”  He waited for a reply, and then continued, giving them the license number on the vehicle.  “I understand.  Have your superior call me back.”  He rattled off the number and the extension and hung up.
“Corporal Manning.”  Sergeant Wilkins had been watching the proceedings intently.  “That smaller car is trying to catch up to the Ford.”  Wilkins picked up the phone and punched up the patrol department.
“Hello?”
“Wilkins here.  Do we have any vehicular patrol in the vicinity of Church and Chambers?”
“Let me check…”  A few clicks later and a radio call and then, “we have two cars close to that area, both about the same distance.”
“Good.  Have them head that direction quickly, I think we have an incident shaping up, let me talk with the Captain.”  Sergeant Wilkins hit another button and was put through to the precinct Captain.  He got the go ahead and spoke with the dispatcher again.  “Okay, have the two cars head to Church and Chambers and wait for a silver Ford Five Hundred.”
Manning spoke up.  “Sir, I got the plates run on the other car.”
“Hold a second…”  Wilkins leaned over to Manning’s screen.  “…and a blue 2011 Audi TT.  Tell them not to be obvious or they may evade, but I want them both detained.”
“Yes sir.”  The dispatch began to immediately relay the information as Wilkins set the receiver down.
He no sooner set it down then it rang again.  He snatched it up. “Hello.”  It was TransGap.  They informed him that the car was a part of their New York fleet and at this time there was no checkout procedure for their vehicles at the New York office, but the personnel was limited and they may be able to pin down who was driving it.  “Do that and let me know.”  He hung up.  “Corporal Manning, next time the Ford stops see if you can zoom in on the driver’s face and we can run it through the system and try to get an I.D. that way.”
“Yes sir.”

[↕]

Mark’s phone system chirped in the car and he pressed the mute button on the steering wheel, and then tapped his earpiece.  “This is Mark.”
“Boss, we got problems.”  It was Chet.
“Talk to me.”  Mark was sitting at a red light and was taking the opportunity to search for the Audi.  He couldn’t see it, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t behind him.
“Corporate headquarters just called here and apparently they have been contacted by New York’s finest requesting a driver identification of a silver Ford?”
“That would be me.”  Mark smiled to himself.
“Yes.  Well, apparently said driver was caught on NYPD street cams driving over a sidewalk!?  Know anything about that?”  Chet sounded a little ticked off.
“I might.”  Mark’s smile stayed.
“You do.”  He could almost hear Chet’s blood pressure going up.  “We stalled for you here, as you never checked the car out, we don’t officially know who is driving it, but it won’t take long.”
“Well, by the time they sort it out I will be on a plane back to Boston.”
“Not likely.”  Chet was really aggravated now.
“Oh?” 
“Where are you right now?”  Mark looked around and found the street sign.  “Sitting at a red light on Church Street and Park Place.”  He heard some clicking and typing on the other end.
“Okay.  Listen, I would bet you 1,000 to 1 they are trying to look at your face right now through the windshield.”  Fetterman suddenly lost all of his coolness and broke out in a sweat, his smile melted.
“You’re kidding me, right?”  He furrowed his brow.
“Shut up and listen!  Don’t look up and DON’T look for the camera that will only give them the shot that they need.  Adjust your seat all the way back and put on sunglasses.”
“Alright, alright!”  Mark motored his seat back all the way.  “I already have sunglasses on.”
“Good.”  Chet clicked a few more times.  “Turn onto Park Place and try to find a parking space right in the middle of the block.  Get out, keep your head low, and head for the subway.”
Mark nodded, flipped his blinker on and waited.  The light turned green and he found an opening and edged over.  “What happens if I don’t find a parking spot?”  He was taking orders from Chet now and it didn’t hurt his pride one tiny bit.  Military training had taught him to always listen to the intel guys.
“Make one.”
“Okay.”
“Also, change your walk or something.  Got a hat or anything?”
Fetterman looked around in the car and spotted an umbrella in the passenger door pocket.  “Yeah, I got an umbrella.”
“Man, you better thank your lucky stars tonight.”  Chet laughed.  “Use it and get to the subway.  I am sure the car will get towed.  We can send someone to pay the bill and play dumb.”
“Chet.”  Mark grinned.  “You are getting a raise, Buddy, if I have anything to do with it.”
“If you have a job by tomorrow that is.”
“I will.”
He had made the turn and miraculously, there was a car pulling out and Mark slid in right behind the leaving vehicle.  He reached over, grabbed the umbrella and exited the car.  He ignored the meter and walked jerkily toward the subway sign just ahead.

[↕]

Corporal Manning cursed under his breath.
“What is it?”  Wilkins stepped over to him.
“I almost had a good view of his face, but he suddenly put his head down and slid back in his seat.”  Manning smacked the desk in frustration.  “If you want my opinion, I think he knows we are trying to I.D. him?”
“Impossible!”  Sergeant Wilkins wasn’t buying it.  “How could he know that?”
“I don’t know, but I am telling you, he knew somehow.”  Manning said with conviction.  “Wait!  He is turning onto Park Place.”
“Where is the Audi heading?”  Sergeant Wilkins was now getting tensed.
“Still heading north one block behind.”
“Watch him close.”  Wilkins started fidgeting with his fingernail.  “Can you pull up the Park Place camera?”  He need not have asked because it appeared before him.
“He’s parking.”  Manning leaned forward, instinctively trying to get a better view.  “I can’t see much, he is so far away from the camera.”  Manning watched as the driver got out and opened an umbrella!  It was August!  Maybe the guy has skin problems.  He wondered.
“What in the world does he have over his head?!”  The Sergeant leaned forward now.
“It appears to be an umbrella.”
“An umbrella?  Does this guy think it’s going to rain or something?”  The Sergeant frowned.  “And look at him walk, looks like bow-legged cowboy.”
They were both suddenly quiet.  They simultaneously grasped the truth.  Somehow this man knew he was being watched.
“Who is this guy?”  Wilkins asked, the question suddenly taking on a greater level of significance.  He rubbed his furrowed brow.
Manning was clicking his mouse.  “That’s what I want to know.  He has to pass the subway camera.”  Manning cursed again this time slamming a fist into the desk.  “He is completely covered by the umbrella.”
“Where’s the subway go from there?”  Sergeant Wilkins didn’t wait for an answer, but called dispatch again.  After replacing the receiver yet again, having given orders for an officer to be at stops and to get on the subway, to look for a man with an umbrella.  It was a long shot.  “How’s our Audi?”
“Still headed north.”  Manning replied.
At least the guy in the Audi won’t get away, Wilkins reflected to himself.

[↕]

Mark Fetterman walked on towards the subway descent, keeping his eyes moving about him, looking for any NYPD blue among the throng of pedestrians.  He saw none.  As he neared the subway platform, he immediately decided to change plans.  Just as he passed through an enclosure that would screen him from any prying eyes or video surveillance he paused and quickly folded up the umbrella, slid it into his waistband and continued on towards the platform and the newly arrived subway cars.  The subway cars were squealing to a stop just as he arrived on the platform.
He waited until the doors opened and, like cattle, the people flooded out.  He allowed the press to surround him and instead of getting on the subway, he neatly turned and followed the disembarking crowd.  Mark was happily carried along, sure that he was indistinguishable from the crowd.  He then secreted out the umbrella from his waistband, very swiftly and thoroughly wiped the plastic handle down, removing any fingerprints and then slipped it into a trash receptacle, all the while keeping it out of view.  Fetterman then walked back out into the August sunshine.

[↕]

Jacqueline’s cell phone rang and she glanced at it.  It was Mr. Gillette.
“Hello.”
“How are things going, Miss Defray?”
“Fine, although I was just meaning to call you.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, I received a call several minutes ago from a Mr. Mark Fetterman, the man who works for TransGap, whom I called back at the Dwight Building.”
“Okay.”  Tim slowed with the traffic for a light.  He glanced in his rear view mirror to see if Jacqueline was still behind him; she was.
“He explained why he couldn’t talk earlier.  It seems that he was on the elevator with a man, I assume Mr. Belluchi.  Not sure how that happened, but he was very clipped and vague in conversation.”  Jacqueline paused for several long seconds as she glimpsed Tim gazing at her through his driver’s side mirror.  Even though both wore sunglasses they knew the other was looking directly at the other.  Jacqueline lost her train of thought.  She felt her heart start to tick a little faster.  “Mr. Gillette…”  Then she finally managed to blurt out.  “I believe you are staring.”
She actually watched him smile and then heard a slight laugh over the phone.  “Serious?  Now how would you know that?”
She quickly looked away, now a little flustered, which made her somewhat angry.  “I believe I was say…”
“Yes, you were…”
She continued as if she hadn’t heard.  “Mr. Fetterman stated that he was being followed when I saw him.”
“You saw him?”  The light changed and Tim eased his foot from brake to accelerator.
“Yes, he pulled up beside me just as he called.”
“What?!”  Tim was bewildered and his voice lost all traces of the earlier frivolity.
“That’s right, he assured me he wasn’t a stalker, but stated that the armed security portion of TransGap’s contract had been activated.  They were monitoring us and DefSol for our safety.”
Tim quickly apprehended the situation and felt in his pocket, while steering with one hand, for the flash drive; it was there.  “Miss Defray, something is very wrong here.”
She paused.  “What do you mean?”
“I mean, there is no armed security portion to our contract with TransGap, they are a technology company.”
Now it was Jacqueline’s turn to be bewildered.  “I don’t understand.”
“Neither do I, but I am beginning to realize that somebody or more than one somebody may want our project; the one you helped work on.”
“Why?”
“Well, I can’t tell you, company policy, but I am pretty sure about it.  Someone must have learned the nature of our project.”
“Oh.”  Was all she could say, her mind was spinning.  She tried to quickly remember her part in the project, but running it over in her mind she couldn’t see any significance.  She had worked on weather satellite software, an upgrade for several companies, she was told.
“What else did he say?”
“Uh…”  She came back to the conversation.  “He said that ‘our friend’ was following him, as opposed to following us.”  She instinctively looked in her mirrors to see if she could see any suspicious cars behind her, whatever a suspicious car would look like she didn’t know, it was just a reflex.  “That he was going to try to meet up with us after he got rid of the car, I assume in traffic.”
“Yes, probably so.”  Tim’s mind raced.  Armed Security portion?  “Miss Defray, I am going to make a couple phone calls.  Just stay close behind.  We will have to find a place to park and maybe walk to The Grotta Azzurro.”
“Okay.”  She hung up.
Tim looked at his phone.  She had hung up without waiting for him to say goodbye.  He placed a call to the home office and then dialed an extension.  Once connected he spoke with his party, was put on hold, and then was astounded to find out that they did have a armed security contract with TransGap.  He thanked them and then hung up.  “Okay.”  He said to himself.  “So, we do have an amred security contract.  Why didn’t I know that?”  Then he thought of Lazzaro being able to enter his office, even past the hand scanner.  He would have bet his home in New Jersey that Lazzaro was behind all of this, somehow.  He placed a call to the Executive Vice-President again, but still got voicemail.  He hung up.

[↕]

There were several parking spots along the street, of a distance from one another that made Tim nervous.  He parked his car, all the while continuing to glance over at the red Camry and keep his eye on Jacqueline.  She was standing beside her driver’s door just on the sidewalk.  He quickly shut the car off and jumped out.  He started toward her at a rapid pace, a genuine relief swept over him as he approached.  It was strange, but just being a couple hundred feet from her made him apprehensive for her.  It was the stress of the day, he reasoned.
She smiled broadly at him as he walked up.  He was a striking man, hewn features, but not rough.  He was tall with an athletic build.  His black hair was always neat, as well as his clothes.  She reflected that, despite all she had heard of his mathematical genius, he sure didn’t look like an engineer, more like an executive – which is what he was.  She could tell that he was in shape, probably worked out regularly, and his tan, though slight, was one gained from being outdoors, not from a salon.  Her curiosity was piqued.  Now she really wanted to know about this man.
Tim’s heart surged as he returned Jacqueline’s smile.  Man, she is absolutely gorgeous!   For the first time he wondered what nationality she was.  He thought maybe sometime he might ask her, but the truth is he didn’t care, she was beautiful!
Jacqueline threw her hand out in a nervous little wave as he approached the last few steps.  Before she knew it he was beside her and had gently taken her hand into his and without a word turned and started toward the restaurant.
“I know where it is, Mr. Gillette.”  She said nervously and tried to gently pull her hand away.
“Of course you do,” Tim looked at her as they walked.  “I am just playing a little security detail since Mr. Fetterman isn’t here to escort you.”
She pulled a little harder.  “Somehow, I don’t get the feeling that is your motive.”
He let go.
“I am sorry Jacqueline.  I didn’t intend to be offensive.”  He smiled awkwardly.  “I actually am concerned with your safety.”
“For that Mr. Gillette, you have my gratitude.  No offense taken.”
 “Come on then, I am starving!”  He started towards the entrance of The Grotta Azzurro with her beside him.
The door was opened by a receptionist.  “Two sir?”
He removed his sunglasses as they entered the darkened interior.  Secretly, Tim hoped Mr. Fetterman wouldn’t show up.  “Yes,” He replied, then looked at Jacqueline and smiled.  “For now.”
“Yes sir.  Please follow me.”  He led the way to a small booth towards the back.

[↕]

Mr. Fetterman was hailing a taxi several blocks from where he left his car.  One stopped and he got in.
“Where to?”
“Little Italy, the Grotta Azzurro.”
“You got it, pal.”  The driver checked his mirrors and shot back into traffic.
Mark called Chet.
“Hello.”
“Listen Chet, I am in a taxi.  I didn’t take the subway, for reasons I will explain later.  I am going to meet up with them at the restaurant for lunch and then I will fill you in on those details.  Did you make those calls?”
“I did and everything is a go.  We are the contractor for their services and have legal access to their system, so it wouldn’t be classified as hacking.”
“Great.  Well, keep a lid on it and don’t be snooping around without hearing from me, unless it is very important.”
“Understood.”
“Okay.  One more thing; and this is very important.”  Mark paused, to consider how to proceed.  “Have the car towed immediately by whoever can get it the quickest.  Suggest a bonus for getting it done in less than ten minutes.”
“Wow!  Ten minutes?”  Chet whistled.  “I will try, but I don’t know if it can be done.”
“It can.  The car won’t run and I didn’t have change for the meter.”
“Alright, I’ll see what I can do.”  Chet disconnected.
Mark was sure Chet would get it done in less than fifteen minutes, but not ten.  A little extra pressure to move things along…his fingerprints were all over that car!



Chapter 6 – 11:38 AM EST


The blue and red lights from two cars were catching the attention of pedestrians and motorists alike, as the two officers approached the Audi with their hands on their guns.  This situation sounded serious from the dispatch; apparently the order having come all the way from the Captain.
Lazzaro Belluchi hated being pulled over.  Absolutely hated it.  Normally, he would give the officers a hard time and make them work for every ticket, but today he resolved to keep himself in check.  He was genuinely worried – he didn’t want his cover blown now of all times.  From the best of his memory he hadn’t done anything wrong; he hadn’t been speeding when they flipped on their lights from both sides of Church St.  Then it hit him!  Both sides at once!  He started getting nervous…they were waiting for him!  He racked his brain to try and remember any loose ends on his profession or identity; he couldn’t immediately think of any.  He had to remain calm.  He rolled down his window, and then returned his hands to the wheel.
“Good morning, sir.”  He noticed the officer was nervous as well.
“Morning.”  Lazzaro replied, sizing up the young officer whose demeanor and appearance wasn’t threatening.
“Can you give me your license, registration, and proof of insurance?”
“Sure,” then the antagonist in him took over.  “If you can tell me why I am being pulled over.”
“Uh, we received a call from precinct headquarters of possible infractions and traffic violations.”  The officer held his hand out.  “License please.”
Lazzaro glanced out his passenger window and noticed another officer standing there.  “It’s in my wallet, in my suit coat.”
“Okay, sir, get it out slowly.”
Lazzaro reached inside his suit coat and his fingers encountered his DHS badge as he slowly withdrew his wallet.  He might have to resort to that if things got too carried away.  He handed the license to the officer who momentarily scrutinized it.
“You are Mr. Lazzaro Belluchi from Stratford, Connecticut?”  He held up the license and compared the image against the driver.
“That’s right.”  Lazzaro was still thinking about the ‘possible traffic violations’.  Then he remembered.  He had run a very red light chasing that jerk in the silver Ford.  He handed the rest of the papers over to the officer who excused himself.  Belluchi noticed the other officer on the passenger side wasn’t going anywhere.
He waited.  As he waited his anger mounted.  He was angry at Timothy Gillette.  He was angry at the man with the aviator glasses that interfered and then lost him in traffic.  He was angry at his timetable to secure the defense project for his employer.  Then, just as he returned, he was getting angry at the officer that pulled him over.
“Here you go sir.”  He handed back the license and papers.
Lazzaro simply pulled his sunglasses off and stared at the officer, ignoring the outstretched items. 
“Your license, sir.”  The officer moved them closer towards Mr. Belluchi.
“Get that out of my face!”  Lazzaro yelled.  He noticed immediate movement from the other side of the car.  He didn’t care!
“Excuse me?”  The officer asked rhetorically.
“Why did you pull me over?”
“As I said yo…”
“Yes, possible traffic violations do not constitute probable cause.  What and where?  Don’t stand there and give me that trash.”  Lazzaro was getting wound up.  “I hope you aren’t green in court because if you don’t come up with some answers that is where you are going to end up.”
The young officer lowered his hand and looked up over the top of the Audi at his partner.  Some consent passed between them and then he replied.  “Our traffic cameras caught you running a red light on Broadway.”
Inside Lazzaro cursed himself and hoped they hadn’t noticed the pursuit of the silver Ford; he couldn’t afford to have this thing grow bigger on him now.  Outside he remained irate.  “So!?  Send me a ticket!  Isn’t that why you have the cameras?”  He demanded.
“Yes sir, but we were told by NYPD Surveillance Department to pull you over and detain you.  Evidently, after you ran the red light you were driving very erratic and a little fast.  It’s our job to find out what is going on with you.”  The young officer wasn’t intimidated; he had dealt with people like this before.  Everyone was going to call their hot-rod lawyer or pull strings to get them fired.  It almost always came to nothing.
Lazzaro switched tactics.  “Yes, I probably was.  I am sorry.  I have to get to a meeting and then catch a plane tonight at six.”  He tossed his hands dramatically into the air.  “I guess I am a little under the gun.”
“Yes, sir.”  Lazzaro didn’t like the tone.  “Can you please step out of the car?”
“What!?”  He screamed.
The officer raised his voice a notch and put the license and papers in his clipboard which he placed on the roof with a clatter.  “Get out of your vehicle!”
“You gotta be kidding me!”  Lazzaro was genuinely shocked.  “For a traffic violation?”
“It appears sir that you were also pursuing another vehicle.  We have been watching you through the surveillance system.  Get out of the car…now!”  Two more cops stepped up to his window.
He thought of his gun underneath the seat and wondered if he could take these guys out.  Probably not.  Belluchi reached over to unbuckle his seatbelt, but discovered it was never buckled.   He reached over grasped the door handle and slowly stepped out.
“Shut the door and turn around.”  The officer ordered.
“Man, this is going too far.”  Lazzaro protested.  “Seriously guys, a red light?”
He didn’t find an understanding ear.  “Hands on the roof.”
The officer started to frisk him.  He felt a lump beneath his right armpit.  “What’s this?”  The officer edged around him and started to put a hold on Lazzaro.
“It’s my badge.”
The young cop froze.  “Did you say your badge?”
“I didn’t stutter.”
The officer loosened his hold on Lazzaro’s arm and reached around the jacket.  “I am going to take the object out, okay.  No sudden moves.”
“Knock yourself out.”
He withdrew the badge and flipped it open.  “Special Agent – Department of Homeland Security” he read aloud.  He stared blankly at the badge glistening in the sun.  A hand reached over his shoulder and he placed the badge in the superior officer’s hand.

[↕]

“Sergeant Wilkins.”  Wilkins answered his cell phone.  “What!”  He literally felt the sweat break out on his body.  “Are you sure?  Special Agent?”  He plucked his mustache furiously.  “I don’t know…let me think.”  He growled.  He probably should call the Captain, but didn’t want this on his record.  He decided to handle it himself.  “Okay, listen, apologize thoroughly and ask him if there is anything we can do to help.”  Wilkins waited as the other officer replied and then responded.  “Sure, put him on.”
“Mr. Lazzaro, this is Sergeant Wilkins with NYPD, we are sorry for the treatment you have received.  Please don’t hold anything against our boys they were acting on my orders.  We thought we saw a car chase developing, but evidently we were mistaken.  They will let you continue on your way and if there is anything that we can do to help you, please let us know.  We are prepared to serve our nation as well as our city.”  Wilkins felt he had done a good job with his apology and he felt genuinely patriotic at his offer to help.
Lazzaro was nodding his head as he straightened out his clothing.  “I understand Sergeant Wilkins.  No, I won’t hold it against them; everyone just has to do their job.”  He handed the phone back to the officer.
“Spanner.”  Wilkins spoke to the officer.  “Let him go and treat him with kid gloves.  We don’t want to catch flak for this.”
“Yes sir.”  The officer replied crisply.
Lazzaro drove away.  It was definitely a hopeless cause to try and find the silver Ford at this point.  He tried to think of what to do now.  His stomach growled.  Decision made.  He flipped his blinker on and headed toward a Chinese eatery he had found the day before.

[↕]

The little booth couldn’t have been more suitable for the moment. 
“This is perfect!”  Tim exclaimed and he seated her.  Jacqueline could only smile, her eyes sparkling with some hidden happiness that she had never felt before.  “Look at this,” Tim waved his hand at the street, restaurants, and its occupants.  “People everywhere, but,” he looked back at Jacqueline.  “You are the only one I really care to talk with right now.”
Jacqueline put her head down, “Mr. Gillette…”
“That’s Tim.”  He quickly interjected.  “I thought we had that settled.”
“Okay. Tim.”  She stared at the lunch menu in front of her, but couldn’t focus on the page.  Her eyes were starting to brim with tears.  I will not cry!  She insisted to herself.  She knew what she had felt for this man for several months, working alongside his project, but now it was nearly overwhelming.  She felt intensely drawn to him and this setting was not helping in any way.  Jacqueline took a deep breath and lifted her head, the wave of emotion gone.  “Tim,” She looked out the window.
Tim had a worried look on his face now; the lightheartedness of the previous moments was erased by what he perceived to be troubling to Jacqueline.  “What is it?”
She looked right into his eyes.  Her grey eyes searching, probing, and penetrating right into his heart and soul.  “Tim,” She said flatly.  “Don’t hurt me.”
Tim was stunned.  Hurt her?  What was she talking about?  This was a lunch date with a beautiful woman from the office.  Sure, he cared about her, maybe even deeply, but hurting her somehow hadn’t made it on his list of ‘don’ts’; it hadn’t even come up on his radar.  He slid his water glass over to the side of the table with a scrape, then thought better of it and took a drink, setting the glass down and for a moment rotated the glass in its water ring.  “Jacqueline, Miss Defray, I…” he spread his hands.  “I am not…”
Jacqueline was not letting him off of the hook; she knew the pain of being used and discarded by men.  She felt it coming with Gillette.  Her feelings were too intense to be ignored.  This man was not only good-looking, but was powerful and could elevate her life much farther than she could have ever dreamed possible.  Worst of all, he was the only man that for the last two years she had even given a second look.  In the last year since she had first saw him and worked for him she knew that she wanted to know him, to explore the intense attraction she had to him, not just physically, but there was something so real about his demeanor she felt drawn to him.  She was in a very vulnerable position right now and didn’t know if she could handle a crash from outer space back to earth at this time in her life – her mother had just been diagnosed with cancer three months ago.  “Promise me.”  She looked at her hands in her lap for a second and then returned her probing gaze back to the dark eyes of the handsome man across the table.  “Promise me or I will get up and walk out of here this very minute.”
Tim was nearly speechless, but quickly found his voice.  As he looked at her face and into her eyes, he knew she was intensely serious.  “I promise.”
“Don’t lie to me.  Mean it.”  She burned the words into his eyes with hers.
There is no let up in this gal!  Tim liked that.  He allowed the slightest of smiles to play upon his features; a little in the eyes and a little in the corners of his mouth.
“Are you laughing at me?” She seemed slightly angry.
“Absolutely not!” He knew where he stood now.  “Miss Jacqueline Defray, I have the utmost respect for you.  You are a great person, a wonderful associate, a great team player…” she started to interrupt, but he held up his hand.  “Let me finish.  I cannot tell you the last time, in my dull life, that I have enjoyed so much being with somebody as I have in the last few minutes.”  He paused and reflected.  “Well, that is except for my short elevator ride with you this morning and the honor of your visit to my office, but I miss the point.”
“Yes, I believe you do.”  She was still stern, but softening.
“That being said, no matter what, I give you my promise that I will not do anything to hurt you, in any way.”  The he added.  “Intentionally, that is.”  He smiled fully at her now.  She did not smile back, but looked very relieved.
“Thank you.”  She demurely said.
“I hope you believe me.”  Tim spoke earnestly.
“I do.”  She looked into his eyes.  “Thank you, Tim.”
He laughed and reached for her hand, but she was instantly in the process of occupying her hands with the menu.  Tim was undisturbed; he had come to expect things as this from woman.  He reached for his menu as well.  “So, have you been here before?  What’s good?”
“It’s all good.”  She was happy for the new direction of conversation and took up her own menu.  After a few minutes of perusing the menu, they decided and almost magically a waiter appeared and they ordered.
Tim now looked very serious and professional, not intentionally, but it was his job.
“To the business at hand.” He reached in his pocket and fingered the flash drive.  He had found himself doing this all day.  “The man who has breached our system; It wouldn’t happen to be Mr. Lazzaro Belluchi would it?”
Jacqueline had tried quickly to catch up again with the new shift of conversation and was just ordering her thoughts when Tim spoke the man’s name.  Her mouth dropped open.  
“Yes, how did you know?”  She asked bewildered.
“It is a long story.”  He told her of the encounter that he had that morning and what Belluchi had said to him, the badge and all.  He left out the part about his tantrum when he came into his office.
“So he is working for the government; for Homeland Security?” She was floored.
“He never did say, just threw the badge on the table.” Tim chewed his lip for a second.  “But, truthfully, I have some serious doubts.  Things just don’t add up right.”
“The man gives me the creeps.”  She interjected.
“I second the motion.”  He took a sip of the strong, black, house blend Italian roast coffee and deftly replaced the cup without a sound.  “That was a part of it, but there was way more to it.  First, why would one of our companies Executive Vice-Presidents modify our security to allow Lazzaro’s biometrics to access my office?  Couldn’t a phone call or appointment have made things easier?  No, it was a part of the bigger picture.  I think Lazzaro was looking for my project in the office, while at the same time watching the cameras on the elevators for me.  He was counting on a few more minutes, but upon not having found the data, and upon seeing me, he realized he wouldn’t be able to beat the clock so he quickly changed plans.”
“Wait!”  Jacqueline leaned forward against the table, the movement and subsequent impression caught Tim’s eye.  She didn’t notice.  “There are cameras on the elevators?”
“Every single one.”  Tim retrained his focus.  “And audio feed as well.  There are cameras everywhere.”
“Unbelievable!”  Jacqueline couldn’t help but think of all the times she had thought she was alone and had taken the opportunity to take care of certain wardrobe necessities.  “That is invasion of privacy.”
Tim shrugged.  “Have you looked around lately?”  He waved out at the street again.  “There are cameras everywhere in this world.”  He pointed up.  “Oh, and drones and satellites.  I agree with you, but there is no escaping it.”  She really looked bothered.  “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know.  It just doesn’t seem right.”  She wrinkled her nose.
“It’s not, but you know how everybody is these days.  They would rather give up their privacy to be made to feel safe.”
“That’s crazy!”  She was upset.
Tim leaned his elbows on the table and slid forward.  “What’s even crazier is that people are willing to give up their liberties as well!  Notice I said, ‘feel’ safe, because no amount of security can truly make us safe.  For that matter no amount of laws can either.  They can help, but in the end it is up to the individual.  All these things bring, with their sense of safety, a loophole or vulnerability built into them.”  He pointed toward Jacqueline.  “Take the elevator, for instance.  It has a camera to help keep people secure, but it can’t truly deter crime, only enable us to identify the crime and hopefully the criminal.  But it goes even further.”  Tim held up his iPhone.  “See this?  These multi-million dollar ‘safety’ and ‘security’ features that we have built into our high-rises here in New York can all be brought down with this!” He wagged the phone.  He then told her what he had seen on Lazzaro’s iPhone.  “There is nothing in our system that allows for that, so he hacked into it somehow.”  Tim leaned back and folded his arms.  “So, tell me, did it really make us safer or was it simply a system to make us ‘feel’ safer and actually made us more vulnerable?”
“Yes, I see.”  She understood his explanation and it bothered her.
“You do see, what got us into the whole problem was a system that was actually supposed to protect us.  Take, for instance, the biometric scanner mandated by the Federal government because we work on Top Secret projects.  My office would have been more secure with an old-fashioned lock and key.”
“You mentioned laws, what about them?”  Her interest piqued.
“Perfect example, New York.”  He again waved a hand toward the window.  “There are crimes committed, that’s breaking the laws, by criminals – those people who have a record of breaking laws, everyday with items that are illegal, or against the law to possess.  In what way did the law prevent these acts?”
She sat straight up in her booth “Wow!  I have never considered that.  It didn’t.”
“Exactly!”  He took another drink of coffee.  “Now, the laws are good, for the most part, but they are only good for reaction not prevention.  This concept is completely lost on the vast population of the United States, even the world.  They think that new laws are going to prevent crime, but actually at some point in the proliferation process it increases crime.”
“Increases it?  I don’t understand.”  Jacqueline looked baffled.
“Absolutely!  Where before criminal x had only one hundred laws to break; now he has one hundred and one to break.  That’s not all.  There are good, law-abiding, American citizens out there, never been in trouble with the law, but are now unwittingly breaking a law that was designed to fail.  Because of public outcry the legislature and media put their heads together and told the American people that this new law would prevent crime and make them safer, but never told them it would also make some of them criminals as well.”
“Amazing!”  Jacqueline was spell-bound, she had never even heard of anything like this before.
“Another perfect example.  Take the shooting over in Chicago three weeks ago, where seven people were killed in a retail complex.  Everything about that was illegal; illegal immigrant, illegal car, illegal gun, but it still happened!  Seven people lost their lives depending upon a law that said all these things were illegal to protect them and it failed to do so.  They didn’t stop to think that criminals are already criminals.  They don’t pick and choose which laws to break.  They don’t subscribe to federal publications that keep them up-to-date on every new law.  They just do what they always done…exactly what they want to do, indiscriminately, for the most part.  Without a second thought.  Those seven people that were killed didn’t realize that new laws only affected them.  They had to give up their guns, their rights, and their privacy, not the criminal.  In reality, the law, we could say, made them more unsafe.”
“More unsafe?  What do you mean?”  Jacqueline wrinkled her brow.
“Well, let’s consider a hypothetical:  What would have happened, if by some stretch of a wild imagination that one of those seven, preferably the first one, was allowed to legally own and carry a firearm into that retail complex?  Now, the odds are evenly matched.  The criminal pulls out his illegal weapon and the law-abiding citizen pulls out his legal weapon.  A standoff ensues and, best case-scenario, the criminal is shot and killed.”
“Killed?  Why not make him drop the gun or something, why kill him?”  Jacqueline didn’t like his hypothetical.
“You forget criminals are not good listeners.  They are already non-compliant.  Look at it this way.  One destructive life was taken to save six productive lives.  Think about what our current Congressman said about the recent push for gun-control in New York State, “…if it saves one life, it is worth it…””  Tim scoffed.  “Do you think they really believe that?”
“I don’t know.”  She replied, still on the fence.
“But, it sounds good!  It makes people ‘feel’ safe.  Jacqueline, do you know what the number one killer in the United States is today?”
She thought for a moment then replied “No.”
“Heart attacks; followed by strokes, automobile accidents, cancer, ill health, and flu.  Less than one percent of the population even experience violent crime or are victims of violent crime, whether they survive or not.”
Jacqueline simply stared.
“Do you know what the most fatal thing in the history of the world is?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Life.”
“Life?”
“Yes, life.  It is one hundred percent fatal, every time, everywhere!”
“Are you joking?”  The satire was not appreciated.
“I am being very serious.  We are all going to die, so life cannot ever be one hundred percent safe.  Not even ninety percent safe.  Do you know how many people die from malaria every year in the world?  It’s in the hundreds of thousands!  They could stop it with a chemical called DDT that kills mosquitoes, but we have banned it.  Too controversial.  Wouldn’t it be worth it if it just saved one life?”  Tim chuckled.  “You see they don’t really mean it.”
“I see.”  She pulled on her ear lobe repeatedly, deep in thought.
“What about our children?  Everything is for the children these days.  Remember the recent school shootings?  They spawned a ban on guns all over this nation.  I got news.  Guns were already banned on school property.  But again the misconception that laws prevent crime.  The only thing that prevents crime is the thorough punishment of criminals.”
“What do you mean?”  She was not following his line of logic.
“Well, there is an old saying that came out of the Wild West, “we don’t hang horse thieves for stealing horses, we hang horse thieve so that horses may not be stolen”.”
Jacqueline crossed her arms and leaned back.  “I am not sure I like the sound of that.  What’s it supposed to mean.”
Tim smiled.  “I am sure that you can guess, but I will humor you.  The horse has already been stolen.  Hanging a man doesn’t change that or bring the horse back or save the owner’s life, but it sure makes a man think twice about stealing a horse when he sees a corpse swinging from a cottonwood tree by his neck.”
“That horrible!”  Jacqueline made a face.  
“Yes, but oddly enough…it worked!”  Tim didn’t laugh, but was serious.  “But I get off track.  Do you know what the number one killer of children is in the United States according to the Center for Disease Control in a 2007 study?  Ahead of cancer and sickness?”
“I have no idea.”
“You and the majority of Americans.  The answer is…swimming pools.”
“What?  You have got to be kidding me!  Swimming pools.”
 “That is correct.  In 2007, 2,194 children were killed by accidents; automobile, etc, the top of that list was swimming pools.  Violent crime or domestic violence account for less than 500 in a separate category!  Death by assault with a firearm was 201, not an insignificant number, but death by assault without a firearm was higher at 346.  Our children are in more danger from unarmed people than armed people, as far as guns are concerned.  They are in even more grave danger from those things that we try to do right for them, like buy them swimming pools.  Yet, we have not banned or otherwise outlawed swimming pools.  What do we do?  We focus on guns!  They hardly even register on the overall scale.  In 2010, as I already said, the number one killer overall in American was heart disease, followed by cancer, and respiratory problems.  That’s nearly one million people!”  Tim held up his hands.  “In the same year over 50,000 people died from flu and pneumonia!”  Tim paused, looked out the window briefly tapping his thumb on the tabletop and then looked back at Jacqueline.  “Look any death of any person or child is tragic, no matter the cause, but all I am trying to convey is that death is inevitable for all of us and in some cases unavoidable.”
Jacqueline did not respond, but simple stared at the table in front of her.  She thought of her mother having cancer.  She felt that her mother would pull through, but it proved Timothy’s point.
“I am sorry.  I hope I didn’t come across as callous or overload you with too much information.”  Tim reached out and touched her arm.  She snapped out of it.
“No.  No, you didn’t and you weren’t callous.  I was just thinking.”  Her gaze focused on something far away again.  “You know, my father was killed with a gun.”  She looked up at Tim.
Tim blinked and immediately was sorry he had opened his mouth.  “I am sorry, Jacqueline, I never knew.  I am so sorry for you.”
“It’s alright.  It was a long time ago and I have reconciled myself to it.”  She paused.  “My father was killed in the Desert Storm, shortly before I was born.  He was a member of the military, 101st Airborne.”
“Then he died fighting for his country.”  Tim proposed.
“Sort of…he started out fighting for his country, but ended up fighting for my mother.”
“I don’t understand.”  Tim cocked his head to one side.
“My mother is half Iraqi and half Iranian.  Though sweet and beautiful, she was an outcast, but my father fell in love with her and I was conceived somewhere not far from a battlefield.  Later, the sectarian violence became a danger to my mother.  There were certain people of Iraq that thought they saw their chance to rid themselves of people like my mother, who wasn’t of a pure bloodline.  My father was there visiting, against orders, and fought them off, but sustained fatal wounds and died in my mother’s arms.  When Iraq was liberated by the U.S. military it opened the door for my mother and me to leave the country.”
“My God!  What a man!  Jacqueline, you should be proud!”  Tim was sad and elated at the same time to hear such a story of patriotism, courage, and love.
“I am very proud.”  Jacqueline smiled at Tim.  “I have only one regret.”
“What is it?”
“I wish I could’ve have known him.”  She looked into Tim’s eyes and smiled her face radiant.



Chapter 7 – 12:17 AM EST


Mark paid the cab driver through the window and then turned and started toward the door of the Grotto Azzurro.  He checked his watch as the door swung open; he hoped he wasn’t too late for lunch.
“How many, sir?”  The maître de asked.
“Well, I am actually looking for a man and woman that came together.”  Fetterman looked around the restaurant over the maître de’s shoulder, but didn’t see them anywhere.
“Hmmm, well we see a lot of couples for lunch.”  The man pressed his thumb against his cheek, chewing on it.
“Yes, of course.”  Fetterman paused.  “This is a nice looking couple.  She has dark hair and olive complexion; he is in a grey suit and about six feet tall, black hair.”
“Ah!  Say no more.”  He turned and motioned for another waiter to come over.  “A very nice couple.”  He turned back to Mark.  “Recently married?”  He smiled.
“What?”  Mark was puzzled.  “Why no, just co workers.”
“I see.”  He smiled broadly, this he saw every day.  “They may be more than that before long.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Sir, they were smiling so brightly that I had to shield my eyes.”  He winked.
“Really?”  Mark slowly raised an eyebrow at this new information.  This job wasn’t getting any easier.  Now instead of taking care of two separate people he was now babysitting love birds.
The waiter came up to him and the maître de told him to take the man to the back booth.

[↕]

Chet was beat.  He pushed back from his desk and went to take a break.  He had been at his console, except for potty breaks, for over five hours nonstop.  He would have had a break if it had not been for all the excitement.  He stepped out into the hallway, blinking at the brightness of the overhead lighting and made his way to the vending machines, one with its brightly lit beach scene featuring a cold, generic soft drink in the sand.  He slipped a couple of worn dollars from a roll out of his pocket and fed them into the drink machine.  Next he fished out his phone and touched the ‘new message’ notification and without looking hit the button for his energy drink.  Thankfully, they were still rebels here and hadn’t conformed their vending machines to be politically correct.
The message was a picture texted to him from his girlfriend.  It looked like she had a new Chihuahua.  Man, I hate those little bug-eyed dogs!  He thought.  He replied, ‘Nice dog!  Happy for you.’ Then lied.  ‘Can’t wait to see it!’  He hit ‘send’ and then slid his phone back into his pocket and cracked the tab on his drink, taking a long, burning drink as he pushed open the door to the outside.
Chet wasn’t a full-fledged geek, but he could be if he let himself.  He loved technology and, for the most part, it seemed to love him back.  He knew his way in and out of every device, OS, system, and program on the market…and a few not on the market.
He was a typical American kid in many ways, divorced parents, disillusioned with politicians, distrustful of policemen, and in love with the latest techno-gadgets.  There was something that was exceptional about Chet Lufkin; it was his undying patriotism.  He came from a long line of red-blooded Americans who believed in American ideals, something he felt like was being trampled on along with his Constitutional rights.  He came from the country and was a country boy at heart, but had gone into computer engineering upon entering college.  It was a quirk of fortune that landed him in New York working for TransGap Technologies.  He liked the city life for the most part, but longed for his home in the South with its easy, slow way of talking, lopsided grins, unabashed swagger, wild weekends, and ubiquitous fried food.
Chet’s mind kept wandering back to the situation with Mark and their contract with DefSol.  He took another swallow of the carbonated liquid energy and pulled his phone out again.  He opened the Domino’s app and ordered a small pizza and cheese sticks, confirming the delivery option and paying with ‘Quick Checkout’; his card was linked to the app…he was a regular.

[↕]

When Mark Fetterman walked up to the booth, Jacqueline was dabbing her eyes with the napkin.  He stood for a moment, partially obscured by hanging curtain, and finally cleared his throat.  They both looked over at him and then Tim quickly got out of the booth.
“You must be Mr. Fetterman?”  Tim smiled broadly over a firm handshake.
“Yes, and you must be Mr. Timothy Gillette.”  Mark liked the man.  His smile was genuine and his grip was a man’s.
“I am, pleased to meet you.”  Tim replied.
“Likewise,” Mark nodded to Jacqueline. “Miss Defray, good to meet you as well.”
Jacqueline nodded and smiled, extending her slender hand.
Tim motioned to the seat which he had just vacated.  “Please sit, we just now ordered.”  He turned and motioned for a waiter which then started toward them.  Jacqueline looked up at Tim with her long-lashed dark eyes and slid over in the booth to allow him enough room to sit down, but not too much.  Timothy Gillette was momentarily lost in those glistening pools of tender mystery and found his heart start a quicker rhythm.  He tried to remain casual, but knew he wasn’t fooling Jacqueline.
“Thank you Jacqueline.”  He slid into the booth, his leg just touching her hip.  It sent bolt of electricity through him.
“You’re welcome, Timothy.”  She smiled again and reached across the table and slid his cup and place setting in front of him.  Tim reached up and took his linen and placed it on his lap, spreading it out, as he did his arm bumped Jacqueline’s hand which she had  on her lap now.  It sent a pleasant impulse along his elbow.
This could get out of hand real quick!  Tim thought.  He didn’t want to lose his job or make a boorish fool of himself.  He apologized and quickly reached for his coffee cup.
Fetterman was watching this entire exchange, while not seeing everything, he was aware of the chemistry between the two.  He decided to ignore it; it wasn’t a part of his job, but secretly he applauded Mr. Gillette for his catch.
“Well,” Mark Fetterman snatched up his newly placed menu from the table.  “Since we are already on first name basis in this meeting, you both can call me Mark.”  They both looked like deer in the headlights and so he smiled and opened his menu.
Once he had ordered Fetterman pulled out a small spiral bound notepad from an inside pocket and flipped it open.  Taking a pen from the same inside pocket he clicked it on and asked.  “Shall we?”
“Yes, quite.”  Gillette was all business now.  “Get me caught up to speed.”
He related everything that he had already told Jacqueline.  Tim nodded at particular parts, indicating he knew or was following the story line.  Then Mark told them about his fun on the way there and all that entailed, leaving nothing out.  Both Jacqueline and Tim looked at each other with a very somber expression.
“So, that brings us here.”  Mark jotted a few things down on the dog-eared notepad.  “Main points here:  Security breach, possible involvement of DHS or some other agency, possible espionage, possible NYPD involvement moving forward, definite level of danger to both of you, and obviously the task of securing whatever this man or his people want.”  Mark looked straight at Tim.  “Any idea what Lazzaro could be after?”
“Absolutely.”  Tim looked around carefully.  “I have the flash drive in my pocket and it is secure with password protection.”
“Okay.  That increases the danger to your life up a notch.”  Fetterman scribbled something.  “The password will only bother these people for a few minutes; the main thing is get it somewhere they can’t touch it.”
“I am supposed to meet with an agent from the Pentagon this afternoon and present him with our project.  I could give it to him.”
“I wouldn’t advise that.”  Mark was serious.  “It would then become property of the U.S. Government and it is debatable if you would be able to maintain control after that.”  He paused.  “Pentagon huh?  Do you mind telling me a little bit about the project?”
Tim looked at Jacqueline for several seconds, who returned the gaze with a worried expression.  She didn’t know much about the project, but knew it was Top Secret.  He finally turned his gaze back to Mark Fetterman.  “I can’t tell you the details, but it has to do with our military’s capabilities to track enemy submarines, utilizing emerging technology coupled with existing equipment and satellites, both military and civilian.  It’s pretty complicated, but that about sums it up.”
Mark nodded appreciatively.  “I see.  Do you have any idea why someone would want this so badly; purportedly the DHS?”
“Yes and no.”  Tim thought how to respond.  “I think some of our enemies would definitely want to know our secret as well as reverse engineer the program, but I don’t know why DHS would want it.  It is a little outside of their scope.”
“What aren’t they involved in that isn’t outside their scope?  I think we may leave the option on the table; it doesn’t have to make sense.”  Mark took a sip of water.  “I am retired from the military and I can definitely see the connection there.  Yet, I am curious; don’t we already have capabilities of tracking submarines?”
“Yes, but they are old technology.  Some are active, but most are passive relying on things such as sonar buoys and such.  This is very advanced and technical.  I can’t tell you anymore about it.”
“Understood.”  Then Mark replied.  “If it helps, my secret clearance is all the way to Secret, still current.”
Tim raised his eyebrows.  “Wow!  That’s impressive, but unfortunately, Jacqueline is not even Top Secret.  That’s all I can tell you.”
“Okay.  So, we need to discuss our next step in this.  We need to look at every new face and current player in this with suspicion until proven innocent.  Also, we have got to keep this under a lid otherwise it won’t be secret long.  I have a feeling I am going to be dealing with the NYPD later on this week.”  His food arrived and he picked up his fork.  “Which, by the way, do you still have that bottle with Lazzaro’s fingerprints on it?”
Tim’s mouth fell open.  “You know about that!?”  His mind was reeling.  “How did you know?”
“Mr. Gillette,” Ignoring their first name agreement earlier.  “Something that we are all going to have to come to grips with, hopefully never get used to, is that there are no secrets…at all, for anyone!”  He sliced off a piece of lasagna and forked it into his mouth.
With the murmur of customers and clinking utensils against plates in the background, Jacqueline’s mind was literally reeling with all the new things this day had brought.  She could write in her diary, if she had kept one, that this was one of the worst days and also one of the best days of her life.  She wanted to reach over and take Tim’s hand for reassurance, but opted to shore up herself and brave it all at this point…maybe later.
Mark swallowed and washed his food down with water.  “Truth is that if we don’t decide to go with the flow at this point, we will be fighting a losing battle.  Technology is a two-edged sword.”  He thought of his last conversation with Chet and mentally fingered his Ace-in-the-hole.  “We are going to use the other edge.”  He then looked very seriously at Jacqueline.  “Miss Defray, pardon me, but I have a gut instinct that you are going to be the center of attention in this little misadventure before too much longer.  I have been in the business awhile and have a good instinct for these sorts of things.  Again, though, we are going to use that to our advantage.”  He watched her for a moment.  “Are you willing to participate?”
She spoke to Mark for the first time since he had sat down.  “It doesn’t look like I have a choice.  I am already involved.”
“You are right, but you do have a choice moving forward.  It could mean the safety of both of you as well as the protection of your project.  I promise you that TransGap will be doing its best as well.  What do you say?”
In the silence Jacqueline looked at Tim, his handsome features standing out to her even more now.  “I am willing.”  She said as she looked into Tim’s eyes.
“Good!”  Mark reached in his other inside pocket and drew out two small thin wafer looking devices.  “Here is the plan…”

[↕]

The wonderful smell of pizza filled his nostrils as Chet slid the box open.  Several envious coworkers made faces as if they were sniffing the air as he walked back into the work area.  He was going to do a working lunch today.  He plopped the box down on top of his work station and then plopped himself down in the swivel chair tossing his empty can in the wastebasket at the same time.  Reaching over with his left hand he deftly separated a cheese stick from the herd and with his right clicked his mouse and then one handed typed in his password.  He did a quick system scan with his special software, ensuring no one was tampering with his system and then opened an application on his desktop.  A map of the United States momentarily appeared and automatically zoomed in on New York, then downtown Manhattan showing three flashing blips on his screen all in a tight little bundle.
“Bingo.”  Chet said to himself and then stuffed the whole cheese stick in his mouth.  He wiped his hands and took out his phone.  He sent a text message to Mark to let him know that he had all three devices online.  Mark replied quickly.  Chet reached for the double pepperoni pizza, took a slice and headed back to the drink machine.
While Chet was gone the three dots started to slowly separate into two groups; two close together making their way south and a third heading north on his screen.
By the time Chet returned with lemon-lime soda there was a significant degree of distance between the two groups.  He slid another cheese stick in his mouth and then selected one of the blips with his mouse cursor.  A detail screen appeared showing a designated name, in this case Gillette, as well as direction, speed, altitude, vital signs, etc – it virtually told Chet more about Tim than Tim even knew about himself.  Next he clicked on the other blip, Jacqueline, with all the same information appearing.
Chet nodded his head and swallowed.  “Cool!”  He reached over and took another drink of his soda.  He then checked his boss’s blip.  Everything checked out, the patches were working great!
“Excuse me Chet.”  A voice spoke just over his right shoulder.  He turned around.  It was one of the staff that he worked with.  “I have the tow company on the line and they are just a little ways away from here.  They said you asked them to call when they got close.”
“Yes,” Chet stifled a burp.  “Thank you.  Could you and Geoff help him when he gets here?  Then would you be so kind to both drive it around the parking lot and see if you can hear any kind of noise or anything?  I think the car is okay, but it may need to go to the repair shop.   Let me know if you feel like it isn’t driving right.”
“Okay.”  The young staffer replied.  “I don’t know much about cars, but I can sure give it a try.”
“Oh, you know, women sometimes pick up on things us guys sometimes miss.  I am sure you will do fine.”
She gave Chet that ‘whatever’ look and walked off.  Chet went back to work.  Fingerprints. Check.  By the time the towing company and those two got through with the vehicle it would be impossible to prove who was driving the vehicle unless they got everyone in court.  Man, he might even go out himself and give the thing a spin to see how much pizza grease he could smear over the car.  

[↕]

Someone else was watching blips on a screen.  Lazzaro had received the go ahead to escalate the operation to the next level.  It was done.  He had previously acquired the cell phone numbers of both Timothy Gillette and Jacqueline Defray; oddly enough Timothy’s was easier…it was on his voicemail at the office.  Now here he sat in a corner booth all to himself at Double Chin’s Chinese Buffett, tracking the two after having hacked into their phones using a little more capable software than one found on a Google search, but same principle employed by jilted boyfriends and creeps all over the world.  
One simply punches in the cell phone number of the person and through a backdoor program to clandestinely switch on the location services.  He had employed the same service that concerned parents and spouses purchase through their cellular carrier to keep their families safe.  It happened millions of times per day by governments, intelligence agencies, and law enforcement.  A defendant that breaks bail thinks they’re safe, an ex con who breaks parole feels hidden, a sex offender who moves, flees, or fails to register – all think they are clever, but the instant they switch on their cell phone, by the time it gets service their position is already triangulated.  It is the current world of electronics.  There is no hiding place…anywhere.  Nothing has a physical switch anymore on anything new.  Sure the ‘on/off’ button is physical, but only partially – it only actuates a digital sequence that could be accomplished or defeated using software.  People think they are safe by turning off their phone or by sliding a virtual button over to turn off WiFi, or GPS settings, but once compromised it is only tantamount to switching off the monitor on your computer.  Everything is still alive, but you don’t know it because you can’t see it.  Of course Lazzaro knew all of this and much more…he was a professional at what he did.  When the time came and the need arose it was simply one or two taps on his tablet and both phones would be ‘hot-mic’ed’.  Impossible to defeat with modern phones because the battery couldn’t be physically removed…it was fully integrated into the board – another behind the scenes collaboration of big corporations with big government.  Lazzaro grinned to himself as he reflected cynically.  People think that smart phones make them smart, but it only makes them integrated into the dark world of anonymous surveillance; that’s why the Secret Service took the President’s smart phone away from him and destroyed it.  It was laughable and Lazzaro desperately wanted to laugh.  Sheep, all of them.  Stupid, blind sheep!  He flicked the button of his tablet and the screen instantly went black.  He closed the case and expertly trapped the last piece of sweet and sour chicken with his chopsticks and popped it into his mouth then slid out of the booth and headed toward the door.



Chapter 8 – 1:28 PM EST


He waited on the curving sidewalk as Jacqueline locked her car.  She put her keys away and walked quickly over.  Tim had called ahead and provided her with a temporary parking pass where he was parked.  Downtown New York was almost exclusively pedestrian traffic and there were but few real parking spots available.  Today was a genuine exception to the sign that read “Handicap Parking Only”.  They walked quickly to the rear entrance of the Dwight Building and as Tim waited his card to change the light from red to green, he quickly scanned their surroundings.  Nothing seemed out of place or odd so he jerked open the door and followed Jacqueline inside.
He had confirmed at lunch with Mark Fetterman that then entire security system was now stable and back to being secure.  No more hacks in place, no more spying going on in their building.  He had unofficially fired Lazzaro and was only waiting to get to the paperwork to make it “official”, but the security was informed on his way back from lunch that the man was no longer allowed on the premises; that if he did show up he was to be notified after a phone call to the police.  He wondered if Lazzaro had been spying on other people in the other floors; maybe he would ask him just before he knocked his teeth down his throat.  He would never get over the shock of hearing that nasally voice behind him in his own office.  One just never knows!  He thought to himself.  He wished there was a way to carry a firearm with him when he crossed over from New Jersey each morning, but there was no chance that was going to be legal anytime in his lifetime.
They both got on the elevator and stared at one another as the doors slowly closed.  It was silent for several seconds as neither spoke or moved, but only looked at each other, aware of their feelings for one another.  Then on its own accord the elevator started up, being called to another floor by someone needing to change their internal altitude.  They were content to let it go and continue staring at one another.  Finally, Tim spoke quietly, “What a day and it’s barely halfway over!”
Jacqueline took a small step back and leaned against the wall and sighed heavily.
“Yes.”  She looked at the floor momentarily and then back up.  “Mr. Gillette?”
“What is it?”
“Would it sound strange if I said, I didn’t want to go back to work?”
“Absolutely not!”  He scrunched up his face in mock incredulity.  “Take the rest of the day off if you like.  As a matter of fact I recommend it.”
“I wouldn’t be productive if I stayed.”  She said quietly with a faraway look in her eyes.
“Well, we would find something that you could handle, but seriously, take the rest of the day off.”  The Tim asked.  “Do you live alone?”
“No.  I have a roommate, but she is at work generally until six o’clock.”  He looked worried, so she added.  “I could go to my mom’s she lives here in New York and has a little house all to herself.  That way I wouldn’t be alone.  She texted me and asked me to stop by anyway.”
“That’s a great idea.”  Tim reached over and pressed the button for floor forty-seven.  They went up a few more floors and picked up a couple of passengers.  Jacqueline stepped across to Tim’s side as the two men in business suits glanced at both of them, carefully lingering on Jacqueline before resuming their conversation.  She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.  She would have to let Mrs. Roberts know that she was leaving and then stop by her office for her valise.  Then she would have to decide whether she would call and make sure her mother was home or surprise her.
Tim watched as she closed her eyes, the dark, full lashes literally resting on her cheeks.  He could see her nostrils flare just slightly as she heaved another silent sigh, her bosom slightly rising.  His eyes went quickly to her hands which were gripping the rail in the elevator with unnecessary force.  She seems very stressed about all this.  He quietly reflected.  Man!  I am stressed about all of this and I am used to pressure; it’s what I live under every day!
The elevator spoke out the floor number of the two other businessmen and they quickly got off, still animated in their conversation about their two favorite NFL teams playing against each other in last year’s playoffs.
They picked a few more people dropping them off before they arrived at Jacqueline’s floor.
“Are you going to be alright?”  Tim asked the concern showing on his face and in his voice.
“I think so.”  Jacqueline replied, somewhat unsure herself.
“I mean, overall yes, but really what I meant was getting your things and making your way to your mother’s.  Do you feel okay?”  Tim clarified.
“Honestly,” Jacqueline looked his straight in the eye as she reached to hold the door open a few more seconds.  “Not really.  It’s like stepping into a different world where you wonder about everything and everyone where you took so much for granted.”  The door tried to close, but jerked back.
“I know what you mean.”  Tim said reassuringly.  “Please don’t hesitate to call me, my personal line, if you need anything.  I am taking this seriously, both personally and professionally; you are my responsibility you know.  I want to take care of you.”
The elevator buzzed impatiently and Jacqueline quickly stepped through, still holding the doors open with her arm.  “Thank you Mr. Gillette,” They were back to their professional capacities now; it was force of habit, or maybe the ingrained culture of corporate world.  “Seriously, I may take you up on that.”  She smiled and was gone, the buzzing only subsiding when the doors were shut tight.  The elevator moved upward.

[↕]

“…Please don’t hesitate to call me, my personal line, if you need anything.  I am taking this seriously, both personally and professionally; you are my responsibility you know.   I want to take care of you……….Thank you Mr. Gillett, seriously, I may take you up on that…….”  There was only the rustle of clothing to be heard until the familiar sound of the synthetic elevator voice called out the floor.  Shoes striking marble and then muffled entirely as they transitioned to carpet.  A door latch and then the ‘click’ of the strike plate; this followed by the sound of the panel housing the biometric scanner.  The latch to Gillette’s office noticeable louder and then the heavy closing.  Lazzaro smiled to himself.  Technology is wonderful.  He realized upon leaving the Chinese restaurant that his ‘backdoor’ program had been defeated and immediately resorted to hot-mic of Gillette’s phone.  He had access to Jacqueline’s as well, but he heard what he needed to; besides he had other plans for her.  When he was at Double Chin’s eating he realized that there was no way he would be allowed back in the Dwight Building – his job was no doubt terminated.  It was then that Belluchi had taken the subway to an internet café that he frequented to plan his next move.  He was there now, in a special quiet place toward the back.  He had not been scheming long, when his two subjects made his plans for him.  He reached up and turned the volume up on his Bluetooth; Gillette was quiet and he wanted to catch any detail.

[↕]

Tim went to his favorite place every time he walked into his office.  The tall window overlooking the Hudson River.  He stood staring out at the water.  Then his eyes roamed over to Liberty Island.  There stood, that welcoming mother of liberty, her torch held high to cast is light to those “yearning to be free”.  He looked just beyond at the sail boats moving out toward the open sea.  It made him long to be in far more comfortable clothes slipping the thick rope of Smooth Fusion, his own sailboat, off its moorings.  He sighed and glanced back at Lady Liberty before turning toward his office and pulling out his phone.  At first he didn’t notice how warm it was – it was August after all and it had been in his pocket, but as he turned the screen toward him his fingers curled around the hot battery.  Strange.  He thought no more of it until he tried to wake the phone.  It hesitated, the screen flashed on, back off and then back on again.  Stop it!  Tim thought.  He almost hated cell phones at times.  He unlocked the screen and tried to speed dial Laura back at the house – she would be wondering why he hadn’t called her during his lunch break.  The phone simply displayed the picture of a beautiful, smiling blonde woman’s picture with Laura beneath and ‘calling’.  It wouldn’t connect.  Tim looked at the bars, full signal.  It still wouldn’t connect.  He tried to terminate the call, but the screen wouldn’t respond.  He gritted his teeth in frustration and slammed the phone down with his palm onto the hardwood desk and walked over to his private bathroom.  He didn’t see the screen display ‘Call ended’.

[↕]

“SLAM!”  Lazzaro nearly jumped up in the little booth as he jerked the Bluetooth earpiece out of his ear.  He wasn’t smiling anymore.  Instead he was wiggling his index finger around in his ringing right ear, trying to alleviate the mild discomfort.  What was that?  He wondered.  It felt like it nearly blew his eardrum.  He looked at his listening device to see that he was still connected and then carefully, slowly reinserted his earpiece.  At first he heard nothing and then he heard a toilet flush followed by water running in a sink.  He must’ve had to go in a hurry.  Lazzaro renewed his slight smile, subdued, but there nonetheless.

[↕]

Jacqueline gathered her things and then picked up the desk phone and put a call in to her supervisor.  She explained briefly that some things had come up and she was taking the rest of the day off; using her vacation time.  When she was asked if there was anything wrong, Jacqueline replied that she had been told by the Branch President, Mr. Timothy Gillette to take the remainder of the day off.
“Well, Honey, that doesn’t constitute vacation; not if you are being told.  You aren’t in any kind of trouble are you?”  Mrs. Roberts sounded truly concerned, she would be too; she was like a mother hen over her little cluck of chicks when it came to her personnel.
“Okay.  Whatever you think – it doesn’t matter either way.  Trouble?  Not with Mr. Gillette or anything.  It is a job related incident that’s all.  Mr. Gillette was inadvertently involved and will be taking care of the reports and what not.”
“All right you have good afternoon.  Are you headed home?”  Mrs. Roberts replied.
“I am going to surprise my mom and go to her house.  We will probably spend the evening together.”
“Wonderful!  Okay, Baby, bye, bye.”
Jacqueline replaced the receiver, grabbed her things and flicked off the light, shutting the locked door behind her.  She never noticed the email message flashing on her screen.  It was a message that was telling her that her phone was compromised and for her to put it in a safe until TransGap could take a look at it.  The message flashed in the darkness identified as urgent by a little red flag in the corner.

[↕]

Mark Fetterman pushed through the glass door into the lobby of the precinct building of the NYPD and waited for the receptionist to get off the phone.  She did and turned to greet him with a winning smile.
“Can I help you sir?”
“Yes, you can.  Would you please let Lieutenant Norman Cooper know that Fetterman is here?”
“Yes sir.”  She picked the phone back up and pressed a key, waited a few seconds and then spoke.  “Yes sir, Mr. Cooper, there is a gentleman by the name of Fetterman here.”  She was quiet and nodded, “Okay.”  She replied and replaced the receiver.  Looking through the glass window she informed Mark that Cooper was coming up front.
Less than one minute later the security door on the side opened up and a short, stocky man with a shaved head, narrow hips, broad neck and shirt straining at the seams to contain a massive chest, came through, a wide smile on his face.
“Fetters!  It’s good to see you!  I about choked on my protein shake when you called this afternoon.”  He reached out and took Fetterman around the middle and gave him a bear hug, slightly lifting him off the ground.  Cooper and Fetterman had both spent two tours in the Middle East together and were like brothers.  They hadn’t seen one another since Fetterman’s tour ended three months before Coopers and he decided not to reup.  They had kept in contact from time to time using email for the last year and a half.
Mark grunted – it was all he could manage anyhow, and threw his arms around Cooper.  The man is still like an animal!  Mark nearly regurgitated his lunch before Norman put him down.
“Good to see you Norm!  I see you’ve still got a gym membership.”  Mark laughed.
“Membership?  I own one!”  Norman motioned for Mark to follow him back through the door.  “I took out a G.I. loan and bought a gym upstate.  I spend most of my time off there.  I got a real neat gal running the place for me.”  He made a broad motion at the precinct offices.  “I just work here for the benefits until the gym starts paying off.”
“Wow!   That’s great!”  Mark couldn’t help, but quickly reflect on his life since combat.  He had passed up many lucrative opportunities, but didn’t regret it.  He was aiming high.  His job wasn’t for the money or the benefits.  It was for his resume.  He needed a little longer list to make his goal.  He was headed for the CIA; at least that is what he told himself.  He wanted to make an impact on his country for the good.  That was it.  He called it making his ‘Mark’.  They continued on until they came to a office door with Norman Cooper’s name on it.  He opened the door and they went inside.
“So, what’s up?  You didn’t come here to talk about my gym.”  Norman closed the door to his office and sat at his desk and leaned back in his chair.
“Right.  I actually need a favor of you – off the record.”  Mark watched his face for any sign of hesitation.
“Really?”  Norman frowned.  “What kind of unofficial favor do you need?”  Somewhat uncertain.
Mark pulled the zip-lock bag out of his pocket containing the Pierre bottle.  “Can you run the fingerprints off of this bottle for me?  It’s from a guy named Lazzaro Belluchi.  I’m betting he has a criminal history; just want to know more about him.”
“That’s it?  Fingerprints?”  Norman was visible relieved.  “Man, I thought you were going to ask me to break someone’s neck and push them in a trash bin or something like that by the way you looked at me.”  Norm picked up the phone.  “The problem is you know I would have done it.  I still owe you big-time for that day in Karbala.”  Norman punched an extension and reached his hand out for the bag.  He turned it over while waiting for someone to pick up the phone.  “Hey, Sam, Norman.  You guys back in from lunch?  Good.  How quick could you get me some prints identified?”  A pause and then. “Great!  Send him up.”  He hung up.
“They said we are in the front of the line.  Less than fifteen, likely ten minutes.”  Norman put his feet up on the desk and kicked back even more.  “Catch me up to speed on you Fetters.”
Ten minutes flew by as Mark filled in Cooper on his current endeavors, while they waited on the identification to come back on the fingerprinted bottle.  He even went so far as to tell him what was currently going on with DefSol, Inc. – the reason behind the bottle.  He could have gone through the traditional channels, but lacked the luxury of time.  Mark mentioned that he had been caught on police cam trying to evade this guy and it was likely going to get him a massive ticket eventually.
“Yeah, that’s out of my department.  I am with Tactical Deployments, the S.W.A.T. department as most know it.  There are strings I could pull, but that would only make them dig deeper and it would come back around to this meeting and the bottle.”  A knock on the door.  “Speaking of the bottle.  Come in!”
An ashen faced man, name tag identifying him as Sam came in and quietly slid the door to until it clicked.
Cooper noticed the pale complexion and focused on the thin, wiry man.  “What do we got Sam?  Do you want to give the report to this gentleman here?”  Indicating Mark.
“Well, sir, I brought it up myself because I think you should know about this.”
“Really?”
“Yes sir.  Where did this bottle come from?”  Sam asked brazenly.
“I don’t know.  That is none of our concern.  My friend here works for a security firm and needed a quick identification so we, as the public defenders, complied.”
“I think this is going to go way beyond NYPD sir.”  Sam dropped into a chair with a bang.  “I ran the prints three times to make sure.  Positive identification each time.”
The sound of Norman’s feet slamming on the floor rang through the room as he sat straight up, looking at Mark.  What is Mark up to?  He wondered if his story was true and then decided it was.  “Spill it Sam.”
“Sir, these prints came back on a not just a wanted criminal, but on one of the most notorious black market arms dealers in the world.  From what Interpol stated in their bio of him he is branching out into the cyber world as well.  Stealing and selling secrets now.”
“What?!”  Both Mark and Norman expostulated in unison.
“That’s why I came personally.  I couldn’t believe it either.  There has never been a set of prints of him ran since he was arrested as a teenager in Ukraine for a carjacking.  The man has proved very illusive.  Then this bottle of water comes traipsing in here and I run it three times and get a hit each time on Interpol’s database.  They are going to see that and start asking questions.  The problem is I don’t have any answers.  Even if I did they wouldn’t bother with me, but go to the top, maybe even the commissioner.”
“Commissioner?  Try the Mayor or Governor.  Try the CIA.”  Norman spat.  “This isn’t good.  Fetters, what are you up to?”
“Just doing my job.  Exactly what I told you.”  Mark paused.  “Look, Norman, I got to have forty-eight hours to finish, I could live with twenty-four.  Can you give me that?  After that I don’t care if you take the credit for the whole thing, but I have a job to do and it has to do with a Top Secret project for this contractor.  I need at least till tomorrow at the very minimum.  Can you stall this thing until then?”
“Absolutely.  Not due to my effort though.  It’s nighty night in Europe and I leave in four hours; so does Sam.  We may get called out of bed, but maybe not.  That gives you till mid morning tomorrow before Interpol will try to reach anyone.”
“I’ll take what I can get.”
Norman turned to Sam.  “Did you run these prints personally?”
“Yes, I didn’t expect this, but I wanted to get it done quickly and the other guys got tied up with something else.”  He added.  “I was too shocked to even tell anyone.  All I did was print out the bio and slip out of the room.
“Do you have that bio?”  Mark leaned forward extending his hand.  Sam hesitated, his professional curiosity was piqued and he wanted to read through every word of this bio, but finally put a moderately thick stack of papers in Mark’s hand.  The top sheet showed a picture of their guy.  It looked vaguely like Lazzaro Belluchi, but must have been quite outdated.  It certainly didn’t show that name.  The top sheet read:
Ashid Muhammed Sadar/Vladimir Saul Alvinsky
Iraqi Born, Russian National
International Terrorist/Arms Dealer
Wanted in 13 Countries
The rest went on to give an overview of his background.  Mark looked up at Norman with a grave look on his face.  “Looks like I went fishing for a trout and hooked a shark.”
“Hope you can reel him in.”  Norman allowed a crooked smile on his face.
“Me too.”  Mark stood.  “Well, this only confirms my gut feeling on the whole deal.  I’ll keep you posted.”

[↕]

Fetterman was on the phone with Chet as soon as the glass door of the NYPD building swooshed shut.  He ambled down the block instructing Chet on their next steps including checking into the security of both Mr. Gillette’s and Miss Jacqueline’s phones, he told him the meeting went well – he had let Chet know before lunch that he was going to a friend in the department to find out the identity of their perpetrator.
“I wouldn’t put it past this guy to have tapped into their phones somehow.”  Mark finished.
Chet was in agreement.  “Probably has them turned on remotely; tracking movements, texts, calls, and listening to everything that is going on.  The capability is all there.  Happens every day.”  Chet was furiously typing, clicking and analyzing his screen.  “I’ll see what I can do.  I’ll get back to you.  By the way, did you find out about those fingerprints – who is this guy?”
Mark looked back at the precinct building and the vast array of antennas on the roof.  “I am just leaving the Precinct building.  I’ll call you later Chet.”  He terminated the call.

[↕]

Chet looked at the phone and then set the phone down, saying to no one in particular.  “He is probably worried about the cops using a Stingray on him.”  He focused on the urgent task on hand, running specialized software to run checks on their phones.  While there was no way he could really know if anyone had hacked into their phones, what he was essentially doing was hacking into them himself and going straight to root on the phone software interface.  Once the phone status was visible on his screen he ran a parameter check on all phone systems.  First he ran Gillette’s; it came back red hot…nearly literally.  The phone’s status was officialyl in a no call mode, but was hot enough to be in full transmit mode, data and voice.  It was definitely compromised.  Puzzling enough, Defray’s phone wasn’t sending much telemetry – nothing out of the ordinary.  He terminated the program and backed out of the hack step by step, erasing his tracks.

[↕]

Mark Fetterman shut the door to the taxi and cringed when he heard the 60’s music blaring from the front seat.  Yet, it was a blessing in disguise he needed to make another call.  He gave the driver directions and pulled out his phone.
“Mr. Gillette.  This is Mark Fetterman.”  He plugged his other ear so he could hear Gillette.  “I have some news for you that is going to be a game changer.  I think the stakes have just gone up.”  Fetterman was on the verge of answering a question when his phone beeped lightly in his ear; he had a text message.  Normally, he wouldn’t have interrupted the dialogue, but this time he pulled the phone away to see the text message.  It was from Chet.  ‘Gillette’s phone is entirely compromised’.  He felt a jolt of electricity and broke out in a cold sweat.  He was only seconds from jeopardizing his client’s life.  “Um…yes…Mr. Gillette… your connection is bad is there another phone you can call me on?  Better yet, I will wait and talk with you at a better time.”  He didn’t wait for a reply, but terminated the call.  He leaned back and closed his eyes.  This was getting too big too fast.  He was going to need help, but was unsure of where to turn.  He was losing focus, nearly blurting out to Timothy Gillette that their suspect was an international crime player.  If it was Vladimir or Lazzaro or whatever he called himself that was listening in then the fact that they knew who he was would put all their lives in danger.  He signed deeply.  His eyes remained shut as he tuned out the blaring music.  He sat there for several minutes rocking to the motion of downtown New York traffic.  Then his eyes flew wide open.  Something had occurred to him.  How could Belluchi be an international arms dealer?  He had worked for TransGap for at least six months before getting a job with DefSol a few months back.  There was no way a high dollar power broker would be slaving away at a day-to-day job for pennies for close to ten months!  Something was wrong…bad wrong!  He called Chet back.
“Hello, this is Chet.”
“Chet listen, I need you to drop everything and go to Linda over at HR and have her pull up Belluchi’s bio.  Call me when you are done.”  He hung up and leaned forward.  “Excuse me?”  No reply.  “Excuse me!”  He said a little louder.  The taxi driver turned his head and turned down the music.
“Yah?”
“Pull over as soon as you find a parking spot.”
“Anywhere?”
“Anywhere.”  Mark pointed ahead.  “There is one there.  Pull into it.”  The driver complied.  “Listen, I am your fare for now.  Wave everybody off.  I am waiting for an address and then I will give you directions.”
The driver simply nodded and cranked up the oldie’s music, returning his gaze back to the masses of people and traffic.
Mark Fetterman closed his eyes again and leaned back in the seat trying to think.  He was in over his head.  What had been a simple systems breach of a corporate contract had turned into an international interest.  It wasn’t the minor crimes that had been committed, they were not even worth bothering with trying to put Lazzaro behind bars – his backers would have him out and charges dropped by high powered attorneys.  He was a wanted man on the world scene.  What if Lazzaro, Ashid, Vladimir, or whatever his name was gave him the slip?  His career ambitions would be dashed, he would have a lot of explaining to do, possibly lose his job, and maybe even be charged with obstruction.  He had to think!  There was way out of this mess, but he wasn’t sure what it was.  He needed to make some calls and put some feelers out, but he really didn’t have anything to go on quite yet.  First the address from Chet, then the phone calls.
His phone rang, breaking his focus.  “Hello.”
“Boss you are not going to believe this…”
“Try me.”  Mark wanted answers at this point, surprises were a bonus.  He had his back against the wall.
“Lazzaro’s bio is gone.”
“What?”  Fetterman straightened and looked around the streets as if somehow he was going to see the thief walking around with it under his arm.  This was not a surprise for which he was prepared.
“It’s gone.  Everything.  No files on the computer, no file folder in the backup copies, nothing!”
“That’s crazy!”  Mark had a sensation of being violated.  His offices had been infiltrated and his computers compromised.
“It’s beyond that.  I did a search on Lazzaro Belluchi and nothing comes up even close.  Nothing in the city directory.  It’s as if he disappeared.”
“Or never existed.”  Mark had a cold chill run down his spine.
“I never thought of that.”  Chet responded.
They were both silent for several seconds.  Mark broke the silence.
“Chet.  The computers, were they hacked from the outside?”
“If they were than it was with some really high powered stuff or a government cyber force.  Our systems are really tight and we have shown no breaches.  It wouldn’t be the work of one lone man unless he was a real genius.”
“He may be.”  Mark bit his lip in thought.  “For the present we have to assume it was an inside job because something physical is missing.”  Mark paused.  “We have to assume any surveillance is erased as well, if they know enough to eradicate him from our computer systems.”
“Boss, I was thinking about something.”  Chet’s fingers went through his loose hair and he scratched his head.  “We always vet our employees pretty deep.  Belluchi checked out.  He was there.  He was clean.  He was real.”
“Bingo!”  Mark snapped his fingers, causing the driver to look at him in the rearview mirror.  Mark waved him off.  “Find out from Linda what company we use for background checks and text me the number.”
“Right.” Chet pressed ‘End Call’.
No less than two minutes passed when Mark’s phone chirped with the number.  Veracity Human Resources, it was one of their main companies and also used nearly exclusively by the federal government.  He called it.  A recorded greeting directed him to press a number for departments.  He pressed ‘0’ for the operator and waited.  His call was answered by a friendly female voice that transferred him to the correct department.  While the call was ringing through he took out his spiral pocket notepad and pen.
“How can I help you?”  A man’s voice answered.  Mark explained, identifying himself.  “Yes, I believe I have that information.”  There were a few mouse clicks followed by rapid typing.  “London Terrace Apartments, W 23rd St., Unit 312.”
Mark scribbled furiously.  “Got it.”  He replaced his pen.
As soon as he got off the phone, Mark leaned forward and tapped the driver on the shoulder.
“Yay?”  He read off the address, and then expertly flipped the notepad shut, replacing it in his breast pocket.  “Ah, man.  That’s going to take me over my shift.”
“I’ll leave you a nice tip.”  Mark fished out a twenty dollar bill and handed it over the seat back.  “Here’s an advance.”
The driver put the cab into gear.

[↕]

Alana Defray was a beautiful woman despite the hollow appearance of her eyes and the slightly shrunken cheeks.  Her frame wasn’t as full as it was a year ago, but the ghost of her figure still whispered beneath the pretty housecoat and floured apron.  She was a stunning woman; so strong, dignified, and genuine.  Once she had been able to get out of Iraq she made her way to Italy and then to France where she had changed her and her daughter’s names.  Jacqueline was six years old by the time she was able to get to the States.  Once there, through sheer will and pushing herself to every limit she had made enough money to not only support Jacqueline, but to help her get started in college, all the while saving to finally buy a little house two years ago.  It was nothing short of a miracle; the American dream.  It was all she wanted…almost all; she wanted to live long enough now to see Jacqueline happily married to a good man.  The door bell rang.  She wiped her strong hands that retained their feminine beauty on her apron and made her way to the door, looking out the glass to see her daughter standing there on her porch.  She quickly undid the deadbolt and swung the door open.
“Hello Mom.”  Jacqueline spread her arms out and embraced her surprised mother’s ailing body.
“Jacky!”  Her mother squealed with joy.  “Come in, come in.”  She turned and walked carefully back into the living room of her small house.  Jacqueline slowly shut the door and then slid the bolt into place, the whole time keeping her eyes on the shuffling figure of her mother going now into the kitchen.  She fought back a surge of anxiety.  Her mother would get better.  She was so strong she would defeat this too.  She had to!
“Come on in the kitchen I was just fixing myself some Chai Tea, I’ll make it two cups.”  Her mother called from around the corner.  Jacqueline slid her high heels off and slipped into her own pair of house shoes that she kept here and followed her mother.  The smells of the kitchen brought back so many memories.  Iraq. Italy. France. Finally, the U.S.  The aromas had been present at all her stepping stone homes.  She walked up to her mother and slid an arm around her waist, being careful not to bump the chemo unit strapped to her waist, and watched her mix another cup of traditional Iraqi Chai.  Despite her best efforts, Jacqueline felt herself begin to choke up.
“Sit.”  Alana said as she pecked her on the cheek.  Jacqueline went to the small round table and sat down.  She looked about her in the small kitchen.  Traditional Persian china was on display above the small bureau just below several pictures of her father.  There he was in those pictures she had looked at endlessly as a little girl; one in dress uniform with an American flag in the background, another in full battle gear sitting atop a Bradley parked in front of an AH-60, and another with his shirt off with his arm around her mother in a small courtyard; he was kissing her on the cheek as her mother smiled radiantly.  Alana sat the tea cups down and then sat herself.
“Mom?”  Jacqueline brought her gaze back to her mother watching her sip the tea – she was always able to drink it hotter than her.
“I saw you looking at the pictures again dear.”  Alana was a step ahead.  “I still look at them everyday myself.”  She took another sip.  Jacqueline tried her tea, but found it was still too hot.  “I met your father in a marketplace where he was on patrol duty.”  Jacqueline had heard the story at least one dozen times, but she still loved to hear it.  She slid down in her chair and placed her feet on the legs of the table.  “I had just finished my buying and was walked down the street to the bus stop when a rough looking boy stood in my way and with eyes full of hatred said ‘You are a disgrace to Allah’, indicating my lack of a burka.  He quickly grabbed my bag and ran.  I didn’t even have time to shout, nor did he have time to dodge before an American soldier, who had been leaning against a stone wall with his rifle, pushed off with his one foot and snatched the boy within his powerful grip, stopping his dash and taking his feet out from under him.  I could see the icy anger written on the soldier’s face as he spun the boy around with a gloved fist full of the boy’s loose clothing.  I was absolutely shocked when he spoke in Aramaic to the boy.  ‘Return the bag or I will slit your throat.’  The boy’s eyes went wild, but remained full of hate and defiance as he spat on my dress.  The soldier bared his teeth and twisted the boy’s shirt in his fist until it was cutting off his wind and then lifted him off the ground and up to his face.  He then cursed him in English and then told him again to return the bag.  The boy looked as if he would spit on the soldier’s face, but just as he formed the idea he found the man’s knife pressing on the soft spot just below his chin.  ‘Do it.’ The man said coolly. ‘It’ll be the last time you use your tongue.’  Right then another soldier put a hand to his shoulder.  ‘Sergeant, let it go.  He’s not worth a court martial.’  The boy and the soldier stared at one another and then with a powerful thrust the American soldier hurled the boy to the ground, cursing him as a piece of trash.  The boy kept his hold on the bag and jumped up and ran down the street disappearing around the corner, but not before he stopped at a safe distance and shook his fist, screaming about revenge on the infidel.  The soldier paid him no attention, but turned back to me, his chest heaving with anger.  He quickly calmed down and spoke quietly.  ‘I saw the whole thing.  I am sorry for what he has done and said.’  It was then that he stared at me for the longest time.  While I couldn’t see his eyes beneath the sunglasses I could feel them roaming over me and looking into my eyes.  I grew embarrassed, but maintained a returning gaze – something I had never done for that long before, it was a crime in my culture.  I felt my heart beating faster at this new risk.  I had always known I was beautiful, but had wanted another to know it as well, but never having been able to because of my veil.  Now, I felt, he knew it too, only it meant something different.  Suddenly, he spoke, ‘Excuse me for staring, but you are the most beautiful Iraqi woman I have ever seen.  The most beautiful woman for that matter.’  He stared a moment longer, then asked quietly.  ‘Do you shop here every day?’  I told him that I only came twice a week.  He replied that he would be here for two more weeks and then they were changing his patrol again.  ‘I would like to see you again.’  I looked at the ground and then back up to him.  ‘You cannot be with me.  It is too dangerous for both of us.  My people would never allow it.’  He was undeterred.  ‘They can’t stop me from looking.’  He smiled, showing even white teeth and a small dimple on his left cheek.  I am afraid I blushed right down to my sandals.  He then pulled out a few dinar and pressed them into my hand.  ‘For the groceries.’  I thanked him and returned to the market without another word.  As I was replacing my stolen items a large truck pulled up and several soldiers jumped down while the others tossed packs to them.  I watched as the American soldiers, including the one who had just helped me started to climb up in the truck.  The man turned and lifted a hand slowly waving.  I returned the motion from waist high; hoping no one in the stalls caught the movement.  He truly had no idea how dangerous this could be or how I was suddenly beginning to not care.”  Alana stared at the photos for several seconds before taking another sip.  Her tale finished here; it always did.
The next two weeks began their story of love.  Samuel Defray had decided if they couldn’t meet in public, then they would meet in private.  He found out from her where she lived and hatched a plan for a visit.  Things went well the first couple of times, his Aramaic was good, he was quite tan, and the dark hair helped him pass as an Iraqi.  Then someone caught on and all hell broke loose that fateful night.



Chapter 9 – 1:59 PM EST


“Here is your stop.”  The driver turned down the radio and read off the meter.  “Shall I wait for you?”
“No, thank you.”  Fetterman grabbed several bills from his wallet.  “Keep the change.”
“Ah, yes, my tip.”  The man smiled for the first time revealing several gold teeth.  Fetterman didn’t even notice, he had already exited the car and was heading toward the apartments and unit 312.  As he approached he examined why he was here.  He didn’t really know; it was just a hunch.  Yet, it seemed his hunch was confirmed by the fact that Lazzaro Belluchi’s file was missing.  Everything seemed to center around this man.
He pushed the door to the lobby open and was greeted by a burst of cool air, the fragrance of wild perfume, and more music – this time a little more paletteable than the last.  He had noticed the security camera; he had been looking for it, but kept his face turned away, until he was just under it, by then out of its range of view, he looked up at the camera above the door frame – low quality, they should be using better stuff.  He paused briefly once inside to glance around for any signage that would direct him toward 312.  He rapidly ran through his options in his mind.  First, he could simply get on the elevator and locate the apartment on his own, hoping for good luck, or he could approach the office and supply credentials that may or may not grant him ready access.  He had no doubt he could get in the apartment without aid if necessary – he was an expert at entries.  Yet, he had no search warrant, should someone come onto him he might be in hot water.  On the other hand if he went to the office and they saw his credentials they might provide him with a key and the onus would be on them, but if they refused and then he went up they could notify the authorities.
He decided on a compromise.  He would cast off immediate suspicion by speaking with the attendant on duty and buy him additional time.  He was sure there were cameras that would capture his entry.  He approached the window that had stenciling on it designating it as the office.
“Can I help you?”  A middle-age woman with short-cropped hair asked politely, but not friendly.
“Yes, I was looking for an acquaintance of mine.  I have never been here.  Which way to the elevator?”  It pained him to do so, but he must appeal to this woman’s sense of self-importance to achieve his goal.  He knew exactly where the elevator was located.
Her reply was a smile, again not friendly, but it pleased her to see this finely dressed athletic man asking her where the elevator was when it was right behind him.  She simply raised a hand covered in faded tattoos and pointed.  “There.”
He turned and looked where she was pointing.  “Sure thing.”  He looked back at her briefly, taking note of the several holes in various places in her face where rings and studs used to be.  He cringed inwardly, but placed a nice smile on his face and thanked her as he walked toward the elevator door.
“There are actually three.”  She called out in a grating, nasally voice.  “One on each end of the building as well.”  Now that was useful information, he thought to himself.  He thanked her yet, again, this time without turning, and pressed the up button.  The elevator chimed almost instantly and the doors slid open.  He stepped on, waited for the doors to shut and pressed the ‘3’.
Ms. Lula, returned to her current issue of Ink and Studs and said with contempt. “Stupid Copper.”
Fetterman found unit 312 easy enough.  He knocked on the door.  No answer.  He didn’t expect any.  He thrust his hand in his suit jacket pocket and tried the knob, using the inside of his jacket.  It was locked.  This he did expect.  He turned around and casually pulled his phone from his pocket and went down the hall a short distance and leaning up against the wall, made a call.
“Chet, it’s Mark.”  He continued without pause.  “I need a cab to be waiting in ten minutes on West Twenty-Third street, somewhere between ninth and tenth avenue.  Look for a business or restaurant and text me the name.”  Mark looked up and down the hallway as he fingered his lock pick set inside his jacket, pulling out what he needed using only his index finger and his thumb.
“You got it!”  Chet replied.
Mark hung up and sliding his phone away into his breast pocket of the jacket he simultaneously slid the pick and lever he guessed he needed out and walked toward the door of 312.  With the nonchalance of a resident he walked up to the door and plunged his pick into the knob immediately going to work.  The deadbolt was going to be a different story, but he was betting on that not being locked.  It took him about thirty seconds and he felt the last pin release and the cylinder turned.  He looked in both directions down the hallway, saw no one and quickly went in, shutting the door behind him with his elbow.
As the door clicked shut the smell hit him like a blow!  He couldn’t believe none of the adjoining neighbors had called it in.  It was the smell of burnt hair, flesh, and death.  He knew suddenly what he was going to find.  He walked quickly past the entryway and made his way toward the kitchenette.  As he went forward a figure came into view that halted him in his tracks.  There was a man, with his back towards him, taped to a chair with his neck bent backward at an unnatural angle, revealing the top of his head.  Blood was visible just on the forehead.  His heart began to pound.  He fought the impulse to rush forward and instead looked around to make sure he was alone.  He had a prickling at the back of his neck that he had felt more than once; this could be a trap.  He looked for wires or any sort of infrared transmitters along the floor and in the corners of the room.  It wasn’t an unfruitful effort.  His eye caught a tiny wire stretching across the cased opening between the small living room and the kitchenette.  He froze, only his eyes tracing the nearly invisible line to a very small grey box stuck to the wall.  He said a silent prayer of thanks for his military training in Special Ops and ensuring it was the only one; he then carefully stepped over it and into the kitchen.  Once on the stained linoleum, where a giant pool of a rotten mixture of fluids, now dried, reaching out from beneath the chair, he again examined every corner and place of hiding for the same thing.  Once he was confident there were none, and only then did he make his way around the small table to face the chair, being careful to avoid the patch of bodily fluids.  What greeted him was as nearly as bad as what he had seen in active duty.  The stench was overpowering!
It was Lazzaro Belluchi.  His mouth was heavily gagged and he was minus eyebrows and eyelashes and the front of his hair which had all been burnt completely off with what may have been a small blow torch, leaving only charred skin, black and peeling like an overcooked hot dog on a campfire.  Mark closed his eyes for a second, took a deep breath and opened them again.  He pulled out his iPhone and began to take pictures.  First of the face and then the throat that had been cut wide open, next the right hand missing three fingernails.  He quickly put the phone away and carefully made his way into the bedroom.  Here it was very tidy and neat, unlike the evidence of struggle in the living room.  He examined the room, without ever really entering it.  Then he went into the bathroom and did the same.  Mark checked his watch.  He was running out of time.  He went to the coat closet.
Someone had wanted something from Belluchi.  Information, but what information?  Was Belluchi a part of an international black market?  Was this a double cross gone wrong?  Or maybe Belluchi was an innocent party and simply fell into bad company.  Either way he was dead, but not without an extraction process that left him mutilated.  Ironically, he had been gagged.  How was he able to even speak or relay the information?, Mark wondered.  It was then that it struck him that Lazzaro’s left hand was loose while his right had been taped down to the arm of the chair.  He carefully and quickly made his way back into the kitchen.  His suspicions were confirmed.  Lazzaro’s chair was up against the metal table on the left side, where something probably rested for him to write on.  Then he saw it.  It was a small notepad with a magnetic back that lay in the corner a small streak tracing back to the dried pool beneath Belluchi’s body; it was stained with the same substance.  Mark carefully bent down and retrieved it.  He grimaced at the stains as he quickly flipped through it looking for any notes or writing indentions.  He found none, but in the middle several pages had been torn out.  The killer had done his homework.  
Mark let the pages fall together and it was then that he noticed a scrawling on the edge of the pages where they came together.  He turned it toward him.  It looked like absent scratching along the edge.  Yet, Mark was not willing to let it go at that.  He turned the edges this way and that trying to decipher something there.  Then it struck him.  The torn out pages!  He carefully gauged the gap of missing pages at the top where it was bound and then duplicated that gap as closely as possible at the bottom.  He then turned that scribbled edge toward him.  It nearly leapt out at him!  Not without its childlike scribble, no doubt written while being tortured and while his killer wasn’t looking was a definite ‘c’ and ‘o’.  The other two marks were difficult to make out, until he realized that the torn out pages had taken part with them.  They had to be an ‘a’ and ‘t’.  Coat!
Mark tossed the notepad back on the metal table where it snapped down, its magnet halting its slide and went rapidly back to the coat closet, making sure to step over the tripwire carefully.  There he quickly went through the pockets of the three coats inside, but found nothing.  In spite of telling himself earlier that he wasn’t going into any more rooms than necessary, he now went to the bedroom and pulled open the closet door.  He examined the contents.  There were no more coats in here except sport jackets.  He went through the pockets of each one of them.  Nothing.  He was about to give up – his mental alarm clock was calling for him to get out.  He decided to check along the seams.  Jackpot!  There was a small wafer object lodged toward the bottom of the seam of the second jacket.  He flipped the edge toward him and examined the stitching.  It had been taken out and hand sewn back.  Mark jerked the two pieces of fabric apart and heard the thread snap.  Something fell on the floor.  He bent to pick it up.  It was a black SD card.
Nearly frantic now with some sixth sense screaming that his time was up; he pocketed the card in his slacks and shut the closet door.  He wiped the small knob off with his coat.  He had wanted to look at the small grey device with the trip wire, but shelved the idea.  He didn’t have the time.  He wiped down the knob to the bedroom and then reached for the outside door with his pocketed hand.  He took a deep breath, turned it and pulled, fully expecting there to be a cop or security guard on the other side.  What greeted him was the opposite side of the hall way with its old, faded floral-patterned wallpaper.  It was the most beautiful sight he had seen in a while.  He shut the door and turned down toward the end of the hallway opposite the way he had come.  The gal below had told him there were three elevators; it was time to find a new one.  He walked swiftly toward the window at the end of the hallway.  His heart nearly stopped as he heard the elevator ding behind him.  He saw the other elevator just ahead and rushed forward, reaching for the button.  He heard the doors open far down the hall the way he had come.  He pressed the button and looked to see if there were any lighted floor numbers.  There weren’t.  He heard the motor activate somewhere above him even as he heard someone shout.
“Security!  Stop!”  Feet began to pound down the carpeted hallway.
Fetterman never even turned around.  “Come on baby!”  His heart was pounding now in his temples.  He heard the carriage slide past and then stop at this feet.  The doors slid open.  He leapt inside and pressed ‘1’ and then held his finger on the ‘Door Close’.  He could hear the guard nearing.
“Stop!  Security!”  The guard balled loudly again.
The doors began to slide shut and as they came together a somewhat relieved Fetterman said, “You going to have to do better than that pal.”
The security office cursed and jabbed the button for the elevator – he was a split second too slow – he heard the carriage descending.
He pressed the button on this mic pinned to his shoulder “Griffin.”  He said in a breathless voice.  “He got in the west side elevator.  I couldn’t catch him.  He is going down.”  The guard slammed his fist into the wall and cursed again.

[↕]

As he began to descend Mark Fetterman could hear the radio crackle just above him through the doors.  They’re going to have someone waiting!, He thought.  He stabbed the ‘2’ on the elevator panel with only an instant to spare before the control system had cued to pass up level two, go to one and then return to two again.  The doors almost instantly opened.  He stepped out of the elevator quickly and turned left toward where he had seen the sign for the stairwell on level three.  Just as he approached door frame he heard the loud slamming of the steel door above him and an immediate pounding of feet on the concrete stairwell as they echoed and reverberated down.  He stepped back in time to avoid being seen through the narrow window set in the door.  Mark held his breath and waited.  The feet pounded past him and began to echo down below.
He let out a deep breath of relief and stepping forward reached for the door handle.  Quietly, but without wasting a second he entered the stairwell, holding the door until it softly closed behind him and took the stairs up two at a time without making a sound.  He reached the third floor again and went into the hallway.  There was something he had to know.  He stood there for a moment listening and then began his quick, but thorough search between this point and unit 312.  He didn’t find what he was looking for which both surprised him and opened a fresh mystery that sent a chill down his neck.  There were absolutely no security cameras in the hallway.  He had checked quickly for all of the hidden camera tricks close to the door of 312, but came up again with nothing.
He had no time to ponder this problem.  They would be looking for him even more desperately now.  He had to get out of this building!  Running as quickly and quietly as he could to the opposite end of the building and he plunged into the alcove by the elevator door, his chest quietly drawing in his breath in small, short bursts.  As he stood against the wall he heard an elevator chime again from the way he had come.  He quickly reached his hand over and pressed the down arrow.  The elevator beside him instantly chimed; it had already been on the third floor.  At the same time a radio crackled down the hall, he was relatively certain it had covered the sound.

[↕]

Terrace Security had received an anonymous tip that there was, “at this very moment”, a burglar in unit 312, within a few minutes of Mark Fetterman actually entering the apartment.  They had discussed whether to call the police, dismiss the tip, or to actually check it out.  All three security personnel had gathered in the small office, as they reviewed the last fifteen minutes of surveillance video on high speed, taking just over a full minute.  There had only been one stranger entering the building in that time and he approached the office and appeared to confer with Lula and then got on the elevator.  They opted to check it out; though it seemed unlikely.  As head of security it fell to Marcel.  He had taken the elevator and saw Fetterman exit the apartment 312 just after he got off.  He had keyed his mic to tell the other two that he had found the burglar when the man took off running.  Instead what they heard was an urgent order to ‘Stop!’  They both sprang out of their chairs and jumped out of the door to the tiny office, unsure of which way to go.  They decided to wait on instructions.  Instructions came quickly enough.  West side elevator.  They ran the short distance down the hallway and waited on either side of the elevator door.  There was the chime that just about shattered their nerves and then the doors opened.  They waited an instant, ready to pounce, but nothing happened.  The doors stayed fully open and all was quiet and empty inside.  They exchanged blank stares.
It was then that they heard the pounding on the stairs.  Thinking it was the perpetrator and determined not to let him escape them twice.  They once again took up places opposite each other, this time a few feet down the hall, on either side of the door labeled ‘Stairs’.  Their hearts pounded in time with the nearing footsteps in the stairwell.  The seconds ticked by.  Suddenly, the door flew open and they sprang both colliding with the fleeing burglar at the same time.  A wild struggle erupted on the dirty, worn carpet in the hallway of the ground floor.  One man was sure he had been attacked by two criminal cohorts and two men were sure they had taken a single perpetrator to the ground.  None of them were immediately aware of the fact that all three wrestlers wore identical navy blue uniforms.  This ignorance lasted about three seconds when Marcel called the others names and ordered them to get off him.  The wild yells ceased.  All three sat up on the floor and looked one another over in bewilderment.  It was this moment that, upon having heard the raucous commotion that Lula – not having been made aware of an emergency or burglar, had plunged her head into the hallway with a look of alarm pasted on her face.  A second of observation caused this to give way to a look of utter annoyance.  She shook her head at the three figures now picking themselves off of the floor and then withdrew her head, slamming the door.  She picked her magazine back up and repeated her earlier line in the plural.  “Stupid coppers.”
“You’re both a couple of idiots!”  Marcel was steaming mad.  He elicited a couple of weak apologies.  “He wasn’t on the elevator?”  As if in response to his question the empty elevator’s doors rattled closed.  He watched them and then turned back to the other two.  He pointed to one.  “You stay here.  Don’t go anywhere.  Watch the elevator and the stairs.”  He pointed to the younger of the two.  “You go call the cops and tell them we have burglar on the loose here and then go wait over there on that end.”  He pointed to the east side elevator and stairwell some three hundred feet distant.  “Stay there until I tell you otherwise.  I am going back up and look around.  Somehow we missed him, but he is still around.  I intend on catching him.”  He turned and started back toward the lobby.

[↕]

“911 dispatch, what’s your emergency?”  The woman’s voice was clear and calm on the other line, but did little to relax Jayrod.
“Yes’m, this is Terrace Security at the London Terrace Apartaments on twunty thud street.  We got us a loose bugaler up in here.”
“Did you say a burglar?”  
“Yes’m.”  Dispatch relayed the information on the radio.
“What’s the address?”
“Uh, it’s around ninef abanue.”
“Never mind, I got you now.”
“What is the description of the burglar?”
“Well…I didn’t axchuly see him, but my boss did.”
“Is your boss there?”
“No ma’am, he be trying to catch the dude right now.”  He could hear radio chatter in the background telling dispatch that no officers were available.
“Ok.  We don’t recommend that.  Do not give chase.  Just get a good description and we will send an officer out when one gets free.  There are none available at this time.”
“Uh…”  He was growing desperate now, sensing they were not taking this serious.  His experience in the hood guided his next statement.  “I forgot one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“He got a gun.”  He hated to lie, but knew that it was the only thing that would get their attention.
“Excuse me.  Did you say he has a gun?”  The lecturing tone in the dispatcher’s voice was gone.
“Yes’m, my boss saw it when he was chasing the dude.”
“Hold on.”  The dispatcher’s voice was slightly quieter as she relayed the information.  “Be advised, burglar is armed with a gun and attempting to flee.”  She returned to the phone.  “Please stay on the phone until an officer arrives.”  That transmission educed simultaneous reactions in different locations.   Red and blue lights were turned on and the knobs were turned over to siren as vehicle engines growled.  The NYPD were in high gear now.
“Uh…I can’t…”  Now he didn’t know what to do.
“You must.  Why can’t you?”  She replied firmly.
“My boss told me to go to the end of the hall and wait for the dude to come down.”
“Just stay on the line…he may shoot you.”
He was caught in his own lie and opted to stay on the line.

[↕]

Mark slid into the elevator without exposing his profile beyond the corner of the alcove.  He pressed ‘1’ and said a quick prayer of thanks that the doors would quietly slide closed.  He pulled out his phone to see if Chet had texted him about the cab yet.  Now he really needed it!  There it was.  Cab will be in front of La Traviata restaurant.  He flicked the phone off and tried to remember if he had seen a sign for the restaurant.  Not from his approach coming from the east.  It was probably further down the street.  The elevator slowed, Mark took a deep breath as it stopped.  He tensed his muscles as the doors opened, ready for anything.  Again, to his immense relief the hallway was empty.  He started to exit and then, stepped back and did what he used to do when he was a kid on vacation with his family, to the chagrin of other tourists, he pressed every button on the elevator and then stepped out.
Carefully, he slid along the wall and peeked out from behind the corner.  Immediately, he saw movement on the opposite end of the long corridor.  It was a security guard.  He was watching the doors of the elevator and the stairwell on the far end of the building intently.  Mark pulled his head back and leaned it against the wall.  He had to get out of this building!  All of this angered him.  If he had been back in Iraq it would be a much simpler solution; lean around the corner and press the trigger.  Problem solved.  He had to keep reminding himself that he wasn’t in a war zone anymore; not officially anyway.  He stopped the impulse to reach and pull out his automatic.  Unwittingly, the young guard was correct.  He did have a gun.
The solution to the whole problem came in the form of a startling surprise.  Without warning the apartment door opposite of him was jerked open and a younger woman started to step out into the hallway, but stopped upon seeing him leaning up against the wall.  He could see the fear spring up on her face, uncertain of whether to go back inside or shut the door.  Mark seized the moment.
“Sorry to startle you ma’am.”  Mark closed his eyes and pointed to his heart.  “My heart is pounding hard.  I just got off of the elevator.”
The fear on the woman’s face gave way to mild suspicion as she slowly pulled the door closed behind her.  She didn’t reply, but Mark was sure her makeup cracked as she furrowed her brow in consternation.
“I’ll probably be alright.  Sorry to bother you.”  Mark took a chance and stepped out into the hallway, heading toward the lobby.  As he did so, he stumbled slightly and put a hand against the wall to steady himself.  The woman gasped.  Mark stood there for a second and let a slight moan escape his mouth before he started walking again.  The woman’s suspicions melted and she quickly stepped toward this man in the suit.
“Sir, are you okay?”  She stood beside him in her cheap ‘out on the town’, club hopping clothes.
Mark nodded and kept taking small steps toward his goal – the apartment lobby.  If he could just keep her beside him, with his head down, and her speaking close to his ear, should the guard at the other end look up, it would appear he was a resident going out with his wife or girlfriend.
“Do you need help?”  The question was sincere.
“I’ll be okay.”  Mark swiveled his head to the side and gave her what he hoped was a pained smile.  “If you don’t mind walking with me to the lobby – just in case I fall down.”
She smiled back, still a little uncertain.  “Sure.”  She was not sure about what would happen after that.  Fetterman put her concerns to rest.
“I have a cab waiting for me.  Gonna meet a buddy of mine.”
“You might should go see a doctor.”  She advised, still keeping step with him.
“Ahhh!  Have you tried to get into a doctor lately?”  Mark lengthened his stride ever so slightly.  “I would be dead six months before my appointment came up.”  Halfway to the lobby now, He thought.  “No way am I going to the ER either.”
“I know what you mean.”  She confided.  “You are looking a little better now.”
“I feel better.”  He quickened his pace a little.  “It must be your kindness.”  He smiled at her again.
“Well, I must admit you scared me at first.  You were a strange sight for me to see coming out my door.”
“That’s what all women tell me.”  Twenty more feet to the corner, he told himself.
She laughed.  Though she had a pleasant voice, the sound was like fingernails on a chalk board.  He could almost feel the guards eyes turn toward them.  He kept walking.  At this point he could make a run for it if he had to.  The moment passed and no alarm was raised.  He allowed himself a chuckle.
“Now, that I don’t believe.”  She raised an eyebrow and gave him a disapproving look.
“Well….I imagine I fibbed just a bit.”  They rounded the corner into the lobby.  He was nearly home free.
“A bit?”  She halted her steps and inwardly Mark cursed.  She looked him up and down.  “I would say you fibbed a lot.”  She arced her other eyebrow at him.
She must practice that a lot. He thought.  Mark smiled with feigned demure.  “You are kind as well as pretty.”  He played along.
She laughed again and he risked a step toward the door.  She kept pace once again.
“I’ve heard that before.”  She tossed her hair back.  “What are you doing tonight?”  Casting caution to the wind.  “I am going to a party tonight at a friend’s house on the beach.  It’ll be a lot of fun.  She told me to bring someone new along.”  An arched eyebrow again.  “Wanna come?”
They pushed through the doors and out into the heat.  Mark stuck his hand out.  “You honestly, don’t know how much I would enjoy that, but I have to decline.  I am working late tonight.”  He was being honest.  If he could go somewhere on the beach and forget about all this he would absolutely go.
“That’s too bad.”  She made a sad face and shook his hand.  “You look like you could use a break.”
“I could.”  He smiled.  “Thanks for your help.”  He released her hand and turned quickly and walked away.  She hadn’t been paying much attention, but he had heard the distant sirens and he was sure they were headed this way.
“Humph.”  She said to herself as he walked away.  He was a nice looking guy.  A gentleman too.  She would just have to ask one of her old boyfriends to come along.  She started toward her car and only then did she hear the sirens, but paid them no mind.

[↕]

Lula pulled her head back from the window and shook it in disbelief.  “That woman!”  She said to no one in particular.  “If he would have told me that he was looking for her, I would have told him to not waste his time.”  Despite her outward demeanor, deep inside she wished it was as easy for her to pick up a guy, but she would never admit that – even on her death bed.

[↕]

Mark kept up a steady pace, but dared not run.  Several people on the streets turned to look for the police cars, but most ignored them.  He stepped onto the sidewalk, just another New York pedestrian – invisible in plain sight.  He saw a cab far ahead parked at the curb and started toward it just as three police cars careened into the parking lot and halted in a semicircle in front of the main door, trapping the woman in her parking spot.

[↕]

“The police are there now.  Can you go meet them and talk with them?”  The 911 dispatcher asked.
“Uh…sure…I dunno…okay.  They make me nervous.”  Jayrod looked a little frightened.
“It’s alright.  Go talk to them.  I am going to hang up now and tell them you are coming to speak with them.”
“Okay.”  He hung up the phone and walked into the hallway.  “Da poleece are here.”  He said in his mic.  
“Roger.”  Marcel replied.  “I’ll be right down.  Go and talk to them.”
“Okay.”
“There is no sign of him anywhere up here.”  Marcel added as he got on the east side elevator.  The doors closed and he looked at the panel and cursed under his breath.  Every floor was lit up but one, two, and three.
Jayrod walked slowly out of the front door toward the police who waited behind their cars.  The police saw the uniform and an officer met him.
“Have you found the suspect?”
“No suh.”
“Where is the building manager?”
“She’s in her office.”
“Take me to her.”
“Yes suh.”  Jayrod turned and walked back inside with two officers in tow.

[↕]

“I have no idea what you boys are talking about!”  Lula was exercising her manager persona to its fullest.  She hated cops!
“We received a call…”  The officer repeated.
She cut him off.  “You told me that, I am telling you I have no idea what you are talking about!”
Marcel walked up, after having finally taken the stairs from the fourth floor.  “Lula, I put the call in there was no time to explain.”
“You did?”  She turned her fury on Marcel.  “Oh, I see.  That’s what all the commotion was in the hallway earlier!  You boys were fighting over who got to call the cops.  Sheesh!  Give me a break.”  She threw her tattooed hands up into the air.
“No.  There was no arguing.”  Marcel couldn’t stand this woman.  “Now do you give these guys the key to 312 or do I call Mr. Samson.”  Mr. Samson was the general manager and he and Marcel got along much better than either of them did with Lula.
“Fine!  You boys go and treasure hunt.”  She turned and opened drawer full of trays and withdrew the key to apartment 312.  She dangled it out to Marcel.  “Have fun.”  She slammed the sliding window closed and walked back toward the break room.
“You boys ready?”  Marcel asked with a weak smile.
“One second.”  The officer in charge gave orders for the building to be surrounded and asked for two more officers to accompany them.  Ten seconds later they were ready.  “Lead the way.”
The men crammed on the elevator and began their ascent.
Lula emerged from the door of the break room and snuck down the hall to the west side elevator and followed them.  She was curious now, but she wasn’t going to get on the elevator with a bunch of cops.

[↕]

“Once I knock, open it and step back.”  The officer ordered as they drew their weapons and formed up in a tactical line.  A sharp rapping followed.  “Open up NYPD!”  No answer.  “Open it!” Came the order.
Marcel flung the door open and stepped back, but not quick enough to keep a strange odor from reaching his nostrils.  The cops burst into the room, announcing their presence loudly and taking up different positions.  They piled into the living room, Marcel close on their heels – this was as close to being a real cop as he had ever gotten!  One of the officers started to gag and they all coughed.  The smell was overpowering.
“In the kitchen!”  One of them shouted and started forward.  The officer in charge reached to stop the young patrolman, but missed.  It was now a homicide crime scene from the angle of the neck on that body.
Lazzaro Belluchi’s corpse sat on two pounds of C-4 with a small wireless detonator attached.  The sending unit was eight feet away stuck to the baseboard with a single clear filament now stretching in a sharp arc across the patrolman’s boot where he had unknowingly tripped the wire and back to the other side.  A tiny signal emitted and split second later the kitchen with all of its contents disappeared in a white ball of fire and light.  The explosion was deafening.  The entire apartment was filled with smoke, dust, blood and screams.

[↕]

Fetterman was just climbing into the back seat of the waiting cab when a familiar ‘boom’ reached his ears.  He froze.  The wire!  The cabby wrenched his neck around and stared at him.
“What was that?”  His eyes were wide.
“I hate to think.”  Mark said mechanically with a hollow feeling in his gut and shut the door.  “Take me downtown please.”



Chapter 10 – 2:01 PM EST


Tim paced up and down in his office.  Something was wrong, beyond what had went wrong that day.  This feeling was more than that.  Something was very wrong.  He stopped again in front of his window and looked out, his eyes traveling the full range of view.  Again he found himself fixed on the Statue of Liberty.  Liberty…He thought.  Was his subconscious trying to tell him something?  He wasn’t politically active, but he was fully aware of the political climate and the direction of his country.  That wasn’t it entirely, but he had a feeling it was tied together somehow.  He had tried to take his inherited fortune and wisely invest it in what he felt was the inevitable event of his lifetime…America’s payday.  He understood life couldn’t go on ‘normal’ forever.  It never had for any country, people, or empire.  America was virtually stable in many ways, but he knew her stability was now founded on unstable factors.  It was like Congress was in Las Vegas at the high stakes table; taking large risks and still winning, but he game wasn’t over yet.
No.  Something else was wrong.  He had only felt this way a couple of times in his life.  Once, it had saved his life and the other time his best friend had died in a freak accident.  Yet, this felt bigger, beyond him personally.  He stared at the Liberty Island figure.  That was it!  Their very liberty was at stake.  He didn’t know how, but he knew it!  He reached in his pocket and fingered the thumb drive.  Then suddenly he put the pieces together.  His program!  Somehow the powers that be, had thrown him an opportunity to alter destiny.  He had to find a secure computer to use his encrypted thumb drive to access the real program in the off-site cloud, he didn’t trust DefSol’s anymore.  He had stored the pieces with various server corporations around the U.S.  They were incomplete encrypted files that would make no sense to anyone until combined and activated.  The flash drive in his pocket would do just that.  That is what he had planned on demonstrating at the appointment with the DOD.  He couldn’t keep the appointment now, but he had to check the program.
He looked at this iPhone and froze.  The screen had just turned off, but he hadn’t touched it in ten minutes.  He walked over and checked to see if there were any new texts, emails, or push notifications that would have activated the screen.  Nothing.  He stared at it.  Possible.  He thought, but then changed his mind.  No, definite!  His phone was compromised.  He was certain of it.
Gillette walked over to bookshelf and found a manual, Phone Hacking for Dummies.  He thumbed through the black market book to the iPhone section.  He wanted to know what functions could be compromised.  What he found sent a chill down his spine.  All functions could be compromised.  Camera, microphone, data, GPS….GPS!  Jacqueline!  She had an iPhone.  He had to get in touch with her, but now was uncertain how.
It was then that he remembered the wafer that Fetterman had glued to his back.  She had one as well.  He needed to place a call to Mr. Fetterman and then Jacqueline.  He grabbed his sport coat and headed for the door; he was going to leave the phone behind, but as he reached the door he changed his mind.  What if Jacqueline tried to reach him and couldn’t.  He couldn’t risk her safety for his own.  He reached out and pocketed the phone.

[↕]

Tim got off the elevator and walked briskly outside.  He needed a payphone in the worst way, but had no idea where to find something so antiquated – he couldn’t remember the last time he had seen one, more less used one.  Then he remembered the subway stations still had payphones.  He stopped, trying to think where the nearest station was located.  He headed for the Rector Street subway.

[↕]

Sadar sat in the Audi he had ‘borrowed’, rather permanently, from Lazzaro Belluchi; at this point completely unaware that his identity had been discovered or his booby trap had been sprung – taking the life of three men with it.  Time was running out and that was his only concern, as he watched a small blip on his screen moved slightly then listened as doors closed and recognized the sound of an elevator.  There was a long period of the elevator doors opening and closing then finally the blip came alive again and started moving.  He looked up from where he was parked; it was moving right toward him.  He couldn’t believe his luck!
Glancing back at the screen, the dot continued to move toward him.  He looked up, watching the main doors to the Dwight Building open as none other than Timothy Gillette step out at a brisk pace heading for the street corner.  Sadar toggle the device off and speed dialed his contact.
“I’ll have the device to you within the hour.”  He spoke low.  “He is on the street…”  He paused listened to the interruption in his Bluetooth earpiece.  “I don’t know and I don’t care.  Allah wills it and I don’t question.  It saves me a lot of work.”  He paused again.  “I will.”  He then terminated the call with a press of a button and slid out of his car, leaving the door open to slightly block his activity.  He reached his hand into his coat and slid his automatic out, executed a chamber check and slid it back inside its holster.  He glanced up.  The ‘Walk’ sign was illuminated and Gillette was starting across.
Sadar slowly closed the door and fingered the key fob, listening for the sound of the doors clicking secure.  He stepped around the front of the car and onto the sidewalk, starting toward the street corner.  Upon reaching the place where Gillette had stood, the light had changed so he waited behind several people, concealing himself from his prey as much as possible.  He watched Gillette briskly made his way down the street.  Suddenly, he realized where his target was going…the subway!
He pushed his way through the small crowd waiting to cross, ignoring several rude looks, as well ignoring the flashing signal to wait.  With only a cursory glance at traffic he bolted across the street.  Several cars and cabs stopped for him, but the driver in the lane furthest from him didn’t see him in the cross walk.  He brought his head up at the sound of brakes being applied hard.  The car was nearly on him.  He dove for the sidewalk, making it with only a fraction of a second to spare.  The driver flew the state bird and honked his horn.  Several people around him cursed, some looking concerned, others hurling comments such as, “What an idiot!”  He got to his feet and looked in the direction of the subway station.  Gillette was looking in his direction, his attention drawn by the commotion.  Sadar was reasonably certain he couldn’t be detected from where he stood, but put his head down quickly none the less.

[↕]

Gillette turned back around, unalarmed.  In large cities such incidents were inevitable.  He took the steps down quickly.  Once at the bottom he was unsure of where to look for a payphone.  He wandered around for a minute before stumbling on a bank of three phones recessed in a hallway.  Tim fished for his credit card, swiped it.  Try Again, blinked on the small screen.  He did, but got the same error message.  He moved over to the middle phone.  This time it accepted his card.  He slid it in his shirt pocket and pulled out his phone to look up Mark Fetterman’s number.  He dialed the number and waited.
“Hello.”  A weary sounding Fetterman answered.
“Mr. Fetterman, this it Tim Gillette…”  He was cut off.
“Mr. Gillette, you aren’t calling from your phone, where are you?”  Mark sounded concerned.
“I am in the subway using a payphone.  Listen, I think there is someone tampering with my phone.  It is showing all of the symptoms.”
“There is.  You don’t have it on you I hope.”  The concern was urgent.
“I do.  I needed it to look up your number.  I considered leaving it, but didn’t want to lose contact with you or Jacqueline.  I probably took a risk.”
“Bigger than you know Buddy.”
“What do you mean?”  Now Tim was concerned.
“You shouldn’t be out running around.  Where is Jacqueline?”
“I think she is at her mother’s place.  Why?”
“Are you ready for this?”
“For what?”
“I don’t have time to explain; you’ll have to trust me, but we discovered a lot since lunch.”
“Okay, go ahead.”
“First off, we checked, both of your phones are compromised, big time.  I am on my way there with a couple of burners from the store.  You’ll need to get rid of yours as quickly as you can.  Write down the three most important numbers that you don’t have memorized.”
“Okay.”  Tim pulled out a receipt from lunch and started writing on the back, cradling the phone while he scrolled through his contacts.
“Second, Lazzaro Belluchi is dead.”  Mark said quickly.
“What!?”  Tim nearly dropped his iPhone.  “Did it just happen?”
“No, it happened three or four days ago.”
Tim ceased all motion and didn’t speak for several seconds.  Fetterman continued.
“I know what you are thinking, but remember that glass water bottle?  I have a friend in NYPD that ran the fingerprints through Interpol’s system and our man is an international terrorist.  Tim,” Mark resorted to first name basis.  “You life is in grave danger.  I don’t know what you’ve been working on or what’s truly on that flash drive in your pocket, but someone in the world wants it badly.  This man has a Russian alias.”
Tim’s whole body seemed to vibrate.  He broke out in a cold sweat.  He never would have imagined it, but he knew it could only be true.
“What do you want me to do?”  Tim replaced the receipt in his pocket.
“Go back to…”  Mark’s words were lost to him as the subway train went by.
“I didn’t catch that.”  Mark pressed the phone closer to his ear and plugged the other with his finger, turning away from the open end of the hallway.
“Your office.  Go.”  The phone clicked dead.
Tim stared at the phone for a second.  Then replaced it.  He pulled the paper back out of his pocket and stared at the number on top…Jacqueline’s.  He needed to let her know, but Mr. Fetterman had told him to go back to his office.  It would only take a second.  He fished the card back out and swiped.

[↕]

Sadar, stood at the bottom of the steps and looked around slowly.  There were a handful of people waiting for the subway.  As if on cue, he felt it coming before he heard it.  Where was his target?  He couldn’t have just disappeared.  He walked around slowly trying not to draw attention to himself.  Finally, as the subway train came around the bend and drew everyone’s attention, he surreptitiously took out his miniature tablet and tapped his special program.  The digital feed was weak due to the twenty feet of steel, concrete, and blacktop overhead, but as the train was just coming up a red blip appeared.  It showed that Timothy Gillette was only the other side of a wall!  He saw no door.  He looked around again.  As the doors to the train opened, he saw it.  It was a hallway around the end of the wall next to the subway tracks.  He toggled off the tablet stowed it and quickly made his way toward it.  If he hurried things would work out perfect; better, actually than he had planned.  He picked up the pace.

[↕]

“Oh, Tim, this is very frightening.  What should I do?”  He had quickly told Jacqueline about their phones, leaving out the part about Lazzaro.
“Does your mom have a phone?”
“Yes.”
“Put yours in a sink full of water, and then call my receptionist with the new number.”
“Okay.  What about you?”
“I will…”  Tim never finished the sentence.  Something had struck him in the back of the head and as he fell to the floor he tried to look behind him.  Everything went black as he crumpled in a heap, the blood running over his head and onto the dirty concrete.
“Tim?”  The receiver spoke into space as it swung on its cord.  It had banged up against the payphone. “Tim!  Are you there?”
A dark hand reached out and picked up the receiver.  “Goodbye Jacqueline.” The voice spoke in Arabic and then the line went dead.

[↕]

Mark’s phone rang again, he answered it.
“Boss, something’s up and it isn’t good.”  Chet’s voice was filled with alarm.
“What now?”  Mark braced himself.
“Gillette’s vitals just went all to pieces, setting off several alarms on my screen.”
Mark sat straight up and closed his eyes.  “Give it to me straight.”  He took a deep, slow breath and tried to stem the spike in blood pressure that he felt coming on.
“He isn’t dead, but something happened.  I had noticed a couple of minutes before that his pulse had shot up and vitals started jumping around.”  Probably when I was talking with him.  Mark thought.  “His blood pressure and heart rate just tanked and almost no respirations registering.”
“Great!”  Mark gritted his teeth.  “So, he is alive?”
“It would appear so.”  Chet still sounded very worried.
“Chet, listen, he is probably been knocked unconscious.”  Mark watched the traffic come to a grinding halt as the cab driver laid on the horn.  Several tourists were holding up traffic as they stood in the street ahead, taking pictures of the Freedom Tower.
“Oh man, not good!”  Chet spoke the obvious.
“Can you see where he is?”  Mark craned his neck trying to see what traffic looked like down the street –he was running short on the luxury of time now.
“Yes, it looks like he is down the road from the Dwight Building on the side walk.”
“That would be under the sidewalk.”
“The subway?”
He made up his him instantly.  “Exactly.”  Mark pulled out several bills from his pocket and tossed them over the front seat.  As the driver turned away from the gridlock to look at them, Mark exited the cab.  “Chet, we got to work fast.  Pull up the subway schedule and tell me what stops are on that line.”  He stepped onto the sidewalk.  “Also, the schedule of each stop.”
“Roger.”  Chet clicked and typed away.
“One more thing Chet.”
“Shoot.”
“Do you have me patched in?”
“Affirmative.”
“Once you work out the schedules give me the closest stop to my location.”
“Will do.”  Chet went to work, while Mark remained on the line, listening to the activity in his Bluetooth earpiece.  The hard, wafer-like patches that Gillette, Jacqueline, and he wore were military grade; something he had used in his night missions with special ops.  Their use was still limited to the Special Forces and CIA, but he had managed to secure several dozen through a ‘connection’.  They were linked directly to the more powerful military web of satellites, domestic cellular towers, and also used unsecured wireless signals to maintain their telemetry and location with pinpoint accuracy.

[↕]

Tim was well conditioned physically and that is probably what made the difference.  He had blacked out only briefly.  Someone had struck him from behind as he was on the phone with Jacqueline, he remembered that.  Now the perpetrator was dragging him back the way he had come.  He remained limp, but blinked his eyes several times clear his vision.  The pay phones receded away from him.  It had to be the international terrorist.  Anyone else would have went through his pockets and left him for dead.  Then he realized something he was being drug toward the tracks.  He had remembered turning away from them because of the noise.  The subway!  He might be able to thwart this guy’s plans by yelling, bringing people’s attention to himself.  He tensed in anticipation of the thought.
“Ah.  You are coming around my friend.”  The voice spoke behind him.  He detected a Russian accent tinged with something else; it was no longer the voice of Lazzaro that the man had imitated with an uncanny ability.  The pressure around his armpit and neck tightened greatly, nearly cutting of his wind and brachial artery.  “Just stay nice and limp you’ll stay alive.  If not … I think you call it a choke out.”  His captor grunted at the thought.
Tim didn’t respond, but closed his eyes, remaining as limp as he could.  Let the guy think I am still out.  His bearings and strength were coming back with each passing second.
Suddenly, the terrorist, cursed and started pulling him along nearly at a run.  Tim could hear the buzzer sound to clear the doors for the subway.  The subway car!  If he could only break loose.  There was a pause in their movement and then he was nearly pulled over backward as his captor grunted under strain.  He was taking him down onto the tracks.
This was the chance Tim was waiting for!  Just as he started going over the edge he kicked off the concrete floor throwing his leg high into the air and up over his head in a back flip.  The momentum, strain, and height difference all worked in his favor.  The terrorist loosened his grip just enough for Tim to break free of his hold as the man toppled over backward.  Hands grabbed for him as he completed his arc in a fair landing on his feet.  Pain shot through his ankle as it struck the track rail, but he ignored it as he heard the electric engine on the subway car energize.  He was only twenty feet away.  He ran for all he was worth, his Allen-Edmond shoes crunching on the gravel and timbers alternately.
Sadar had barely kept his fall from being one with severe consequences.  His head had struck the closest rail, causing it to buzz and lighting stars in his peripheral vision.  He lay there only a second and sprang up, spinning on the balls of his feet as he drew his weapon, kneeling in the gravel.  He was too far away to catch the already moving cars.
“Stop!”  He shouted.  His target never even hesitated.  Then he knew that Gillette was going to make it to the car!  He squeezed off a round just as Tim leapt for the ladder on the back of the car, the round punched through the air that Timothy had just occupied and sent sparks down the tunnel as it bounced along the concrete wall.
A shout and then the cough of the silenced pistol rang out above the ambient noise of the subway.  Tim never slowed or looked back.  He heard the furious whine of the round as it struck the wall just behind him.  He clambered up the ladder as quickly as he could.  The car was picking up speed.  The next round took off the heel of his shoe and shattered the rear glass of the car, penetrating into one of the overhead lights.  He heard someone scream inside as he clambered over and onto the top of the car.  He lay there; face down, gasping for air, his wound now pumping blood all over his head.  Tim waited a second more, trying to recover from his injury and exertion before reaching up and delicately fingered the wound.  It was small, but bleeding copiously.  He carefully rolled onto his back and withdrew his handkerchief laying on the wound and pressing his head against the top of the car.  The lights were gone now and the rocking of the car started to lull Tim into unconsciousness again.  He forced his eyes open, taking regular breaths, letting the echoing sound of the subway stimulate him to remain alert.

[↕]

“I got it!”  Chet finally shot back.  “If it’s northbound from Rector Stop it stops at Chambers at 2:18.”
Mark checked his watch.  Four and a half minutes.  “Where’s the stop?  Chambers and what?”  Mark was looking around at the street sign trying to figure out where he was in his head.
“I’ll lead you.  Just turn north and I will let you know when you come to a turn.”
“Alright, eye in the sky.”  Mark turned around and took off running, people turned to look, but he ignored them.
“Boss!”  Chet suddenly sounded excited.  “I just got some pretty wild feedback from Gillette.  Heart rate and respiration just went through the roof…” a pause and a chuckle.  “Currently he is going twenty-six miles per hour!  Looks like he is on Secretariat!”
Mark silently said a prayer.  He hoped that meant he was safely on the subway car, he preferred he was absent the terrorist.  He notched the pace up a bit.  He was glad now that he had kept up a routine similar to his PT during active duty.  He was coming to an intersection.  “Which way?”  He said between breaths.
“Sorry…”  Chet was trying to keep up with all of the rapid changes on his screen.  “Right!”
“Got it!”  Mark glanced over his should to see what traffic looked like on West Street and then seeing an opening, jay walked, or rather jay ran, across then onto Murray.  “How far is it Chet?”  The sweat was starting pour down his back and chest.  Moisture was already darkening his hair.  It was hot today!
“You’ll make it.  I think the distance is around one thousand meters. Just over half a mile.”  Chet moved the mouse over the screen.  “Wow, boss you must be in good shape – your heart rate is hardly elevated.”  He chuckled, slightly shaking his pizza induced gut.
“Chet.”  Mark breathed out. 
“Sir?”  Chet sensed the tone was not sharing his ideal humor.
“Stay focused man.  This whole thing is life and death.”  There was a space of silence into which Fetterman inserted a fatherly admonition.  “We just found ourselves in the big leagues, Chet.  It’s time to grow up and show them what we can do.”
“Roger.”  More silence.  The remark stung a little.  Chet was always use to defusing tension with humor and looked up to his boss as a mentor, like the big brother he never had.  In spite of it all, he recovered quickly decided Fetterman was right.
“Listen Chet, I didn’t have a chance to tell you earlier, but…” a pause, “this guy we are dealing with is an international arms dealer.  I found the real Belluchi.  He’s dead.”  Stunned silence.  “This is for keeps, man, and I am glad you are on my team!” Mark recovered several breaths.  “I think we are fighting for our country this time instead of some petty burglar.”
This elicited a response.  “Serious?”
“As a heart attack.”  Mark felt relieved that he hadn’t alienated Chet with his earlier comment.  “You got by on this one?”
“Absolutely!”  Chet suddenly sat up a little straighter in his swivel chair, adjusting his screen to accommodate his new height. “Boss?”
“Yeah?”
“Turn left at the next street; West Broadway.”

[↕]

Tim watched the tunnel ceiling, slightly visible by the escaping light of the cars, just above his head as the car hurtled through the dark.  He wasn’t sure if the bleeding had stopped, but he knew one thing.  He had a massive headache!  He lay a few more seconds, his head pounding in time with the rattle of the tracks.  He had to move.  He had considered his options.  He couldn’t really hazard the car tops, if lost his balance or struck the ceiling his situation would worsen permanently.  He very seldom rode the subway, preferring walking or driving himself, so he was completely unfamiliar with the routes.  He went over his problem again, this time taking it from the top, starting with the facts.  Fact one, he was bleeding like a stuck pig.  Two, he had a throbbing headache.  Wait, fact one; someone had just tried to kidnap him and then had shot at him.  Two, he was bleeding.  Three, shelve the headache, he was on top of a subway car in the dark.  Fact four, . . . forget it!  He couldn’t think.  He decided to play it by ear, relying on the self-preservation instinct of thousands of years in the human DNA.
He felt the car start to slow.  He lifted his head quickly.  The motion made him slightly woozy.  The car was definitely coming to a stop.  He scooted on his behind toward the edge where the ladder was attached, being careful not to sit up – there was virtually no space between him and the concrete arc overhead.  Tim found the top rung with his one remaining shoe heel and slid his other leg over the edge.  He held on waiting for the car to slow even more.  He quickly began to climb down, paused at the bottom.  He could see the ground as an indistinct blur from the weak fragmented light through the shattered window of the subway car.  He made a stab at calculation, turned around and then jumped.  He struck the ground a little too hard, but quickly recovered, his legs pumping like he was on a racing treadmill, trying to emulate the speed of the car.  He finally lost his balance, falling to his hands and knees in the middle of the tracks.  He stayed there for several seconds trying to keep his head from exploding.  Finally, he slowly stood, brushing the embedded gravel from his palms and then his pants.  He then felt his way to the edge of the tunnel and made his way slowly toward the light at the end of the tunnel.

[↕]

Mark wanted desperately to take his jacket off, but knew he couldn’t.  His automatic in his shoulder holster would induce a panic and stampede, followed by his arrest.  He instead settled for using the sleeve to mop the sweat from his forehead again.  Several people waiting for the subway or walking by took notice of his flushed appearance and their faces reflected their perplexity.  He ignored them and kept his eyes on the boarding area.  The passengers were getting off of the cars.  He noticed the ones in the rearmost car had almost frightened look on their face.  They got off looking around quickly before scurrying back up to the street level.  Mark wondered if it had anything to do with his client.  He observed patiently, but was unable to locate Gillette anywhere.
“Chet, can you still see Gillette?”
“He fades in and out, but it looks like he off to your right about one hundred feet or so.”  Chet replied slowly.
“Ok.  I am going to walk in that direction, you tell me if I am getting closer.”  Mark began to walk toward rear portion of the platform.
“You’re getting warm.”  Chet quipped, and then cleared his throat.  “Sorry Boss,” remembering his last lecture on ‘growing up’.  “You are closing the distance.”
Mark stopped at the edge of the platform and peered down the tunnel past the dimly lit area into the darkness, but couldn’t see anything.  “How far from here?”  He spoke into his earpiece.
“Looks like about sixty or seventy feet.”
Mark looked back to the station area and loading platform.  It was then that he noticed the shattered window in the rear car.  His eyes searched for and immediately found the bullet hole.  He had seen more bullet holes in glass than he cared to remember.  The sight of it reminded him of Iraq and the elevated level of this incident.  Waiting until the crowd of people began to move, he stepped off the platform and ran along the walkway beside the tracks, passing beyond the reach of light and then stopped just inside the ring of darkness.  He paused, waiting for his eyes to adjust.  Chet broke through his thoughts.
“You are right next to him.”
In that instant Mark seemed to feel someone standing beside him.
“Hello, Mr. Gillette, it’s good to know you are alright.”
“I’ve been better, but I’ve been worse.”
Mark chuckled and glanced back toward the station platform and the departing cars.  “Do you know anything about that back window?”
“Well, it was either it or me.”  Tim replied, not without humor, and then added.  “What’s the plan?”
“Plan?  I came to rescue you.”
“Hmmph.”  Was all the answer he got.
“Seriously, though, are you alright.”
“I’m fine, just got blood all over my head, but the headache is bearable.”  Then Tim answered the question before Mark could ask.  “He struck me on the head while I was at the payphone.  He decided to leave out the part about placing just one more call instead of doing what Fetterman had told him.
“Okay.  Good.”  Mark turned back to the darkness, but still couldn’t make out Gillette.  “Chet, I need you to find a service schematic of the subway and lead us to a door or exit.”
“I don’t know Boss, I can try, but that stuff is all locked up tight since 9/11.  There is probably nothing out there in the public domain.”
Mark quipped back.  “I don’t remember saying anything about the public domain.  I want to be on the street before the next car comes through here and we sure aren’t going back to the station.”
“Yes sir.  In that case give me a few minutes.”
“Just be a good boy and clean up your mess.”
“I got it.”
Mark looked toward where Gillette stood.  “Are you ready to start walking?”  He asked as he terminated his call to Chet.
“Sure.”
“Okay, I got one of my guys working on a way out; in the meantime we are going to put distance between us and that platform.  I saw several harried people getting off that last car.  Apparently, bullets and shattered glass isn’t their idea of fun.  I assume the NYPD have had numerous calls by now.  In a few minutes the stations will be guarded and a few minutes after that these tunnels will be crawling with cops.”
“Lead the way.”  Tim turned and followed the footsteps.
Once they made another fifty feet or so, when Mark felt it was safe he turned on the flashlight app on his phone.  They blinked several times.  “Give me your phone, Mr. Gillette.”
Tim fished out his phone and handed it to Fetterman.  Fetterman slid it into an inside pocket of his jacket and then fastened a Velcro strap over the top.  It was a version of the well-known OffPocket pouch, but he had this one installed right in his sport jackets.  He explained to Tim that it would completely isolated the phone from any data or cellular service, making it virtually non-existent electronically.  Nothing in, nothing out. 
A text came through from Chet.  There was a service door up ahead that ostensibly led to a service shed in an alleyway.  They began to look for it and finally saw it ahead across the tracks.
Swiftly they made their way across.  Mark tried the knob.  It was locked.  As Tim watched, wondering what they were going to do next, Fetterman pulled out a small flat pouch that held his lock pick set.  Tim watched in amazement, shining the light for Mark as he went to work.
“What else you got in that jacket?”  Tim commented.
“You’d be surprised.”  Mark lifted the last tumbler with the pick and the knob turned with a slight grind.  He put his foot in the door and replaced the pick set.  “Good thing they haven’t updated these doors down here in a while.”
“I agree.”  Tim handed the phone back as the door swung open.  It was then that they heard it.
A shout followed by the crackle of a radio.  The police had arrived and were searching.
They both looked at one another and hurried through, softly closing the door behind them.
“What now?”  Gillette asked.
“Not sure.”  Mark looked around and checked to ensure the door was locked again.  They were in a small room that was dimly lit and appeared to have no exit.  “Great!”  He shone the light around.  There was a work bench on one wall covered in various odds and ends, shelves which held what appeared to be several gallons of yellow and white paint, several dust covered fire extinguishers sat along the wall on the floor.  An old sink with a rust ring stood in one corner.  Mark went over and tried the tap.  A brownish colored water came out, but then ran clear after several seconds.
“Let’s wash the blood off of your face and neck.”  Mark motioned with the phone for Tim to come over.
“Not with that sewer water!”  Tim took a step closer, uncertain.
“Look it’s just rust, but the water is fresh now.  It is close to a main.  No worries.”  Mark looked around for a rag or cloth.  “Hurry up.”
Once they quickly removed the traces of Tim’s attack, other than the lump just beneath his hair, they ventured further into the long room.
 “There!”  Tim pointed at a small door in the corner.  It was a short door with boxes stacked in front of it.  They slid the boxes out of the way and cracked open the door, looking into a long darkened hallway that appeared to be only four and a half feet tall.
Right then Mark’s phone beeped.  It was a text from Chet.  Take that hallway it leads to a way out.  Mark stared at the words and was tempted to text back that it was only four feet tall, but refrained.  Instead he led the way by ducking down and into the inky blackness.  Tim was just behind him, again softly shutting the door.  They made their way down the long tunnel until they came to a door like the one they had used to enter, but this one had light showing around the edges.
Mark turned off the light on his phone and put it away.  They both squatted down on their heels listening for sound on the other side of the door.  They could hear machinery somewhere and the echoing of tools being dropped or something banging, voices also echoed back and forth.
“Mr. Gillette.”  Mark turned behind him in the darkness.  “Do you have a name tag or key card?”
“I have my key card for the office.”
“Good. Is it on a lanyard?”
“No, a retractable clip.”
“Okay.  Good.  Clip it on your lapel.  I’ll put mine around my neck.  If we are spotted or questioned, we are inspectors.”
Tim laughed.  “Serious?  You really think we can pull that off?”
“Never know until we try.”  Mark chuckled.  “Ready?”
“Okay.”  Tim had completed clipping on his name tag.
Without another second’s hesitation Fetterman pushed on the door.  It didn’t move.  He pushed harder.  It didn’t budge.
“Scoot back.”  Tim shimmied back on his heels.  Mark brought his leg back in a breach kick and the next thing Tim heard was a tremendous crash and then the door burst opening, banging all the way back on its hinges.  They were blinded by the light that poured in at them from their newly opened aperture.  Mark stepped out into a shop area where repairs were taking place.  He stood up and promptly saw the wide eyes of four men staring at him.  Several were evidently in mid task, their tools and equipment held in suspended animation.  
Tim stood up and looked around him at the workmen.  He stepped out from behind Fetterman and without missed a beat pointed at the door.  “I’ll tell you boys what…you get that door fixed and we won’t write you up.”  Then he turned to Mark.  “Are you ready Freddy?”  He asked nonchalant as he dusted off his trousers.
Mark threw in his bit without a glitch.  “Agreed.  A bit of oil.”  Before any of the men had a chance to read their name tags or acclimate to the new situation, Mark turned and followed Gillette toward what appeared to be freedom just up a set of steel stairs.  “Keep up the good work men.”  He threw over his shoulder.
The workmen just stared as they climbed the steel steps and then looked at each other.  Then with the same wordless silence their eyes turned to the four foot tall steel door, now standing open.  Finally, the oldest of the four spoke up, his eyes fixed on the rusted door.
“Man, that door hasn’t been open in years!”  He then looked at the other three in their besmeared coveralls.  “We never could get it open.”
Another spoke up.  “The transportation department said they were going to start getting serious about their inspections.”  He looked at the two men at the top of the stairs now.  “I guess they weren’t joking.”  They all watched as the two men in suits walked through the door to the brilliant outside.



Chapter 11 – 2:28 PM EST


Ashid Sadar unlocked the Audi and slid into the driver’s seat.  He needed to create some distance from this scene, but was unsure of where to go.  He started the vehicle and edged out into traffic.  He was going over to Long Island until he could sort things out.  He was running out of time and his next move was very critical.
There were three reasons why he hadn’t killed Timothy Gillette.  The first opportunity presented itself to him that morning in the executive’s office.  There he was not completely certain that the project had come to completion or was implemented and needed confirmation from Gillette’s own mouth.  From what he had finally been able to extract from Lazzaro, Ashid was reasonably well informed as to the progress, but there was always that contingency that it was complete and active.  Second, he knew he was on surveillance in his office and a murder on camera would have surely created a problem for him to be able to exit the building safely.  Third, he knew that it wasn’t as easy as grabbing a thumb drive.  His backers were reasonably certain that the program was accessed remotely; it was impossible for a thumb drive to run that amount of raw data.  Lazzaro Belluchi had collaborated this under torture.  Encryption was a nuisance, but only a minor one.  His contact stated he didn’t care to use the program, only that it didn’t fall into the right hands for the Americans to be able to use it.
From what Ashid Sadar understood they had expected the U.S. Military or Intelligence agencies to either already have this capability for some time or for it to be forthcoming earlier than now.  Yet, to their joy and surprise, a contact had informed them it was likely not the case, but a certain company was currently developing the capability and it would be completed soon.  After some digging, DefSol, Incorporated came into the picture, with great focus on one man, Timothy Gillette.  Sadar was contacted and a rapid plan came about; which found him on a plane in a matter of hours from the first phone call.
Their agent had identified a weak point in the system, Mr. Lazzaro Belluchi.  Ashid Sadar had located his apartment and stationed himself inside until the man came home from work three days ago.  A day of interrogation and study of the man revealed what Sadar needed to know and learn.
Sadar had grown up on the streets of Iraq and later stole his way into Russia.  He made enemies along the way, but also caught the attention of some powerful people; people who valued humanity as a herd of sheep, and saw only predators as the dominant creatures.  He was approached after he had illegally immigrated into Russia and been involved in some dastard retribution for being cheated out of his money at a night club.  The power brokers of Russia’s underworld knew when they saw a wolf, unrelenting, unremorseful, and completely resourceful in the art of kill or be killed.  It was strange, but then not strange that he had pleased more people with the gruesome killing of the pit boss, than he had displeased.  He accepted this with a wry satisfaction and embraced his new darker direction.
His fame became nearly instant; moving from petty crime and inconsequential murders to power crimes and political assassinations.  His capacity to improvise and evade brought him to even greater attention and prominence.  He was quick to grasp the power of his new role and began to entertain the idea of going completely independent; making the demands instead of taking them.  It was a natural step, one not unexpected in his new world.  The transition was simple.  He offered his services, word got around, and counteroffers were proffered and he quickly accepted.  It was that simple…of a sort.
He appeared on the international radar after completing a deal that was uncovered by the government of Pakistan in their interrogation of a captured asset.  A deal was brokered between Russia and Iran for delivery of shoulder-fired SAM’s.  As he completed the delivery he discovered an undercover agent, posing as a rebel terrorist helping to complete the deal.  He ordered his men to seize the man.  The man was tortured and then his throat was slit wide, something he savored.  The tent was left erected and the body inside tied to a pole.  The Pakistani government found their man and began the search for his killer.  The name of Vladimir Saul Alvinsky came out and an international fugitive was born.

[↕]

Gillette and Fetterman made their way across the street and into a cab.  A short ride found them back at the Dwight Building.  They made their way up to Timothy Gillette’s office.
“I am going to take a quick shower and change clothes.”  Gillette opened a small closet and selected a pair of jeans, a light shirt, and undergarments.
“You have a shower in here?”  Fetterman asked as he turned in a slow circle, taking in the spacious and modern office.  He liked it.
“I do.  I had it put in after I was promoted.  The company paid for half of the remodel project and I paid for the other half.  I’ve stayed the night here more times than I want to remember.”  He pushed open the door and flicked on the light to the bathroom.
“I need to use your computer.”  Fetterman turned serious, remembering the SD card in his pocket.
“Go ahead.”  Tim replied as the door shut.
Mark went over to the large desk and unplugged the Ethernet cable from the iMac.  He inserted the SD card and sat down.  A message popped up that new media was inserted.  He waited.  An icon appeared for the card.  He clicked on it. A folder appeared.  It was completely empty!  He broke out in a cold sweat.  How could it be empty?  Had he damaged the card somehow?  He knew whatever had been on the card meant life and death and possibly national security.  He started clicking around on different options.  He checked the memory size of the card.  It was four gigabytes, but showed more than three gigabytes were free.  Something was on it.  He clicked on properties and saw that the files were hidden.  He selected reveal and went back to the folder.  It showed only one file.  He clicked on it, waited a second for program to open and found himself looking at a journal.  The date in front of him was January 1, 2000.  The text read:
I am keeping good on my New Year, New Century resolution to keep a journal, so here I go.
Last night was a wild party, a great time here in New York.  I watched the ball drop with thousands of others in Times Square.  It was a lazy day around the…
Fetterman scrolled down.  August 17, 2000.  Again, February 13, 2001.  Though he was curious what would be written on September 11 and 12, Mark simply went to the end of the document.  It was dated August 14, 2014.  Fetterman read the entry and his heart began to pound.
I am not sleeping at night anymore.  I know my work performance is suffering.  Taking sleeping pills helps, but still the scrolling text of data and conversations runs nonstop in my mind.  I have betrayed my country.  It has been exactly one year since it started.
Mark scrolled up until he found August 12, 2013.
The unemployment office called me today and told me that they might have a job for me in my professional field.  A company needed a computer tech for security.  I am thrilled.  My unemployment keeps running out after part time work is ended and besides it getting boring doing nothing.  I guess maybe the economy might be in recovery.  I went to the employment office today and they set up an interview with a company named TransGap Technologies, Inc.
Mark remembered that interview.  Justin Weaver conducted the interview and reported that Mr. Belluchi was their man.  It had taken a while to finalize the background check and position, but he gave the green light to hire Lazzaro.  It had seemed like a good decision at that point.  He knew it was, but now Mark was asking himself if he should’ve ever hired the man.  He scrolled down several pages.
It was supposed to be a job that I wanted.  It was at first, but the pay was not what I had hoped I would get.  That’s when it all began.  I got a call from someone several days ago asking if I wanted to make a lot of money.  I hung up.  I figured it was a scam until they called again today.
“Do not hang up.”  The voice calmly commanded.  “Lazzaro Belluchi, we need your help.”
“Who is this?”  I replied.
“Do not concern yourself with that right now.”  The voice reassured.  “You will be compensated.”
The rent was due.  I listened.  “You work for TransGap Technologies.  You live in the London Terrace Apartments.  You drive a blue Audi TT, which is going to get repossessed.  You like your Breve heated up to 185.  Your turkey club is always ordered with a side of mayonnaise.  You need the money.  Your rent is due.”
“Who is this!?”  I demanded angrily, truth was I was more frightened than angry.
“As I said, don’t concern yourself with that.  The important point is we know who you are, and oh, everything about you.”  There was a slight humorless chuckle.  “As a matter of fact we got you your job.”
“What?!”  I was very confused now.
“Just listen.”  The voice was even more firm.  “You will either work for us or we will get you fired.  What do you say to an extra five thousand a month?”
Journal, needless to say, I was shocked.  I could think of all kinds of things to do with five thousand.  I silently assented to listen.
“I will meet with you if you consent; if not I will not call you again and you need not plan on going to work in the morning because your job won’t be waiting for you.”
I was furious, frightened, and curious, but mostly I was tired of the stress of trying to make ends meet.
“Okay, I’ll accept.”
“Good.”
That began it all.  Now my life is even more stressful.
The next day read:
I met with the mysterious man behind the phone calls.  Now I am really scared!  I don’t know if I can go through with it.  He wants me to break into the servers at TransGap and look for a particular company.  I agreed.  How could I refuse when he slid a fat envelope across with my first $5,000 in advance.  I am going to start working on the assignment tomorrow.  The company is called Defense Solutions, Incorporated.
Mark stopped reading and rocked back in his chair.  They’d been had.  All of them.  Gillette, DefSol, TransGap, himself, and Veracity Human Resources.  He suddenly had a thought.  Maybe Veracity hadn’t been had!  Maybe they were the one feeding the monster.  The man who contacted Lazzaro knew everything about him; where he lived, what he drove, etc.  It all started to make a sort of sense.  He had called them to get Lazzaro’s address.  Then the apartment security personal went on a witch hunt for him.  Someone possibly had tipped them off.  There was no one, but Veracity that even knew where he was.  He clenched his fist and struck the desk.
The door to the bathroom swung open and Timothy Gillette reappeared ready to go.  He stopped midstride when he saw Fetterman’s face.
“What’s wrong now?”
“Mr. Gillette, you wouldn’t believe it if I told you.”  Mark stood up and motioned for Tim to sit down.  Gillette came around the desk and sat in the swivel chair.  He began to read the screen.  Mark watched as his facial expression went from one of curious scrutiny to amazement and then to anger.
“What is this?”  Tim asked, looking up, a furious expression on his face.
“Lazzaro Belluchi’s journal.”
“You’re kidding right?”
“I wish I was.”
“How did you get this?”  Tim was puzzled.
“First, do you have a printer?”
“I do.”
“Load it up with paper.”
Fetterman reconnected the Ethernet cable and once the printer was acquired, he clicked ‘print’.  The LaserJet clicked and hummed into life and soon was spitting out page after page.
Mark told the whole story to Timothy as the pages stacked up in the background.  As he finished the printer quit shooting out papers and was only running the cooling fan.
“What are you going to do with that?”  Tim pointed at the large stack of papers.
“Put it in your safe.”  Mark grabbed it and walked over to the small office safe on the floor.
“Not that safe.”  Tim intercepted him.  Fetterman paused, looking around for another safe.  Tim pushed past him and slid aside a small coffee maker from the counter of his kitchenette.  A white electrical outlet showed – nothing was plugged into it.  He pulled on the top and it rotated out and down.  A small key pad was revealed.  Tim pressed the buttons and there was a nearly inaudible whir behind them.  Mark, holding the stack of papers, turned around to see the bookshelf loaded with books, swivel to the side revealing a small doorway.
“Unbelievable!”  Mark was impressed and smiled broadly.  “A hidden passageway behind a bookshelf – how original.”  Tim laughed at the comment as he led the way.
They walked into the dark interior and the bookshelf began its silent closure as lights came on illuminating their way.  It was a small room, probably two hundred square feet, sparsely furnished with a small desk with a laptop, a small felt-covered table in the middle, several storage lockers against the wall and two enormous wall safes beside them.
Timothy Gillette went over to a storage locker and unlocked the combination padlock.  Inside were bottles and containers, and, Mark’s eyes nearly popped out of his head, rows upon rows of ammunition.
“You surprise me, Mr. Gillette.”  Mark stopped, as his eyes roved over the various stacks ordered according to caliber.  “It is a pleasant surprise.”
Tim ignored the comment and finished spinning the dial on the black and silver LibertySafe, next to it.  He turned the handles, snapping back the ten bars of steel that held the door closed.  Fetterman heard the familiar sound and looked from the cabinet to the opening door of a safe full of handguns; it appeared from many variations.  He immediately recognized the Kimber standard issue .45ACP with it modified grips – he had carried one while in Iraq.  There was a pair of Colts hanging from the door rack as well as a Ruger Super Red hawk .44 magnum.  He thought he saw a Springfield Range Officer 1911.  He stepped closer, a slow smile unconsciously spreading on his face.  There was an H&K .40 S&W threaded for a suppressor.  A slow whistle escaped his lips.
“Man, I am starting to feel at home up here in this skyscraper!”
Tim turned a grin on his face as well.  “What do you think?”
“First thought is, ‘Wow’!  Second thought is how did you do it?  These guns are illegal in the city, in the state for that matter.”
“Yes, illegal here, but legally owned.  There are a thousand thugs on the street right now packing iron that was stolen or purchased illegally.  That’s a thousand illegal guns possessed by violent criminals, but BATF and NYC is only concerned with my thirty-six pistols, I am sure.  All in the name of ‘public safety’.”
Mark snorted in agreement.  “Don’t forget about the state Congress.”
Tim nodded his head and returned to the question.  “The how is easy.  I brought them over from my house in New Jersey.  One big trip in the trunk of my car.”
“All at once?”
“Well, it was one big gamble or twenty small ones.  Losing the toss on either one would have meant jail time so why not save myself some time.”  Tim reached in and took a Springfield XDs .45 from the padded inside and did a chamber check on the weapon – it was empty.  He slid two magazines out from a stack of six and put all three on the felt table.  He then went to the cabinet and withdrew a box of Hornady Critical Duty rounds and placed them next to the weapon and magazines.  Opening the second cabinet he selected a shoulder holster and slid it on, securing it to his belt.  Tim slipped back the end of the box and began to feed rounds into the slim, single-stack magazine.  Finishing with the first he snapped it into the gun, charged it and then holstered the weapon.  After loading the second magazine he returned the partial box of ammunition and began to close everything back up.
Fetterman quietly watched, impressed with this executive’s obvious skill in handling weapons with familiarity.  Who would have thought it?  In the heart of New York City an executive engineer with a secret room housing a secret arsenal with enough firepower to make the Mayor have a coronary.
“What’s in the other safe?”  Mark pointed to the larger of the two.
“My rifles.”  Tim grinned again.  “Would you like to take a look?”
“Do you need to ask?”  Mark walked around the table to stand by as Tim worked the combination.  Once opened, Mark was not prepared for what he saw.  It wasn’t a collection of random hunting rifles, or heirlooms, but two high dollar AR-15 Bushmasters, one had a Schmidt & Bender scope and the other, with a shorter barrel and broom handle, had an AimPoint.  Right in front was a KelTec KSG.  He stooped down and saw a Hogan AR-10 complete with bipod, dopesheet taped to the side of the stock, and a Henkler Sniper scope.  He was blown away!
“You are a sniper?!”
“Not officially, but yes.”
“Not officially, what do you mean?”
“I started out self-taught and was mentored along the way by some of the best.  It’s taken a while, but I have won several competitions.”
“Several, which ones?”
“The Northwest Challenge, the Swamp Shoot, PPSC, and a few others.”
“I am stunned.”
“I can see the reason for your surprise.”  Gillette replied.  “Several things prevented me from going into the military, but that doesn’t mean that I am not a patriot or that I don’t believe in defending my country.”
“That is not what I meant.”  Fetterman tried to rectify what he perceived was a misunderstanding.
“I know you didn’t.”  Gillette’s brow furrowed.  “Were you in the military?”
“I was.  Stateside for four years.  Two tours in Iraq and I was stationed in Okinawa for a year and a half before that.”
“I’m envious.”
“Don’t be.  It was good to serve my country, but I know now that there are more efficient ways to do so, especially now that the terrorist organization that we bled to eradicate is now taking Iraq back over.  I don’t regret my service, but I would like to change things at home rather than abroad.  We have entered a phase in America where the American people are either consumed with war across the globe or sports or celebrities, but are not paying any attention to the fact that the ground is being cut out from under them, their privacy and liberties.  They are being lied to wholesale on the nightly news and don’t even realize.  They don’t even understand that they are now the new enemy.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean nine hundred billion domestic phone calls, texts, and emails, are being hacked and spied upon…by our own government every year.  That’s more that all the pieces of information that we gather from known terrorists organizations or hostile nations.  We don’t even know where the enemy is on a daily basis, but the NSA and DHS can tell you where you ate breakfast this morning, by tracking your smartphone.  It is a disease that has seized our intelligence agencies.  I want to change that…if I can.”
“I hope we can.  That is something I have been looking into for some time, as well.  I have been buying books on hacking just to get an understanding of where we are vulnerable.  I am wary of the internet or anything of that nature being exploited, but I didn’t realize it had gone so far.”
“It has.  This is only what we know about.”  Fetterman changed the subject and gestured toward the open safe.  “Why do you keep all your guns here?”
“These are only part of my collection.   I have twice as many at home.”
“Twice. Wow!  Must have cost a fortune!”
“It nearly did, but I inherited one so I decided to invest it in a four hundred year old market – firearms.”  Tim shut the door and locked the mechanism.  He went over to a small closet and withdrew a sport coat, hiding his shoulder holster.  “Mr. Fetterman, I am not a conspiracy theorist, but the wind blows ill for the ship of Freedom these days and I have this room here to be prepared should things go south while I am away from my home.  I have several grab bags and a small storage of food and water supplies.”
“Not a bad idea.”  Mark was thinking of a few preparations that he had made for similar circumstances.  He would have to invest a little more into his bug out bags and caches.
Tim grabbed the stack of papers and leafed through them, scanning the journal entries quickly, but pausing to read carefully ever so often.  He stood stock still for several minutes, only his eyes and hands moving until finally he looked up at Fetterman.  “What’s your feeling about Belluchi?”
“I think he was an average American that caved under the pressure of the recession.  I have a working theory, but have no evidence.  The human resources company that vetted him and recommended him to us is suspect and on my list.  I think they have been infiltrated and are actually using their vast database of information and people to place likely candidates in not just our company, but other key American industries.”
“Sounds like the Cold War all over again.”
“I think it is and has been.”

[↕]

Ashid Sadar eased his car along with the flow of traffic as he crossed over into Long Island.  Even as he was reaching the other side he had made up his mind.  He was going to get what he wanted.  It wasn’t that he had been afraid to use the necessary force or reticent, but he had been placed on a few strict limitations on this contract.  It had to be smooth.  It had to be quick.  It had to be undetected up to the last minute.  What it is the program anyway?  He wondered.  Normally, he didn’t care what he had or was moving.  He only cared about the money and what it would buy.  Although he actually did enjoy killing – especially western people.  It was his way of evening the score.  He turned on his blinker and stopped, preparing for a U-turn.



Chapter 12 – 3:03 PM EST



Jacqueline was much stressed.  It had been one hour since Timothy Gillette had called her with his short encrypted explanation of their plight.  He had appeared to have lost the connection.  Jacqueline had waited for several minutes for him to call back, but he had not.  She had pondered what he said about her phone.  Hacked.  It was hard to believe.  It was downright scary.  He had said to put it in a sink full of water!  Was he crazy?  She couldn’t bear the thought of dipping her new, blue iPhone 5C into the sink full of soap bubbles.  She had waited a few more minutes and then tried to call Timothy Gillette’s phone for a better explanation, but her call went straight to voicemail.  She decided on a compromise.  She would merely turn the phone off.  That would stop any ‘hacker’ from accessing her phone...so she thought.  That was over an hour ago.  They were just finishing up a little cake her mother had made and some more tea.

[↕]

Ashid flicked his tablet awake.  He entered his password and then pulled up his digital secret weapon.  This time there appeared only one blip on the screen – as he had guessed.  Mr. Gillette was on to his game and had probably dismantled or disabled his phone.  No problem.  He was fixing to stack up the blue chips on the table, he was holding all the cards.  He touched and held the blip and then selected ‘Open in Maps’.  Instantly, the screen changed and a sky view of New York City was loading from the top down.  He touched ‘Directions’.  By the time the light turned green he was enroute with his navigation assistant speaking commands.

[↕]

Chet looked at the clock on his screen.  3:04, only two more hours!  He rubbed his eyes and then swiveled his chair around and stood up, grabbing his phone from off the desk in the same motion.  He took a few steps and looked into the cubicle next to his much larger cubicle.  “Fred, I am taking a potty break if anybody asks where I went.”
“Got it.”  Fred never looked up or broke his stride on the keyboard.
Chet turned, stretched and walked toward the automatic glass doors that closed off their work area with muted light.  They opened and he headed for the bathrooms.  He pushed open the door and walked toward the closest urinal.  He had remembered reading in the Reader’s Digest one time that often the closest toilets or urinals are many times the cleanest because American’s value their privacy.  He valued his health.  He also didn’t like dirty toilets.  He stepped up to the urinal and fumbled with his belt.  Just then his phone rang.  He had remembered reading somewhere else that often the seat of a toilet is healthier than your desk if you eat lunch at your desk.  Something about there being more permanent germs due to the food particles, while the toilets often got disinfected every day.  Then he remembered hearing that they had found more germs on a doctor’s cell phones that worked in hospitals than in the hospital bathrooms.  What was it with phones and bathrooms today?  He cleared his mind as he reached for his phone, pulled it out and nearly dropped it, only catching it by squatting down quickly and snagging it out of the air.  He was now eye to eye with the urinal.  I should have stayed at my desk!  He thought disgustedly.  Then as he stood back up he saw it was his boss, Mr. Fetterman.  He slid his thumb and answered the call.  “Hello.”  He tucked the phone in between his shoulder and his cheek.
“Chet.  I need your help right away.”  Mr. Fetterman sounded pretty serious and considering their day, he had a right to be.
“Okay.”  Right then the IR eye on the urinal decided to initiate a flush sequence, evidently it had mistaken Chet’s squatting down for a new customer.  Whhoooossh!
“Where are you?”  Fetterman asked.
“Well, I am in the bathroom.”  Chet was a little embarrassed at having the urinal flush right then.
“Okay.  Listen, call me back, as soon as you finish up.  It is important.”  The line went dead.
“Got it.”  Chet said as he tucked the phone back into his pocket.

[↕]

Chet plopped back down into his swivel chair and dialed his boss’ number.
“Hello.”
“I’m done.  Sorry about that earlier.”
“No problem.”  Fetterman paused and Chet could hear a whirring sound in the background.  “I am going to need you to initiate our Ace in the hole.”
“Are we talking about the NYPD surveillance systems?”
“Yes.”  Fetterman cleared his throat.  “But there is a twist.  We have access to their live footage systems, but they also have a passive license plate collection system.  It collects photos of license plates from various places around the city and stores them in metadata format; often at bridges and major intersections.”
“I knew they had the technology, but I didn’t know it was active.”
“It is.  Has been – though they have tried to suppress and deny it.”  Mark sat down at Gillette’s computer.  “Chet, time is running out and several things have developed since we last spoke.”  Fetterman opened the browser and typed in a web address.  “We have got to locate this man posing as Lazzaro Belluchi before something else happens.  Do you have a fix on Miss Defray still?”
Chet slid one window over, exposing their tracking map.  “Yes sir.  She is still at the same location.”
“Okay.  First thing: keep an eye on her, but for now I am going to need you to do a search on this passive collection database for Lazzaro’s license plate.”  Mark typed in his password that allowed him access to the state’s DMV website, a privilege that came with his position.  “Here it is.”  He rattled off the license plate number of the Audi.
“Alright.”  Chet wrote the number down on a piece of paper.  “I may have to hang up so I can concentrate better.”
“That’s fine.  Just keep me posted.”  Fetterman terminated the call and turned to Gillette.  “Well, here we go Mr. Gillette.  I hope it pays off.”
“Me too.”  Tim reached over and picked up the desk phone.  He pressed the button for his receptionist.  “Yes, do you have any messages for me?”  Tim paused.  “Are you sure?”  Another pause.  “Okay, thank you.  If you do get any, my cellphone is out of service right now.  Call me at this number.”  Tim picked up his burner Tracphone and read off the number written with Sharpie on the back.  “Thank you.”  He replaced the receiver and lifted his eyes to those of Mark Fetterman.  “I have a confession to make.”
Fetterman never blinked.
“The reason I got hit on the head by our terrorist is because I made one more call from that payphone in the subway station…to Jaqueline.  I told her about her phone being hacked.”
Fetterman’s eyes wrinkled in the corners and a small smile came to his face.  “Why am I not surprised?  Mr. Gillette, strictly speaking, off the record, and in an unprofessional capacity, I must ask you what your feelings are toward Miss Defray.”
Tim broke the gaze and walked toward his window again.  He stared for several longs seconds before replying.  His reply was unexpected.  “Mr. Fetterman, I think you’re mistaken.  I believe based on my feelings toward Jacqueline that you should have asked that question in a professional capacity.”
“Okay.  Professionally speaking, what are your feelings?”
Tim turned back toward Fetterman.  “Have you ever seen anyone as beautiful as Jacqueline?”
“A time or two, as beautiful, but certainly not more beautiful.”  Mark admitted.
“I probably shouldn’t have, but I have thought of her often.  She has affected my work and my life by her extemporized invasions into my thoughts.  I find it very hard to shake them.”
“I can understand.”
“Do you?”  Tim turned back to his window and the scene beyond, with it little cars below, and the yet littler boats in the harbor further away.  There was not a cloud in the sky – all baby blue.  He spoke toward the scene.  “I imagine you do.  Only, I have made commitments that should prevent me from dwelling on or taking joy in thoughts of a young, attractive, and smart co-worker.”
Fetterman’s smile returned, but his voice maintained a serious tone.  “You’re in a bind, Buddy!”
Tim turned around.  “Don’t you think I know that?  How would I ever explain anything to Laura at home?  It’s been four years since she’s been doing all my cooking and laundry.  I insisted she didn’t work and so she completely keeps the house by herself.  I don’t have any kids so it’s just her and I.  What do I say when she finds out about my day or about our lunch?”
“I take it she is the jealous type?”  Fetterman queried.
“Very!  I am kept on a tight rein, especially since she has found out about a few things that I had been up to before she moved in with me.”  Tim ran a hand through his hair. “It’s all in concern for me…so she says.”
“Do you believe her?”
“I am afraid I do.”  Tim admitted.
“So, back to our question…”
“Yes, I was hoping you forgot, but knew you wouldn’t.”  Tim took a deep breath.  “I have been working with Jacqueline for several months and have never known anyone like her.  We have worked closely together on several projects.  She is very intelligent, efficient, and professional.”  Tim chuckled remembering her reminding him of protocol when she had come into his office for the first time earlier today.  
“What?”
“Nothing.”  Tim insisted.  “All the guys are madly in love with her and I can’t say I blame them.  I appear to have fallen under her spell.”  Here Tim paused.  “The difference is she has never paid any of them a moments of attention or even acted like she noticed them, but I think she has been secretly in love with me.”  Tim shook his head.  “I hope that doesn’t sound like I am an egotist.”
Fetterman ignored the latter comment.  “So, she is in love with you.  The question Mr. Gillette is: Are you in love with her?”
“Yes.  Yes, I am afraid so.”
“Weeellll.”  Fetterman stood.  “That changes things considerably, very considerable.”
“How so?”
“Let’s just say that the call I just made to my tech wizard was a smart move and an incredibly timely one.”
“I am not sure I understand.”  Tim walked over and leaned on the arm of the leather sofa.
“I’ll help you.”  Fetterman walked over and tried out the view for himself from the window.  He stood for several seconds before turning back to Tim.  “What would you do if Ashid Sadar were to take her hostage?”
Timothy’s face turned immediately pale.  He stared for several seconds at Fetterman.  “I…I…don’t know.”  He finally managed.
“Let me put it to you like this:  What would you feel like doing if he were to take her hostage?”
Just as quickly the blood pumped back into Tim’s features.  “That’s easy.  I would feel like killing him.”
“Good.”  Mark smiled and walked over to Tim, clapping a hand on his shoulder.  “That’s what I was hoping you would say.”  He looked him in the eye.  “You might have to.”
Tim unflinchingly returned the gaze.  “Have you ever killed anyone before?”
“More than I care to remember.”  Mark released his grip on Gillette’s shoulder.  “What’s scary is it was easier than I could have imagined.  The hard part is the nightmares months afterward.  They don’t tell you about all of that in the military.  They just tell you to go out there and kill or be killed.”  Mark’s phone chirped on an incoming call.  “Tim, it goes without asking, but I must ask it.”  Mark picked up the phone, but didn’t answer the call just yet.  “If he demanded your project for Jacqueline’s life what would you do?”  Mark answered the call.
Timothy walked to the window and looked out once more.
His back was to Fetterman and he didn’t see the dreadful look that came over Tim’s face as Fetterman spoke in the phone.  “Okay, Chet.  You’ve done a good job.  I need you to initiate full takeover of their surveillance in that area and get a visual to confirm the location.”  Fetterman waited for Chet to reply.  “Yes.  That’s right.”  Fetterman nodded.  “You don’t have to do this, but if we get caught, I promise you I will take the fall; I take all the prison time.”
This brought Tim’s head around and he looked at Fetterman with a questioning glance.  Prison time?  What was this guy planning?
Mark continued.  “Don’t stay in the system any longer than you have to, but we need to make certain of where he is headed.”  Mark hung up the phone and met Tim’s quizzical gaze.  “Mr. Gillette, have you considered my question yet?”
Tim brushed aside the question and replaced it with one of his own, pointing at the phone in Mark’s hand.  “What’s going on?  What was this about jail?”
Fetterman held his ground.  “Not so fast.  My question first.”
Tim pondered it a moment and finally gave up the contest.  “I am first a God-loving patriot – in that order.  Everything else comes second; I would never betray my country’s future for my own.  I couldn’t hand over the project.  He would have to kill me.”
“Excellent!”  Mark Fetterman held out his hand.  “There’s not a dime’s worth of difference between what you just said and the oath that I made when I joined the military!”  Tim slowly extended his hand and they shook hands, their grip conveying an unspoken camaraderie that has only been forged between men for thousands of years by a common, righteous cause.
Fetterman broke the news.  “Tim,” He paused.  “It’s show time.  Ashid Sadar appears to be headed to find Jacqueline.”
Tim jerked as if he was just stung, squeezing Fetterman’s hand in an unexpected and surprisingly powerful grip.  Mark winced inwardly.  This guy is strong!   “My hand Mr. Gillette.”
Tim looked at their hands with a brief, vacant stare before realizing what he was doing.  “Sorry!”  He released his grip.
“Chet is going to hack into the NYPD street surveillance system to confirm it visually, but I am pretty certain that will be unnecessary.”  Mark watched as Tim processed this information and then turned toward his keys on the desk.
“Let’s go!”  Tim ran to the door and released the lock jerking it open for Mark to follow – which he had to run to do.  The secretary watched with a shocked expression as they ran down the hall.
They went through the outer door and ran up to the elevators.  Tim stabbed the button for ‘Down’.  “Come one, baby.  This is the one time it really matters.”  As if on cue there was a ‘ding’ and the doors to their right sprang open.  They scrambled inside.

[↕]

Alana was just finishing the dishes with Jacqueline’s help.  Alana turned and wiped her hands on the red, white, and blue dish towel hanging from the refrigerator handle.  Jacqueline sat watching, her mother had insisted on it – she refused help with the dishes.  So, she sat.  The sun was coming in little shafts through the blinds on the kitchen door, lighting up the blue china wall paper and sprinkling Jacqueline with rivulets of luminance.  Just behind her, there was a little porch beyond the glass paneled door.  Alana came over and took a hold of Jacqueline’s hand and tugged gently toward the kitchen door.  “Jacky, let’s go sit on the porch for a bit.”
“Mom, it’s hot out there!”  Jacqueline pulled back gently.
“It is hot for you, but since my last round of chemo I have not been able to get my bones warm.”  Alana smiled sweetly.  “For me?”
Jacqueline stood, reached for her mother and hugged her.  “Of course, Momma, I would do anything for you.”  She released her hold and looked her in the face.  “Please don’t keep talking about your cancer.  I don’t want to think about it.”
Her mother turned away toward the door.  “I am not making any promises.”  She opened the door and the light came streaming in as the heat followed like a rolling wave.  They stepped out onto the little porch.  It had a small overhang that offered little shade, but it wasn’t as bad as Jacqueline had anticipated.
“Sit over there.”  Alana indicated a wicker chair.  Jacqueline sat down and it creaked and groaned under her weight.
“I hate these things!”  She expostulated.  “They always sound like they are going to collapse.  They make me feel fat!”
“Honey, quit complaining.”  Alana toddled over to a series of shelves that held numerous plants.  “They do the same to me, and I am skin and bones.”
“Momma!”
Alana continued like she hadn’t heard a word.  “Besides, we both know you are not fat.  You got a trim figure that will turn any man’s head.”
“Momma!”  Jacqueline protested again.
He mother turned, holding a potted plant, and walked toward her daughter.  “You remember that text I sent you this morning?  Well, here is what I had for you.”  Alana walked over and set it on Jacqueline’s lap.  Jacqueline looked to see if there was any potting soil that might get on her skirt, but then decided not to worry about it – her mother was far more important than a small dry cleaning bill.
She looked at the small sprig of a plant, uncertain of what it was.  “Momma, it is beautiful!”
“Oh, don’t try to fool me; it is just a little sprout!”  Her mother laughed as she sat down, the chair creaking.  “See what I mean?  This chair sounds just like yours.”  Alana indicated the plant.  “What you are holding is a date palm that I planted myself several weeks ago from a date seed.  I ordered them straight from Iraq.  I met another Iraqi woman several months ago and she showed me where to order from.”
“Momma, that is wonderful!  That is amazing!  It’s like a little piece of home for you.”
“No, Jacky…for you.”  Her mother stared at her with certain gravity in her eyes.  Jacqueline grew quiet; she could sense something was amiss.
“What is it?  Momma, what’s wrong.”  Jacqueline set the plant on the ground and scooted her wicker chair closer where she could reach for her mother’s now frail hand.
Her mother’s gaze drifted toward the sky and settled on a small bird that was resting from its ventures upon her neighbor’s upstairs window sill, singing at intervals to the beautiful day.  “It is something to remember me by, to remember where we came from.”
Jacqueline’s face took on a worried, puzzled look, but she didn’t interrupt as she sat.  She could hear people far behind the house and down the alley arguing – she ignored them and focused on her mother.
“Jacky, there are three very important things to remember in life.  First, remember where you came from, your roots, your past, and your journey.  Second, remember where you are.  Don’t get so caught up in the past that you can’t enjoy where you are at that moment.  Third, remember where you are going.  Don’t forget your goals.  Like I have always taught you –reach for the stars.”  The bird flew off on another adventure and Alana watched it go until it was out of sight and then her gaze descended upon her daughter’s lovely face.  “Jacqueline, you have been a good child and are now quite the woman of the day.  You have reached for the stars and found them.  I am proud of you!”  There were tears welling up in this strong woman’s face and Jacqueline couldn’t help, but follow suit, her eyes brimmed with tears, threatening to run down.
“Momma, I owe it all to you!”  Jacqueline squeezed her hand.
Her mother was quiet for a moment.  “Yes, some, but not all.  I brought you out of Iraq and eventually here, but you pressed on farther than I could have imagined.  Look at you now – a professional woman in New York City.  You are making lots of money.  The world is at your fingertips and life is ahead of you.”  Alana smiled broadly.  For just a moment it was as if the markers of her disease were erased and the former beauty and happiness returned to glow upon her face.
“Momma, you are so beautiful and wonderful!”  Jacqueline spoke suddenly with supreme earnestness.
“Ah, wonderful, yes.”  Alana laughed and the sound carried true joy.  “And beautiful…once.  Now you have it all.”
“Nonsense!”  Jacqueline turned her head to the side in mock reprimand.
“The plant, Jacky.  The date palm.”  With her other hand Alana pointed.  “Where are you going to plant it?”
“I don’t know.  I only have an apartment.”
“You can plant it here for now and then when you buy your great big house you can have it moved.”
Jacqueline smiled and nodded looking around at the narrow strip of lawn between the two houses.  “Alright.  I’ll do it this afternoon, but first I need to change clothes.  I think I have some clothes in the spare bedroom still.”  Jacqueline put the plant on the wood decking and started to stand.
Alana gripped her hand tightly.  “Please, Jacky, sit down…for a few more minutes.  It can wait.  There is something I need to tell you.”
She sank back into the chair, this time not even hearing the creaking, and stared at her mother.  “I knew there was something.  What is it mother?”
“Jacky, dear, I went to the doctor yesterday.”  She paused.
“Yes, Momma, what is it?”
“I have been up all night thinking.  I finally fell asleep this morning when the sun came up.  I only got up briefly to text you and then lay back down till just before you came.”  Alana’s eyes roamed over the small yard, taking in the greenery and trees.  “I made a few calls this morning.”  She looked back into Jacqueline’s dark eyes.  “I have deeded this house to you. I also made you my power of attorney.  The lawyer will finish with the papers tomorrow.  I know its small, but it will help.  At least you won’t have to pay rent when I am gone – if you want the house.”
“Momma, of course I want the house, but there was no need for that.  I am okay right now.  This is your house.”  Jacqueline leaned closer, the worry and concern was now deeply etched into her brow.
“No, Jacky, it is your house.  I won’t be needing it much longer.”  Alana sighed and tried to smile, but instead her lip began to quiver slightly.
Jacqueline’s eyes darted back and forth between her mother’s eyes and her now trembling lip.  “Momma, what are you saying?”  There was a frantic plea in her voice, a panic overtaking her own heart.
“Baby, the doctor gave me four weeks to live.  A few more if I take another round of treatments, but I am…”  She never finished.
“Momma!”  Jacqueline cried out and sank over into her mother’s lap, sobbing.  Her mother’s left hand lifted and then fell upon her daughter’s raven black hair that now cascaded down around her head.
The tears began to spill out of Alana’s eyes and fall onto Jacqueline’s hair.  She tried to wipe them off, but her vision blurred and she quit trying.  Instead she just stroked her daughter’s head as she cradled it in her lap, the tears mingling into the black silk.  She stroked and stroked, letting Jacqueline weep into her apron.

She was taken back to when she was young and Jacky was just a girl.  They would often sit just this way.  Sometimes, at home, or on the bus.  As the years went by it became more infrequent, but still there were times even as a teenager Jacky would lean over and rest her head upon her mother’s lap and Alana would stroke that beautiful black hair.  Just as she was now.  It brought back the pain and the joy of her life all mixed in together in a recipe of love.  She had been happy, once and now Jacky was happy; that made her feel better.  Actually, she decided, it made her feel happy again.
“Momma, momma,” Jacqueline sobbed.  She finally lifted her head up and got down on her knees beside the short wicker chair that her mother occupied, heedless of her skirt, shoes, or new nylons, she crawled closer until she was up against her mother’s knees.  Her hair was disheveled and in her face, but she paid no heed.  “Momma.”  The sorrow was heavy in her voice.  “I thought you were doing better.  I thought you were going to be cured.”
Alana brushed aside the hair from Jacqueline’s face and looked into the eyes of her daughter, now red-rimmed and wet.  “I did as well, but it came back with a vengeance this time.”
“I don’t know what I am going to do without you, Momma.”  Jacqueline started to break down again.
“You’ll be alright.”
“No!  No, I won’t!”  She gripped her mother’s free hand in both of hers and held them to her chest.  “You are all I have in this world.”
“Sweety, you have friends, surely you have a boyfriend.”
“I don’t, Momma.  No real friends, certainly no one like you.  There is…”  She had started to say there was nobody, but she stopped, thinking of Mr. Gillette.  He was strong and understanding, he would help her get through it.  It seemed so impossible, so far out of reach.  Yet, hadn’t her mother told her to reach for the stars?
“Ahh.”  Alana smiled and again, in spite of the redness in her face, or maybe because of it, she was beautiful once again.  “See, I told you.  There is someone.  Tell me about him.”
“No.  Momma, let’s not talk about me right now.”
“I insist…you are all I have.  It makes me happy to think of you falling in love.”
Jacqueline smiled, as her face flushed.  “Not in love, just had lunch today.”
“Yes, but you don’t do lunch with men.  I can see it Jacky, I knew something was different when you came in the door today.  You are in love.  Tell me about him.”  Alana smiled.
Jacqueline turned and sat on the wooden rail and began to tell her mother about Timothy.

[↕]

The traffic had slowed somewhat on their street as Jacqueline finished telling her mother of her secret admiration of Mr. Gillette and finally of their lunch that afternoon.  In the quiet before the rush hour storm she spared no details concerning the strange occurrences that brought it about – that had always been their way.  They were straightforward about everything.  Her mother had shown concern when she heard of Lazzaro Belluchi and his shady dealings with her daughter’s company.  Yet, as the story progressed and finally ended Alana smiled and stretched her feet out toward the sunlight, letting it warm their tips.
“Sweety, you really have a thing for this man, your boss, don’t you.”
“Momma, I don’t know.  It was always a single-sided relationship, always taking place in my mind and heart until today.  I would only wish, but somehow always knew it was too much to wish for.”
“Not too much, only you underestimated yourself.”
Jacqueline laughed timidly, she knew what her mother was referring to and it embarrassed her.  “Momma, you know it’s not like me!  It came out of my mouth before I had a chance to even think, much more stop it.  I don’t know why I said it.”
“Ahhh.”  Her mother broke into laughter as well, only her’s wasn’t with any timidity.  “I wish I could have seen his face when you turned and walked away.  ‘I will always wait for you’ was it?”  Her mother ended with a chuckle and squeezed her daughters arm.
“Yes.  Something of that sort.”  Instantly, Jacqueline’s face turned red as she rehearsed it once again in her mind.  She had turned away so quickly, not from boldness, but from shock and embarrassment at what had come out of her mouth.  She imagined Mr. Gillette was just as shocked.  She too wished she could have seen his face, but from a distance or even by using whatever means Lazzaro had used to snoop on people on the elevator.
They both sat for a second, each absorbed in their own thoughts, with a slight smile on their faces.
They heard a car stop in front of the house and with its motor running.  They could hear the air conditioner compressor kicking on and off.  Both Jacqueline and Alana looked at each other with a mystified look.  Jacqueline had been to her mother’s enough to know that there was only one parking spot left on this section of the street, that was the one behind her Camry, the neighbor’s spot.  He didn’t get home until 5:30 during the week.
Jacqueline pushed off the railing with both hands and lightly landed on her feet from her position.  She turned and leaned out from the small porch, trying to see past the bush that sat at the corner of the house, slightly obscuring her view.
“Who is it dear?”  Her mother asked.
“I don’t know.  I can’t see past your lilac bush.”
Her mother started to rise, but Jacqueline waved her down.  “I’ll go look.”  She went down the three steps and onto the flagstones that dotted a path around the house, being careful not to step in the grass with her house shoes – she didn’t want to track clippings into the house.  She shouldn’t have worried.
Just as she was about to round the lilac, she caught a glimpse of the car and a gasp escaped her mouth.  She immediately turned back and sprinted back on the porch.
“What is it Jacky?  You face is pale.”
“Momma, it’s him!”
“Your Mr. Gillette?”  A smiled flickered at the edges of her mouth.
“No!  It’s that Lazzaro, the terrorist guy, whatever he is.”
Her mother instantly became agitated.  “What do you think he would be doing here?”
“Momma, Timothy said my phone had been hacked into and I could be traced; that I needed to put it in a sink full of water.”
“Did you do it?”
“No, I couldn’t bear the thought.  I turned it off instead.”
“Jacky, Jacky, you must learn to do as you’re told.  Especially, if the man you love knows what he is talking about.”
Again Jacqueline waved her mother off again.  “He must be looking for me.  I wonder why he is just sitting there?”  Then it hit her.  “He doesn’t know which house I am in.  He must be trying to figure it out.”
“Jacky, dear you have got to get out of here!”  Her mother pulled her sleeve.  “I have a bad feeling about this.”
“How?  He is parked right behind my car!”
Her mother pivoted herself in the wicker chair and slipped a hand into her house coat.  She pulled out her cell phone.  She motioned with it toward the alley way.  “Go that way and walk a few blocks then call your Mr. Gillette or catch a cab.”  She handed the phone toward Jacqueline.  “Take it!  Go!”
Jacqueline reached out for the phone, but didn’t move.  “What about you, Momma?”
“Don’t worry about me.  I am just an old, retired person that knows nothing of a sweet, beautiful woman.  Now hurry!”
Jacqueline was afraid.  Something wasn’t right with all of this.
They heard the motor shut off and then a car door shut.
“Go!”  Alana hissed.
Jacqueline bent down and gripped her mother in a bear hug.  “I love you!  Goodbye!”
“I love you, Jacky, with all my heart!  Goodbye!”
Jacqueline went off the back end of the porch and to the edge of the lawn.  She turned, but this time her mother waved her off.  She blew a kiss and her mother returned it with a brave smile.  Jacqueline disappeared from her view just past the trash cans stacked by the utility pole.
Alana leaned her head back and closed her eyes – she knew this feeling.  This was what she had felt the last time she had been with Jacky’s father.  When her nephew had come running to the house saying that there were Iraqi street soldiers walking down the road slowly, she had known.  They were coming for her love.  Now it was the same thing, but this time it was her other love, her daughter.
She thought she had heard something.  She opened her eyes and immediately saw him.  He was standing by the lilac bush.
“Hello.  Please don’t let me frighten you.”  He remained rooted to the spot.  His smile seemed genuine, but his eyes were searching everywhere; the windows, the back yard, the kitchen door.
Something about the voice, there was an accent that gave Alana an icy chill, but she rallied her courage and spoke clearly.  “Hello.  How can I help you?”
He smiled again and this time fixed her with a piercing gaze.  She suddenly felt fear.  There was something about this man that shook her to the core.  It was the eyes, there was something there that she recognized.
He finally spoke.  “I am looking for the Defray residence.  Have I found it?”
It went against her grain, but as her heart pounded in her throat, she lied.  “I don’t believe so.  I don’t know anybody by that name.”
He laughed.  Laughed!  It was a short wicked laugh.  Sweat began to trickle down her back.
“You must be Alana Defray.”  He walked toward the porch.  “Please don’t lie to me.”  He tilted his head to one side, like he was trying to figure something out.  “You see, I have Googled your daughter’s name and you came up.  I then confirmed your address as I sat in front of your house.  This is the Defray residence.”  Suddenly, he straightened his head up and a sudden flame came into his eyes.  “Defray!”
Unexpectedly, she thought of that day on the street of Iraq and it flashed in her mind like it was branded there.  She saw the hook and loop patch as it rested on the chest of the soldier wearing the desert digital camo.  DEFRAY.  She took a deep breath and tried to keep her vision from blacking out.  She could feel the blood drain from her face.  It was him!  It was the boy in the street that had spit upon her and cursed her in the name of Allah!  It was impossible, but she knew it with everything in her.  Nothing was the same, but the eyes and a slight twinge of the accent – had she not been Iraqi herself she wouldn’t have noticed the slight influence of Arabic on his tongue, but it was there.
He stepped onto the porch and towered over her frail body; the smile on his face was pure evil.
“Allah wills it!”  Perverse triumph darkened his face.
“I know nothing of Allah.”  Alana had walked away from Islam long ago to embrace a more merciful and loving God.
He simply smiled.  “You will.”  He looked at the kitchen door and then spoke again.  “I will deal with you after I find her.”  He stepped toward the door and then turned.  “If you try to warn her, I will kill her.  Understood.”  He received a slow nod from her pale face.  He twisted the knob and pushed the door open.

[↕]

It was a small kitchen, but neat.  He was instantly overwhelmed with the smell of chai tea.  It hit him like a hammer blow and he released the door knob and stood in the open doorway.  For several seconds he couldn’t move, but simple stare and take the smell in.  It transported him back in a bittersweet time travel.  He breathed it in and for a second closed his eyes.  It was just like he remembered from his childhood.  It brought back the joy of his boyhood and then that memory was washed with the blood of his uncles.  He saw their bodies in the street.  He heard the wail of his aunt as she lay over the body, kneeling on the half-empty AK-47 beside his body.  They had tried to ambush some soldiers.  Combined with the smell and the memory, for the first time in nearly twenty years, he could feel the hot tears forming in his eyes.  He clenched his jaws and flung the door shut.  It slammed against its hinges, the blinds swaying and banging.
Then he saw the iphone sitting on the counter.  It had led him here.  She was here.  He began his search of the small house.

[↕]

Alana sat in the chair frozen with horror.  Her body began to shake from the shock and strain of the last few seconds after the door slammed.  She didn’t know how, but she knew in her soul that this was that young boy who had cursed her in the street and spat upon her after he had been stopped from taking her groceries – all because she did not have on a burka.  It was almost like a dream.  No, like a nightmare.  It is impossible!  She kept saying over and over in her mind, but she knew it was reality.  What a twist of fate!  Instead of him getting her, cancer had.  Now he was after her daughter.  We’ll see about that!  She pushed her way out of the wicker chair and looked around for a few minutes for some sort of a weapon.  She didn’t care anymore.  She was dying.  Dying?  She would be dead in a matter of days.  She was so weak she could hardly stand, but she pressed on.  How long did she have?  Two or three minutes maybe, no more.  She looked for anything that could be a weapon; her pruning shears or hand rake.  They were all inside the little shed around the back of the house.  Too far.  She needed to be ready for him when he came out the kitchen door.  Her eyes fell on the potted plant that she had just presented Jacqueline.  It was glazed pottery and it was heavy with moist soil.  She went over and picked it up and then stood out of view just beside the door.  With her strength beginning to ebb she hoisted it above her head and waited.

[↕]

Ashid had searched the house.  Jacqueline wasn’t here.  She had been here there was no doubt.  He had found a pair of blue high heels by the living room door – no way that old woman would be wearing those in her shape.  Old woman.  She did look old, but he knew that she couldn’t be as old as she looked.  He went back into the occupied bedroom and looked again at the rows of bottles on the dresser.  They were all medicine of some kind he didn’t care to read the labels.  The sheer quantity told him what he needed to know.  The woman was sick.  Very sick.  He checked the closet again.  Nothing.  The house was small and if there were a place to hide he would have found it.  The daughter had gone.  He went back to the living room and looked out the window.  The red Camry was still there parked in front of the Audi.  Where then?  He had her phone; she couldn’t call.  The old woman’s phone!  He looked around, but didn’t see it.  She either had it or had given it to Jacqueline.  He would find out.  He made his way back to the kitchen and passed the short hallway which had a window facing the alleyway.  The alley.  She must be hiding in the alley.  He grabbed the phone and shoes and started for the kitchen door.  He would find out soon enough.  He paused one more time his hand on the knob and took in a deep breath of the chai spice still laden in the air.  There were days when he longed for home.  He hated Russia with its cold winters and its vodka-induced arrogance.  The winters were too long and too cold.  He shook his mind clear and turned the knob, pulling the door open.

[↕]

Alana’s arms and legs were starting to shake and she could feel the strength ebbing out of her.  She was on the verge of collapsing when she heard the rapid footsteps across the linoleum floor, coming toward her.  She took a deep breath of fresh resolve and tensed her muscles.  The knob rattled.  She straightened slightly and bent her arms.  A few seconds delay and then the door was yanked inward.  She mustered every ounce of strength in her body and soul and started the pot on its menacing arc.  Just as a shoulder appeared and then the forehead the date palm gained terminal velocity and with all the might of a mother’s love, instinct and desire to protect behind it collided with Ashid Sadar’s forehead.

[↕]

Ashid was just about to speak a triumphant challenge when a blur of motion was captured from the corner of his right eye.  His hand started up, but something struck him with a crash that sounded in his brain like a clap of thunder before he could block.  He saw bursts of light at the edge of his vision and then started to black out.  Only a slight wheeze escaped his lips – no cry of pain or surprise, as he hurtled toward the short wooden railing.  Instinctively, he put out his hand, but knew somehow that he didn’t have the conscious coordination in his dazed condition to catch himself.  He smashed into the railing and it cracked loudly, but checked his fall.  He fell against it, leaning out over the lawn, suddenly nauseated.  He sagged down and hung precariously and finally vomited his lunch onto the grass.

[↕]

Alana collapsed into her chair and began to shake violently.  The exertion was all her body could take and she felt as though she didn’t even have the strength to breathe.  She watched as the man wretched on her lawn.  She smiled at her deed; it wasn’t going to stop him, but it was enough.  She had slowed him down and that’s what mattered.  She let her Jacky escape and this man wouldn’t catch her.
Her mind went back to her childhood and then raced back to when she met the love of her life.  It had been a good life.  There had been a few other men that she thought she loved, but found out there had been no one in her life that could replace James Defray.  She was too busy raising a daughter anyway.  She was happy.
Refocusing her gaze upon the man that was vomiting again, she had a thought.  I didn’t kill him, but neither is he going to kill me.  She thought of her Jacky in love and it caused her to smile once more.  She felt a pain in her chest. She placed her hand on her chest and took a deep breath.  It slowly escaped her lips and her eyes closed gently.  Alana did not take another breath.

[↕]

Ashid’s eyes were watering from the pain, the vomited, and the blood now running into them.  He finally overcame his nausea and stood up.  He was furious.  How could such a frail woman nearly kill him with what?  He looked at the ground and saw the broken pieces of the pottery and the small green stick lying in a pile of topsoil.  It looks like a small tree, he thought.  Something that he used to see when he was a child.  He couldn’t place it, but it was as if the pictures were in his mind.  He turned to the old lady and drew his pistol out.
“Think you are pretty smart don’t you?”  He stared.  Her eyes were closed and she acted as if she didn’t hear him.  “Are you listening to me?  It’s not going to stop me!  I’ll kill you and then go find your daughter.”  Something wasn’t right.  There was absolutely no response.  He held the pistol, aimed at her face a moment longer and then lowered the silenced barrel.  She wasn’t breathing.  He started to reach out, but revolted from the thought of touching her.  Finally, he put the gun away.  The woman was dead.  He had seen enough death to know.  It occurred to him suddenly that her final act was to deprive him of sadistic pleasure in revenge over twenty years old and also to give her daughter a headstart.
Ashid shook himself loose from gazing upon the woman, seeing for the first time how beautiful she must have been.  He went inside and straight to the sink.  Turning on the water he bathed the cut and knot on his head.  He cursed.  Man!  That hurt!  She could’ve killed me!  Then he considered that is what she probably meant to do.  He dried his head a kitchen towel.  Once again the smell of the chai overwhelmed his senses and as he dried off he suddenly felt the pangs of homesickness.  For better or for worse, Iraq was his home and for the first time he admitted to himself that he did miss it.  What is wrong with me?  His heart once again closed with fingers of ice and as he took one last look around the kitchen he went out.
He looked down on the figure, peacefully wilted in the chair and stood.
“Allah wills it.”  He finally spoke out loud.  He turned and stepped off the back porch and quickly jogged to the alley.  He looked both ways, but didn’t see anyone.  Yet, he knew.  She had gone down that way.  Right or left?  He stood for several seconds and then reasoned left, as it offered the quickest concealment from the view of the front lawn of the townhouse.  The other way would have required being in the open for much longer.  It was instinct.  When prey senses danger they are always so predictable.  He went quickly back to his car, using the other side of the house, avoiding the woman’s body.  There was something about the look on her face that caused him to doubt his direction and he didn’t want to entertain those thoughts.



Chapter 13 – 3:12 PM EST


“He’s moving toward her location.  No doubt about it.”  Chet replied to Mark’s question.
Mark Fetterman turned to Timothy.  “We are going to have to step on it, Gillette.  He is headed toward her.”
Tim chanced a quick glance over at Mark.  “Your man is sure?”
“Positive.  He’s on the same block.”
Chet broke through, interrupting their dialogue.  “Boss, she’s moving, must be running.  Her heart rate and respirations are way up.”  A click and the sound of the mouse wheel spinning.  “Yep.  She’s is headed down an alley; headed west.”
“Something’s up, Tim.”  Mark resorted to his first name.  “You are going to have to step on it!  Can you drive this thing?”
Tim moved his hands up to the 10 and 3 position and gripped the steering wheel hard.  “Have you ever been to Pahrump, Nevada?”
“Never.”  Mark was trying to figure out the on board navigation system of the Mercedes while Chet gave him the address of the house.
“You should.”  Tim hammered on the throttle.  The engine growled and rapidly increased its RPMs.  Mark was thrown back in the middle of reaching out and couldn’t hit the ‘Street Number’ button.
Tim began to weave in and out of traffic quickly leaving more and more behind as he pushed passed 50 mph.
Mark gave it up.  “Chet, two things as quick as possible.  First, directions.  Second, we need cover.  We can’t get pulled over at this point.  Can you throw a little glitch in?”
“Roger.”  Chet called back.  He resized the windows and put them side by side.  Then he ran a mini program that simulated glitches in displays.  Carefully, choosing the sequence to coincide with his bosses current direction.  He hit execute and then turned his attention back to his tracking system.  “Stay going north until you reach…uh…she’s turned south…probably…She turned again.  Just keep driving and I will guide you.”
Mark passed on the information and Tim nodded.  He pressed a button on the steering wheel.  “Turn your Bluetooth on and pair with my car.  That way I can get it in real time.”  Mark did and after a chime they could hear Chet clicking away in the background.  Tim looked down briefly when the number appeared on his dash display.  He looked back up on time to barely avoid a collision.  He jerked the wheel and they went around a truck stopped for a delivery with a squeal of tires.
“Whoa!”  Mark looked over at Tim.  He was gaining new respect for him.  He had all but shut his eyes and waited for the airbags to go off.
“How far away are we?”  Tim asked over the sound system.  Chet’s voice filled the interior.  “Well, if you keep doing 70 mph then you will be there in about two minutes.”  He clicked again.  “Turn at the next intersection and go two blocks.  My little program will keep you covered.  You only have to worry about the hard assets – actual street cops.”  Tim veered into an opening in the oncoming traffic and cut off the left lane turning traffic.  Horns blared all around him, but only for a few seconds and then they were out of range.  “She’s on the next street just north of you.”  Tim pressed hard on the brakes and prepared to turn.  It was a one-way street.  It only took an instant to decide.  He turned hard, drifting the corner into oncoming traffic.  “Just ahead.”

[↕]

“What do you mean we went off line?”  Shouted Sergeant Wilkins in the phone.  He had just got a call that their surveillance system had gone down on several streets.  This wasn’t supposed to happen.  He slammed down the phone without waiting for a reply and jumped up from his desk, nearly spilling his freshly brewed coffee.  He burst out of his office door and plowed through the hallway, proficiently avoiding any spills of the liquid life.  He came to the door marked ‘Street Surveillance’, bumped his card hanging from the lanyard against the reader, heard the beep and twisted the handle.  He was greeted by an entire wall of screens randomly blinking, some black, and others frozen.  The scene was chaos and babble.  Technicians were on the phone and madly typing and clicking away at their console computers trying to figure out what had happened.
“What’s going on here?”  He would be glad when this day was over.  It had been a nightmare, from start to finish.  He came up behind Corporal Manning and listened in while he spoke into the telephone.
“Yes, that’s correct.”  Manning nodded.  “We tried that.  We rebooted twice, but it was only a matter of seconds before it began to occur again.”  He paused listening.  “Okay, that sounds good.  I’ll be here.”  He paused again, and then answered the question.  “I will ask the Sergeant about that.”
“About what?”  Wilkins bellowed behind him.  He had not gotten this far by finesse, but by pure drive in getting things done – no matter whose toes he stepped on.
Manning turned quickly and made eye contact with Wilkins, not seeming to be the least disturbed by the interruption.  “Hold just a minute, I will ask him.”  He pulled the receiver from his mouth and spoke over it to Sergeant Wilkins.  “The guys in Tech Maintenance wants to know if they can reach out to a couple of companies for this matter.  It has gone above their heads – they can’t figure it out.”
Wilkins started to frown, but then realized it wasn’t ignorance that generated the question, but a proper respect for the chain of command; he was in charge of this division.  “Yes, tell them to go for it.”
Manning slid the mouthpiece back up and gave the word and then turned and hung up the phone.  He turned around and waited for the hammer to fall…it didn’t.  Instead, his superior clapped him on the shoulder with his free hand and smiled.  “Good job!  That’s the way to get on a problem; get all over it and don’t give it a chance to breathe.”
Manning nodded and allowed a slight smile to come over his face.  “Yes sir, just like you taught me.”  He added for good measure to cement the compliment so that it couldn’t be taken back.  He understood what to do – he had been complimented by Sergeant Wilkins before.  One minute you were the greatest soldier of the civilian frontier and the next you were a piece of trash that couldn’t comb your hair right.  The man had been through it from what he understood; rough life and all.  Manning had to admit, in spite of all his callous ways, he didn’t miss anything and nearly always got the job done.  It was a quality that was indisputable and highly envied on the force, thus everyone put up with Wilkins.
Wilkins ended the moment by pushing past and stepping to the main console.  “Tell me exactly what it going on here?”
Dale Manning fell into step.  “It started about ten minutes ago.  First, it was just a screen or two and then we got those fixed, but it had already moved on to several more.  Finally, after about five minutes of chasing the problem around the room, I called you and then called the Tech guys back.”  He didn’t mention how quickly he had dialed the tech guys once the phone had been slammed down in his ear.  He knew he had better look efficient when Wilkins walked in the room.
“Okay.  Good.”  It appeared that Wilkins wasn’t listening; his eyes were sweeping the walls of monitors back and forth.  He finally turned to Manning.  “Show me on the map which camera displays were affected.”
Check.  Manning thought.  It didn’t matter how hard he had tried, he always was a step behind.  “Yes sir.  Give me just a second.”  He sat down and grabbed the mouse.  After a series of clicks and a minute of impatient tension waiting just over his shoulder, he had each camera highlighted on a map.  He was amazed by what he saw!
“Exactly!”  Wilkins expostulated and stood up ramrod straight.  He crooked his elbow and took a triumphant swallow of his steaming, black coffee.
Manning pivoted in his chair, waiting for an explanation.  None came.  He watched as his boss took another gulp of coffee.
“Corporal Manning?”
“Yes sir.”
“How would you like a promotion?”
“Very well.”
Wilkins never looked down, but kept his eyes fixed on the blinking mayhem of digital display.  “Then tell me what you see in front of you and why.”
Manning broke out in a sweat.  He knew what he saw, but not why.  He really needed to get this right.  He needed the money and wanted the promotion.  He turned back to the screen and stared, his mind an utter blank.  Manning could barely focus on the question, much less the answer.  He stared.  What he saw was a series of red dots that stretched across his screen, nearly in a north to south line.  The answer had to be there; the Sergeant had seen it immediately.  Also, he wouldn’t be asking if it wasn’t obvious…or maybe he would.  Manning wracked his brain, sifting back through the events of the day, trying to connect the dots and pieces.  Nothing significant other than the car chase had happened.  That was significant, but he didn’t see how it related.  He….  It hit him!  He suddenly had the answer!  He tried to appear calm and deducing.
“It appears we have another car chase on our hands.  This time somebody with some clout is pulling the strings to shield it from the eyes of New York’s finest.”
The slap on the back caught him off guard.
“There you go my boy!”  Wilkins let out a burst of laughter.  “Upon my word, tomorrow you shall have your promotion.”
Just then the phone rang.  He looked for direction.
“Answer it.”  He did.
He listened and then looked up at the screens.  “Yes, they are all still malfunctioning.”  A pause, then.  “A what?!”  He shook his head in disbelief.  He turned to the Sergeant.  “He says one of the companies he called said it was caused from a spike in voltage, they were working on the problem themselves.  I guess they are under contract to us.”
“What company?”  Another swallow of the black liquid.
He put the question to the phone and then gave the reply.  “Says it a company named TransGap Technologies, Inc.”
Wilkins only nodded.  Took a sip of the coffee and motioned for him to hang up the phone.
“Now, Corporal, let’s see how long it take for them to fix this ‘voltage spike’.”
It took exactly fourteen seconds.  One second the screens were wigging out and the next second all displays were functioning perfectly.  All with visible fluid motion. 
“That’s what I thought.”  Another swallow and then the cup was empty.  He set it down on the desk.  “Get a couple of officers to make some calls and find out if this voltage story is true or not.”  He turned without waiting for reply.  “I have got to make some calls myself.”  He walked out and headed back for his office.

[↕]

A minivan took to the sidewalk, nearly colliding with a utility pole, the driver could be seen screaming at them from inside, but the sound was nonexistent.  Tim saw that traffic was blocked completely now by two cars coming toward him side by side.  He slowed down and flashed his lights.  Neither car moved aside, but instead came to a complete and anguishing stop.  He flashed his lights again, but no avail.  Just then a narrow alleyway caught his view just as he went past.  He released the throttle and reached for the emergency brake, pressing the brake release button in preparation.  A slight turn of the wheel to the right, then back to the left and a sharp yank on the leather covered handle and suddenly their kinetic energy was channeled to the back tires and these began to slide on the asphalt following the swift change of center of gravity.  Just about two seconds and Tim lowered the handle and hammered the accelerator, completing the turn and converting the same kinetic energy into forward motion, but this time in the opposite direction.  Quickly then, while still under acceleration, the Mercedes punched through the cloud of smoke from the screaming tires and penetrated the alley way with another slide drifting into a right turn. 
Tim hazarded a glance at Mark and saw a calm-faced man with a slight grin on his face.  Gillette glanced back up and zipped through the narrow passageway between dumpsters, trash cans, and stacked pallet flats.
“Whoa!  What happened?”  They had nearly forgotten about Chet, but now his voice came over the entire sound system.
“We made a U-turn.”  Tim replied.
“Man it looks like you did a quantum leap!  Your blip was going one direction and then literally leapt across the screen and was going completely a different direction.  Amazing!”  Chet laughed.  “Incidentally, turn right when you get of that street and you are less than a block away.”
“Roger.”  What all of the hazard could not do, the thought of being this close to Jacqueline made Tim’s heart start to pound.
“Uh, oh.”  They heard Chet over the speakers.  “She stopped and is turned around and going the other way!”
Tim gunned the motor.  “Chet is there a street cam?  Can you check and see if there is traffic when we get close.”
A few clicks and …. “There is.  You got four, no five cars and then an opening.  First one looks dark colored.”
Just then it went by the alley opening.
“One.”  Three more quickly followed suit.  They were reaching the end of the alley at a rapid clip.  Where was the fifth car?  He was just about to ask when it went by.  Just in time.  Tim braked slightly and took the turn in a slide, missing his lane, but correcting quickly enough to gain the closest lane to the sidewalk.

[↕]

The sound of squealing tires caused Jacqueline to turn and her heart to jump.  She hoped it wasn’t their bad guy.  What she saw was a black Mercedes fishtail, as it veered toward the sidewalk.  She heard the engine growl as it regained control and now rocketed forward.  The car veered to the near lane.  She was frozen in midstride, watching, fascinated by the driver’s obvious skill.  As she stared, transfixed, the car approached, and to her amazement, screeched to a stop.  The door opened and before she could see beyond the dark tinted window a hand waved at her over the top and someone called her name.
“Miss Jacqueline!  Over here quick!”
She was unable to move from the shock until a head appeared above the glass.  Mr. Fetterman!
It was Gillette’s car!  She couldn’t believe it!  How did he know?  She wondered.  Then she remembered the tracking device glued to her back.  She hadn’t expected him and so didn’t even recognize the car.
She quickly ran to the car, her slippered feet brushing the concrete with whispers.  Fetterman stepped out of the way and pointed into the car’s interior.  She slipped past him and looked inside.  There was Tim smiled broadly at here behind the wheel.
“Jump in!”  He pointed to the console.  “I apologize, it’s a coupe.  Do you think you could sit there?”
She frowned and then thought of the alternative.  She quickly slid in and then scooted herself over and slipped onto the wide console.  Not bad.  She decided.
A horn blared behind them just as Mark slid in and shut the door.
Tim pressed down on the accelerator, there was a short chirp from the tires, and they were shooting forward.
“We got her Chet!”  Tim spoke out loud.
Jacqueline was on the verge of a question when she heard the voice over the speaker system.
“Roger!  Great job guys.”  A second and then, “Any sign of Sadar?”
“None.”  Mark replied.

[↕]

He hung up the phone and stared at the wall.  His gut feeling had been right, but now he had to decide what to do.  Sergeant Wilkins considered calling intel.  After everything that had happened that day he realized that this was not just a small deal.  Something was afoot.  The Audi with the man from DHS chasing the company car of TransGap Technologies.  Now a third party security firm confirming his suspicions – they had been hacked by TransGap Technologies.  He wasn’t certain of how deep the hack had gone or what the purpose was other than messing with their surveillance displays.
Just then the phone rang.
“Hello.”
“Just finished a complete analysis of the network.  You are clean.  There were no serious breaches and actually it appears that TransGap used their legal contract framework to access the system…for the most part.”  The voice held a secret.
“I see.  Please elaborate on the last statement.”
“We found where a small packet of metadata was accessed, nearly insignificant, but it had been touched and opened.”
Wilkins leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.  Okay, how bad is this going to be?  On his watch!  It had to happen to him.  This was not going to be contained at his level, his superiors would be involved.  Hopefully, his record could speak for itself as well as how he had handled the situation.  He spoke slowly.  “I’m all ears.”
“Well it appears that a specific search was done in our traffic light cam database.  It was looking for a specific license plate within a short time frame.  They found it and simply closed the metadata back up and walked their way out – very carefully.  It took some doing to find them, but we did.  First, we ran the same license plate through your system and came up with numerous hits today.  We also, saw where a check was done with the DMV on the one in question.  When this occurred the gal told us it was the third time today it had been run and asked if I wanted to know about the other plate.”
Wilkins groaned silently.  Nothing like the efficiency of the DMV gossip.  He didn’t interrupt.
“On a whim I said yes.  It came back on TransGap; we were floored!  There seemed to be a common thread so I went straight to the source and checked on the ISP for TransGap.  We were able to locate specific activity for that time frame where we lost the trail.  No doubt about it.  It was them.”
Wilkins opened his eyes and slowly exhaled.  He needed to contact the legal department to see if TransGap had broken any laws or their contract.  They were the top contractor for their systems and that did give them unlimited access.  He personally didn’t doubt that access was abused, but he had to build a court case before he acted.
“Thank you.  Your team has done an excellent job.  I will recommend your contract be renewed on a top tier basis.”
“Yes sir.  We want to do our job with excellence.”
Wilkins replaced the receiver and swung his feet up on the desk, once again, leaning back.  He folded his arms and closed his eyes.  Something was going on; it felt big.  Even bigger than what he knew right now or suspected.  He had felt this way when they had first got the call for an aircraft strike on the World Trade Center.  At the time it was suspected an accident, but he knew in his gut that it was much bigger.  This felt the same; much bigger than it appeared.  For a moment, he prayed.  God don’t let this be another attack on our nation.  So much had been done to prevent such an act ever happening again.  His own son had been killed in Afghanistan.  God, this is a mess.  What is happening to our nation?
He decided to follow a hunch.  So far his hunches for the day had been good.  Maybe TransGap was not the bad guys here.  Was it possible they were trying their best at their level to prevent something from happening?  Suppose they were trying very hard to avoid another terrorist attack of some sort?  Once he decided to accept that thought it opened up a new world of possibilities for him.  TransGap hadn’t gotten the top contract for NYPD surveillance by being an unreliable or even slightly shady company.  They were top notch, highly reputable and trustworthy.  This new premise made sense.  He had been too blinded by the chase to see it before.  What did they call that?  Target fixation.  That was what had happened.
He sat up, opening his eyes, and slammed his feet to the ground.  He was going to make a call; this time anonymously.
He found the number and dialed – from his cellphone.
“TransGap is thankful you called please press a number for the following departments.  For customer service, dial 1, for personnel dial 2, if you currently have a contract with us, dial 8, for administration staff dial 3, for …”  He tapped ‘3’.
“Thank you.  You have reached the Administration Staff of TransGap Technologies, your call may be monitored or recorded.  You will be connected in just a moment…”  It rang twice.  “Hello, this is Adam how may I help you?”
“Yes sir, Adam.  I have a very important question that needs an answer.”
“I will do anything that I can to assist you.”  Came the canned reply.
“Who is in charge of your surveillance division?”
 “That sir, is ran by a board, I would be happy to give you their contact information and you could email them with any…”
Wilkins didn’t ease in, but went for the throat.  “I cannot give you my name, but understand one thing Mister, I can make your life and that of your company a whole lot more difficult within about two phone calls if you don’t tell me who.  I work for the city of New York and have that capability.”
“Uh…sir…I am not authorized to…”
“Then connect me with someone who is authorized.  The sooner the better.”  He lowered his pitch a notch.  “This is not a threat.  This is an opportunity to save your company some huge legal explanation.  I suggest you move this to the top of your list for right now.”
“Yes sir.”  The canned reply was gone.  He had gotten through to the man.  “I will connect you right now…”
Wilkins interrupted him.  “Give me the number.”
“Sir, I can’t.  I am not…”  A pause then.  “Yes sir.  I am taking a big risk, but here it is.”  He repeated the number as Wilkins wrote it down.
“It’ll pay off, Son.  You did the right thing.”  He hung up and stared at the phone number on his notepad.  Here goes.  He was taking a big risk, but he was used to that.  He dialed.

[↕]

Mark felt his phone vibrating in his pocket.  Probably Chet again.  “Excuse me.”  He jockeyed his shoulder around trying not to come into too much contact with Jacqueline.  It was difficult as she was crammed between them, hanging on to the back of the headrests as Mark made his way through the stop and go traffic.  He reached for the phone and looked at the screen.  It was a New York area code.
“Hello, this is Mark Fetterman.”
“Mr. Fetterman, I’ll cut to the chase.  This is Sergeant Wilkins with NYPD surveillance.  We need to talk about today.”
Mark didn’t reply, but waited.
“I see you know what I am talking about.  Mr. Fetterman, we have a problem on this end, but I have been doing some thinking and I believe you and I are on the same page.”
“I am not sure what you mean.”  There was no point in acting as if he didn’t know why he was making the call.  Somehow, they had messed up or Chet didn’t clean up his tracks well enough.  The next statement in his phone answered his question.
“I operate, sometimes by my gut feeling.  This is one of those times.  I could have taken this to the Captain and even higher, but I have the feeling that there is something big going on and that you guys are trying to help.”
Finally, Mark felt somewhat relieved.  He could talk to this man.  “You would be right on both counts.”
“Look, Mark, the last thing I want to do is start up a legal process and cause trouble for you.  Tell me what you can and I will see what I can do to help, if I can.  If you don’t or if I can’t it will have to go higher which would be a pain for both of us.”
Mark took a deep breath.  They were sitting at a red light.  Both Tim and Jacqueline looked over quickly at him.  He returned their gaze with a look of worry.  Tim whispered, “What’s wrong?”  Mark covered the phone and whispered.  “We’ve been had.”
“Mr. Wilkins, our company has many, many contracts for surveillance and security.  We certainly don’t want to lose NYPD, but under the circumstances my current contract goes even higher than you.  It involves the military; I am limited to what I can say.”
“What about the Department of Homeland Security?”  Wilkins interjected.
“Not that I know of…”  Fetterman looked at Tim with an even more worried look on his face.
“Okay.  We’ll play that game.  I’ll give you one and you give me one.”  Wilkins understood where this was going.  “We know of your street racing escapades of today.  We have one of your cars evading another on street camera.  We have record of a tow, but we saw no one but an umbrella-toting man walking away from the vehicle.”  Mark resisted the urge to laugh.  The light turned green and they started to move.  Wilkins continued.  “Need I continue?”
“So far so good, from what I know.”  Mark replied with a grin.
“From what you know, huh?”  Wilkins didn’t resist the urge to laugh, but let it go with a hearty stress-relieving guffaw.  “It was probably you driving the car.”
Mark didn’t commit.
“Look, here is where we need to agree.”  Wilkins took a breath.  “Just give me the assurance that you are not up to illegal activity and are working in the best interest of your contracts and in those of the NYPD’s.  I don’t think you have legal standing for using our assets as yours for financial gain and that puts you in a boatload of trouble.”
“Mr. Wilkins.  What we are doing involves all of us.  It is a matter of not just military secrets, but national security.  We are doing everything in our power to bring things to a rapid resolution.”
“Just don’t let your pride get in the way.  We are talking about the nation, boy.  If you need to involve us or other agencies, don’t try to hog the glory.”  Mark started to speak, but Wilkins continued in a low, threatening voice.  “And whatever you do, Mark…don’t mess this up.  I was there on 9/11 and my son gave his life in Afghanistan.  Our blood has paid for this country…don’t let us down.”
“I was in Iraq, two tours.  Rest assured Sergeant, we won’t let you down.”
“Alright, then.”  Wilkins blinked away the tears that unexpectedly formed in his eyes at his mentioning of his son.  “One more thing…”
“Yes sir.”
“Call me on this number if you need anything.”
“Will do.”  Mark disconnected the call and looked over at Gillette.  “That was the NYPD.  They’ve painted us Tim.  Sounds like they know everything; maybe we should make a few phone calls and turn this thing over to them and DHS.”
Tim didn’t reply.  Mark watched as he stared in his driver side mirror.
“What’s up?”  Fetterman asked.
“I think it’s in our lap for a few more minutes.”
Mark craned his neck down and looked out his mirror.  He finally found it.  The blue Audi TT was three cars back.

[↕]

Ashid Sadar had just rounded the corner on the opposite side of the street when Timothy Gillette had come barreling out of the alley.  He watched as the car slid to a stop and then had spotted Jacqueline.  They got to her first!  He cursed and then calmed down as he went into the turn lane.  He didn’t think they had seen him and they wouldn’t.  He quietly made a U-turn and keeping his distance followed as the car took off up the street, turned and making its way back south.
Now he was sitting behind them at a red light.



Chapter 14 – 3:34 PM EST


The Yury Dolgoruky had come to the continental shelf some time ago and was now creeping its way up the continental slope.  They were waiting for a shipping vessel to come within range upon their bearing.  If the last eight hours had been tense, these moments were sheer torture.  All comfort equipment had been shut off as they rigged for running silent.  The men didn’t move at their stations, they barely breathed, as the sweat beaded on their faces and soaked their shirts, darkening them.
Passive sonar operators were desperately trying to make sense of the surface traffic all around them.  Their orders were specific, but its execution broad.  They were to find the noisiest vessel going their direction and plot its heading, passing it on electronically to the bridge.  Once this was done their job was easier but not over.  They must listen for any active sonar activity and report it immediately.
Captain Kulegin outward calm, but his insides were quite literally quivering.  This was a game of the highest stakes.  There was no second chance.  It was entirely possible his submarine wouldn’t even survive.  He watched their real-time calculated movements on the screen.  Earlier he had made the decision to launch a satellite buoy to the surface from just below periscope depth once they had hit the continental slope.  It was a huge risk, but if he didn’t know exactly where he was then there would be absolutely no way to ensure success.  With the new fix data they had updated their mainframe and quickly reeled in the buoy and resumed movement, starting slowly up the continental slope.
He watched as the needle pointed inland.  The virtual ocean floor moving beneath the ship’s icon.  For the first time he began to doubt their success.  Yes, he knew that he, the ranking staff, and the entire crew had been handpicked for this mission.  His record was clean and he was a loyal Russian.  Where he had doubted the need for a SPA agent before he suddenly began to understand the need for them.  Even he, loyal, hardened by years of service, committed to the success and ultimate triumph of Mother Russia was starting to have his doubts about the sanity of all this.  As if on cue the door to the bridge opened and Lieutenant Kerkov strode in, his hour of power having finally arrived; his true purpose before him.  He walked to the Captain and spoke arrogantly in a louder than necessary voice.
“How are we doing on our progress Captain?”
In spite of himself the Captain turned and acknowledged Kerkov with a quick nod.  “We are right on course.  Just as planned.  We may be a few minutes off until they can find a suitable vessel to follow to our service range.”
“Make it only a few and then we go with or without a blundering escort.  It won’t matter in one hour anyway.”  He virtually spat the words out in utter contempt for what he perceived as weakness in Kulegin.
“We can do that, but one hour is too much time out.  The response would come too soon for our purposes.”
Kerkov was skeptical.  “As you think, but we are too be delayed no longer than 15 minutes.”  Then he added.  “Once we find a ship you must re-launch the buoy.  I am waiting for a very important message.”
The Captain’s eyebrows went up, but he said nothing, only stared intently at the icon on the screen.  He had lost control of his ship.  He was all but a harbor pilot at this point – the real commander was standing at his elbow.  He wondered what message Kerkov could be waiting for that was important enough to run the risk of compromising the entire mission.
Kerkov grunted and turned on his heel and walked out of the control room, in utter contempt of the Captain’s orders that no one was to move about.
Sonar suddenly found what they were looking for.  “Heavy freighter moving west-northwest.”  He spoke quietly into his headset.  Each officer in the control room heard it clearly over his headset.  There was a very quiet shifting of feet, as if in applause of the sonar man and backs straightened, shoulders were drawn back, as they awaited the order to intercept course.
Captain Kulegin pulled his mic boom down.  “Intercept course.”  He spoke even before the number appeared on the Executive Officer’s display.
“Aye.”  Came the quiet reply.
The calculations came through and they all saw the virtual ship appear on the screen plotting a course set by the sonar room’s calculations.  Immediately, the XO began to calculate a solution.  It was completed and appeared on the Captain’s screen.  He looked over at Captain Kulegin.  The Captain was staring at him.  They locked eyes and the Kulegin nodded his head.
The sub began a slow turn, avoiding as much cavitations as possible.  After a few minutes the turn completed, they stabilized and accelerated slightly to the necessary speed.
Kulegin disobeyed his own orders and quietly tiptoed from the room.  One hour.   He thought to himself.  Then what?  The whole world would change that’s what.  History would take a stuttering step forward and then stagger, turn and fall!

[↕]

Sergeant Wilkins stared at the bottom of his empty coffee cup and contemplated just one more.  After several more long seconds he finally decided against it.  He had had enough.  That phone call rattled him.  Had he just let that man, Mark Fetterman, off the hook?  Was he taking a risk that could mean his job?  For a moment he considered that.  He decided that he was risking his job, but as he ran over the ramifications in his mind, he concluded that he didn’t care.  He was done.  Things were getting too out of hand for him.  On one hand he understood the policies and procedures they had undertaken in recent years.  Law enforcement was difficult and dangerous work, but it wasn’t war!  Or was it?  He pondered this and decided it was a war of sorts.  The good ‘ol days were gone.  The days when Johnny Boy was taught right from wrong and only the steady percentage of society went bad.  Now it was mayhem.  Criminals everywhere.  Terrorism brewing in the back yard.  It wasn’t just violent behavior that their department was tasked with, but the endless list of illegal activities.  Activities that, when he started out, were isolated to that marginal percentage, but now everyone was doing something illegal!  It’s the verge of anarchy, Wilkins told himself.  It was.  There was no respect for the law, certainly not the officers of its enforcement.  What a joke!  He could finger no less than twenty people on the force that he knew were on the take.  It had become a shell game.  Credibility was something that wasn’t earned only insisted upon by the powers that be.  When a cop got too obvious in his corruption, he got a transfer to a new precinct – one where the street thugs didn’t know him well enough to spread the word of his complicit ways.
“What a joke!”  Wilkins slammed the coffee cup down on the desk.  The conversation had clouded his mind.  All he could think about was his son that gave his life for this country and the freedoms that it used to hold.  Those freedoms that only lived on in the conscientiousness of the few and the brave.  One more generation.  Wilkins admitted to himself.  And they will never know the American way of life!
He stood and walked to the small office window looking out over the bustle of the precinct section.  This had been his job, his mission, for years now, but he wasn’t so sure anymore.
Come on Wilkins!  Get ahold of yourself!  He was a cop.  Period.  That was his calling.  Yes, he was off the street, but in his heart he was still fighting for the law and what was right.  He turned around and was walking back to his desk when the phone rang.  He reached over from the front and picked up the receiver.
“Sergeant Wilkins.”  He nodded as the voice on the other end spoke.  “Yes sir, Captain.  I’ll be there.”  He hung up and stared at the phone.  There was an emergency meeting in five minutes in the ranking conference room.  He was to be there.

[↕]

“What do you want me to do?”  Timothy looked across at Mark.
“What is it?”  Jacqueline could tell something was wrong.
“Give me a second to think about it.  Just keep driving like you have no idea.”  Mark kept his eyes glued to the side view mirror as he craned his neck to keep the Audi in his vision.
“Will someone please tell me what you are talking about!”  Jacqueline raised her voice a notch.
“We are being followed.”  Mark spoke first, never moving his eyes.
“What?  Again?”  Jacqueline’s voice cracked.
“I am afraid so.”  Timothy chimed in, lamely.
“What is going on?”  Jacqueline started to cry.  This whole day was getting to her!  Everything was wrong.  She wished she could just close her eyes and open them and it would be all a bad dream.  Her mother would be well, there would be no Lazzaro, or whomever, no spying, tapped phones, or cameras on elevators for God’s sake!  What was this world coming to?  What was America coming too?  Maybe I should go back to Iraq?  She thought.
As if in reply, Tim reached up and laid his hand on top of hers.  She jerked it free and wiped the two tears that had slid down her cheeks.
“Sorry.”  Tim said.
“That’s it?  Sorry!”  She wiped more tears.  “I want to know what is going on!”  She clenched her fist held it in her lap.  “Why me?  Why today?”  She wiped more tears.
Tim tried again.  “Jacqueline, I don’t have the answer, but I truly am sorry…for your sake.”
“For my sake?  What is that supposed to mean?”  She was being unreasonable and she knew it, but there was no stopping it.  The dam was bursting and she could only watch the cascading emotions tumble forth.
“You weren’t supposed to be involved.  You never signed up for it.”
“What are you talking about!!?!”  She pounded her fist on the dashboard.  “Look, Mr. Gillette.  If you care one whit about me, as…as…as a person.”  She had started to say ‘woman’, but stopped herself.  “Then you will tell me what you are talking about and what is going on.  First, I find out that I am working for a company that is in the sights of some hackers and terrorists, and then my phone is hacked.  Oh wait!  First I found out that I have been spied on since working for you every time I move or get in the elevator.”  She gave a withering look to Gillette.  He kept his eyes between the road and the cars behind him.  “Do you know what that is like?  A woman needs her privacy and a bunch of perverts are watching her every move.  It isn’t any better than TSA and its ‘back scatter’ machines.”  She was worked up now.  “What’s the purpose!?”
“I…”  Tim started to say he had told her at lunch.
“Oh, I know, you told me, but I don’t buy it!  I smell a fish somewhere and it’s rotten!  That’s why I quit flying.  Bunch of voyeurists from the trailer park off in some room in a third-rate uniform looking at women and men naked on a screen.  I don’t buy it!  It’s not about security!  It’s about politics and money!”  She eased back for the moment expended, breathing deeply as she tried to gain control of her emotions.  “I have done some research of my own.  Those machines were made by a company that had very close political ties to current Senators and their relatives.  Two hundred thousand a pop adds up to some pretty fat profits and lobbying expense.”  She took a deep breath.
Unflustered, Tim quietly spoke up.  “You’re absolutely right.”
Jacqueline started back up.  “Of course I am!”  She leaned forward in the cramped space until she nearly had her nose in the rear view mirror.  “They can spy on us, read our emails, like you were saying, hack our phones, tap our lines, rob us of privacy, but somehow they can’t seem to find a cure for cancer!”
Mark’s head snapped around at this and a look of perplexity came over his face.  Tim shared the same expression as he exchanged glances with him.
“Cancer?”  Mark finally broke the spell.  He looked up at Jacqueline.
“Yes.”  Jacqueline said flatly, in monotone.  “Just before I ran down the alley behind my mother’s place, she told me that she had less than two weeks to live.  They had tried everything and she wasn’t going to beat it.”  Jacqueline sank back again and stared blankly out of the windshield.
Tim reached his hand up again and laid it lightly across her still clenched fist.  “Jacqueline.  I am sorry.  That’s terrible!”  A moment of silence followed.  She didn’t pull away, but neither did she acknowledge his words or his gesture.  “I lost my mother to cancer seven years ago.”  Tim finally said.  Jacqueline looked over at him with a question on her brow.  He was serious.
“I am sorry Tim.”  Was all she said and uncurled her fist and upturned her palm into his.  She gave it a hard squeeze and released his hand.  Tim pulled back and replaced both hands on the steering wheel as the car in front came to a hard stop.  “I was only thinking of myself at the moment.”
“It’s completely understandable.  No hard feelings.”  Timothy looked behind him for the blue Audi.  It was still there three or four cars behind.  They started forward again.
“Gillette.”  Mark spoke up.
“Yeah?”  Tim eased forward with traffic.
“He’s parking.”
“What?”
“I know man, but I am watching it right now.”
Tim tried to see the car, but couldn’t locate it.  “I can’t see him.”
“He’s on my side.  He’s parked, but just sitting there.”
It was silent for a moment as they eased forward with the green light.
“I don’t like it.”  Timothy said.
“Me neither.”  Mark agreed.
“Mr. Gillette.”  Jacqueline spoke quietly, calmly.  “I haven’t forgotten.  If you don’t tell me what this is all about then I am going to claw my way out of this car and walk over to him and ask him.”
“That wouldn’t be wise.”  Was Tim’s evasive reply.
“I don’t care at the moment.”  Tim turned and looked at her.  She was serious.
“I wouldn’t mind knowing a little more myself.”  Mark spoke up.
Tim took a deep breath.  “Okay.  It could mean my job, but I trust you both.”  He waited for a reply, but was met with patient silence.  “We were engineering a software program, highly complex and deeply mathematical.  It is based on six main server clusters and four back up servers from the east to the west coast.  The programs job was to run complicated algorithms and synchronize exact manipulation of the civilian and military satellite Global Positioning Systems over the continent.  Beyond that it though it had to be exact throughout the land-based GPS towers as well.  Think Lowrance – now ‘officially’ retired.”
“For what?”  Mark was puzzled.
“For a missile strike against the U.S.”  The answer was all but clear.
“A what?”  Jacqueline asked lost in the jargon.
“A strike from a nuclear missile.  Virtually anything that moves now can connect to the civilian GPS.  Phones, TomToms, cars, you name it.  This is how missiles initially locate their target.  Prior to launch the target data is fed into the missile’s system and then it is launched.  Once airborne, it no longer has connection with the silo or weapons system, but activates its own radar and guidance system.  This immediately acquires an approximate fix and then narrows the margin of error as it locks onto more and more satellites, civilian and military, foreign and domestic.  Yet, before it enters its terminal phase of warhead separation it had to confirm its trajectory and glide paths for separate warheads if it is a MRV.”
“What’s a merv?”  Jacqueline asked.
“M.R.V.  stands for multiple reentry vehicles.  It is several nuclear warheads packed into the missile, each capable of taking out a city the size of L.A. or New York.  Their final approach is not guided, but on a glide path.  Once it reaches this stage there is no way to stop it.”  Tim cleared his throat and plowed on.  “Laser packing planes are capable of intercepting missiles and disabling them within ten seconds, but are too slow in deployment and would have to be airborne before it was known a missile was launched and dispersed throughout the continent and beyond.  We don’t have enough and our current administration and congress would never approve the budget to keep such a fleet going if we did have enough armed 747’s.
“Hence, my design for a latent alternative.  All ICBMs, or intercontinental ballistic missiles, require a critical data fix before terminal phase.  At this stage they confirm the satellite data with the ground-based data.”
“What?”  Mark stared at Gillette.
“Yes.  Satellites are hurtling through space at ten thousand miles per hour and while they are highly accurate ground based systems never move and are absolute in relationship to the earth.  Missiles need this critical data.  Right now there is an attempt by the Russian government, by a front corporation to build their own land-based systems right here in America!  This is their reason why.  They know of this vulnerability to their missiles.”
“You gotta be kidding me!”  Mark’s mouth hung open.
“Serious as a heart attack.  And.”  Tim fueled the incredulity.  “It looks like our current administration is going to roll over and let them do it.”
Fetterman was getting madder by the second.  He said nothing only clenched his jaw and stared ahead.
Tim continued.  “What my program would do is coordinate each server, which is synchronized by a cesium atomic clock, to activate critical manipulations of the entire system.  Civilian, Military, weather, and ground based at the same exact instant with the same exact reading.”
“Unbelieveable!”  Mark whispered.
“And difficult, but highly effective.  We would send every device relying on our systems the same exact false reading simultaneously; all within a few seconds of a missile launch detection.  It’s computer guidance system would have no choice but to believe it.  This would be done at a critical time causing extreme flight compensation that would either disable terminal phase or send the MRV’s so far off target that their desired effect would be hugely nullified.  People would die, but tens of thousands, not millions.”
“That’s wild!”  Mark was impressed.  “What about planes and jetliners?”
“That’s the risk we have to take.  A reading that far off would send any pilot immediately into visual mode.  The casualties would be very minimal.  I would rather get lost in the city than lose the entire city, right?”
“Exactly.”  Mark agreed.
Jacqueline turned to one and then the other and asked a question that caught both of their attention.  “If this is what this terrorist wants, then I would have to wonder why?  Why is he so desperate to get it now?”
Mark and Tim locked eyes.  This was a good question, the best question.  The only relevant one.
“I don’t know.”  Tim finally answered; he surged forward with the green light.  “The technology is only useful to us in its present condition.  Yes, it could be reverse-engineered and implemented in other nations and continents for the same purpose, but they could do that without stealing it.”  Tim thought for a moment and then grew very sober as a revelation hit him.  “I think I understand.”  He said suddenly.
Both Jacqueline and Mark looked over as they waited for an explanation.
“Remember how we wondered why he didn’t just take it from me, Mark, when he waylaid me in the subway station?  Or why he didn’t just shoot me this morning in my office?  Or since he had access to the company computers, why he didn’t just pull the critical program data from each engineer’s computer?”  Tim paused.  “They don’t want the program.  They want to know if it is active.  They want me.  I am the only one that could confirm or deny or deactivate the program from their standpoint.  They want to know if it can stop a strike.”
“My God!”  Mark nearly choked.  “You mean…?  Is it active?  Can it?  You don’t think…”
“I do.  I was supposed to meet with the DoD today, but then this guy showed up in my office and told me to cancel the meeting.  Said he had it from the corporate vice-president.  The bottom line is they don’t want the system up and running for some reason!”  Tim was even graver.  “Mark, we got to get out of the city…today!”
“I’m with you.”
“Ashid told me he had a flight tonight at six o’clock that he couldn’t miss.  That must mean we have until then.”
“Why not contact the DHS and the Pentagon and tell them what we suspect.  Maybe they could get your program online.”
“Possible.  It is fully capable and in place, but hasn’t received the green light so is inactive.  Mark, you know how slow the government moves.  It would never happen in time if a strike is to come in two-and a half hours.”
“I didn’t say the government.  Politicians will never save this country.  I said the Pentagon and DHS.”  Mark was frustrated now with their problem…beyond frustrated…desperate.  “I am willing to try.”
“It wouldn’t work.  It lacks one vital component that not even the President, should he be willing, could make happen fast enough.  Our program has to be perfectly tied in and synchronized to the missile defense radar systems.  It has to know there is a missile launch, where the missile is, and where it is headed.  Only the military can do that.  Integration would be a weeks-long project.  It’s not possible.”  The air was leaden with the gravity of everything they were discussing.
Mark was beginning to see it from Tim’s point of view.  “Even if we did notify New York, DHS, DoD and the entire military, they could never evacuate people in time from the strike zone.”
“Exactly.” Tim agreed.
Jacqueline quietly whispered one word.  “Momma.”
They both looked at her.
“My mother.  We have to let her know.”  She pleaded with Tim.  “Turn around, go back.”
Tim was about to comply when Mark interjected.  “Call her.  She can take a taxi and meet us.”
Jacqueline had her phone and so she called the neighbor who lived next door, an elderly woman.
“Hello, Mrs. Franz, this is Jacky, Alana’s daughter.”
“Oh, yes.  How are you?  Is everything alright.”
“Well, no.  I don’t think so.”  Jacqueline paused.  “Listen, could you do me a huge favor?  Could you go over and check on my mother and call me right back on this number – it’s my mother’s phone?”
“Well, of course, Honey.  I was just fixing to go check the mail.  I will do it right away.”  The elderly Franz hung up without another word.
“She is going to go check on my mom.”  They waited several minutes and were pulling into the private parking spot at the Dwight Building when Alana’s phone rang.
“Hello.”
“Oh, Honey, I am so sorry.”  Jacqueline could hear Mrs. Franz voice crack slightly.  “I’ve called 911, the ambulance is on its way.”  A quiet sniff.  “Oh, Jacky, your mother is no longer with us.”
“What?”  The blood drained from Jacqueline’s features as she dug her fingernails into her knee.
“Yes, she looks so peaceful.  She was outside on her porch.  Oh, dear, this is terrible.  She was such a friend.”  Another sniff.  “I will be at the funeral for sure, Jacky.  Please let me know when it is.”  The voice cracked even more with grief and the call was terminated.
Jacqueline stared at the phone in her hand, unwilling and unable to grasp the truth.
“What is it Jacqueline?”  Tim asked her.
“Momma is dead.”  She burst into tears and buried her face in her lap.
Tim quietly held his foot on the brake not wanting to disturb her grief by reaching underneath her leg to place the vehicle in park.

[↕]

Ashid Sadar got out of the car and left the keys in plain sight on the driver’s seat.  The window was down and he estimated it would take ten minutes before someone was joyriding.  He found a crowded café and walked in briskly.
“Be right with you.”  A busy waiter threw toward him as he bustled by a tray full of food held high above his head.
Ashid ignored him and walked straight toward the back of the establishment, located the men’s room and went in.  He went straight to the back stall and locked the door.  Going over to the toilet he leaned over and inserted three fingers into his mouth.  From one side and then the other, he deftly pulled out the prosthetic cheek inserts and tossed them into the bowl.  Next came the nice, even, white teeth overlays.  His own were yellowed by nicotine and drink – the ones that were left.  Next he tore off the small mustache – it had been a perfect imitation of Belluchi’s.  He flushed the toilet.  Then he reached behind his head and peeled off the wig to reveal his own shaved head.  This he carried with him out of the stall and shoved it deep into the waste basket, pulling paper towels on top.  He went to the sink and turn on the hot water, bathing his face with soap, he pressed his face down as low as he could and scrubbed the makeup off.  His own darker features emerged slowly, yet thoroughly.  When he finished, he checked for any specks or relics of his makeup.  He was done.  Drying his face, neck and hands he tossed the paper towels on the floor and jerked open the door, pushing past a patron that was just coming inside.  He strode back through the café and back out to the sidewalk, hailing the first cab that he saw.
“Downtown.  The Dwight building.”
The cab accelerated into the flow of traffic.



Chapter 15 – 3:41 PM EST


Ashid sat for a moment longer in the backseat, as he stared at the 48th floor of the Dwight building.  The afternoon sun reflected off of the glass and he had to squint his eyes tightly to even look that high.  He vaguely heard the cab driver asking if this was his destination.  He didn’t respond.
The light off of the building’s west side was so bright that Sadar’s eyes began to water, yet he continued to stare.  He was remembering a similar time with a reflection as brightly as this.  He then too, stared until his eyes watered, but not entirely from discomfort.  There was sorrow there with the pain.  Hate as well.  

[↕]

His face and hands were dirty and his tattered clothes clung loosely to his skinny frame, the wind pulling the excess away from his body, flapping them.  Yet, he had stood, resolute.  To see the face of the driver or any passengers of the humvee that stood in front of him.  The sun was so bright, reflecting off of the tilted, flat-paned window that he could not see anything, but the edge of the front bumper as it stood opposing him on the dirt street.  Someone down the street called his name frantically.  He didn’t care.  He had just watched them kill his father for refusing to put down his AK-47 quickly enough.  They shot everybody that had a gun.  Didn’t they know that there was no protection here without a weapon?  His father was with the Iraqi army, but had come home, not willing to fight a losing battle for the dictator Hussein.  Now he was dead, three bullet holes in his upper torso and neck.  Finally, the sun’s reflection was more than he could take and he turned his head away and stepped to the edge of the street.

[↕]

Ashid couldn’t take the reflection anymore and stepped to the sidewalk, reaching through the window to give the driver the fare.  He walked toward the building’s west entrance without another look back or waiting for his change – he wouldn’t need any American money after today.
His phone rang.  He didn’t stop, but pulled it out and answered it without even glancing at the screen.  He knew who it was.  He was supposed to have an answer by now.
“Hello.”  He continued to walk to the building.
“What is your final report?”  The voice spoke Russian.
He answered in clear English again.  “We are clear to proceed.”
“The program, what of it?”  Still Russian.
“It is not active.”  Ashid took a gamble.  He didn’t know that for sure, but he knew even if it was, it wouldn’t be inside of twenty minutes.
“You are sure of this, Vladimir?”  The Russian spoke with extreme gravity.  “If you are wrong, it doesn’t just mean failure, but it means we will be hunted down and killed.”
“Positive.”  Ashid Sadar, Vladimir Alvinsky to the Russians, replied.
“Good work!”  Followed by a laugh.  “I will pour a shot of Vodka in celebration.  Two, in fact, one for me and another for you.”  Another laugh.  “Of course, yours will not keep so I will take it as well.”
“Have it.”  Sadar said and terminated the call.  He replaced the phone in his pocket and pulled open the glass doors to the west lobby of the Dwight building.

[↕]

Jacqueline unlocked her office door and walked in without turning on the light.  She locked the door behind her and dropped into her office swivel chair.  Leaning back she closed her eyes and tried to stop the tears that were forming beneath her eyelids, but could not.  They came.  Others followed them and suddenly she was sobbing in the semi-dark.  Why?  She asked in her mind over and over.  Why, can’t the world be at peace?  Why the cancer?  Why her mother?  Why now?  Her mind returned no answer and all of her knowledge and experience did not reply with a reason.  She remained there the tears coursing down her face and neck.

[↕]

“Okay, Fetterman, what does it mean?”  Tim poured himself a drink from the refrigerator and then handed Mark a bottle of Pierre water.
“It means we have to start thinking hard and heavy right now.”
“Do you think he knows where we were headed?”
“He knows.”  Mark nodded and popped the cap off.  “He will be coming along.  I sent a text to Chet to keep a lookout for him on the security system.  If he shows up we will be the first to know.”  He took a swallow, confident of his assertion, never realizing that he was already wrong.  Ashid was there and they knew nothing about his presence.
“Good.”  Tim took a swallow and set down his glass.  “Jacqueline said she had some other clothes in her office that she kept for gym and whatever when she worked late.  She asked for a few minutes to change and then I think we should head for New Jersey.  Get in a safe place and try to get in contact some authorities about what we know and suspect.”
“I agree.”  Mark walked over to look out the window.  Tim walked over beside him.  Mark turned and spoke in a serious tone.  “Tim, I think it is going to be today.”
“The attack?”
“Yes.”  Mark suddenly looked very sad.  “We’ve waited too long.  Not us, but this nation.  We have fought among ourselves so much.”  He waved the bottle.  “Now, I am not saying there weren’t some battles worthy of fighting; there were.  The problem is everyone wants to be right not do right by our nation.  It is all about getting re-elected and staying in power.”
“I agree.  It’s like ancient Rome.  The intrigue, corruption, and backstabbing.”
“…the decline and fall…”  Mark Fetterman mused to himself.
Tim was about to reply when Fetterman’s phone rang.  He moved the water bottle to his left hand and removed his phone.
“Hello.”
“Fetters, this is Norm.  I got bad news, man.”
Mark closed his eyes and silently groaned.  That was all he needed now, more bad news.  “Give it to me straight.”
“NYPD S.W.A.T. is on its way to your company’s building as we speak.  I am actually getting in the chopper in about one minute, the other guys are loaded.  I had a quick second without anyone around.”
“What’s the deal?”  Mark’s knees grew weak.
“It all hit the fan, man!  The guy in intel downstairs squealed and all the three letter agencies are buzzing like mad.  I had to launch this swat just to keep from getting jailed!  The word is the military is on high alert.  There is a Russian submarine missing and it could possibly be close to our shores.  A fishing vessel had its deep nets ripped completely off the back of the ship and reported it to the coast guard.  At the same time and very close the listening devices picked up an anomaly in the same location.  Nothing definite, but I think everyone is scared from the top to the bottom.”
“What does that have to do with you?”
“I had to lie and tell them that I was working on this terrorist guy already and was planning on submitting a report.  Unfortunately, our man figured out who you were.  I think he fingerprinted you from when you were in the office.  Crazy I know, but all of our training has been so geared to spy on everyone and everything.  It’s like communist Russian back when are parents were kids.”
Mark didn’t know what to say.  Suddenly, there was a deafening roar in the phone.
“I gotta go Fetters, I just wanted to give you a head’s up.  I owed you one.  Sorry, pal.  I’ll do what I can for you.  This call never happened; I’ll deny everything.”  The line went dead.
“What was that noise.”  Tim asked worriedly.
“A chopper.  They are on their way to raid TransGap.”
“What?!”
Mark touched the screen on his phone.  “I got to call Chet.”

[↕]

Jacqueline finally opened her eyes and looked around for some tissue.  She had to change.  Tim had told her that he was taking her to his house for the evening.  Tomorrow they would see about her mother.  She grabbed several tissues and wiped her face and eyes.  Getting up she went to a small bag she kept in the corner with shoes and gym clothes.  Walking to the door she stood for a minute.  She took out a small mirror from her purse and from the light through the window examined her face.  She daubed her face clean and when she was satisfied that she didn’t look like a scary woman opened the door and went out.

[↕]

Ashid had gone straight to the elevator and rode it until it was empty up to the fourth floor, where the last person got off.  Quickly he inserted the special key and turned it to the ‘Out of Service’ position.  Immediately, the elevator began to descend, the numbers tracing its fall until the ‘Lobby’ light went out.  It went down two more floors into the basement.  The doors opened and he got out.  The doors would stay open, waiting to be ‘serviced’.  He stood and looked around for a few seconds.  He could hear someone playing country and western music somewhere.  A voice, not intimidated by a critical audience, shakily following along at full volume.  He walked over to a row of shelves, searching until he found what he wanted; some tools, several rolls of tape, paper, and a short chunk of rope.  He looked over against the wall and saw several pairs of coveralls.  He selected ones that looked to fit him and tucked them under his arm.  He carried everything into the elevator and then went back to the shelves looking again for anything he might need.  He saw a roll of caution ribbon.  Perfect!  He turned on his heel and walked to the hooks that held the coveralls.  He removed his sport jacket, exposing his shoulder holster and the silenced pistol, hanging the jacket on the peg.  He retraced his steps to the elevator.  Before entering he tore a piece of tape off of the roll of electrical tape and looking up from the edge of the doorway, he stuck the black tape over the cameral in the elevator.  Quickly, then he entered, punched the ‘Door Close’ button and slipped into the coveralls.  Once he was ready he pressed the button to floor 47 and the elevator rose quickly.  His journey would be unhindered.  He looked at his watch.  3:47. He looked back up to the elevator display and waited.  He couldn’t be sure of where she was, but he would find her with enough time.

[↕]

Captain Kulegin gave the order to resume forward drive once the buoy was safely stowed.  The SPA agent couldn’t keep from smiling.  He actually looked happy.  The word had come through in time.  Their man on site had given the clear sign.  Their mission was GREEN.
“Well, my dear, dear Captain, may I call you Comrade?”  Kerkov reached out his hand.
Kulegin shook it like a dead fish.
“A toast!”  Kerkov brought up a bottle of Vodka from his waistline.
“You go ahead, Comrade Kerkov, I want to keep a clear head.”
“Ahhh!!  That is my point!  Nothing like a shot of Vodka to clear the head!”  He popped the top.  The sound was like an explosion in the room and every man jumped at his console and swung to around to see the source of the noise.  Their nerves were on the absolute edge.  Kerkov was not in the least hindered.  He raised the bottle to the men and took a healthy swallow.  “Captain, er, Comrade Kulegin,” He handed the bottle to the Captain Kulegin.  “Long live the new world, free from western power and corruption.  Free from the stupid Americans with their short four hundred year history trying to tell the ancient Russian people what to do.  Free from Capitalism tyranny.”  He waved the bottle at Kulegin who finally took it.
Kulegin took a long swallow, not toasting the rhetoric, but he thought maybe it would make the next few minutes easier to deal with, easier to deal with Kerkov.
“Yeah!  Way to go Comrade…whoa!  Save some for the rest of us here.”  Kerkov pulled the bottle from his hand and passed it to the XO Petranov and there it began to make its rounds.
Captain Kerkov wiped his mouth as he turned back to his console and pulled his mic boom down.  Then he spoke the fateful words into his microphone.
“Launch Depth.”  Within seconds the vessel began to rise.  The targets had already been downloaded to the mainframe and to each of the four missiles.  Four had been overkill, but the decision was already made before they ever had left the shoreline.  Four it was.  Two for the coastline and two inland.
“Periscope up.”  He gave the order.  There was a whirring sound as the periscope was sent upward.
“Missile room, commence firing sequence.”
As the missile room heard the command they immediately began to flip switches and press buttons.  Warming up the practice warheads that were programmed to respond to their actions and record the data for later evaluation.  Yet, unknown to them the generators were powering up actual fully operational Bulava missiles.
Ilya turned to Faddei and the look on his face was as though he had seen a ghost.
“What is it Ilya?”
“The missiles are powering up.”
“Yes.  That is what we told them to do.  The sensors detect our input and respond like a real missile.  We will be evaluated so don’t mess up.”
“Faddei, I know what the paperwork says, but my gut tells me these are real missiles.”
“Nonsense!”  Faddei stepped over and put a hand on Ilya’s shoulder.  “Ilya, you must stay calm.  If you expect a promotion when we return, you must do your job flawlessly.”
Ilya, nodded, pale-faced, and turned back to his console watching the data slowly scroll down until the sequence was complete.  The missiles were ready for final launch sequence.  He spoke in a shaky voice over the command net.  “Missiles ready at standby.”
“See, that wasn’t so hard, now was it?”  Faddei smiled, but it didn’t even register on Ilya’s mind.  He knew those couldn’t be fake missiles, they were real.
“Launch and periscope depth.”  Came the call.  Captain Kulegin turned to Kerkov who stood behind him with a nearly empty bottle.  “Comrade, you would like to do the honor?”
Kerkov took a final swig of the bottle and then tossed it to the side where it shattered against the bulkhead.  He stepped forward and pressed ‘Upload Targets’.  Instantly, the targets were fed to the missiles.  ‘Target Upload Complete’ the screen displayed.  This was confirmed over the command net.
“Upload Complete.”  Came a shaky voice again.
Kerkov walked over to the periscope and pressed his face to the lenses.  He would see the raw power of the missiles as they sped on their way, bursting unsuspectingly from the ocean.
“Fire missiles.”  Captain Kulegin gave the command.
Ilya froze.  He could neither respond nor move.  His whole body was shaking now and the sweat was running cold down his back.  He blinked, but could not focus on the button.
“Ilya!”  Faddei hissed.  “Launch!”  Ilya didn’t respond.
Faddei keyed his mic “Missiles firing.”  He spoke with confidence and reached across Ilya to press the button.  Ilya screamed and tried to grab Faddei’s arm, but was knocked to the ground by a quick motion from the old submariner.  Faddei pressed the button.  One second later there was a rending sound like the sky above was torn in half and the ship shuttered underneath his feet.  Faddei’s face went pale as it was followed by a second, a third, and finally a fourth shudder, the submarine quaked from the force.
He turned stone-faced and stared at Ilya, who was sobbing like a baby.  “My family!  My Uncles!  They live in America.  I knew it…”  Ilya just sobbed.  Faddei looked up to see every shipman turn his direction staring in horror at him, Faddei, the veteran, the ranking officer here, looking for an explanation.  It was there etched in every face and staring out of every pair of eyes.  What just happened?
He knew the answer.  He had just changed the world.

[↕]

Jacqueline finished changing her clothes and left the ladies room.  She headed for the bank of elevators as she looked at the large clock in the work area…3:51.  Tim had told her to meet him upstairs at 4:00.  She was going to be a few minutes early, but no matter.  She wondered what his house was like if his office and cars were that nice.  The guy must have a beautiful home.  She rounded the corner and noticed one of the elevator doors was standing open with yellow caution tape across the opening.  There was a white piece of paper taped onto it with writing – she didn’t look to see what it said, but walked over and pressed the ‘Up’ button.  Just as Jacqueline stepped back to check her appearance one more time in the mirror she saw a form of a man in overalls moving from nowhere behind her.  She turned quickly, but not before his hand clamped over her mouth.  A scream came from her lungs, but never escaped, as he spun her around, grabbing her arm and putting a forearm across her throat.  She wished she was wearing high heels, but was only wearing tennis shoes.  She kicked anyway as he pulled her toward the dysfunctional elevator with tape across the opening.
“Save your energy.”  He spoke to her in Arabic!
This stopped her momentarily – taking her by complete shock.  She had caught a glimpse of his face as she looked in the mirror, but didn’t recognize him.
He pulled her inside and reached for the control panel.  The doors began to close.  Her eyes widened with fear and stared at the closing doors, realizing if this guy could stop the elevator then he could stop it again wherever he wanted.  She noticed the caution tape was taped to the inside of the door, now hanging slack.  No one would know she had been taken.  The cameras!  She thought, suddenly glad for them.  She looked up and around and saw the black electrical tape.  That must be the camera!  Now, rendered inert by less than a penny’s worth of tape.  Panic began its icy climb up her legs and torso into her throat.  She fought it with determination.  Rational thought was what she needed.  Where is he taking me?  Can I break his grip?  The answer to her second question came rapidly.  The elevator was now descending and she felt his grip release off of her mouth, throat, and arm.  She turned around and stepped back, her chest heaving.
He simply smiled.
“Who are you?”  She asked in English.
“Allah wills it, Jacqueline.”  He replied in Arabic.
Her heart nearly stopped.  “How do you know my name?”  She hollered.
“Stay calm.  That is not important.  What is important is that you tell me the answers to my questions.”  He took a step toward her.  She backed up.
“If you touch me again, I will scream!”  She replied in English.
“Why is it that you answer me in English, but understand your mother’s tongue…your tongue.”  His face took a queer appearance.
“You!”  She looked into his eyes and saw there something familiar.  “You!  You are the terrorist.”
“I am Ashid Muhammed Sadar.  I am not a terrorist.  I am a businessman.”  This time he spoke in English.
Then it came to her.  This man had been somehow disguised and had been at her mother’s house!  “What did you do to my mother?!”
“I did nothing to her.”  He touched the top of his forehead.  “She did something to me.”  It was then that she noticed the large lump and cut on his head.  “Enough of this.”  He took another step toward her, reaching into his back pocket.
She backed up into the corner.  “One more step and I’ll scream and claw your eyes out.”  She threatened.
“Hardly.  You have a lot to learn.  You will not do either.” He laughed.
She watched the numbers changing behind him on the display.  They were near the 12th floor.
She opened her mouth to scream.
Nothing happened.  Before she could take in a complete breath his hand came from around his back and shot toward her open mouth as he shoved a red shop rag in between her teeth.
She tried to scratch him, but only caught the rough fabric of the coveralls on his shoulder as he grabbed her arm and spun her around yet again.  Her feet were knocked out from under her and she sat down hard on the floor.  Before she could recover from the shock and before she could even shove the rag out with her tongue, Jacqueline felt something sticky on her cheek and her mouth was quickly wrapped with duct tape.  She tried to use her free arm to spin away, but that too was pulled back and now her wrists were taped together.  She thrashed and kicked, trying to spin her body around to kick at him.
It seemed like whatever she did was anticipated; actually what he wanted her to do!  Because as she turned to kick he grabbed her foot and punched her in the side of her thigh, striking the nerve in her leg.  Pain shot up into her back and her leg felt paralyzed.  She tried to kick with the other, but he had a hold of it too quickly and wound tape around it as well.  The pain was immobilizing – it was all she could concentrate on.  Jacqueline realized she wasnn’t going to get anywhere by struggling so she sat there and trying to decide what to do.  She looked at the number on the elevator.  There was nothing lit, but suddenly they stopped.  Just before the doors started to open, Sadar reached up and pressed the ‘Door Close’ button.  He quickly tied her feet with rope and put more tape over that.
“Now.”  He turned to her with that wicked smile intact.  “Sit and listen.  I don’t have a lot of time.”  He bent low, the smile disappearing.  “Cooperate or I will kill Timothy Gillette.  I could have twice today, but didn’t for good reasons.  Don’t take this as a threat – it is an absolute certainty.”  He let those words sink in.  She seemed to accept her new reality.  “Good.  Shake or nod your head to my questions.  Don’t waste my time.”  He knelt with one knee and looked her straight in the eyes.  “Do you understand?”
She nodded.  After what she had just witnessed she didn’t doubt he could kill Timothy.
“Good.  Second question.  Is Timothy up in his office?”
She hesitated an instant and his eyebrow arched.  She nodded.
“Do you know anything about the security program he is working on for the Department of Defense.
She lied and shook her head.
He slapped her swiftly and brutally across the face.  “I saw your name on records.  Next question.”
“Is it active?”  He asked slowly.
She hesitated and waited for the blow.  It came.
“Answer me!”  He growled between clenched teeth.
She didn’t move.  Her head was ringing.
He slapped her again.
She felt dizzy, but didn’t respond.  She knew now that this is what he wanted all along.  It was why he hadn’t killed Timothy and now her.  He didn’t know.  This she could win.  She would let him slap her until he knocked her unconscious.
He saw the triumph and mockery in her eyes.
“I see.”  He said coolly.  He reached up and pressed a button on the control panel.  They started up.  “We will just go ask him ourselves.”

[↕]

There was an instant murmur of voices as warnings flashed on screen throughout the darkened control room in the bunker.  Their facility was undisclosed to, not just the public, but even to the vast majority of the military.  NORAD was no longer used for their purpose.  Now they were more sleek and powerful.
The head technician spoke into his headset.  “General, we have a launch flash on screen.”
There was no reply but the few seconds delay behind them of the door being mechanically unlocked.  The General was very rarely more than a few paces away while on duty.  He walked straight to the technicians screen.
“Where?”
“Right here sir, three hundred kilometers off of the eastern coastline.”  His voice was professional, but inside he knew that this was extremely bad news.
“Do we have a heat signature?”
“Yes sir.  It is fully confirmed now.  It is a missile.  Probably a submarine.”
“Impossible!”  The General expostulated.  “Any of our naval hardware in the area?  Testing or exercises maybe?”
“No sir.  There is none.”
A technician a few chairs down pulled off his headset and turned toward the General.  “Sir, it is breaking up into four separate heat signatures.”
The General turned and looked over, the dim light from the technicians screen reflected in turn off of the three stars on his lapel.  He cursed.  He reached for the phone closest.
“General Coulter, here.  Get me Strategic Missile Command, now.”
A few seconds went by of silence.
The head technician zoomed in on the signature and there they saw the four heat trails beginning to separate.
“Lieutenant, give the velocity.”  General Coulter spoke.
“1,100 knots and accelerating.”  Came the reply.
The phone was picked up by SMC.
“This is General Coulter; I have a confirmed report of four separate missile launches three hundred kilometers off the coastline from what appears to be a submarine.”  He rattled off the coordinates.  “That’s what I said…a missile attack.  I want two cruise missiles launched; one to those coordinates and one three kilometers due east.  Dive them straight down from five thousand feet.  The last missile I want active radar on.  It is to search and destroy any vessel it finds in that area.”  He cupped the phone.  “Lieutenant, give me live visual feed where the flashes originated.”  A few moments later the screen displayed the ocean moving.  The actual ripples were visible; with each curl of crest clearly cascading back to it berth.  The general looked for and found what he sought.  There was a dark form beneath the surface where the water was still unnaturally disturbed.  “Visually confirmation.”  General Coulter spoke.  The voice replied and he waited impatiently.  “I understand you have to contact the Secretary, just do it now.”

[↕]

“Dive, dive, dive!”  Kulegin gave the command.  The klaxon sounded and the ship, still unsettled from its launch, surged forward at full emergency power and began to tilt downward steeply, sliding beneath the surface.  The periscope whirred down behind him, but Kulegin kept his eyes glued to the screen.  For now they would continue their heading toward the coast, but that would change quickly enough.

[↕]

“They are diving.”  The general spoke quietly.
“Yes sir, it appears so.  They have maintained their heading toward us though sir.”
“That will change.  Quickest way to get down.  Once they get down they will turn and high tail it out to sea and we will have a surprise waiting for them.”
The Technician risked a glance at the general’s face.  His jaw was set and determined, but his eyes were sad.
“Sir, is this the real thing?”
“I’m afraid it is.”  General Coulter kept his eyes glued to the disappearing apparition of the submarine.
“Nuclear?”
“Without a doubt.”  He stared until nothing could be seen any longer.  “Either way our lives are changed.”
“Sir…that….means….” the lieutenant was interrupted.
“This is what we have trained for.”  The general said sternly and stood upright.  He picked up the phone and pressed the button for intercom.  “All personnel, code 1, prepare for impact.  I repeat Code 1, prepare for impact.  This is not a drill.  This is not a drill.  Estimated time till impact, eight minutes.”  Immediately, red lights started flashing and a siren began to warble.  He replaced the receiver.  It rang as he put it down.
“General Coulter.”
“Sir, I have SMC on the line.  Putting them through.”
“General, I can’t get a hold of the Secretary or the President.  I am not sure why.”
“Probably golfing.”  Coulter inwardly fumed.  “Try the VP.”
“I did.  Same thing, no answer.”
“Impossible!”  The general slammed his hand down on the desk.  He took a breath and let it out slowly.  “Listen, Colonel.  Launch the missiles.  Do it now.”
“But sir, the President.”
“Launch the missiles or we won’t have a President to even worry about.”  Coulter spit out.  “We may not even have a country for him to be President over.  Override and launch.  If you survive you may get a medal for it.”
“Will do, sir.  I guess this is the real thing.”
“It is.”  General Coulter started to replace the receiver, but put it back to his head.  “Colonel?”
“Yes sir?”
“Good luck.”
“Good luck, General.”
He hung up the phone and looked at his watch 5:53.  “Everyone in here stay at your consoles for five more minutes.”  He spoke loudly enough to be heard.  “Where are they headed, Lieutenant?”
“I can’t be sure, but the only logical impact zone is New York for this one and somewhere around North Carolina for this one.  The other two are headed inland from what I can tell, due west.”
“Why only four?  If you are going to launch why not all of them?”
“I don’t know sir.”

[↕]

Tim looked at his watch 5:57, Jacqueline should be here by now.  He was nervous; it felt strange, like he was being strangled.  He turned the handle on his safe and popped open the door.  The first safe was already open; Fetterman was stacking things on the table.  Tim took off his jacket and shoulder holster and replaced it with a flack vest.  The pouches were already lightly loaded up with gear.  He swapped over the pistol to his vest and walked over and took a windbreaker from the hook and tossed it on the table.
“How are we going to get out of here with all these guns and gear?”  Gillette pointed at the table.
“Dunno.”  Mark replied, still looking through the safe.  “Got a bigger coat for me?”
“Nope.”  Tim said in a matter of fact manner.
“We’ll manage.”  Fetterman shrugged on his flack vest and tightened the cords on the side.  “I’ll wear a bathrobe if I have to.”
“Where’s Jacqueline?”  Tim worried out loud.
“She should be here by now.”  Fetterman agreed.
“I’ll go page the secretary.”  Tim walked out of the secret room back into his office.  He reached for his desk phone and pressed a button.
“Hello, Mr. Gillette.”
“Is Miss Defray waiting out there?”  Tim sat on the edge of his desk and looked out the window.
“No sir, shall I page you when I hear from her?”
Suddenly Tim saw a flash of light that completely overcame the sunlight streaming in through the window.  He threw the phone away and hurdled toward the secret room.
“MARK!!!”  He screamed as he hit the floor rolling over.  Suddenly, the interior was lit brightly and several seconds later the building shook like a massive earthquake as a BOOM sounded, rattling the windows.
The speed of Tim’s thought was hardly behind.  This is it!!  We are all dead!!
A few seconds more and the light dimmed and the quaking subsided slightly.  Then it was nearly completely dark.  We are still alive?!  Tim wondered.
“Tim.”  Fetterman found his voice.
“Yeah, man.  We got hit.  What just happened?  I thought we were all dead.”
“It’s worse than that pal.”
Tim couldn’t see Fetterman in the darkness, but just lay there waiting for an explanation.
“They didn’t hit the city, which makes no sense.  It is the most densely populated area in the region.”
“The lights!  They’re out!”  Tim jumped to his feet and grabbed the phone dangling from the edge of his desk.  “Hello?  Hello?”  He toggled the connection on and off several times.  Nothing.  He looked around his office.  The light in the fish tank was off.  His computer was dead.  Mark was standing behind him.
“They got us with an EMP.”
Tim looked at Mark.  “You’re right.  It is worse.  What did that Congressional report say?  One hundred million dead within the first thirty days?”
“Yes, afraid so.”
“Jacqueline!”  Tim eyes went wide.  “We got to hurry.”  He ran back into the safe room.

[↕]

Chet was several blocks away from TransGap’s office threading his way through the traffic.  Mr. Fetterman’s call had been short, but sounded very urgent.  He had told Chet to leave the premises immediately and meet him at the Dwight Building downtown, having provided him with an address.  He was on his way there now.  His stomach growled with the traffic and he thought of stopping at a small stand for a hot dog or two.  He slowed down and started to look for an opening, but thought better of it and continued on.  His boss’ tone was very urgent.  He was still on the clock and didn’t want to mess any plans up.
The strangest part of Mr. Fetterman’s instructions were to quickly remove the hard drive from his console computer.  While it was somewhat of an odd request, Chet considered the day and determined that it must be needed for evidence of tracking down this bad guy.  He complied, taking only a few minutes to shut down the computer and remove the casing to expose the hardware.  He deftly removed the drive and slid it into a protective pouch – one that would keep any static or magnetic energy from coming in contact with the case.
The traffic gushed out of the intersection and he was willing swept along with the tide, accelerating in pace with the madness of city drivers – off to the next red light to do it all over again.  Chet happened to glance down at his console in the car.  It was 3:59.  He glanced back up, not wishing to rear end the driver in front of him.  Traffic was slowing again, though the light far ahead was green.  Suddenly, the green light disappeared!  He stared for an instant and then noticed all of the brake lights were suddenly extinguished as well.  Before a thought exploring the mystery could even enter his mind he saw something that nearly made him scream.  In the back window of the car in front of him, angled up toward the blue sky, now reflected what looked like a huge, ball of fire.  He stared, transfixed, unable to close his gaping mouth as the ball of fire became a sort of cloud.  It then mushroomed out to form a ring.
What the…?  He never finished the thought.  There was a booming that rattled his car and shook him in his seat slightly.  God, what is going on?  He quickly pressed the unlock button on his arm rest, but nothing happened.  He looked around inside his car.  Then he noticed that the air conditioner had quit and he couldn’t hear the car running.  He stubbornly pressed the unlock button again, this time harder.  Nothing.  He looked, the radio clock was gone, displaying nothing.  Quickly, Chet reached over and seized his phone lying on the passenger seat.  He tried to flick the display on, but nothing happened.  He held the phone limply in his hands and slowly looked up and out of his windshield.  It was like a movie had been paused.  No cars were moving.  No traffic lights.  The only thing that had any motion of reality to it were the few people that were craning their necks and shading their eyes as they stared in horror up into the sky.
Instantly, Chet somehow knew.  A nuke!  He didn’t know why he was still alive and not atomized ashes, but there he sat.  Those people shouldn’t be looking at that.  Chet’s thought took on a surreal life of its own.  He felt somehow detached and deeply logical to the situation.
He had to get out of the car!  In a matter of minutes the streets would be absolutely filled with a crush of panicked mobs.  He reached over and thumbed the mechanical lock open.  He reached for his wallet and, for some reason, the hard drive.  He pulled the handle and shoved the door open.  Chet stood for only a second and got his bearings and then began to walk resolutely south toward his destination between the stranded cars and their stupefied occupants.  We’ve been hit with radioactivity and electromagnetic waves.  Chet began to think to himself.  He suddenly realized that he couldn’t stay out in the open.  He might get a near lethal dose of radioactivity from fallout.  He tried to remember the subway locations and directions from what he had studied earlier for his boss.  He saw a sign for a subway entrance and quickly made his way toward it.  Even as he approached, people began to pour out of the inky blackness, driven off by the lack of light below and the potential of being mugged or worse.  Chet pressed forward through the surge of bodies.
“Hey, mate.”  A man grabbed his arm, obviously a foreign tourist.  “No light down below.  Train stopped moving.  Better stay up here.”
Chet smiled and said perfunctorily, “Yeah I know.  Thanks!”  He brushed the man off, who was swept along an instant later by the moving herd of people.  Chet made his way toward the side and grabbed the handrail, using it to pull himself along and down into the darkness.

[↕]

The drones were hovering at three thousand feet, observing and recording everything below, streaming intel back to the precinct and command unit.  The matte black S.W.A.T. vehicles were making the last turn and the lead vehicle was now entering into the parking lot.
“All units.”  Lieutenant Norman Cooper called over the mouthpiece above the noise of the drum beat overhead.  “T-time.  Let’s move quickly.  Watch for squirters.”  He announced.  Then he flicked the intercom button.  “Jake, take us down right there.”  He pointed to a large flat place on the roof.
“Roger.”  The pilot trimmed the pitch on the rotor blades and they began their descent toward the spot.
Cooper leaned back and craned his neck to see if his three man team was ready.  They were.  All sat straight upright their weapons at safe ready, staring straight ahead, crammed in the small space.  This should be easy, but good to get the guys out for a real run.  He thought and looked back through the curved windshield below their feet to see the door that he had mentally marked for entry coming up toward him quickly.  Too quickly!  He glanced at the pilot who had noticed that something was wrong and was trying to slow their descent.  He reached to add power and re-trim the pitch of the rotor, but it never got the chance to do any good – the controls were dead.  There was a bright flash, brighter than the sun and as they picked up vertical speed downward Cooper shouted in his mouthpiece, “Brace for impact!!”  No one heard him – the intercom was dead.  He grabbed the handle in the bulkhead just to his left and gripped with all the power of a body builder, clenching his teeth and they were flung by gravity toward the white roof, now only a few dozen feet away.  There seemed to Cooper to be a boom and then a shuddering of the airframe, but he couldn’t be sure.  It was lost in the smack of impact and the scream of metal, concrete and steel together as a second explosion ripped through him and then there was nothing.  The helicopter was completely broken apart and engulfed in a fireball.  There were no survivors.

[↕]

Sadar watched as the display read ‘48’ coinciding with a digital announcement of their arrival.  He stepped forward and glanced once more at Jacqueline as he pressed the ‘stop service’ button in the control panel.  The doors started to slide open and then suddenly everything went dark inside, the doors ceasing their movement.  In the pitch black, Sadar turned toward Jacqueline, as if she could provide an explanation.  He reached out contacting the steel of the frame and then the doors.  He followed it toward the opening.  It was only a few inches wide.  He cursed inwardly.  What a time for a failure.  He reached in his pocket for his phone.  He would use his flashlight to take a look at the panel.  Maybe he had pressed the wrong thing.  The phone was off.  Odd.  He thought.  He had just looked at it about fifteen minutes ago and it had half power remaining.  He felt for the control panel, trying to remember what buttons were where.  Maybe there was an emergency switch for backup power.  What an insane time for a power failure!  Ashid Sadar grinned.  Stupid American’s power system was no better than Russia’s.  He tried to turn his phone back on.  Nothing.  He tried again.  Nothing.
Then for the first time Ashid Sadar was worried.  Icy fingers of fear began to take a grip around the back of his neck.  Impossible!  He thought to himself.  Then he knew!  Betrayers!  They had all they wanted out of him and now they had completed the mission not caring what happened to him!  He was furious!  It had to be the Russian.  He had told him that Gillette’s system wasn’t in place and then POOF!  No lights.  It was all planned that way.  He was only a pawn!  He slammed his fist blindly into the control panel.
He heard mumbling behind him and remembered Jacqueline.  I have not lost completely.  He thought to himself, as he turned to face her across the darkness.  “Miss Jacqueline,” he spoke in Arabic.  “Do you know what has happened?  I will tell you.  Your beloved America is dead.  Gone.  Destroyed.  It will be forgotten in your distorted history.  Remember, the victor always write history?”  He laughed.  “Well, yours will be re written, correctly this time.  Allah will finally be happy as he looks upon the West.”
An angry kicking and mumbling was his answer.
“I see it makes you unhappy.  Your country has become the victim of an electro-magnetic pulse that is produced by a nuclear explosion.  It’s like having a solar flare take place on the moon.  It’s permanent.  No lights, no computers, no chips, no software, no hardware, no technology, no cars, no power grid, no stock market, nothing.  That’s why it’s so dark in here.  I didn’t expect to be here, but I am.”  Then Sadar suddenly remembered his Zippo lighter and reached inside his trouser’s pocket, extracting it.  He flicked it on; the blue flame illuminated the glistening interior with surprising effect.  It cast it light upon a beautiful, albeit angry-faced woman and upon his sinister, evil, hate-filled features.  He moved the lighter to his left hand.
“Now, I don’t know how I am going to get out of here, but before I do. I will finish the job Allah has secretly sent me to do.”  He reached for and withdrew his pistol.  “You see Allah has many ways.  His ways are always just.  First, your mother loved an infidel westerner, eventually leaving the faith and her country.  You, dear Jacqueline, are a result of that faithlessness to Allah and the Quran.  You epitomize the corruption that the west and America has had upon our great Islamic faith and its followers!”  His face contorted as he spat out these last words.  “Your mother’s well-deserved illness robbed me of full vengeance on her, but you are still here…for a moment longer.”  He aimed the pistol at her head in the dim light.
Jacqueline’s heart leapt in her throat as her eyes went wide.  The man was insane!  A fanatic!  He was obsessed!  No, she thought.  He is possessed!  Suddenly, she remembered her mother and asked herself what her mother would have done.  She knew.  Momma would have faced it with dignity and without fear.  She would have conquered him through her inner strength.  Jacqueline quit kicking and quietly stared at Ashid Sadar with a withering gaze, daring him to pull his cowardly trigger with his cowardly finger.
Ashid saw the look in her eyes and the change that came over her.  It infuriated him!  Just like her mother!  “Allah wills it!”  He said through clenched teeth and took up slack in the trigger.  A shot rang out.



Chapter 16 – 4:06 PM EST


Timothy Gillette looked at the splintered wood and saw the bolt still intact.  He fired two more rounds and then pulled on the door knob.  The door moved.  He reached his fingers into the breach and yanked.  A rending sound greeted him as the door came fully open.  He nearly fell backward.  He blinked into the inky blackness in the hallway.
“M…M…Mr. Gillette?  Is that you?”  His secretary quietly asked from the darkness beyond her small office window.
“Yes, Miss Rexburg, are you alright?”
“I don’t know.”  A sniff.  “What is going on?  I heard a boom and then nothing and now gunshots.”  He heard her voice growing somewhat stronger – she was climbing out from under the desk.  “To be perfectly honest, I am a little more than frightened.”
“I understand.”  Tim took the small flashlight, one with a physical analog switch, that Fetterman handed him and turned it on.  It was like a life in the wide hallway.  “Miss Madeline please take this light and make your way to the cafeteria on forty-seven.  I will try to find you there later and explain what is going on as best I can.”
“Okay.”  She reached through the window and took the small light with a trembling hand.  “I’ll try.”
“Wait, better yet.  Climb over here.”  Tim had holstered his weapon and now reached across the opening and helped Madeline climb through the window.  “Go wait in my office until I or Mr. Fetterman comes for you.”
She stared in disbelief at the tactical vests, loaded with ammo and gear, the holstered guns and the AR-10 slung across Gillette’s back, the barrel protruding beyond his side.  “What is going on?  Are those guns?”  She asked panic creeping into her voice.
“They are guns, but you need to relax.  You are going to be alright.”
“I am afraid of guns.  Are we are war?  Are you guys military?”
Tim held up his hand.  “A conversation for a later time.  Please, go into my office and try to remain calm.  If it makes you feel any safer, lock yourself in the bathroom.”  He gave her a gentle push toward the gaping security door leading into his office.  “Go. You’ll be alright.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Gillette.”  She walked slowly inside and tried to close the door.
They moved to the door at the end of the hallway after they had watched Madeline disappear into the office, taking the only natural light with her.
Tim flicked on his flashlight and then reached for the door handle.

[↕]

All was serenely quiet aboard the Yury Dolgoruky except for slight reverberation of their propulsion through the Atlantic waters.  Captain Kulegin checked their heading. Bearing 090 straight out from the coast.  Suddenly, he had a moment of stark clarity.  We aren’t going to survive!  He knew it as certain as he knew anything else in his life.  Somehow, someway the United States was going to get his vessel.  The thought began to dominate his reasoning and he could no longer remember what he had been thinking.  He had a choice to make.  He knew from naval doctrine that the missiles would be backtracked and there would be a counterstrike, possibly more than one.  He also knew that the naval fleet, those not incapacitated by the EMP, would receive this information, however simple, it would contain his location.
He made up his mind.
“Surface.  Then all stop.”  He spoke into the mic boom.  He turned to his XO and motioned for him to complete the maneuvers.  Kulegin walked over to his computer console and accessed the file containing target coordinates.  He skimmed through them until he found the ones that he was looking for.  The computer automatically highlighted those within missile range based upon their calculated position.  He went through selecting twelve more targets.
The door to the bulkhead burst open and an angry Kerkov came striding up to the Captain.
“What is going on?  We are surfacing!  I heard the ballast.”
“That’s right Kerkov.  We are surfacing.”  Captain Kulegin never even looked up.
Kerkov grabbed the Captain’s hand in motion as it scrolled through the display.  “I want to know why you gave that order!”  He demanded.
“Because, as you seem to have forgotten, I am the Captain.”  Kulegin slowly turned and looked into Kerkov’s eyes.  What the SPA agent saw was not anger or hatred, but pure authority.  He released the Captain’s arm, but didn’t back down.
“You know you will be arrested when we return to port.”  Kerkov smiled wickedly, flexing his political muscle to damage another was a sadistic pleasure in which he delighted.
“I must inform you Kerkov that you are wrong.  I will not be arrested.  Because neither of us or anyone on this vessel is returning to port.”
“What are you talking about!!”
“You are a parasitic politician’s spy.  I am a seaman.  I know the sea.  I know my vessel.  I know war.  You…”  He pointed.  “Only know how to feel important.”
Kerkov started to protest.  The Captain didn’t let him.
“They didn’t tell you that this would be a suicide mission?”  Kulegin made a sad and, at the same time, patronizing face.  “Of course not!  You have been used.  Did you really think that we could just sail across the ocean and rain down death on millions of Americans and then simply knock the dust off our hands and waltz back home?”
“I…I…thought.”
“No.  Kerkov.  You didn’t think.  You dreamed a tired and worn dream.  One that doesn’t live in reality.”
“Thermal barrier.”  Came the call over the headset.  Kulegin ignored it.
“I would wager my home that there is a missile inbound to our launch location right now.  There may be other counterstrike measures in progress.  What about the ICBM’s that the U.S. has?  Don’t you think they are launched by now at our beloved country?”
“They can’t be!  They are disabled.  The EMP…”
“Affected most everything, but not everything!”
“Yes, but we have a report that they were not even in a condition of readiness from our inside men.  Even the American media reported the dismissal of their generals in charge of the program.  There equipment is old and outdated.  Their computers are probably not even hardened.”
“Periscope depth.”   Sounded in the Captain’s headset.
This time he turned and ignored Kerkov who seemed to be lost in contradictions and introspections.
Kulegin uploaded the targets he had selected for destruction.  These missiles would all be ground attacks.  Total devastation for a twenty mile radius from the point of detonation.  They finished uploading.
“Missile room.  Please confirm target uploads.”
“Confirmed Captain.  I see them.”
“Energize the missiles.”
“Sir?”
“I said energize the missiles!!”
A moment of silence greeted him as Faddia’s finger hovered over the command button.  Finally, “Energizing.”
New York City, Boston, Hartford, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington D.C., Springfield, Providence, and several other cities were quickly assigned to missiles and their internal computers began the process of crunching numbers and data processing, planning their path of destruction.

[↕]

Chet was now making his way along a pitch black subway corridor.  He could hear the commotion behind him as the rails north of him were crowded with panicked people who had been stranded in their subway car.  He hurried on.  The cool air was a welcome relief to the August heat.  He looked at his watch.  The illuminated hands were still at 3:59.  Of course, he thought.  Gonna take a lot of getting used to.

[↕]

Ashid Sadar jerked from the sound of a shot, dropping his lighter, the flame extinguishing as the lid snapped closed.  He tried to catch it, but couldn’t see.  Two more shots rang out.  His vengeance was forgotten for the moment as he felt around for his lighter on the floor.  He couldn’t find it!  He started to move around while squatted on the balls of his feet.  His hand out in front of him.  He didn’t realize it, but was reaching too far forward – the lighter was right in front of his foot where it had slid to a stop after bouncing back from the side of the elevator.  He crab-walked forward.  His right foot kicked something.  He reached for it and felt the lighter contact his thumb, causing it to spin toward the partially opened door.  Suddenly, he panicked and flung his gun to the ground, diving forward himself, trying to blanket the area, hoping to stop the lighter’s trajectory.  He failed.  Even as the gun clattered beside him, he heard a faint, ‘tink’ as the lighter struck the far edge of the gap between the door and the corresponding floor.  It came back slightly and then tipped into the gap, rattled for a second, and then plummeted silently to the basement fifty floors below.  Ashid lay there with his face next to the gap and the partially opened door when he heard a door open and saw a faint light bounce around the exterior of the elevator.  He pressed his eyes to the opening.  It must be Gillette!  He wished he had his gun in his hand.  He debated reaching for it, risking missing him altogether.  Maybe he will stick his face in here!  Ashid smiled darkly and reached around for his gun, momentarily taking his face from the opening.

[↕]

Gillette and Fetterman came through the door and shone their light briefly around.  They saw nothing and completely ignoring the elevators, Tim turned to the left where he knew the hallway would lead to the staircase.  He never saw the partially opened elevator door.
They made their way down the two flights and onto the forty-seventh floor.  When they emerged Gillette was surprised at the amount of light and then remembered the work area was one big room with tall cubicles and multiple windows overlooked the city below.  Everyone was grouped by the windows talking and arguing among themselves.  Tim quickly walked over to them.
“People, can I have your attention?”  They turned and as one fell silent as he stood there with his gear and guns, Fetterman loafing beside him against a cubicle corner.  He definitely had their attention.  “We have been attacked by a foreign power.”  A gasp went through the room and several people burst into tears.  “This time it is nuclear in nature and you will likely not see any electronic capability as you know it in your lifetime.  No cellphones, no microwaves, no lights, no cars.  You are going to have to be resourceful to survive.  The best thing for all of you to do is gather all personal necessities and make your way down the stairs and out onto the streets.  Find your way home and then get out of the city.  Head for the countryside.  Please, please, people help one another…”  Tim looked each one in the face as best he could.  “It’s the only way we are going to survive.”  More shocked expressions and tears stared back.  “Look, we have made a great team and there is no reason we can’t continue that for our survival.  Get together and find out who your closest neighbors are here and try to stick together.”  Tim looked over at Fetterman.  “Anything to add, Mark?”
“No.  Nothing that would make much of a difference.  I think you made it plain enough.  The rest will be difficult, at best, to pass along.”
“Right.”  Tim turned back to his team of employees.  “You best get moving people, the streets are going to be crowded and you don’t want to be out past night fall.”  Suddenly, Tim looked around rapidly.  “Does anyone know where Jacqueline Defray is?”
A lady toward the back of the crowd spoke up.  “I saw her leaving the bathroom after she changed, but I haven’t seen her since.  I think she headed for the elevator.”
The elevator!  Good God, I hope she isn’t trapped in there!  Tim looked at Mark and he understood what Gillette was thinking.
“Let’s go have a look Tim.”
Tim called back to the woman.  “Do you know what time it was when you saw her?”
“It was exactly 3:51.  I know that because she looked up at the clock and it made me do the same thing.  When I looked back she had gone around the corner.”
“Thank you!”  Tim turned swiftly and headed for the elevators.  Mark followed.

[↕]

Ashid saw the light retreating, but couldn’t see anyone.  He cursed.  He had missed them.  He pushed himself up and leaned against the wall.  He once again holstered his weapon.  He had to think this through.  He now considered the fact that he, too, was trapped.  He figured he could get out somehow, maybe he couldn’t, but we would never quit.  Then he remembered that he had always seen in the movies that the elevators had a trap door above.  He pushed his way to his feet.  He walked over to where Jacqueline was and reached for her until he located her shoulder.  He felt his way up to her face.  She jerked away.
“Stop!”  He commanded.  “We are trapped and I need your help to get out.”
She stopped jerking and he felt for the piece of tape around her mouth and pulled it free.
Jacqueline gasped at the searing pain of the torn adhesive from her skin.
Her first response was to spit on him.  Although she couldn’t see; she hit him in the face.
So did he.  Her head banged off of the stainless steel wall of the elevator.
“Next time I will kill you, like I intended.”  He wiped the spit with his sleeve.
Her head was ringing even as her face was registering the throbbing imprint of his open palm, she decided to go along with it for now.  She was trapped as well.  She felt that Timothy would find her, but knew she had to survive long enough.
“Alright.”  She expostulated.  “I will help you, but only for myself.”
He laughed.  “Ah, I can work with this, brutal honesty.  See?  Human nature always wins.  Your ‘Christian love’ and ways are false.  When it all boils down to this, survival, it is every man for himself.  Nothing great, your western ways.”  He reached and felt for her arm.  “Stand up and turn around.”
She got haltingly to her feet and turned to face the cold steel wall.  He began to tear off the tape from her wrists, being sure to make it as rough and unpleasant as possible.  She grimaced and bit her lip, determined not to give him the pleasure he sought.
“You are stubborn.”  He jerked a strip off her left wrist.  “But I think I like your spirit.  Misguided, but you would make a great jihad warrior.”  She started to protest in disgust, but decided she didn’t want another lump on her head.  He took this as compliance, that his idea was being mulled in her mind.  “Yes, a little misguided, but with proper training and a little schooling in the ways of submission, I could use someone like you.”  He tore the last piece of tape off with a yank and then spun her around.  Though he couldn’t see her face, he leaned in toward her.  “I could personally teach you how to treat a great man of Allah.”  The darkness and proximity of this beautiful woman, intermingled with the darkness of his soul, intermingled to stir a hunger in him for her and deceived him that she felt the same way.  It is that way with the perverse, they believe all to be as them.  With his heart rate continuing to climb in anticipation of what he thought would be quiet surrender to his evil, he pursed his lips and leaned closer, seeking hers, taking her lack of response as a reciprocal feeling.  He leaned closer.  
She could feel his body heat and smell his breath as he leaned toward her.  She held her ground even as he started to put his arm around her waist.  Then she snapped her head forward, only wishing, but not afraid.
Suddenly, he felt the thudding blow of her forehead to the tender place in his where the planter had hit him.  He hadn’t known it, but his skull was slightly fractured from the ceramic pot and now he saw brilliant stars and overwhelming pain.
He half screamed and fell against the side of the elevator and slid to the floor, breathing deep from the unbearable pain.  Nausea ebbed toward him, but he held it off.  He was so injured that he didn’t even have the strength to be angry.
Jacqueline’s eyes teared with the pain as she put her hand to her forehead as well.  Now what?  She thought.  One thing is for sure…that animal isn’t going to kiss me!  She balled her fist, half in pain and half in fury.  She heard him move and prepared for the worst.  It came.
A bullet whipped by her ear.  She actually felt it go by!  The cough was punctuated by another cough and she felt another bullet go by punching a hole in the metal beside her.  She threw herself to the side and tripped on his bag, crashing to the floor.
Ashid Sadar, cursed and then cursed again.  First because he was so angry and secondly because he had just acted in anger.  He had shot her.  He heard her fall to the floor.  He could have brought her around, Allah would have been pleased with his recruit and now he just shot her.  He felt the place on his head again; it was bleeding, he felt the stickiness of it.  He would just sit there until he could think clearly and felt like getting up.

[↕]

Tim was standing by the bank of elevators with Mark several feet away.  Fetterman was holding up a high heel shoe and Tim stared at it trying to somehow divine whether she dropped it by accident or mischief was involved.  One thing was for sure.  She had gotten on the elevator, but from all appearances had not gotten off.  Then he knew.  She’s trapped in there!  The timing didn’t make sense, she had plenty of time to make it to his floor before everything shut down, but he knew that was where she was.  Mark knew it too.  He motioned toward the elevators with the shoe and Tim nodded his head.
Then they heard the muted shots in time with the punch of the bullet through metal.  Both froze and the color started to drain from Tim’s face.  It was followed by a dull thudding that seemed to come from above them.
They stared at each other for an instant and then both dashed for the stairwell, slamming the door to its hinges.  They rushed up the stairs side by side, taking them two at a time.
“What do you think?”  Tim put to Fetterman, as they ran.
“I’m with you aren’t I?” They spun around the turn at the halfway point in the stairwell.
“Okay.  Yes.”  Tim tried hard to concentrate.  “So, Ashid has to be, not just in the building, but with Jacqueline.  No one else would have had a gun.”
“Agreed.”  They stopped in front of the door to forty-eight.  “I don’t remembering seeing anything or anyone, do you?”
“No.”
“No elevator doors open?”
“None, I instinctively looked at them, but they were all closed.”
“Then how did he get past us?”  Mark wondered.
“He couldn’t have, unless he was already up there.”  Gillette thought for a second.  “The problem is that the elevators open into a hallway with three doors.  The hallway leading to my office.  The hallway leading to the meeting rooms and the one to the stairwell.  None can be opened without a pass key.”
“Yes and they weren’t open or damaged.”
“I agree.  We would have noticed.”
“No closets?”
“None.”
Mark took a deep breath.  “That only leaves one place, Tim.”
“The elevator!”  Tim knew he was right.
“Exactly.  The timing was just right that they evidently didn’t make it out before it shut down, but are above the forty-seventh floor.”
“Okay.  Let’s go take him.”  Gillette reached for the handle.
“Wait.”  Mark gripped his wrist.  “If we could hear his shots; he knows we are coming; he would have heard us pounding our way up the stairs.”
Tim released the handle, his hands falling to his side, the light from his flashlight played around the concrete stairwell.  “Right.”  He looked back to the door and then at Mark.  “So now what?”
Mark pointed up.  “Do you have access to the next floor?”
“Actually, I do.  That is if my key card worked I would.  We were looking at leasing that floor, pretty sure of it as a matter of fact.  Already had the contractor starting to look things over for us.”
“Good, let’s go.”  Mark turned and then stopped.  “Much quieter this time.”
They came to the next floor, but it was locked.  “One more.”  Mark said and went up.
“This is the last floor in the building.”  Tim noted as they ascended.
“Let’s hope it is unlocked.”
They reached the fiftieth floor their luck held.  Someone, probably a contractor had propped the door open, no doubt for ventilation.
Both their beams shone on the small chunk of a two by four and held there for a second.  Tim inserted his hand and pulled the door open.
“After you sir.”  He dipped his head to Mark.
They went in and shone their lights around.  It was indeed a construction zone.  Sheetrock was in the process of being hung and there were tools, buckets, and scraps everywhere.  They looked around.
“Okay.”  Mark sat down on a stack of boxes containing sheetrock plaster.  “The plan is not a good one, but it is all that I have.”
Tim squatted down on one knee.  “Let’s hear it.”
“Do you agree that they are in the elevator?”
“I do.”
“Do you agree that he heard us beating it up the stairs?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Okay, one more.  He may have already shot her, but if he didn’t do you agree that he will if we try to rush him?”
Tim thought a second, but knew the answer.  “I agree.”  He said slowly.
“Then, Mr. Gillette, there is only one way for me to get down there.”
“You?”
“This is something I have done a hundred times.”  Mark stated flatly.
“What?”  Tim was a little defensive.  “Am I just supposed to stand here and do nothing?”
“Of course not, I need your help.”
Tim fought the urge to argue, but he wanted to insist they swap roles.  If Jacqueline was in danger’s way, he was going to get her out.  After several long seconds of Tim’s ego arguing with his good sense, he relented.
“Okay.”  He took a deep breath.  “Let me know what I need to do.”
“Good, man.”  Mark shot to his feet.  “You made that easier than I thought it was going to be.”  The light from the windows brought more than enough illumination for Tim to see the broad smile across Mark’s face.
“What, man?”
“Nothing, buddy.”  Mark chuckled.  “Do you know what we are going to use to get down there?”
“I feel like I keep saying ‘what’, but no, what?”
“That.”
Tim followed the line of the outstretched arm.  “The elevator?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“I will show you.”  Mark looked around again.  “First we have to find a hammer or pry bar, anything you can get your hands on that might fit in that tiny crack and then the bigger one we are going to open.”
“You’re the one with the plan.”  They split up and very quickly found several hammers and a four foot level.  Mark walked over to the elevator doors.
“Now comes the first hurdle.”  He stood there looking at the doors.
Then Gillette saw their problem.  Which one?  
“Mark, where was that heel when you found it?”  Tim stepped back.  “Here show me like we were there.”
Mark walked to a spot between two doors.  “It was right about here.”
“Okay.”  Tim took the problem over.  “So if I was Jacqueline…”  He walked backward until he was where the corner would have been.  “…and I came around the corner carrying my clothes…”  He paused.  “First of all, I wouldn’t have dropped a high heel without noticing or hearing it.”
“Makes sense.”  Mark interjected.
“…So, I am waiting for the elevator…what would I be doing…?”  Tim looked around.
“That’s easy.”  Mark smiled.  “If you are a woman, looking in the mirror.”
“That’s it!”  Tim turned toward an invisible mirror.
“Hey I was only joking.”
“Yes, but you are right.  She came and pressed the button, like this.”  Tim turned and pushed the now defunct button.  “and then she would have stepped back and looked up to see where the elevators were…and then looked in the mirror, turning toward the east wall.”
“Yeah, especially since she was coming to see her boyfriend.”  Mark grinned.  “Let’s just open them up and take a look.”
“Sssh!  We may only get one open, if we do.  It has got to count.”
Mark had to agree and was quiet.
“So,” Tim continued.  “She turns while standing about right here…”  Tim paused.
Then Mark was suddenly on board.  “…and then she sees the guy behind her…”
“Yes.”  Tim motioned to his shoulders, “Grab me from behind.”
“My pleasure.”  Mark stepped forward and put Mark in a chokehold and spun him around.  Tim wasn’t expecting the move to be so violent and he lost his grip on the flashlight.  It fell to the floor as Tim’s face started to turn instantly red.  The flashlight, hit with a thud and rolled in an arc, until it stopped and pointed at one of the elevator’s doors.
“Well, would you look at that?”  Fetterman stared at the door and then back at the light, which lay in the exact place where he stated the shoe had fallen.  “Amazing!  Like magic, eh?”
Tim was starting to pass out.  He reached up and tapped Mark’s arm.
“Oh man!”  Mark released him.  “Sorry.”
Gillette stood for a second, rubbing his neck and then smiled.  “It worked!”
Mark walked to the door as Tim retrieved his flashlight.
“He had to have taken her from behind and quickly or she would have screamed and notified the other employees, so it only makes sense that it is this one here behind here.”  Gillette reasoned.
“I gotta admit, Tim, your little forensic experiment worked.”  Mark tried to insert the claws of the hammer into the tight closure point.  They wouldn’t go.  Tim handed him the hatchet-like sheetrock hammer and it slid in a quarter of an inch.  Fetterman twisted and got a small opening.  Tim took the claw to the hammer and pried on the crack.  It opened slightly more, releasing the other hammer.  Mark bent down and grabbed another claw hammer and the level.  He widened the crack with the second hammer until he could just insert the level in the narrow way.
“Okay, now let’s pull on it.”  Mark said.
“Let’s try to turn it to the wide edge, its tensile strength is much higher due to the width and the i-beam design.”
“I forgot for a second I was working with an engineer.”  Mark motioned that they pry one more time with the hammers to widen the crack.  They tugged with a great heave and popping veins, it widened just enough to insert the level, now turned ninety degrees.
“We are up against the mechanism now.  The first part was just slack in the reverse mechanism.”  Tim stated.
“Okay, Mr. Engineer, what do we do now?”
“It will be like a cam, so we have to overcome it with a burst of force, we could pry all day, it needs a big heave-hoe for the mechanism to run backwards against the motor.”
“I can handle that.”  Mark pushed Tim out of the way and went around the perpendicular level sticking out. He got a grip, adjusted it and then yanked.  Nothing.
“What happened.”  Tim asked.
“Nothing.”
“Okay, you didn’t pull hard enough.”
“You think!”  Mark spat back.
“I mean you were probably close, but didn’t get it into motion.  Try it again.”
“I planned on it.”  Mark ignored Tim and braced his foot against the frame of the door and adjusted his grip one more time.  He took a deep breath and threw himself back with a massive grunt.  The level bent and then snapped, but something clicked and the doors rolled open to an opening of twenty inches.  The level’s broken piece fell and slid into the gaping black hole as Mark, now off balance, hurtled backward and crashed into a the steel stud wall, grabbing several studs to hold himself up.
“We got it.”  Tim shone his light into the emptiness, heedless of Mark for the moment.  Sure enough straight below him could be seen the top of an elevator two floors down.  The others were nowhere to be seen
Fetterman cursed as he walked up to take a look.
“Crazy huh?” Tim said.  “Freaky looking down there.  Like a bottomless pit waiting to swallow you up.”
“Yeah, but that is not our problem.”  Mark held up his hand and arm.  There was blood running down his hand and wrist as well as spurting out of his arm.
“What the…?”
“I wasn’t thinking and grabbed those steel studs.  They cut me to ribbons.”  Mark held his free hand in his armpit.  “Looks like it’s all up to you buddy.”
Tim looked from Mark’s arm to his eyes, where he held his gaze and then looked at the emptiness of the shaft.  His heart started to pound as he stared two floors below.
“Come over here and listen while I get this bleeding stopped.”  Mark walked a few feet away and nodded toward a drop sheet, covering a desk and chair.  “Tear me several strips.”  Tim did as he was told.
“Okay.”  Mark sat down again and began to bandage the cuts.  “Rapelling has many aspects to it.  The one you were looking at is probably the hardest out there.  A straight line with no gloves, no rings, nothing.  It is going to be tough, but it can be done.  First, you are going to damage your hands, but the cable is probably smooth from heavy use, so it won’t be too bad.  Second, your feet and legs have got to do the work, not your hands.  Please, understand that.”  Mark showed him how to wrap his feet properly around the line and then his legs on an imaginary cable.  “Now, as you drop close you have to slow your descent or he will hear you hit.  He probably will anyway.”  Mark explained quickly as he tied the bandage.  “I will shine the light for you.  Take off your rifle and leave it here.”  Fetterman stood.  “Are you ready?”
“I think so.  Yes, I am ready.”
“Show me real quick.”  Tim took the rifle off and laid it down and then went through the motions of descent.
“Good.  One thing.”  Mark adjusted his grip on the imaginary line.  “When you come to a stop, do this and then cover that line with as much of your body as you can.”
“Got it.”
“Okay, let’s roll, my man.”
They walked to the edge of the abyss and Gillette’s heart started to pound again.  He looked for footing to even make it to the cable.  There was none.
“How do I get out there?”  Tim pointed.
“That’s the real hard part…”  Mark’s face was as serious as the grave.  “You have to jump.”

[↕]

Chet was sweating now in spite of the cool air.  He didn’t exert himself much with his job and was feeling it now.  He would have to get back into shape and start going to the gym.  He hated being like this.  Chet tried to estimate his progress.  There was no way of knowing.  He had passed four stations, all abandoned.  He decided on the next one he would go ahead and go top side to see where he was and see what was going on.  He also told himself that it would help him keep his sanity.  It was downright unnatural walking in the pitch black with every sound echoing back at you – it was getting to him.
He saw a dull light ahead and realized he was nearing another station.  He fought the urge to break out in a run.  It would be stupid, he couldn’t see and might fall, but he knew that he felt that familiar feeling of panic from when he was a kid walking to the neighbor’s house in the dark down the gravel road.  You can never outrun the boogey man.  He reminded himself.
Finally, he approached the station landing, it too was abandoned.  He climbed up and walked toward the stairs, finally climbing back into the comforting heat of the August daylight.

[↕]

The missile was flying level at five thousand feet, it’s radar was suddenly activated and immediately a large object was painted with the first pulse.  One more pulse of the forward facing radar and the target was confirmed.  Instantly, the calculations were done there was a lock as the warhead activated.  The next instant the aileron fins suddenly twitched and turned the missile into a steep arc heading it straight for the ocean surface.
4,800 feet below the command was given.  “Launch, in sequence given.”
The hatch on the fifth missile silo burst open and a plume of flame, smoke and steam shot forth.  In a matter of a half a second the nose of the missile penetrated the cloud and rose into the air, straight upward, the lives of four million people riding its long tail of fire to their death.  Too late!
Just as the second hatch was opening the incoming cruise missile, diving straight down set its detonation sequence as it neared sea level.
The same plume of flame, smoke, and steam filled the air above the submarine.  The nose of the second missile was just visible when impact occurred.  It was a dead center hit.  The General was very close to estimating the approximate distance the sub would travel.  Yet, had the submarine not stopped it would have hit only ocean water.  It was pure luck.  The explosion was spectacular.  The submarine was driven down into the sea and tilted eastwardly, and then the missile detonated.  It ripped the sub apart, literally, from stem to stern, the hull pressure burst, the main lines for the reactor core were instantly ruptured.  It was impossible that anybody or anything would survive, included the launched missile.  It too burst into flames; its fuel tank punctured by the blast and created a fire ball at the water line that would have been seen for miles around.

[↕]

Tim took one last deep breath, tensed his muscles and leapt into the darkness, fighting the urge to scream and instead focused his gaze solely on the place of the cable illuminated by Mark’s light.  He tried to assume the position in mid air and did a decent job.
Tim slammed into the line, his body swung around the far side, wanting to continue the jump, but he gripped the cable with all his might, even as he was jerked and slid down several feet before he could stop.  His heart was in his throat as he clung to the cable as the vibration of his collision shook down the line.  He started sliding down the cable, gripping it with his feet, legs, body, chest and hands.

[↕]

“What. Was. That?”  Ashid stared around him in the darkness.  No one answered him, of course Jacqueline was dead.  Ashid felt for the wall and stood upright from where he had sat staring into nothing wondering what he was going to do.  The elevator had shook and then rattled a little bit.  Now it seemed fine, but once he stood he listened, almost without breathing.  He understood nothing about the mechanics of elevators and feared that it might fall now that the electricity was off.  That is nonsense!  He reasoned or it would have already fallen.  Still forty-eight floors was a long way.  He wanted out and now.  He felt his way along until he came to the crack in the door.  He pushed and pulled with all his might, but nothing happened.  He yanked, but to no avail.  He was just starting to panic when he thought he heard something.  It sounded like a zipper being zipped.  He stopped and listened with intensity.

[↕]

Right then Tim realized that he was going too fast and was not going to be able to stop in time.  Mark had hissed a warning for him to slow down, but it didn’t help.  He thought about grabbing the return cable about two feet away.  He decided against it as he saw the concrete wall rush by.  Instead, Tim gripped the cable until his hands felt like they were on fire and then held tight, squeezing his eyes shut against the pain.  He wouldn’t have been able to see anyway, but he wasn’t prepared for impacting the large pulley wheel and as his feet struck he was thrown off balance.  His feet broke their grip and his legs shot apart and he fell, the wheel jamming into the back of his thigh.  The pain was unbelievable.  Tim groaned in agony.  I think I just broke my femur!   He hung on with his burned hands until he could breathe again.  He flexed his leg muscle, but the pain made him squeeze his eyes shut again.  Then he heard Mark above him.
“Come on man, you gotta fight through it…”  The hissed words reminded Tim of what he was doing and the thought of Jacqueline drove him to pull himself upright.
Just then he heard someone below.
“Help!  Is there someone up there?  Are you the fire department?  I am trapped.”
I am trapped?  It was a man’s voice.  Tim frowned and waited.
“Please, help me out of here.”
“Where’s Jacqueline?”  Tim asked as he pulled out his light, he looked for the hatch to access the elevator before he switched the light on.
There was no answer.  Then a shot coughed out and punched through the roof of the car.
Tim pulled himself above the pulley.
Another shot and then a curse in Arabic.  “Is that you Timothy Gillette?”
“The same.  Is that you, you piece of trash, Ashid?!”
Two more shots rang out and then.
“Stop shooting you idiot!”  Tim shouted.  “You might hit the cable.”
“Then I take you with me, but not to paradise.”
”Go!”  Mark shouted above.
Tim had to know.  “Where is Jacqueline?”
A laugh.  “She is with us.”
That was all Tim needed.  He flicked on the light and saw the hatch.  The insane fanatic was going to kill them all.  Tim leaned over, let go of the cable and jumped.  He pulled his gun in mid air and instantly his feet struck the hatch.  Again pain shot through his thigh, but he was greeted with a tearing sound as the hatch broke loose and he fell through the tiny opening.
Tim tried to hold his gun close to his body to avoid contact with the aperture of the hatch, but as soon as his arm was through he saw in the full light of the flashlight, Ashid Sadar.  Tim struck the floor, staggered, but did not fall down.
Ashid Sadar stared for a split second at the falling star that blinded him and then shut his eyes.
Tim stood upright quickly and then he saw Jacqueline’s body on the floor, her eyes closed.  That was all he needed.  He aimed at the jihad terrorist and pulled the trigger, once, twice, three times.  He lost count.  He stopped when he felt a dead trigger.  His gun was empty and in slide-lock.  His ears were ringing.  He stood and watched the lifeless form of the man who had condemned millions to death in America and the rest of the world, slide down the wall, covering the control panel with blood.  Maybe Tim hadn’t save America.  Maybe he hadn’t saved New York or all his employees, but he had certainly paid a debt of honor.  Tim reflexively reloaded, juggling the light and a new clip with his left hand.  Once he had the gun loaded and charged he holstered it and shone the light on Jacqueline.
Jacqueline’s eyes opened up and she blinked into the light.  Tim stumbled toward her and knelt down, pulling her into a sitting position.
“Jacqueline!  Are you alright?” Tim laid the flashlight on the floor of the elevator and straightened her upright.  Once she was leaning against the wall, he never took his hands off of her.  One of his hands had been cut and now they were both heedless of it getting onto her jacket.
“Oh, Tim!”  Tears filled her eyes as she bravely smiled.  “I am fine.”  Her lip trembled.  “I knew you were coming.  I knew you wouldn’t leave me.”
“Jacqueline, I would never leave you.”  He stared at her face in the dim light and leaned closer to her.  “You have a red lump on your head!  Are you okay?”
She was about ready to reply when a shout rang out above.  “Tim, are you alright?  Did you get him?”
“Yeah!  We are both okay.”  Tim smiled at Jacqueline.  “He’s one dead terrorist!”
“Hooyah!  You did it man!”  Mark replied.  “I’ll be right down.”
“We did it.”  Tim corrected him, but Fetterman never heard he was already to the door of the stairwell.
“Tim, I was very frightened.”  She glanced toward Ashid, but wouldn’t look at the body.  “He was insane, a radical.”
“No need to worry about him anymore, Jacqueline.”  Tim pressed her hand and shoulder.  “Mark will have us out of here in a few minutes.”
They stood there in the comfort of the other’s proximity for some times, neither speaking and then right on cue, Tim heard the staircase door bang closed and then Mark shone his light from the other side.
“Here, I brought a two by four.”  A board came through the opening.  “I will pull and you push.”
“Mark, wait.”  Tim grabbed the board.  “The door was already opening, so it won’t take as much effort.  The mechanism is already reversed.”
“Glad to hear it.  Now push.”  Mark wrapped his arm around the board and Tim pushed off the wall trying to avoid the blood on the floor.  It felt nearly effortless.  The doors rolled back.
“Come on Jacqueline.”  Tim took her by the shoulders and guided her past the body slumped against the wall out through the doors to freedom and off of the elevator.



Chapter 17 – 7:22 PM EST


Chet tossed Mark the mooring line of the Smooth Fusion as Timothy pulled the rudder hard to port.  With the sails nearly fully trimmed they bumped into the lonely slip surrounded by tall oak trees.
“Run it around the mooring, twice.”  Tim called out as he snapped the helm into a locked position.
“Aye, aye.  Captain!”  Chet called back cheerfully.
Tim stepped to the side and walked toward the front of the deck.  The ladies were sitting there watching Chet and Mark tie the lines.
“Not a bad voyage for an entirely green crew.”  Tim smiled at Jacqueline, who wearily smiled back at him.  Madeline looked tired as well.  “Ah, ladies, I am sorry.  You can go on up to the house without us if you like and get a little refreshed while we unload everything.”  Tim pointed and they both looked through the trees at a wonderful sight.
Jacqueline had never seen a house like it.  It was huge and unique, nestled among the centuries-old oak trees, surrounded by a tall iron fence.
“Tim, is that your house?”  She finally managed to ask.
“It is.  It is an old historical home that was built in 1795 and remodeled and expanded in 1847.  I renovated and did restoration work on it several years ago, finishing up the previous owners project.  It is home.”  He reached to take her hand and help her to her feet.  She stood and Tim helped Madeline up also.  “I can unlock the gate and you can go up and look around if you like.”
Jacqueline wanted to, but decided against it.  “That’s alright, we will stay and help.”
“Suit yourself.”  Tim smiled and helped both ladies to the dock.

[↕]

Back in the Dwight building just over three hours ago, they had nearly forgotten about the secretary in all of the excitement, but thankfully they had to go back into the Tim’s office for some things and she was still there, locked in the bathroom, terrified from all of the gunfire.  They finally persuaded that it was safe to come out.
After much discussion, Gillette and Fetterman had decided to carry most of the supplies, weapons, and ammo all the way down the forty-eight flights of stairs.  They improvised packs and began the grueling task, while Jacqueline and Madeline made up another pack for their return.
They ended up only going down to the third floor where Tim commandeered several janitor’s push carts after emptying them of mops, brooms, and chemicals.
“Okay, now who gets to watch the stuff?”  Tim asked.
Mark looked at him and out over the edge of the mezzanine.  “It will probably be fine.”  He looked around.  “I don’t see anyone around.”
Tim was just going to agree when he saw a man coming in the glass doors, which were miraculously still unlocked.  He pointed and they move to the shadows and closer to the railing to get a better look.
“Hello?!”  The man called out.
“Chet!!”  Mark stepped forward and raised his hand.
“Boss!”  He walked closer, looking up at them.  “Man, it is good to see you!”
“Come on up, the stairs are right over there.”  Tim pointed to the open stairwell that led to the second and third floor.
“Oh, yeah!  More walking.”  Chet quipped.
They waited for him to get where they were and exchanged handshakes.
“Okay.  Not to cut the reunion short, but we need you to watch these two carts.”  Mark clapped him on the back.
“Watch them?”  Chet looked, assumed the barrels that he saw were broom handles.  “Why?”  Then he stepped closer.  “Whoa!  You gotta be kidding me!  Where did you get all of these?”
“They are mine.”  Tim said.  “Now they are ours.”
“Awesome.”  Chet looked in and started to rummage around.
“Okay have fun shopping.”  Tim squeezed his arm.  “We got to go.”
Chet turned.  “Where?”
They pointed up and explained the plan.
“Forty-five floors!”  Chet’s mouth fell open.  “I’ll stay with the stuff.”
They laughed and headed toward the stairwell and then Mark paused.  “Chet, get a pistol out and load it.  If anyone tries to even looks at the carts wrong; shoot them.  Don’t hesitate.  Just do it.”
“Okay.” Chet didn’t sound too convinced, but Mark was sure he would do it.
They were able to load the ladies up with a small pack and finished on the next trip and finally pushed the door open to the third floor.
“Who’s there?”  Chet called.
“It’s us, Chet.”  Mark said.  They walked over and started relieving themselves of their packs.
“Chet, let me introduce Jacqueline and Madeline.”
Chet shook Jacqueline’s hand, but when he got to Madeline his hand lingered as he looked into her face.  “It’s my pleasure Miss Jacqueline.”  He furrowed his brow.  “Ma’am, do I know you from somewhere?”
“I don’t know, I came from somewhere.”  Then her eyes lit up.  “Chet!”
“Yup, that’s me.”  Then he remembered.  “Madeline!”
“Wait.”  Mark stood with his pack half off his back.  “You guys know each other?”
Chet jumped right in.  “Yes, we grew up down the road from each other.  Her dad raised chickens, goats, and sheep.”
“And your dad raised cows and horses.”  Madeline chimed in.
Fetterman was speechless.
“Amazing!”  Jacqueline summed it up.  That broke the spell.
They all laughed and Chet offered to help with Madeline’s pack, as Mark came over and stared at the two.
“What are the chances?”  He shook his head and went to loading the carts.  He got the feeling that he was the odd guy out now.  The only one without a female friend in the group.
Tim helped Jacqueline with her pack, when he finished he looked into the cart.  There was no more room.
“Mark we need one more cart.  Let’s go scour around.”  They split up and after some time Chet hollered out that he had found one.  They came back to their meeting point.
“Let’s go get non-perishables from the small restaurants in the mezzanine cafés.”  After several trips and hopping counters they had a cart loaded with shelf food.
Mark commented that it hadn’t taken people long to clear out.
“Never does after a power failure.”  Tim replied.  “I am surprised I haven’t seen the security guard though.  He usually makes his rounds and locks up anyway.
“Well, let’s get out of here before we do see him.”  Mark laughed.  They all agreed and the three men pushed carts toward the sliding glass doors leading to the parking garage.

[↕]

It had taken less time than they thought to make it to the boat docks and load Timothy’s sailboat.  Then they quickly slipped moorings and left the empty janitor carts standing on the dock as a silent witness of their departure.

[↕]

After several trips to just inside the fence, Tim announced they were done and could go to the house.
“This stuff will be safe for now.”  He went into the small shed a few feet away and retrieved a canvas tarp.  Chet and Mark helped him cover the cache.
“Now, let’s go up to the house.  I am hungry.  Dinner should be about done.”
“Dinner?”  Chet echoed.  “Great!  I am starved.”
They all laughed as they fell into step.
“Somehow, I am not surprised.”  Mark said.
Chet walked beside Madeline the short way to the back door and Tim could hear them talking quietly between themselves, but he didn’t pay much attention.  His eyes were searching the grounds and the property beyond the fence for any intruders.  When he was certainly no one was around he quickened his pace, this time searching the windows for Laura.  She should be watching and prepared.  He didn’t see her.  He checked his stride.
“What’s wrong?”  Jacqueline asked.
“Not sure that anything is wrong.”  Tim replied without taking his eyes off of the house.  Finally, he called out.  “Hello!”  He saw movement in the window by the back door.
He resumed his pace, but motioned for the others to stay back.  He walked onto the back porch alone.
Suddenly, the back door burst open and a tall woman carrying a shotgun rushed out, her blonde hair streaming behind her.  “Tim!!!”  She screamed as she set the gun against the wall.  Tim motioned for the others to come forward just as Laura threw her arms around him and kissed him repeatedly on the cheek.  “Aah!  I was so worried.”  He gently pushed her back from him.
“It’s happened Laura.”  He looked serious.
“Yes, I figured it out.  Just like you said.”  They embraced again and Tim spoke to her that it was going to be alright.
They all stood watching without saying a word.  Chet and Madeline were smiling at the domestic scene.  Mark looked serious, but not unhappy.  He kept looking at Jacqueline out of the corner of his eyes.  Jacqueline was far from smiling.  She looked sick.  As a matter of fact, she felt sick.  She looked the blonde bombshell over repeatedly and at Tim’s smiling face.  The woman was a perfect specimen.  It was odd that she was in a flowing dress, but it did nothing to hide the fact that she was a stunning beauty with a figure.  Jacqueline looked for a place to sit down, before she passed out.  Her hopes were dashed once again.  She knew better than to hope there could be something between her and Tim.
Finally, Tim turned and introduced Laura.
“Everyone this is Laura Gillette, the best cook in the whole world.”  He introduced each in turn.  Laura’s glance lingered on Jacqueline.
“Honey, you don’t look very well.  Are you alright?”
“Fine.”  Was all Jacqueline could manage to reply.  She didn’t want to be rude, but she couldn’t muster any other words.
“She has had a rough day, Laura.”  Tim reached to take Jacqueline’s hand, but she turned, and simply stood on her own, looking down at the boards in the patio.  Tim frowned, but didn’t have a chance to say anything as Mark stepped forward.
“Here Tim, I’ll give her a hand.  You lead the way.”
Tim turned reluctantly and went into the house.
They followed him into a spacious sitting room lined with many, many old and new books on dark wooden shelves.  There were candles burning on just about every table in the room and the room looked beautiful.  He led the the way into the dining room, where there was a long table set for two.
“Let me fix that real quick.”  Laura pushed her way to the front of the group and disappeared around the corner.  Madeline called out that she would like to help.  “Nonsense.  Sit down and I let you know when it is ready.”
They looked around for a place to sit.  Chet and Madeline chose, the loveseat, to neither Mark nor Tim’s surprise.  It was evident what was going on between the two; they were picking up where they had left off years before.  Chet’s part time girlfriend with the Chihuahua was forgotten, the truth was he had simply liked her as a friend and the Chihuahua had sealed the fate of the relationship in his mind earlier that day.  Now he sat with Madeline; a childhood love was rekindled and it was a breath of freshness into the reality of their dire situation and future.
“Tim, dear, will you come help me for a second?”  Tim had just started to motion for Jacqueline to take a seat next to his favorite chair, but she had already sat down on a wicker chair outside of the circle of leather furniture.  Mark, nonplussed plopped down in an overstuffed arm chair and took up a book from the coffee table.  Opened it up and leaned toward the candle and began to read.
“Tim?”
Gillette stood for a moment and then turned toward the kitchen.  “Coming.”
Laura was pulling dishes down from the cupboards and setting them on the counter top.  She stopped and looked at him, then quietly asked.  “Tim, is there something that you are not telling me?”
“What do you mean?”  Tim replied defensively.  “There is a whole day that I haven’t told you about.”
“Tim, you know what I mean.”  Laura arched her eyebrow.
I knew it was going to be trouble.  Tim thought.
Laura reached for another set of silverware and then turned again.  “The pretty gal, who is she?”
“Which one?”  Tim played dumb; he wasn’t going to make this easy.
“Don’t play games with me Tim!”  Laura was losing her patience.  “The drop-dead-in-your-tracks gorgeous, olive-skinned one; that’s the one I mean.”  She pursed her lips.  “Who is she?”
“She is a girl that works, worked, for us.”
“A woman, you mean.”  Laura corrected.
“Okay, fine, a woman.”  Tim conceded and reached for the stack of plates.  Laura grabbed his wrist before he could grab them and run off to the dining room.
“Tim, are you sure there is not something you need to tell me?  I saw you all walking up and she couldn’t keep her eyes off of you.  She was smiling and her face was aglow, that is, until I came out.  She looks like a wilted rose now.”  Laura squeezed his wrist tightly.  “You been flirting around?  What have I told you before?”
“Let go of my arm.”  Tim commanded a little louder than he intended.  She obeyed.  “I know.  Listen, Laura, it all just happened.  Look…”  Tim searched for an explanation.  “Yes, she is beautiful, but until today there has been nothing between us.  It was just a coworker, that’s all.  I promise.”
“What happened today?”
Tim put his foot down.  “Laura, you are keeping them waiting.  I will explain it all to you after dinner.”
Her face softened and she admitted Tim was right.  “Okay, but don’t try to get out of it.”
Tim reached for the plates and without another word walked toward the table.

[↕]

“Wonderful meal!”  Chet was the first to finish.
“Would you like some more?”  Laura asked, but was already handing down the plate of rolls past the burning hurricane lantern.
“Yes, it was very good.”  Mark wiped his mouth.  “Thank you.  I can’t remember the last time I have had a meal by candlelight.”
Everyone laughed, except for Jacqueline.
“My pleasure.”  Laura looked straight at Jacqueline.  “Dear can I get you anything?”  She had hardly touched her plate.  Neither had Tim for that matter.
“No, thank you.”  Jacqueline politely replied and forced a smile.  “I am going to excuse myself and get some air.  I don’t feel too well.”  She promptly stood and walked from the room as a gloomy hush fell over the dining table.
Laura started to follow her, but Tim stood up and put a hand to Laura’s shoulder.  “I think I need to talk to her.”
Laura didn’t reply, just looked into his eyes, searching for something that would tell her what was going on between Tim and this beautiful woman.  She finally turned and started gathering dirty dishes as Tim walked from the dining room.  He looked for Jacqueline and saw movement on the back porch in the glow of the evening.  He softly padded his way to the door and then stood with his hand on the knob.  He had a decision to make.  He had to tell her, but didn’t know how.  He stood for several seconds, his heart pounding with indecision.  Finally, he softly turned the knob and pulled the door quietly open.  He deftly stepped outside and shut the door behind him.  Jacqueline was about ten feet away and Tim could hear her crying.  He took a step toward her.
Jacqueline heard the door click behind her and turned quickly, wiping the tears from her cheeks.  It was Tim, the last person she wanted to see or talk to.
“Jacqueline.”  He began.  She turned away from him and clenched her fists to keep from shedding more tears.  “Jacqueline,” He continued as he walked up behind her.  “I…that it…Jacqueline, there is something that I need to tell you.”
This brought an instant reaction from her.  She wheeled around facing him, the expression on her face slightly contorted in pain and anger, but none less beautiful.  He noticed her fists and wondered if she was going to swing at him.
“I would suppose so Mr. Timothy Gillette!”  She wiped a tear angrily.  “Didn’t I tell you not to play games with me?  Didn’t I say, I didn’t want to get hurt?”  She pointed an angry finger at him.  “You promised not to hurt me!”
“I…”  He started to reply
“Don’t say a word!  You promised!”  She turned away and in a quiet voice as if speaking to the trees she said, “I don’t even want to live anymore.”
“Jacqueline don’t say that!”  Tim rebuked her and stepped closer.  She stepped back.
“Don’t try all that on me, Mister.  Stay back.”
“Okay.  I will, if you agree to tell me what is wrong.”
“Wrong?  Wrong!”  She started to cry again.  “I’ll tell you what’s wrong.  My whole life has been wrecked.  Today, I lost my mother and didn’t even get to say goodbye.  I will never see her again.  Today, I lost my country I love.  I watched a man get shot to ribbons right in front of my eyes!”
“I am sorry.”
She held up her hand.  “Then I…I come to your house and watch as a blonde babe comes bounding out of the house and covers her husband in kisses!”
Tim was speechless.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought!  You are just like all the other men I have watched.  You want your cake and eat it too; a little friend at work and a wife when you get home.”
Tim found his voice.  “Jacqueline!”  He stepped closer again.  She started to step back, but he grabbed her forearm and stopped her.  “Listen to me.”
She jerked on her arm and turned her head, but then stood still.  Timothy’s hands were burnt from the cable in the elevator and she could feel the damage on her forearm.  It made her heart swell again at how he had risked his life to save hers, but she resolved to not give in to him now.
“Jacqueline, you got this all wrong.”
She simply huffed and tugged again.
“Stop pulling away from me!”  Tim ordered as he winced in pain.
She looked at him then.  “I ought to slap you.”  Really what she wanted to do was fall into his arms, but it was all too painful for her.  She needed time alone.
“Go ahead.  If it makes you feel better, but do it after I finish.”  He was angry now himself.  “First of all, Laura is not my wife she is my sister!”
“What?”
“She is not my wife she is my sister.”  Tim repeated.  “Her husband died several years ago and I told her to come live with me.  I needed someone to look after the place and she was really going through it.”
Jacqueline was stunned.  “But you introduced her and…”
“Yes, she took the old family name.  It was better that way for our estate, but she is my sister.”
“Oh,” Jacqueline looked at the ground and ceased to pull back from Tim’s grasp.
“Jacqueline that is not what I came out here to tell you.”
She looked back up quickly.  “It’s not?”
“No.”
“I don’t know if I can handle any more surprises.”
“I didn’t think this would be a surprise.”
Her face wrinkled in a question.
“Jacqueline, I…I...”  Tim hesitated and looked away briefly.  “Jacqueline,” He looked back into her dark eyes.  “I love you.”
She took a sharp breath in and her eyes went wide.  “You do?”
“You didn’t know that? You couldn’t tell?”  Tim was a little uncertain of where he stood now.  He thought they had an understanding.  “After everything today.”
She put her hand to her face and wiped a tear.
“Why are you crying?”
“Because, Tim, I didn’t think I would ever hear you say those words.”  She paused.  “Since, I first started working for DefSol, I knew that I would never be happy without you.  I couldn’t explain it.  It was just that every time I saw you or you talked to me, I felt so excited about life.  I felt happy.  I kept it to myself, but it was always with me.  I found I respected you more than any other man I had ever met.”
“Jacqueline, it seems the same way for me.”
“Then why did we wait for so long?”  She sniffed.
“We all had jobs to do, I guess…and corporate protocol, remember?”  He shrugged, then added.  “Not anymore though.”
“That’s true.” She arched her eyebrow and nodded.
Tim was quiet for a moment.
“Jacqueline there is something I need to ask, two things actually.”
“What are they?”
“The first is this:  Do you love me?”
“Tim, I do love you.”  She put her hand on top of his arm.
“Okay.”  He took a deep breath again.  “The second is a little more complicated because I don’t know how we can go about it now, but…Jacqueline, will you marry me.”  He took her other hand and then held both of them in his.
“I would be the happiest woman alive.”
Tim pulled her to him and they embraced, her tears were dried on the shoulder of his shirt.  He pulled her away slightly and took her face in his hands and as the final arc of the sun cast a glow on the water, a seagull called, as the evening breeze brought in the cool, salty, air and the world was right again.  He could hear the waves gently caressing the shore with the coming tide as his lips touched hers.

THE END



Author’s Notes

Thank you for reading my book!  It is a pleasure to share it with you.  I began this book last October, but because of the business of life finished it the summer of 2014.  The Prologue opens with the trial runs of the Yury Dolgoruky, which was commissioned around January 10 of last year.  The technology of which I have written exists and I have included links to news articles for your interest.  That being said, the premise of this book began before the attention of the United States, and the world, was turned so completely to the revelation of our current program of domestic spying.  It was completely surreal that as I completed more and more of my book, things that I had just written about would come out in the news!  I would immediately save the links in the wish to include them at the end of this book.  
This story could have been more complicated in the technological sense, I could have introduced much more pervasive technology than I did, but for the sake of the reader’s enjoyment the decision was made not to inundate you with too many technical terms, political jargon, arguments, and mind bending plots.  I wished to convey an idea and a certain philosophy.  While I tried to be tasteful in doing so, it wasn’t my desire to be subtle.  I stated what I wanted to.
Once again I hope you enjoyed the read.  Please leave me a review – a favorable one would be a high compliment.  Also, please check out my other books if you so desire.  That being said, I have already started on another shorter novel and hope for completion by year’s end.  As well, there are other works that have been in the oven for awhile, some pending research and others just lacking purely the time.



ADDITIONAL TITLES:
The Two Schillings
The Last Nazi



CONNECT WITH THIS AUTHOR:
http://www.anthonyobrian.wordpress.com/


NEWS LINKS:
(Note: several major news outlets deleted their stories and their links are now inactive.  There were approximately 25% more.)

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/09/technology/personaltech/review-wearable-filip-phone-tracker.html?_r=0

http://nation.foxnews.com/gun-rights/2013/01/03/fbi-more-people-killed-hammers-clubs-each-year-rifles

http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/06/06/exclusive-google-will-soon-introduce-nearby-to-let-other-people-places-and-things-know-when-youre-around/

http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2014-03/26/biometrics-the-good-and-bad

http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/obama-im-concerned-about-loose-nuke-being-detonated-manhattan_786009.html

http://www.myfoxdc.com/story/25053736/cupid-drone-armed-with-taser-gaining-interest-from-military#axzz2wtsNdywh

http://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2014/03/10/big-brother-small-city-river-islands-will-feature-heavy-surveillance/

http://watchdog.org/131254/local-police-spy/

http://touch.govexec.com/govexec/#!/entry/531222fdb7d8d24162ce50ab?origin=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.govexec.com%2Fdefense%2F2007%2F12%2Fland-based-backup-to-gps-wins-reprieve-in-spending-bill%2F25982%2F&oswts=1403392336508

http://betabeat.com/2014/02/watch-what-you-text-iphone-surveillance-startup-moves-to-nyc/

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/27/gchq-nsa-webcam-images-internet-yahoo

http://www.infowars.com/homeland-security-to-activate-national-license-plate-recognition-database/

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/27/nsa-gchq-smartphone-app-angry-birds-personal-data

http://www.myfoxdc.com/story/25729177/surveillance-video-shows-man-injured-in-out-of-control-elevator

http://www.thetileapp.com/?utm_source=AdWords&utm_medium=CPC&mkwid=c52EIgSAk&pcrid=32895692814&pkw=&pmt=&pdv=t

http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2014/05/13/i-team-texas-firm-tracking-your-car-with-license-plate-cameras/

http://news.yahoo.com/us-pushing-local-cops-stay-174613067.html

http://www.space.com/25631-sun-unleashes-major-solar-flare-video.html

http://www.breitbart.com/InstaBlog/2014/04/23/Report-87-percent-of-online-spying-comes-from-governments

http://freebeacon.com/national-security/russia-tests-multi-warhead-icbm/

http://rt.com/news/russian-noiseless-borei-submarine-106/

http://rt.com/news/yury-dolgoruky-submarine-ceremony-678/

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/secret-state-trevor-paglen-documents-the-hidden-world-of-governmental-surveillance-from-drone-bases-to-black-sites-9536376.html

