








The Phoenix Blade
By Andrew Hess
Published by Phoenix Entertainment and Development at Createspace.
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013
ISBN-978-1482052732













This book is dedicated to my parents who always believed in me and my family who always supported my dreams.

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Chapter 70
Chapter 71
Chapter 72
Chapter 73
Chapter 74
Chapter 75
Chapter 76
Chapter 77
Chapter 78
Chapter 79
Chapter 80
Chapter 81
Chapter 82
Chapter 83
Chapter 84
Chapter 85
Chapter 86
Chapter 87
Chapter 88
Chapter 89
Chapter 90
Chapter 91
Chapter 92
Chapter 93
Chapter 94
Chapter 95
Epilogue








Prologue


Chapter 1
Bright white lights.  It was the first thing I noticed when I opened my eyes. My head was throbbing; everything was blurry.
“Just relax Mr. Lancaster,” a stern woman’s voice said as she laid a hand on my chest; forcing me back to the bed.  “You’ve been through a major ordeal and need rest.”
I tried to push myself up on the bed, but found my arms tied down with thick leather restraints.  
“What’s going on?  Where am I?”
“Relax, you’re in good hands.”
I craned my neck to look through the window on a solid white door.  I thought I saw a familiar face standing outside. She had short brown hair. I wanted nothing more than to get out of that room, but was remanded to the bed. My arms thrashed around; trying to fight the restraints, but couldn’t move them more than an inch from the plain white sheets. My claustrophobia was kicking in; making my heart beat faster; keeping in time with the loud beeps on the machines I was hooked up to.
 “Mr. Lancaster, you need to relax.”
 But I couldn’t. I didn’t like being held against my will. I was scared and alone; held hostage by some random woman in a white room. 
Suddenly, I felt a calming sensation sweep over my body as if every muscle in my body was relaxed and numb.
“There, that should do it,” the woman said as she injected a syringe into my IV. She wiped my eyes; allowing me to see her large frame standing next to the bed. Her blue surgical mask covered her face; keeping her identity hidden.
“What did you do to me?” It was the only words I was able to speak before the room blurred and faded. 
“He should be out any second.” The woman’s voice echoed as if she was talking down a long hallway.
“Good bring him downstairs,” a stern male voice said. I could hear a loud long beep as I was wheeled out of the room forcefully.














Part 1: Vengeance
 

Chapter 2
December 21st, 2006, it was the day my life would change forever. It was a cold wintery day in Buffalo. I was sitting on my stained blue couch that I found a year and a half ago; sitting on the curb around the corner from my apartment. I sat watching one of my favorite movies, Boondock Saints, when the doorbell rang.
I stared at the TV, sighed and paused the movie before walking down the flight of stairs to my front door. 
“Yo open up,” a loud voice shouted from outside. “Get your ass up and let me in already. It’s freezing out here.”
I knew it could only be one person. I jumped down the last few steps and opened the door. A tall muscular man stood on the top step; wearing a black pea coat.
“Mike, what are you doing here?”
“Don’t tell me you forgot already. I’m heading up to see my sister and figured I’d stop by for a visit.”
How could I forget? Mike’s sister moved up here in August to attend the University of Buffalo for their International studies program. It was the first time I had seen Mike since he helped her move.
I shivered as we stood in the doorway. He was right; it was getting brutally cold out.
“Let’s get inside before we let all the heat out.” I waited for Mike to climb the stairs before closing the door and meeting him in the living room.
Mike stared at the TV. “You’re still watching that? I would have thought by now you would have gotten sick of it.”
“You know it’s my favorite movie. I could watch it all day.”
“Works for me.” Mike took off his jacket; placing it on the couch and grabbed the remote. He clicked play and sat down; reclining the chair.
“Please, make yourself at home.”
“I always do,” he laughed. “Care to join me?” He gestured to the other side of the couch that reclined. 
I sat down and continued watching the movie. We laughed as the two brothers hung from the ceiling; shooting their victims. It was one of my favorite parts because of the joke about the rope.
I did my best impersonation of an Irish accent as I quoted the movie. “Name one thing you’re gonna need the stupid rope for.”
“Can we watch this once without you saying all the words?”
“Of course not. I love this movie. Stuff like this should happen in real life.”
“Don’t start this again.” Mike knew where the conversation was heading. We talked it over at least a dozen times over the phone, at the bar, through emails.
“You mean to tell me you wouldn’t want all the greedy corporate leaders and corrupt politicians to disappear?”
“What good would it do?”
“For starters, it would make the world a better place.”
“We’ve been through this before. There’s no way to make them magically disappear.”
I looked at him with my eyebrows raised. 
“Oh no, I know what you’re thinking.” There was only one way to eliminate the people that were truly evil from the country.
“We could kill them.”
“What’s this we shit?”
“You wouldn’t back me up?”
He thought about it long and hard for a moment; wondering what it would be like for us to go on a rampage; a crusade to kill all the evil people in the world.
I laughed it off. “You know I’m only joking right?” I could see the worry leave his face instantly.
“Can you stop joking about that shit? Half the time I wonder if your joking or if you’re going to end up with your picture plastered all over the news as the cops hunt you down and kill you.”
“It’s not gonna happen.”
“That’s a relief.” He shook off the conversation and reached for the remote. “How’s it been up here?”
“Same old shit. I go to school, I go to work, I walk around in the freezing cold and then I come back here to fall asleep.”
“You coming back to Long Island for Christmas?”
“I really don’t want to, but my dad is making me.”
“Look on the Brightside. You get to party with me for a few days.”
“Thanks, I’ll need it.”
“And I know someone else that’ll be happy to see you.”
My eyes lit up. My lips curled into a smile. “Lilly!”
“She’s been asking me when you’re getting back. I was beginning to wonder if you ever would.” 
It was something I wondered myself, but I had my reasons for not coming home. “Put the movie back on.”

Chapter 3
It had been three hours since Mike arrived. The movie was over and I could feel my eyelids slowly shutting; drifting off into a nice relaxing sleep. It was peaceful; probably the first time I slept without the same reoccurring nightmare where I relived my mother’s death. 
She died when I was fifteen in a fiery car crash on the east bound side of Sunrise Highway on Long Island. She left me in charge of keeping my younger brother Steven out of trouble while she went to our older brother’s house to babysit his children. I replayed the last moments I spent with her every night for six years.
“Drew,” Mike moaned from his recliner with the echo of a rock song accompanying his moans. “Drew, your phone’s ringing.” Mike took a pillow from the couch and threw it at my head. “Drew!”
The force from the pillow hitting my face jolted me out of my peaceful sleep. I caught the end of the song; hearing the last the lyrics talking about making our mark on this world. I reached for the phone as the call ended and sent to voicemail.
“Who was it,” Mike asked with annoyance in his voice.
I watched the screen; waiting for two circles to appear at the top of the screen to let me know I had a new voicemail, but they never showed. “I guess it wasn’t important.”
I rubbed my eyes repeatedly as my contacts dried out from sleeping in them.
“You okay,” Mike asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just wish I could have slept a little more. That was the best nap I had in a while.”
“Why?”
I looked at Mike; wondering what he would say if I told him about the nightmares and how intense they were getting.
He looked at me with concern. “You’re having those dreams again; aren’t you?”
He saw right through me. I couldn’t deny it. Mike knew when I was lying. After all he had been my best friend since the beginning of high school.
“I’ve had them every night for the last few months, but lately they’ve been getting worse.”
“Worse how?”
“I started seeing the car crash and hearing officers talk about her death; like it was more than just an accident.”
“You probably remember hearing them being at your house and talking to your dad.”
“No, this was different.” I didn’t want to tell Mike about the most recent dream. I was at a funeral home watching my family mourn my mother. There was a long procession line waiting to get inside the room. I snuck passed them saw a chubby teenage version of me wearing an old hand me down black suit; standing next to a tall clean shaven man with slick black hair and sharp three piece black suit. I continued towards the casket, leaned in to see my mom and jumped back as I stared at my own lifeless body lying in the wooden box.
I wanted to tell him everything, but instead kept my focus on my phone. “What time do you have to see Liz?”
Mike sat up; pushing the recliner back into an upright position and looked at the clock.
“I’m supposed to be there by five.”
“You better get going. It’ll take you a while to get over there.”
Mike stood up as the phone rang again. The song blaring loudly next to me. I looked at the caller ID; saying Unknown Caller.
“Answer it already,” Mike shouted. “I’m sick of hearing that stupid song.”
“Hello,” I answered.
“Hi, I’m looking for Andrew Lancaster,” a cold stern voice responded. It didn’t sound like anyone I knew.
“Who’s calling?”
“Someone who has the power to change your life forever.” His voice grew more confident with every word he spoke.
“If this is some telemarketer, you can hang up now. I don’t have any money and I’m not interested in what you have to say.”
“I assure you; this isn’t a sales pitch and I am not a telemarketer.”
“I don’t know what you want, but I don’t have time for any games.”
“Mr. Lancaster, it has come to my attention that you and a few friends have discussed eliminating certain types of people.”
My heart leapt into my throat. Who was this and how did he know about that? My jaw hung open as I searched for something to say.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Mike stopped at the top of the stairs and watched with curiosity.
“Don’t play dumb with me.” The man’s voice became louder and more forceful. “You and your friends have been monitored for quite some time now. We know everything.”
“What are you talking about?”
“We have spent the last few months hacking your emails and listening in on your calls. We know you want justice carried out against those who weaseled their way around the judicial system.”
Whoever this man was, knew something I only shared with two people. “Who are you? How did you get this number?”
“I work for the U.S. government and have been authorized to present you with an ultimatum.”
My face turned pale white. My heartbeat grew faster.
Mike could see something was wrong. He put his jacket down and walked back to the living room. 
“What’s wrong?”
I placed the call on speaker; allowing him to hear the rest of the conversation. I pressed a finger to my lips; hoping he would just stay quiet for once.
“Look Mister. I don’t know who you are, but that was just a joke between me and my friends.”
“That doesn’t matter to me. I’ve been instructed to present you with the following options. The first is to wait at your house and a team of FBI agents can be at your house in a half hour to arrest you and then your friends.”
“They had nothing to do with it. This was my idea; my joke.”
“All three of you will be brought up on charges of treason and conspiracy to commit an act of terror in the United States”
“That’s bullshit and you know it.” Mike’s anger burst at the thought of being arrested for something that we joked around about.
I could hear the papers rustling over the phone. “That would be… ah yes; Mr. Santangelo.”
“How does he know my name?”
I placed a hand over his mouth. “What’s our other option?”
He cleared his throat. “The government is putting together a top secret project; one that will capture and eliminate those that have evaded justice.”
“How is that possible,” Mike asked.
“That’s confidential.”
“So what do you want with us?”
“You and your friends get your wish. We will provide you a list of targets and evidence that proves their guilt. You’ll also receive aid from the government.”
“If you have evidence that proves their wrongdoing, why not put them in jail where they belong?”
“Some have already been tried and found not guilty. Others have ways to get around the judicial system. We all know it’s fallible.”
Mike and I stared at each other in disbelief. How is this possible? 
“Why me,” I asked. “Why us?”
“You three wanted to make the world a better place. We’re giving you that chance. As for you Mister Lancaster; who better to lead the team than someone who has never received justice for his own mother’s murder?”
“But it-it was ruled an accident.”
“That’s what you were led to believe. I have proof of her murder and can tell you who’s responsible.”
“Who did it? Tell me. I need to know.”
“I’ll leave that up to you to find out. One of our men will be by tonight to deliver a few files for you and your friends. I suggest you look them over carefully. I look forward to your answer.”
“Wait, what’s your name? How do we contact you with our answer?
“I’m the Benefactor, and I’ll contact you when we’re ready.”

Chapter 4
I stood in silence; letting the Benefactor’s words sink in. You three wanted to make the world a better place; now here’s your chance. Who better to lead the team than someone who never received justice for his own mother’s murder?
“Snap out of it Drew,” Mike said; shaking me out of my daze. “You can’t be seriously considering it; are you?”
“I don’t know.” Those were the only words I could come up with. I was in shock after hearing someone confirm my mother was murdered. I wanted nothing more than to find out who did it.
“What do you want me to do,” Mike asked.
“Go get your sister. Have a good night hanging out with her. I’ll let you know what happens here.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I can handle myself for now.”
“Okay, but just know I have your back if you need anything.”
“Thanks, I might need to take you up on that this time.”
Mike walked down the stairs and exited my apartment; leaving me with a queasy feeling in my stomach. 
I thought about the Benefactor’s proposal. We could do some good in the world for a change, but at the same time I could lose everything I love.

Chapter 5
The Benefactor scurried to his private office. It was his sanctum; one that very few people knew about. It looked like an old log cabin you would find in the woods, but this hidden by trees and dirt roads; making it feel like the middle of nowhere in Baltimore. This was where he felt most comfortable and helped keep his personal life separate from his business.
He entered the large glass doors and nodded to his busty blond secretary as he passed; talking quietly on the phone as he removed a small silver key from a chain around his neck. He slid a wooden panel aside and used the key to unlock a metal door.
His office was dark, but like the exterior, reminded him of his days hunting in the woods with his family when he was younger. The shelves were lined with books about War and politics; giving him insight into the great minds that once protected the country. A large mahogany desk sat in front of the window with the curtains drawn; letting a soft glow from the sun peak its way in.
“Are you still there,” he asked into a small cell phone that clung to his ear as he approached the desk. 
“Yes,” said the man on the other end. His voice quivering as he replied. 
“Good, I need the numbers.” The Benefactor pulled the leather chair away from the desk and sat down as he pulled open the top drawer and removed a notepad and pen.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this?
The Benefactor looked at his Armani watch nervously. “Our investors will be here any minute and the first recruits have been contacted. There’s no turning back now.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing.”
“Just make sure those transactions go through undetected,” the Benefactor snapped. “We don’t need anyone catching on to what we’re planning. All of us have something to lose.”
The Benefactor hung up the phone and turned his computer on. A picture of a man with grey hair stood in a suit with his arm around a pale woman with auburn hair and a small boy that bared a resemblance to the man in the picture. He pulled up the files marked Project Justice and sent them to the printer. 
He buzzed the intercom three times; alerting his secretary of his urgency to see her. The door slowly opened; revealing the tall busty blond from the front desk. She sashayed into the room wearing a tight white half buttoned blouse and short red skirt that left little to the imagination.
“Yes sir. You wanted to see me.”
“Joyce, I need the conference room set up immediately and the papers from the printer placed at every seat.”
“Is there anything I can do for you after that,” she said seductively while leaning a hand gently on the front of the desk.
“Hold all my calls. I don’t want any disruptions.”
Joyce leaned over the desk; letting her breasts come down to his eye level and grabbed his hand. 
“I’ll get right on that.” She sauntered out of the room; letting her hips sway from side to side.
“Oh and Joyce… I want to see you in my office after the meeting.” He cleared his throat loudly. “I’ll be conducting your performance review.”
She looked back and smiled at the Benefactor before closing the door. He waited to hear the click of the door shutting before reaching for his phone.
“Agent Fields here,” the voice said as the call connected.
“It’s me. Did you get the file I sent over?”
“Yes sir.”
“Good. I need you to deliver that along with the care package to the address I sent you. I need you there by tonight and be very discrete.”
“I’ll be there in two hours. I won’t let you down.”
The Benefactor hung up the phone immediately as the buzzer from the intercom echoed loudly in the office.
“Sir, I wanted to let you know your guests have arrived.”
“Send them to the conference room. I’ll be there shortly.”
The Benefactor looked at his computer screen and found a new email from someone called the Principle. He opened it; finding three sets of numbers. He printed them out and exited his office; finding the door to the conference room wide open.
There were a dozen men in well-dressed suits sitting at a glossy golden brown table.
“My friends, you know why we’re here; so let’s get down to business. The first recruits have been contacted for Project Justice. One of our assets will be delivering their first mission and supplies tonight. This will be a costly project, but will benefit the country in the end. If you would kindly open your files, you will see our current expenses and future expenditures. All money will be allocated to an offshore account which will be monitored by our own personal accountant. Any questions?”
The group shook their heads no as they watched the Benefactor walk around the room. As he turned to take a seat at the front of the table a handle rose into the air. 
“With all due respect, why were these recruits chosen?”
“Pardon me?”
“I mean, none of them have military training or combat training. So why were they chose?”
“If this fails, it fails because of them. If they get caught, who would believe them when they say the government made them do it. It’s why the first mission is set for Mr. Lancaster to get revenge for his mother’s death. It will solidify them to our cause.”

Chapter 6
It was my worst fear was confirmed. Someone finally told me the one thing I knew in my heart; my mother was murdered.
A few months after my mother’s death, my father started dating a woman by the name of Mona Jenkins. At the time, she was a woman in her late thirties with long blond hair. Her clothes were designer made and make-up was perfectly done; highlighting her features as if she was a model walking off the set of a photo shoot. She married my dad within a year and forcefully took over our lives; barking orders at Steven and me as if we were her servants instead of step-children.
I was thankful when I graduated high school. I was thankfully accepted at the University of Buffalo. It was lonely up there, but it became home quickly. Steven couldn’t wait to escape Mona either. He chose to go to a local community college while working for Chase. They paid him well; which he saved and moved out on his own by the time he was nineteen.
My mind was made up. I wanted to know the truth, but at what cost? Mike and Lilly were stuck in the middle of this due to my demented thoughts. How could I ask them to do this? How could I ask them to help me kill people?
Mike has always been like another brother to me. We met the first day of high school and bonded over watching pro wrestling. We were the class clowns; making jokes during class, convinced the teacher to let us run the class, and even took our final wearing giant sombreros for our computer science class. Despite the great memories we shared, he was there for me when my mom died; cheering me up, getting me drunk, and spent hours hanging out at pool halls with me until they closed for the night.
Lilly was a different story. We didn’t do anything reckless or dangerous. Instead, we sat at her house watching movies. I met her two months before my mother’s accident. She became my rock. We spent several nights on her porch; staring at the stars in the sky. I didn’t need anything but her to feel at peace, but I never found the right time to tell her. I was always afraid of risking our friendship on the chance of us dating.
But now everything has changed. The Benefactor’s call was about to turn our lives upside down. The chance to tell her how I felt vanished before my very eyes.
I watched the clock; eagerly waiting for someone to arrive. My heart slowed to a crawl with every passing minute. Until finally; there was a loud knock on the door.

Chapter 7
I stood in front of the peeling white door; feeling the cold draft blow on the tiled floor beneath my bare feet.
“Who-who is it,” I asked with a quiver in my voice.
There was no answer. Maybe he thought no one was home and walked away I thought. But knocking continued moments later. I reached for the fake gold handle and opened the door. An instant wave of cold slammed into my body; making my skin feel like I had been outside for an hour with no coat on.
“Get in quickly,” a man’s voice said in a hushed tone. My guest was average height with bright blond hair. His suit tried hard to remain pressed, but had little wrinkles on the white sleeves and black pants.
“Can I help you,” I asked.
“Mr. Lancaster I presume.” The man stood in front of the door with a black briefcase. He waited for me to nod yes before reaching into the inside of his suit jacket. “I am Special Agent Fields with the FBI.”
My heart was beating faster than a snare drum after someone called for a drum roll. Was he the man the Benefactor told me about, or was he here to arrest me?
“Uh, how can I help you?”
I held out the briefcase. “The Benefactor sent me here to give you this.” I reluctantly took the case from him. “This is everything you’ll need to know for your first mission.”
“But I didn’t agree to..”
He waived me off instantly. “None of that matters to me. The information in that briefcase is classified. I suggest you look it over before he contacts you again.”
Agent Fields opened the door and vanished from the doorstep as if he fell through a hole. The cold air hit me hard again; sending a shiver down my entire body. I looked around for any sign of Agent Fields, but could not see anything but a parking lot full of cars.
I closed the door and hurried upstairs; nearly tripping over the last step as leaped up two steps at a time in anticipation of learning the truth about my mother’s death.
I opened the briefcase; finding five manila folders piled on top of each other in a neat pile. A black divider kept them in place; leaving room for three new licenses and cell phones.
The first file was a single sheet of white paper. The typed words were bold and told me how serious the Benefactor was.
Mr. Lancaster;
The information in this file is highly classified. You have been recruited to serve your country. Do not take this lightly. You and your friends wanted to make the world a better place and here is your chance. You will receive evidence proving what the targets are guilty of; evidence that is inadmissible in court. Each target must be eliminated without hesitation or it could cost you your lives.
The Benefactor
I threw down the file; wanting to throw up at the thought of killing another human being. I joked about the world being a better place without all the evil people being in it, but never wanted to be the person that had to kill them. We were quickly becoming pawns; mercenaries for some politician’s hidden agenda. Was I ready for this?
The next file caught my attention before I could think about making my decision. A black and white photo was sticking out of the second file. I pulled the picture and saw an old burned up Honda on its roof. I opened the folder and found several pictures of the car that once belonged to my mother. There were scattered car parts all over Sunrise Highway; a picture of the chard inside after the body was removed.
I couldn’t contain myself. A tear droplet fell from my cheek; landing on the last picture.Then I saw it. A handwritten note pinned to the back of the folder. 
Andrew, your first mission will be to obtain revenge for your mother’s death.  You will eliminate her murderers; Kenneth and Mona Lancaster.

Chapter 8
I sat there in silence. I couldn’t speak. I don’t think I even knew the words to express how I was feeling at that moment. My hands balled into fists; crumbling the paper in my grasp. I wanted to drive down to Long Island that night and rip their heads off, but I couldn’t; know yet. 
I forced myself to continue reading the papers that lined the manila folder. The next was a copy of the police report. I skimmed through it; ignoring the minor details and looking for what caused the accident. There was nothing on the first page telling me anything more than it being a tragic car accident with the victim being stuck inside as the car caught fire. 
“I know all of this already,” I whispered as if the paper could talk back. I flipped to the next page and found a report from a crime scene analyst.
The car was towed to the Bayshore Auto Center for a mechanic’s opinion. According to the mechanic, the rear axle seemed to be broken before the car spun out of control. In fact, it may very well have been the cause. There were remnants of a sticky substance on the end of it as if someone kept it in place with duct tape or some other temporary solution. The passenger side rear tire had very low air pressure in it. Upon closer examination, there was a small hole in the tire; causing a small leak. This was no accident. Someone tampered with the car prior to the crash.
There were almost half a dozen pages containing information regarding the accident. Some were from crime scene reporters others from detectives, but then I found what I was looking for. 
One of the detectives had made a notation in his notepad which was copied and posted into the file.
I met with Mr. Lancaster today; he was very uncooperative upon questioning on his whereabouts the night before and the day of the possible homicide.  Further questioning is required and a possible search warrant needed.  Mr. Lancaster remains the primary suspect at this time.
Someone knew he was behind it. The evidence was in front of them, but somehow he managed to weasel his way out of being a suspect and make them believe it was an accident. I just didn’t know how. 
The next two pages felt like a slap in the face. The first was a copy of a calendar entry; listing a job interview with Mr. Lancaster. I found it odd at first, but the second page answered nearly every question I had.
It was a new report entry from one of the detectives.
There is new evidence that supports a defect in the vehicle.  The husband’s alibis have confirmed his whereabouts during the nights in question.  He left for a business convention two nights prior to the investigated time frame, and did not return until after the time of death occurred.  Mr. Lancaster is being removed from the suspect list and closing the investigation.
The rage built up inside me like a volcano about to erupt. There was only one more page listed in the file. I didn’t want to read anymore. I was sick to my stomach. I wanted nothing more than to hurt them as much as they hurt our family. But there was one final note I needed to read.  
Andrew, I located the lead detective from your mother’s case, and had my people personally interrogate him.  We attained the information privately which led to the Intel provided.  We also procured his employment history at your father’s company.  His official start date was a year after your mother’s murder; however he was listed on Mr. Lancaster’s payroll the day after the interview.  The former detective is currently in our custody and confessed to the cover up.  Everything has been kept off record up to this point and the decision to move forward is entirely up to you.  I will call you soon in regards to the mission
The Benefactor
As I read the last lines of the note, a loud ring came from my computer; letting me know there was a new message. I turned the screen on and found an email with the subject Project Justice; reply yes or no.
I knew if I replied no we risked going to jail, but none of that mattered. There was only one thing I wanted; revenge.

Chapter 9
The emails were engrained in my head. Thinking my father was responsible made my blood boil. How could he do such a thing to someone he claimed to have loved? 
`My hands trembled as I reached for the phone. A sense of repulsion and anger flowed through my veins making me double over; clutching at the stabbing pain in the pit of my stomach. I closed my eyes, tried to breathe, but all I could do was cry.
I sent a text to Mike and Lilly; telling them how a FBI agent appeared at my door; how serious these men were and finally about who killed my mother. 
I’m here for you bro. I got your back; whatever you need. Mike kept his words short and sweet. If we were still being monitored, he didn’t want other people to know how he really felt. 
I sat in silence for a half hour. The quiet apartment no longer felt like a sanctuary to me. Instead, it felt like a cage holding me back from doing what I needed to. It took my phone’s loud obnoxious ringtone to bring me back to reality.
“Hey Drew,” Lilly’s soft sweet voice said as I answered the phone. “How are you holding up?”
“Did you get my texts?”
“Yeah, but I think you’re going about this the wrong way.”
“I can’t let them get away with what they did.”
“Take the evidence the Benefactor gave you and bring it to the police. Let them handle it.”
“I can’t. They’ll ask too many questions that I don’t have answers for. They won’t arrest them and they’ll skate by it again.”
“So what are you gonna do; kill them? That’s not who you.”
“Justice needs to be carried out. They need to pay for what they did. They all do.”
“And who’s gonna do it? You have no training, no special skills, and don’t know if you can trust this Benefactor guy to help you.”
I knew she was right, but someone needed to stand up for what was right. Someone needed to hold people accountable. That someone had to be me.

Chapter 10
December 23rd, the day I returned to Long Island. The day my life would change forever. I popped the trunk; leaving my apartment early in the morning. I found several black duffle bags and a glass case; leaving enough room for one last bag to be placed on top before the trunk was packed. I knew Agent Fields must have put them inside sometime the night before, but I wasn’t ready to open them; not in the open. I packed the back seat full of presents and a light blue bag that had a few clothes in it.
I drove for several hours from Buffalo to Long Island and sat in bumper to bumper traffic on the Southern State Parkway as everyone hurried home; knowing they were about to be off for the next two days. I turned the volume knob on the radio, but found the sound crackling as the speakers cut out for the hundredth time; leaving me in gridlocked silence.
“Come on, move it already people.” I knew shouting wasn’t going to make the cars move any faster, but I had been driving for six hours, needed sleep, and needed to see my friends before accepting the Benefactor’s offer.
As I slammed my fist on the steering wheel, I could hear a low buzzing coming from the center console. I reached back; finding a small black cell phone that had not been there the day before.
“Hello Mister Lancaster,” the familiar bold confident voice said. “I hope you plan on holding up your end of our little arrangement.”
“I plan on meeting the others tonight.”
“Good, but I need one more thing from you. When the targets are eliminated, you need to leave a note for the police to find; consider it your calling card.”
“Why?” My heart slowed drastically as if I was barely beating at all. I could feel knives piercing my stomach once again.
“We need to make a statement; something to make police know this isn’t a random killing. Put down your alias and call the group something as well.”
“But I thought we were working for the government. Why do we need an alias?”
The Benefactor’s voice grew louder with annoyance. “These missions are unsanctioned and kept confidential. You are working covertly for the United States Government. None of it is on record.”
“What does that mean?”
“Don’t get caught.”
I heard the click of the phone as the call disconnected. I was given promised information; files that were kept hidden from the investigation. I had to wonder if he would actually have us arrested if we didn’t help him. He had my word that I would. After all, I wanted this more than the others did, but I needed to know if Mike and Lilly were on board.
I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell phone; calling Lilly as I pulled the car into the open space in the middle lane.
“Hey Hun,” Lilly answered. “How’s the drive?”
“It’s been a pain in the ass. Too much traffic; too many potholes. Typical Long Island traffic.”
“Sorry,” she said sweetly; making me wish my visit to the Island was going to be just spending a week with her.
“Me too, but I need a quick favor.”
“Sure, what’d ya need?”
“Call Mike. I need to see you guys tonight.”
“What’s wrong?”
“I need to talk to you guys about the Benefactor.”
Lilly could hear the urgency in my voice. “I’ll call him now. Where do you wanna meet?”
“The Usual place. Ace of Spades at ten.

Chapter 11
Lilly sat on the messy floor of her room. Clothes were scattered all over the chairs, desk and closet; shoes were lined up underneath the window that overlooked the neighbor’s annoyingly large tree. There was a faint sound of a Nickleback song played on the radio. She turned up the dial; hearing Far Away; making her think about Andrew and how she couldn’t wait to see him. 
It had been almost a year since they saw each other. They had spent a few days during Christmas break together; knowing he needed a place to get away from his step-mother. She would meet him every night after Christmas and bring him back to her parent’s house; letting him sleep on the couch. 
But the thing she remembered most was New Year’s Eve, the last night she spent with him. Her parents let her throw a party; inviting all of her friends including Mike and Andrew. They hung out for a little while and had a few drinks with them before hanging out with her girlfriends. 
Throughout the night, Lilly caught Andrew looking at her from the large brown couch in the living room. She would smile and take another shot of tequila with her friends. 
It was a night that Lilly has thought about every day for nearly a year, because of what happened at midnight. Andrew had told her he had something to talk about, but she kept pushing him off; telling him we’ll talk later. But as midnight approached, she stood next to him; counting down the seconds. 
“Ten, nine, eight, seven, six,” the crowd chanted. “Five, four, three, two, one,” everyone stood and cheered. “Happy New Year!”
Lilly looked Andrew in the eyes and grabbed his hands. She thought about this moment all night; wondering who she would kiss. She leaned in and felt a pair of lips gently touch her silky smooth cheek. He backed away; wondering why he didn’t go for it. He grabbed his jacket and left; leaving Lilly just as confused as he was.
The phone rang with a soft reggae song; waking Lilly from her daze. Mike’s name appeared on the caller ID as she accepted the call.
“Hey,” she said softly.
“You hear from Drew yet?”
“He’s somewhere on the Southern State. He wants to meet us tonight at ten.”  There was a little excitement in her voice as she thought about seeing Andrew later that night.
“Do you need a ride there?”
She thought about it for a moment before smiling. “No, I think I’ll be fine.” Lilly stood up and went to her closet; picking out a pair of her skinny jeans and threw them on the bed. 
“Okay,” Mike said. I’ll see you there.”
Lilly bit her lip as her lips curled up. She found the perfect shirt to wear to meet Andrew with. 
“That should get his attention.”

Chapter 12
I sat in my old teal Cavalier outside the Ace of Spades. The large illuminating neon lights brightly lit the otherwise dark street. I was twenty minutes early and was in desperate need to relax for a bit. I got out of the car and looked to the side of the outside bar where the water was slowly slopping from side to side. I smiled; knowing I was finally home.
Inside, the room was dimly lit with only a few lights on over the bar. There were two TVs placed on both sides for people to watch, but the patrons were more interested in their drinks.
“Hey Drew,” Ryan the bartender said. He was a tall skinny Irish mid-twenties kid who loved movies and anime. He looked around the room; checking for any other guests. “Where’s the rest of the gang?”
“They’ll be here soon,” I replied with a smile.
“How long you in town for?”
“I don’t know yet. Probably not long.” 
 Ryan glanced up and grabbed a glass from under the counter. “I’ll get you your usual and a beer.” He nodded towards the door with a grin on his face.
I turned to see a tall thin woman with shoulder length light brown hair walking through the front door. It was Lilly. Her hair hovered just above her red plaid coat. Her big brown eyes lit up as she saw me. I looked her up and down; locking onto her long legs filling out her tight dark blue skinny jeans.
Lilly smiled and sashayed up to me; resting her jacket on the back of my chair.
“And hello to you too,” Lilly said with a laugh. She leaned in; giving me a hug and kiss on the cheek. Her silky smooth skin brushed against mine.
“Sorry, it’s just been a while since I saw you.” My heart felt like it was galloping in my chest. “I was hoping you would show up before Mike.”
“How come?”
Ryan put two coasters in front of us and placed a Bud light in front of Lilly and tall glass filled with a rum and coke. Lilly took sip from her beer; keeping her eyes locked on me.
“I missed you.” 
Lilly threw her arms around my neck; pulling me into a tight embrace. “I missed you too Hun.” She held me there; refusing to let go as if I was about to run out the door and she would never see me again.
“What did you want to talk about,” she asked.
“I’m going through with the first mission tomorrow night.”
Lilly pulled away instantly and shouted, “Tomorrow night?” 
I put a finger to my lips shushing her. ‘Keep your voice down. I don’t want the whole bar knowing what I’m planning.”
“I thought you were going to tell us you came to your senses,” Lilly said in an angry whisper. 
“You know I can’t do that. I can’t let them get away with killing my mother. I just need a plan.”
“That’s why you asked us here? You wanted us to help you plan the murder of your parents.”
“Kenneth and Mona,” I corrected her. “I need to get out of there. I need to make them pay.” I could feel my blood pressure rising the more I talked about it.
“Yeah but planning it in one day is complete stupidity.”
“I know, but I have to move fast with this.”
“Why?”
“The Benefactor has bigger plans for us.” Lilly sat back in her chair; remaining quiet as she picked up her beer and continued drinking. “I talked to him today. He wants us to come up with an alias and leave a note for the police to find.”
Lilly snapped her head back to me. “I thought we were working for the…”
I cut her off; knowing she would blurt out something she wasn’t supposed to. “We are, but everything is being kept off record.”
“I don’t like this.”
“I know and that’s why I asked you guys to come down here tonight. I wanted to say goodbye.”
“Goodbye?”
“I don’t want either of you getting involved in this. I don’t think he’ll arrest you guys if he has me.”
“You can’t do this; not on your own.”
“I can’t let you guys risk your lives for my stupid mistakes. This is my mission; my justice to carry out.”
“What you’re planning to do is suicide.”
I knew she was right, but I couldn’t let them put themselves at risk. Before I could continue the debate, the front door opened; letting Mike enter with his heavy wool coat.
“It’s sexy time,” he shouted from the door. A few patrons laughed while Lilly and I covered our faces; trying to hide our embarrassment and laughter.
We watched him enter the bar, shake hands with a few of his friends, and put his jacket down in the chair next to mine.
“What’ll it be Mike,” Ryan shouted.
“You got Sam on tap?”
“Of course.”
“I’ll take it.”
Ryan took a cold glass from under the counter and pulled the tap down; filling the glass with a foamy brown beer. 
Mike took a sip from it. “Ah, that’s some good shit right there. Put it on Andrew’s tab.” Mike laughed and slapped me on my left shoulder.
Ryan looked to me for confirmation. I nodded in reply. He walked away smiling; whispering under his breath, “This is going to be an expensive night for someone.”
Mike leaned over my shoulders. “What are you two talking about?” He scanned our faces and could tell something was the matter. 
Lilly was the first to crack. “Andrew doesn’t want either of us to go with him and he’s planning to work for the Benefactor on his own.”
“What are you insane,” Mike asked sarcastically. “Of course we’re going. You can’t do this alone.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell him.”
“It’s too dangerous.”
“I know,” Mike replied. “And that’s why I have your back; just like I always have and just like I always will.”
“This is different. Your lives are at stake too. If we get caught, we’ll be dead men walking.”
“Then I’ll see you on death row, because there is no way you’re doing this without me.”
Lilly could see I wasn’t going to change my mind and now Mike was just as determined as I was. “Count me in too,” Lilly said in an unsteady tone.
I quickly glanced back and forth between them. “All right, but I need to show you guys something first.”
They looked at me; wondering what I was talking about.
“Not here. Let’s go out back,” I suggested.
“Hey Ryan,” Mike shouted. “We’re going out back for a few.”
“Cool, but you know the deal.” 
I handed Ryan my credit card; keeping the tab open and exited the front doors with Mike and Lilly by my side.

Chapter 13
We pulled our cars around the corner; finding a dark street to shield us from anyone who might walk by.
“I’m surprised you made it back in that thing,” Mike laughed; pointing to my car. 
“I’m just as shocked as you are.”
“What did you want to show us?”
I brought them over to the trunk; popping it open and showing them the duffle bags.
“I need you to take these.”
“Why,” Lilly asked. “What are they?”
We opened the first bag; finding several handguns, clips of ammo, and a stack of cash.
“Shit Drew,” Lilly shouted. Mike and I quickly covered her mouth. “What does he expect us to do with those?”
“I’m guessing he wants us to use them.”
“But I’ve never fired a gun before.”
“Neither have I.”
Mike grabbed a thirty eight caliber from the bag, checked the ammo and held it out like he was going to shoot someone. 
“I have. My dad used to take me down to the range.”
“So why do you need us to take this,” Lilly asked us as she backed away from the trunk.
“I found a set of car keys with directions to a dealership in Babylon. We need to pick that up before…” I could see the horrid look in Lilly’s eyes. I gripped her hand tightly. “I just need you to pick up the car for me.”
Mike shrugged his shoulders and held out his hand. “When do you need it by?” It was the question that made me finally set a plan in motion.
“Pick me up from Steven’s house at ten and drop me off at home. Get the car and park it around the corner from my house.”
“You think that’s best,” he asked.
“No, but it’s our only option.”
He grabbed the keys from my hand, placed them in his front pocket, and began grabbing the duffle bags from my trunk. He peaked inside the second bag and smiled before putting it in the backseat of his green Jeep.
“What’s in this,” Lilly asked as she grabbed a long glass case. There were three thick objects inside; each rolled up in fabric as if they were Christmas presents waiting to be unwrapped.
“Never saw those before,” I replied. 
“They’re probably weapons.” Mike helped remove the case from the car; opening it and finding our names embroidered on the fabric.
Mike reached for his first. He slowly unwrapped it; finding a sword encased in a black sheath. A bold red dragon was pictured on the front and gold Japanese writing was carefully placed on the back. 
Mike pulled a small piece of rolled up parchment off the handle. “It’s a note.” He held it under the trunk lights. “The inscription means guardian of others. Use this when necessary.”
“He gave us swords,” Lilly said emphatically. “What’s the point in giving us these as weapons?”
“Maybe he wants us to slice and dice the bad guys,” Mike said as he waived his sword in the air like he was a samurai.
I held the sword in my hand and slowly unraveled the royal blue fabric. “It’s because the kills become more personal.” Mike and Lilly raised their heads to look at me. “Anyone can fire a gun, but using a sword is more personal. You are forced to face the person when you kill them.”
Lilly looked down at her sword. The multicolored fabric fell to the cold concrete; revealing a white sheath covered in pink, purple, and yellow lilies. She found the note attached to the gold handle and read it out loud.
“This is should be used only as a last resort. Your intelligence and emotions will guide you on your journey ahead.” She looked up from the note. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
I knew what it meant. Lilly wasn’t here to kill someone. The Benefactor had other plans for her that didn’t involve killing, but it would be something he would reveal at a later time.
“Beats me,” I lied as I tried to close up the trunk.
Mike pushed me back and looked down at my hand. “Wait a sec. You didn’t show us your sword.”
I wondered what mine would say. Maybe it was a personal message or a riddle. The others looked on with anticipation as I pulled the royal blue fabric off the black and gold striped handle. The sheath was black as coal with an emerald green Celtic cross on it. The gold Japanese letters lined up vertically on the back.
“It translates to ultimate justice. Use this to extract your revenge and strike down evil with the blade of justice.”
“This is…”
“Awesome,” Mike interrupted. “When do we start chopping up our victims?”
“This isn’t a game Mike,” Lilly snapped. “These are real people we’re being told to hunt and kill.”
“I know, but it’s still cool. I even found a sniper rifle in one of the bags. I can’t wait to take that bad boy for a test drive.” He was met with blank stares from both of us. “What? I peaked in the bags.”
“We’ll deal with that later. For now, let’s call it a night and meet at Steven’s house tomorrow at ten.” I handed Mike the directions to pick up the new car and gave each of them their new cell phones and IDs.
Mike entered his car and rolled down his window. “Lilly, be ready by nine thirty. We can’t be late.” He turned the ignition; his Jeep roaring to life and drove off.
I could feel Lilly grip my hand tightly and place her head on my shoulder. “You wanna get another drink?”
“I think we’ll need a lot more than one.”

Chapter 14
It was ten on the dot when I received Mike’s text; letting me know they were out front. 
“Moment of truth,” I whispered as I headed upstairs.
I walked to the front door; finding Steven sitting in the recliner with a beer in his hands.
“You’re leaving early.”
“I wanted to spend some time with Mike and Lilly.”
He looked back at the kitchen; knowing the rest of the family was sitting downstairs; pretending to be one big happy family.
“Lucky,” he laughed. “I wish I could leave too.”
“Look, I know I haven’t been the best brother, but I always tried to do right by you.”
He clapped me on the back. “You’re a great big brother. I just wish I got to see more of you.”
“Yeah, well it’s not that easy.” I glanced towards the stairs.
“I don’t blame you. I try to avoid them all the time. It sucks when you live ten minutes away from them.”
“That’s why I chose Buffalo. Eight hours is too long for a quick visit from them.” I laughed and peered out the window. “My ride’s here. I gotta run.”
“Will I get to see you before you go?”
I wanted to say yes. I wanted to tell Steven everything I learned about mom’s death. That Mona and my dad were responsible. But I couldn’t. He was innocent and I wanted to keep him that way. Instead I shook Steven’s hand and said my goodbyes before exiting the house.
The Jeep sat idly by on the corner under a big oak tree. Lilly sat in the passenger seat; her eyes beamed a hole through the windshield as she bit her nails nervously.
“Are we set,” I asked as I climbed into the back seat.”
Mike watched me from the rear view mirror. “Last chance. Are you sure you wanna go through with this?”
“More than ready.”
“Okay then.” Mike turned the ignition; hearing the Jeep come to life and drove off. “I did the test run last night. It’ll take us an hour to get the car and get back.”
“Good, what kind of car is it?”
“Black Malibu.”
We pulled onto my block; passing houses brightly lit by Christmas lights and blowup Santa Clauses. Everything seemed quiet.
“I’ll see you in an hour.” I reached for the door, but Lilly grabbed my hand. Her eyes were glassy; filling fast with tears.
“Be careful,” she whimpered.
“I’ll be fine.” I patted her hand gently before exiting the Jeep. 
I watched them speed off as I retrieved my sword from the trunk of my car and ran to the back of the house. My heartbeat slowed as I entered the house. Each beat was a loud hard thump in my chest as I hurried to my room to pack one final bag.
My room was dark; allowing a little light shine through the curtains from the street. The light entered the room; bouncing off the red rosary beads that hung on the wall next to the bed. It was the one thing I still had that my mother gave me from when I was a kid.
My hand brushed the sheets on the bed. There were many nights I spent sitting in the dark; thinking about the life I wanted. I wanted a peaceful normal life; filled with being married to a wonderful woman and having a house full of children. But that dream was about to die along with Kenneth and Mona Lancaster.
My hands balled into fists; slamming them down on the bed; sending a notebook flying into the air.
“The note,” I exclaimed. “I almost forgot.” I quickly grabbed the one subject notebook and jotted down the note for police to find.
Lights flashed the house from the street. They were pulling into the driveway and I was running out of time.
“Time to spring the trap.”
I walked down the hall and entered a small office; turning on a light inside the closet. I watched them from a nearby window. They stumbled up the driveway. The tall husky man in a business suit walked arm and arm with his tall blond wife.
“Your days of playing house are over.”
I walked across the hall, grabbed my sword and hid in the small closet; peering through the wooden planked door. My heart was beating faster by the minute. Every sound seemed to be amplified; making me jump. 
The back door unlocked and slammed shut. I was seconds from killing Kenneth and Mona or chickening out; facing the wrath of the Benefactor. My hand gripped the sword tighter as I waited for them to pass.
Kenneth’s voice carried through the house. “It was great to have the family back together again. It’s been too quiet without the boys here.” 
I know what you mean,” the shrill sound of Mona’s voice could be heard throughout the house. “The boys have really grown up. With Andrew in college and Steven working at the bank, they’re well on their way to starting their own families soon. I mean Steven already has his own house. I’m so proud.”
“And the little ones are growing up too fast. They’re almost teenagers. How old are they now; eleven; twelve?”
“They’re eight and ten dear.” I could see Mona’s blond hair sway in front of the closet. “Sweetheart, did you forget to turn off the light in the office?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Kenneth walked down the hall and stood inches from my face.
This was it; now or never. I threw open the door; knocking Mona to the floor. He turned to look at her, but I was too quick. He thought it was an intruder, but the moment my sword pierced his chest his eyes flashed wide with surprise. His eyes told me everything I needed to know. He was dying and I achieved vengeance; justice for my mother.
I stood there; staring at his lifeless body as it fell to the floor. A sick creeping smile spread over my face as I put my foot on his shoulder and retracted the sword from his bleeding body.
“What have you done?” Mona watched in horror as her husband died in front of her. “You son of a bitch. You killed him.”
“I know.” I clenched the sword tightly and rested the blood soaked blade underneath her chin. “Now, I’m going to ask you one question. Do you have anything to confess?”
Her eyes filled with tears. There was something she was holding back; a secret she didn’t want to tell.
“Why are you doing this to us?”
“I’ll ask the questions.”
“Please don’t kill me. I love you.”
“I don’t care.”
“But I’m your mother.”
“Wrong you killed my mother,” I shouted as my rage took over. There was no stopping me.
Mona tried to scream for help, but I expected it. The tip of the blade slid straight into her throat; spurting blood all over the hardwood floor. A small puddle grew larger the moment I pulled the sword from her and wiped it clean with my father’s handkerchief.
I washed my hands in the bathroom sink and called Mike immediately. “Where are you?”
“Down the block.”
“I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
“Is it done? Did you kill them?”
“It’s done.” It was the only words I could say without breaking into hysterics. I knew what I needed to do and wasting time on the phone with Mike wasn’t going to help.
I hung up with Mike and hit the speed dial; hearing a cold voice whispering. “Did you complete your mission?”
“Yes, now what do I do?”
“Good to see you took me seriously. I suggest you get out of town and head towards your next target.”
“Where is that?”
“Your itinerary is in that briefcase. My men will be there shortly to help you escape. But for now, drive to Florida.”
The call cut off. I knew it was time to move. I tore the note from the book on my bed and jumped out the window. There was one more thing I needed to do. The Lancaster house would always be a constant reminder of what they did. I couldn’t let it stand.
I opened the shed, took out two gas cans and threw one inside the house. I used the second to spray the side yard with a trail leading to my bedroom window.
I grabbed the large duffle bag that sat in the bushes outside my window, picked up my sword, lit a match and watched every childhood memory burn in the flames of justice while I rose from the ashes of my former life.

Chapter 15
“What the hell did you do,” Mike asked as I flung myself into the backseat of a brand new Malibu.
I wanted to shout; what the hell do you think I did, but the words wouldn’t come out. Instead I sat with my head facing the floor mats.
“Never mind,” Lilly shrieked. “We need to go; now.”
As my door closed, two black SUVs pulled up on the driver’s side. The window of the passenger side rolled down; revealing men in black fatigues.
“Follow us,” one of the men shouted.
Mike rolled inched his window down. “Who the hell are you?”
“The Benefactor sent us. We won’t tell you again.” Their windows rolled up and their SUVs sped off.
Mike hit the gas. “Where are we going Drew?”
I could barely reply as the weight of what I did sank in. I killed my father. I killed Mona. I burned my house down. There was no coming back from that.
I felt a hand smack my leg. “We’re leaving New York,” I muttered softly. “Head towards Florida.”
“What’s in Florida,” Lilly asked.
“Our next mission.”
“Florida is a pretty big state. You mind narrowing it down for us so I don’t drive us to the Gulf of Mexico.”
“I don’t know. The Benefactor said it was in the briefcase.”
“Pull over,” Lilly said with a stern voice as if she decided to take control of the group. “I’ll get it out of the trunk.”
“There’s no time. If I pull over, we’ll lose the SUVs. Besides, in a little while we’ll be named the prime suspects. We can’t hang around here anymore.”
“Mike’s right. The faster we get out of New York the harder it’ll be for them to find us.”
“Well, we need to know what’s in that briefcase.”
“I know a place we can stop in Virginia. We’ll be safe there.”
Mike slammed on the breaks; stopping just before a red light on Route 109. “Hell no! You better not call her. She can’t be trusted with this.”
“We need to stop somewhere and she’s the only other person we can trust. We won’t stay long; I promise.”
Lilly frantically checked the glove compartment for a map or GPS device. “Who are you talking about?”
Mike ignored her and continued driving. “I’m not going and we’re not stopping there. I’ll drive straight to Florida if I have to.”
“We need you at a hundred percent. There’s no telling what the next mission is or how fast we have to complete it. We have to make that stop.”
Lilly slammed the glove compartment shut. It was loud enough to stop us from arguing so she could finally be heard. “Who are you talking about?”
“His ex,” Mike finally said.
“The one he dated for two years.”
“Yeah, we have a mutual hatred for each other.”
“Why?”
“Because I flipped out on her when she cheated on Andrew. I told her she was lucky to be with him in the first place.”
“And you cursed her out and call her a bitch,” I replied.
“She deserved it. No one should treat you the way she did.”
“Look I know she screwed up, but that was a couple years ago and she’s still a friend. You need to put your differences aside. We need her help.”
Mike remained quiet as he turned onto the Meadowbrook Parkway. He thought about what I said and broke his silence. “Fine, make the call.”
As I reached into my pocket for my cell, I looked down and saw the blood soaking into my boots. My eyes glanced up; seeing Mike lean over and whisper to Lilly; most likely telling her more about my ex and what he thought of her. I didn’t want to listen. There was no point in rehashing the past. In the end, we needed a favor and there was only one person I could reply on.
A groggy woman’s voice answered the phone. “Hello.”
“Hey Faith, did I wake you?”
“Who the hell is this?”
“It’s Andrew.”
“Why are you calling me so late?”
“I need a favor.” I knew it was a stretch, but she was our best shot at stopping before Florida.
“You have one hell of a way of asking. You realize it’s midnight and now Christmas Day?”
“I know but it’s important. I have a few friends I’m traveling with and are heading towards Virginia.”
“And let me guess, you wanna crash at my house?”
“Just for a bit.”
She paused before responding. “Who’s with you?”
“Mike and my friend Lilly.”
Faith laughed in a mocking tone. “Yeah okay.”
“Please, I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important.”
“How important?”
“Enough for me to owe you for life.” I knew involving her in this would put her in danger too, but it was my only choice. “I can’t get into it over the phone. Can we meet tomorrow at your house?”
“Fine, but you owe me a story. Call me a glutton for punishment, but I’m curious to see what trouble you got yourself into this time.”
Truth be told, I was just as curious.

Chapter 16
The fire spread quickly; hitting the gas can and causing an alarming explosion. The once green grass surrounding the house was burning in the shape of a bird. The blaze could be seen from a half mile away.
Sirens blared throughout the neighborhood; waking the town of Lindenhurst and dragging them out of their warm comfy beds as the Lancaster house burned to the ground.
The firefighters pushed their way in; spraying jets of water all over the house and yard. They cleared enough room for them to enter the house and tackle the fire at its worst area. 
“I got two bodies,” one of firefighters yelled as they pushed forward. He checked them and shook his head. 

Chapter 17
It took nearly an hour to put out the blaze and another three before police were allowed to enter the house.
“You need to see this,” one of the firefighters told Officer Schmidt. He brought the officer down the hall and showed him the two charred bodies of Kenneth and Mona Lancaster. “We found these two bodies while putting out the fire.”
“Did anyone touch the bodies?”
“No sir. We checked for a pulse. They didn’t have any, so we left them there until we were able to give you guys the okay.”
The officer put a pair of white gloves on and checked the bodies. He found the puncture wounds in Mr. Lancaster’s chest and Mona’s throat. 
“I need the M.E. in here and an analyst team,” the officer shouted. He took a big sniff; finding a distinct odor nearby. “What’s that smell?”
The firefighter shrugged his shoulders and shook his head. “I don’t smell anything.”
Officer Schmidt entered a bedroom on his left and found pieces of a burnt red gas can thrown around the room; imbedded in the floor and walls.
“Whoever did this used an accelerant. Smells like gasoline. My guess, they wanted to burn any evidence including the bodies. I think we have a murder here. Officer Schmidt folded his arms and looked out the window. “What do we have out there?”
A husky officer had a small plastic bag with a white piece of paper inside. “We found this on the far side of the gate.”
“Bring it over here.” He opened the bag and took out the note.
To whoever finds this; be warned. This will not be the one and only time you’ll hear from us. This was not the doing of one person. Consider this the first strike in our revolution; a warning if you will. Our message is simple. We want the death of corruption and greed; seeking justice for those who cannot claim it themselves. Only the innocent shall be spared, and by no means were these two pieces of burnt flesh innocent. They committed murder and covered it up for the last six years. Our mission to uncover the truth and seek out justice has begun. You have bared witness to the first execution in our revolution. 
The Phoenix

Chapter 18
I tossed and turned all night on the backseat; thinking about what Kenneth and Mona did and how I finally exacted revenge. A part of me was thrilled they were gone, but a part of me was filled with remorse; disgusted with myself for taking it to this extreme.
“Andrew….Andrew wake up,” Lilly said gently as she shook my legs as if a mother trying to wake her children.
“Yo, get up,” Mike shouted; violently pulling me off the seat.
I opened my eyes to the bright blinding sun. “Where are we?”
“We’re a few blocks away from your ex’s house,” Mike snapped. “We should be there in a couple of minutes.”
I looked around; still in a daze and realizing I was still trapped in a nightmare. “How did you find it?”
“Lilly found a map last night and figured out the route.”
Lilly blushed as she tucked the map into the pocket of her bag.
As we pulled up, I could see the white picket fence that separated Faith’s house from the sidewalk; the petite beige house that seemed like a warm cottage and the white love seat glider that sat next to the front door overlooking a small flower garden.
Mike refused to exit the car. His eyes were fixated on the windshield; burning a hole through it wishing it was Faith he was burning a hole through instead. I knew he didn’t want to be there. He’d rather spend a lifetime in jail than owe Faith any favors, but this was our only option.
But it was Lilly’s expression that worried me. She wouldn’t look at any of us. Her eyes looked towards the sky with a mixture of confusion, sadness and concern.
“You guys coming or what,” I asked as I exited the car.
No one moved. They sat like wax statues in the car; only moving around if they needed to cough or blink.
I threw my hands in the air as if surrendering to the enemy. That’s what it felt like to owe Faith. As I walked up to the porch, a short red headed woman opened the door; staring me down with an intense glare. Faith’s hair was pushed back into a ponytail and was wearing a pair of green sweatpants with an old black hoodie zipped up to her chin.
I looked her over. It was the first time I saw her in nearly two years. We hardly talked since the breakup, but decided to stay long distance friends.
“You finally pierced your nose,” I laughed; trying to break the tension. “Always said you would look good with one.”
“Don’t start. You’re lucky I’m letting you and your friends in here to begin with. How long are you staying?”
“Just a couple of hours. We just need to rest for a bit.”
Her suspicion was growing by the minute. “You said over the phone this was important. You mind telling me why?”
“It’s complicated. I can’t get into it right now.”
Her left eyebrow raised in annoyance. “You tell me or no one steps foot in my house.”
I grabbed Faith by the arm and brought her in closer. “Let them get settled in first. Then you can ask me anything you want.”
The wheels were turning in her head. She didn’t know how much trouble we were in or how much she was in by letting us stay there, but her curiosity got the better of her. She stepped aside and signaled to the car as if waiving the white flag; letting them know it was okay to come in.
Mike and Lilly exited the car and made headed towards the house; toting their duffle bags and the black briefcase.
Lilly stuck out her hand. “Thanks for letting us crash here for a while. We could really use the rest.”
“No problem. You must be Lilly.” Faith grinned and shook her hand. “You can setup in the living room. The couch is pretty comfortable. You should be fine there.” 
Lilly slipped inside the house with Mike pushing his way behind her. “Thanks,” he mumbled.
“Yeah, you’re welcome, Faith shouted. “You can sleep on the living room floor.”
Mike scowled back but was dragged away by Lilly.
Faith waited until they were out of earshot before grabbing my arm; pulling me towards the backyard. 
“Let’s go out back. We’ll have more privacy there.”

Chapter 19
Faith pushed open a large metal gate and brought me through to the spacious backyard where two Bernese Mountain dogs with beautiful black, brown and white fur ran around freely.
“We can talk freely out here.” Faith escorted me up to the back patio; complete with a circular metal table and chairs.
I took a seat at the table; looking back at the glass doors behind us. “Are you sure no one can hear us?”
“The door connects to my bedroom. No one will bother us.”
The dogs ran up and playfully put their paws on my lap. 
“So I see Mike’s still a jerk,” Faith snarled.
“Only to you. He still holds a bit of a grudge I guess.”
Faith froze as her butt hovered over her seat. “Are you kidding me?” Her eyes flashed with anger. “He wasn’t even part of our relationship.”
“He feels the need to protect me.”
“You’re a grown man. I think you can take care of yourself.” She waited for me to respond, but I refused to. “Let’s just drop it before getting into another one of our fights.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means I don’t want to argue about your stupid friend who feels the need to involve himself in our relationship or friendship.”
“He’s the one who’s had my back more than anyone.”
She held up her hand. “Just forget it. You owe me a story. Start talking. How much trouble are you in?”
“What makes you think I’m in trouble?”
“I know you guys. Mike wouldn’t let you ask me a favor unless it was life or death; so out with it.” Faith took the seat across from me and waited for my answer.
“Okay fine.” I told her about the Benefactor and how he had hacked into my emails; told her about the threat to put me in prison on treason charges and the offer to tell me who killed my mother if I worked with him by getting rid of the injustice in the world.
Faith inched forward in her chair. Her mouth hung open; listening intently. “And by get rid of you mean…”
“We kill them.” I watched her flinch at the word kill. “They provide the targets and we carry out the order. No one innocent gets hurt.”
“How can you say that? How can you be so sure no innocent people get hurt?”
It was a question that I overlooked. I didn’t know how to avoid this. We were relying on the word of someone we didn’t know. I ignored her question.
“We were heading south towards our next target.”
“So who is it,” Faith interrupted as she nearly fell out of her chair. Her eyes were locked onto mine filled with curiosity.
“Who?”
“You’re next target; who is it?”
“We don’t know yet. That’s why we needed to stop.”
Faith paused and thought about the possible targets. “Wait, you said your next target. Who was your first?”
I didn’t know if I should tell her. Faith was friendly with Mona. In fact, Faith was the only one that liked Mona.
I took a deep breath and sighed. “My father and Mona.”
“But you said no one innocent would get hurt.”
“And I meant it. The Benefactor sent me proof.” I wanted to turn away from Faith, but there was no holding back. “They killed my mother.”
“Tell me you’re joking. Tell me you’re not serious.”
I could feel my anger rising again; my hands slammed on the metal table. “They needed to pay for what they did to her.”
Faith slid back in her chair almost cowering as my hands gripped the table. There was fear in her eyes. The first time she had ever been afraid of me.
“I’m sorry,” I said as I sat back down in the metal chair. 
The door to Faith’s bedroom slid open. Mike stepped outside and squatted behind me.
“We have what we need. We should get back on the road soon.”
“We’ll leave in a little while.”
“Good, I can’t stand being here.”
Faith jumped to her feet; shouting at Mike. “I didn’t want you here in the first place.”
“Hey, if I had it my way we would have kept driving.”
“Then get out of my house!”
Mike stormed back inside; slamming the  glass door as he entered. I could hear him yelling and cursing as he stomped his feet like a child while he entered the living room.
 “Sorry about that,” I said as Faith made her way to the door.
She slid it open a crack and shouted, “It’s not your fault he can’t get over someone else’s past.”
“I guess we should leave before one of you kills the other.”
Faith stood with her hands on her hips. “Don’t even joke about that. You’re in more trouble than you know.”
“It’s not like I had a choice.”
“You always have a choice.” She put a sympathetic hand on my shoulder. “You need to find a way out of this before one of you gets hurt.”
I pulled the door open to enter the house. “Thanks for letting us stay here.”
“You can thank me by not screwing things up with her.”“What are you talking about,” I asked.
“I mean Lilly. I see the way you look at her. You need to get out of this with her before you’re in too deep.”

Chapter 20
We had driven for nearly a day when we arrived in Tallahassee. The dark night sky helped conceal us as we pulled into a tall beige building with a bright blue sign sitting on top. A red six hung in the middle of the sign.
I craned my neck in between the driver and passenger seats. “Are you sure this is where we’re supposed to go?”
“The addresses match up,” Mike said as he handed me the file with disgust written all over his face. 
We looked over at Lilly, fast asleep in the passenger seat; hoping she was going to wake up to a five star hotel or that the last two days had been a dream.
“I’ll take care of her,” I began as I opened my car door. “Go check in, and remember to pay in cash. We don’t need anyone tracing us back to this place.”
Mike was gone for fifteen minutes before coming back with two room keys.
“We barely have rooms,” he said as he forcefully turned the car on and pulled it around back into a half packed parking lot.
“How much was it?”
“Two hundred just to get the rooms. He said he needed everyone’s ID before renting the room to us. I didn’t have either of yours and didn’t want to run the risk of anyone seeing you; just in case they have your ugly mug on the news.”
You’re no prize yourself I thought, but decided to keep the comment to myself. Instead, I sat back in my seat and smiled.
“At least we have rooms.”
“Yeah, but only one queen sized bed in each.”
We opened the car doors and gently woke Lilly up. 
“What? Where are we,” she asked.
“Somewhere safe,” I replied. 
I grabbed Lilly by the hand; helping her from the car when Mike came up from behind twirling the two room keys around his fingers by the key ring.
“So what are we gonna do about this room situation.”
Mike and I eyed each other up; both wanting our own rooms so we didn’t have to sleep on the floor or a chair.
“I’m not sharing a room with you,” we said simultaneously.
“You hog the sheets and take up all the room,” I laughed.
“How would you know? You’re too busy snoring louder than a chainsaw.” Mike stopped twirling the keys and left them in the palm of his hand.  
Lilly took one of the keys. “I’m taking this one. Andrew, you’re more than welcome to stay with me.”
Mike grasped the remaining key with excitement. “Great, I get the whole room to myself.” He grabbed the largest bag which contained the rifle and swords along with his own duffle bag and entered room one eleven. “See you in the morning.” He placed the do not disturb sign on the door and locked it.
We followed Mike up the stairs and entered room one twelve; dragging the remaining bags with us. We entered the room; finding an old blue carpeted room with a blue multicolored bed spread thrown over a small queen sized bed. A massive TV sat on an eighties style dresser.
There room was filled with an uncomfortable silence as I placed the bags in the closet. It had been over twenty four hours since I talked to Lilly one on one and I was at a loss for words.
“I’m going to change in the bathroom,” Lilly said; breaking the silence as she pulled a pair of red plaid shorts from her bag.
She disappeared behind a paint chipped white door; leaving me to question if this was going to be how we lived for the rest of our lives.
The door slowly opened; revealing Lilly in the red plaid shorts and a tight black tank top. I couldn’t help but smile. Part of me didn’t care if I had to live my life on the run in two star motel rooms if it meant rooming with Lilly.
“What,” she asked; catching me staring at her long tan legs.
“Nothing, I was just thinking of what would be more comfortable the floor or a chair.”
“What are you nuts?” Lilly walked over and took my hand; leading me towards the bed. “We’re both adults. I think we can sleep in the same bed. I mean it’s not like we’ve never slept next to each other before.”
I wanted to climb in that bed with her and wrap my arms around her, but someone needed to keep watch.
“I need to stay up and make sure no one saw us come in.”
“And do what? There’s only one way out of the room and one exit from the parking lot.”
“That makes me feel so much better.”
“Just come to bed. We’ll worry about everything else in the morning.” Lilly gently patted the bed. “I promise I won’t bite,” she laughed while pulling the comforter off the pillows. She slipped under the covers and fixed her pillows.
“I guess you’re right,” I mumbled.
“Of course I am. Now, take off your pants and get in bed with me,” she laughed; realizing the dirty comments that were running through my head. 
I took off my shoes and laud on top of the sheets; staring at the ceiling until I finally drifted off.

Chapter 21
The next morning came too quickly. The sun crept through the thin dusty beige blinds; blinding me as my eyes opened slowly. The last few days felt like bad dreams, but the blinding sun reminded me I was living a nightmare.
As I tried to stretch my arms, I felt something resting on my chest. It was Lilly’s head; her arm draped across my stomach and her body curled up next to mine. I smiled; the first real smile in days. My arms wrapped around her shoulders and pulled her in tightly. I closed my eyes and pictured a future I wish we could have. We would wake up in bed with my arms wrapped around her before the door would be thrown open by our kids; running in to get us up and make them breakfast or to hurry downstairs to see what Santa brought them.
It was the one dream I had left. But the one brief happy moment I envisioned was instantly ripped away by the alarming sound of someone pounding on our door. 
I jumped to my feet; letting Lilly’s head hit the lumpy pillows.
“What’s going on,” she asked.
I ran to the closet and took a twenty two caliber from the bag and handed it to Lilly. “Get in the bathroom and don’t come out till I tell you too. If anyone else opens that door, point and shoot.”
I knew I was asking a lot from her. She didn’t want to hurt anyone and the last thing she wanted to do was fire a gun, but we had no choice. Someone was persistently trying to get our attention and had no idea who that someone was.
I checked the peephole in the door and found a blond man in khaki shorts; wearing a white polo shirt and sunglasses. For all I knew he could have been one of the motel employees.
“Can I help you,” I asked as I opened the door. The man turned around with a sly smile; the same one I saw a few nights ago at my apartment.
Agent Fields was standing in front of our door with a small accordion folder. He pushed it into my chest and shoved me back inside the room.
“The Benefactor sent me to deliver your briefing.” He looked around the room and smirked. “Not much of a hideout.”
“No, hopefully we won’t be here long.”
“I suggest looking the files over with your team to find out.” Agent Fields exited the room and had vanished by the time I walked outside to get Mike.
I pounded on Mike’s door for several minutes before he violently swung it open in response; pointing his thirty eight Beretta in my face.
I reached up quickly; pushing the gun down. “Are you nuts? You can’t answer the door like that. We need to keep a low profile.”
Mike looked at his hand and slipped the Beretta into the waist band of his blue boxers. “What’s wrong?”
I looked at Mike questioningly. “I wouldn’t leave that there. You’ll put a bullet in your ass.” I laughed until Mike took the gun out and placed it on his bed.
“Happy now,” he snapped as he returned to the door. “You mind telling me why you woke me?”
“We got our mission; get ready and come next door.” He went to shut the door, but I held a hand up. “How is it you sleep through everything?”
“It’s a gift.” I removed my hand; letting him close the door as I returned to my room. 
I placed the folder on the bed and heard the bathroom door creak open; allowing me to see Lilly poking her head out to check if everything was all right.
“It’s safe.”
Lilly exited the bathroom with the gun shaking in her hand. I hurried to her; taking the gun away before she dropped it and accidentally fired the weapon.
She flung herself into my arms. “Don’t scare me like that.”
“I won’t,” I whispered as I held her tightly.
Lilly wiped her eyes; pretending like she had an eyelash stuck in them and sat on the bed. She glanced at the brown accordion folder on the bed and turned her head quickly towards me.
“Is that what I think it is?”
“It’s our next mission.”

Chapter 22
Mike entered our room and huddled up around the folder. There were three sections marked off and filled with documents. We divided each section between us and dove  in; half being curious to see what we were there to do and the other half being afraid of what we might find.
Lilly took the first section; finding two pages of notes and a map. “I have our escape plan.” We turned our attention towards her as she read from the notes. “After the mission, we’re supposed to return here to drop the car off with the Benefactor’s associate.” She looked up from the papers. “That doesn’t give us a lot of time to get out of Florida.”
“That’s gotta be Agent Fields,” I interrupted. “What else does the file say?”
Lilly skimmed through the pages. “Just notes on how to get around Tallahassee, directions to get out of Florida, and a note telling us to head west towards Texas when the mission is complete.”
I looked back; finding the color drained from Mike’s face.
“What’s wrong,” I asked. He refused to look at either of us. His eyes stayed focused on the file in his hands. “What’s the matter? Does it say why we’re here?”
“It’s not for you guys,” Mike said as he spoke in a low raspy tone that I never heard him use before. “The Benefactor sent me a personal mission.”
“Why would he do that?”
“I guess he wanted to make sure we’re all in this for the long haul.” Mike gently placed the file on the bed; his eyes were bulging from his head as if he saw a ghost.
“Well, you don’t need to do it.” I tried to wrestle the papers from Mike’s hands. “I’m the only one with blood on my hands and that’s the way I want to keep it.”
Mike looked up at me. His worried expression was beginning to freak me out. “It’s not that easy. He wants me to kill Tom and Anthony.”
Lilly turned her head from left to right; looking at each of us momentarily before asking us who we were talking about.
“They were friends of mine from high school. I met them back in middle school and remained friends until senior year.”
“Okay, but why does some government official want you to kill them? What purpose would it serve?” Lilly thought about her questions silently. “Better yet, why would you want to kill them?”
“It started when I dated this girl named Jessica,” Mike began as he recalled one of the most painful times in his life. “She was the perfect girl for me. I wanted to marry her one day; even considered asking her once we graduated from high school. But all of that was taken from. All of it disappeared after Tom’s eighteenth birthday party.”
“I think I remember you mentioning that party,” I said; thinking back to our high school days. 
Mike gave me a sideways glance; remembering how we argued over him going to the party after his friends Tom and Anthony stopped talking to him for a week when Mike decided to not drive them around anymore unless they chipped in for gas.
“I wasn’t planning on going,” Mike began. “Jessica insisted I was over reacting and convinced me to go.”
“So all of this is over a girl and some house party?”
Mike shot Lilly a nasty look and continued to tell us about having a few drinks with Jess before finding Anthony outside. They talked about putting their issues behind them and moving on from it.
“When I rejoined the party, Jess was missing. No one seemed to know where she was, but one kid said he saw some guy taking a blond upstairs.”
I put my hand on Mike’s shoulder; letting him know we were here for him as he finished his story.
“I found her in one of the bedrooms. Her shirt was resting on the pillows and her pants were hanging on by one leg.”
Lilly cupped a hand to her mouth. “Oh my god.”
Mike told us how he dressed her and brought her to the car before running back inside to interrogate the people at the party.
“The only thing people could tell me was the guy she went up there with had short messy hair and wore a leather jacket. The only person matching that description was Tom.”
“But it could’ve been anyone,” Lilly said.
Mike stood up in frustration and slammed the papers on the bed. “I confronted him about it, but he denied ever seeing Jess that night. But I could tell in the tone of his voice how defensive he was. He was hiding something; I just couldn’t prove it.”
I thought about how quickly Tom and Anthony left town after graduation. They didn’t even wait till August when college would start. They were gone two weeks after summer began.
“So why go after them now,” Lilly asked. “Why does the Benefactor want you to kill someone that may or may not have slept with your ex and another that you argued with?”
Mike composed himself and picked up the file. “The file contains reported date rapes over the last ten years. There were quite a few back in the late nineties and early two thousands, but over the last three years there have been a steady increase that has doubled the amount of date rapes.”
“And the Benefactor believes Tom and Anthony are behind them? With what evidence?”
Mike turned the page. “Most of the women interviewed don’t remember much of the night in question, but recall being at a bar in Tallahassee and getting hit on by some guys with New York accents. One of them had long hair and the other had short spiky hair. No other concrete evidence has been obtained at this time.”
“So what,” Lilly retorted. “That doesn’t mean it was them.”
“That just means we need to find evidence that it is,” I replied while looking over the third and final file. My jaw dropped as I found our main target.
“You shouldn’t be surprised Drew. We’ve had this conversation about them before. You never trusted them in the first place.”
“That’s not it.” I handed Mike the file to look over. “We’re here to assassinate the Governor of Florida.”

Chapter 23
“What,” Lilly shouted. “Tell me you’re joking.
Mike clapped a hand to her mouth. “Keep your voice down. We don’t need anyone getting nosey around here.”
We looked over the file that incriminated Governor Levi. There were pictures that seemed innocent at first. Governor Levi was a man of average height with black and a tint of silver hair. He was sitting at a table having lunch with a Hispanic male in a white suit. The man’s hair was slicked back; reminding us of a used car salesman. They were surrounded by armed security, but they weren’t wearing suits or appeared to be Secret Service either.
“Let me see that picture again,” Mike demanded as he reached for the photo in front of me. He examined the picture carefully; squinting his eyes to focus solely on the Hispanic man. “I think that’s a Cartel representative.”
 “How would you know,” Lilly retorted.
“Mike handed her a page from a small stack of papers. “Look for yourself.” Lilly took the page from Mike and read it. “Those are calls to and from the same number every other day for the last year and a half.”
“So what?”
“So, that’s the area code for Mexico.”
I looked up from my papers and shook my head. “How do you know these things?”
“I paid a lot of attention in school.”
I couldn’t help but laugh; knowing Mike was the class clown in several classes we shared in high school.
“How? You were too busy making other kids do your work for you so you could make fun of the teacher.”
“That doesn’t mean I didn’t pay attention.”
“Can we focus,” Lilly snapped. “What else did you find?”
“Here is a list off the record meetings the Governor had in the last three years and a list of money transfers that took place twenty four hours after each meeting.” Mike showed us the documents; making me think there was something more disturbing going on at these meetings.
I looked over the pictures again and found one with two armed men standing next to a plain white van. The van was parked by itself on the side of the restaurant the Governor was having his lunch meeting at. There were shadows of several people in back of the van; looking like their hands were shackled together.
This was what the Benefactor meant for us to see. “He’s importing Mexican immigrants for profit.”
“But why,” Lilly asked.
Mike cleared his throat as if he was about to teach a history class in high school. “Governor Levi has been known as one of the worst governors in the history of Florida. Drug trafficking has been at an all-time high during his time in office. The crime rate has gone up ten percent in the last few years and obviously there has been an increase in illegal immigrants entering the country without going through the proper channels.”
“What’s that supposed to mean,” I asked.
“He’s setting up a retirement fund for himself. These transfers are for some hefty amounts.” Lilly and I shook our heads at Mike as he continued. “He’s selling people for money and securing his financial future.”
My hand skimmed the pages finding a note stuck to the back of the last page. “Guys, we don’t have a lot of time to do this. It says here the Governor is leaving town on December thirtieth.
“How the hell are we supposed to get both missions done in such a short time without being suspicious,” Lilly asked hopelessly. 
I thought about how quickly the police and even the Feds would be all over us once we took out the Governor and how hard it would be to escape even with the Benefactor’s help.
“We need to eliminate Tom and Anthony first.”
“But we need evidence,” Lilly exclaimed.
Mike cracked his knuckles. “I’ll handle them.  You guys just need to find a way for us to take out the Governor.”
“What are you gonna do?”
“It’s time for some old friends to have a reunion.”

Chapter 24
Mike and I had agreed to work in shifts. The day shift would be devoted to finding a way to get close to the Governor without being seen and the nights would be set for him to get evidence on Tom and Anthony. 
I took Lilly and exited the motel parking lot with the Malibu; searching for a route that would take us to the Governor’s Mansion. 
“We’re not that far from his office,” Lilly said while checking the directions. 
She was right. The Benefactor made us stay at the motel on North Monroe because it was a straight shot to the Governor’s Mansion; a mere ten minute drive without traffic.
She tapped me on the shoulder and pointed to the large building just off to the left of us. “Maybe we should find something there to help us blend in.”
I looked down and saw my blue jeans and black t-shirt thinking it wasn’t really Florida attire. My clothes screamed I was from the north and if that wasn’t a dead giveaway, my New York accent would.
“We can’t be seen in public.”
“No, you can’t be seen in public,” Lilly said reminding me that it was most likely my picture plastered all over the news by now; not hers.
I reached into my pocket, but only had a twenty dollar bill which wouldn’t get us much.
“Don’t worry, I came prepared.” Lilly took a wad of cash which looked to be close to five hundred dollars out of her purse.
“Where’d you get that?”
“I grabbed some cash from the bag while you were getting ready. I figured it couldn’t hurt to keep some on us just in case.”
I smiled; knowing she planned on stopping by the mall and constructing her plan to make me go along with it.
“Fine, I’ll wait in the car for you but be quick.”
“Do you realize who you’re talking to?”
“Shit, we’ll be here for the next five hours,” I laughed. “Just do me one favor. Pick up a really good camera; one with a detachable lens.”
“Sure thing, but why?”
“I have an idea.”

Chapter 25
Lilly and I returned to the motel around six that night with a smile on our faces and our hands were full of shopping bags.
“What’s gotten into you guys,” Mike asked as we entered our room. He was lying on the bed watching TV. He looked at our hands and smacked himself in the forehand with his right hand. “What the hell? I thought you guys were supposed to be scouting our target not going on a shopping spree.”
Lilly took the bags to the closet and began filling our bags with a few pairs of shorts and t-shirts that would help us blend in.
“Ease up,” I said while taking off the camera from around my neck. “We did both; take a look.”
I showed Mike several pictures of us walking around large buildings; taking snapshots of rooftops and seeing a long brick building with white posts and roof in the distance. He could see the black iron gate twenty yards away from the front door; doing its job and keeping trespassers away.
“How did you get these,” Mike asked.
Lilly stood up holding a long telescopic lens. “I bought it when I went on my shopping spree.”
“Any way we can access any closer buildings?”
“Not that we could find. The closest we can get is about two or three blocks from his office.”
“That’ll have to do. When you’re out tomorrow, find me the best view into his office from one of the roof tops.”
“Why?”
Mike opened up the long black duffle bag and took out pieces of the sniper rifle. “Because I don’t want anything getting in the way when I take the shot.” He quickly packed up the rifle before Lilly spoke against it and jumped off the bed and headed for the door.
“Where are you going,” I asked.
“I wanna grab some food and get ready before the stakeout.”
“You’re not going alone are you,” Lilly asked.
“Of course I am. I can’t try to get friendly with them with mom and dad looking over my shoulder and chaperoning my trip.” Mike laughed as Lilly’s face contorted with anger at being called his mom.
“I don’t care. You’re not going by yourself.”
I cleared my throat; forcing both of them to stop arguing and turn their attention to me. “I’m coming with you tonight. If they see me we can just say we’re there on vacation.”
“I don’t need you to watch my back.”
“I’m not there to watch your back. I’m going to make sure you don’t kill them before we get evidence on them.”

Chapter 26
Mike hovered over the file containing Tom and Anthony’s information while I drove to the address listed. “Are you sure they live together?”
“It was the only address in the file.” I craned my neck and saw a green house with a white porch. “Hey, I think this is it.” Mike looked up from the papers and saw the house number in the distance.
Tom and Anthony lived in a cozy looking house with two cars parked in the driveway; facing the garage. A red hot Cobalt sat next to slick black Cobalt. 
I snapped my fingers drawing Mike’s attention from the house. “I’ve got a plan.”
“Why don’t I like the sound of that?”
“I’m coming back here tomorrow with Lilly. I wanna see if we can find any evidence before we put a plan into action.”
“Don’t do anything stupid.”
“And I’m supposed to sit back and wonder if you guys got busted for breaking and entering?”
“No, you’re supposed to sleep through it like you do everything else.” I laughed, but Mike didn’t seem to think it was very funny. “I know it’s not a great plan, but we can’t risk you getting caught snooping around. We need you to gain their trust so we can plan out our attack.”
“Just the thought of being near them makes me wanna puke.”
“Too bad; they’re leaving now.”
The porch light turned on; illuminating the olive green front door as it opened. Two men exited the house. We could see Tom’s short messy hair, his navy blue jeans and black leather jacket; looking the same as he did the last time we saw him. But it was Anthony that looked much different. His long black hair was tied back; touching the middle of his black t-shirt and black dress pants. They entered the black Cobalt and sped off.
Mike slapped my arm with excitement. “Let’s go; we can’t lose them.” The engine roared to life as we pulled away after them.
It took us only twenty minutes to get there. A perfect time frame for Tom and Anthony to bring a victim back to their house without anyone noticing they were gone.
Tom and Anthony pulled into a large parking lot next to a long beige and brown building with palm trees sitting at the front entrance with multi-colored lights highlighting the trees.
Mike’s eyes were locked onto Tom and Anthony as they entered the front door with the blue neon light shaped like a moon hovering above it.
Mike slipped his gun from his waistband; hiding it under the passenger seat. “We should leave our gun in the car.”
“What the hell man? This is a stakeout. You weren’t supposed to be packing tonight.”
“We’re on a mission and are wanted men.”
“I don’t want you going anywhere near them with any weapons until we’re ready.”
Mike’s eyes told me he had other ideas, but reluctantly agreed to leave the guns behind. “Fine, I’ll lock in the glove compartment.” He reached for the handle and popped the box open. “Maybe this can keep you two out of trouble tomorrow.” Mike pulled out a small grey scanner.
Maybe he was right, but it also might be what we needed to finish the missions without getting caught.

Chapter 27
We entered the crowded bar; pushing our way through until we reached the dance floor. The soft blue lights kept the room well lit; allowing us to see the few wooden tables and chairs that clung to the wall. A massive stage completed the dance floor. The magenta lights flickered over the live band that was ending their set.
“Let’s split up,” I shouted over the blaring music. “It’ll be easier to find them.”
Mike nodded and walked around the dance floor; surveying the women bouncing up and down in front of the stage; cheering the band and singing along. I followed along the walls; hiding in the shadows of the room.
As the band finished their last song, the DJ started up the first of many songs; letting the girls dance to the beat. There was one group in particular Mike kept his eye on. It was a group of three girls in short dresses. Two were drinking beers and the third was drinking from a rocks glass. But what caught his attention was the short man in a leather jacket tried dancing behind the group; eyeing them up as if he was a tiger about to attack his prey.
He continued to dance and attempted to hit on the tall brunette with the rocks glass. But she quickly moved her friends away from him. Tom moved closer and she hurried away from the dance floor towards the bar at the back of the room. Tom signaled to her, but the man he signaled to was not some random bartender; it was Anthony. 
The tall brunette put her glass on the bar and ordered another drink. Anthony quickly fixed another vodka cranberry; placing it in front of her. As she turned her attention to her friends, Anthony placed two drops from a thin vile into her glass.
Mike saw the same thing I did and hurried towards the brunette as she took a small sip. He purposely bumped into her; spilling the drink all over the floor and a little on her hands.
“Watch it asshole,” the woman yelled.
“I’m sorry. Are you okay? Did any get on you?”
“Does it look like I’m all right?”
Mike looks her over. “You look hot.” He waited for the woman to respond; instead she smiled and blushed. “Let me get you another drink.”
“No, I’m fine.”
“I insist. The drink must’ve cost you at least ten dollars.”
“You’re not from around here are you?”
“Is it that obvious?”
“For starters, no drink costs that much here, and your accent is a dead giveaway. What part of New York are you from?”
“How’d you know I’m from New York?”
“We get a lot of people from Jersey and New York down here during the spring and winter. I know the accent when I hear it.”
“I was born in Brooklyn, but moved to Long Island when I was five.” Mike cringed when he told her this; forgetting his cover and hitting on the girl as if he was back home. “The name’s Mike by the way.”
She smiled and swirled around the last of her drink. “I’m Anna.” 
Mike stopped Anna as she brought the glass to her lips. “I’ll take care of that for you.
“Vodka cranberry.”
Anna took Mike’s hand as he led her back to the bar and was greeted by a tan woman with lip and eyebrow piercings. 
“Can I get a vodka cranberry and a bud?”
The woman began filling a glass with ice and poured the vodka over the large cubes while splashing it with cranberry juice.
Mike felt a finger tap him on the shoulder repeatedly; getting more annoying and irritated with every passing second.
“Hey buddy,” Tom began as Mike turned around. “Um hi Mike, what are you doing here?”
“Just passing through on vacation.”
Anna stares at Tom with repulsion in her eyes and whispers in Mike’s ear. “Do you know this guy?”
Mike weighed his options and knew the mission was more important than getting some girl’s number. “It’s a long story, but he’s one of the reasons why I’m here.”
“Too bad. We could’ve had a lot of fun tonight.” Anna took her drink from the bar. “Can I see your phone for a second?”
Mike hesitated and pulled the phone from his pocket. Anna took it; placing her number in his contacts list and handed it back. 
“Give me a call if you decide to ditch the creep.” Anna walked back to her friends; glancing at Mike one last time before disappearing into the crowd.
Mike turned his attention to Tom; trying to keep his disdain for him hidden. “So, what brings you down here?”
“I live here; actually Anthony and I both do.”
Anthony slid over from his customers and smile. “Did someone say my name?” He took a sip from a brown beer bottle and nearly spit it out as he saw Mike.
“Mike Santangelo, how the hell are you?”
“I’m good.”
“I just want to say…”
“Forget it,” Mike interrupted. He knew what was coming and didn’t want to hear a fake apology. “Whatever happened in the past is water under the bridge.” They nodded their approval. “Listen, I’m only in town for the next two days. Maybe we can get together tomorrow night and catch up.”
Anthony and Tom didn’t know what to make of seeing Mike and his abrupt change of heart towards them.
“Sounds good to me,” Tom replied.
“Yeah, it’ll be just like old times,” Anthony continued.
“Then it’s settled.” They exchanged numbers before Mike walked off. I could see Tom and Anthony whisper to each other; staring at Mike as he entered the crowd. 
Tom glanced towards the tall brunette again; thinking he still had a chance to score, but I knew how to stop him in his tracks. My fingers lightly touched the red square panel; gently pulling the white handle down and set off the fire alarm.
“Not tonight boys; not ever again.”

Chapter 28
It felt as if my head just hit the pillow when I heard Lilly’s sweet voice echo through the halls of my mind.
“Wake up,” she said while gently shaking my body. “C’mon, you said we needed to get up early today.” She continued shaking me until my body crashed to the floor with a loud thud.
I grabbed the side of my head; feeling a small lump on the side where I landed. “What are you trying to do kill me?”
“No, that’s my job,” Mike’s voice mumbled as he stumbled into the room. I heard the rustling of the duffle bags and the sound of the bed springs collapsing under Mike as he threw himself onto the mattress.
I crawled to the bags and pulled a clean pair of shorts and tank top from the ones Lilly bought yesterday.
“Give me a half hour to get ready.” I entered the bathroom, but could hear everything through the paper thin walls.
“You guys got in late last night. What happened?”
“We found them,” Mike muffled through the pillows. We’re becoming best buds again.”
“Sounds like your plan is running smoothly.”
I opened the bathroom door; dripping wet from the shower and peaked into the room. “Everything is on right on schedule. Now we just have to move onto phase two.”
“Which is?”
“We’re breaking into their house.”
“Wait, why? I thought we were supposed to check out the buildings we saw yesterday.”
I continued to towel off behind the bathroom door and explained how we needed to find concrete evidence that incriminates Tom and Anthony beyond what we saw last night.
“Just let me know when I can kill them,” Mike groaned as he barely lifted his head from the pillow.
“If all goes like I plan, you’ll have the green light by tomorrow morning. We just need a way to get you your weapons.”
“I’ll just grab a gun like I did last night.”
“And tell them what when they find it? We can’t have you kill them before we get there, and you can’t kill them in public.”
Mike looked at me suspiciously. “What are you planning?”
“You need to convince them to bring you back to their house tonight.” I unveiled my plan of killing Tom and Anthony before going after the Governor.
“You better find something,” Mike began. “Or they won’t be the only ones I kill tomorrow.”
“Nah, you wouldn’t have much fun without me,” I replied while pulling the rifle’s scope from the bag. 
“Yeah, plus I’d have to answer to someone else.” Mike nodded towards Lilly as she bent down to get the camera.
Lilly quickly looked up to see Mike staring at her. “And who would that be?”
“No one, he was just messing around.”  I put a hand on Lilly’s back; ushering her out the door. “We should get going.” I shot Mike a dirty look as we exited the room in which he responded with a smile before putting his head back on the pillow and fell back asleep.

Chapter 29
Lilly and I pulled up in front of the olive green house I found last night; belonging to Tom and Anthony. The house appeared bigger in the daylight; no longer hidden by the night sky and lack of street lights.
I pulled open the glove box and pulled out the scanner. “Keep this on. We don’t need any nosey neighbors screwing this up for us.”
Lilly pursed her lips together and kept her focus on the windshield. Her hand reached out; pulling the scanner from my hand.
“I don’t think this is a good idea.”
I laced my fingers with hers; brining her attention to me. “I know it’s dangerous, but we’re sending Mike in alone tonight. We need to know what he’s dealing with and where to meet him in the morning.”
She knew I was right. We couldn’t sit around wasting time until we eliminated our targets. I exited the Malibu and ran across the street finding a tall white fence; keeping on lookers from seeing the beautiful backyard. 
As I reached up to unlock the gate, my eyes locked onto multiple windows on the side of the house. I pressed my body against the green siding and cautiously made my way to the back of the house; finding a brick patio leading to the back door with a makeshift bar sitting next to sliding glass doors. The rest of the backyard was spacious; fitting three long tables and several chairs set ten feet away from a silver barbecue. Further back had two black metal benches underneath trees; facing a mini waterfall and a pond.
I was in complete awe of their house; thinking this would be the type of home I wanted to share with my future wife, but for now it would have to be a statement of our revolution. 
I looked back at the sliding glass doors; thinking if there was any chance of getting inside this was it. My hand reached for the grey handle; finding the door unlocked and hearing the whooshing sound as the glass moved aside.
The kitchen had a white tiled floor; leading to the main hallway. I peered around the corner; finding nothing but four doorways and hardwood floors. I walked through quietly; checking each room as I passed until I reached the guest bedroom at the end of the hall. 
It was smaller than the rest of the bedrooms. There was a thirty two inch TV plastered against the wall with an old dresser pressed underneath it. There was only one window in the room; found next to the bed and overlooked the white gate.
I quickly returned to one of the larger bedrooms; finding a queen sized bed sitting on dark purple carpets. The matching curtains were drawn over the windows; blocking any light from entering the room. My hand groped the wall; finding the switch a few inches from the door. It clicked on and helped me find a dresser and nightstand located near the bed. 
I ripped through the drawers; finding nothing but clothes, socks, and underwear. 
“Great, I’ve been in here for twenty minutes and can’t find anything linking them to the rapes.” I wanted to give up; thinking maybe last night was a coincidence, but that wouldn’t be good enough for Mike.
I entered the final bedroom; finding a king sized bed with a sky blue comforter. There were two dressers on opposite sides of the room and a walk in closet next to them. I threw open the first set of drawers on the closest dresser; finding lace undergarments, tight revealing negligees and garter belts.
“Shit, someone else lives here.”
I hurried to the other dresser; throwing the clothes on the floor until I found a little black box with two small cylinders inside. I knew what they were and didn’t want them to use those on anyone else. I poured out the liquid from the cylinders into the sink across the hall and filled them back up with water.
As I placed them back in the box and fixed the clothes, I felt a vibration from my pocket.
“Lilly, what’s wrong?”
“A red Cobalt just pulled up with a tall brunette inside. She’s heading for the front door right now.”
I could hear the keys jingling in the living room. There was no time to get to the guest room or get back to the kitchen. There was only one way to get away without being seen. I dropped to my knees and slid underneath the king sized bed as the woman’s heels tapped against the wooden floor as she made her way through the house.
My head just cleared the comforter as a pair of ruby red pumps entered the room; resting inches from my face.
“I just got home,” the woman said sweetly. “Do you want to stay in or go out for dinner tonight?” I didn’t know who she was talking to or how much time I had before they got home too. “I’ll put some chicken on the side for later. What time are you and Anthony coming home? Okay, I love you.”
The woman turned on her heel and entered the kitchen. The clicks of her shoes hitting the wood and tiled floors told me where she was. I wouldn’t have the chance to get out; not yet. I moved slowly to inch my way towards the edge of the bed; ready to make a run when possible. There was a loud thud; most likely her closing the freezer, taking the chicken out and putting it on the counter. 
The ruby red shoes entered the room; stopping five feet from the edge of the bed. She kicked them off; displaying her freshly painted pink toenails. She moved closer to the bed; dropping her grey skirt to the floor covering her tan bare feet. Her pink thong fell to the floor; landing inches from my face. The woman stepped away from the pile of clothes and walked towards the front of the house.
I could hear water splashing into the base of the tub. It was my chance to make a run for it. I pushed myself out from under the bed; creeping towards the bathroom until I was able to peer around the corner.
The woman was a tall brunette; looking somewhat familiar at a glance. Her tan naked body stood on a towel covering another white tiled floor as stepped into a Jacuzzi sized bathroom tub. I jumped to the other side of the door; making sure the woman entered the tub and headed for the front door.
Lilly stared at me as I reached the car; panting from the brisk run. “What took you so long?”
“I hid under the bed until it was clear. And I…kinda…caught a strip show.” I laughed but Lilly didn’t seem to find it funny.
“What are you talking about?”
I tried to launch into my explanation; telling her what I found and the layout of the house until the woman arrived. But as I began telling her of last ten minutes, her eyes squinted and was biting the inside of her cheek.
“Never mind, spare me the details. What did you do to the evidence?” Lilly turned the ignition and began driving.
“It’s gone now, but we need to get back on schedule.”
Lilly shot me a dirty look before returning her focus to the road. I knew this was going to be a long day.

Chapter 30
Lilly and I returned to the motel room as the sun set; finding Mike buried face down in a pillow with the sheets pulled up around his neck.
Lilly brushed her hand on the back of Mike’s head. “Wake up sleepy head.” Her voice was sweet and soothing, but did not wake Mike up.
“Yo, wake your ass up,” I shouted while kicking the bed.
He let out a deep agitated moan as he raised his head. “What the hell man? You couldn’t wake me up nicer?”
“I tried but you wouldn’t move,” Lilly exclaimed.
“Besides, it wouldn’t have been much.” I watched Mike roll to his side and pull the covers back. “We need to go over what we found before you get ready.”
I took out the camera and showed him the pictures of the buildings nearby the Governor’s Mansion. There were several houses a few blocks away, but appeared to be too far of a shot. Mike clicked back and forth; cycling through the photos until he stumbled on one he liked. 
“How far away was this one?” Mike pointed to a picture of a brick building with a red awning. 
“It’ll be hard to access. It’s a store front that’s sitting behind a barricade of trees. It’ll be nearly impossible to take the shot from there.”
“Maybe not.” Mike stared at the picture and devised a plan in his head; nodding every minute as if agreeing with himself. “If we park by that building and jump the wall, I can climb one of those trees and take the shot.”
“We can’t take that risk. You’ll be out in the open and only a block away from his office.”
“It’s the best shot we have.” Mike checked out the camera and looked up momentarily. “What happened at the house?”
“They had a few vials of some kind of clear liquid in a black box in their dressers. I disposed of them.”
“Great, what’s the plan?”
“Get them to bring you back to their house tonight. There’s a guest bedroom with a window just above a white gate. I need you to be there and ready by eight tomorrow morning. I’ll be there in the morning with everything you need.”
Mike stood up and handed me a duffle bag filled with his thirty eight caliber, rope, duct tape, and his sword which rested in between the handles.
“This should do. Is there anything else I should know?”
“Someone else lives with them; a woman. I believe she’s Tom’s girlfriend.” We watched as Lilly crossed her arms and entered the bathroom; slamming the door shut.
Mike shrugged off Lilly’s outburst and refocused on his questions. “What did the girl look like?”
“I never had a chance to see her face.” I described how I had to hide under the bed until she got undressed and went in to take a bath.
Mike couldn’t contain his laughter. “So that’s why Lilly’s upset.” He had an ear to ear smile on his face. “At least one good thing came from all of this.”
“Yeah, we know the layout of their house.”
“No, now you know how she feels about you.”
It felt as if someone smacked me upside the head with a book. Everything finally made sense to me; Lilly refusing to let us go on the missions alone, the way she looked at me in the bar, and her jealous reaction to the woman inadvertently stripping in front of me. It was a great feeling to know the truth, but it couldn’t have come at a worse time.
“You need to get ready. We leave in a few hours.”
Mike smirked as he exited the room; giving me a moment to breathe. I knew there was one last thing to do before setting the plan into motion. I needed to call the Benefactor.
I was met by his calm bold voice. “Good evening Mister Lancaster. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“The plan is a go for tomorrow morning. We’re hitting Tom and Anthony’s house at eight and gunning for the Governor immediately after.”
“Splendid, that’ll put us ahead of schedule. I’ll dispatch my men and have them meet you in the morning. They’ll take care of any loose ends”

Chapter 31
Mike walked into the sky blue lit bar at ten that night and hid in the shadows as he followed Tom and Anthony. He didn’t trust them and had no one inside to watch his back, but that wouldn’t deter him from his mission.
“Two nights in a row,” a woman’s voice said as she passed by. It was the tall brunette he met the night before. 
“Anna, right?”
“You remembered.”
“Of course; you made quite an impression last night.”
“As I recall, you were the one putting the moves on me.” Anna swirled the last of her drink around in her glass. “I guess it’s my turn to buy you a drink.”
Mike smiled; thinking there was something special about this woman; something he wished he could explore. “I guess one couldn’t hurt.”
They walked back towards the bar. Mike wanted to keep Anna out of Tom’s sight; knowing he would try to go after her again like he did the night before. He knew Andrew emptied the vials he found at the house, but there was no telling if Tom and Anthony had any more lying around.
“So you never told me why you’re in town.”
“Mostly business.”
“What kind?”
“I wish I could tell ya, but it’s not something I can talk about.”
“Oh a mystery man; I like that.” Anna signaled for the bartender; catching the attention of the woman behind the bar. “Can I get another vodka cranberry and a beer for my friend?”
Mike could feel someone watching him from a distance. He quickly turned to see Tom staring at him with his head slightly tilted to the side. 
“So what was with your friend last night?”
“I wouldn’t really call him my friend. We used to be acquaintances, but we have some issues to work through.”
“Well, from what I saw he’s a creep.”
Mike laughed and wanted to tell Anna how she would never have to see Tom again. He felt strangely comfortable around her as if they had known each other for years.
“Unfortunately, he’s here tonight. I have to finish up my business with him and his friend.”
“My offer still stands. Give me a call when you ditch the creep.” Anna leaned in; kissing Mike gently on his lips before walking off with her drink. 
It was a spark Mike hadn’t felt in years, but couldn’t focus on. Mike spotted Tom and Anthony glancing back from the dance floor. He hid his hatred as he walked towards them.
“Seems like you were having a good night,” Tom smirked as he looked around for Anna. “What happened; you stuck out?”
“Yeah, she couldn’t my sexiness so I had to let her go.” Mike looked around the bar with a fake smile on his face. “Let’s have some fun boys.”

Chapter 32
I came back to the hotel after dropping Mike off at the bar. Lilly was sliding under the sheets in her plaid shorts and black tank top as I entered the room.
“Hey, I just wanted to let you know I’m back.” I started backing out of the room but hesitated.
“Wait, where are you going?”
“I figured I’d take Mike’s room since he’s out for the night. I think we both need to get some sleep before tomorrow.”
“I was kinda hoping you would stay here tonight. Maybe we could talk for a bit.”
I took one look in her eyes and couldn’t resist. “Sure, what did you have in mind?” I closed the door and moved closer to the bed.
“I wanted to see how you were doing.”
“I’m fine,” I replied.
“No, I mean how are you; really?” Lilly took my hand in hers; inching closer to me on the bed. “You just killed two people and one of them was your dad. I can’t imagine how you’re feeling right now.”
There was anger building up inside. I didn’t want to talk about how it felt to kill them, because I didn’t know how I felt. There was still rage burning inside. Their deaths couldn’t cure the anger and hatred that was now boiling through my veins.
“You know what it did? It gave me motivation to continue these missions. Kenneth and Mona deserved what happened to them. They killed my mother; an honest and good woman who never hurt anyone. So yes, it affected me but it doesn’t bother me.”
“Then what is? I can see it in your eyes; something’s wrong.”
I dropped her hands and moved away from the bed. “You really want to know?”
“Of course; I’m your friend. You can tell me anything.”
“That’s the problem right there. We’re just friends. That’s all we’ve been and all we’ll ever be.”
“What’s so wrong about that?”
“Because I want more.” The words slipped out before I thought about what I was saying. My voice quieted down as I rushed to blurt everything out. “I wanted to tell you during Christmas break, but we were side tracked by this whole Benefactor thing.”
Lilly’s jaw dropped as she ran her fingers through her hair. “I don’t know what to say.”
“I figured; that’s why I never said anything in the past.” There it was. The conversation I played out so many times in my head over the last five years. I never imagined it would play out under these circumstances. “Just forget I said anything. I’ll just sleep next door.”
I lingered by the door; staring at Lilly as her jaw hung open in disbelief. I shook my head and walked towards the door. 
Lilly hopped off the bed; grabbing my and pulled me to face her. She looked deep into my eyes and kissed me. Chills ran over my body while my insides burned with passion; raging to get out.
“What took you so long?” She leaned in for another kiss; pulling me closer to the bed. I clicked off the nearby lamp and wrapped my arms tightly around her waist; landing in the bed and pulling the covers over us. It was the perfect end to a chaotic week.

Chapter 33
We arrived at Tom’s house a few minutes before eight the next morning. It was gut check time and the margin for error was minimal. I sat in the car; mentally ticking the minutes off until Mike was supposed to meet me at the window.
“You okay,” Lilly asked. “You’ve been quiet all morning.”
“I’ll be fine,” I lied as I reached into the glove box and pulled out the scanner. “I’m just a little nervous today.” I handed her the scanner and saw the digits on the dashboard tell me I had a minute to get across the street and meet Mike. “Keep the car running.”
“Don’t be long.” Lilly remained in the driver’s seat while I reached over and kissed her; taking her by surprise. “I could get used to that.”
“Me too,” I replied as I swung the car door open.
Lilly popped the trunk; letting me grab Mike’s duffle bag and sword before running across the street. I made it to the white gate just in time for a big hairy arm to reach out the half opened window.
Mike poked the rest of his body through the hole; finding me standing beneath him holding the bag. “Good, you’re here.”
His expression confused me. It wasn’t a happy, nervous, or scared. Mike looked as if this mission was making him put his dog down.
“You okay,” I asked. “You look like shit.”
“You’re no beauty queen yourself,” he snapped. “Hurry up before anyone wakes up.”
I handed him the bag and watched it disappear through the gap in the window. “Remember to keep the woman safe; she’s innocent.”
“Yeah, innocent,” Mike chuckled. 
I wondered what he meant by that, but before I could ask he was closing window. “Hey, unlock the back door,” I whispered loudly.
I could see him taking a gun out from the bag and put it in his waistband before walking out of the room with his sword in hand.
Tom and Anthony’s lies were exposed and Mike was set on carrying out our brand of justice. I knew what was going through his head, After all, it was only a few days ago I convinced him to work for the Benefactor so I could get revenge for my mother’s death. But a part of me knew he was about to lose control. Mike was about to let his vendetta overrule his judgemnet.

Chapter 34
Mike stood outside one of the large bedrooms; gripping the handle of his sword tightly while his left hand trembled as it reached for the doorknob.There was a small creak as the door opened slowly. The dense dark curtains were pulled over the windows; letting only a few specks of sunlight to enter the room. A shadow emerged from the covers; letting out a low yawn as he turned towards the door.
“Hey Mike,” Anthony said as he pulled his long hair back to put in a ponytail. “What’s up?”
There was no turning back. Anthony would notice Mike holding a sword and would alert the others before he could strike. He had to silence Anthony before he had the chance to make another sound.
Mike charged Anthony; slamming him into the headboard. Anthony threw an elbow in defense, but received a forearm into his ribs instead. He gasped loudly before being thrown onto the bed. Mike removed the sheath and plunged the pristine blade into Anthony’s chest.
“You should have been honest with me,” Mike whispered through gritted teeth. “I never wanted to do this to you.” He retracted the sword and wiped the blood off on the sheets.
Mike’s adrenaline was coursing through his body at an increasingly fast speed. It was time to focus on the true backstabber. He hurried to the kitchen and dragged two chairs to the middle of the white tiled floor. He placed the duffle bag on the counter along with his sword; removing the duct tape and rope before putting them on the round kitchen table.
“Time to take out the trash.”
Mike walked down the hallway; stopping in front of the other large bedroom door and kicked in the door with intense force. A couple fell out of the bed and held the bed sheet in front of them.
“What the hell man,” Tom shouted as he sprung to his feet.
Mike pulled the gun from his waistband; aiming it at the couple. “Move now,” he commanded; watching Tom and the brunette raise their hands and walk towards him.
“I thought we were cool.”
“You thought wrong.” Mike pointed the barrel of the gun at Tom’s head. “Keep your hands where I can see them and follow me.”
“Why are you doing this,” the woman shrieked.
“Tom knows why. We have unfinished business to take care of.” Mike cocked the chamber maliciously. “I won’t say it again. Move now!”
They followed Mike out of the bedroom and into the kitchen.
“You won’t get away with this,” Tom shouted.
“Why? Do you think your buddy Anthony is gonna rescue you? News flash; I’ve already disposed of his betraying ass.”
The woman’s face turned ghostly white. “Disposed of?”
“I’d let you see, but it’s a little messy right now.” Mike pointed to Tom with the gun. “Take a seat.” Mike grabbed the rope and tossed it to the woman. “Tie him to the chair. We wouldn’t want him to leave the party.”
The tall brunette carefully took the rope and wrapped it around Tom’s waist, hands and chair.
“Why are you doing this to us,” she whimpered.
“You’ll find out in a minute.”

Chapter 35
I watched Mike from the back door. He was barking orders at Tom and the tall brunette from yesterday. Her face remained hidden behind Mike’s tall muscular body and her long wild hair. Mike walked backwards to the door; unlocking it for me.
“You’re just in time Drew.”
“Where’s Anthony,” I asked.
“He’s lying in a pool of his own blood in the bedroom. It’s just us and these two.”
“Good, kill him and let’s get going.”
“No, I want him to admit the truth first.” Mike grabbed another rope from the bag and tossed it to me. “Do me a favor; tie her up too.”
As I walked towards the woman, I finally noticed who she was. The long brown hair was the same as it did during high school.
“Jess, what are you doing here?”
“She’s been dating Tom for a while,” Mike said coldly. “I say it’s time for her to find out what kind of man he really is.”
I placed Jess in the chair; securing her to the arm rests. “This will be over soon enough.”
“Please don’t do this,” Jess cried.
Mike removed the duct tape; placing a piece on their mouths.
“Finally, some peace and quiet.” Mike squatted in front of Jessica. “I wish you didn’t have to hear this, but you have no idea who you’ve been screwing all these years.” He pointed to Tom with pure hatred in his eyes. “This is the guy that raped you. He’s been working with Anthony to drug women at bars so they can have their way with them.”
Mike pointed the gun at Tom’s head. Tears began streaming down Jessica’s face as she shook her head profusely. Her screams were muffled by the tape; sealing her mouth shut as she tried to get Mike to listen to her.
I knew there was nothing she could say that would change his mind, but I was the only one that could convince him to listen. “Let’s hear what she has to say.”
“Why? She’ll just try to protect him or justify his actions.”
“What harm can it do to hear her out?”
“Fine,” Mike ripped the tape off of Jessica’s mouth and kept his distance. “You better make it good.”
“He never raped me,” Jess shouted. “It was consensual.”
“What do you mean it was consensual?”
It was getting harder to hear Jess through her sobs. “We started seeing each other a few weeks before the party. I just didn’t know how to tell you.”
“So you pretended to be drugged and raped?”
“I fell asleep in his arms after we had sex. He must have gone down to the party and left the door open. I panicked when you came upstairs. I didn’t want you to find out like that; so I pretended to be drugged.”
“So you played some sick game all because you couldn’t admit the truth. Well, let’s take Tom out of the equation.” Mike raised the gun to Tom’s head and pulled the trigger; splattering blood over the spotless yellow walls.
“No,” Jess screamed.
“Shut her up before someone calls the cops,” I commanded.
Mike placed the gun on the counter and picked up his sword. He stared into Jessica’s eyes; resting the tip of the blade under her chin.
“I’m going to tell you about the low life you chose to be with. Tom and Anthony have been under surveillance for a while and were caught drugging women at bars. I saw it for myself two nights ago, but stopped the girl from drinking it.”
“Liar,” she spat.
“Maybe you’ll believe Andrew. He broke into this house yesterday and found a black box with vials of liquid in them.” He waited for Jess to flinch, but something was off about her. She didn’t seem shocked to hear about the vials the way she should have.
“You knew what they were doing.” It was an outlandish accusation, but it was the only explanation. She didn’t deny it, but looked away instead. “You were part of it?”
Mike knew it was true. One look in Jessica’s tear filled eyes; revealed the truth. He lowered the sword to her chest and lunged forward; piercing her heart with the tip of the blade. Part one of the mission was complete, and their blood was now on Mike’s hands.











Part 2: Making a Statement

Chapter 36
Silence filled the car as we drove down Apalachee Parkway towards the Governor’s Mansion. Mike glared out the window from the back seat with the same look in his eyes that I had on Christmas. I knew how it felt to be swerved by people he once cared about. Now their blood and betrayal was etched into his soul.
“Can someone tell me what happened back there,” Lilly shouted; breaking the silence.
There was no easy way of explaining it. Mike didn’t want to talk about it, but Lilly wanted answers.
“There were complications,” I whispered. “The woman I ran into yesterday was Jess.”
“Mike’s ex; the one Tom raped?”
“Yeah, she’s been dating Tom since before the party.”
“So that would mean she wasn’t raped. What did Mike do?”
“Exactly what he had to do.”
Lilly pulled over on Monroe Street. “Tell me he didn’t kill her. She was an innocent bystander.”
I quickly told Lilly about our confrontation with Jess and how she refused to admit or deny her involvement in the date rapes.
“Pop the trunk,” Mike finally interrupted.
Lilly pressed the black button on the floor of the driver’s seat; springing the lock on the trunk. Mike threw open his door and exited; grabbing the rifle bag from the trunk.
“Wait here,” I told Lilly. “If anything happens, honk the horn and get the fuck outta here.”
“I’m not leaving you guys behind.”
“We’ll be fine, but I’ll feel better knowing you’re somewhere safe.” I leaned in to kiss Lilly; pulling her in tightly as if this could be the last time I saw her.
“Promise me you’ll be okay.”
“I promise.”
Mike ducked his head back inside the car; startling us. “Can we move this along? I’d like to complete this mission and get out of here. But if you two need some alone time first, there’s a motel not too far from here.”
Lilly turned bright pink with rosy cheeks as I exited the car and followed Mike to the brick wall that separated us from our setup point. We jumped the wall and fell to the base of a tree cluster. 
“How do you plan on taking the shot,” I asked.
Mike looked around nervously. This was his first time scouting the area and didn’t know which tree would give him the best view.
“You find a tree while I get the rifle ready.”
Mike took the rifle out of the bag and assembled it quickly; breaking back down just as fast and continued to repeat this process for three minutes.
“You’re pretty good at that,” I said while climbing a large nearby tree.
“I should be. I’ve been practicing for the last two days.”
“That’s what you’ve been doing while we were gone?”
“Someone needed to.” Mike assembled the rifle one more time before locating another tree midway between the wall and North Adams Street. “This should do.” Mike handed me the rifle as he climbed the tree; reaching back for it once he was in position.
I examined the tree; finding a red x painted on the bark as if someone intended for us to find this specific spot. “How long do you think this will take?”
Mike peered through the scope. “Not long; he just walked into the office.” Mike aimed the barrel of the rifle at the office window. He had never used a rifle for anything other than target practice and had to make sure the shot was precise.
The crosshairs lined up on the Governor’s neck; allowing for possible recoil to send the bullet up into his brain or drop down into his chest. Mike’s finger was itching to pull the trigger and fired once he was steady. A loud boom echoed the streets of Tallahassee as the first shot zoomed through the air; breaking the window. But the Governor moved just in time; the bullet connected with his left knee instead. The Governor doubled over clutching the wound; giving Mike the opportunity to fire a second shot. The second bullet put a large hole inside the Governor’s head; sending him crashing to the floor.
Mike jumped down from the tree quickly, broke the rifle down and started running back to the wall.
“Is he dead,” I asked.
“Yes, now let’s go before the cops get here.”
I could hear panic in the streets as people ran for cover. I knew the police would be there shortly, the Feds would be there soon after, and the countdown to our capture had begun.

Chapter 37
Lilly blew every stop light as we sped towards the motel. I was sure the Malibu had been caught by nearly a dozen traffic cameras, but cut our drive time down significantly. There was no telling how fast the police would show up or how quickly the road blocks would be set up.  We were racing the clock; hoping we won. 
We pulled into the parking lot; finding it nearly empty except a silver four door Sonata. The windows were tinted; keeping the three men sitting inside hidden from view. The doors opened as we drove towards our room.
Agent Fields stepped out of the back seat and walked in front of the others; wearing a blue polo shirt. “Get their bags and put them in the trunk.”
The two men hurried to transfer everything from the Malibu to the Sonata. They were quick and efficient; leaving nothing behind. Agent Fields walked with his hands behind his back and talked very quickly and sternly; leaving us feeling like we were in the military.
“Where’s the rifle,” Fields asked.
“In the back seat,” Mike replied. “Any way we can keep the bag? It’ll be easier for us to carry the swords.”
“Take what you need and go.”
Mike removed the swords from the trunk and placed them in the long black duffle bag; leaving the broken down rifle on the back seat of the Malibu.
“Where are we,” I began but was interrupted by Agent Fields waiving his hand in front of me.
“The mission was a success. Governor Levi is dead, but now you need to get on the road before the Feds show up.”
“But where,” Lilly asked.
“Drive to Austin Texas and call the Benefactor when you arrive. Until then, he has left instructions for your team.” Agent Fields handed me a note.
“Mr. Lancaster, you will need to send emails to both the Tallahassee and Suffolk County Police Departments; making sure they know these murders are connected.”
Something so simple as sending an email seemed like the most difficult job to accomplish when you are being hunted down. Finding a computer to access and sending to specific police departments would be very dangerous and could give away our location.
“How are we supposed to do this,” Lilly asked.
“There’s a laptop sitting in the passenger seat in your new car. You will find instructions on how to set up the secure modem along with the email addresses you need to send the notes too.” Agent Fields looked around; trying to hurry his men up. “You need to get on the road now; the roads won’t be open much longer.”
“What about the rooms,” Lilly asked while taking the keys for the Sonata from Agent Fields.
“We’ll take care of everything. You just get to Texas safely.”
We entered the car and sped off; hearing Agent Fields barking orders at his men.

Chapter 38
There was panic in the streets. A frenzy of people searched for shelter; seeking safety from the gunfire. No one knew where the shots came from or who was hit; in fact no one seemed to be injured at all.
Everyone stayed hidden until the area was surrounded by police cars and SWAT trucks; pulling civilians out of harm’s way.
SWAT entered the nearby buildings for the shooter while police combed the trees for any evidence. A few officers accompanied the medics into the Governor’s Mansion; finding hysterical employees crying into tissues while security kept everyone away from the Governor’s office.
He was found on the floor in a pool of his own blood. Two bullet holes tore the Governor’s flesh apart. The first blew apart his left knee; the other ripped open his forehead.
The medic looked at the commanding officer. “How do you want to handle this?”
“I’ll answer that,” a man shouted from the hallway.
They looked back and saw several men dressed in black suits approaching. They held out their badges; showing they were with the FBI. The man leading the charge was taller than the rest; wearing a sharp black suit, red tie and sunglasses. He was clean shaven and had a buzz cut had ex-military written all over it.
“Good afternoon gentlemen. I’m Special Agent Peterson with the FBI. I’ll be taking over this investigation.”
“Who said?”
Peterson pointed to the body on the floor. “You see that man? That’s the Governor of Florida. His death makes this a federal case which I have full jurisdiction over; which means you work for me now.”
“I don’t care who you are. This is my town and…”
Peterson bent down to get eye level with the officer. “We can sit around having a pissing contest; ending with you calling your superior, finding out I’m in charge and be responsible for the killer getting away, or you can follow my orders and help me hunt down the shooter.”
The officer balled up his fists and gritted his teeth. “What would you like me to do?”
“I want all the evidence you and your men have so far. I want the statements brought to me immediately.” Peterson turned to his agents. “I need two of you to interview the staff. Agent Michaels, get on the phone with the FAA and local airports. I want all flights grounded and a list of every passenger on any flights that left within the last half hour.”
“Yes sir.”
“Agent Robins, I need you to coordinate with local police to set up search teams and roadblocks. I want every toll booth and major highway out of Florida blocked off until we find the shooter. I also need any footage from nearby traffic cameras within a mile of here.”
“Yes sir.”
Another officer pushed his way into the room. “Excuse me sir. We have an email from someone claiming responsibility for the Governor’s death.”
“Let me see it,” Peterson snapped.
It was dated December 28th, with the subject six murders.
To whom it may concern.  As you all may know, the Governor of Florida is dead.  He was assassinated and rightfully so.  We received evidence of his part in illegal activities; which will be presented at the right time.  You will also find another three bodies inside a house in Florida that were killed earlier today.  I won’t disclose their location.  You’ll have to find it yourselves.  But I’ll give you a clue.  They’re within a half hour from where you’re standing.  All three were guilty of numerous date rapes in the Florida area and possibly in New York as well.
Speaking of New York, hello officers, I wanted to let you know we’re still out there.  The double homicide was not a mere robbery or done out of pure revenge.  It was the beginning of our quest; one to purge the world of evil.  Mr. Lancaster conspired and killed his first wife with the woman whom he died with.  He also corrupted the officer in charge of that investigation to help him with the cover-up.
Hunt us if you must, but know that we will not be caught easily.  We will strike down those guilty of heinous crimes and avoid prosecution.
The Phoenix
Peterson threw down the paper. “I want someone from the Suffolk County Police Department on the phone now. I need a trace on that email; find out who it belongs to and where it was sent from. This is bigger than we thought.”

Chapter 39
The hunt was on. Our body count totaled five civilians and the Governor of Florida, but they were no longer ordinary citizens. They were casualties of war. And with the Feds involved, we were wanted dead or alive.
The radio remained low as we pulled into a local convenient store parking lot. Mike was sprawled out on the backseat, while Lilly ran in for some food. 
The DJ’s voice broke the silence. “We are still receiving info on our top story. As we reported earlier, the Governor of Florida, Robert Levi, was assassinated late this morning. Sources say he was found in his office with multiple gunshot wounds. No suspects have been named at this time.”
A female DJ grabbed the microphone. “We are about to go live to the White House where President Mason is about to make a statement regarding Governor Levi’s death.”
I turned the volume up as Lilly returned with three large packages. She placed them on the floor next to Mike. 
“What’s going on,” Lilly asked. 
“Quiet, I want to hear this,” Mike mumbled.  
There was silence over the radio as the President made his way to the podium.  I could hear the dozens of reporters gathering together and muttering as the President prepared himself.
“My fellow Americans, today is a very sad day. It is with a heavy heart that I tell you that Robert Levi, the Governor of Florida was assassinated today. Governor Levi has been an asset to Florida’s political system, to the community and to other government officials. He will be deeply missed.”
In the distance a man could be heard shouting his question for the President to hear. “Have there been any suspects named in the Governor’s death?”
“We do not have any suspects yet. However, local law enforcement is working closely with the FBI to track down those responsible for Governor Levi’s death. All we know is that they are a group calling themselves the Revolution and are also responsible for several deaths in New York and Florida. But mark my words, this group of terrorists will be caught and brought to justice.”
“Is there any word on when the airports will open again,” another man asked in the distance.
“All flights will remain grounded and roadblocks will stay in place until further notice. That is all thank you.”
There was a roar from the reporters trying to ask questions as the President left the podium. The commotion was silenced as the DJ resumed control of the radio, but we heard all we needed to.
Lilly turned the volume down. “They locked down Florida and imprisoned their citizens because of us.”
“No, the government did this to them,” Mike snapped.  “The Feds probably thought if they acted fast enough they could trap us there.  Boy, are they going to look like idiots when we hit our next target.”
I started to laugh with Mike.  He was right.  We were about to make fools out of the FBI.  A part of me reveled in knowing that, but the other part of me said this was going to intensify their search for us.  

Chapter 40
The Benefactor sat on the brown leather couch in his private office; watching the recap of the President’s speech on the nightly news. His secretary stood behind him; massaging his shoulders. He turns off the TV and puts the remote down.
“Everything all right,” Joyce asked.
“Never better.”
Joyce pushes harder on his shoulders; making the Benefactor moan loudly. “Would you like me to stay late tonight?”
“No, that won’t be necessary.  I have a few loose ends to tie up before I leave.”
Joyce straightened herself up rigidly. “So I guess your wife will be happy to see you for a change.”  She walked towards the door; swaying her hips with every step.  She looked back and smiled before leaving the room.  
The Benefactor waited until he was alone before moving towards the desk; finding a video chat invite in a small box on the screen. After clicking the link, a square with a black shadow appeared on the screen.
“Hello Militia.  Have you been watching the news?  Our plan is working perfectly.”
“Yes, we’ve all been watching.  But there’s a problem.”
“What do you mean there’s a problem?  Everything’s been running smoothly.”
“Your team had contact with a civilian.  We believe he might have disclosed information pertaining to our mission.”
“Who was it?”
“Her name is Faith Brant.  She’s Mr. Lancaster’s ex girlfriend.  The tracker on the car said they made a three hour stop at her house in Virginia the morning after the attack at the Lancaster house.”
The Benefactor became enraged over this unauthorized stop. There was no way of knowing what was said and how much she knew.
“I want wire taps on her phones and someone following her.”
“We can’t spare any additional agents.”
“Damn it!  We need someone to tie up that loose end.”
“Fine, one person; that’s all you get.  Anymore and people might get suspicious.”
“Fine, have someone tie up that loose end while I get the team ready for the next mission.”
“Are you sure you want to go through with this? This is going to be very dangerous and might be too much for them to handle.”
“They’ll be fine,” the Benefactor smirked. “They know their lives are at stake. Once they complete this mission, there’ll be no turning back.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing?”
“I always do.”
The screen went black and returned to a wallpaper picture of his wife holding his two daughters. He opened the desk cabinet and took out a black briefcase. He pulled out several files and made copies of them.  
“That should do it.”  As he slid the final paper into the envelope, his phone rang.
“Joyce, can you answer it,” he shouted. “Joyce! Oh damn she must have left already. ”He picked up the phone, “Yeah.”
“Sir, it’s Agent Fields.”
“Ah so good to hear from you son.  What can I do for you?”
“The rifle has been disposed of and the cleaning crew has demolished the car.”
“What about the room?”
“Not a trace of them was left.  The owner won’t be an issue either.”
“Are you in Texas yet?
“Just landed ten minutes ago.”
“Good, get the pickup truck from the ranch.  Stock the house with food, supplies and video equipment.”
“Are we making a movie or something?”
“Let’s just say I have something special in mind for our group.”

Chapter 41
It was three in the morning when we arrived at a twenty four hour diner in Austin. Lilly and I stumbled in; collapsing into a large booth with pumpkin orange pleather seat cushions. Her head leaned to the right until it fell on my shoulder; allowing her to feel comfortable and secure enough to finally rest.
“Wake up guys,” Mike shouted as he snapped his fingers in our faces. It brought us out of our near comatose state long enough to look at the menu. “I don’t know about you guys, but I’m starving.”
“What else is new,” I mumbled. “You’re always hungry.”
Mike glared at me from over his menu. “Let’s just get some food and figure out where we gotta go.”
Mike looked over as a heavy set red headed waitress walked up to our table. “Well, you folks look like you’ve been thru the ringer. Rough night?”
Mike stared at me; wondering how much she heard or if she recognized us. “Something like that. Can I get a bacon cheeseburger, rare, and a sweetened iced tea?”
“Sure thing Hun.  What about the sleepy couple?”
Lilly’s eyes remained locked shut, but mine surprisingly opened when the waitress called us a couple.  
“We’ll have a grilled chicken wrap with honey mustard,” I said with a slight smile.
“Anything to drink?”
“We’re good with water.”
The waitress walked away and welcomed the man that entered through the glass doors out front.  He hustled up to the counter in his blue denim jeans and jacket.  His blonde mustache seemed like it was glued on.
I tapped the table gently in front of Mike. “Doesn’t that guy look familiar?”
Mike turned around instantly.  Talk about a stereotypical Texan. I mean does every guy here where a black cowboy hat?”
“It’s a little too noticeable if you ask me.” We kept our heads low so the man wouldn’t see us and waited patiently for the waitress to return.
It took her several minutes before she walked out of the back with a circular tray in hand; carrying three glasses and two plates.
“Here yall go,” the woman said; placing the food in front of us. I gently woke Lilly up as Mike dove into his bacon cheeseburger. The waitress looked on while I grabbed a few fries. “I guess you folks were hungry. By the way you’re chowing down; I’d say you haven’t eaten in days. Where yall from?”
The food hung in our mouths like a kid who was caught with their hand in the cookie jar. We never came up with a cover story. It was a stupid mistake that we overlooked. 
“Chicago,” Mike finally said.  We were decided to road trip it down here for a Rocket’s game.”
“What are ya doing out here? Houston is three hours east.”
“We have friends who live in Austin and are staying with them,” I quickly replied. “We got in late and didn’t want to wake them.”
The waitress eyed us up suspiciously, but saw the man at the counter waive her over. “I’ll be right back. Let me know if yall need anything else.”
I waited for her to move out of earshot and glanced at the stranger at the counter. 
“I think the guy at the counter is watching us.”
“What do you mean?” Mike pushed himself up in the booth.
“Don’t turn around,” I whispered. “He keeps looking over at us. You think he knows who we are?”
“You really wanna stay and find out?” Mike waived the waitress over and signaled for the check.
She placed the bill on the table and walked back to the cash register; keeping her eyes on us. 
“Let me handle this,” Mike said as he pulled the check away from me. “Start the car and get ready to go.”
Lilly and I slipped out the front doors while Mike kept the waitress busy.
“What’s going on,” Lilly mumbled as we reached the Sonata. 
I handed Lilly the keys. “Pull the car around. I’m going to wait for Mike; just in case.”
Lilly’s face went pale as she took the keys from me. The man with the black cowboy hat and fake blond mustache appeared behind me.
“It’s time to go,” the man said; dipping his hat.
“Who the hell are you?”
The man pulled off his hat and mustache. It was Agent Fields; cleverly disguised to fit in. “I’m taking you to the safe house.”
“When’s our next mission,” I asked.
“All the info is at the house along with some extras.”
“Please tell me we’re not staying in a motel again,” Lilly muttered under her breath.
“The Benefactor has set you up at a friend’s ranch not too far from here. He wanted to ensure your safety and make sure there were no loose ends.” 
Mike exited the diner and found us talking to Agent Fields.
“What’s going on guys?”
“Everything’s cool,” I replied. “Let’s hit the road.”
Lilly handed Mike the car keys and stumbled back as if she was playing a zombie in some horror movie.
“Keep up and take everything with you when we get there. I don’t plan on staying long.”

Chapter 42
It was nearly noon when I woke; finding my body sprawled out on bearskin rug on the living room floor. The room was blurry, but I could make out the lining of a brown leather couch, a few animal heads hung on the wall as well as several hunting rifles. I knew the others had to be somewhere around the house and needed to gather them to find out our mission.
I found Lilly in one of the two large bedrooms. She looked peaceful as she slept with the peach colored blanket curled around her. I wanted to lay next to her, but decided it was best to let her sleep. I continued to walk the hall and found an office with black leather chairs in front of a cherry wood stained desk. Mike was asleep in a pile of folders; most likely getting a start on our mission.
Despite wanting to know why the Benefactor brought us to Texas, I wanted a home cooked meal even more and I figured the others would as well. I found the kitchen just down the hall from the office and prepared a breakfast medley of French toast, bacon, eggs, and sausages. The aroma filled the house; waking the others with an intoxicating smell that we had been craving since leaving New York.
Mike entered the kitchen with a stack of folders. “I see you found your way around the house.”
“I see you found some good reading material; anything good?” 
“I never got started. I snooped around outside and found some video equipment in a white van out back by the shed. I found the folders right before I passed out, but I did find one interesting item.  There was a set of blueprints for a large ranch house with the files.”
“Do we know where this ranch house is?”
“From what I read, it’s about five miles from here.”
“What’s going on,” Lilly asked as she entered the room.  Her short brown hair was a mess and her clothes were wrinkled, but I still thought she was beautiful.
“We’re about to read up on our next mission.”
“Great,” she yawned. “But can we have breakfast first?”
Mike separated the files on the table as I put out three plates of food. He looked at me with concern. “I don’t know if I’m more scared to eat your cooking or see who we’re here to kill.”
“I guess you’re a comedian now. Well, don’t quit your day job.”  Lilly laughed at my comment through a forkful of eggs.  “If you don’t want it, I’m sure we can make room for more.”
Mike pulled his plate closer and held out his fork. “Touch my plate and I’ll make sure you can only shoot one gun at a time.” 
We laughed, we ate, we had fun; it was almost like the last week never happened. It was something I could get used to, but unfortunately we were far from this being our normal lives.
Once breakfast was over, Lilly cleared the table; allowing us to look over the files. There were six manila folders and a set of blueprints scattered over the table. We skimmed through them; finding multiple targets all seemed to be connected to each other.
“I have a pair of targets,” I began. “Jonathan Mason and his wife Laurie were accused of money laundering and extorting a political official. One of his business partners offered to testify against the Masons in exchange for a lighter sentence for the charges brought up against him. The case was later dismissed due to all the witnesses suddenly changing their testimony.” I looked up from the file feeling very confused. “That didn’t seem that bad.”
Mike put down his orange juice and picked up a file. “I got two targets as well; a Jesse and Judith Mason. Back in 2004, Jesse was accused of rape by a Rachel Corbin of Kansas City Missouri. The affidavit states she met the Masons back in early July 2004 at a bar in Missouri. Rachel claimed Jesse mason came on very strong and tried to convince her to go back to his house. She refused and was attacked by a man that forced himself on her a few nights later while coming home from work. Miss Corbin claimed the man that attacked her wore the same cologne as Jesse Mason. There are several calls made from Judith Mason’s cell phone to Rachel Corbin a week after she filed her police report. Miss Corbin dropped the charges and left town that month; no one has seen her since.”
Lilly sat down and read the next file. She skimmed through the folder; reading the contents to herself. Lilly’s eyes widened with each passing page. “Oh no; this isn’t good.” She picked up the remaining files and flipped through them without hesitation..
“What’s with her,” Mike asked.
“I don’t know, but these targets aren’t that bad.”
“Yes they are. They’re terrorists.”
“What?” Mike and I yelled.
“Each file lists another two members of the Mason family,” Lilly held each folder in the air and slammed it on the table while reading the names of each target. “Jimmy and Erica Mason, Lonny and Bethany Mason, finally Mark and Lisa Mason. They all work for the same oil company in the legal, management, and engineering departments. The company has been under investigation by the F.B.I. and the C.I.A for the last few years and they have been brought in for questioning while their offices were searched.”
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Mike said in a matter of fact tone. “They could have been looking for anything. It doesn’t make them terrorists.”
“There’s more. The main supplier of oil has come from the Middle East from a man known only as the Reaper.”
“Is that supposed to mean something to us?”
“It says here that the Reaper is supposedly reported for hundreds of deaths overseas and several here in the United States.” Lilly handed us the files
I took the folders and browsed them briefly. “It says the Masons have been getting oil at a lower rate and selling it at competitive prices here in the States. Mark and Lonny Mason have taken multiple trips to the Middle East once every four months for the last five years.”
“Great, so the Benefactor wants us to target people that have connections to a terrorist.” Mike grabbed the sixth file as he stood up from the table. “That’s smart; let’s piss off the terrorists.”
“I’d rather force them out of hiding,” I snapped. “We can take them out and make the world a better place.” Mike and Lilly were stunned with my desire to attack this family despite who his business partners and associates were. “Look, if we sever the Reaper’s connection with the Masons, that’s a few less people helping him inside our country.”
“We need to get out of this,” Lilly cried. “We can’t go through with this. We can’t go after terrorists.”
“Why not,” I snapped. “This is the change we wanted to create. We agreed we wanted to make the world a better place. This is our chance.”
Mike slammed his fist on the table. “No, you wanted this. You were the one who wanted to do these missions; not us.”
“If memory serves me right, you were the one getting all excited about using a sniper rifle and swinging around a sword saying you couldn’t wait to slice and dice someone.”
Mike knew I was right. We might have argued over actually going through with these killings in the past, but he used to think it was a great idea and had no hesitation back in Florida.
“Fine,” Mike threw the last folder on the table; spilling the contents onto the floor. “But we need to make sure this is legit. We need real evidence linking them to their crimes and to the Reaper.”
I bent down to pick up the papers and found a note from the Benefactor; giving us the last bit of information we needed.
Hello team. I hope you enjoy your stay in Texas. I am sad to say that it will be a short one.  The files contain pictures of your targets and their crimes. All of them live in the same ranch house in Austin, which I have provided the blueprints for. You should find some extra weapons and video equipment in the shed.  You will use the equipment to make a speech defending your actions. There is also a woman by the name of Sue. She is the live-in maid and caretaker of the children. Keep her and the children safe and take them with you. There is a van you can use; located by the shed. You only have a few days to complete this mission. But these targets are not just ordinary criminals; they are also related to the President of the United States.

Chapter 43
We waited until nine that night before taking the white van out to the Mason ranch house. We filled the van with the high powered binoculars, night vision goggles, a camera and a few guns. The van was parked just off the side of the road; hidden by a cluster of trees.
“You should have let her come with us,” Mike said.
“There’s no need to bring her with us until we decide to go through with the plan.”
“Which is?”
The truth was we never came up with one. We were too busy all afternoon arguing over attacking the targets and who would go to the Mason house. 
“I’ll let you know when I come up with one. All I know is we need to get the maid and the kids out before we take out the Masons.”
We waited in silence while watching the lights in the house slowly extinguish. We kept note of what times certain lights went out; figuring it was another Mason going to bed.
“We could always send Lilly in. She can help us get the kids out and watch over them while we go inside and handle our business,” Mike said; breaking the silence.
“Are you insane? I’m not letting her go in by herself.”
“Lilly is a sweet innocent girl. She can get inside; giving us the opportunity to get inside.”
“And say what? Hi, I’m Lilly. I’m here with two friends to kill everyone in this house except the kids.”
“Hey, you’re the one who doesn’t want her to get blood on her hands. Like it or not; she’s part of this team and we need to use her the right way.” Mike went on to tell me an elaborate plan using both the van and pickup truck to our advantage. His plan included Lilly finding an excuse to enter through the front door while Mike and I snuck around back.
“Fine, but I don’t want her in that house for long. According to those files, the Masons are very dangerous people.”
“No problem; I understand why.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Come on Drew, I’m not stupid. I caught you two kissing and see the way you look at each other.” He looked up and noted another light being turned out upstairs. “Do you love her?”
“I’ve been in love with her for years.”
“Have you guys talked about it?”
“Not much; we’ve been too busy running from the Feds.”
“You need to before it’s too late.”
“But with everything going on, I don’t know what kind of future we’ll have together.”
“Screw the future,” Mike shouted. “Just say how you feel and focus on the here and now.”
 I wanted a life with Lilly, but these missions were getting too dangerous. Our first mission had us wanted for questioning, our second had us wanted by the Feds, and after this the President would want our heads.
Mike closed the notebook loudly. “All the bedrooms are dark.” He looked at his cell. “And only at eleven thirty. This should be an early night.”
“Hold on, someone’s still up.” I pointed to a light shining brightly in the living room.
“We can’t wait any longer. We need to check this place out.”
I held Mike back for a moment as I saw the living room light turn off. “Give it five more minutes; just to make sure she goes to bed.”
Mike moved to the back of the van and pulled on a pair of night vision goggles. “Wait here, I’ll be back in a bit.”

Chapter 44
The door flung open and Mike was gone before I could voice my protest. He hurried to the edge of the tree clusters; tiptoeing around as he checked to see if there were any light sensors ready to go off at the slightest movement.
Within moments, Mike vanished as if he fell through a hole. My heart was thumping loudly; hoping no one found him; hoping that no one came downstairs and saw him trying to break in. 
I jumped as my phone rang; causing me to nearly jump out of my skin. I was relieved to see Mike’s name appear on the screen.
“Where the fuck are you?”
“I’m inside the house.”
“How did you get inside?”
“I found the cellar doors in the backyard. The lock was broken and I decided to sneak in.”
I knew he was in dangerous territory, but we needed to know if this family was guilty of  what the files accused them of.
“You see anything we can use?”
“There’s nothing down here. All I see are tiled floors and concrete walls.” I could hear his heavy footsteps lightly echo around the basement. “I’m going to check upstairs.”
“Don’t, you’ll wake them.”
“Relax, I got this.” His footsteps made a clunking sound as they moved up the wooden steps. The door squeaked as Mike opened it. “Dude, they have a huge kitchen.”
“It figures you’d find their kitchen during a stakeout. Hurry up and get back here before someone catches you.”
The loud clunking sound returned. “Hold on; I see a door at the bottom of the stairs.” He touched the door. “Damn, it’s a metal door and has two pad locks on it.”
“Two? Why would they need two locks for a random door?”
“Maybe they’re hiding something.”
“I think we need to come back here tomorrow with something to get that door open.”

Chapter 45
Lilly and I emerged from the bedroom around two in the afternoon. We spent too much of the day sleeping, but needed the rest before heading back to the Mason house that night. We entered the kitchen; finding Mike with a large sandwich on his plate with a full sized bag of potato chips next to it.
“Can you do anything besides eat?”
“Well there’s not much to do in this place other than sleeping.  And with the noises I was hearing, even the deaf would find it hard to sleep.”
Lilly blushed and hid behind me.
"Well thanks for broadcasting the bedroom news.”  I pulled out a chair and let Lilly sit down while I picked through what Mike left of the deli meat. I pulled together enough to make a sandwich for both of us before sitting at the table. “Listen we need a solid plan for tonight."
“Tonight?”  There was shock in Lilly’s voice.  “You want to do this tonight? But, we don’t have a plan yet.”
My eyes met Mike’s as Lilly turned to face each of us. She knew we plotted something without including her.
“There’s no easy way to say this,” I began. “We need you to get the maid and the kids out of the house before we go in.”
“I-I can’t go in there by myself.”
“You won’t be. We have a way in through the cellar, but Mike found a locked room that we want to check out before eliminating the Mason family.”
“We just need you to play lookout for us tonight,” Mike interjected. “Keep an eye out and make sure no one wakes up or comes snooping around.”
“And how am I supposed to get the kids out of there without tipping off the rest of the family?”
“You’ll go up to the house to ask for help. Tell them you’re having car trouble or that the truck died.”
I could see the fear growing in Lilly’s eyes. I quickly grabbed her hand; turning her attention away from Mike. “If anything goes wrong, we’ll be right downstairs.”
Lilly’s eyes filled with tears as she pulled her face away from mine. “Are you sure it’s the only way?”
“We can try to hold off killing the family for now, but we need to get into that room tonight.”
“But we need you to play lookout tonight,” Mike said as he put his arm around Lilly. “We need to know what’s in that room. There could be anything in there; maybe even something that can prove their innocence.”
“Or it could be evidence linking them to the Reaper,” I abruptly said. Mike and Lilly gave me a startling look. “Either way, it could be a bargaining chip to help get us out of this mess.
Lilly let out a small smile. For the first time, we could see a possible end that didn’t result in us dying or in jail.

Chapter 46
We waited until eleven thirty before driving to the Mason ranch house. It was pitch black out; not a single light in the sky. We parked the red pickup truck on the side of the road; just before the turn down the dirt driveway to the Mason estate. The white van passed by us as it turned down the path and parked in the cluster of trees from the night before.
Lilly sat in the driver seat of the pickup; gripping the leather steering wheel tightly.
I placed my hand on her shoulder. “Relax, it’ll be okay.”
“I know. I’m just…”
“Scared, I know.  If this goes down tonight, we’ll be right downstairs. Nothing bad will happen to you. I promise.”
There was a knock on the passenger side window; causing us to jump. I turned around to see Mike standing there; dressed in all black carrying the night vision goggles.
“Looks like they’re all down for the night. You ready to go?”
“Yeah, we just need a minute.”
“Oh great, we’re going to be here all night. Should I avert my eyes now or are we keeping this one PG?”
“Shut up. I’ll be right there.” I shut the window and watched Mike walk towards the house. I grabbed Lilly’s hand. “I have to go.”  
She squeezed my hand tightly.  “Go, I’ll be fine.”
I knew she didn’t want me to leave. There was too much on the line and she was a crucial part of the mission’s success. I gave her a kiss before leaving the truck.
Mike led the way to the van. “Is she okay with all of this?”
“Not really. That’s why we need to do this fast. I don’t want her being in there alone for long.”
“Understandable, but I think we should be ready for anything.” He opened the back doors to the van and saw the black bags on the floor. “I made sure we were well stocked.”
He opened the bags and saw it filled with multiple handguns, clips of ammunition, a couple of silencers and several knives.
“Where are the swords?”
“Sitting in the front seat along with a change of clothes; just in case we need to put plan B in action.”
“Good, grab the tools and let’s go.” I put a gun in the back of my waistband along with a silencer and knife in both front pockets.  We put the night vision goggles on and ran to the back of the house.  
Mike examined both locks. “This is going to take me a while.  I’ve never picked a lock before.”
“With all the stupid and immature things you’ve done, you never picked a lock?”
“I never needed to learn how. I usually just kicked down doors if I needed to.”
“Well there’s a first time for everything. You never used a sniper rifle to kill someone but you did that just fine.”
He took the tweezers and bobby pins and started working on the top lock. After a few minutes, my cell vibrated. I knew something was wrong. There were only two people who could have called my number and one of them had a reason to. I looked down and saw a number I didn’t recognize.  
“Hello,” I whispered.
“Hey baby it’s me,” Lilly replied with a slight quiver in her voice. Something was wrong and I needed to get to her, but we were far from getting into the room. 
“What’s wrong?  Did someone find you?”
“Yeah, I’m having some trouble with the truck. Some nice man found me on the side of the road and let me use his phone to call you.”
“I’m on my way.” I hung up the phone and quickly ran to the cellar entrance.
“Wait where are you going,” Mike whispered loudly.
“Lilly’s inside the house. Get that room open now. Our plan is going down now and I need to know what’s in that room.”
I heard the click of one lock as I walked up the steps. “One down,” Mike said softly with triumph in his voice.

Chapter 47
I hurried back to the van; using the change of clothes Mike brought to change my shirt to look less suspicious before walking up to the front doors. I could see two women standing in front of the bay windows. One was wearing black pants and a white blouse. Her dirty blond hair was pulled back into a bun. I knew that had to be Sue. But it was the other girl with the petrified look on her face that I was more concerned about. Lilly knew she was in trouble and the only person she could depend on to get her out of there safely was me. 
Lilly’s eyes locked onto me; turning her quivering lips slowly into a halfhearted smile. I knew then anyone could have seen me running to the van from the back of the house, but I knew they didn’t. If they had, someone would have been out the door with a gun in hand or at the very least would have called the cops. 
As my hand reached for the doorbell, a sickening feeling turned my stomach. “Which one found her,” I thought to myself.
“Can I help you sir,” the maid said as she answered the door. She was young; maybe mid-twenties but gave the impression she had been working tirelessly all day. Her white blouse was buttoned to the very top as if she was forced to keep it that way until she was off the clock.
“My girlfriend called me and said her truck broke down. She gave me this address to come pick her up.”
“I believe she is in the sitting room with Mr. Mason. Please, come in while I go get them.” Sue moved aside; giving me room to enter the house before closing the door and walking around the corner.
The house looked immaculate. The glossy beige tiled floors seemed like they were recently washed and waxed. There were photos of the families resting on the walls with crystal chandelier hanging over my head.
Normally I would have given anything to be in a house like that. Instead, I just wanted to get Lilly out of there. The thought of her being next to one of the Masons made my skin crawl and my blood boil. I knew what they were capable of and didn’t want them anywhere near her. But as much as I wanted to rip the house apart to search for her, I knew the only way to pull off this mission was to wait patiently.
Sue returned a few minutes later with Lilly and a tall man with a thick black beard. He was wearing a white dress shirt with a tie loosened around his neck; letting me know this was one of the Masons from the oil company.
Lilly saw me as she rounded the corner. Her eyes lit up and hurried to throw her arms around my neck. “Get me out of here,” she whispered with panic in her voice.
 I broke the embrace and stared at the man that accompanied Lilly into the foyer. I extended my hand, but not out of respect or thanks. We needed him to believe every lie we told him and being nice was the only way to do it.
“Thanks for keeping my girl safe. Mr. Mason is it?”
He grasped my hand with a firm shake. “Please, call me Mark and it was no problem.” He stepped aside to look at Lilly. “Did they say when the truck would be here?”
Lilly stuttered as she spoke; afraid to say anything that would screw up our mission or make Mark Mason suspicious. “T-they said it’ll be about a half I mean hour before they can get someone out here.”
Mark looked at his gold watch impatiently. “I don’t mean to be rude, but I have to be up early. Sue will wait with you for the tow.”
I knew Mark didn’t like that we were in his house. The tone in his voice told me he thought we were beneath him. But worse than that, I could tell he knew we were up to something.
“Thank you,” I said abruptly. “I hope we didn’t intrude.”
“It was no intrusion at all,” Mark replied slyly.
“Well, I’d like to take a look at the truck; maybe I can get it started and there won’t be a need for the tow truck.”
Mark stood there staring us down; trying to suppress his annoyance. He rolled up his sleeves and opened a drawer from a small table next to the front door; pulling out a red flashlight.
“I’ll give you a hand. After all, cars are a hobby of mine.”
Sue opened the door and waited for me to exit. She bowed as Mark stood on the front doorstep. He leaned back and whispered to Sue.
“Keep an eye on her.”

Chapter 48
Mark Mason had become suspicious of me the moment he laid eyes on Lilly and even more when he met me. The plan we executed was falling apart right in front of one of our targets. There wasn’t much time before he checked out the truck and found nothing wrong with it. 
I continued checking my phone as we walked up the dirt path to the main road; hoping Mike messaged me with the good news.
“Everything all right,” Mark asked.
“Yeah, I forgot to call my friend to let him know I found the place okay.” My lies were getting sloppy. We hadn’t planned for this to happen. 
“You two don’t seem like you’re from around here. Where are you guys from?”
“New York,” I replied. I was sure he finally pieced it all together after he found out where we lived. He was a smart man with well-placed connections. We were as good as busted.
Finally, my cell started buzzing; telling me I had a message from Mike which told me he was in the room; ready to execute.
I bit my lip in trying to hide my excitement. We were a few feet from the road and I had the green light to kill.
“Where did you park,” Mark asked as he saw the red pickup truck by itself on the empty road.
“I stopped about a half mile down. I thought I was lost and started looking around for the house number.”
The wheels were turning in his head. He knew I was there to take him out. He could smell the setup the moment we walked out the door. 
He raised his arm with the flashlight; knowing I was ready to strike, but I was quicker. My hand ripped the twenty two caliber from my waistband and smashed the butt of the gun into the back of Mark Mason’s head. His limp body fell to the ground with a thud cutting open his chin. 
I knew I couldn’t kill him; not on the side of the road. We were out in the open where anyone could see us. His moans turned my head as I watched him rub the back of his head; feeling the large lump my gun left. I had no choice. I began kicking him in the side; trying desperately to knock him down the dirt path back towards the house. By the fourth kick, his body tumbled several feet down the slope.
Mark caught himself halfway down; knowing I was coming for him. He regained his balance as I charged him; throwing the gun down and tackling him back to the ground. His hands seized control of my neck; pinning it against his body. With every punch I threw, he synched the hold tighter; rendering me defenseless. But I had one thing left that could help. 
My hand reached into my pants pocket; pulling out a small knife I placed there earlier and used it to stab Mark Mason in the side; causing him to release me. He howled as his blood seeped onto the dirt. I dropped the knife and began choking him; trying to silence his cries for help.
His hands flew up; reaching for my eyes. I used my face to push them aside while striking him with my right hand. His head smacked the ground as I continued to throttle his throat. I could see the life draining from him, but his eyes focused on the bloody object to my left. He groped the ground; finding the knife inches from his hand. It was his last chance for survival.
I pinned his arm with my knee and grabbed the knife. “Nice try.” I gripped the knife tightly and made a quick slice across his throat; letting a river of blood spill out onto the path. 
Mark Mason frantically clutched the wound; trying to stop the bleeding. But it was too late; the damage was done. He slid to the ground and became motionless. Mark Mason was dead.
“One down; nine to go.”

Chapter 49
Lilly watched from the bay window as I ran back to the house. She could see the panic in my eyes and rushed to the door. 
Sue met her with a look of concern. “What’s wrong? Where’s Mr. Mason?” Sue’s eyes dropped to the crimson smears on my jeans. Her mouth opened and was about to blow our cover with a single scream.
Lilly reached for her pant leg; pulling a small silver revolver from a hidden holster. She jammed the barrel of the gun into the back of Sue’s head; muffling her scream with a silencing hand.
“Do what we say and I won’t have to put a hole through your skull.” Lilly’s eyes filled with tears while her hand was steadily pointing the gun.
I was pleasantly surprised by the way Lilly took control of the situation. Maybe it was the fear of getting caught, or maybe it came from her wanting to prove she could handle herself during the missions. Either way, I was impressed.
Lilly slowly removed her hand from Sue’s mouth; letting her talk for a moment. “What do you want from me? What did you do to Mr. Mason?”
“He had an unfortunate accident and won’t be rejoining the party.” I could tell she wanted to yell. If she did, her scream would alert everyone in the house. “All we want is to get the kids out of the house without disturbing the others. Can you do that?”
Sue nodded her head in compliance. “Please don’t hurt the kids. They’re innocent children.”
“They’ll be fine. We just want them out of harm’s way.”
“Then what do you want?”
“Justice,” I replied. “Now no more questions.” I waived Lilly over; watching her keep the gun locked on Sue while walking around her. “Don’t let her out of your sight. Keep the gun ready, but don’t let the kids see it.”
“Where are you going,” Lilly asked.
“Downstairs. I need to see what Mike found.”
I searched the house for the kitchen; knowing it contained the cellar entrance. The room was at the back of the house and looked as if it was never used. It was spotless with marble counter tops and tiled floors. I searched the room and found an old wooden door slightly ajar.
I knew someone had found him and raced down the stairs; finding the door open with a shadow of an arm stretched out.
“Mike, it’s me; everything okay down there?”
“Yeah, I just had an unexpected visitor.”
I climbed down the last few steps and saw a petrified woman pressed against the wall with her hands raised in surrender. Mike stood a few feet away; pointing a gun in her face.
 “Who’s the chick,” I asked.
“I’m not a chick. I’m a Mason damn it. Just wait until my husband gets a hold of you. You’ll be sorry.”
“Oh you mean Mark?”
The confident smirk Lisa Mason once had was replaced with a look of concern and worry. “H-how do you know Mark?”
“We bumped into each other earlier.”
“W-what do you want from us?”
“From you; nothing, but I’m sure your children will find good homes somewhere. As for your husband, he shared the same fate you’re about to.” I nodded to Mike. There was a small high pitched pop as the bullet passed the silencer and splattered blood across the wall. “Let’s move; we need to get the rest of our gear.”

Chapter 50
We entered the Mason estate carrying an extra clip, silenced guns and our swords. Mike stared at his; remembering how he used it to kill his former friends and his ex.
“Are you okay,” I asked. 
Mike’s eyes were bloodshot and filled with remorse. “I just don’t know if I want to use this right now.” He met my gaze and quickly slung the sword over his shoulder. “Never mind; let’s go.”
We entered the Mason house and followed the white staircase to the second floor; finding royal blue carpets lining the ground. 
“How do you wanna do this,” Mike whispered.
“Take the left side of the hall; I’ll take the right.”
I entered the first room on the right; slipping through a small crack in the door and found a pair of Masons sleeping soundly in their king sized bed. They were motionless; not even the small sliver of light fazed them. I didn’t want to use the gun or the sword in fear of waking the other. Instead I crept towards the bed; slipping the bloody knife from my pocket and silently swiped the blade across their throats. A stream of blood poured onto the expensive silk sheets; dripping onto the floor. It was quick and virtually painless which was the least I could do.
“That’s four down,” I whispered. I exited the room; finding Mike closing the door across the hall. 
“You find anything,” Mike asked in a hushed tone.
“Yeah, another couple down. What about you?”
“I checked two rooms so far, but both were kid’s rooms.”
“Keep looking; the others should be here somewhere.” 
I entered the next room; finding another pair of Masons sleeping peacefully in their bed. The plan was working perfectly; a little too perfectly.
I walked to the side of the bed; coming face to face with another of the Mason brothers. I reached for the knife in my pocket, but was cut off by the sound of a loud shattering noise down the hall followed by a woman’s screeching yell. I had to move quickly or my victims would wake. In one swift movement, I removed the sword from its sheath and plunged the tip of the blade into Mr. Mason’s chest.
“Honey…honey, wake up,” the woman next to him cried while shaking him vigorously until he rolled onto his back.
I could see the look of terror in her face as a glimmer of light reflected off the sword; catching her attention. I knew she was ready to scream. It’s why I put the silencer on my gun and took aim the moment I stabbed her husband. The barrel of the gun rested a foot from her head; silencing her cry with a pull of a trigger.

Chapter 51
I found Mike hunched over in the hallway. He was panting; sweat was pouring down the side of his face and he was worried.
“What the hell happened,” I demanded to know. Whatever went down in that room almost woke up the Masons which could have ruined the whole mission or worse.
“The damn wife woke up as I was killing her husband. She grabbed a lamp and broke it over my back.” Mike straightened himself up against the wall and took a deep breath; wiping the sweat from his forehead. 
I shoved him against the wall. “You almost got me killed because of that mistake.
“I can’t help it if the bitch woke up. I was quiet.”
“Just tell me she’s dead.”
“She put up a bit of a fight, but I got the job done.”
“Not quite; there are two…”
I was cut off by a loud piercing scream down the hall that alerted us. The final two targets stood at the end of the hall; staring at the blood dripping from my sword and the guns in our hands.
“Shit, they saw us. Get them,” I called to Mike as I led the charge down the hall. 
They took off down the stairs. We were right behind them, but saw they were near the bottom of the stairs. We didn’t have much time before they reached the front door. Mike aimed the gun over my head and pulled the trigger. The bullet whizzed over my head; striking the door as the wife pulled it open.
“I got him. Go after here,” I shouted. I dropped my sword and tackled the husband as Mike ran past us and out the front door.
I watched Mike raise his gun, line up his shot and pulled the trigger. His aim was precise as the last of the Mason wives dropped to the ground.
I took my eyes away from my target a moment too long as the final Mason connected with a fist to my jaw. The searing pain forced me onto back. His hand remained clenched as he climbed to his feet. I turned to my side in time to see Mason measuring me up for a punt to my stomach.
My instincts took over. It was the first time I’d been in a real fight since middle school, and this time the stakes were life and death. I grabbed his right foot and kicked out the left. I jumped on top of him; pummeling him with punches. Each strike felt like a release of anger and frustration. The crimson river that flowed from his nose was a sight I was used to seeing after the last couple of weeks.
I couldn’t stop. My fist continued to drop forcefully on his face. But he wasn’t content with lying there; taking each hit. Mason threw his hands up in defiance and pushed my body away; putting enough room between us to get his foot in between. In one last desperate attempt, he kicked my chest; pushing me away. 
I reached for the top of my pants; expecting to find my gun, but nothing was there. I scanned the area around my body and stumbled to my feet. After turning around, I saw where my gun was. It was pointed at my chest. I knew my time was up. There was no time to run; nowhere to hide. Every member of his family was dead and he had one of the killers in his crosshairs.
 Everything happened in slow motion. The trigger was pulled. I could hear the bullet leave the chamber. I did the only thing I could. I dove to the side; hoping to escape my impending death. As I landed, I checked to see if I’d been hit. I didn’t feel any pain; couldn’t find any wounds. Instead I found a body lying several feet from mine in a pool of its own blood.
“Do I have to do all the shooting around here,” Mike said sarcastically as I stared at the body. He looked at me; seeing my face was pale and clammy. “You’re okay. It’s over.”
“But I almost…” 
“Got shot,” he finished. “But you weren’t.”
“Thanks to you.”
“You can thank me later. Let’s get out of here before someone finds the bodies.
I checked the body for a pulse and found nothing. I walked back to the drawer Mark opened earlier and jotted down a brief note for the Feds to find. But nothing could express the fear I felt; knowing I was seconds from losing my life.

Chapter 52
“They’ve struck again. Ten bodies found at a ranch house in Texas along with another note. Those were the words Agent Peterson kept replaying in his head as he flew to Austin Texas. His worst fears came true. Not only did the group known as the Revolution evade his pursuit in Florida, they struck again; this time with a higher body count.
Peterson wondered if there was more than just the one crime scene. After all, the Phoenix left two in Florida and one of them took three days to uncover. He knew there wasn’t any time to waste. The group was most likely on the move and he didn’t have a chance to process the crime scene yet.
The rental car was waiting for him the second he stepped off the plane and took off towards the address he was forwarded to by a friend at the local Sheriff’s Department. 
Peterson pulled up to the Ranch house; finding Federal Agents, police and sheriffs swarming the scene. Every inch of the property was covered by someone wearing a badge; combing the area for a shred of evidence they could use against the Revolution. 
Peterson approached a nearby agent and flashed his credentials. “What do we have?”
“This is a massacre. Five families lived in that house. All of them were found dead this morning.”
“COD?”
“Everyone was either shot, stabbed or had their throats sliced.”
“How were the bodies discovered?”
The agent walked Agent Peterson towards the house and stopped midway down the dirt path. “A neighbor was on his morning run and thought he saw a body on the ground just outside the house.” The agent pointed to the body with a white sheet covering it. “He found Erica Mason face down with a bullet wound in the back of her head. He ran back to the road to call police and found another body hidden in the trees.”
The agent showed another white sheet covering a body in a cluster of trees. Peterson pulled the sheet back. “What happened to this one?”
“Mark Mason, he appeared to be attacked near the road. One of his shoes was found just off the path. There are multiple bruises around the face and neck; consistent with a struggle. The victim has a stab wound just under his ribs on his left side and died from his throat being slit open. The blood trail leads from here to the dirt path.”
Peterson brushed his hand over his short hair. “Tell me you guys have some good news for me.”
We have analysts looking into two sets of tire tracks that are believed to belong to the suspects.”
“How do you know it’s theirs?”
“We compared them to all other vehicles on the property and haven’t found any that matched. They said one looks like it belongs to a van; the other a pickup truck.”
“Good, I want to know who they belong to immediately.”
A red headed agent inched closer to Agent Peterson; listening in to his conversation.
Peterson put the white sheet down and walked towards the house. “What else?”
“There was a scuffle in one of the bedrooms. There were broken lamp fragments found scattered along the floor.”
“Were you able to get any DNA?”
The agent flipped through his notepad. “The only blood we found seemed to belong to the victims; Jesse and Judith Mason.”
Peterson shook his head in disbelief. “This is just great. Ten dead bodies and all we have are a few tire tracks.”
“We have bullet casings too.”
“Well that changes everything.”
“There’s more.”
Peterson rubbed his eyes with annoyance. “What else can you possibly tell me?”
The agent escorted Peterson into the house; stepping over another body wrapped in a white sheet. “There are five children and a maid still not accounted for.”
“How do you know they’re missing?”
“Well for starters, they’re not here.” The agent watched Peterson flash him a dirty look. “Sorry sir; I mean there are pictures of the families over here on the walls.”
They examined the pictures finding five small children, all under the age of ten, and a woman in her mid-twenties dressed in black pants and a white shirt.
“Good work agent.” Peterson stepped outside and looked down at the white sheet covering Erika Mason.
“Agent Peterson,” a man shouted as he exited the house. He was a scrawny looking man with black rimmed glasses wearing a wrinkled white striped dress shirt. “Thank god you’re here. We have a situation in the basement.”
“What kind of situation?”
“One that’s going to require a call in to Homeland Security.”
“What the hell do we need them for?”
“One of the victims was found in the cellar with a gunshot to the head. But the room we found her inside a room what had two locks that were tampered with.”
“Why is she different than all the other victims?”
“Not the victim; the room. It was filled with documents and records of business transactions between the Mason family and the Whitman Agency.”
“How is this important?”
“The Whitman Agency is believed to be a front for the terrorist known as the Reaper.”
Peterson gasped at the sound of the name. Reaper had been on every agencies radar for years. He was responsible for thousands of deaths overseas and believed to have had a hand in a several in the United States.
“Thanks, I’ll give them a call in a bit.” This was too much for Peterson to handle and knew he couldn’t work both cases.
“I collect the evidence for them, but shouldn’t we call the President too. I mean after all the victims were members of his family.”
It took Peterson a moment to connect the dots. He kept hearing the names of the victims and not once did he place the Mason name along with the President. 
Peterson quickly called the White House. “Mr. President, this is Special Agent Peterson with the FBI.”
“Good morning, I hope you have some good news for me.”
“No sir, I regret to inform you they struck again.”
“Where and how many victims?”
“Ten bodies in Austin Texas, but there’s more.”
“Out with it. What aren’t you telling me?”
“Sir, I’m sorry to report the ten victims were all members of the Mason family.”
“The Mason family; my family? Those bastards targeted my family?” There was rage in the President’s voice. “You listen to me Peterson. You find them and stop them no matter what. I want them caught dead or alive.”
“Yes sir.  I’ll bring them to justice.”
“I’m counting on it.”

Chapter 53
The Benefactor was in the middle of a meeting when his phone went off. He wanted to ignore the call, but the name Agent Ruiz caught his attention.
“Excuse me gentlemen this will only take a minute.” The Benefactor rushed out of the room and accepted the call. “This better be good.”
“Sir I’m at the Mason house right now,” the man whispered into the phone. “Your team struck last night and Agent Peterson is already here snooping around.”
“Well this is news to me. Have you heard from Agent Fields?”
“No sir.”
“Then I suggest you get over to the safe house immediately.”
“But I-I just can’t leave here.  It’d look suspicious.”
“If they’re found by Peterson, we’re all screwed. Get down there and make sure they get to California immediately.” The Benefactor ended the call and clasped his hand over his mouth.  “Morons,” he whispered. He quickly dialed a number into his phone.
“Hello,” Agent Fields yawned.
“Get your ass out of bed. You need to be down at the safe house ASAP.”
“Why? What happened?”
“The team went through with it last night and didn’t contact anyone. We need to get them out before the road blocks are setup.”
“I’ll be there in a half hour.”
“Hurry up. I dispatched Agent Ruiz to join you. Maybe one of you two can do their job right.”
The Benefactor hung up and rejoined the meeting.  “Sorry about that. A husband’s work is never done.”

Chapter 54
It was the image of a gun pointing at my chest that haunted me all night. A blurred figure stood a few feet away; keeping the barrel locked on to my chest. At first it was only me reliving my final moments at the Mason house, but then the dream changed. I was lying on a beige carpet with a man standing over me; his gun dangling above me. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t breathe. I could only watch as he finger inched closer to pulling the trigger.
I woke up in a cold sweat every hour. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it was going to pop out of my chest. It was hard to keep Lilly from noticing. She didn’t need to know what happened at the Mason house. It would only complicate things further; for the mission and for us. The only thing that eased me back to sleep was watching her as she kept her head on my chest as we lay on the floor in the hallway.
After the last dream, I opened my eyes to a bright light; blinding me with rays of sunshine. The last opportunity to capture a moment of sleep was gone; ripped away by the radiant sun and the constant pounding noise from the front door.
Lilly quickly pushed herself off of my chest and craned her neck nervously checking for the source of the noise.
“What’s going on,” she asked.
“Lock yourself in the room and don’t let anyone come out till I tell you it’s safe.” I could see the fear in Lilly’s eyes.
“What if it’s the police?”
“If it was, they would’ve found a way inside without us knowing and had us in handcuffs. Now go; I’ll take care of whoever is at the door.”
Lilly took the key from around her neck and unlocked the bedroom door. After I heard it click shut, I took the twenty eight caliber from the floor and rushed to the living room.
My body hugged tightly to the door as I peered through the peephole; seeing a man with blond hair wearing blue jeans and messy blue t-shirt standing on the front step.
“Agent Fields,” I gasped as I opened the door. “What are you doing here? We weren’t expecting you.”
Agent Fields grabbed a fist full of my shirt and pushed me back inside the house. “Shut up and get inside.” He looked around anxiously. “Where are the others? Where are the hostages?”
“They’re in the other room. What’s wrong?”
“What’s wrong is you completed the mission last night didn’t have the common sense to inform us. We needed to get you out before the F.B.I. showed up.”
There it was; yet another critical mistake I made in this war we were fighting for the Benefactor. How could I forget something so important as calling the Benefactor to let him know what happened?
“We ran into a few problems during our surveillance. Mark Mason found Lilly on the side of the road; so we had to put our backup plan in motion. While eliminating the targets, one of them got the jump on me. I lost my gun in the scuffle and nearly had my head blown off.”
There was worry on Agent Fields’ face. He didn’t know the full story, but knew a crucial member to the Benefactor’s team almost died. But worse, the whole mission was now in jeopardy due to me no thinking clearly after we left.
 “You’re team was sloppy; there’s no excuse for that. You need to focus on the big picture and surviving instead of what’s in the past. You’re just lucky one of our men on the inside tipped off the Benefactor this morning. I suggest you get your team ready. We’re leaving as soon as our escort gets here.”
“Escort?”
“Yes, thanks to you breaking protocol last night, we have to deal with road blocks. It’ll be a miracle if we can get your team and the hostages out without alerting the police.”
As I ran down the hall to get the others, there was a light rapping on the front door in what appeared to be a code. I watched Agent Fields open the door; revealing a red headed man in a suit with his coat hung over his arms and his sleeves rolled up.
“We’ll be ready in five minutes,” Agent Fields said as he greeted the man.
“Good. I overheard them saying the roadblocks were getting put up as we speak. We don’t have many options to choose from.”
I returned moments later with the group, our duffle bags, and the hostages. The kids were in tears; crying for Sue to bring them home. I knew they wanted their parents to tell them everything was okay and that they were safe now, but their parents were dead and we were to blame.
Agent Fields hurried to rip the bags from my hands; replacing them with a small cell phone.
There was only one person he could possibly want me to talk to. “Hello,” I answered while putting the speaker to my ear.
“Oh so you do know how to use a phone,” the Benefactor replied coldly. He had every right to be pissed. After all, we could have just blown our cover and put everyone in danger; including him. “Start explaining.”
“There was a complication at the end of the mission. Two targets nearly escaped. Mike eliminated the wife while the husband attacked and tried to use my gun against me.”
“Were you hurt?”
“No sir, Mike intervened and eliminated the target before he was able to pull the trigger.”
“Consider yourself lucky Mr. Santangelo was there to save you. But if you desire to keep your team out of jail, I suggest you contact me after every mission.”
“Yes sir.”
“Your next mission has already been uploaded to your computer. I recommend you reading it on the way to your next destination.”
“Yes sir,” I replied as I hung up. I could feel a pair of eyes burning a hole right through me. I turned to see Lilly staring intensely at me with her eyes welling up with tears. “I know I should have told you but…”
“You’ll have time to talk later,” Agent Fields said as he handed us a pair of black long sleeve shirts and masks. “Put those on. We need to get this video made before we hit the road.”
 “Let’s make this fast,” the red headed agent said.  “We don’t have much time.”

Chapter 55
The truck drove in silence, but I could hear every word in Lilly’s head. Her eyes were staring daggers through the back of my headrest. I didn’t know what was worse; waiting for her to unload on me or the quiet bumpy ride from Texas to California in an old truck.
Agent Fields slowed down to pull onto the exit ramp. “We’re almost there. I suggest you check the computer for your mission.”
I reached back and felt the laptop back forcefully placed in my hand. I didn’t want to start a fight in the truck. I held my tongue and opened the laptop to set up the secured network. Within minutes I found an email from the Benefactor with an attachment.
The file contained pictures of a tall man in his thirties with short dark brown hair. He stood in front of a large white house with a red door alongside a woman with brown curly hair and a young boy. The second file was a note from the Benefactor.
Andrew, the attachments in this email contains all the information you need to complete your next mission. The man in the photo is Tino Arcana; a producer for NBC studios in Burbank. Your mission is to convince him to play the Revolution video by any means necessary, but not until you call giving him the authorization. Call me when it’s done for your next mission.
“Care to tell us what’s in the file, or do you want to keep that info from us as well,” Lilly said sarcastically.
“It’s info on the man we need to meet with about the video.”
Lilly refused to look at me directly. Instead, she stared out the window at the starry night sky. There wasn’t much to look at other than the traffic surrounding us. It was the perfect cover as we entered the rear entrance to a large hotel.
The black SUV pulled to the back of the hotel; escorting us to the rear stairwell entrance.
“Wait here,” Agent Fields commanded as he exited the truck and met with the red headed agent. They pulled the children from the van. The older kids kicked and swung at Agent Fields as Sue the maid tried restraining them.
“Where are we,” Lilly asked.
“Burbank, but we won’t be here for long.”
“Why do you think they had us make that video,” Mike asked.
“I don’t know, but he has something up his sleeve.”
Agent Fields returned without the other agent.  “Let’s go.”  He took us through the back door and up the rear stairwell.  “Only use this area to go in and out of the building.  The cameras in this area are broken.  The rest of the building is under video surveillance.  I suggest you don’t go wandering around.”
We exited onto the fourth floor; finding the red headed agent leaving one of the rooms. 
Agent Fields handed us keys 432 and 433. “Sue and the kids are settled in. They know we’re coming back for them in a few days. She agreed to cooperate, but I still suggest someone staying with them at all times.”
“Sure thing,” I replied as I grabbed the two keys.
Agent Fields nodded to the red headed man to follow; leaving us alone for the first time since our attack on the Mason house.
Mike ripped the key to room 433 out of my hand. “I’ll take first watch. He smiled; knowing this would force me to spend time with Lilly which would lead to her demanding answers.
“No, I need you for tomorrow,” I replied.
“For what?”
“I have to find a way to meet with the guy in the file. I’ll need you to watch my back while I find a way into NBC studios.”
“That’s too dangerous,” Lilly shouted. Mike and I both covered her mouth with our hands; muffling her voice.
“Are you trying to get us caught or killed,” Mike asked. “Why don’t you just announce there are three killers and a room full of hostages running around on the fourth floor?”
“Sorry,” she whispered. “I just don’t think it’s a good idea for you two to go into the studio; looking for some guy the Benefactor wants you to see.”
“Why not?”
“Did you ever stop to think this is a setup? The place has gotta be crawling with security and tons of cameras. You’re bound to be seen by someone and then it’s just a matter of time before the cops get there.”
“That’s why I’m taking Mike with me. He’ll monitor everything from the truck. If the police get called in, he can let me know so I can find a way out.”
“I can do that,” Lilly placed her hands on her hips as if she had final say and was about to say and that’s final.
“No, you can’t,” I replied. “If something went wrong, you would try to break in to get me out. I can’t go in there knowing I put you directly in harm’s way again.”
I could see the anger building up inside, but also see she knew I was telling the truth. She was scared when she was in the Mason house alone and did not want to be put in that position again.
Lilly walked up to Mike; putting her finger in his chest and pressed firmly. “If anything happens to him, you will have to answer to me.”
Mike held up his hands in surrender. “Fine, whatever you say,” he smirked as he backed towards the hotel room door. “I’m just gonna hang out in here tonight.” Mike used the key and entered room 433; smiling as he closed the door.

Chapter 56
This was it; the uncomfortable moment where Lilly and I were left alone to face what happened in Texas. I could feel the heat radiating from her eyes as she stared me down in the middle of the deserted hallway. It was almost like we were having a showdown at the OK Corral; waiting for the other to make the first move.
“We should get inside before someone sees us,” I suggested while using the key to unlock room 432. 
The room looked like a mini apartment. The plush beige carpet led the way towards the private kitchen; stocked with a fridge, microwave and sink. The King sized bed sat near the window with blackout drapes and across from a thirty-two inch TV.
Lilly slammed the door shut. I was on edge and jumped at the loud noise. I turned to see Lilly with her arms folded; tapping her foot repeatedly on the carpet.
“Start talking,” she commanded.
 “What do you want me to say?”
“Tell me something. I’ve been silently screaming inside my head for the last few hours. I wanted to freak out every time someone mentioned last night, the Masons, the Benefactor or even the next mission.”
“Everything is fine,” I lied. The truth was I was scared. We were more than just a blip on the radar of a local police department or federal agency. The President wanted us brought in dead or alive for killing his family. If we were caught, we were as good as dead.
“How can you say that? You almost died last night. We almost lost you. I almost lost you.”
“It’s not like we were reckless.” I explained what happened to Lilly; giving her every detail from the moment we stepped foot on that second floor landing to the second I realized Mike shot the final Mason. 
Lilly paced around the room; processing everything I said. “I know it wasn’t a careless mistake, but that’s what worries me. Every time we do these missions our lives are at stake. One miss step could be our death or arrest.” Lilly stopped pacing and looked at me with her big brown eyes. “We need to end this. It’s getting too dangerous.”
“It’s impossible; there’s no way out. We’re in too deep.”
“Yeah, but we’re just kids. We’re not trained for this stuff.”
“I’m open to any ideas on how to get out.”
I knew there was only one possible way out, but it was risky and needed to find the right people to help us. I rehashed everything Mike found in the secret room. We didn’t get to go through every file, but it was enough to show the connection the Mason family had to possible terrorist activities.
“Where’s the proof,” Lilly asked.
“The hard copies are still at the Mason house in the room, but Mike took pictures of everything he found. We can download them onto the computer later.”
“That’s great,” Lilly said as she flung her arms around me and planting a kiss on my cheek. “This could be our ticket out of this mess. We could take these in along with everything the Benefactor sent us and go to the police with it.”
I was skeptical about her plan, but considered doing what was needed to resign from being some hired hitman.
“I’ll look into it.”
“Fine, but I still want to go tomorrow.”
“No, you need to stay with the kids. Mike can handle being the lookout.” I could feel her arms loosen from around my neck and the joy in her eyes was quickly replaced with sadness. “We’ll be fine; I promise.” I placed my arms around her waist; pulling her in closer so there was barely any space between us. “I love you.”
Lilly grabbed the back of my head gently and pressed her lips firmly on mine. It was intense and passionate. My lips were on fire, but lasted only a few seconds until Lilly pulled away.
“Why don’t you hit the lights,” Lilly suggested.
I moved to hit the switch, but Lilly had other ideas. Her hands traced my chest before shoving me against the wall forcefully; smothering my lips before I could respond.
“Wait, hold that thought for one second,” I said.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” I replied while grabbing the do not disturb sign and placed it on the handle outside the room. I pushed the latch over; locking the door. “Now where were we?”
  Lilly seductively walked towards me; grabbing my hand and leading me to the bed. As we moved closer, everything from the last few weeks seemed to vanish. There weren’t any hostages, no Benefactor, no missions or manhunt. There was only Lilly and me. We were the only two that mattered. It felt like we were the only people left in the world.
Lilly stood next to the bed; pulling my shirt up over my head and slowly kissed my chest up to my neck. I closed my eyes; leaned in for another kiss, but fell face first onto the bed. Lilly giggled as she watched from the foot of the bed.
“Not nice,” I said.
“Then let me make it up to you.”
Lilly removed her wrinkled purple t-shirt; throwing it to the floor as she knelt on the bed and covered my body with hers. I could feel her silky smooth skin rub against mine. My hand slid from her back up to her neck; holding her closer as my lips explored her body.
We pushed our bodies towards the head board; slipping out of our jeans as we fumbled with the covers. My heart was racing with every kiss; every touch. I wanted this for so long.
Our bodies locked in a passionate embrace. Our hands were guides to the maps of our bodies. Lilly’s body flinched as I got on top, but she pulled me in closer. We had a perfect rhythm as Lilly’s legs wrapped around my waist. Each thrust was like pure ecstasy. I wanted more.
“Hold on,” she said while putting a hand on my chest. She uncrossed her feet and planted them on the bed; pushing me backwards.  She straddled me as I tried to sit up and forced me back down; banging my head on the frame. She cradled my head. “Oh baby, are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m okay.”
“Then let’s see if you like this?” She started to grind but kept rocking side to side. I wanted to take control again, but fell to the floor with a loud thud. Lilly landed on top of me; causing us to laugh.
“I meant to do that. It was a little more painful than I thought.”
Lilly pulled the blanket off the bed and covered us with it.  Her body collapsed onto mine; feeling her heart beating faster by the moment.
She pushed herself up enough to look me in the eyes. “I love you Hun.”

Chapter 57
It was the sound of the phone that woke me from my euphoric sleep.  My eyes opened to the sight of Lilly lying serenely in my arms.  I hugged her tighter and kissed her forehead.
“Hmm, now that’s the way to wake up after an amazing night,” she moaned as she stretched her long legs until her toes pointed just beneath my feet. 
“Unfortunately, someone’s a little eager to get our attention.”  I reached for my pants and pulled out my cell.  “Hey Mike, what’d you need?”
“Some sleep would be nice?  Everyone’s out cold and I need a power nap.”
“Give us a few minutes.”
Lilly looked at me in disbelief and rested her head on my chest.  “I don’t want to get up.”
“Hey by all means, you could stay just like this.  I think Mike would love the view.” 
She playfully smacked me in the face with a giggle before giving me another sensual kiss.  “Fine, let’s get up.” 
As we reached our feet, I could see the disaster that became our room.  The blood orange blanket covered the floor where we slept.  Pillows were scattered, the white sheets were in a ball at the foot of the bed, and picture frames tilted to sides.
“Do you think he’ll notice?”
“Just a little,” I replied.
It took us several minutes to rearrange the room; making it look like nothing happened. We clasped our hands together and walked across the hall. 
Mike opened the door the moment my hand raised to knock. His eyes were bloodshot and his short hair was standing on end.  “It’s about time you guys got here.  What took so long?”
Lilly stared at me and smiled.  “Sorry we uh just didn’t want to get up yet.” She squeezed my hand tightly as I returned her smile. 
Mike yawned and watched us curiously.  “What was that?”  Lilly quickly grabbed the key from him and entered the room.  
“What was what,” I said innocently.  I opened the door for him to re-enter our room.
“I know that look.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Okay, play it that way.  But seriously, can you guys not let the entire hotel how much you two love each other.”  He patted me on the back and looked around the room.  “Good job by the way.”
Part of me wanted to be embarrassed, but it didn’t bother me.  I laughed along with him and decided it was best to change the subject.  “How long did you want to rest for?”
“I’m not sleeping here.  After what happened last night, I don’t know what’s sterile.  Let’s go to the truck.  You’re driving while I sleep.”

Chapter 58
The glowing screen from the laptop sat open on Mike’s lap as we drove to the address listed in the file.
“So, who is this Arcana guy,” Mike asked as he scrolled through the documents.
He’s an executive producer and station manager for NBC. According to his file, he’s been manager there for about three years and in the industry for the last fifteen.” We pulled up in front of a large bright white house. “I think this is it.”
We waited patiently for Arcana to make his exit. I couldn’t risk confronting him at home. He would have to answer questions from his family and we would have to worry about neighbors seeing us walk inside his house.
Mike closed the laptop and placed it back in the bag. “So, how was it last night?”
“How was what?”
“What do you think?” I shrugged my shoulders and stared at Mike; pretending not to understand what he was saying. “Do you really want me to say it or should I repeat the horrific sounds from last night?”
My cheeks felt like they were on fire as they turned redder than a stop sign. “We’re not having this conversation.”
“Why not?”
“It’s just…it’s not a good idea.”
Mike stopped smiling and sat straight up in the passenger seat of the truck. “You mean us talking about it or you two being together?”
I turned my head away. “I don’t know; maybe a little of both.”
“But I thought you were madly in love with each other.” Mike made a goofy face with his tongue hanging out and trying to make circles with his eyes when he said madly in love.
“I do love her, but we’re up to our necks in this mess and I don’t want her getting hurt.”
“You mean you don’t want her to watch you get hurt.”
“Yeah, that too. I can’t worry about her wanting to be a part of every mission. I’d be looking over my shoulder every few seconds to make sure she’s okay. And after the other night…”
“I know, it was a close one. But you’re both safe now.”
“Yeah for now. But what happens next time? You might not be there to save us. I can’t put her in that kind of danger.”
“There’s nothing you can do about it.”
“If I can find a way, I will get her out of this before the shit hits the fan.”
“How about finding a way out for all of us? Then you two can go live happily ever after someplace where you won’t make me sick.”
I couldn’t help but laugh along, but saw the red front door open across the street. There he was, the man the Benefactor wanted me to find. He was tall; maybe around six feet tall with short brown hair. He was wearing a neatly pressed navy blue suit as he exited the house. He bent down; kissed his wife who was a head shorter than he was and patted his son on the head before walking to the car.
“That’s the kind of life I want one day. I want a wife and kids waiting for me to get home from work and spend the night with them.”
Mike clapped his hand on my shoulder. “You will one day. You’ll have Lilly to come home to.”
“Not by waiting around here I won’t. Let’s go.” I truck made a loud clunking noise as the engine started; making me wonder how much longer it would continue to run and followed Tino Arcana in his black convertible.
“What’s the plan,” Mike asked.
“I’ll find a way into the studio to talk to Arcana. You’re staying here and playing lookout.”
“You were serious about that? Are you nuts? You can’t go in there by yourself. You’ll get caught.”
“That’s why you’re staying put. If any police show up, you call me so I can find a way out.”
“You need a better plan.”
“Well it’s the only one we have. You got any better ideas?”
Mike stared at the stoplight; trying to think of any way to prevent me from going in by myself, but couldn’t.
“You know she’s going to kill both of us for this.”

Chapter 59
I stood in front of a large grey and white building with a multicolored logo sitting on top of the roof. I didn’t have a plan. I didn’t even know how to find Arcana without getting caught. But staring at the large glass doors wasn’t the answer.
My hand shook as it reached for the handle as a group of people entered the building. It was perfect camouflage; concealing me as we walked past the guards and the first set of video cameras. I followed them as the continued down the hall to purchase studio tour passes.
I didn’t know how extensive the tour would be or even if I would have the chance to make a break for the executive offices. But I knew the risk. This was a suicide mission. I just couldn’t figure out why the Benefactor wanted to risk everything on one meeting.
“Excuse me,” a deep male voice said from behind. A large hand slapped my shoulder; nearly buckling my knees. “I need you to come with me.”
I turned to find a tall heavyset black man with glasses. He towered over me to where I could barely see the gold plated name badge.
“I’m sorry. Did I do something wrong?”
His mouth curved into a smile; displaying his yellowing teeth and stale cigarette breath. “We both know who you are and why you’re here. I suggest you come quietly with me and don’t cause a scene.”
I stood on tip toes; craning my neck to read his name tag which the bright sun made harder to read. “Okay Wendell, I don’t know who you think I am, but I think you have me confused with someone else. I’m just here for the tour.”
He leaned in close. His warm stale breath made my skin crawl as he whispered in my ear. “There’s no mistake. I know who you are Phoenix. But if you want to keep playing games, I won’t take you to see Mr. Arcana.”
My eyes widened in panic. I didn’t know if I should be relieved and thankful for the help, or worried there were others that knew we were in town.
“What do you need me to do?”
“Just follow me.” Wendell pulled me away from the crowd and escorted me to the elevator. He chuckled while it climbed to the fifth floor.
“What’s so funny?”
“You thought you could get up here from the studio tour.  It’s a good thing the Benefactor called me.”  
A sense of relief swept over me when Wendell told me he was paid off by the Benefactor to help me. But I knew Wendell could turn me into the police at any moment. I had to trust that he would keep his word.
As the doors opened, I saw a large half circle desk sitting in front of cloudy glass doors. We stopped at the desk where a young brunette in her mid-twenties sat with her hair tied back in a ponytail; wearing a bright pink blouse.
“Morning Sharon,” Wendell said.
“Hi Wendell. Who’s your friend?” Her voice was soft and sweet, but I couldn’t help noticing her eyes were fixated on me.
“This is uh my cousin.” Sharon looked at us quickly.  “His mother had him before marrying into the family.” She nodded and continued to look me over. “Is Mr. Arcana in?”
“Yeah, go right on in.”
He whispered to me, “Stay right here.  I’ll be back for you.”  Wendell quickly walked away; leaving me to deal with the secretary.  She seductively started biting her nails.
“Hello,” I said in a friendly manner.
“Hello yourself,” she winked.  “Do you live around here?”
“Sorry, no.  I’m just in town visiting for the next few days.”
“That’s a shame.  I would have shown you the city and some other fun things too.” Sharon raised her eyebrows while tracing seductively running the tip of her tongue over her upper lip.
I was feeling like I was her prey; ready to be pounced on. I stepped back on my heel; ready to bolt for the door and was relieved when Wendell opened the office door.
“Sorry, I’ll have to take a rain check,” I shouted as I hurried towards the open door; meeting Wendell with sweat running down my face. “Couldn’t have come at a better time.”

Chapter 60
The door closed behind me as I entered the office; trapping me between the man I stalked this morning and the man claiming to be hired to help me. Wendell did what he was paid to do. He brought me to Arcana, but my mind wondered what was said in private.
Tino Arcana smiled from behind his glass desk while sitting back in his big leather chair. 
“Please have a seat,” Arcana said warmly as he gestured to the cozy chair in front of him. “Wendell told me who you are and why you’re here.”
My heart pounded faster; feeling like it was about to burst out of my chest. I wanted to flee, but knew that wasn’t an option. I pulled the chair out and sat down; trying to remain calm.
I turned my head to Wendell; staring at him suspiciously. “Oh yeah, what did my cousin tell you?”
“For starters, he said you wanted a more extensive tour of the building; saying you were interested in a career in production.”
My head shot back towards Arcana. “I’m sorry.”
Arcana’s eyes flashed between from Wendell to me. “You mean you’re not here for a job?”
I sat up straight in the chair; propping myself to be eye level with Arcana. “Oh I’m here for a job; just not one you’re offering.”
Arcana stood up from his chair; placing his hands on his desk as he hovered over me. “Apparently there’s some confusion here. Who are you and what are you doing here?”
I jumped to my feet; edging Arcana back towards his chair. I nodded to Wendell. “I think I can handle things from here.”
“Are you sure,” Wendell asked.
“Just give us a few minutes alone. I’m sure we can straighten everything out on our own.”
Wendell clenched his fists and stormed out of the room; slamming the door behind him nearly breaking the glass.
“You have two minutes before I call the police.”
“Then I guess I should start by introducing myself. My name is Andrew Lancaster.” I watched Arcana reach for the phone. “Please, hear me out before making that call.”
Arcana’s instinct was to call anyway. After all, he had a suspected serial killer in his office. But he was curious and wanted to know why I was there.
Arcana pulled his chair closer and slowly sat back down. “Go on then; make it quick. What do you want?”
“As you know I’ve been accused of murdering Kenneth and Mona Lancaster. There is also speculation that I am connected to the group known as the Revolution and accused of being the Phoenix.”
“And?”
“And I am. But there’s a lot more to the story; one I’m willing to give exclusively to your network.”
“And why would we want to run your story?”
“Because of our group’s mission. We have been chosen to rid the world of those that are truly evil.”
“Every serial killer thinks they’re doing good by eliminating those they consider evil. How are you any different?”
“Simple, because we were hired by the U.S. government to carry out these assassinations.”
Arcana stumbled forward in his chair; wondering how much of what I said was true.
“Oh really; who contacted you and your group?”
I began pacing the room. “We don’t know his real name. We only know him as the Benefactor.”
“The Benefactor?” Arcana’s jaw dropped at the name. His eyes darted around the room as he began tapping his foot.
“You know him?”
“I knew someone who hid behind that name, but that was a long time ago. He was my brother Mica’s business partner. They were investors that put their money in startup companies and businesses that were in need of a makeover.”
“What happened to them?”
“The Benefactor set up a shady business deal that sent my brother and several employees to jail.” Arcana turned towards the window; staring into the beautiful sunny California sky. “Tell me, did he send you here or did you find me on your own?”
“He sent us; even found a way to pay off a member of your security guards to bring me up here.”
“Us; so you’re all in town?” Arcana waited for my response but accepted my nod as his answer. “Take my advice. Do not trust the Benefactor. If it’s the man I think it is, he’ll betray you the minute you’re of no use to him.”
“At this point, we don’t have any other choices.”
Arcana spun away from the window; smiling as if he was struck with a brilliant idea. “What if I can give you one?”
“What can you do?”
“I have an idea, but I need everything he sent you.”
“I’m sorry; I can’t run that kind of risk; not for anything less than a guaranteed way out without jail time.”
“Then tell me; why are you here telling me all of this?”
I stopped to think about my actions from the moment I walked through that office door. I wanted a way out and Arcana was trying to offer us one. But how trustworthy was he?
“We just need you to play this when I call the station.” I slid the disc across his disc and started towards the door.
“You need to listen to me. You can’t trust him.”
“And I can trust you?”
“You obviously trusted me enough to tell me your story. You trust me not to call the police the minute you leave my office. So trust me to find a way to get your group out of this mess. I just need a few days to figure out how.”
“How?”
“We can go to the police or the Feds with everything the Benefactor gave you. It’ll be proof you were coerced into doing this.”
“You don’t understand. He has Federal Agents working for him. We can’t trust any of them.” I walked back to the desk and picked up a picture frame. “You and your family seem nice and happy.”
“Have you been following us?”
“He made me. He’s made us do a lot that we didn’t want to do. I don’t want to think about what he’ll make us do if that video doesn’t play on time.” I put the picture frame back and picked up the disc from the desk; handing it to Arcana. “I’ll be in touch.”
He watched me walk back to the office door. “What about my offer?”
“I’ll consider it.”

Chapter 61
The old clunker of a truck sped away from the NBC building; not knowing if we could trust Arcana. For all we knew, he fed me a bunch of lies so I would stick around as he called the police.
“How’d it go,” Mike asked.  
I wanted to shield Mike from the truth, but my gut told me to tell him the truth. “I told him everything.”
Mike shot upright in his chair with a look of bewilderment on his face. “You did what?”
“I had no choice,” I lied. Tino Arcana seemed like a man that could tell if someone was bull shitting him. I knew if we tried that tactic, he would never have agreed to help us. I explained to Mike that coming clean with him was the only chance of getting it played on air.
Mike shook his head disapprovingly.  “You should have consulted me; should have talked it over with both of us.”
“I know, but it might be what we needed.”
Mike scrunched up his face; wondering what tricks I had up my sleeve. “What did he say when you told him?”
And so I began telling Mike everything Tino Arcana revealed to me in his office; from knowing the Benefactor to how he was responsible for Arcana’s brother going to jail right down to his offer to help us.
“What are you gonna do?”
“I haven’t decided. I need more time to figure this out.”
As we pulled back into the back of the hotel, my cell rang from the center console. I knew who it was before his cold calculating voice could utter a word.
“Hello Mr. Lancaster. Were you able to convince Mr. Arcana to play the video?
It felt like there was a ball lodged in my throat; choking out my response to the Benefactor. “He knows to wait for my call.”
“Excellent. How did you convince him?”
“I mentioned his family; saying if he didn’t cooperate they could be in serious danger.”
There was a slight chuckle from the Benefactor; a sound I had yet to hear from him. “A very nice strategy; there’s hope for you yet.”
“But there’s one thing still bothering me. How do you know Tino Arcana? I mean you had to have known him or you wouldn’t have sent us there in the first place; right?”
The Benefactor let out a deep sigh over the phone. “Tino Arcana and I have a very complicated past; one that I don’t particularly want to discuss at the moment.”
“Tell me,” I shouted into the phone. “I need to know who I’m dealing with.”
I could tell I crossed the line as his voice grew with anger while trying to restrain himself to a whisper. “You seem to have your role confused. My past is not one you get to question.”
This was it; the line in the sand. If I backed down, he would continue to walk all over us; using us like little puppets. But if I stood up to him, we might get some answers we were looking for.
“I beg to differ,” I snapped back. “We’re sticking our necks on the line; completing missions for you; trusting you blindly without ever knowing your real name. The least you can do is tell me why you chose Tino Arcana and what your connection is to him.”
I sat back; listening to the silence on the phone; wondering if the Benefactor was about to send his men to arrest us or worse.
“Fine,” he said as if he were a child forced to do what his parents commanded him to do. “His brother was a former business partner and colleague of mine. Our business had a lucrative business proposal sitting before us; one that stood to make us a lot of money, but something was off about it. I tried to look into it and vetoed the idea to invest, but the other partners out voted me. I decided to let them buy me out of the company and went my separate way. They invested in the company which turned out to be a scam and were caught in the middle of a money laundering business. They were thrown in prison for years; including Tino’s brother Mica.”
The Benefactor’s story was compelling; even gave me more information than Arcana did. “So he’s just bitter that you got out while his brother went to jail?”
“Yes, and now you need to listen to me. If he contacts you, do not believe anything he says. If he knows my involvement in this, he will find a way to hurt us any way he can.”
I entered the rear stairwell not knowing who to believe. Part of me regretted telling Arcana who I was and who we were working for, but some part of me wanted to believe him.
“What do you want us to do now,” I asked.
“Your next mission will be in Vegas for a little demolition work. In the meantime, my men will take the hostages into their custody.”
“We can’t do demolition. None of us have any experience with that.”
“This next part is crucial to the missions. There are two casinos that we need eliminated along with their owners.”
“Why can’t your men do it? I’m sure they have more experience with explosives and that sort of thing.”
“You are my men,” the Benefactor said with a hint of annoyance in his voice. “Our agents can only do so much without causing suspicion.”
“Then I want an out.”
“You should know by now I cannot allow that.”
“Not for me; for Lilly. I don’t want her to be part of this.”
“It’s not that simple.”
“Yes it is. She hasn’t killed anyone and can just say she was on vacation all this time.”
The Benefactor cleared his voice; lessening the bass in his tone; sounding more worried than argumentative. “No, I mean it’s impossible; there’s too much at stake and you need as many people possible for the next few missions.”
I knew he was right. Our next mission was to take down two casinos. There was no way we could do that with only two people, but I couldn’t let Lilly risk her life any more than she already had.
“What if we recruited more people for the group?”
“I’m listening.”
I knew of a few friends that lived in Reno for a while and moved closer to Las Vegas a few years ago.
“I know a couple of guys that specialize in security and hired guards; they might be able to help.”
There was a long pause as the Benefactor thought over my idea. “Okay, give me the names of your friends so I can check into them. If they pass, you can recruit them and I’ll let Lilly go free,”
I had to contain my excitement as we reached the fourth floor. I wanted to jump up and down; shout out loud how happy I was to know Lilly would be safe.
“But if she goes free, Lilly will have to leave the country and you will most likely never see each other again.”
And just like that, my happiness was cast aside. It felt like the wind was knocked out of me; knowing if Lilly left I would never see her again.
“Why not,” were the only words I could say as Mike threw the stairwell door open.
“If she goes home, she would be under scrutiny and would be a target for officers and other Federal Agents as a way of drawing you out. Once she’s out of the country, she will be safe as long as no one knows her ties to you and your buddy Mr. Santangelo.”
We entered the hallway and found Agent Fields and the red headed man standing outside the hotel room doors.
“Why are your men here?”
“They’re here to help you out of town. I suggest you get a move on; just in case Arcana decided to call the cops.”
He hung up the phone as Agent Fields noticed us coming down the hall. Mike started laughing.
“What’s so funny,” I asked.
“Lilly’s gonna kill you,” Mike joked.
“Maybe, but I have a backup plan just in case.”
Mike yanked my arm; pulling me back to face him. “What are you planning?”
I shook him off, pulled out my cell and snapped two pictures of the agents moving our bags into the hall.
Agent Fields handed Mike a duffle bag. “Hurry up; we’re leaving in ten with or without you.” He threw a new set of keys to Mike as they dragged the bags into the hall.
I leaned in to Mike. “Go on with Lilly, I’ll meet you downstairs in a couple of minutes.”
I waited until I was clear before putting in a call to one of my friends. “Hey Joe, it’s Andrew. I’m going to be in town tomorrow and have a business proposition for you and Erik.”
The phone was silent; letting me wonder what he would say if I told him about the missions. I knew it was dangerous for us, but it was something right up his alley.
“Meet me at Roxy’s Diner at two.”
“Where’s that,” I asked while texting the Benefactor both names for his approval.
“Do I look like a personal GPS? Figure it out yourself.”
Lilly appeared with her hands full of bags. “What was that about?”
“We’re recruiting more members.”
“You sure that’s a good idea?”
“We’ll soon see.”

Chapter 62
Tino Arcana sat in his office staring at the newspaper. The front page showed a large two floor ranch house with the headline 10 Dead, 6 Missing in Texas. The article briefly talked about the neighbor stumbling across the gruesome scene during his morning run and how all ten victims were related to the President of the United States. It continued by saying there were five children unaccounted for along with the maid and are believed to be held hostage by the group known as the Revolution.
Arcana slammed the paper on the glass desk and retrieved the disc from a drawer; opening the case and watched the video on his computer. There were three people dressed in black along with six others with black hoods thrown over their heads. Arcana was repulsed at the sight and turned the video off within seconds. He grabbed the case; finding a small piece of paper on his desk.
“Did the Phoenix leave this,” Arcana asked himself as he opened the folded up paper and saw a phone number written on it. He wondered if it was a test from the Benefactor or Andrew reaching out for help. After all, it could have been a way for Arcana to contact Andrew and his group.
Arcana looked at the paper again; finding a number listed at the bottom of the article for anyone to call with information in regards to the Phoenix or the Revolution.
“Is there anyone not on his payroll,” Arcana asked himself as he searched the article for the agent in charge of the investigation. He found Agent Peterson’s name embedded in the article and searched for him on the internet.
After several minutes, Arcana grabbed the phone and dialed the number at the bottom of the newspaper.
A woman with a thick southern accent answered. “Thank yall for calling the tips hotline. How can I help you?”
“I need to speak with the agent in charge of the Revolution investigation. I believe his name is Agent Peterson.”
“I’m sorry sir. Agent Peterson is unavailable right now. I can take a message though.”
Arcana couldn’t trust anyone else to handle the info; especially a woman worked a phone line. “Tell Peterson it’s important and will only talk to him.”
“Like I said, he’s just not available.”
“Then tell him he’s about to lose his chance to talk to someone who was just visited by the Phoenix.”
There was an uncomfortable silence on the other end. “Just hold on one moment please.”
There was a click followed by moments of static before another loud click. A man’s voice replaced the phone line operator.
“This is Agent Peterson. Who am I talking to?”
“My name is Tino Arcana. I’m a producer and station manager here at the NBC studios in California.”
“Okay Mr. Arcana, I was told you have important information regarding the Revolution.”
“Yes, but I need you to come to my office immediately.
“Why?”
“The information I have is confidential. We can’t trust anyone with it; not even anyone on your team.”
“You have my attention.”
“The man known as the Phoenix stopped by my office and happened to tell me his story.”
“How do you know it was him?”
“For starters, he told me his name was Andrew Lancaster.  Apparently there’s a lot more going on here than you know.”
“Like what?”
“Like who’s really pulling their strings.”
Peterson was itching to hear more; wondering what Lancaster told Arcana about who was behind it all. “When did he leave?”
“Yesterday.”
“And you waited till now to call?” Peterson’s voice grew impatient and frantic; knowing the chance to catch up to the Revolution was slipping through his fingers again.
“I needed to find someone I could trust. According to him, there’s been a few Federal Agents helping them escape. I didn’t even know if he was telling me the truth until I saw the video he left me.”
“What video? What was on it?”
“They were on camera with the missing woman and kids from Texas. They started talking about their mission, but I turned it off and called you.”
“I’ll be there in a couple of hours.  Did they leave anything else behind?”
“A phone number; it was left in the case.”
“Give it to me. I’ll have my people run it.”
“Watch who you trust.” Arcana hung up the phone; knowing he betrayed the Phoenix, but knew this was the first step in taking down the Benefactor.  

Chapter 63
I could feel Lilly burning a hole through my headrest. She knew there was more to the story than needing a few new recruits. I had already kept vital information from her.
“Where are we,” she finally asked; breaking the uncomfortable silence.
“Just outside of Vegas,” Mike replied while keeping his eyes focused on the road. He knew why I wanted to meet with Erik and Joe, but knew to keep his feelings quiet; realizing it would cause Lilly to ask more questions that I wasn’t ready to answer.
“How far away are we?”
“Check the laptop,” Mike replied.
Lilly turned on the screen; keeping an eye on me as I exchanged worried glances with Mike. Her eyes darted between us; knowing we were hiding something. Before she could search for Roxy’s Diner, an email popped up on the screen.
“Hey guys, there’s something you should see.  It’s a message from the Benefactor.”
Team, Las Vegas is known for many things but mostly known for gambling. Thanks to the Intel you uncovered in Texas, we have found two casinos that have ties to the Mason family and Reaper. According to the info we obtained, the Masons used the Reece and the Roosevelt Casinos to launder money and funded the Reaper’s heinous crimes. These casinos have ruined their patrons’ lives by costing them their life savings, homes, marriages, and in some case their lives.  
Your mission will be to demolish those casinos and eliminate their owners. I have ordered your video to air in two hours. I suggest you notify our friend Mr. Arcana to play it at that time. Good luck; call me when the deal is done.
The Benefactor
“Why did he say to call him when the deal is done?”
I knew it; the question I’ve been dreading this entire trip was on the tip of her tongue. The same question she wanted to ask the entire time, but was afraid to hear the answer.
“What deal is he talking about, and what are you hiding?”
“I haven’t felt right since Texas. The missions are getting too dangerous and felt very uneasy after meeting Arcana.” I told her about the meeting with Arcana and how he had a storied past with the Benefactor. “Things are just getting too complicated; so I arranged a deal with the Benefactor to get you out of the country. In return, I had to recruit Joe and Erik.”
Lilly pushed herself towards the front seat; placing her arm around my neck; gently stroking my hair. “I’m glad we’ll have a few more people helping us.” Her soft happy features faded as she took a handful of hair; pulling my head back. “But if you think I’m going anywhere without you, then you got a big problem on your hands; because I’m not going anywhere.”
Lilly was being stubborn; something I liked about her, but the new forceful side of Lilly was more of a turn on. But this was not the time for it.
“It’s not safe for you anymore. I promised you a future and that’s what I’m giving you. You’ll be free to live your life and free from prosecution.”
“I don’t care. It wouldn’t mean anything to me unless I get to spend my life with you.”
“But we don’t know when or how this will end, and I refuse to put you in any more danger than I already have. It was selfish of me to involve you in all of this.”
“Well, you don’t get to make that call.”
Mike pulled the truck into the parking lot of Roxy’s; finding it nearly empty except for a few cars that belonged to the employees and a few customers. In the distance I could see a shiny black Hummer coming down the road. It was drawing closer; closer; close enough for me to realize the driver wasn’t going to stop until he barreled into us.
“Lookout,” I shouted.
The Hummer swerved before Mike could put the truck into drive; stopping inches from us with the driver’s side windows resting next to each other. The Hummer’s tinted windows slowly crept down; revealing a stocky Italian man with a crew cut.
“Wow, you guys scare easily,” Joe laughed. 
“What the hell are you trying to do; kill someone,” Mike shouted; remembering he just saw his life flash before his eyes.
“It’s what I do best. And my guess, that’s what you need our help with.”
I edged forward to see Joe. “How did you know?”
“Why else would you track us down? You know what we do, but if you want our help you better keep up or else you came here for nothing.” Joe rolled up his window and sped off; challenging Mike to follow him.
“Hold on guys,” Mike shouted as he slammed on the gas.
We shot forward in pursuit; weaving in and out of traffic as if we were in a high speed chase with the police. We needed to keep a low profile and this wasn’t the way to do it.
Mike’s foot barely touched the brake as our bodies flung from one side of the truck to the other; trying to keep up with Joe. He was quick to turn down a side street as we followed suit; smacking our bodies against the truck doors.
There were two more sharp turns before Mike slammed on the brake; pulling the truck to a screeching halt. “I guess we’re here.” He turned towards us; seeing the look of terror in our eyes as our hearts beat a mile a minute and our stomachs were left back at Roxy’s. 
The truck sat in front of a large brick wall with an open iron gate. Joe’s Hummer was parked on a large circular driveway just in front of the house.
“What are you waiting for?”
Mike pulled the truck through the iron gates as they closed. We stumbled out of the truck; not knowing if we wanted to kiss the ground or throw up on it.
“Come on, it wasn’t that bad.”
“Remember the time you drove us from Farmingdale to Uniondale in ten minutes; cracking ninety on the Southern State?”
“Yeah, that was a fun night.”
“This was much worse. Don’t ever do that again unless we have the cops on our ass.”
“Wuss,” Mike whispered loudly as he grabbed the bags from the truck to bring them inside.
We looked up from the truck and found Joe standing in front of a massive two story beige house with green roof; the kind of house that a celebrity might buy if they were just getting started in the industry.
“It’s about time you guys showed up,” Joe shouted from the front door. “This isn’t a sightseeing trip. Grab your shit and get inside.”
There were security cameras everywhere; focusing on the driveway and front door as steel shutters covered the windows and doors.
“What are those for,” Lilly asked.
“It’s our way of keeping our enemies out.” Joe unlocked the shutter over the door as it rose quickly and revealed a forest green door. “Wait till you check out the rest of the place.”
We entered; finding wood floors in every room, a nude colored carpet leading up a spiral staircase, and a large living room with a dark green couch, fireplace, and sixty inch flat screen TV.
“You went all out on this place,” I said while marveling at the luxurious house; knowing I could never afford anything close to it.
“We do well with our business,” Joe laughed. “Leave your bags on the floor by the door; you can take them to the room after we heard your pitch.” Joe checked the time on the grandfather clock in the hall. “Erik should be here in a bit. For now, have a seat on the couch and relax.”
I watched Mike and Lilly enter the living room, but I had something more important to take care of. I pulled Joe aside.
“Hey, do you happen to have a scanner I could use?”
“There’s a set of stairs in the living room that take you to a little nook; it’s our office area. You can do what you need to up there.”
“Thanks.”
“Just make sure your business deal is worth our time.”
“Oh it is.” I grabbed the laptop case and found the stairs hidden behind a wall in the living room. 
It had a charcoal metal banister with a piece of carpet on each step; matching the spiral staircase by the front door. The steps led to a small black metal desk overlooking the front of the house.
I setup the computer; connecting it to the scanner and copied all the documents the Benefactor sent us onto our computer. All the evidence against our targets; the mission briefings and directives were compiled into an email along with two pictures of agents from our hotel in Burbank.
Everything was ready to go. One push of a button would send everything the Benefactor was working towards into the hands of a man that hated him. But I couldn’t do it; not yet. I needed to make sure Lilly was out of the country before I made my move. No matter how this turned out, my main goal was to get her out of this mess safely.
There was a loud deafening buzz over my head; followed by Joe shouting from the living room. “Erick’s home; you better get your shit ready.”

Chapter 64
Our heads flashed to the driveway as a hot red Corvette sped through the iron gates; circling the driveway before coming to a halt next to the Hummer. The doors opened revealing a man around five six with short spiky hair and scruffy five o’clock shadow, He walked towards the house with a swagger; leaving his arm available for the long legged brunette in a cream colored dress and black stilettos to hold on to as they walked up the concrete path to the front doors.
“Glad to see you guys made it in one piece,” Erik said as he entered the house. He took my hand and ushered me back into the living room. “So let’s hear this big business proposal you have for us.”
I gave them the short version of how the government contacted us; blackmailing us into becoming hired assassins; killing corrupt politicians, greedy corporate leaders and others that were guilty of heinous crimes that found their way around the judicial system.
Their expressions never changed as if they knew something like this was bound to happen. They just found it funny that the quiet boy they used to pal around Long Island with was the figure head for the group known as the Revolution.
“We’ve come to a difficult point in our mission and could use your help.”
Joe sat down across from Erik on the couch. “We’ve seen your handy work all over the news; taking down the Governor of Florida; killing the Mason family and now you’re here for what?”
“We’ve been ordered to takedown and eliminate two casinos and need extra man power, a strategy, and some explosives.”
“Two casinos; that’s pretty ballsy of you. Which casinos?”
“The Reese and the Roosevelt.”
Erik and Joe huddled together; whispering something about our targets. “What are they guilty of?”
“They’ve been rigging their games; causing their customers to lose everything.”
“So, why should we care?”
“Because the casinos are laundering money for a terrorist organization; headed by a man called the Reaper.”
They shrugged their shoulders. “So what’s stopping us from turning you into the cops for the reward money?”
I could feel Lilly and Mike staring at us; ready to make a run for the door. They thought we were in trouble, but I knew better.
“For starters, you hate the police. You guys like chaos, mayhem and blowing shit up. I figured we would ask the best for help, but if you’re not interested…”
Erik held a finger; needing a minute as he huddled together with Joe as the woman paced behind them; her heels clicking the wooden floors with every step.
They wasted no time in giving us their answer. “Count us in.”
Erik’s female companion strutted to the other side of the couch; placing herself between Erik and Joe. “Count me in too.”
“And you would be,” Lilly asked aggressively.
We didn’t know who this woman was. To be honest, I thought she was just Erik’s arm candy, but there was something dangerous and mysterious about her. She sat with her arms folded and her foot gently tapping the floor; her eyes fixated on our group.
 “You can call me Natalya and I’m the one who started these two in this line of work.”
Erik put his arm around Natalya’s waist; giving her a little squeeze. “She’s one of the best.”
I didn’t know how good Natalya was or how useful she was going to be, but Erik and Joe trusted her; which meant we had to. “We can work out the details later, but I need to make a call first.”
I stepped away towards the office on the second floor and stared at the computer as I dialed Tino Arcana’s office. He picked up by the third ring.
“Hey it’s the Phoenix. I don’t have much time.”
“I hope you reconsidered my offer.”
“I’ve thought about it. I need that video on air in the next ten minutes or else the Benefactor will know something’s wrong.”
“What about our deal?”
“Just play the video. Once it airs, check your email.”
The tone in his voice became soft as if he were afraid to tell me what was on his mind. “I need to be upfront with you. I talked to Agent Peterson with the F.B.I.”
“I guess we know who we can trust.”
The bass in Arcana’s voice increased. “Hey, you showed up in my office with your story; telling me you wanted out of this mess. Well, how do you think we set that up? We need someone that can pull the strings to make deals for your group without the Benefactor knowing.”
“And how do you know he’s not on the Benefactor’s payroll?”
“Peterson has a long standing reputation for hunting down criminals; which was why he was chosen to go after your group. I expect him here in a half hour. That should give you enough time to get out of town.”
“What makes you think we’re still there? Time’s ticking Arcana; don’t disappoint us.”

Chapter 65
Everyone gathered on the couch; watching TV as the multicolored peacock symbol appeared on the screen. The logo disappeared; replaced by a man clean shaven man in his forties with dirty blond slicked back hair.
“We interrupt you scheduled programming with breaking news out of Burbank. We have word that the group known as the Revolution has dropped off a video at our studios and has demanded it be broadcasted immediately. We urge our viewers to watch with caution.”
The large screen faded to black and was replaced with the familiar setting of a cabin that we recognized as our safe house in Texas. The brown couch had five young children with black hoods over their faces sitting around a tall woman with black pants, white shirt and a black hood. The camera focused on the three individuals dressed from head to toe in black.
“Hello America. My name is the Phoenix; the man responsible for the erratic murders and cryptic messages you have been hearing about on the news.”
It was my voice echoing through the speakers on the TV, but it was distorted.
“First I’d like to say these were not random; they were chosen; chosen to be executed for their crimes they committed against the public.”
The large hooded man stepped forward; knowing it was Mike. “The people we disposed of were guilty of crimes against people, states, and even this country.”
“We are merely cleaning up our country; something the judicial system refuses to do.” They let Lilly’s voice be heard on the video without manipulating the sound. “The government and reporters will mislead you, but no innocent people will be hurt.”
“But mark my words,” the cloaked version of me said on screen. “We will track down those responsible for ruining our country and deliver justice to their front door.”
There it was. Our message was broadcasted to the country. I didn’t know how many people it would reach, or if the video aired online.
The anchor sat in stilled silence; thumbing for the words to describe what they just watched along with the rest of the country.
Joe looked up at the office; meeting my eyes instantly and smiled. “I’m guessing this is your doing.”
“Why? Did it peak your interest?”
“I’m strangely okay with it. But you weren’t joking about being in deep with this Benefactor guy.”
“It’s why we need your help.”
“What’s the plan?”
I walked down the stairs; wondering what would be our best course of action. “We need to split into two teams tonight to check out the casinos. We need to find a way to get to the owners and a way to demolish the casinos without causing excessive damage to bystanders or to other buildings.”
Natalya stood up from the couch; sashaying over to me. She put a hand on my chest and winked. “That won’t be a problem. I always find a way to get what I want.”
Lilly lunged forward but was held back by Mike as Joe snapped his fingers. “I know the perfect bomb for this. I can make an implosive bomb that should cave in the casinos instead of making it fall onto the streets.”
I pushed Natalya away. “Great, that should do the trick. I think we should get rooms at both casinos so we can get everything ready.”
Natalya had a satisfied look on her face. “Consider it done. I’ll pull a few strings to get us two rooms at each casino.” She walked away; pulling Lilly aside. “You don’t have to worry about me; just wanted to show some of my skills in persuasion.”
Lilly’s hands were balled into fists, but dropped them for the sake of the mission. “It’s fine; don’t worry about it.”
“Here, come with me.” Natalya directed Lilly up the spiral staircase. “We need to look devastatingly hot tonight.”
“Looks like we’re in for a couple of long nights,” Erik said as he stood up from the couch. “I suggest we all get some sleep.”

Chapter 66
I knew it was going to be a rough night, but there was more planning I needed to do before going to the casinos.
I hit the speed dial on my phone; hearing the Benefactor’s cool condescending voice. “Mr. Lancaster, this is a surprise.”
“I’m calling to confirm our deal. Joe and Erik are on board.”
“Excellent, I’ve arranged Lilly’s flight. She leaves in five days from JFK airport.”
“We’re going back to New York?”
“Yes which means you need to hurry this mission along and get back there immediately. If she misses her flight, there won’t be another opportunity for her to leave.”
I was heartbroken to hear I only had five days left with Lilly. I didn’t expect her to leave so early, but I knew it was for the best.
“Don’t worry, she’ll be on that flight.”
“Splendid, but I expect a call when your mission is complete.”
I hung up the phone and returned to the office upstairs; finding the laptop open with the email ready to send to Arcana.
A pair of cold hands touched my shoulders. “What did he say,” Lilly asked.
I hung my head low. “You leave in five days.” 
“That doesn’t give us a lot of time for the mission.”
“He said if you’re not on the flight, there won’t be another.”
“Then I guess I’m not going.”
“No, you need to get out of this.”
“I don’t want to go without you. Maybe there’s a way to sneak all of us out of the country.”
“He’ll know; he’ll find us. I have to see this till the end.  It’s the only way to keep you safe and everyone else out of jail.”
“Then end this quickly before something bad happens.”
It was exactly what had been on my mind the last few days. I didn’t want the rest of the group to know the deal with Arcana. The more they knew the greater risk everyone would be in.
“That’s just what I intend to do.”

Chapter 67
Arcana rushed back to his office after ordering the video to air across the country. He knew his job would be on the line if his bosses found out about his involvement, but it was the line of Federal Agents entering the fourth floor that worried him. He hid behind the smoked out windows of his office and tapped the DVD case the Phoenix gave him.
“Time to face the music.” Arcana stepped away from his desk, opened the door just enough to see several men in suits barging through the hall. “Shit they’re here already.” 
As Arcana slowly closed the door, a man shoved his hand through a door holding a badge and ID. “Mr. Arcana, wait,” the man shouted. “It’s Special Agent Peterson with the F.B.I.”
The door flung open; causing Agent Peterson to stumble into the office. Arcana quickly closed and locked it.
“Why did you bring all those agents with you?”
“They are my personal team. I’ve worked with all of these men for years. I trust them with my life.”

“Sorry if I’m not as trusting as you are.” Arcana sat behind his desk and found the email from the Phoenix waiting for him. “I think this is everything.” 
Peterson inched the computer closer. “Where’s the video?”
“It should be downstairs in the control room.”
“You shouldn’t have played it. This could compromise the entire investigation and should have you in handcuffs right now.”
“I had no choice. I told the Phoenix I’d help him break away from the man that’s pulling the strings of the Revolution.”
“And that would be?”
“The Benefactor.”
Peterson reached for a silver pair of handcuffs from his hip. “I need more information than that or I have to take you in.”
“Get rid of the agents outside first and I’ll tell you everything you need to know about the Benefactor.”
Peterson opened the door, called one of his agents over and told him to wait downstairs. “Now, let me see the rest of that email.”
They scanned through the documents; finding every mission briefing, every target and what each target was guilty of.
“What was that,” Arcana asked as they scrolled past two pictures from a hotel hallway. “These must be the agents that have been helping the group escape.”
Peterson stared at the photos. “This is impossible. I know these men. The blond one is Agent Fields. He recently took time off to take his family on vacation with his family. The red head is Agent Ruiz was part of the team that worked with us at the Mason house.”
“Well, they’re both on the Benefactor’s payroll.”
“I don’t know what you’re expecting in return.”
“Help me bring down the Benefactor and get the Phoenix and his group out of this mess. It’s obvious they were forced into this and we need to get them out safely before one of them gets hurt.”
“I don’t know what I can do for them.”
“For now, we just need to lay low. They’re the only ones that can get the info we need on the Benefactor to prove he was behind all of this. Is there any way you can drum up some plea deals for them?”
“I can try, but I can’t guarantee they won’t serve jail time.”
“That’ll have to do for now. We need them to trust us.”
“I’ll set up a meeting with the U.S. district attorney, but first I need to know everything about the Benefactor; including his real name.”
“Okay, but did you get a hit off that number I gave you?”
“Yeah, it belonged to a woman in Virginia.”
“I say we give her a call and see what she knows too.”

Chapter 68
The Vegas Strip was filled with passing cars, bright neon lights shining brightly promoting local casinos, hotels that are as big as the sky line and beautiful women wearing skimpy clothes as they work the streets.
Joe pulled up to the Reece Casino; letting Lilly exit. She looked incredible in her short black dress and heels; showing off her long tan legs.
“The target should be hitting the floor soon,” Joe said.
“Wait, you’re not coming with us,” Lilly questioned.
“Erik and I pulled a few jobs here in the past. If I go in, it’ll blow our cover.”
“I wish we knew that beforehand.” It was something we should have known before splitting into teams and he had neglected a vital piece of information. “Anything else we should know?”
“Yeah, he’s a big fan of the ladies.”
Lilly looked down at her dress. “Is that why Natalya gave me this to wear?” A few men walked by gawking at her.
I eyed her up as well. “You do look hot in it.” I was seeing Lilly in a different light. Out of all the years we knew each other, this was the first time I saw her in a dress. I could tell she was uncomfortable, but her body was fit perfectly for a tight dress like that.
I stepped out of the passenger seat; wearing my jeans and a polo shirt; allowing Joe to speed off. We only had one option left. We entered the casino; finding drunk men throwing their money away on roulette, and craps. The slot machines were mostly occupied by older women, but the big money players were at the blackjack and poker tables. I watched a few hands before sitting down.
“Evening sir,” the dealer said as I placed my money on the table. He retrieved it; replacing the money with a hundred and fifty dollars in chips. “Place your bets.”
I pushed all of my money in on the first deal; hoping I read the cards right before I sat down.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea,” Lilly whispered in my ear as her hands gently rubbed my shoulders.
“Trust me. I know what I’m doing.”
The dealer handed two cards to each of the five men surrounding the table including me. I looked at my cards; finding the ten of hearts and eight of spades. Everyone looked nervously at their cards; unsure if they should hit or stay with what they had, but I was the only one sure they would win.
“Stay,” I smirked as I waived a flat hand over my cards. The dealer had a five showing. I knew he had two low cards. The man to my left was next he had a seven showing. He waived his hand in a manner similar to mine. The third had a two.
“Hit,” he shouted as he slapped the table; nearly toppling his drink onto his cards. The dealer flipped a card towards him; showing off the Queen of Diamonds. “Shit, I’m out.” He flipped his cards over and pushed them towards the dealer.
Next to him was a kid with long hair tucked under a black ball cap. I could see the ten of clubs on the table in front of them and knew whatever he had, he was about to bust.
“Stay,” he whispered as he lifted his glass of soda from the table. His eyes focused heavily on the annoyed look on the dealer’s face.
Finally the man at the far end waived their hand; causing the dealer to sigh heavily. He flipped his cards around; showing a five and a seven. Due to blackjack rules, the dealer is forced to hit on anything under sixteen. He turns another card around and found the Jack of Clubs; busting the dealer and giving us all a win.
I played it safe the next few hands, but made sure I won every decent hand they threw my way; ensuring I wouldn’t lose any money. It was a tactical move on my part; risky but effective as the dealer nodded his head upward to one of the security personnel. I could instantly feel a dozen eyes zoom in on me as if every camera and every member of the security detail knew who I was and watched every move I made.
“What are you doing,” Lilly asked. “We can’t sit around playing games all night. We have work to do.” Lilly scanned the room; seeing a few security guards closing in on our table.”
“I am working. I’m drawing out the target.”
“Well it’s working. We have three guards coming our way.”
I craned my neck to look around; seeing the three guards approaching and even more coming through the double glass doors. In the center of the crowd stood a balding white man in his late forties maybe early fifties; sporting a cheap black suit and lime green tie.
I looked down at my hand; seeing I was dealt a two of spades and a King of Hearts. The dealer had a satisfied grin plastered across his face.
I put a hundred dollars in chips in front of me; betting on one last hand. “I’ll hit.”
The dealer thought he had me right where he wanted me; believing whatever I had, the next card was about to bust me. 
“Nine of hearts,” the dealer chuckled. “Sorry, better luck next time,” he whispered under his breath.
I flipped the two out from under the king showing him I had twenty-one. “I guess that means I win.” I pulled my chips toward me, counted them and told the dealer, “I’d like to cash out now.”
“Are you sure sir? You’ve been on a hot streak. I’d hate to see anyone end it so quickly.”
“I always feel it’s better to quit while you’re up or else you’ll lose everything.”
The dealer slowly took the chips back; counting the money as if it were someone counting pennies at a register looking for exact change. He was stalling for time and I knew it.
“Come on honey,” Lilly said eagerly as she saw the men getting closer. “I want to play a few slot machines before we go.”
“You heard the lady,” I told the dealer while reaching for my money. I scrapped up the last of the bills and walked off; counting the money as we made a quick exit into a crowd of people near the craps tables. We were concealed by hundreds of people like camouflage.
“How much did you get?”
“About five hundred,” I replied. It wasn’t a lot of money, but it was a few big hands which were devised to get their attention.
We huddled together watching the guards comb through the crowds of people searching for us. Little did they know we were watching the man in the lime green tie as he stood next to the blackjack table; staring at my chair which now had a stunningly beautiful Asian woman in a tight skimpy silver cocktail dress and matching heels. Her face appeared sweet and innocent; someone who didn’t know what this man was capable of. I had to wonder; was he coming after Lilly or me. Or maybe his prize was both of us.
I didn’t want to take any more chances and hurried Lilly out of the casino. There were two guards watching; waiting for us to pass by so they could grab us. We snuck behind a group of drunken women in tight dresses, one of which was wearing a bachelorette crown, and waited until they started walking near the exit. They stumbled around spilling their drinks; grabbing the attention of the guards as one of the women spilled hers on a woman holding a Coach bag. They sprang into action keeping the women apart; giving us the opportunity we needed to escape.
The black Hummer pulled up as we made our exit. “How did it go,” Joe asked from the driver’s seat.
“There were guards everywhere,” Lilly exclaimed.
“Yeah and I did my best to get their attention.”
“And…”
“And it worked perfectly. His entire security team was searching for us.” Joe and I laughed; knowing we hatched a plan earlier in the day for me to draw attention to myself.
“You were in on this together,” Lilly shouted as the Hummer pulled away from the Reece.
“Sorry,” I replied. “We needed to keep you out of it in case I was made. That way you could have honestly said you didn’t know anything.”
“I can’t believe you two assholes didn’t tell me this was the plan.” I could see her eyes were filling up with tears, but was filled with anger.
“You were right about one thing,” I said to Joe. “He really does love the ladies.”
Joe let out a maniacal laugh as if there was something he purposely left out when discussing the plan for tonight, but I was getting the feeling I knew what it was. Lilly and I were the bait. Joe just wanted to see who they would go after more. I didn’t know what he wanted us to do, but I realized he was better at planning this than we were.

Chapter 69
It was just after ten when we arrived at the Roosevelt. A large gold water fountain stood twenty feet from the doors to welcome guests and attract tourists. If the fountain didn’t lure them in, maybe the twenty floors that towered over the crowds with large illuminating lights would.
The atmosphere inside was just as mesmerizing. The lights were brighter; hypnotizing their patrons with eye catching neon lights popping out from the circular bar that stood in front of the Roosevelt Restaurant. The waitresses wore tight silver and gold painted leather skirts with matching tops cut so their breasts were barely covered. They patrolled the floor handing out drinks and hovering over the drunken gambling fools; making it easy for men to lose track of how much money they spent while hanging around these women. Any man looking to make some extra money or desperately seeking attention would lose themselves in the women and the wannabe celebrity for a night life style.
“I’m going to the slot machines,” Lilly whispered as she gently kissed my lips. She caught me off guard and sent shivers down my spine. “You boys have fun and stay out of trouble.”
Joe watched my reaction. “Damn, can I get one too?” He puckered his lips and closed his eyes.
I shoved him towards the Texas Hold Em tables. “Shut up and get going. Keep an eye out for the others.”
“I don’t know. I think I need some convincing with this one,” Joe continued as we both looked back at Lilly. “Hey focus,” Joe shouted as he snapped his fingers in front of my face.
I shoved Joe aside. “I was listening.”
“No you weren’t, but I understand why. I mean with a woman like that…” Joe saw my eyes squint and eyebrows rise; telling him to choose his words carefully. “Fine, you guys can play house when we get back, but for now we need to get down to business. What’s the target’s name again?”
“His name is Kevin Walters and from what I read he’s pretty slick. Apparently gambling isn’t his only way of collecting income. Walters also runs a prostitution ring in the area and supplies party favors.”
Joe held his hand against my chest. “I’ve heard about him; he’s no joke. People know he’s well connected and don’t even bother to mess with him. A few associates of ours used to work security here. That fault is locked up pretty solid and only Walters and his closest personal guards know how to access it.”
“Would your friend be able to help us?”
“Doubt it. Walters puts the fear of God into them before they stop working for him; tell them if he ever sees them in the casino again, he’ll break their legs and their families will permanently disappear.”
“That’s pretty ruthless for just stepping onto his casino floor after working there.”
“He doesn’t trust many people and thinks they’re looking to find a way to get his money.”
“What else do you know about the guards?”
“They spent a lot of time at gun ranges. Some of them are long distance shooters or hunters; others are former officers.”
“Great, so we’re up against Walters and his personal army. I guess shooting our way through is out of the question.”
Joe gave a disapproving stare; the first time I’ve seen him this serious since we worked together on Long Island at a local video store and Loss Prevention came in trying to find out who’s been stealing from the store.
“You better sit down before we draw attention.”
Joe and I settled down at opposing Texas Hold Em tables; making sure to keep our eyes focused on what was going on behind the other.
“Okay ladies and gentlemen, big blinds start at fifty dollars; small blinds are twenty-five,” the dealer called to the table as he placed a white chip marker in front of the man at the far right and dealt out two cards to each player. 
I threw away a hundred dollars on a pocket pair of tens; seeing the two men fold and a woman stayed in till the end against the man in the far right. 
There was something unsettling and oddly familiar about him. The man had long black hair that fell to the shoulder of his charcoal suit. His crimson tie stood out against his black button down shirt. The light above him was dim; almost as if the bulb was about to burn out; keeping his companion hidden from view.
“Aces over Jacks,” the dealer called as each player flipped over their cards; declaring the man in the charcoal suit the winner.
I shrugged off the eerie feeling and turned my attention to the dealer. “Guess it wasn’t my night.”
I inched forward in my chair, waiting for the next hand to begin, when I received a short burst of pain in my ribs.
Mike hovered above me; whispering in my ears. “Our target is on the move. We need to go.”

Chapter 70
Joe and I hurried to cash out and keep up with Mike as he pushed his way through a crowd of drunken gamblers and spectators.
“What the hell are we rushing for,” Joe asked as he jogged to keep up with us.
“We’ve had eyes on Walters all night,” Mike began as he looked to see where the target went. “He’s been sitting in the VIP section of the restaurant.” Mike pointed to the second floor of the lavish restaurant located just behind the bar. “He’s been up there all night until a few minutes ago.”
“Well, where is he,” Joe snapped.
“I don’t know. He’s walking around the casino floor somewhere. Erik told me to go find you guys so we can find out why. It might be our only shot to get him.”
I grabbed Mike by the shoulder; pulling his collar tightly; nearly choking him until he stopped trying to walk forward.
“You don’t think he made us?”
“No, but let’s meet up with the others and find him.”
We followed Mike to the craps tables where a large crowd surrounded a short spiky haired man that was on a hot streak. People were cheering, but more so at the busty brunette next to him bouncing up and down in a revealing green cocktail dress.
Mike pushed his way through; yanking him back. “What the hell man? You know he’s on the move. Why are you still here?”
“Relax; he’s over by the slot machines. We’ve had eyes on him since he left the restaurant.”
I overheard them say Walters was near the slot machines. My face contorted into a mixture of anger, annoyance, and being scared.
“What’s wrong,” Mike asked.
“Lilly said she was going there. We need to find her.”
Mike grabbed Erik by the arm; looked him dead in the eyes and commanded him, “Cash out now, we need to go.”
Joe explained the rumors he heard about Walters to Erik and Natalya as they quickly cashed out and walked briskly away from the table.
We scanned the room; searching for a sign of either of them until Joe tapped me on the shoulder. “I think your girlfriend has some company.”
I followed Joe’s finger as it pointed to a slot machine about thirty feet away. Lilly was sitting at a machine wearing her sexy black dress. Her eyes were puffy and distant as if she had been holding back tears all night; drowning them in liquor. Her head lifted slowly; looking behind her as three six foot bald men stood circled a slick blond man in a tailor made suit.
Walters signaled to a nearby waitress to bring over drinks for them as he grabbed Lilly’s hand; turning on the charm and catching a smile from her in return.
The hairs on my arm stood on end; goose bumps covered my body as my hands became fists. My eyes were locked on to each guard and Walters and knew what each of them was capable of. The thought of Walters touching Lilly made my skin crawl to the point where if I had a gun on me, I would have shot him and his guards right on the spot.
Walters stroked Lilly’s arm gently as he continued sweet talking her. I knew what he wanted and it made my blood boil. I didn’t care if I had a gun, a knife, or a weapon at all. I was ready to kill Kevin Walters with my bare hands.
I lunged forward; ready to run to the slot machines and take on the casino, but my arms were pinned back by Joe and Mike before I could take more than three steps.
“Drew, you need to calm down,” Mike said as his massive arms pinned mine behind my back. “If you go over there now, you’ll blow our cover and screw up the mission.”
“Not to mention probably get us all killed while you’re at it,” Erik said with a sarcastic tone as he patted my shoulder.
“I say we let it play out,” Joe laughed. The rage in my eyes told him not to joke as I tried fighting Mike off. “All joking aside, Lilly might be our way passed the guards.”
“I’m not letting some slime ball low life drug dealing pimp put his hands on her just so we can get around a few guards.”
Erik placed himself between us. “Joe’s right. We can use his infatuation with Lilly to get us the access we need.” Erik could see the anger and hatred in my eyes, but knew his reasoning was solid. But I wasn’t going anywhere until Walters was far away from Lilly. “Joe, take care of the situation while we get Drew some fresh air.”
“My pleasure.” Erik and Mike took me towards the exit as Joe marched up to Lilly; pushing Walters out of the way. “Excuse me buddy. Lil, we need to go.”
“Forget it pal,” Walters replied. “She’s with me now; go take a hike.”
Joe took Lilly by the hand to lead her away, but Walters held on to her other hand; letting his guards draw in closer around them.
“I said she’s with me now. I suggest you beat it before I have you removed from the building permanently.”
Joe watched the guards cracking their knuckles; ready to take him out the moment Walters gave them the signal.
“I’d rethink that statement if I was you. You’re talking to my sister.” Joe brought himself nose to nose with Walters. “So I suggest you take your hands off of her before you lose them.”
“Do you have any idea who you’re talking to?”
“Some guy in a tacky cheap suit.”
“My name is Kevin Walters; I own this casino. And I’ll have you know, this suit cost me three thousand dollars.”
“Am I supposed to be impressed?”
Walters brought his hand up to his nose; pinching it as he glanced back at his guards. He was done playing games.
Lilly saw the exchange between Walters and his men as she shook her hand free and pushed her way between Joe and Walters.
“I’m sorry about all of this. I really should get going.”
Walters held his hand up; stopping the guards from moving forward. He released the tension from his face; letting his eyes and mouth relax almost turning them into a smile.
“You can make it up to me by having dinner with me tomorrow night. How about eight o’clock?”
“Maybe,” Lilly replied as she walked away. “I’ll leave my response at the front desk in the morning.”
Walters gave a devilish smile as he watched Lilly walk away. His eyes focused on her long tan legs as they strutted towards the exit before grabbing Joe by the front of his shirt.
“If you ever talk to me like that again, it’ll be the last thing you ever do; understand?”
Joe pushed Walters off and laughed. “Don’t worry; after tomorrow night, you’ll never hear from me again.”

Chapter 71
We met back at Joe and Erik’s house an hour later. Every seat in the living room was occupied by someone refusing to discuss what happened at the Roosevelt. We all knew what needed to be done, but no one wanted to talk about it.
Joe clapped his hands together loudly; waking everyone up and laughed. “So, how did everyone do tonight?”
Erik nodded to Natalya as she pulled out a wad of cash. “I’d say a thousand dollars was a pretty good win for us. Would’ve had a lot more if someone didn’t rip us away from the table.”
Natalya stretched out her long legs to the coffee table; posing one arm behind her head while biting sensually on the tip of the other hand’s index finger.
“I think they were a little distracted. I wonder why.”
Erik patted her lap. “Whatever gets the job done? How did things go at the Reece?”
I threw my money down on the coffee table. “I think I’m better at blackjack. I would’ve had more, but I lost a hundred at the Roosevelt on a couple of poker hands.”
Erik exchanged glances with Joe. “You didn’t go in?”
I wondered if Joe clued Erik into his plan of sending me in to draw the target out.
“Joe, told us you guys pulled a few jobs at the Reece.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot about those. They weren’t anything big; just worked as private security for Sanders a couple of times. It was when we first started in the business. He hired us another time to get some asshole to pay his debt.”
Joe saw my eyes slant towards him suspiciously. “If I walked in with you guys, he would have sent a few guards to stop us and bring us upstairs.” Joe walked around the room and placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder. “Trust me, I have something special planned for him, but will need most of the team to pull it off.”
“Absolutely not,” Mike shouted. “We won’t have time to put two plans in motion and we can’t do them on separately either.”
“Look if my plan works, we’ll be in and out of the Reece in about an hour; hour and a half tops.”
“So what are we going to do about the Roosevelt,” Natalya finally said. Everyone looked away from each other staring at the walls or the floor.
It was the conversation no one wanted to have; especially me. We all knew the only way to get to Walters was using Lilly as bait. She would have to get close to him; make him believe she wanted him. It wasn’t an easy task; not only for Lilly to be that convincing, but for me to sit back patiently and watch. 
Joe knew he had to be the one to be blunt about it. After all, no one else wanted to say anything. “Look, I’m just gonna say what we’re all thinking. Walters wants Lilly and I say we give her to him.”
I knew he was right; it was the only way, but it couldn’t stop my blood from becoming a raging inferno.
“What do you mean; just give her to him?”
Joe put up his hands in defense; trying to get me to listen to reason. “Just hear me out,” he said while Mike and Erik pulled me to a chair. “Walters wants to have dinner with her tomorrow night. I say we let her go while Mike stays back at the hotel room. He can keep eyes on her while we pull off the mission at the Reece. By the time we’re done, they should be heading down to dinner. You can meet up with Mike on the casino floor to watch over her while we get things ready in the room.”
“If you think I’m going to leave her with that slime ball for even a second…”
“I’ll do it,” Lilly interrupted; her voice was soft, but loud enough to stop all of us from shouting and extinguished the fire burning in my eyes. She lifted her head in a drunken stupor. “If it’s the only way for us to eliminate him, then I have to do it.”
Joe rested his hand on my shoulder and knelt down beside me. “I told you before; he has too many well trained guards. We need a way to get close to him so we don’t have to shoot our way through.”
I stared at Lilly; knowing how scared she was. Out of all the missions we had completed, this was the one that was the most dangerous and it all depended on her. It was just like the night we attacked the Mason house, but worse. She had to pretend to like some creepy guy with the worst intentions.
“Fine,” I whispered. “But I want the rest of the team at the Reece by seven. Lilly, I want you to leave a message at the Roosevelt in the morning; telling them you’ll meet Walters for dinner at nine. That should give us enough time to get back.”
Erik shot up with a burst of energy. “Great, now that we got that all settled, I think we should get some sleep. We need to be rested before tomorrow night.”
Erik, Joe and Natalya exited the living room and headed up the spiral staircase. Mike put his arm around my shoulders. 
“Don’t worry; I’ll take good care of her until you get back.”
I gave a faint smile and nodded. Mike was the one person I could count on to keep Lilly safe. The others were professionals; they knew the dangers of the job. I knew they would leave any one of us behind if it meant saving their own asses.
Lilly reached for my hand; taking it gently in hers. “Can you just hold me tonight?”
Behind the drunkenness I could see the fear building up inside. “Yeah, I can do that.”
Mike walked off; letting me drape my arms around Lilly as I pulled her in close. “I won’t let anything happen to you; I promise.”

Chapter 72
I entered the Reece Casino after dropping Erik and Natalya off upstairs in the hotel room to get our weapons and explosives ready. My job was to sit out in the open as the bait. I decided to take a seat at the bar first; drinking a rum and coke to calm shakiness of my hands; knowing this was the biggest mission and most dangerous one for Lilly.
I didn’t know where Joe was. I figured he would have been walking the casino floor with me; hoping to draw Sanders out of his office, but he was nowhere to be found. 
I continued walking around the casino floor; settling in on the same blackjack table from the night before; finding the same dealer that signaled for the guards when I was on a winning streak.
“Back for some more,” the dealer said. His eyes were expressively green and told me he remembered how much I stole from his table by counting cards.
I placed a two hundred dollar bet immediately; knowing the end result before the dealer had a chance to look at his cards.
The dealer flipped his cards over; revealing a seventeen as I displayed my twenty. “You win again sir.” He pulled back as he grabbed chips to hand me and nodded to the pit boss off to the side. It was the same look he had given him the night before. 
I searched the room; finding the double glass doors opening with two muscular black men exiting them and walking with a purpose towards my table. 
“Sir, you need to come with us,” one of the guards said sternly as he gripped my left arm with his sausage like fingers.
“I’m actually pretty comfortable where I am thanks.”
“Too bad; Mr. Sanders wants to see you and he doesn’t like to be kept waiting.” His grip was like a vice; crushing my arm as he pulled me away from the table.
I tried to shake him off but to no avail. “Tell whoever this Sanders guy is that if he wants to talk, then I’ll be right here. Besides, I’m on a hot streak.”
“Not anymore you’re not.” The other guard wrapped his massive hands around my right arm and dragged me away from the table with the first guard. I fought them the entire way; not knowing what was in store for me as they threw me through the double doors and shoved me into an elevator.
When the doors opened, I saw two men staring at me with smiles plastered across their faces. The first was the slime ball with the lime green tie that I knew to be Mr. Sanders. The other was a short stocky Italian man that I called my friend. 
Sanders held the door to his office open; ushering Joe and I inside. “Come in Mr. Lancaster and have a seat.” I didn’t know Joe’s full plan; just knew I was an important piece of the puzzle. “Your friend here told me your story and asked me to hire you.” Mr. Sanders sat down in his chair across from me; resting a finger on his lips. “Give me one good reason why I should.”
 “I-I’m sorry; I wasn’t expecting this. I came to Vegas to start over and asked a few friends to help me get on my feet. I had no idea that Joe came here on my behalf.”
“And why did you need to start over?”
I knew Sanders was trying to get me to admit to being the Phoenix, but didn’t understand why. I decided to keep my answers vague until I could figure out what he wanted; telling him I ran into problems back home.
“Well from my understanding, you are the man known as the Phoenix; a man wanted by police all over the country, the F.B.I. and the President of the United States. Just you stepping foot inside my casino poses an incredible threat to me and my business.” Sanders glanced towards the phone; keeping a steady hand hovering above it. 
Joe blocked his hand instantly. “With all due respect sir, that could work to your advantage. Think about it. If anyone were to find out you had the Phoenix working here as your personal security guard, they’ll know you have the best and would never consider messing with you or your casino.”
Sanders tapped his finger on his lips repeatedly as his eyebrows raised with intrigue. “You make an excellent point, but I think he needs to prove himself as a worthy member of my staff before he becomes part of my personal security team.”
“Understood,” Joe said as a low ringing came from his pocket. He looked down at the caller ID. “Excuse me, I have to take this.”
“By all means,” Sanders said; clapping Joe on the back. “I’ll make sure to take good care of your friend.” He walked Joe to the door and waived one of the guards to enter. “Take our newest staff member and show him the ropes for a bit.” Sanders checked the time on a gold plated pocket watch. His face lit up as he popped a breath mint into his mouth. “Oh it’s time to check out the action on the floor.”

Chapter 73
I was taken down to a lower level of the casino. From the loud cheers and bells ringing, I assumed I was right beneath the casino floor. The guard took me down a corridor of lockers; stopping just outside a light wooden door. 
He entered; returning with an armful of clothes. “Here’s your shirt, pants, and hat.” He reached back disappeared while I quickly threw on the oversized clothes. The large guard returned; handing me a baton, a radio and a small gun placed in the holster of a belt. “Hurry your ass up. Your shift starts in five minutes.”
I was more confused than ever before. Was this all part of Joe’s plan or had this been a setup all along? Thanks to Joe my cover was blown and now I was working security detail for a man I was supposed to kill. I had no idea how I could get back to the Roosevelt without being more suspicious than I already was, but I had to trust Joe knew what he was doing.
As I walked down the hall towards the elevator, I placed the com in my ear whispering to the others, “Are you there?”
“We read you,” Erik’s voice echoed in my ear. “Are we all set for phase two?”
“What are you talking about? Joe gave me up to Sanders and now I’m working security.”
“Good, the plan’s working perfectly then. Natalya should be walking the floor any minute. We need you to keep an eye on the guards while we get in place.”
“Why didn’t you tell about this?”
I found myself in front of the large guard as he waited for the elevator to return. “Tell you about what?”
My mind raced as I wondered how much he heard. “Why didn’t you tell me the uniform runs big?”
He laughed while playfully smacking me in the back; nearly knocking me over. “Mr. Sanders usually hires bigger guys to get the job done.”
“I didn’t know there was a height or weight requirement for this job.”
The guard laughed heartily again. “I like you. You got spunk. Come on kid; I’ll show you around.” The elevator doors slid open as we entered and felt the elevator lurch as it catapulted us up to the casino floor.
He took a few minutes to walk me around; introducing me to some of the guys. They were all six foot heavy set muscular men. Some were in their late twenties but most were in their early to mid-thirties.
Finally he stopped at the bar. “Here’s your station for the night. Just make sure no one gets out of hand. If someone causes any trouble, use your radio to call us over and we’ll help you throw them out.”
I nodded in agreement and watched him push through a crowd of gamblers near the roulette wheel. I scanned the room nervously; searching for any sign of Natalya or Sanders.
“Where are they,” I muttered.
“Relax,” Erik replied through the earpiece. “Natalya just hit the casino floor and is approaching the bar as we speak.”
“That’s where they have me working.”
“Great, then you can keep an eye on her for a few minutes.”
I turned to see if there were any other guards around, but found a pair of long luscious legs in gold four inch heels strut passed me. My eyes nearly popped out of my head when I realized it was Natalya. Her gold dress reflected bits of light; drawing everyone’s attention; including Sanders.
Natalya placed her matching clutch handbag on the counter and signaled the female bartender. “Excuse me.”
“What can I get ya?”
“Jack on the rocks.”
Sanders closed in on Natalya as she ordered her drink. His two large goons stood behind him; ensuring no one else would get close to Sanders or Natalya. I stared and wondered how a guy like Sanders thought he stood a chance with someone like her.
“That’s a pretty strong drink for such a pretty you lady like yourself.” Sanders signaled to the waitress as she slid the small cup in front of Natalya.
“It’s how I like my men; strong and gets right to the point.”
“A woman who knows what she wants. I like that. You plan on drinking that alone?”
“I’m never alone for long.”
“Consider this on the house.”
Natalya caressed the top of his hand gently with hers. “Are you some big shot around here or something?”
Sanders grinned; believing he was on the fast track to getting laid by the hottest woman at the casino that night. “I own this wonderful establishment.”
Natalya plastered her sensual smile and batted her eyes playfully. “Good looking and powerful. I like that in a man.”
Sanders exuberated confidence and was fooled into thinking he was well on his way to becoming the luckiest man in the world.
“How would you like to make this a private party,” Sanders asked while caressing his thumb on Natalya’s shoulder.
“What did you have in mind?”
Sanders took Natalya by the hand. “I can bring you up to the luxury suites and show you Vegas like you’ve never seen it before.”
“Very tempting,” Natalya paused and waited for the signal.
Erik’s voice echoed over the com. “We’re in place.”
Natalya downed her drink; stinging her as the liquor slid down her throat. “Let’s go.”
I stood by and was forced to watch Sanders walk away with Natalya. The two goons accompanied them to the elevator and took it to the top floor.
“Andrew,” Erik’s voice shouted into my earpiece. “Get to the elevator and rendezvous with Joe to setup the pinch bomb.”
“I’m on it.” I entered the double doors and found Joe standing over two large bodies. “You do some nice work.”
“I’ve handled worse. Let’s get downstairs.” Joe picked up a small backpack off the ground and held out a black and green card.
“How did you…”
“I told you this wasn’t the first time I pulled a job here. Come on let’s go we have work to do.”

Chapter 74
Natalya entered a lavish suite; marveling at how big it was in comparison to her room a few floors down. The room had a leather couch, a king sized bed, a hot tub and a full kitchen. She could tell that Sanders only used this room for high powered rich friends of his or to impress a woman enough to take her to bed.
Natalya moved towards the large bay windows. Sanders was right, this suite had one of the best views of Las Vegas. “This is a pretty nice view.”
“That’s not the only one I wanted you to see.” Sanders unzipped his pants and grabbed Natalya firmly by the arms.
“That’s a pretty strong grip you have. Maybe we should take things a little bit slower.”
“Why wait? I’m ready to go.” Sanders pushed Natalya towards the bed; smothering her neck with kisses. She could feel him getting bigger; poking her from behind.
“Whoa buddy; you need to calm down a bit.”
“You told me you like a man that’s strong and gets to the point. That’s exactly what I’m doing.”
There was a loud noise in the distance as if someone used a sledgehammer to break down the door.
“What the hell was that,” Sanders shouted. He looked at Natalya and threw her on the bed. “This will only take a minute.”
Sanders exited the bedroom and found Erik standing over one of the large goons that followed Sanders everywhere. There was a giant hole in the door where Erik knocked the big man through.
 “What the hell are you doing here,” Sanders questioned.
“I’m ending our business arrangement.” Erik steadily held out his gun; pointing it at Sanders and pulled the trigger. A loud firecracker like noise came from the gun as the bullet exited the barrel and slammed into Sanders’s heart.
Natalya appeared visibly shaken from the bedroom. “Is he dead?” Erik shook his head yes as Natalya stepped over the body to hug Erik. She grabbed the gun from him and fired another two rounds; hitting him in his forehead and groin.
“Hit the fire alarm and let’s go guys.”

Chapter 75
Nine o’clock was drawing closer as Lilly paced around the queen sized bed in her hotel room at the Roosevelt.
“Calm down,” Mike said as he sat in a nearby chair watching TV. “They’ll be here in a little bit.”
“Yeah but they were supposed to be here almost an hour ago. What if something went wrong? What if one of them is hurt? What if…”
Mike grabbed Lilly by the arms; stopping her from walking in circles. “They’re fine, I’m sure of it. They probably just ran behind schedule and are on their way here now.”
“But what if Walters shows up before they get here?”
“Then I’ll follow you guys and keep an eye on you until they get back.” Mike waited until Lilly took a deep breath before sitting back in his chair.
“How do I look,” she asked while playing with her hair.
Mike looked her up and down; noticing the slit in the leg of the dress came up to mid-thigh. “If you were my sister, I’d put the fear of God into him.”
Lilly blushed and said thanks as she stared at the clock on the wooden nightstand. The red numbers on the black screen showed eight fifty eight. 
“Where are they,” she whispered.
There was a loud knock at the door that made Mike and Lilly jump to their feet. Mike flung himself under the bed while Lilly fixed her dress and opened the door.
There were two muscular guards in black suits standing in back of Kevin Walters. He was wearing a silver suit with matching tie over a black button down silk shirt.
“Hello Lilly, you look incredibly beautiful tonight.” He saw her cheeks glow with a rosy red tone. He took her by the hand; let her twirl around for a moment before leading her out of the room. “Are we all set?”
Lilly hesitated; looked around the hall as if she expected Andrew or one of the others to come around the corner any moment and nodded her head yes in reply.
“Splendid.” Walters followed the first guard while walking hand in hand with Lilly. The second guard trailed them to ensure no one came after them. “I believe we’re about to have the night of our lives.”
Lilly plastered a fake smile across her face. All she could do was pray the group got there soon and eliminated Walters before he made a move on her. Her skin crawled every time Walters touched her; she couldn’t imagine what would happen if he tried to kiss her.
They reached a private elevator in time to hear a small commotion down the hall. Lilly could hear Andrew’s voice in the distance as the doors closed. She knew he was there to save her.

Chapter 76
The Hummer pulled up to the Roosevelt just before nine. There was no time to waste. Lilly was about to meet up with Kevin Walters any moment and we were far from ready.
“Do you think she can handle herself,” Erik asked as we hurried inside the building.
“She should,” Natalya replied. “We talked this morning while shopping through my closet for the perfect dress for tonight. I gave her a killer purple studded dress. He’ll take one look at her and won’t care what she tells him.”
Part of me was hoping Natalya was right, but Walters was a man that gets everything he wants out of life no matter the price. I was just hoping Lilly wasn’t the one having to pay for it.
As our elevator doors opened, another set across the hall closed and we could see someone running down the hall towards us. 
“Whoa, what’s the hurry,” Erik asked; finding Mike sprinting around the corner.
“Walters just picked Lilly up and took the elevator downstairs. I was trying to follow them.”
“All right; let’s split up. Mike and I will go downstairs to keep an eye on Lilly. You three take care of what you need to up here.”
Mike hit the button to call the elevator back, but Natalya pulled me aside. “I didn’t want to worry you back at the Reece, but things got a little more intense than we planned.”
“How so?”
“Sanders was getting a little too touchy feely for my taste. He was copping a feel and trying to insert himself in me. I held him off long enough for Erik to bust in and take him out.”
The elevator doors opened behind me. Mike entered and stopped them from closing. “What are you saying?”
“Don’t let her go anywhere alone with him. This guy seems like a creep; more than Sanders was. Lilly is a sweet girl; you need to make sure she stays that way. Take them out before he brings her somewhere they can be alone.”
“He won’t have a chance to do anything; I promise.” I said as the elevator doors closed.
“Do you know where Walters is taking her,” I snapped at Mike as we plummeted several floors.
“I don’t know. He talked about this being the night of their lives or a memorable night or something like that.”
“What do you mean or something like that?”
“I was trying to make sure no one saw me and was hiding under the bed. They were only at the door for maybe a minute before they headed towards the elevator.”
“That doesn’t help us.”
“Calm down; we’ll find her,” Mike reassured me.
The steel doors opened; revealing a packed casino. The women in the gold and silver skimpy outfits were hidden in the crowds of gamblers; staying closer to any table that seemed like the action was getting hot.
“Let’s spread out,” I commanded. “They have to be around here somewhere.”
I needed to find her. The thought of Lilly being stuck with such a dangerous man made me want to go all Rambo on them. But I knew how good their security was thanks to Joe. It would be me with one gun against an army of well-trained shooters posing as security.
Mike appeared moments later at my side. “I found them. They’re sitting in the VIP section upstairs at his restaurant, but it’s blocked off.”
We scurried through the crowd; scouting the bar area and finding two large bald men standing guard at the entrance to the bar. No one was getting passed either of them; not unless they were a hot woman with a rack that would make their eyes pop out.
“Sorry gentlemen,” one of the guards said as we approached. “This area is off limits tonight.”
“Come on man,” Mike shouted using an annoying drunk voice. “I just wanna get another drink.”
“I said it’s off limits. Go find one of the girls to take your order.” Mike inched forward, but the guards shoved him back. “Go before you’re thrown out for good.”
“This is bullshit. There’s no one around to take my order.”
“Calm down Mike,” I urged.
“No, I want another drink and these damn bald morons won’t let me in.”
I could see the guards getting pissed off at Mike’s antics. One of them whispered into the cuff of their jacket; no doubt calling for more security to escort us from the building.
I pulled Mike’s arm; dragging him away from the guards. I knew we were asking for trouble. “Sorry,” I shouted back to the guards as we continued back towards a crowd walking by.
“What the hell are you doing,” Mike snapped as he ripped his arm away from me. “I’m trying to help your girl.”
“Yeah, but you almost got us kicked out instead.” Mike wanted to add his rebuttal but I held a hand up silencing him and pointed to the windows upstairs. “They’re on the move. Let’s go; we can’t be seen.”
We power walked to the slot machines; keeping our eyes locked onto the restaurant and bar. It was the closest position to view the VIP section.
“You need to get closer,” Mike suggested as he pointed out a spot near a set of glass doors and the Texas Hold Em tables.
As I made my way to the tables, Walters and Lilly appeared with the two large bald men trailing behind them. Lilly caught my gaze, smiled and headed towards the elevators. But Walters had something else in mind. His eyes flashed my way and snatched Lilly’s wrist; forcefully pulling her closer to him as they neared the thick glass doors.
“Stop, you’re hurting me,” Lilly shrieked. 
“You don’t think I know a setup when I see one,” Walters replied; his face contorting from the smooth businessman to enraged psychopath in the blink of an eye. “I see your boyfriend in the crowd; just like I did last night.”
“You knew?”
“Of course I knew. I know everything that happens in my casino. Now it’s time to pay the price.” Lilly struggled in his grasp, but Walters inched her towards the doors. “You get the pleasure of becoming one of my little whores while your friends get arrested.”

Chapter 77
I noticed something was wrong. Lilly’s eyes had pure terror in them as she struggled to free her wrist from Walters. Her body jerked away allowing me to see Walters pull a small revolver from his pocket and jab Lilly in the side with it. 
My hands were sweating as I pulled them into fists. My heart was pounding as I frantically searched for a way to help Lilly. I only had one chance to throw them off guard and take them out, but was too risky to do on my own.
I could hear Mike’s voice echo in my ear as I started running towards the guards. “We need everyone down here now. They’ve made us and taken Lilly hostage.”
I ignored the worried replies that rang in my ear; focusing on Walters as he swiped his security card over a keypad next to the double doors. The light switched from red to green and Walters pushed his way through; dragging Lilly behind.
The guards turned to follow, but stumbled back as a bullet flew through the air; winging one of the bald guards in his left shoulder. It was the opportunity I needed. The guards backed towards the door; searching for the shooter as crowds of people ran frantically around after hearing the loud crack of a gun firing. The guards were distracted long enough. The door was closing and my window of opportunity was slipping away.
I tucked my head and charged at full speed into the second guard; knocking him into the glass door; forcing it open and giving me the access I needed.
I looked up; seeing Walters exit into the vault elevator in the distance; dragging Lilly behind him. I crawled towards them; feeling around for my gun and finding it several feet in front of me.
More gunshots were heard as dozens of security guards grouped together to take down the shooter. I looked back wondering if Mike was alive; was he dead; did the others get downstairs yet? I crawled to my feet; taking a step back and seeing three more people hid behind a turned over poker table; returning fire at the security.
I wanted to help them, but knew they were paving the way for me to save Lilly. I tried to take a step forward, but was stopped. A massive hand gripped my ankle, yanked my leg back; sending me crashing to the cold tiled floor. The guard I crashed into was awake and on the attack. His club like forearm bashed me in the back of the head before rolling me over until I was face up; staring at the ceiling. 
His face hovered over mine as he pointed his berretta to the side of my head. “You’re friends are outnumber,” he laughed. “They’re going to die because of you.” I glanced back towards the elevator. “Oh don’t worry about her. Mr. Walters is going to have some fun with her before tricking her out to his friends. Hell, Mr. Walters might let us have a turn with her for stopping you. And you…you get to go to jail.” 
I knew there was a good chance we were going to die there, but I wasn’t going down without a fight.
“Fine you win,” I said pushing my hands up towards my shoulders. The big oaf never saw it coming. 
My right foot shot up; connecting with his groin. His concentration broke; giving me a moment to gauge his eyes and land a right to his jaw. His body slumped to the floor next to me; letting his gun fall to his side. I slid out from under, picked up his weapon and pointed the barrel directly in his face while pinning his arms down with my knees.
“What’s the matter; you don’t like it when the gun is pointed in your face?”
“Fuck you,” he spat.
I slammed the butt of the gun into his nose; breaking it instantly. “You know who I am. You know what I’ve done. Take me to Walters or I swear I’ll pull the trigger in some very unpleasant places.”
“You’d rather save her than your friends?”
“They can handle themselves.” I cocked the hammer on the gun back placing the barrel just over his left hand. “I won’t ask again. Where are they?”
He watched my finger rest on the trigger. I squeezed it slowly; moving maybe centimeters at a time. 
“They’re down in the vault,” he snapped. “There’s a tunnel down there that leads to a private parking garage. Mr. Walters stores his showroom quality cars down there.”
I patted his head like a dog. “Good boy. Now, get up slowly and don’t try anything funny.” I backed off the guard; keeping the gun pointed at him. “Take me down to the vault.”
“You won’t make it out alive,” he smirked.
I spun him around as we heard a high pitched click behind us. Joe and Natalya entered through the thick glass doors using a key card they pocketed from one of the guards.
“Easy Drew,” Joe said as he raised his hands.
“Where are the others?”
“They’re holding off the rest of the guards. We slipped in to make sure you’re okay.”
“I’m fine, but Walters tool Lilly down to the vault. We need to get down there.”
“Then you might need this.” I looked down at Joe’s left hand and saw the green Celtic cross on the sheath of my sword. He took the strap; draped it over my shoulder and took over watching the guard. He nudged the bald man with the gun. “I suggest you open the doors and bring us to the vault.”
The guard knew he was outnumbered. Even if his backup made it through the door to save him, he knew there was no way to make it out alive.
“Fine, follow me.”
The guard inserted his keycard and pressed the down arrow; bringing the elevator back to the main floor. The steel doors slowly opened.
“Get in,” Joe snapped.
The elevator threw us down several floors until we reached a long deserted hallway.
 We marched the guard down the corridor until we reached a solid steel door. “Open it,” I commanded.
“Why should I? You’re just going to kill me anyway.” 
Natalya picked his pocket and looked through his wallet; taking out a picture of a little girl. “But could you live with yourself knowing something happened to this little girl?”
“You leave my daughter out of this.”
Natalya put the picture in the guard’s pocket. “Help us and I promise nothing will happen to either of you.”
The guard hesitantly punched in the code. The lock retracted and the vault door swung open. Joe knocked out the bald man and dragged him inside with us. 
“Can’t be too careful.”
We expected to hear silence, but all we heard were the echoes of a woman sobbing and shouting.
“Take the right,” Joe whispered. “We’ll take the left.”
I could see the soft glow of a light in the distance before splitting from the group. We rounded stone pillars; getting closer to the light until Natalya and Joe found the horrific sight.
Lilly was handcuffed to a metal table that looked like they brought down to so they could be interrogated before someone broke their hand with a hammer of cut off fingers. Lilly’s purple studded dress was pulled up to the small of her back with Walters behind her removing his leather belt.
Walters saw Joe’s shadow in the distance and quickly pulled his revolver; pointing it between Joe and Natalya.
“Don’t move or I’ll blow her fucking brains out.” Walters pressed himself close to Lilly as he rested the barrel of the revolver on her temple. “Toss your weapons.”
Joe and Natalya kept their hands in the air as they placed their guns on the ground slowly.
Walters laughed. “Good, now you can watch while your sister gets pleasured.”
“You really are a sick bastard,” Joe replied.
“Is that any way to talk to the man who holds this pretty young lady’s life in his hands?”
“I don’t care about her.”
Lilly’s eyes welled up with tears as Walters dropped his pants. She could feel him pressing closer while he put his face next to Lilly’s. 
“You hear that? Your brother doesn’t care about you.”
Lilly continued to squirm; trying to pull herself away from Walters while Joe watched. “No, I mean she’s not my sister. I don’t care what you do to her. But if I was you, I’d be more concerned about the other guy you pissed off.
I maneuvered behind Walters. He was about to insert himself into Lilly. There wasn’t a second to waste. I threw the sheath to the ground and plunged the sword deep into his back; feeling it slide between his vertebras as it broke past the rib cage and nicked his heart. His body went rigid and fell to the floor; leaving a pool of blood beneath him.
“Are you okay,” I asked while fixing Lilly’s dress. “Did he hurt you?”
“I’m fine now that you’re here. Please, just get me out of here.” I knew she wanted out of the casino, but for the first time she wanted out of the group too.
Natalya picked the locks on the handcuffs while Joe setup the explosives around the room.
“We got five minutes to get out,” Joe said. “What should we do about him?”
“Grab the guard and let’s go. We can’t waste any time.”

Chapter 78
Agent Peterson arrived in Vegas after Arcana alerted him of the Revolution’s mission. The Reece and Roosevelt Casinos were next on the Phoenix’s hit list, but Peterson didn’t understand why. He hoped to find the group and talk some sense into them before making their dangerous move.
Peterson’s cell rang in the center console of his rental car. He picked it up on the third ring after noticing Arcana’s name on the caller ID.
“What’s wrong,” Peterson asked.
“Did you see the news? The hostages were found in a hotel in Burbank a little while ago.”
“I know, my men are covering it as we speak.”
“But I thought you were going to Vegas?”
“I am; I went alone. They think I’m taking some time to go over the case while they check out the scene.”
“Okay, but let me know if you find them.”
Peterson hung up the phone as he drew closer to the Reece Casino. Police cars zoomed past him as they turned on to the strip.
“This just in,” the DJ said on the radio. “We just received word that there has been an explosion at the Reece Hotel and Casino. Calls have flooded into the station saying they heard a blast and the building collapsed. No word on any injuries or fatalities at this time, but we will keep you posted as new information gets passed along.”
Peterson shook his head in disbelief as he spun the wheel. The tires made a loud screeching sound as the car made a U-turn. Other drivers slammed their horns as Peterson zoomed in and out of traffic.
“Damn it, they’re hitting the casinos tonight.” Peterson stopped at the first light he could and quickly input the directions to the Roosevelt.
Peterson could hear the phone ringing again as he turned down the radio. “Peterson here, what do you got?”
“Sir, this is Agent Kingsley. We believe the Phoenix and his group are in Vegas. There have been reports of a casino being attacked and the owner is nowhere to be found.”
“I was just about to call you. I received an anonymous tip earlier from someone claiming to have information on the Phoenix which brought me to Vegas. I heard about the Reece on the radio and on my way there as we speak. I need you to dispatch two teams to my location immediately.”
“Why two?”
“I have a feeling they’re not done yet. I want you to lead the team at the Reece and send another to meet me at the Roosevelt.”
“Wait, why the Roosevelt?”
“That’s where I was supposed to meet my contact. I just don't want to run into any surprises while I’m there.”
Peterson sped the rest of the way to the Roosevelt; weaving in and out of traffic; honking his horn at anyone that stood in his way. The GPS on his car told him he was a quarter mile away from his destination, but couldn’t drive any further as swarms of people crowded the streets; fleeing from the casino.
Peterson ditched his car and hurried towards his destination; grabbing nearby people shouting, “What’s going on?”
A young man in his early twenties stopped when Peterson grabbed him. “Man, all hell broke loose; bullets flying everywhere.”
“Was anybody hurt?”
“I don’t know man; maybe a couple of guards. I was too busy saving my own ass.” The kid ran off through the crowd as Peterson pushed closer to the casino entrance.
Gunshots rand louder as he entered and peered around the corner; finding two men hiding next to a turned over table; neither of them he had seen before, but they were taking fire from a few men dressed in all black.
Peterson released his gun from its holster and peered around the corner; observing everyone’s locations. He took a deep breath; knowing his decision would draw a line in the sand on where he stood. Peterson pushed himself off the wall; running into the room and firing at his desired targets. Peterson’s aim was precise; hitting the three guards in the chest and head.
“What the hell just happened,” the spiky haired man asked his companion. He looked over his shoulder; searching for their rescuer.
Peterson hid himself from their view, but kept an eye on the larger man as he checked the dead bodies.
“You do this,” Mike asked.
“I ran out on my last clip three minutes ago.”
“Then who shot them?”
“I did,” Peterson shouted from behind an overturned blackjack table. He sighed heavily; watching the others search for the mystery shooter. “My name is Agent Peterson. I’m with the F.B.I. Arcana sent me to get your team out of here.”
“What the fuck is he talking about,” Erik asked.
“I don’t know, but Arcana is the guy Andrew saw in Burbank and dropped the video off to.”
“You need to trust me if you want to get out of here before the police show up.”
“Fine, come out slowly with your hands up,” Mike shouted.
Peterson took a deep breath and raised his hands above his head. He could have waited for backup and took them into custody, but knew Arcana was trusting him to do the right thing. His biggest worry was the two he saved would use this chance to eliminate him from the investigation. 
Mike took Peterson’s gun while Erik frisked him. “I knew Andrew shouldn’t have trusted Arcana.”
“It’s a good thing he did. Your team has been leaving a mark on this town and the police are already on their way.”
“You son of a bitch,” Erik snapped; pointing the gun to Peterson’s head. “You ratted us out?”
“You did that by yourselves by shooting up the place. I just happen to be in the area when the call came in. But I can help you get passed them. I just need to talk to the Phoenix first. Where is he?” 
Mike nodded for Erik to drop the gun. “He went off with the rest of the group. Our target kidnapped one of our own and brought her down to the vault. We’re waiting for him to get back.”
“You need to leave now. Get your truck or van or whatever the hell you’re driving this time and keep it running. We need to get as many of your team out before the police show up.”
“We’re not leaving them behind.”
“Listen to me. We have to do things my way for me to work out some kind of deal for your group. It won’t work if someone else brings you in.”
There were sirens blaring in the distance; growing louder by the second.
“They’re almost here. I’ll hold them off as long as I can. You need to get the others and get out now.” Peterson took a card from his pocket and handed it to Mike. “Take this and tell the Phoenix to give me a call when your team is safe.”
Peterson ran from the building; holding his gun and badge in the air as he approached the first squad car. “My name is Special Agent Peterson with the F.B.I.”
“What do we have here,” the officer replied.
“There are no sign of any suspects, but counted five casualties; all security guards that seemed to work here. I need a bomb squad here before to search the building before going back inside.”
“Why; weren’t you just in there?”
“The Revolution already destroyed one casino tonight. You wanna be in there if they decide to blow that one too?”
The officer entered the car to radio in the request as Peterson watched the Roosevelt. A small group of people ran from the building with the leader of the group made brief eye contact with Peterson. 
There was a loud rumble; shaking the ground violently as if Las Vegas was being hit by an earthquake. A deafening blast erupted from the Roosevelt; letting them know the Phoenix and his Revolution were there.










Part 3: Plan B 

Chapter 79
It felt like hours had passed since the last time I drew a breath. The adrenaline continued to course through my veins as we crossed into Utah, but couldn’t help but stare into the night’s sky; replaying the carnage over again in my head. 
Our mistakes almost cost us too much. Joe and Natalya were almost died protecting Lilly, Erik and Mike withstood a barrage of well-trained shooters that posed as security, and Lilly almost lost more than just her life. If we hadn’t stopped Walters, Lilly would have lost her innocence and freedom. So many innocent people got hurt from the explosions and stray bullets.
 How could we have been so reckless? But there was a bigger question weighing heavy on my mind. How did we get passed the police?
I remembered seeing a man talking to the police as we exited the casino. He wasn’t dressed like a cop; maybe it was someone telling the officers what happened, but there was something off about him. He stared at me for a moment, and for some reason I thought it was Agent Peterson. 
I wanted to question Mike and Erik, but my cell rang loudly in my pocket. I was cramped into the back seat of the Hummer next to Lilly and a few of our bags.
“Hello,” I answered somberly.
The Benefactor’s cool commanding voice boomed over the speaker on the phone. “I hope you’re out of Nevada.” 
“Yeah, the mission was a success.”
“I’m well aware of that. I’ve been watching the news. What I’d like to know is why Agent Peterson was there with the police when the Roosevelt blew up?”
My worst fears were coming true. The man I caught staring at me as we left the casino must have been Agent Peterson. I wondered if Arcana gave up the details of our mission or if Peterson was as good as the papers made him out to be.
“Peterson was there?”
“Yes, and I’m beginning to think there might be a leak in your group.” I could tell by the menacing tone in the Benefactor’s voice meant business. “Rest assured, I will find out who leaked information and will terminate them.”
My heart was in my throat. I knew exactly who the leak was, but I thought I covered my tracks well enough. I used Joe’s internet, created a new email account and sent the message directly to Arcana. 
“Impossible,” I lied. “The whole group has been together nonstop. No one could have or would have tipped him off.”
“That doesn’t mean someone didn’t slip up.” He paused; thought about his comment and continued. “I’ll have my people look into it and find out how the info got out. In the meantime, I suggest you hurry back to Long Island.”
“Where are we going after Lilly’s flight?”
The Benefactor laughed; reveling in my anticipation for the next mission. “One of our agents will pick you up and bring you in for your final mission.”
“Final; as in last mission?”
“You heard correctly. I’ll be in touch.”
I sprang to life after hearing the words final mission and pushed myself closer to Lilly; placing my hand on hers. She flinched and pulled away instantly.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I should’ve been there sooner.”
She looked up at me with her big brown eyes. The warmth of her stare was missing. “It’s not your fault. I knew the risk and volunteered for it.” She paused and sighed heavy as she returned her focus to the starlit sky. “Maybe it’s a good thing I’m leaving. I don’t think I could handle another mission.”
I placed my arm around her head. “I’ll make sure you get on that flight and promise to get you out of this. The good news is I might be able to join you soon.”
“What; how?”
“The Benefactor told me they’re picking us up for our last mission once you’re on your flight. You know what this means? We’ll be free once we complete one more mission.”
Lilly’s eyes came alive as she flung her arms around me and shoved her body into my chest. I pulled her in tightly; not wanting to let go, but I caught something suspicious out of the corner of my eye. Mike was playing around with his phone; something I hadn’t seen him do since we were given new cells from the Benefactor. I pulled out my cell and sent a quick message to Arcana; saying we need to talk.

Chapter 80
The Benefactor arrived at his private office early the next morning before Joyce showed up for work. There were dark circles under his eyes, his hair was a bit messy and his suit was a mass of wrinkles. He knew Agent Peterson being at the Roosevelt was no coincidence; he didn’t believe in such things. The Benefactor knew someone had given Peterson a heads up.
He threw his office door open and barely hung up his jacket as he rushed to his computer; finding an invite for a video chat. He clicked the link instantly and found four dark squares pop up on his monitor.
“It seems like we’re all here,” the Benefactor said as he fixed his tie. “Shall we begin?”
“You look like shit,” Principle said.
“It’s been a long rough night,” the Benefactor replied.
“Why did you call this meeting,” Viper asked. His voice was as cold as the Benefactor’s usually was.
“I don’t want to waste your time; so I’ll get right to the point. Last night the Phoenix and his group completed their mission in Las Vegas; destroying both the Reece and Roosevelt casinos as well as eliminating Sanders and Walters.”
“We already know that,” Militia interrupted.
“Yes, but Agent Peterson was found by one of our men at the Roosevelt moments after it blew up. We didn’t plan on him being there until much later; which means someone leaked the info to him.”
“It wasn’t any of us; if that’s what you’re implying,” Militia snapped as he slammed his fist on a table; shaking his camera.
“I’m not accusing any of you of anything. The group encountered someone from my past and I believe he’s using them to get information on our little project.”
“That’s your problem and you need to fix it,” Viper shouted; his voice getting angrier by the moment. “We put you in charge of this group and we trusted you to keep them in line. I suggest you get control of them immediately.”
“Do whatever is necessary,” Militia replied. “Or we will.”
The four squares combined into one as each member of the Committee exited the chat; leaving a picture of the Benefactor and his family. He stared at the screen wondering if everything he worked hard for was about to come crashing down on his head.
The Benefactor ran his fingers through his hair nervously while looking at the clock on his computer. “Where is he? I told him to be here by eight with the paperwork.” The Benefactor exited his office and waited in front of his secretary’s immaculately organized desk. There were any papers or folders anywhere, but rows of nail polish and stacks of magazines that sat next to her phone.
The door opened behind him; causing the Benefactor to jump back clutching his chest.
“Sorry sir,” Agent Fields said. He was dressed in a black suit carrying a steel briefcase.
The Benefactor grabbed him by the jacket; bringing Fields inside and shut the door. “Did you find anything?
Fields opened the briefcase and pulled out a thick folder filled with papers. “This is everything I could find.”
The Benefactor thumbed through the pages. “Is this what I think it is?” Agent Fields nodded while the Benefactor read each email.
“They copied every mission briefing and sent them to Tino Arcana via email.”
“How do you know they sent it?”
“I installed a mirror program on their computer before giving it to them. Everything they did and sent on that computer was backed up on a separate file that I could access remotely.”
“I knew there was a reason I hired you for our team. Were you able to see who sent them?”
“Not directly, but I believe Mr. Lancaster sent them. He’s the only one with phone records and text messages sent to Arcana.”
“Then we need to move onto Plan B.” The Benefactor led the way into his office; stopping at his desk. The Benefactor took out a black leather briefcase, removed a sealed envelope and handed it to Agent Fields.
“You know what to do.”
“Fields broke the seal and read the contents. He flashed a devilish grin as he returned the papers to the folder. “I’ll need two extra men, a set of blueprints, and…”
“Don’t worry; you’ll have everything you need.” The Benefactor handed Agent Fields a cigar from the oak humidor that sat on the window sill. “Come back here when the mission is complete and we can enjoy one of these together.”
“Yes sir.” Agent Fields ran from the building; nearly running over the busty blond strutting up the walkway.
The Benefactor poked his head outside his office as his secretary put her purse down on the reception desk.
“Ah Joyce, perfect timing. Come in and close the door. I need some stress relief.

Chapter 81
It was late afternoon when we arrived back on Long Island. It may have only been a few weeks, but to me it felt like a lifetime ago. I could still smell the beautiful scent of the beaches as we crossed the Throgs Neck Bridge; taking me back to the summers where I sprawled out on the beach to tan, played volleyball or jumped in the cool water to go swimming. I spent many of those summers sharing a blanket with Lilly. But at that moment, I wondered if I would ever get that chance again.
The Hummer pulled up in front of a bordered up house; followed by a red Corvette.
“I think this will look a little suspicious,” Mike said pointing at the Corvette and the house.
“Go around back and watch out for the neighbors,” I replied as I helped unload the truck. “We’ll park around the corner once we have everything inside.”
Erik and Natalya carried their bags to the back of the house followed by Mike and Joe that brought the bulk of the luggage. 
“You okay,” I asked Lilly as I caught her staring at the house. It was a large baby blue house with wooden planks covering the doors and windows.
“Huh? Yeah, I’m fine. Let’s get back there before the others destroy the place.”
We walked through the large white gate; finding Mike and Joe ripping the wooden planks off the back door with a crowbar, a hammer and screwdriver.
“Can’t you do that quietly,” I asked. “We don’t need the neighbors calling the cops.”
“How else are we supposed to get in there,” Joe asked sarcastically. “As if you couldn’t tell, there’s no way in.”
Lilly pushed them aside and pulled a key out from under a loose brick. “How about we use this?” Lilly unlocked the door and pushed her way into the house.
“How’d you know that was there,” Erik asked.
“I used to live here genius. Now, do you plan on standing out here all day or do you want to go inside?”
The team entered the house, but I stayed back; feeling a vibration in my pocket. I searched for my cell; finding a text message from Arcana.
Andrew, I know you have questions about Peterson being at the Roosevelt. He tracked you down with the information I gave him to talk to you about working out a deal for your group. You need to trust him. He stopped the police from going into the casino when your team was on their way out. We know you’re in New York and should be arriving shortly.
I read the message again. “They’re coming to New York.” How did they know we were here? Only the six of us and the Benefactor knew of the arrangement and was something I refrained from disclosing in the email to Arcana.
Mike held the door open and watched me reading the message. “What’s going on?”
“Just got a text from Arcana telling me they were coming here soon.” I pulled Erik and Joe from the kitchen. “I need you to move the cars now. We have company on their way.” Erik and Joe ran to the street and quickly moved the cars.
“What do you mean they?”
“I guess Arcana and Peterson, but I never told them we were coming back to New York. Maybe the Benefactor was right; someone’s leaking info.”
“Relax, no one leaked anything.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I told them to come here.”
“What? Why would you do that?”
Mike shut the door and took me back behind the shed. “I owed Peterson for saving our ass at the Roosevelt.”
“Owe him for what? All he did was distract the police.”
“And he took out three guards when we ran out of ammo. We’d be dead right now if it wasn’t for him.”
“I trusted you.”
“Then start trusting my judgment. I’ve sat back taking orders from you and the Benefactor the last few weeks. I’ve done everything you asked. Now I’m asking you to keep an open mind and hear Peterson out.” 
“Fine, but we do this as a team.”

Chapter 82
We sat around an empty semi charred house all afternoon.  All missions had been completed and there was nothing more to do except wait for the Benefactor to send one of his men to pick Lilly up. According to my count, we had until the morning.
We were stuck inside the house; fearful one of the neighbors might recognize us from the photos and sketches that plastered all over the news. The boarded up windows concealed our movement in the house, but also made it impossible for us to see without a flashlight.
Joe wiped the dust and ash off the marble counter top and jumped onto the cleaned spot. “You know, this wasn’t what we imagined when we signed up to be part of your little group.”
I knew what he meant. We were used to being on the run; living in at least a two star motel. “It’s just a brief stop. I’m sure we won’t be here for long.”
“Yeah, but this isn’t like our usual safe house either,” Mike interrupted. “I mean, we usually meet with Agent Fields before and after the missions and haven’t seen him since we left Burbank.”
We looked at each other. “You don’t think…”
We never discussed what Agent Fields did in between missions or why we never saw him in Vegas; we never had a chance to. Instead a loud knock on the back door startled us.
Erik and Joe raced to the back door; drawing their guns and point them at the silhouette of a tall thin man.
I pushed their weapons down towards the floor. “Relax, it’s just Arcana. 
“Erik placed his gun on the counter and kept it pointed at the back door. “You mean the producer? What’s he doing here?”
“They needed to talk to us face to face.”
Lilly rounded the corner; entering the kitchen. “Don’t tell me that Peterson guy is with him.”
Mike stepped in between the group. “Chill, they’re here to talk; not to bust us.”
“I’ve spent years making sure we never went to jail for anything,” Natalya began. “So excuse us if we don’t want to take any chances.”
“He saved us in Vegas; we owe him one.” Mike pulled his gun and squatted behind the counter; pointing it to the back door. “That doesn’t mean I trust them a hundred percent.”
“Fine, hold your positions.” I opened the back door and greeted Arcana.
“Is it okay for us to come in,” Arcana asked.
“I don’t know; you tell me.”
“We came here to work a deal for you and your group.”
“Fine, but he comes in unarmed.”
Arcana waived at a black SUV across the street. A man in a suit exited the driver’s seat and approached slowly with his hands in the air.
“The Phoenix,” Peterson muttered. He extended his hand, but I knew better than to shake a hand of someone I didn’t trust. He might have helped us in Vegas, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t working an angle to bring us all in the first time we turned a blind eye.
“Inside, let’s go,” I commanded.
Peterson entered first; keeping his hands up in surrender.  Mike popped up behind him and placed the barrel of his gun into the crook of Peterson’s neck. Joe quickly patted him down.
“He’s clean.”
I closed the door immediately. “Sorry, I hope you understand. We couldn’t take any chances.”
“I’ve been hunting you and your team for nearly a month and a half. I don’t blame you for having some trust issues. But I assure you I’m here to help.”
“So I keep hearing. Arcana has been pleading for me to listen. You saved two of my friends and convinced one of them to give you a chance. So please, lay it out on the table. Why are you so interested in helping us out?”
“I’ll get straight to the point. We all know Arcana has history with the Benefactor. We want to bring him down for good.”
“What else do you know about him,” Mike asked as he took a seat on the counter.
“I know everything Arcana knows.”
“Then what’s his name,” Erik asked.
“It’s not that simple.”
“Why not?”
“Because they know if we find out who the Benefactor is, it’ll change how we deal with him.” I knew this was the underlying reason. You didn’t need to be psychic to figure it out. This was a master game of chess and we were just the pawns. The Benefactor was king of one side of the board while Peterson was the opposing force.  
Peterson nodded his confirmation. “Has he told you why you’re back in New York?”
“He only told me we were here to ensure Lilly made her flight. She leaves from J.F.K tomorrow. Then one of his men will be by to take us to our final mission.”
Arcana appeared disgruntled.  “He’s moving towards his endgame. We need to help get Lilly out of the country and bring him down before it’s too late.”
“I can provide protection until the wheels hit the ground,” Peterson replied as he reached for his phone.
Arcana placed a hand over the screen. “You can’t use any agents for this. His men will be watching. If they see another agent on the plane or at the airport, they might try something.”
Arcana unfolded a piece of paper from his pocket. “What if we can guarantee her safety? Would you be willing to help us bring down the Benefactor?”
“Only if we get out of this with full immunity.”
“I can’t guarantee that. You and your team have killed sixteen civilians, caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in property damage, three counts of arson, kidnapped six people, and killed a government official.”
“None of them were responsible for that,” I replied. “I take full responsibility for everything.”
“I’m going to forget I heard that,” Peterson said while shaking his head. “This whole conversation is off the record to begin with.” He paused; trying to think of a way to help the group out. “I’ll do my best with those deals, but I can’t promise anything right now.”
I looked to Mike who nodded his head. I could hear his thoughts telling me he would stand with whatever decision I made.  Lilly stood next to me; grabbing my hand tightly.  Her eyes spoke volumes, but the only words that mattered at the moment were screaming for me to take the deal.
“You get Lilly out of the country with immunity and work out plea deals for us, and you have my full cooperation.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Better get to it buddy,” Joe snapped while pointing at his wrist like it had an invisible watch on it. “Time’s ticking.”
Arcana and Peterson bowed out through the back door and disappeared.  
I placed my hand on Mike’s shoulder.  “I could use a drink right about now.  How about you guys?”

Chapter 83
I knew Lilly’s time with us was set to expire in the morning, but we wanted to give her a proper sendoff. They only fitting place was the bar we considered home; the Ace of Spades.
The bright neon sign illuminated the street while the cold surrounded as we waited out front.
“You guys go in first,” I said to Erik, Joe and Natalya. They entered the bar without drawing attention and sat at a nearby table.
Mike reached for the cool handle as Lilly placed her hand on the door; preventing him from entering. “Please don’t draw attention to us tonight.”
 “What do you mean?”
“I mean, no sexy time tonight.”
Mike glared at us as if we ruined his night. “I’m not an idiot. I know we need to keep a low profile.” Mike flung the door open allowing us to enter quickly and find a table in the corner away from the crowds. We placed our jackets on the chairs before walking up to the bar.
“What the hell are you guys doing here,” Ryan gasped as we sat down. “The police have been down here every week; checking if anyone’s seen you.”
I didn’t know how bad the backlash of Christmas had been. I figured the police broke into my apartment in search of me or any evidence. I knew they questioned my friends and family about me and where I hung out. But I never imagined they would constantly harass Ryan and the regulars at the Ace of Spades.
“I’m sorry for all the trouble,” I said realizing the problems I brought to our favorite hangout. “It was never our intention to cause any of this to fall on you or the bar. What can I do to make it up to you?”
“You can start by telling me what happened. Did you really kill your parents? Are you really this Phoenix guy everyone’s talking about?”
“It’s complicated. Trust me; the less you know the better.”
 “After everything I’ve been put through, you owe me a story. Lucky for you; I have all night to hear it.”
I didn’t want to involve Ryan in any of this. He was always good to us over the years, but he was right. It was our fault the police have been coming by every week. He deserved an explanation.
“I think it’s going to call for a lot of drinks. We’re sitting in the corner booth.”
“I’m guessing you guys want the usual?”
“Yeah and whatever these three want. They’re with us.”
Ryan was quick with the beers and made my rum and coke before walking us over to the booth. I was hesitant to tell him anything at first, but after a few drinks the information spewed out like a drunk woman on a Friday night. I told him everything from the government hiring us, to Arcana and Peterson aiding us on our last mission.”
“What did you get yourselves into?” Ryan downed a shot of Patron along with the rest of the group. “If I knew what you guys were planning that night, I would’ve knocked some sense into you guys. You need to find a way out and fast.”
“I’ve been working on that.” It had been my goal since I killed my father and Mona. I never wanted to be labeled a killer and I never wanted to work for the Benefactor, but I was never given much of a choice.
 “No, I mean you should find a way to get the hell out of the country. You’re wanted by the F.B.I. It doesn’t matter if you’re working with Peterson or not. If anyone brings you in, your team is facing some serious charges.”
“I’ve considered that. I already made arrangements for Lilly to leave tomorrow. Once she’s gone, we’re supposed to be given our final mission. Then the running and hiding will finally be over.”
“I hope for your sakes you’re right” Ryan finished chugging his beer and looked at everyone’s empty bottles and glasses. “How about another round for the road?”

Chapter 84
 We nursed our drinks for an hour as we reminisced about our favorite moments from the bar. But just like every night, the laughter died down; the drunks paid their tabs and the bar emptied. My eyes remained focused on the clock; watching the hands tick away the remaining time I had with Lilly, and leaving us with an unknown mission hanging over our heads.
Natalya drove us back from the bar; watching us stumble up the driveway to the back door. We clicked the power buttons on our flashlights; finding a blown up air mattress, several pillows and blankets waiting in the living room along with a note resting on top.
I figured you and Lilly might want some alone time before she leaves. Might as well be comfortable. Enjoy!
Arcana
Natalya peaked over my shoulder and appeared to have read the note. She smiled and shooed the others away. “Come on guys.  I think we should go for a food run.”
“But we’re not hungry,” Joe replied. Natalya threw her hands on her hips and gave him a stern look. “Oh on second thought I’m a little hungry.”
“I could eat,” Mike said.
“That’s no surprise,” I whispered to Lilly.
“Hey, I heard that.”
“Heard what? I didn’t say anything.” Lilly and I laughed and hid it when he turned around again.
“Have fun guys,” Natalya smirked. She shoved the guys out the door and heard it lock from the outside.
We dragged the bed into Lilly’s old room; thinking it would be better than being where everyone else planned on sleeping. Her walls were painted with blue waves and beige sand. A crack in the boards let the moonlight sneak into our private getaway; creating a perfect setting.
Lilly grabbed my hand; leading me to the bed. “I don’t want this to be the end.”
“It won’t; I promise.”
Her beautiful brown eyes were hidden behind tears.  Her hands shook as she raised them to her face. I wiped away the tears and stared deeply into her eyes. I knew all we had was a few short hours left. I wished there was a way to end this now and spare Lilly the pain of saying goodbye or the fear of starting over. She would have to begin a new life without any contact from her friends or family. No way to know where her team went or if we were still alive.
“What are you waiting for,” she asked before pulling me into kiss; leaving a burning fire igniting from my lips and quickly coursed through my body.
She showed more passion and intensity in one kiss than I ever felt in my life. Her hands kept me close; not allowing me to move even an inch away from her. We fell to the bed; refusing to break our embrace. Her hands stopped shaking. Instead, Lilly was in control. She made sure there were no mistakes, or laughing at our own stupidity.  We were completely in sync; making it an incredible night. The memory we needed in order to survive.

Chapter 85
Lilly knew this would happen one day. She thought it was going to happen a month ago when Andrew was first contacted by the Benefactor. She was sure the guys were going to force her to stay behind, but was surprised when Andrew didn’t resist her lea to let her come along.
Lilly kept her head rested on Andrew’s chest; their naked bodies lay entwined on an air mattress with just a blanket covering them. She knew her time was up; that her worst fear was about to come true. The sun was rising; peeking through the cracks in the wooden planks on the window. Lilly heard the team come back in the middle of the night, and now she would have to say her goodbyes to them and the love of her life.
Lilly crawled out from Andrew’s arms and picked up her clothes from the floor; quickly dressing in the dark. She found the small piece of paper Arcana left the night before and wrote a letter to Andrew in an attempt to say how she truly felt.
Drew, I couldn’t bear to wake you and go through a long tearful goodbye. I wouldn’t be strong enough to walk away if we did. Tell the group I hope to see them again one day. Leaving is the hardest thing I could do but you were right; it’s too dangerous for me. I’ll find a way to let you know where I’m staying. Until then, we’ll let last night speak the words I can’t bring myself to say. I love you baby; come back to me soon.
Lilly
She placed the note on her pillow before exiting the bedroom. Lilly entered the living room; finding the team passed out in a pile of blankets and pillows; surrounded by food wrappers and napkins. The smell of old burgers and fries made the room smell like they worked at a fast food restaurant and hadn’t showered in weeks.
Lilly glanced at the kitchen; seeing a shadow of a man standing at the back door. She bit down on her bottom lip and took small steps as she walked into the kitchen. She reached for the handle of the door; shaking nervously as her fingers touched the cold painted metal doorknob. 
“Morning Miss Henderson,” Agent Fields greeted with a smile. “His blond hair was tossed aside and was sticking up in random spots. “Grab your bags; it’s time to go.”
“Where am I going?”
“You have a flight leaving for Dublin in two hours.”
“I’m going to Ireland.” Lilly’s eyes lit up at the thought of going to one of her dream vacations, but quickly saddened knowing she couldn’t share it with Andrew. “Will I ever see my friends again?”
Mike raised his head from a pillow in the living room as he reached for his cell phone.
“That’s not my place to say.” Agent Fields reached for Lilly’s duffle bag and sword. “I can take those. I need to collect all of your weapons before we arrive at the airport.”

Chapter 86
It took them nearly an hour to get to the airport. Agent Fields used his badge to push Lilly to the front of the line at the check-in counter and at the security check point. As soon as the plane was ready to board, they were the first ones seated.
Lilly stared out the window; wishing things were different.  She thought of Andrew waking up; finding the note and being crushed by her words. There wasn’t an easy way to say goodbye, but it was the best way she could do it. Lilly stared out the window of the plane; imagining the life she wanted with Andrew.
She pictured them waking up in a beachfront house; holding each other as their kids busted into their room for breakfast. They would walk downstairs together and make pancakes, waffles, bacon and eggs, or whatever the kids wanted. They would spend the day playing with the kids at the beach; showing them how to build a sand castle or burry each other in the sand. But unfortunately Lilly knew this wasn’t going to happen. Not now, and most likely not ever. Within minutes the plane was in the air. The seatbelt sign dimmed as they leveled off.
“Excuse me,” Lilly said with tears in her eyes. “I need to go to the bathroom.”
Agent Fields stood up in the aisle; allowing Lilly to pass.  The sign above the door said occupied in red. She waited outside the door; trying to contain the river running from her eyes. As she stood there, a hand reached around the curtain; covering Lilly’s mouth and pulled her into the back.
“If you stay quiet, you might have a shot at making it off the plane alive,” a man whispered. He slapped a pair of handcuffs around her wrist and placed a gag in her mouth. “Sit here and don’t move.” 
It had been several minutes since Lilly went to the bathroom which caused Agent Fields to become highly suspicious. As he raced towards the stalls, a short red headed woman stood up; blocking him from reaching the bathrooms.
“Out of the way,” Fields barked.
“Excuse me,” the woman shouted; making sure everyone could hear her. “How dare you talk to me like that?”
“Watch your tone lady. I’m a Federal Agent.”
“Yeah right, and I’m the Queen of England.”
Fields pulled out his badge and showed it to her. “Now, out of my way; I need to check on something.” He stormed to the back of the plane and found the bathrooms empty. He pulled back the curtain and found a woman lying on several bags.
“Lilly,” he gasped as he rushed over to her seemingly unconscious body. He found her bound and gagged. Before Fields could remove the gag or call for help, he felt something slam into the back of his head. He tumbled to the floor; looking up at a blurry image of a man and the woman he met in the aisle.
“What are we going to do,” the woman asked.
The man held a gun over Agent Fields. “Take your seat and let them know it’s done. I’ll take care of him when we land.”

Chapter 87
It was a sick stabbing pain in my stomach that woke me. It felt like a knife digging into my sides. I sat upright; checking my body for any wounds; realizing it was just a dream. My eyes drifted back to the empty bed; finding only a note resting on Lilly’s pillows.  
Despite her reasoning, a big part of me wanted her to wake before she left. I wanted to tell her how much I loved her; to tell her I was a fool for following the Benefactor and that I should have listened to her. But she was right; it would be too hard to say goodbye. A tear trickled down my face as I folded the note, placed it in my pocket and brought my bags into the living room.  
The group gathered around; collecting their bags and dropping them in the kitchen.
“What’s going on,” I asked.
“We’re getting ready to leave,” Erik replied.
“Some guy in a suit woke us up a few minutes ago. He said he worked for the Benefactor and was about to move us to another location.”
“What? Why didn’t anyone wake me?” Everyone avoided direct eye contact. “I’m not going to fall apart without her. We have one mission left and we’re done.”
“Come on,” Joe shouted. “Do you really think he’s going to just let us go? Wake up; he’s stringing you along. We’re stuck working for him until he’s done with us.”
“He’s right,” Erik continued. “Even if we stop with the missions, there are too many deaths on our hands. He’ll make someone take the fall for all of it.”
A part of me knew they were right. I didn’t know if I could trust the Benefactor to hold up his end of the deal. But in all fairness I didn’t know if I could trust Arcana and Peterson to pull us out without all of us going to jail either.  
I heard a loud noise causing us to conclude our conversation. The kitchen door slammed shut. Standing in the doorway was a blond man in a suit. I expected it to be Agent Fields, but was shocked when he stared at me with his large dark eyes.
“You must be the Phoenix,” the man said. “You can call me Agent Lucasio. I’ll be your escort to New York City and to the final mission.”
“Our mission is in New York City,” Mike asked.
“No, just the safe house. We’ll be going over the mission there and transporting you to the mission when the time is right. I suggest you finish packing and load the truck. We leave in ten.”

Chapter 88
The sun peaked through the morning clouds as we pulled up to a hotel. It’s massive structure towered over us as we exited a black van onto the cold wintery streets of Manhattan while we waited for Agent Lucasio to open the emergency exit.
“I gotta bad feeling about this,” Mike whispered as the side door popped open.
“Hurry up, before someone catches you,” Lucasio said.
We followed Agent Lucasio up three flights of stairs and down the hall to an unlocked room; finding a pair of perfectly made full sized beds sitting opposite a forty five inch TV. The old wooden desk had a small stack of folders on it; guarded by a man dressed in all black with sunglasses and black sports jacket.
“Come in and have a seat. We have a lot to go over in a short period of time,” Lucasio commanded.
Erik and Natalya sat on the bed closest to the desk, Mike and Joe took the second bed; leaving me to stand with my arms folded.
“You need to look over each of these files very carefully.  They contain everything you need for the final mission.”
The whole team crowded around Erik and looked at the top folder. Our eyes nearly popped out of our heads as we saw the first picture. 
“You gotta be joking,” Mike shouted.
“It’s a suicide mission,” Erik continued.
“Nevertheless, it’s your mission. Your team uncovered Intel at the Mason estate about a month ago connecting them to a terrorist overseas. The information we uncovered also incriminates the President of the United States.”
“So you expect us to assassinate the President,” Joe asked.
“Not quite. The Benefactor wants to build a case against him and get all the information we can get from the President. The problem is if he catches wind of what’s going on, he will bury all of us and the accusation. It will give him a chance to think of a credible way to explain his actions and he will be free to carry on without being brought to justice.”
“So what do you expect us to do,” Natalya asked.
“You will invade the White House and take the President hostage. Once we have him in custody, you and your team will be brought to the airport and sent out of the country.”
I threw the file on the bed and stood nose to nose with Agent Lucasio. “Like Erik said, it’s a suicide mission. There’s no way to get in and out undetected.”
“The Benefactor has several men working Secret Service detail. They will help get you in and out of the building. I suggest you spend the day reading the files. I’ll have food sent up in a bit.”
“What if we want to walk around,” Joe asked.
“Keep a low profile and stay out of trouble.”

Chapter 89
We sat in the hotel for nearly fourteen hours before I snapped. Our living conditions were not ideal. Five people stuck inside a single room with nothing to do other than watch TV, order room service, or reading the files for the fiftieth time were not our idea of passing the time. It was an inconvenience for the others; not for me. I was too busy focusing on what we were missing; what I was missing
Every time I thought about Lilly, I felt a searing pain and tightness in my chest. “I need to get out of here!” My body shot up from the bed and stormed towards the door.
Mike threw his body in the way; blocking my exit.  “You’re not going anywhere. We need to stick together.”
“Yeah, you heard them before,” Natalya said. “We just need to stay in for the night. Besides, it’s not that bad being stuck here all day.”
I threw my hands up in defense; knowing they couldn’t understand what I was going through. “I can’t; I need to go. I just need to be alone to clear my head for a bit.”
“Then one of us is going too.” Erik nodded to Mike; knowing he was the best choice.
“No, I’m going alone.”
Mike hesitated before stepping aside; letting me escape the hotel as if it were a prison that kept me confined with the rest of my cell mates. 
I hurried downstairs; keeping myself hidden from the cameras as I exited the hotel onto the cold windy New York City streets. My thoughts carried me away from the hotel; wondering if we would still be in New York if I didn’t make the deal for Lilly to leave. Maybe if she stayed, we could have had a romantic date night under the stars in Central Park or just walk around aimlessly under the bright lights. 
All the happy possibilities were erased the moment I let her get on that plane. I knew the chances of me seeing her again were slim to none and the chance for us to share a romantic night in New York would never happen.
“I shouldn’t have let you go,” I muttered as I leaned against a brick wall. I turned around to see a dim lit bar called O’Malley’s behind me. I couldn’t think of a better way to numb the pain.
It was nice; crowded yet strangely peaceful. There were plenty of tables and chairs for people to hang out if they wanted to grab a bite to eat and booths for large crowds to have drinks with their friends. The bar had several men standing at it; hoping for a chance to grab the attention of the young beautiful red head behind the bar. I could tell they wanted nothing more than to get in her pants for one night.
“What’ll it be,” the young red head asked in a thick Irish accent. I could see why the guys were drooling over her. After all, it’s not every day you meet a woman from Ireland in New York City.
“Tequila.”
“Sounds like someone had a bad day.” She reached for the shaker and filled it with ice. “How many ya want?”
“I’m not in the mood to chat; just keep them coming till I say stop.” I watched her pour a large amount of tequila into the shaker and pour some into a shot glass.
“Suit yerself, but I’ve been told I’m a good listener if ya change yer mind.”
I waived her off and took the first shot; feeling it sting as the liquor slid down my throat. It had been a while since the last time I had tequila. I slammed the shot glass on the counter; letting the bar tender fill it up immediately. 
As I reached for my second shot, I noticed a small group of women dressed in short skirts, low cut tops, and pant suits. They caught the attention of several men huddled together; no doubt discussing who was the hottest girl at that table and how easy it would be to nail her.
I took the second shot; feeling it go down a little easier.
“Yer ready for more,” the bartender asked. I shrugged off her question; pushing the glass towards her. She took another two shot glasses next to mine and filled all three up. “That should last ya a bit.”
I downed all three in a row; drowning myself even more. Each one felt smoother as it slid down my throat.
“Wow, you look like you could use someone to talk to,” a soft woman’s voice said. I turned around to see one of the girls from the table standing next to me. She had curly black hair, a black button down blouse and grey dress pants.
“I’m sorry, do I know you?”
“No, but you do look familiar.” Her eyes searched my face; hoping to remember where she knew me from.
“Sorry, I’ve never seen you before.” I turned back to my empty glasses; wondering if she saw my face on the news. I held two fingers in the air to the bartender.
The woman drew closer putting her hand on my arm as she gave me an infectious smile. “Really, because I swear you were checking me out a few minutes ago.”
“You’re definitely mistaken,” I chuckled.
The bartender slid into view with the shaker and poured its contents into two shot glasses. I grabbed the first, but found the second missing.
The woman kissed me on the cheek. “Thanks for the drink. I’m Amber by the way.”
I couldn’t believe how rude this woman was. Amber was pushy and full of herself. She interrupted me and stole my drink. But at the same time, she took my attention away from Lilly’s departure.
“You know what?” I wanted to lash out at Amber, but decided not to make a scene. “You’re welcome. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to cash out.”
The bartender placed a piece of paper in front of me. I whipped out a wad of cash from my pocket.
“I wouldn’t flash that kind of money around here,” the bartender said. “Walking around with that’s a sure way to find yerself some trouble.”
“I’m counting on it.” I placed a hundred dollars on the counter and stumbled out of O’Malley’s.

Chapter 90
The cold night air hit me instantly. Every breath felt like a shard of ice slid down my insides. I wanted nothing more than to be with Lilly at her house; locked in a tight embrace with the covers pulled over our heads. I was angry. I’ve wanted to be with her since we first met and it was because of the Benefactor’s agenda that I lost my one and only chance to be with her.
I reached into my pocket to pull out my phone and dialed Arcana only to get his voicemail.
“I don’t know why you’re not answering. Where are you? I need to know Lilly’s somewhere safe.” I took a deep breath. “Anyway, we’re hitting our target tomorrow. We’re attacking the White House and taking the President into custody.”
“I knew it,” a soft voice shouted behind me. “I do know you.” Amber followed me out of the bar. Her grey dress pants and frilly black blouse did nothing to keep her warm as she rubbed her hands up and down on her arms; trying to gain some warmth.
“Go back inside to your friends,” I replied. “It’s cold out and you don’t want to know me.”
She frowned and reached for my hand. “Come on; one drink won’t hurt. Besides, I owe you one.”
I didn’t know what she wanted from me, but I wasn’t in the mood to find out. I ripped my hand away from her. “Sorry, maybe next time.”
I heard the door to O’Malley’s open; thinking Amber finally got the hint, but turned my head when I heard a man’s voice.
“Finally, I was hoping I’d find you out here.” It was one of the men staring at Amber’s table. His devilish grin told me he thought this was his chance to get some.
“Can I help you with something,” Amber replied with a look of confusion and repulsion.
“I’ve been watching you all night; hoping I would get a chance to steal you away from your friends for a bit. How about we go back inside and I get us some drinks?”
“No thanks; I’m about to go home for the night.”
“Then let me offer you a ride home.”
I knew this guy wasn’t going to let up. He was persistent; reeking of desperation as he pursued Amber. I laughed to myself; thinking this was karma for harassing me just moments earlier, but something bothered me about this guy.
“Come on baby; it’s cold out here. Let me get you in my nice warm car and I’ll take you home.”
“No, I’m fine.” Amber turned to walk away but the man grabbed her hand. “Ow, let go; you’re hurting me.”
I hurried back down the block; finding the man with his hand wrapped tightly around Amber’s wrist.
“There a problem here,” I asked.
“Nope, no problem at all,” the man sneered. “Just a misunderstanding between me and my girlfriend.”
Amber’s eyes were explosive when he heard the man call her his girlfriend and struggled even more to get free. “Get the fuck off of me asshole.”
I grabbed the guy by his jacket and shoved him up against the wall next to the window. “I believe the lady said for you to let her go.”
“Back off pal this is between me and her.”
“No, now it’s between you and me.” I pulled the man off the wall and forcefully shoved him back; making a thud sound as the back of his head collided with the bricks.
Amber wrenched her arm free from the man’s grasp and stood by as I placed my arm on the man’s throat; restricting his airways.
“I suggest you go back to your loser friends and get lost. If you see either of us again, you better run the other way or else I’ll finish what I started here tonight.”
“Stop,” Amber shouted as she pulled my arm away from the man’s neck. “He might be a creep but he’s not someone you needing to be punished by the hands of justice.”
My head snapped to see Amber. She knew exactly who I was; even understood our message. I turned back; slugged the man in the face and left him sitting on the floor outside O’Malley’s.
“Forget you saw any of this,” I told Amber as I walked away at a brisk pace. I could hear the echo of her heels hitting the pavement; trying to keep up.
“Shit,” Amber shouted as she stumbled out of her shoe. She took both off and ran down the block after me. “I know you’re the Phoenix.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I know it’s you. I saw the look in your eyes a minute ago.” Amber grabbed the back of my jacket; stopping me from going any further. “Can you just stop for a minute and hear what I have to say?”
“No, you need to forget me.” 
“No way; I’ve been covering your story since Christmas.”
“So you’re a reporter. Well, I’m not in the mood for any interviews. Good night.” I started to put more distance between us.
“I think what you’re doing is great.”
Her words were like chains; binding me to an invisible wall. I was in shock to hear anyone say those words after the things I was forced to do. 
“Why would you think that? I’ve killed people.”
“Because I did my research on the victims. I know what Governor Levi and the Mason family did to deserve what you did to them.”
“Then why not bring the information to the police or put it in the news? I’m sure everyone would love to know how the Phoenix chooses his targets.”
“If I said anything, it would have looked like a conspiracy theory orchestrated by a young female reporter trying to make a name for herself.”
“Then I guess you have your next story. I’m sure your editor will be thrilled with your interview with the Phoenix.” I continued down the block; hearing the small sound of footsteps behind me.
“I’m glad you’re putting an end to these criminals.”
I wrestled out a light smile. “It’s good to hear someone besides us feels the same way. Too bad the police, the F.B.I. and the President don’t see it that way. They want us brought in dead or alive.
“I hope for your sake that doesn’t happen.”
I couldn’t help but laugh at finding someone that believed in us the way we did at the beginning of our journey. Surprisingly, this random woman that stole a drink from me at the bar was smarter and had more guts than most people I knew. She didn’t know me or my story, but she understood my mission.
“I’m sure I’ve given you more than enough for your article; so I’m going for good now.”
“Wait,” she grabbed my hand and placed a card in it. “Call me if you need anything, but remember I want the exclusive.” She placed her black heels on her feet and walked back to the bar.  
I stood there looking at her card. “Amber Fergusson, reporter for the Post.” I didn’t know if she was playing me just for the story or genuinely cared. It didn’t matter. In a day it would be all over.
I stumbled back to the hotel and found four people with bags over their heads being pushed inside a white van. Before I could run after them, I heard the click from a hammer being pulled back on a gun; feeling the barrel rest on the back of my head. 
“Relax Mr. Lancaster,” Lucasio’s voice said. “We’re just moving your team tonight. This is just a precaution.”

Chapter 91
Complete darkness. That’s all we saw for four hours. We didn’t dare risk talking to each other; knowing someone would be listening to every word. Our bodies were tightly strapped to a padded bench and wall, but it didn’t stop us from bumping into each other with every wide turn.
Lucasio opened the doors; letting a brisk wind flow into the van. “Alright team; we’re here.” 
We were plucked from the van and brought inside an unfamiliar building. I knew there were at least two men guiding us.  Agent Lucasio was barking orders from the front of the group while another man pushed us if we fell behind.
“It’d be easier for us to walk if we could see where we’re going,” Joe snapped.
“We’re almost there,” Lucasio responded. “We’ll take off the hoods in a minute. We heard the click of a hotel door opening. “Come on in gang.”
I could hear loud thumps surrounding us. I hoped it was our bags and not more dead bodies. That was the last thing I wanted to see at that point.
“You can remove their masks,” a cold voice echoed.
The two men unlocked the handcuffs first; allowing us to remove the black hoods that shielded our view for so long. We used our arms to block out the early morning sunrise.
“Where are we,” Joe asked.
“Look for yourself,” the Benefactor’s voice said calmly.
In the distance, we could see a massive structure that we only saw in text books and on TV. We stood a mile and a half away from the White House.
“So sorry I couldn’t be there in person,” he continued. “But we’ll be seeing each other very soon.”
“What do you want us to do,” Mike asked.
“You know your mission. Once it’s complete, you’ll return here and we’ll take him into custody.”
“So that’s it? We kidnap the President and we’re done?  We’re free?”
“I believe that’s the deal I made with your friend Mr. Lancaster. I’m sure he will be very eager to reunite with his girlfriend.”
“Where is she,” I shouted.
“She’s safe. You need to focus on this mission if you want to see her again. I suggest you and your team get some sleep. You have a long day ahead of you.”

Chapter 92
My mind was filled with the same excitement, anticipation and anxiety I felt on Christmas. I tossed and turned for an hour; breaking the silence filled room with repeated creaks from the springs.  Lucasio’s lackey sat at the desk watching over us. I guess they wanted to make sure we didn’t try to make a run for it. But let’s be honest.  Where did they really think we would go?
I pretended to finally fall asleep, but kept my right eye open enough to see the agent flipping through the morning paper. I carefully slid my cell from my pocket and sent Arcana a text.
Mission today; we’re a few blocks from the White House.
“Get up,” Lucasio shouted as he threw the door open.” You need to be ready in ten.”
I looked down at my phone. “He wants the mission to begin at 10am?”
“The President should be in the Oval Office any moment. His children are away at school and there will be a shift change coming up.  This is the perfect time to get through the security checkpoints and enter the building. I suggest you look over the blueprints one more time”
The team looked around the room; still half asleep.  
“How the hell are we supposed to function right now,” Joe asked while rubbing his eyes.
“We need to be awake and alert guys,” I replied. “One screw up and we’re done.” I looked down at my phone once again.
Andrew, we need more time. You need to stall.
I wanted to trust Arcana; believe that he and Agent Peterson would show up with the evidence needed to put away the Benefactor, but at this point I didn’t have a choice.  
“Let’s go. We don’t have all day,” Lucasio shouted.
They crammed us into the back of a black SUV. The windows were tinted; shielding us from any onlookers or security guards. The two agents were dressed in their black suits with sunglasses on.
The SUV pulled up to the front gates where Agent Lucasio flashed his credentials to the guards. They waived us through effortlessly as we pulled up in front of the White House. It was bigger than I imaged. The American Flag hung from a flag pole in the distance; reminding us what this country was founded on; freedom. I was hoping that would be what we would get out of this mission.
We were greeted by another agent that spoke into a cufflink as we approached. “The package is here. I’m bringing them in now.”
My stomach lurched with pain again, but I chose to ignore it. We were about to begin our final mission and couldn’t let morning indigestion or lack of food get in the way of our success.
“You’re on,” Lucasio shouted from the driver’s seat.
The agent on the front steps was joined by another as they ripped open the SUV doors. “The President is in the office and will be alone for the next hour.”
“What about his wife and kids,” I asked.
“The kids are at school and the First Lady is away on business. There shouldn’t be anyone around to interrupt you.”
“And what about his security detail?”
 “We have two men on the inside and the rest of the Secret Service are scattered around the building.”
I looked back at the others. “This is it guys,” I whispered as we checked our weapons. “Time to get our freedom back.”
We rushed inside the building; checking for the guards and finding no sign of any security. 
“I know the Benefactor has his pull with Federal Agents,” Joe began. “But there’s something seriously off about this. I don’t see anyone around.”
There was an eerie feeling in the halls of the White House; almost as if someone was watching; waiting for us to slip up.
“Here’s the plan,” I stated firmly. I pointed to Erik, Joe and Natalya as we rounded the first corner. “I want you three to keep a lookout while Mike and I break into the Oval Office.”
“You sure that’s a good idea,” Erik questioned.
“We have some business to handle with the President,” Mike replied as he nodded his head repeatedly.
Natalya pulled me by my black shirt. “Look, I don’t know what you’re planning to do in there, but you better not screw this up for us. I’ve spent years pulling off jobs with these two and never got caught once. I don’t plan on today being the first time we do.”
“I have a plan to get us all exonerated. I just need ten minutes alone with the President. I can get Peterson on the phone to explain things to him and…”
“Do what you need to do,” Erik whispered. “We’ll cover you out here. But if shit hits the fan, we’re outta here.”
“Just make sure no one else gets inside that room but us,” Mike commanded as we continued down the hall until located the Oval Office.
I exchanged looks of gratitude with my team; wondering if they truly knew how much their help meant to me. They joined the Revolution to aid and protect me only to end up at a fork in the road on our journey.
We cocked the chamber back on our guns as Mike and I burst into the Oval Office; aiming our weapons at the President of the United States.
“What the hell is going on here,” President Mason shouted in fury. “Who are you people and what are you doing in my office?”
Mike forced his gun into the President’s face. “Mr. President, with all due respect I suggest you calm down and have a seat. We only need a moment of your time.”
President Mason kept his hands raised and eased himself into his chair. He lowered his hands slowly; resting them on the desk.
“Mr. President, my name is Andrew Lancaster; the man you know as the Phoenix.” Mason’s eyes widened as he was ready to burst with anger. “We were ordered to take you into custody by our leader; the Benefactor.”
“Is that name supposed to mean something to me?”
“It might after I say my peace.” I lowered my gun; placing it in my waistband as a sign of trust. I motioned for Mike to do the same.
“You have my attention,” Mason said calmly as he watched Mike lower his gun.
“Just before Christmas I was contacted by a member of the U.S. Government. This man laid out a proposal to aid the nation by getting rid of people who needed to be brought to justice.”
“And you both felt my family needed to be brought to justice?” Mason scoffed at the thought. “Those were my cousins. They have been upstanding citizens living in Texas for…”
I waived him off; not caring about the deceased members of his family. “We were provided Intel on each of them; linking them to various crimes and in a few cases they were linked to a known terrorist.”
“How dare you say that?”
I reached into my bag and threw the Mason mission briefing on the President’s desk. “You can look for yourself.”
He skimmed through the pages making disgusted horrified faces with each passing member of his family.
“And what do you expect me to do with this?”
“I hope to work out some sort of arrangement with you. We give you everything on the Benefactor and we get extradited to another country.”
The President mulled over the options; wondering if we were being on the up and up with him. “Alright then, who is this Benefactor?”
Mike cleared his throat loudly. “Sir, we regret to inform you that he never disclosed his real name to us. We only knew him as the Benefactor.”
“Uh huh; so you expect me to believe someone from inside our government instructed you to kill all of those people including members of my family and the Governor of Florida? And you come to me seeking my help to leave the country and in return you give me information about your leader who you don’t even know his real name?”
“I understand your skepticism, but we have been working with two men to bring a case against the Benefactor. They know his real name and are headed to Washington to bring us the information. We were forced into this mission today; to take you into custody, but instead we look to you for help.”
There was a loud commotion outside the Oval Office; followed by the crack of gun being fired in the distance. Mike and I swung our attention to the door; thinking Secret Service would be barging through at any moment.
The President pushed himself away from the desk and removed a small handgun from under his desk; finding it pointed in Mike’s face.
“Hello Mr. Lancaster,” the President said with a cold calculating voice and devilish grin. “We meet at last. Let me introduce myself. I am the Benefactor.

Chapter 93
I expected to hear those words, but not delivered with a mocking tone from the President. We stood defenseless with a gun pointed in our face; feeling betrayed by the man who hired us. Of course it was the President. It made perfect sense; the unlimited weapons, the easy access to buildings and information, the Federal Agents, even the ranch house in Texas. A part of me thought the President had some involvement. I was a fool to think otherwise.
“I told you we would finally meet today,” the Benefactor cackled. His eyes were filled with hate and malice as the Oval Office door swung open. We reached for our guns instinctively, but found a pair of Secret Service Agents directing their weapons at us. “I’d put your guns down if I was you. You’re considerably outnumbered.”
“Are you okay Mr. President,” the agents asked.
“Yes, now please escort Mr. Santangelo from the room. Put him with the others.” The agents disarmed us; placing Mike in handcuffs before dragging him out of the room.
“You see, I’ve always had the upper hand.” President Mason savored the moment as he circled his desk; keeping his gun locked on me. “I’m so disappointed with you. You could have been something great. Instead, your treachery has placed a death sentence on your team’s freedom. A pity you had to let your emotions get in the way.”
My mind was running rampant with too many questions stampeding through my head.
“How long have you known?”
President Mason laughed as he placed a hand in between my shoulder blades. “I’m sure you have a lot of questions. Please, have a seat and I’ll do my best to answer in the short amount of time you have left.”
“No thanks, I’d rather stand.”
“That wasn’t a request; move.” I could feel the gun resting in the crook of my neck; knowing his finger was itching to pull the trigger. I threw myself in the chair opposite the President’s desk. “To answer your question, I’ve known since your meeting with Arcana. Such a pity you chose the wrong man to trust. You had so much potential. There was plenty of room for your team within our organization.”
“What organization?”
“Did you really think I was the only one pulling the strings? There’s actually quite a few of us; a Committee if you will.”
“You expect me to believe there are more of you out there?”
“There are plenty that banded together that wanted to redesign the political and judicial structure of the U.S. Government. Your group just happened to be the first step in that process.”
“So you had us kill all of those people to push your political agenda? You just wanted to keep a tighter grip on the country?”
“Yes and no. Every one of your targets were guilty of the crimes I accused them of. Every bit of evidence was legit. We wanted to rid the world of all the evil people. Everything was working perfectly until you betrayed us.”
“So if I didn’t confide in Arcana and Peterson, we would be free right now?”
“Yes, to a degree. You and your team would no longer be hunted. You would have been kept at one of our facilities and taken out of the country until we needed your team again.”
“I knew it. You lied to us. You told us this was the last mission.”
“That was the original plan. We didn’t anticipate how good your group was. You helped us uncover additional Intel at the Mason Estate which helped us discover a deeper connection they had to a terrorist organization overseas called the Whittman Agency. We decided to keep you employed until they were eliminated. Your little girlfriend would have been kept safe; even let you visit her while you worked for us, but now all that has changed,”
“Lilly,” I gasped. “Where is she? What did you do to her?”
“Let’s just say she never made it to her destination.” My heart broke as the President told me how Agent Fields took her to the airport; flew with her the entire way and killed her on the way to her safe house in Ireland. 
Everything I worked so hard for crashed down on my head in a matter of minutes. It was in that moment I understood what the sharp pains I felt meant. I clutched my chest again; feeling the pain of losing Lilly for good.
“It’s that kind of emotion that caused you to make the wrong decisions,” Mason said as he pulled the hammer back on the gun. He hesitated and pulled away as he heard loud bang and pops; making the hallway sound like the Fourth of July fireworks show.
In that moment I knew the cavalry had arrived.

Chapter 94
Gunshots echoed the halls of the White House as a troop of Federal Agents stormed the building with Agent Peterson leading the charge.
It was just the distraction I needed. President Mason’s attention was diverted just long enough for me to make my move; charging him while knocking his gun to the floor. The war was on and I needed to end it fast.
I tackled the President onto his desk; watching spin away from us on the floor. I threw Mason to the ground and connected with two rights to his jaw. I could see the gun was only a few feet from us, but my left leg remained pinned under the President. I started to crawl; inching my way closer to the handle until I felt the pressure release from my leg. I hurried to the gun, but felt a stiff kick connect with my ribs; hearing something crack as I clutched my side in agony. I could hear the bullets getting closer to the Oval Office; picturing the White House turning into an oversized piece of Swiss cheese.
“Didn’t have enough yet,” President Mason spat. He squared himself; driving his foot with full force into my ribs two more times as if he was punting a football in the Super Bowl. His aim was precise; hitting me just under my broken rib with the last kick flipping me onto my back.
“Good, I want to see your face when you die,” Mason laughed as he retrieved his gun. He placed his foot on my sternum; placing most of his weight on it. I couldn’t move and knew my life was about to come to abrupt stop. He dangled the gun above my heart with his finger resting light on the trigger; ready to pull at any moment.
My eyes blurred from the sharp shooting pain in my chest, but swore I saw something silver streak into the room and slammed into the President.  There was a deafening blast and a searing pain as the bullet pierced the upper portion of my chest near the left shoulder. The weight was no longer crushing my ribs.
My eyes sealed shut as I clutched my chest. It was a pain I never felt before.
“We need a medic in here,” a woman’s voice shouted as her silky smooth hand covered mine. “Andrew’s been shot.”
I opened my eyes and though I was seeing an angel sent from heaven to get me. “Lilly,” I gasped. It was the only word I could say. My wounds were making it harder to breathe and I was sure I would die in her arms.
“I’m here Hun. Help is on the way.” Lilly nervously scanned the room; finding Agent Peterson placing a pair of handcuffs on the President. “Where’s the medic?”
“He’ll be here any second,” Peterson replied while applying pressure to the stab wound he received courtesy of Lilly and her sword.
I lifted my head slowly, “He said you were…”
“He tried, but Arcana made sure I was safe. He made sure there were a few allies on board to make sure I got home alive.”
“Who?”
“He contacted Faith and your brother Steve. Arcana and Peterson told them everything and said they needed their help. They took down Agent Fields while we were flying and Peterson had the plane rerouted back to New York.”
“How did they…”
“Shh, you need to save your energy. I’ll tell you everything later. Right now we need to get you to the hospital.”
A pair of medics entered the room. One tended to my gunshot; the other the President. They loaded me onto the gurney and escorted me out of the White House with Lilly by my side.
It was finally over. The mission was complete. I helped take down the Benefactor, made sure Lilly was safe and I was back in her arms. But something didn’t feel right and Lilly’s face faded quickly.

Chapter 95
The hospitals in Washington D.C. were unusually busy that day. There were a dozen reported cases of gunshot victims; many of whom were Secret Service Agents sworn to protect the President. Several men posed as agents were handcuffed to hospital beds or chairs in the waiting room; being closely monitored by Federal Agents. But the staff focused on two patients in particular. One was the President of the United States and the other was the man responsible for eighteen deaths.
“He’s waking up,” Lilly shouted from my bed. Her voice was heard over all the nurses barking orders from the hall.
“What the hell happened,” I groaned.
“You were shot.” Lilly grabbed my hand tightly. “You’ve been in surgery for the last four hours.” Her eyes filled with tears. “You were in there so long. They said there were complications. We didn’t know if you’d make it.”
I could feel the agonizing pain rush through my body. I reached for my left shoulder, but was restrained by the handcuffs; keeping me from moving too far.
I opened my eyes to see Lilly sitting next to my bed. “Lilly, you’re alive. I thought I was dreaming.” I managed a smile through the intense pain. “What happened to the others?”
“They’re fine; just a little banged up. They’re out in the waiting room. I’ll let them know you’re awake.”
Lilly started to pull away but I held onto her hand tightly; refusing to let go. “Tell me what happened.”
“After you left the message on Arcana’s phone, Peterson called every Federal Agent he trusted to help us storm the White House. We caught the Benefactor’s men off guard and surrounded them outside the Oval Office. Joe was the only other member of our team that was shot.”
I tried to sit up; expecting to see the others any moment. “Is he okay? Where was he hit?”
Lilly laughed and placed a soothing hand on my chest. “Joe will be fine. He was shot in his rear.”
Tears were streaming down my face; mostly from the pain but also from the image of Joe being shot in the butt. “I always said he was a pain in the ass.” We laughed at Joe having to sit on the cushion doughnut and limping around from being shot in the ass. Lilly helped me wipe the tears from my eyes as our laughter died down. “Did Peterson say anything about the immunity deals?”
Lilly frowned and stared back at the door. “Peterson excused Erik, Joe and Natalya due to the lack of evidence against them. I was given full immunity because I didn’t kill or hurt anyone. They said the kidnapping and accessory charges were dropped for helping them bring down the Benefactor and for my future testimony.”
“What about Mike?”
“Peterson is working on one for you and Mike, but it’ll take some time. The Vice President and Peterson are briefing Congress about the Benefactor’s little project to officially impeach the President. We have to wait for the Vice President to be sworn in before Peterson can work a deal for you.”
My hospital room door opened; letting a heavy set nurse enter with a small file in her hand. “I’m sorry sweetie; you need to step out for a few minutes so I can check his vitals.”
I held on tightly to Lilly’s hand as I felt it slip away.
“It’s okay,” she said softly; placing her hand on mine. “I’ll tell the team you’re awake.” She kissed me passionately; a feeling I never thought I’d feel again. “I’ll be right outside.” Lilly exited the room; leaving the nurse hovering over me.
“How are you feeling Mr. Lancaster?”
“I’m in a lot of pain.”
“Maybe I can help with that.” She injected a syringe into my IV; causing me to feel incredibly drowsy within seconds. “You put up a hell of a fight, but now it’s time to put the Phoenix to rest.”
The nurse in charge of taking care of me had been hired to kill me. I wanted to scream, but felt my eyes become too heavy to keep open. The monitor continued beeping; getting weaker by the second until they flat lined.


Epilogue
It had been two years since the man known as the Benefactor, the former President of the United States, was arrested for treason and the murder of Andrew Lancaster. Although the man behind the group the Revolution was behind bars, the conspiracy over Project Justice remained an open investigation.
In two years the group known as the Revolution was pardoned for their crimes and was ready to celebrate a joyous occasion. The guests arrived just before sunset on the warm summer day in Bayville. The white chairs sat in the sand facing the waves as they rushed towards the beach. The sun lingered in the air as if it intended to stay around just for this occasion.
The music queued; drawing attention to the wedding party walking down the brick path to the flowered archway. Erik and Natalya walked out first. They smiled while the guests took pictures. Joe and Lilly’s best friend Amanda walked down the aisle next; forcing Joe to smile for everyone’s enjoyment. 
“This just feels wrong,” Joe whispered to Erik as the groom’s niece and nephew trotted down the brick path. 
“It’s been two years. She was bound to move on.”
“Yeah, but it just seems wrong.”
The Maid of Honor strutted down the aisle; catching Joe and Erik whispering to each other. “Keep your traps shut,” Faith snapped as she passed.
The music blared loudly; causing the guests to stand and turn back towards the restaurant as Lilly walked down the wooden steps in a beautiful white dress. She was joined by her father and Mike as she marched towards the archway.
As the priest began the ceremony, mixed emotions engulfed the crowd. Lilly stared into the piercing blue eyes of her soon to be husband; feeling the warmth of the sun gazing upon her. 
“Do you Lilly take Daniel to be your husband; to love him and cherish him; in sickness and in health; for richer and poorer all the days of your life?”
She hesitated; thinking of Andrew and how much he wanted her to live a full normal life even if it meant she wasn’t with him.
“I-I do.”
“Do you Daniel take Lilly to be your wife; to love and cherish; in sickness and in health; for richer and poorer all the days of your life?”
His hypnotic blue eyes stared into Lilly’s big brown eyes and said emphatically, “I do.”
“If there is anyone who can show just cause as to why these two should not be joined in holy matrimony; speak now or forever hold your peace.”
Everyone looked around; wondering if anyone would speak up in Andrew’s name. Her friends wanted to speak up, but respected Lilly’s decision to move on with her life.
“Then, by the power invested in me by the State of New York, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
Lilly felt Daniel’s lips smother hers, but all she could see was a vision of Andrew Lancaster lying on a metal slab; surrounded by machines. His eyes popped open as he gasped for breath.

###
Thank you for taking the time to read The Phoenix Blade: Project Justice. Please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer and check back for more titles for The Phoenix Blade series.
Thanks
Andrew Hess

