BOOK ONE OF THE VISIONS SERIES

NIGHT VISIONS


PART 1

CURSED

Melissa Alvarez writing as
ARIANA DUPRÉ


NIGHT VISIONS is now released as a serial, which means that it was divided into separate parts that are sold individually. This is the FIRST of four parts.


Please visit the author at:
www.MelissaA.com

Smashwords Edition, Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

By purchasing an eBook from Adrema Press, you are stating that you are fully aware that legally, you can save one copy of the purchased eBook to floppy or CD for your own personal use. However, it is illegal to send your copy to someone who did not pay for it. You may not distribute the eBook that you paid for to other people by using email, floppy discs, zip files, burning them to CD, selling them on any type of auction/bidding website, making them available for free public viewing or download on any website, offering them to the general public offline in any way, or any other method currently known or yet to be invented. You may not print copies of your downloaded book and distribute those copies to other persons. Doing any of these things is a violation of international copyright law and would subject you to possible fines or imprisonment that go along with electronic piracy. It also deprives authors of their fair royalties. The publisher appreciates your support of the author’s rights.


Serial Copyright © 2014 by Melissa Alvarez writing as Ariana Dupré
Adrema Press, North Palm Beach, FL 33408

Part I Serial ISBN 13: 978-1-59611-115-8
Print ISBN 13: 978-1-59611-107-3
Published by Adrema Press: February 2011, Previously published elsewhere in 2004, 2008

This novel was originally published elsewhere but has been revised for the current release with Adrema Press.

All Rights Reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information or retrieval system, is forbidden without the prior written permission of both the publisher and copyright owner of this book. For information address Adrema Press. 

All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone, living or dead, bearing the same name or names. They are not even distantly inspired by any individual, known or unknown to the author, and all incidents are pure invention from the author’s imagination. All Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Prologue

Slayton Homestead, Southern Central Virginia. August—early 1800s
 
The blistering heat of the midday sun was no match for the fire burning within Theodore Slayton. Thunderheads rose in the crystal blue sky, a sure sign of turbulent storms to come. Not even a driving rain would cool his angry suspicions. 
Small puffs of dust rose around the hooves of the dappled gray stallion fidgeting beneath him. Theodore clasped his legs against the horse’s body to still the animal as he studied his overseer’s house. 
He adjusted his wide-brimmed hat and squinted into the sunlight. This two-story home would be his undoing, he was sure of it. 
Theodore inhaled the still air, so thick and hot it hung like a weight inside him, adding to the heaviness already in his heart. 
Glancing down the dirt road, he saw Mary, his wife of three months, running toward him. He gripped the reins tighter. Why hadn’t she listened? He’d told her to stay at the main house while he confronted Clyde. If the rumors he’d heard were true, she was putting herself and their unborn child in danger by coming here. 
Her wild impulsive streak would get her into trouble one day. She could be a spitfire, that Mary! She’d always said, “You’ll be mine Theodore. One day I’ll make you love me as I love you. You’ll see.” Now she had his heart. No doubt she thought she could protect him. The woman had such daring, such boldness. She was a handmaiden, beneath his status in the eyes of the community, but she had the spirit of a queen. The love she felt for him, the loyalty and devotion—it was a small wonder he felt like a king among men. 
A moan escaped through the open window on the second floor, disrupting Theodore’s thoughts. His body went rigid and he pressed his lips together. He knew that sound well—a woman in the throes of passion. He glared at the window, his jaw clenched. 
He’d talk with Mary later. Right now, there were more urgent matters. 
The growl vibrating in his chest threatened to become a full-blown scream of fury, but he pushed his anger down, struggled to remain silent. I need proof. There would be hell to pay if he found his younger sister Ruby inside with Clyde. 
He glanced down the road at his beloved. He must surprise them before Mary arrived. 
Theodore dismounted so quickly his horse shied. He didn’t bother to tether the animal before he slipped into the house and began to climb cautiously up the wooden stairs. 
When he reached the bedroom door, he stopped. He knew in his heart what he would find. Was he ready to face it? 
He gathered his courage, twisted the knob and stared through the partially opened door. 
What he saw enraged him. 
No woman would ever tarnish the Slayton name again. His grandmother, in her youth, had done that job quite well enough, taking every man she fancied to her bed. It took years for the Slayton name to gain respect again, after the damage she had inflicted on the family reputation. Theodore would not allow his sister to repeat his grandmother’s mistakes. 
“I love you, Clyde.” 
His sister’s throaty words exploded inside Theodore’s head. He slammed the door back against the wall. His voice boomed, deep and ominous, belying his small stature. “You love him, little sister?” 
Ruby’s eyes widened in shock. “Theodore!” she gasped, pulling up the cotton blanket to cover her nakedness. 
Clyde leaped out of bed to face Theodore’s rage silently. His eyes, narrowed with contempt, the only indication of his feelings. 
“You only love him as Grandmother loved her men!” Theodore’s voice pulsed with fury. “Get away from my sister, Clyde, and leave my property at once!” 
“No.” Clyde’s voice was eerily calm. His steady gaze locked with Theodore’s even as he grabbed his pants, jerked them on and fastened the buttons. “Ruby and I belong together. You can’t make me leave.” 
“I’m the owner of this estate,” the other man snarled, advancing toward Clyde. “You work for me. Now get out.” 
An insolent smile curved Clyde’s lips. He took a step closer to Theodore, stopping the other man in his tracks. “You sold this house to me. I’ll quit, but I’ll never leave my home.” 
“Then I’ll make you pay for spoiling my sister’s reputation and our family name.” Theodore charged, fists swinging. 
Clyde stepped out of the way to miss the blow. “You’ll make me pay?” He laughed derisively, “You’re half my size. You’ve got it wrong—” 
Theodore swung again. Clyde pushed him away. 
The smaller man crashed against the edge of a table, scattering its contents, before hitting the wall with a loud thump. Immediately, he doubled over and fell to the floor. His voice, when it came again, was low, “Curse you both!” Then his eyes closed and he became eerily silent. 
“Oh, no,” Ruby whispered, turning wide-eyed to her lover. “You’ve killed him!” 
“I didn’t push him hard enough to kill him,” Clyde responded, struggling to keep the worry out of his voice. He looked at Ruby. The shock in her pale face was unbearable, so he turned his gaze back to her brother. “He’s out cold, that’s all.” Pulling on his shirt, Clyde kept an eye on Theodore. He can’t be dead. 
“I’m not a murderer, Ruby,” he said, his tone anxious. He walked over to where Theodore lay in a crumpled heap. “Get up,” he ordered, pushing the smaller man’s shoulder with his foot. 
Theodore’s limp arm thudded against the wooden floor. Mumbling, he shifted slightly. 
Clyde squatted down. “What did you say?” His brow furrowed at the sight of Theodore’s pale skin, the slow trickle of blood that oozed from the corner of his mouth. 
Theodore turned his head and stared up at him with a look of pure hatred, but Clyde saw the life ebbing from his glazed eyes. 
No! Not this… Panic filled him. Please. Don’t die. 
With great effort, Theodore spoke louder. “I’ll haunt you—I swear you will pay…” He grimaced in pain as death claimed him. 
Clyde stared at the smaller man’s chest, waiting for the steady rise and fall that never came. Finally, he pressed his fingers against Theodore’s neck. He looked at Ruby. “There’s no heartbeat,” he said in a choked voice. 
“Are you sure?” Ruby shuddered as she got out of bed and quickly stepped into her dress. 
Clyde frantically searched for any sign of life in Theodore. Picking up the man’s wrist, he pressed his fingers to the pulse point. Nothing. He hung his head. “He’s dead, Ruby.” 
He stood to shove his feet inside his boots, was silent for a long moment, as his mind raced. “We’ve got to think this through,” he said at last. “I could say I found him in the woods, thrown from his horse—an accident.” He turned toward her. “When I tell you about it, later, when other people are there, you’ll have to act surprised and upset. Do you understand?” 
“Yes, I understand,” she replied, her voice hollow, tears streaming down her face. Aimlessly she searched for the sleeves of her dress while staring at her brother’s body. “He died thinking that I’m like Grammie. I wish we had told him that we got married.” 
Clyde heard the helplessness in her voice, saw the pain in her eyes and rushed to her side. He ran his hands down her arms to steady them before he twisted the fabric that hung around her waist to reverse it. 
Trancelike, Ruby allowed him to dress her, then stepped into her shoes. She stood in silence as Clyde’s trembling fingers fumbled with the small buttons on the back of her dress. 
“We’ll only keep our marriage secret a little longer. You know we didn’t tell Theodore because he’d never approve of you marrying me, his employee, even though he did the same. He wanted you to marry into money.” 
When the last button was in place, he slipped his arms around her waist, pressed his face into the long brown locks that cascaded over her shoulders and held her tight. “Are you all right?” 
“No, Clyde, I’m not.” Her voice was flat, empty of emotion. “How can I be all right, when my only brother’s dead?” 
Clyde held her close. “I’m sorry, Ruby. I’m so very sorry. I never meant—” How could I have killed anyone, especially my wife’s brother? He took a step away from her. “Go wait for me outside. Please.” 
Without looking back, Ruby left the room. 
Sighing deeply, Clyde lifted Theodore’s lifeless body over his shoulder and followed her. Outside, he laid the corpse over the dappled gray stallion. His wife was already halfway down the dirt road that led back to the main house, so he led the heavily laden horse into the forest alone. 

***
When the hoof beats faded, Mary moved from behind the hallway curtains. She had darted behind the thick green fabric just before Ruby entered the hall. If Clyde could kill Theodore so easily, surely he’d do the same to me and my unborn child. They must never know that I witnessed Theodore’s murder. Her face stained with silent tears Mary caressed her abdomen, the last link to her husband. 
“Theodore,” she whispered in anguish, then stepped into the bedroom where, just moments before, her one true love had met his end. 
Water from a white washbasin dripped down the side of the small table and splattered against the matching pitcher overturned on the floor. The bed was disheveled, the sheets a rumpled mess. 
If only I’d arrived a few moments earlier, Mary thought miserably, I could have done something, anything, to save him. 
“My love, my life,” she choked between agonized sobs. She knelt on the floor where Theodore had fallen, murdered in cold blood. Her stomach twisted and curled, threatening to release itself. “Why did this happen?” Her body shook with the depth of her sorrow. “You’ll never even know our child, Theodore,” she whispered through her tears. 
How could this have happened? She had never known her own father and now that joy had been taken from her baby in a manner so horrible she almost couldn’t bear it. 
Too exhausted to cry any longer, she dropped her head into her hands. What would happen now? Ruby and Clyde were each in their own way cruel, despite what Theodore thought of his younger sister. Separately, they had already hurt her family in ways she could not forgive. Now this. Who knew what other terrible things they would do as husband and wife. 
“I’ll make them pay,” she said to the empty room, her voice forceful and distinct. She raised her head high and wiped her tear-stained cheeks with her fingertips. 
I swear…you will pay… Theodore’s dying words echoed in her mind. 
Only one person could help her now. She stood, walked out of the house and headed for the woods. 
The lush greenery of the forest streamed by as she ran. The squirrels twitched their tails and scuttled out of her way. She barely noticed the woody scent of pine or the fragrance of wildflowers in her hurry to reach the cave. 
She had approached this clandestine place once before, but fear had made her run for home. She knew the rumors that were whispered everywhere. The gypsy witch would grant you favors, but the price was very high—part of your soul was demanded in return. 
Mary paused to catch her breath beside the stream that flowed alongside the cave. In her grief and desperation, she was sure its gurgling song whispered her name. 
“Come inside, Mary,” a low voice vibrated from the inky blackness. 
Mary stiffened in alarm. Thieves were known to hide in the woods. “Who are you?” She stepped back, surprised that her voice sounded strong and clear. 
“The one you seek. No thief am I.” 
A wave of uneasiness washed over her. How had the voice known what she’d been thinking? She hesitated, thought of Theodore and knew that this time she had to go inside. She willed her feet forward and cautiously entered the dank, dark cave. 
Cool air caressed her sweaty skin. The cave’s musky scent sent a rippling shiver and then a shudder through her. As her vision adjusted to the darkness, she focused on the glimmers of candlelight flickering along the rocky crevices in the walls. A stone table grew upwards from the earth. On top were four unlit candles set apart in an imaginary square. Inside the square were a white candle, a large empty bowl and several small bowls containing what looked like salt and herbs. 
Mary stared at the table. Fear struck a chord inside her. She’d made a mistake in coming here. Suddenly, a scratchy hardness bumped against the back of her knees and she whirled around. She saw no one, but a hand-hewn wooden chair sat on the ground behind her. 
“I’ve been waiting for you.” The disembodied voice filled the cavern. “Please rest. Running is dangerous for the child you carry.” 
Mary searched the shadowy depths. Where was the owner of this smooth, measured voice that surrounded her? It was as if the cave itself spoke her innermost thoughts. 
“How did you…?” With a slight waver, she sat on the edge of the chair. “Are you the gypsy witch I seek?” 
“Yes, I am the one, Mary. I already know your secrets. I know you want to make the lovers pay for killing the father of your child.” 
Mary’s mouth dropped open, her pulse quickened and her gaze darted nervously about. Glancing back at the table, she noticed a double-edged knife lying beside the bowls. Had it been there a moment ago? At the sight of it, she fought against the desperate feeling to flee this evil place. 
No, no! Clyde and Ruby must pay. She grasped the edges of the chair with both hands in anger and called out, “Show yourself!” 
“Say what it is you ask of me.” 
“A curse. A curse on those who killed Theodore Slayton.” 
“There is a price, Mary.” 
Her head dropped. Her pockets were empty. “If it’s money you want, I have none with me,” she said. Sighing heavily, she stood to leave. 
“It isn’t money I require.” 
The rumors came flooding back and Mary’s heart quaked. Did she dare ask? “Then… What?” 
The gypsy witch stepped from the shadows into the light and stood insolently in front of her. 
Mary gasped. Her hands flew to her mouth to silence the scream that threatened to burst from her. She scrambled backward into the darkness, to hide. “You’re…a…” Her mind whirled. This couldn’t be right. 
Candles flamed to life around her. 
Speechless, Mary gazed up at the gypsy seer. 
He was gorgeous. His long hair, the color of a raven, fell across his shoulders. His white shirt hung open to expose a tanned and muscular chest. His unblinking smoky gray eyes scorched into hers, as if he could look right into her soul. The candlelight danced over his handsome features. Opening his mouth slightly, he ran the tip of his tongue sensuously across his full lips. 
Mary stared in disbelief. “But… You’re a man!” 
Hadn’t others who visited this cave told her she would find a woman here? She searched the recesses of her memory, suddenly realizing that she’d never heard anyone describe the gypsy witch. 
“Surprised?” The seer’s tone was arched. 
Mary ignored his question. She had already experienced so many terrible things today and now this… 
It was too much. Her emotions were spinning out of control still Theodore must have his revenge. 
Stay strong, Mary. Fearing for her soul she asked, “What do you require in payment?” 
“A kiss.” 
A kiss? A wave of dizziness buckled her knees, her body swayed. Kiss the devil himself? Kisses were the last thing on her mind. How could she kiss someone else? Her kisses were only for Theodore. But this was for him—she must do this for her husband, whose dying words still echoed in her ears. 
“Is there no other way?” she asked, lifting her chin in defiance. “Do you not wish to take my soul instead?” 
Mary’s body burned under the gypsy witch’s intense inspection, as he slowly looked her over until his gaze finally locked with hers. “A kiss is what I require.” He took a strand of her hair, curling it around his fingers, awaiting her reply. 
Revulsion grabbed at the pit of her stomach at the thought of kissing something so evil. Could she bring herself to do it to revenge her beloved husband? Yet, he hadn’t asked for her soul or her child, only a kiss. “In return, you will curse all those who hurt Theodore Slayton?” 
He stilled and scrutinized her face. “Are you sure of what you ask?” 
In her mind’s eye Mary saw her sister’s mangled body, broken and violated by a group of rogues the day after Ruby had banished her from the farm because she had flirted with Clyde. She saw her mother’s stooped shoulders, weighed down by years of overwork under Clyde’s rule. Then Theodore’s brilliant smile nearly broke her heart. 
“Yes, I’m sure.” 
“You understand this affects several families?” 
“Yes.” 
He released her hair, slid his hands across her shoulders and down her arms until he grasped her hands. “You must be certain.” 
Her body trembled at his touch. “I want them all to pay.” A tear inched down her cheek still she stood tall. “I’m positive.” 
The gypsy witch blinked and all four candles on the table burst into flames, drenching the cave in a bright light. He moved quickly, pulling Mary near. With his free hand, he grabbed some salt from a bowl and sprinkled it on the ground around the table, enclosing them inside a circle. Releasing her, he took herbs from the smaller bowls and dropped them into the large one, chanting words she didn’t understand. 
“What language are you speaking?” she asked. 
“The Romany of my ancestors.” The white candle flickered to life. He turned to face her, a mocking smile played on his sensuous lips. “Now…payment.” 
Mary closed her eyes for a brief moment. “Forgive me, Theodore,” she whispered. 
She went to him, stood on tiptoe to reach his mouth. As she lightly held his shoulders for balance, she felt hard muscles ripple beneath her hands. A brush of her lips against his and she stepped back, releasing him. 
His eyebrows lifted. “That’s it?” 
Mary nodded. “It was a kiss, as you required.” 
“That’s not payment.” He grabbed her around the waist, pulled her hard against his body, held her tight as he crushed his lips to hers. 
Mary struggled against the fire inside him, pushing at his shoulders, but it was no use. He filled her with his unholy passion, until she surrendered beneath him, relinquishing with a deep shudder all the goodness left in her soul. 
He broke the kiss and then stared at her. “That’s payment.” 
Seizing her hand, he ran the knife blade across her spread palm. She screamed in pain. When did he grab the knife? She tried to wrestle free but his grip was relentless. He held her hand above the bowl. Three drops of her blood dripped onto the herbs inside. Only then did he release her. 
She pressed her bleeding hand against her breast, her pulse throbbing through the wound. The gypsy witch reached over and in one deft movement sliced off a lock of her hair. 
“What are you doing?” She cried out, grabbing at the shortened strand. 
“This is the curse you place on all who harmed the one you love. You are the main ingredient. One drop of blood for each of the three who can break the curse, a lock of hair and spit bind the potion together. Now spit.” 
“What?” 
“Spit in the bowl, Mary.” 
She did as he commanded, then wiped her chin with a sleeve, her gaze glued to his blazing eyes. 
Once more, he took her bloody hand into his own and placed the mixing stick in her palm. Wrapping his fingers around hers, he slowly stirred the potion. He closed his eyes and spoke in a soft songlike lilt. 
In answer to harm done to you, 
I put a curse on love that’s true. 
Never shall the lovers gain, 
Instead to them comes only pain. 
Until the three shall meet as one, 
All joined by family once unknown, 
The souls of those who live today 
Shall walk the lands and never stray. 
Mesmerized, Mary watched his eyelids flutter open. He lifted the stick from the bowl and laid it on the table. Taking a handful of potion, he sprinkled it over the candle flames and closed his eyes again. 
The gifts of sight I now bestow, 
The virgin shall dream, the sister shall know. 
To the secret one I give, 
Visits from others who might have lived. 
Two hundred years, no more, shall pass, 
Before these three find true love at last. 
When the three bind blood to blood, 
The curse I place shall turn to love. 
The souls I capture by my hand 
Will then be free to leave the land. 
But if true love is never found, 
The souls will ever walk the ground. 
When at last the time’s at hand, 
They will meet in the circle of trees you plant. 
Then they shall see all that is true, 
Why love was lost, avenged by you. 
The gypsy witch raised his eyelids to look at Mary. His smoky gray eyes were now pitch black. The four candles on the table dimmed then went out. He reached over, snuffed out the white candle and picked up the double edge blade. 
Mary cringed. 
He whispered more words of his ancestors, then, bending down, he placed the blade into the earth and cut through the salt, breaking the circle. Straightening, he turned to Mary, then reaching out, he ran the pad of his thumb across her cheek, removing a single tear. 
“It is done,” he whispered. 
Mary blinked and, in the next moment, she was standing in her kitchen, a knife in one hand, the palm of the other cut and bloody. 
How did this happen? She dropped the knife, grabbed a cloth and pressed it to the open wound. As she did so, she recalled the details of the curse and that she must plant a circle of trees deep in the forest. 
She stood for a moment searching her thoughts. She frowned, then shook her head. No matter how hard she tried, she could not remember what the gypsy witch looked like. What difference did it make? She’d carried out Theodore’s dying wish. 
Suddenly overwhelmed from the pain of the loss of her husband, the emotional turmoil of the day and the pain in her hand, Mary collapsed on the floor. Lying there, brokenhearted, she buried her head in the bend of her elbow and let the emotions pour from her, mourning her loss with sobs and tears. Oh, Theodore! You’re gone. You’re really gone. 
Without Theodore, all that was left in her life was sorrow and despair. Not even the thought of her unborn child could console her. 

Chapter One

Old Slayton Homestead—present day.
 
There was nowhere to hide. 
Angie Benton watched the young woman running through the forest. As she fought the brush and bramble, her torn clothes ripped even more. 
She tripped over a tree root and fell to the ground. Quickly, she struggled to her feet while leaves caught in her hair and briars slashed her arms, drawing blood. 
Angie could feel the woman’s terror—like a knife slicing through her own heart. 
Just then a man appeared. Angie, watching from a high perch in the trees, trembled. What now? 
Jaw clenched, eyes narrowed, the man opened and closed his fists repeatedly as he tramped toward the frightened woman. His shirt was unbuttoned, revealing the sweat glistening on his heaving chest. He looked so angry, so hostile. She could even hear the fury in his strong, deliberate footsteps. 
The woman heard him too and looked over her shoulder. 
Angie gasped. The woman’s face was her own! 
Horrified, Angie watched the woman who could be her twin run into a clearing, then pause and look frantically around. She could feel her desperation and when the other woman sprinted across the meadow toward an old shack, Angie experienced a jolt of hope and a burst of energy as she mentally followed her twin. 
Arriving breathless at the cabin, the woman jumped onto the porch, pushed through the broken door and ran into the first room on her left. 
Angie spotted an exit at the back of the shack. She willed her twin to find it and escape that way. Instead, the woman ran wildly through the house in terror, searching for a place to hide. 
Entering the kitchen at last, she didn’t run out the back door as Angie willed. Instead, she crouched in the corner behind an antique hutch. 
The old pine floors creaked as if under a heavy weight. 
Angie screamed, “Run! Run!” But the twin didn’t move. 
The man’s footsteps moved methodically through the dilapidated old shack, searching, slowly, room by room. 
Still her twin waited motionless, until, at last, the footsteps left the house. 
Tentatively, the young woman stood up and glanced around. Inching toward the back door, she looked through the screen and out the side windows, surveying the yard with wide, frightened eyes. 
All clear. 
Cautiously, she opened the door and slipped out. With her back to the yard, she quietly closed the door behind her, then spun around to make a run for it. 
And crashed right into her pursuer. 
A loud whistle pierced Angie’s hearing. What on earth was happening? 
Someone was pulling her from her perch. Someone had a grip on her biceps and searing stabs of pain were shooting through her arms. 
She looked up and stared into the angriest blue eyes she had ever seen. 
Eyes belonging to the man she’d just seen outside the cabin door. 
Her heart pounded. How had she become the woman she’d been watching? 
The man’s sandy brown hair hung over his face in wet strands, its blond highlights still noticeable. Sweat beaded across his brow. He clenched his jaw against chiseled cheeks and he tightened his grip by digging his fingers deeper into the soft flesh of her arms. 
Angie jerked her body violently, but could not break his hold. Wave after wave of terror crashed through her. She had to escape! 
“Angie!” he growled. 
She snapped her head back to look up at his angry face. 
A flash of light in her peripheral vision caught her attention and she turned to see someone, shadowed by trees, leveling a gun at them. 
Angie froze. As if in slow motion, the muzzle of the gun moved until it was pointing straight at her. She heard a booming blast, so loud it hurt her ears. Oh God, I’m going to die, she thought in terror. 
The man with the sandy hair whirled her around, using his body to shield her from the oncoming bullet. Suddenly, his face contorted, his back arched and his grip on her arms loosened, then released, as he fell to the ground. 
Angie watched him land in a crumpled heap at her feet. She’d barely had time to take this in before she felt something hard and cold jab into her back and an arm clench around her neck, forcing her to look skyward. She heard a deep, raspy, laugh behind her as a man dragged her backward, knocking her off her feet with a quick pull, his laughter intensifying. 
Angie struggled frantically with the gunman. She was so desperate, so frightened, that several seconds passed before she noticed that the man who had come between her and the bullet was no longer there. 
Where had he gone? 
The pressure increased against her throat. 
Angie twisted and turned, trying to break free, trying to find the man who had saved her before. 
But it was useless. He’d disappeared and the more she struggled, the more her assailant tightened his hold. 
Then the realization hit her. The sandy haired man was dragging her across the yard. Somehow, he’d captured her. 
A gunshot rang out. 
Fire burned through her chest. The man pushed her and she sank to the ground, feeling her life ebbing away. 

***
Angie’s eyes flew open. She didn’t dare move as she peered into the inky blackness. 
Where was he? 
Who was he? 
Propping herself up on one elbow, she covered her racing heart with her hand. Her nightgown, wet with sweat, stuck to her chest. Even the sheets were soaked. 
The dream terrified her. 
He terrified her. 
Those angry blue eyes, crystal clear and light as the sky, still seemed to be staring at her, so full of intense emotion she couldn’t look away. She tried to swallow but her parched throat tightened until she thought she might choke. 
Shaking her head to clear it, she slipped out of bed and headed through the darkness to the kitchen for something to drink. 
It isn’t real, she reminded herself. It’s just a dream. 
A dream that followed her, tormented her, caused so many sleepless nights, more lately than ever before. And it was always the same. She was an outsider looking in, unable to do anything to help. 
Except this time, for the first time, she had watched herself. That worried her. She didn’t have a twin. 
She reached for a glass, filled it with cold orange juice from the fridge. She drank deeply, then set the glass down on the counter with a thud. 
It would not be like the other times when she had been a dream observer. She simply wouldn’t let it. 
When she dreamed of Aunt Martha’s death before it happened, she’d told herself that it was only a coincidence. And her dream about the accident that left her great-uncle paralyzed? Same thing. And the time when— 
“No!” The sound of her own voice startled her. She hadn’t meant to speak aloud. 
Angie knew the truth in the depths of her soul, but she would not, could not, admit that her “observer dreams” came true. Aunt Martha called them prophetic. But she was wrong. She had to be. 
Angie licked the juice from her lips and glanced at the stove clock. Five a.m. There was no way she would ever fall back to sleep now. 
“Might as well start the day,” she said with a sigh. She went into the bathroom, turned on the shower and peeled off the clammy gown. The scent of lavender soap mixed with the silky warmth of the hot spray had a calming affect, but still the dream haunted her. 
Stepping out to dry off, she tried hard to think of something, anything, other than the nightmare but it consumed her thoughts. Still unsettled, she selected her clothes and dressed, then checked the mirror to make sure everything matched. 
The store doesn’t open until ten, she reminded herself, dabbing lavender perfume behind her ears and on her wrists. I could complete the jewelry inventory and submit reorders. 
The house creaked and she jumped in fear. 
“All right, that’s it!” she yelled at the walls. No way is this stupid dream going to take over my life! 
She wasn’t about to screw up after all the years of hard work she and Aunt Martha had put into The Variety Vine. She would not lose her focus now. Together, she and her aunt had made the store one of Dansburg’s most successful gift shops. She’d practically grown up in the store, until she decided to become an interior decorator—a job she’d given up the moment Aunt Martha willed the business to her. 
Angie picked up a scrunchie, pulled her hair into a ponytail and went into the kitchen. Still thinking about all the work she needed to do at the store—and the dream—she toasted a bagel, then spread cream cheese inside. 
I better go in early, she thought, pushing the dream to the recesses of her mind. 
Grabbing her breakfast and briefcase, she headed out the door. 
***

Angie parked her sport utility vehicle in front of The Variety Vine at exactly six a.m. 
The store had been converted from a family home years ago. “The old Randall house”, people used to call it. Sitting off the road with no other buildings in sight it looked eerie with the sun dawning behind it. A misty fog surrounded the wisteria vines that covered the front porch banister and crept up the round columns to the roof. 
Angie climbed out of the SUV and brushed the breakfast crumbs off her shirt. Grabbing her briefcase, she locked the vehicle and headed toward the store. 
She saw the web, shimmering with sunlight through droplets of dew, just before it touched her face. Too late, she dropped her briefcase, jumped off the steps and frantically pulled the web from her eyelashes and hair. 
“Uugghh!” She shuddered, spotting the spider. “Nasty little creatures.” 
Using a long branch, she removed the remaining web, including the spider and tossed the stick under the tree. 
Aunt Martha’s favorite rocking chair sat on the front porch, gently swaying back and forth. 
That’s odd, thought Angie. How is it moving? There’s no breeze. 
Dismissing the chair, she sorted through her keys for the one to the store, but before she could place it in the lock she heard a voice behind her. 
“Angelina.” 
She froze, feeling a cold chill quake through her body. Impossible! 
“Angelina, sweetie,” the voice said again. 
She forced herself to turn around. 
There in front of her stood Aunt Martha. She was smiling at her as though her ghostly appearance were the most ordinary thing in the world. 
Oh God! Oh God! Breathe Angie! 
She pressed her back against the door and inhaled deeply. Good. Breathing’s good. 
Sweat broke out on her forehead and her stomach clenched. 
Aunt Martha looked beautiful. Her long dark hair flowed unrestrained around her shoulders. 
She never wore her hair like that in life. Well, maybe when she was young, but she always worn it in a bun around me. 
The apparition seemed to be waiting for her to speak, but Angie, her throat tight with fear, couldn’t form any words. Geez…what do you say to a ghost anyway? 
She cleared her throat. “H-Hi.” The word was a mere whisper. 
“Oh, honey, I scared you,” her aunt smiled but made no move to hold or comfort her as she had always done when she was alive. 
“Yes, you did,” Angie said, finding her shaky voice, struggling to remain calm. She couldn’t take her eyes off the woman in front of her, the woman she’d loved like a mother. 
“I’m so sorry. Look, sweetie, I don’t have much time.” Martha’s smiling face darkened. “You must be careful, Angelina. Danger is near.” 
“What do you mean, Aunt Martha?” Angie said frantically, losing the battle for calmness. Why would she, of all people, receive a warning from the dead? 
“Remember your dream and be careful,” Martha replied, her face still serious, her voice low. “Things happen in threes, Angelina. You must be aware of what’s going on around you. That’s all I can say. I love you, sweetheart.” 
“I don’t understand, Aunt Martha.” 
Angie blinked. In that split second, her aunt disappeared. 
She looked to either side of the porch. Nothing. Her feet were frozen in place. Inside she shook with fear. What would come next? 
But no more apparitions appeared and no strange sounds met her ears. The air around her was unusually still. 
Then the realization hit her full force. A real ghost had just visited her! 
Angie turned around quickly and tried to unlock the door. The keys fell from her trembling hands, clanking onto the wooden porch. Scooping them up, she used both hands to steady the key as she placed it into the lock. When it turned she scooted inside, slammed the door behind her and leaned against it. 
Her heart hammered against her chest. She took several deep breaths in a desperate attempt to calm herself. 
Exhaustion. That must be it. Her beloved aunt had died three months ago and since then she had taken on so many new responsibilities. All those late nights and long hours were finally affecting her, causing hallucinations. 
Bewildered, she walked down the hallway. Dropping the briefcase on her desk, she fell into the leather executive chair and then rubbed her eyes. 
“It must be Friday the thirteenth or something,” she muttered, looking at her desk calendar for any reason not to believe in Aunt Martha’s visitation. Monday the eleventh of June. She shook her head to clear it. 
No, she couldn’t dismiss this as easily as she’d dismissed the rocking chair. Aunt Martha had returned to warn her that she was in danger. Angie knew in her heart it was true. What kind of danger would bring her aunt back from the dead? 
Pull it together girl, she thought after several minutes. You have work to do. 
She got up, went behind the register and began taking jewelry out of the storage bins. 
After spreading the pieces across the floor behind the counter, she started counting. At first she jumped at every little noise, but the work was exacting and soon she was immersed in it. 
Slow, deliberate steps thudding against the wooden floor brought her back to the present with a jolt. Had she been so engrossed that she hadn’t heard someone come in? She glanced at the clock on the wall behind the register. Eight-thirty. 
She still had an hour and a half before the store opened and no morning meetings were scheduled. Her brow knit into a frown of concentration as she tried to remember if she had locked the front door. 
She heard the footsteps again, closer now, as though someone were approaching the counter. My God, they sound like the ones in my dream. Angie put her hands over her ears for a moment. Stop it. Stop it! she admonished herself. Don’t be so silly. This has nothing to do with the dream. She closed the storage bins, certain now that she had forgotten to lock the door and would find a customer waiting at the counter. Wanting to look her best, she pulled the scrunchie from her hair and laid it on a shelf under the register. 
“How can I help you?” she asked, as she stood then turned around, wearing her most welcoming smile. 
She was alone in the room. 
“Hello?” she called. “Is anyone in here?” 
She ventured into the hallway of the old house. Her heart beat faster—her palms began to sweat. 
When she saw the man in the art room, his back to her, she froze and held her breath. His build reminded her of the stalker in the dream. He was admiring one of the paintings on display. 
God, Angie, now you’re really getting paranoid. She let out her breath as the panic ebbed. He’s just an early customer. She had left the door unlocked after all. 
“Good morning. Welcome to The Variety Vine. If I can help you find anything just let me know,” she said to the man’s back. 
“This is an exquisite piece,” he replied, admiring an oil painting of a winding river bordered by large trees. The magnificent colors of the changing leaves were captured in the glistening hues of the artist’s paint. 
“I think so too. That part of the Dan River, with those large stones, is near the bypass and Memorial Park. Are you familiar with that area?” 
She waited, but the man didn’t respond. Must be the quiet type, she thought, taking in his broad shoulders and narrow waist. His white tailored shirt was tucked into tight blue jeans that hugged his round behind and long, muscular legs. He stood about six inches taller than her five-foot-nine-inch frame. 
Great body, she thought. Wonder if his face is as striking? 
“Local artists made all the pieces in this room,” she said in hopes that he would look at her. “I like to showcase their work and of course, offer them the supplies they need to do it.” 
He wandered over to one of the tables and, with his back still to her, picked up a picture of Angie, taken by a local photographer. “Interesting,” he muttered. 
Was he responding to her statement or the photo? As he studied it, her stomach gave an odd flutter. 
“Are you looking for anything special?” she asked, rearranging the paints and brushes behind him. Why hadn’t he looked at her yet? Maybe he was just rude. The way he held the framed picture made her uneasy and she really wanted to finish the jewelry inventory before opening the store. 
I’ll just tell him we’re closed and to come back after ten, she thought. Taylor, her assistant manager, would be in then and Angie wouldn’t be alone with this man. 
“No, but I think I’ll take this,” he said, turning to her. 
Angie gasped. The paintbrushes slid from her hands and crashed onto the floor. 
Aunt Martha was right. Everything always happened in threes. The dream, Aunt Martha’s spirit and now—this. 
The blue eyes weren’t angry now, but sparkled with humor as a grin inched toward those chiseled cheekbones. His sandy hair was dry, not wet from sweat, the blond highlights were even more noticeable as strands slipped across his forehead toward his eyes. His lips were full, his nose straight. She hadn’t noticed either of them in her dream. 
Unable to move or speak, Angie just stared at him. 
“You’re the woman in the picture.” It was more of a statement than a question. 
She nodded her head, tried to take a breath and couldn’t. She would suffocate before he could kill her. Her eyes felt like they were going to pop out of her head at any second. Ripping her gaze from his face, she bent down to pick up the paintbrushes only to drop some again. 
He walked to her side and knelt to help her. “I must say, you’re more beautiful in person.” 
Angie used her hair as a shield against him. Her hands trembled, betraying her fear. Maybe he didn’t notice, she thought. When she gathered the last of the brushes, she forced herself to look at him and smile. 
He’s a customer handing me paintbrushes, nothing more. 
“Thank you,” she said, more calmly than she felt, as she accepted the items he held out to her. 
The slow innocent brush of his fingers against hers made her stomach tighten but it wasn’t in fear. Not this time. Never in her twenty-six years had such a slight touch confused her so. 
Oh, no. Am I attracted to him? The sudden thought made Angie cringe. I must be out of my mind! How could I be attracted to someone who stalks me, terrorizes me, night after night, in my dreams? Sure, the nightmare man had saved her from a bullet, but he’d shot her himself at the end, hadn’t he? 
Hadn’t he? 
“Did you want the picture?” she asked abruptly, standing up. 
“Do you come with it?” He stood too and smiled, revealing brilliantly white straight teeth. He moved toward her. 
“Uh, no.” She took two steps backward. He is handsome. 
Stop it, Angie, stop it! a voice inside her said. Stay away from him! He’s dangerous! 
Through her renewed terror, Angie heard the man say, “Then I guess, for now, I’ll just take the picture. Perhaps it will be different some other time. Unless, of course, you’re married.” 
“I’m not,” she said and then instantly regretted revealing anything about herself. She shoved the paintbrushes into a mug, took the picture from him—making sure their hands didn’t touch again—and walked down the hall to the register. 
“Boyfriend?” he persisted, following her. 
“Maybe.” 
“My name’s Jared Maxwell.” 
“Angie,” she replied, stepping behind the counter to ring up the picture. She collected his money and then folded the top of the bag. Holding it out to him by a corner, she forced yet another smile. “Thank you, Mr. Maxwell.” 
Jared wrapped his large hand over hers as he took the bag. Their gazes locked and, suddenly, against her will, against her fear, Angie felt drawn to him. Those ocean blue eyes smoldered. Her gaze dropped to his full lips. 
Wonder if he’s a good kisser? she thought, her pulse quickening. Oh, no, stop it, Angie. 
Jared reached out with his free hand to caress her cheek lightly. Angie stilled at his touch. Then he ran the pad of his thumb over her bottom lip. A festival of butterflies danced inside her as she watched Jared’s blue eyes darken even more. 
What was wrong with me? Fantasizing about the man who attacks me nightly in my dreams. 
Jared leaned toward her. 
He’s going to kiss me! 
No, this cannot happen. Angie jerked back, pulled her hand from underneath his, releasing the bag, ending the moment and breaking the spell. 
The clock ticked. Time hadn’t stopped after all. 
Jared grinned as he picked up a business card from the counter. “Angelina Benton, Proprietor of The Variety Vine. Well, thank you, Ms. Benton. I hope we’ll meet again soon.” 
“Angie,” she spoke on a breath, “everyone calls me Angie.” 
“Until next time, Angie.” He smiled, lightly running his fingers down her forearm. Then turning away, he walked down the hall and out the door. 
As soon as he left, Angie ran over and turned the lock. She sank into a nearby chair, one hand absentmindedly caressing the place where his fingers had trailed down her arm, the other to her lips. A soft smile briefly lifted the corners of her mouth before a frown took its place. 
She didn’t know what to think. Every night, she ran in terror from this man and she certainly never expected to see him in her store. 
Who am I kidding? She sat back hard in the chair. I’ve always known he’d come after me one day. 
The electric current of his touch. His smoldering blue eyes. She had to put these things right out of her mind. Because they drew her to him—to the one person in the world who absolutely terrified her. 
If she had anything to do with it, Angie decided, the “next time” he had mentioned would be never. 
 
Chapter Two

 
Jared Maxwell jumped into his red Mustang convertible, slammed it in reverse and backed out of the driveway. 
What in the hell just happened back there? He had never been so entranced by a woman before, especially one he’d just met. God, he’d wanted to taste her lips and almost did before she’d pulled away. What were you thinking, Maxwell? You, Mr. Confirmed Bachelor, put those playboy ways behind you a long time ago. 
It was her eyes. They captured him, connecting him to a long-lost friend. Could this be the woman he had searched for his entire life? 
Had he even been searching? 
A boisterous laugh exploded from him, full and unrestrained. Love at first sight? Nah, it couldn’t be, could it? He’d never believed in it before, but now he was certain that this was another secret he’d have to keep. 
When he’d spoken with Alan Harland, the attorney in charge of the estate, the lawyer had said the property wasn’t for sale because the new owner was in mourning. Out of respect, Jared had kept his distance, even though he remained determined to purchase the twenty acres someway, somehow. 
If only he had stopped by three months ago when he’d first inquired about The Variety Vine, he could have gotten to know Angie and convinced her to sell by now. 
Jared chuckled again thinking about it and shifted into third gear. Spotting the silver SUV in front of the old converted house and finding the door unlocked had been pure luck. 
Only now he wanted more. Not only did he need the property, he also wanted the woman who owned it. 
Why did she stare at me in absolute horror? He frowned as he shifted gears again. Her reaction was one of fearful recognition, but he was certain they’d never met before. 
Many times women reacted to his looks with surprise or desire. There was a time when he’d been flattered, now he found it irritating. Until today, he’d never come across a woman who’d been afraid of him. He realized Angie’s fear was genuine and he just couldn’t figure out why. 
Angelina Benton in the flesh sure had complicated his plans. He hadn’t even considered that he might find her attractive, from the silkiness of her hair, the fullness of her body when it tugged against her shirt, to the gentle curve of slim hips flowing into lean, long legs. Or that he would want her more than he’d ever wanted another woman in his life. 
It’s more than just a physical attraction you know, a small voice murmured in his mind. 
Jared shook his head to clear away the thought. In a brief moment, this woman had stirred up feelings he’d never experienced before but he would have to deal with them later. 
Picking up his cell phone, he dialed the office. He couldn’t afford to let a woman, even such an intriguing one, distract him from his work. Not now. 
“Maxwell Development and Realty,” said a chipper voice. 
“Good morning, Sandi,” Jared said to his secretary. “Do I have any messages?” 
“Let me check. How did your meeting with Tom McNichols go?” 
“I listed the farm and already have a buyer in mind.” 
His half sister, Terri Logan, had always talked about owning land near a small town like Dansburg, away from the hustle and bustle of Richmond. Since McNichols’ acreage was eight miles from his own farm, Jared had decided to convince Terri to buy it, but if she refused, he’d just give it to her as a birthday present. He could afford to, after all, thanks to both his shrewdness in business and an enormous inheritance from his grandfather. Then, once he’d bought the two properties that bordered his land from the current owners, Sam Slayton and Angelina Benton, he would have accomplished all he set out to do when he moved to Dansburg. He’d own the original Slayton estate and he’d have his sister nearby. 
“That’s great news. Let’s see, you have two messages from your sister, the bank called and Mr. Harland wants to reschedule your meeting until nine tomorrow morning.” 
“Okay. Will you contact Harland and tell him I’ll be there?” He glanced at the clock on the dash. Eight-fifty. “What time did Terri call?” 
“Consider it done. Um… She spoke with the answering service around ten last night and again at seven this morning.” 
“Thanks, Sandi,” Jared said, steering the car from the hard surface road onto the mile long dirt driveway to his house. “I’m mending fences on the farm today and you know the cell doesn’t work out there. I’ll check in when I get back to the house. If Terri calls again make sure you ask her if everything is okay.” 
“No problem, we’ll hold down the fort.” 
“I know you will,” Jared said. “Talk to you later.” 
After Sandi said goodbye, Jared pressed the off button and gripped the wheel tighter with his left hand. 
This wasn’t like Terri. He couldn’t remember the last time she’d called him that late—or that early. Something must be wrong. She had struggled too much since her husband divorced her unexpectedly, then left town a year ago. 
He dialed Terri’s number again. If only she’d quit being so stubborn and accept his help. This time he wouldn’t give her a choice. That farm was a done deal whether she liked it or not. Besides, he would enjoy having her and the kids close by again. 
Jared listened to Terri’s phone ring as he drove between rows of large oak trees. Their intertwined branches created a canopy that shaded the road from the sun. 
Where the heck is she? Four rings and she still hadn’t answered. He rounded the gentle curve to see his two-story home tucked between large oak and maple trees. The deep green shutters blended well with the natural setting and the rocking chairs on the open veranda seemed to preserve it in an earlier time. 
He left a message and disconnected as he drove to the back of the house, parked and put the convertible top up. 
He noticed three of his prized Angus calves in one of the paddocks. They’d escaped through some damaged fencing yesterday. Luckily old man Carson down the road had housed them in the barn after they’d wandered onto his property. Otherwise, he would have lost them for sure. The inspection and repairs he’d put off couldn’t wait any longer and would take all day to complete. 
Inside the house, Jared snatched the portable phone off its stand in the kitchen and dialed Terri again as he headed upstairs. 
Again, no answer. Dammit, Terri! Where are you? 
Jared changed into a work shirt and old jeans, then went back to the kitchen for something to eat. Maybe he should take a road trip instead of working. It was only a two-hour drive to Richmond and he was starting to get worried. It wasn’t like Terri to call and then vanish. He slapped two sides of a sandwich together as the phone rang. 
“Hello? Terri?” 
“Hey, handsome,” said a southern drawl. 
“Terri, where in the hell have you been?” 
“At the grocery store.” 
“What?” he said, pouring a glass of milk. “I’m over here, worried sick because you called last night and at seven this morning and you’re grocery shopping?” 
“Don’t get your pants in a wad, bro, I’m fine. I called your work number because you didn’t answer any of your other phones.” 
He let out a sigh of relief. “I sat out on the porch late last night, thinking. I didn’t hear the phones.” 
“You mean scheming, right?” 
“Ah, you know me so well,” he teased. “What’s up? Why didn’t you leave a message?” 
“I did. Anyway, guess what? Devin lost his first tooth.” 
“No kidding?” 
“No kidding. Kevin’s sooo jealous, he’s wiggling his tooth to make it looser.” She laughed, hesitated, “And… I was lonely and wanted to talk to you.” 
“Have you heard from Paul?” 
“No. He’s vanished without a trace since the divorce. It’s just that, well, since you moved to Dansburg, I’ve missed you. So have the twins.” 
“Yeah, it’s been six months. Time flies, huh?” Jared leaned against the kitchen counter. He’d been so busy relocating the company that he hadn’t even been back to Richmond. It took dedication and a constant effort to keep his edge against the local competition. “I think I should take a week off and come visit.” 
“I’ve got a better idea since I know you’ll feel guilty about leaving your business. I’m taking vacation the week of July Fourth. Maybe we could spend it with you?” 
“Just in time for your birthday…” Jared grinned, then purposefully blocked all thoughts of the farm. “Sounds great. Squeeze the boys for me.” 
“Okay.” 
“And don’t scare me like that anymore.” 
“Of course I will. What’s a sister for if she can’t scare her brother every now and again?” 
“Well then, since you’re fine, I guess I’ll talk to you later,” Jared said, thinking of her birthday present. Remembering his sister’s telepathic abilities, he quickly imaged a big brick wall between them. 
“Jared, is something wrong?” asked Terri. “I feel like you’re hiding something from me, blocking me out.” 
Jared quickly said his goodbyes without answering her question and put the portable back in its stand. 
Whew! He’d almost slipped up. “I’ll keep blocking you, sis,” he muttered as he left the house, “until I surprise you with the deed to your new farm.” 
After gathering his fence-fixing tools and readying Thunder, Jared rode his horse down the dirt road. 
There were still places he had yet to see on his two-hundred-and-eighty-acre farm. If he had time later, maybe he’d do some exploring. 
Beginning with the perimeter, he rode until he found the two sections that needed mending. 
Hours later, when the work of repairing the damage the calves had caused was finally done, Jared switched his sights to the interior, tracking along one barbed wire fence until the spiked metal cornered on a tree. 
He looked up to see that he was on the edge of a meadow. Far across the field, he spotted what looked like a tired old shack. I haven’t seen this before. 
He trotted the stallion across the field, tethered him and went inside. 
The dank mustiness of dust and cornhusks filled the air. In one room an old armchair served as a home for field mice. A broken bookshelf lay across the middle of the floor. Torn, faded drapes clung against the windows. 
In the second room, a stained, old mattress leaned against a decrepit chest of drawers. Rain had dripped through a large hole in the roof, warping the old wood. Cornstalks, stored for cow feed, filled the entire left side. 
Jared walked down the hall and opened the door into what looked like an old kitchen. An icebox, its bottom hinge broken, door ajar, stood beside a handmade table. In the opposite corner was an antique hutch, remarkably well persevered. 
I can restore that hutch, he thought as he went through the back door and down the three concrete steps and use those cornstalks as feed. 
A small building, painted red, stood at the forest’s edge behind the house. An unusual noise came from inside, like glasses clinking together. Jared tried to open the door but it wouldn’t budge. Finding no other way inside, he made a mental note to bring something to break the door open when he returned. 
This little house, shack and meadow were a great discovery. A few repairs and they’d be perfect for storage of the fescue or corn he would plant in the meadow next spring. 
Someone had stored the corn in there recently, he thought as he untied the reins. He’d ask around to find out who was using the old house. Jumping astride his horse, he rode across the meadow to finish his fence inspection. 
As Thunder’s hooves plodded out their monotonous rhythm, Jared’s thoughts once again turned to Angelina Benton. 
***

“Angie, I just don’t know what’s gotten into you,” said the town gossip, hands on her hips. 
“I’m fine, Mrs. Turner.” Angie smiled at her customer. “How’s Kimmie? I haven’t seen her in a while.” 
“Oh, you can’t evade the question by asking about my daughter.” Mrs. Turner adjusted her glasses, allowing her to look over them at Angie. “I swear you’re just a-shakin’. Now, tell me what’s wrong, sugar.” 
“Really, I’m fine.” Angie had learned to keep her thoughts secret when she and Kimmie were still in middle school. Mrs. Turner meant well, but she could spread a rumor faster than a rocket could burn fuel. She could also irritate Angie faster than most. Angie had learned to control her temper over the years, at Aunt Martha’s insistence, but some people could still set her off like a wild fire. 
“Well, now that’s got to be the biggest lie you’ve ever told. What would Martha say?” Mrs. Turner took Angie’s chin, twisting her head from side to side. “Just look at those circles under your eyes. It’s not natural I tell you, not natural at all.” 
“I’m closing up in five minutes,” Angie said, pulling free of the older woman’s grasp, while picturing a calming scene of the beach in her mind. She’d gotten stuck working alone all day. Now all she wanted was a good long soak in the tub, away from the memories of today’s events, without losing her temper on top of it all. “What can I help you with?” 
“You can confide in me, Angie. I know you don’t have anyone to talk to since Martha passed, bless her soul.” 
Angie stared at her. Damn it if the woman wasn’t right. She hadn’t had anyone to talk to since Aunt Martha died. 
But before she said anything, she remembered the time when Kimmie had a crush on her best friend, Eddie Harland. When Eddie had turned down Kimmie’s advances, Mrs. Turner told everyone that Angie had stolen Kimmie’s boyfriend. What a mess. She’d barely survived that one without losing a lot of friends. 
Wonder what Eddie’s up to? He hadn’t written or called in months, since the winter semester started at Virginia Tech. But then again, neither had she. 
Angie clenched her teeth, forcing a smile. She was worn out. Sales had been slow, but the customers demanding. “You know, Mrs. Turner, I just received these cool paintbrushes. I know how much you love to paint. Would you try them out for me? Let me know what you think of them before I purchase more?” 
“Oh, I’d love to, dear. This store always carries such unique merchandise. Made Martha a celebrity, you know.” Mrs. Turner dug in her oversized purse, pulled out a picture and shoved it in Angie’s hands. “Have I shown you my grandson’s graduation picture? How much do I owe you for the brushes?” 
Angie glanced at the picture. A young man with blue eyes stared back at her. 
The memory of Jared Maxwell’s icy blue eyes flashed through her mind for the hundredth time that day. How could the monster of her nightmares have come to life in the body of a gorgeous man? Was he somehow connected to the appearance of Aunt Martha’s spirit and the warning she’d given? 
I really need to get out of here. “Your grandson is very handsome,” Angie said, handing the picture back to Mrs. Turner. “Why don’t you just let me know how the brushes work out? No charge.” 
“Oh, thank you! He is a cutie pie, isn’t he?” She put the picture back in her purse then folded her arms across her chest. “You go ahead and lock up, dear. I’m going to wait for you to finish. A pretty girl like you shouldn’t be walking out alone at night you know.” Mrs. Turner looked Angie in the eye. “And neither should I.” 
Angie couldn’t help the grin that spread across her face. “Just let me count the drawer and we’ll leave. But I only have to walk as far as my car, Mrs. Turner.” 
“I know that,” answered the older woman. “But you can’t be too careful.” 
So the two left the store together. Angie shivered as they walked across the porch where Aunt Martha had stood early that morning. 
Reaching her SUV, she waited for Mrs. Turner to get into her car before climbing inside. She waved goodbye through the window, let the older woman pull out of the driveway first, then followed but turned in the opposite direction. 
When she passed Sam Slayton’s farm that bordered her property, her car lights flashed over the red “Sold” sticker on the real estate agent’s sign. 
How odd. Property never sells that fast around here. 
Sam had just passed away yesterday. She’d never expected his property to go on the market and sell within twenty-four hours. She’d thought about buying the farm herself when she’d seen the For Sale sign go up yesterday. An additional two hundred acres would substantially increase the value of her place but the expense had made her hesitate and now it had sold. 
She would ask long-time friend and attorney, Alan Harland, if he knew who’d bought it during their meeting the next morning. 
When she arrived at home exhaustion settled over her. Going into the bathroom, she ran hot water for a bath, praying that when she went to sleep that night, her dreams would not be filled with Jared Maxwell. 
Now her attacker had a name and that name spelled fear. 
An uncontrollable shudder ripped through her body. It wasn’t like her to be so edgy all the time and she worried it was already affecting her work. 
As the steamy water filled the tub, she poured in the lavender-scented bubble bath. 
It was time to put this dream in the past. If Jared Maxwell wanted to harm her, she couldn’t stop him. She would just make sure that she stayed well away from him, that’s all. 
She stripped down and put her feet in the hot water. With a sigh, she lowered her body into the tub, letting the calming effect of the heat and fragrance wash over her. 
Ah! Exactly what I needed. 
Soaking in the bath, she closed her eyes and tried to forget the day for a while. But images of Jared’s blue eyes and the way she felt absorbed in them kept invading her thoughts. 
He’s a playboy, she thought, remembering his flirtatious actions in the store. Well, maybe he hadn’t given her any real reason to think that, but after the way he’d touched her lip, he must be a man who’d use and then leave a woman with a broken heart. 
And she wanted a man who didn’t play games—someone loyal, kind and strong. Jared didn’t seem to be that kind of a man, despite the swarm of butterflies he’d set loose in her. 
She wondered yet again if she would ever meet a man who would sweep her off her feet. Maybe she’d set her standards too high and it was just her destiny to die a virgin. 
But Jared had looked at her so intensely. With a fire she could see in his eyes and feel in his touch. 
Despite herself, she imagined Jared gathering her in his arms and placing a passionate kiss on her lips. As she fantasized how her own lips would part beneath his, emotions stirred within her that had nothing to do with fear. 
“I must be insane,” she whispered before sinking under the water, trying to wash the images from her mind. 

Chapter Three
 

Jared rounded a corner in the hallway then slowed his steps to enjoy the incredible view in front of him. Angelina Benton stood in front of Alan Harland’s dark-glassed office door, where gold lettering proclaimed him Attorney and Counselor-at-Law. She twisted the handle, glanced at the silver watch on her wrist, then, cupping her hands beside her eyes, she peered inside. Her jeans hugged her hips as she bent over. Her thick dark hair, pulled into a ponytail by a blue scrunchie, lay down the middle of her back and then slipped over to one side, its silky highlights reminding him of moonlight shimmering on the Dan River at midnight. 
This is a welcomed surprise, he thought as he stopped behind her. “Good morning, Angelina.” 
Angie, obviously startled by his voice, jerked around to face him. 
“And how are you this fine day?” he added, watching her bright smile fade and brows knit together. 
“What are you doing here?” Angie snapped. Crossing her arms, she set her mouth in a straight line of indifference. Her big brown eyes, slightly widened, betrayed her fear. 
“I have a meeting with Mr. Harland,” Jared said casually, walking closer to her. “And you?” 
Angie stepped back, tripping against her briefcase on the hall floor. 
Jared studied her. He had to think of some way to set her mind at ease about him, to convince her that he could be trusted, or he’d never persuade her to sell him her property. Before he could do that, he had to figure out why she seemed afraid of him. 
“I’m meeting with Alan too.” Her firm tone surprised him, belied the emotions in her eyes. 
Jared raised an eyebrow and smiled at the tall, lithe woman. Interesting, she’s fighting her fear. She’s also looking very intriguing in those tight jeans and sleeveless, scooped necked blouse. The shirt’s top button had popped loose, allowing him a glimpse of the tempting flesh underneath. He felt his reaction to her stirring in places that were better left alone. 
Seconds later, her slender fingers pushed the pearl button through the buttonhole. 
He lifted his gaze to find her glaring at him. Turning away, she crossed her arms under her breasts, which made them lift and swell in the dip of her shirt. 
Damn! 
It was obvious she wanted to be left alone, but didn’t she realize the effect she had on him? 
He didn’t consider himself an impulsive man, but he wasn’t about to let this moment, or this woman, pass him by again. 
I’m probably going to regret this later. Jared reached out and took her hand in his. “Angie,” he whispered, the softness of her palm warmed his hand. The silence in the hallway was deafening as he looked into her eyes. He couldn’t help but wonder what was going on behind those wide brown orbs. 
Angie could only stare at Jared. The touch of his hand had sparked up her arm like an electrical current, catching her breath. She’d never imagined Jared would touch her. 
Again. 
She glanced down at his large, strong hand engulfing her smaller one, his tanned skin sharply contrasting her fair complexion. She allowed her gaze to travel up his arm, his suit unable to hide the muscles underneath. The cut of the jacket made his shoulders and chest look even broader and tailored down to his narrow waist. 
When she realized the direction her eyes wanted to travel, she looked back up at him. His eyes were smoky blue, deep, dark and full of desire. His full lips beckoned to her. 
The images she’d envisioned during last night’s bath came rushing back. As much as she wanted to fight him, run from him, the desire to feel his lips touch hers was overwhelming. 
Are you crazy, Angie? Get a grip. He’s a stalker! This isn’t a dream! 
She couldn’t move as Jared cupped his free hand under her chin, lifting her face closer to his. The blue of his eyes was deeper still and she saw the danger flicker through them, like the eyes in her dream. 
She trembled at the memory. 
The pad of his thumb slid over her lips, parting them ever-so slightly. His head tilted toward her. 
Angie, realizing that he intended to kiss her, jerked her hand from his grasp. Pressing both palms firmly against his chest, she pushed him away. “Don’t ever attempt that again, Mr. Maxwell.” 
“I just—” he began, then his eyebrows furrowed together. 
“I am not a piece of meat,” Angie interrupted, “to be ogled by some playboy used to getting his way with women.” 
Glaring at him, Angie noticed that his still-lustful gaze held a hint of embarrassment. Good, she thought, maybe standing up to him had set Jared Maxwell straight. 
At the sound of fast approaching footsteps, Angie moved further away from Jared, picked up her briefcase and looked toward the sound. 
“Sorry, I’m late,” Alan Harland said as he walked up to them, shook Jared’s hand and then kissed Angie on the cheek. “I see the two of you have met.” 
Angie looked to Alan, raised an eyebrow. “What happened, Alan? I’ve never known you to be late for an appointment.” 
A grin plastered to his face, mischievous glint in his eye, Alan unlocked the door and let them into his office. 
Had he been late on purpose? Angie thought, holding the door for the older man as he went into the office. “It looks like I’m underdressed but I’ve got to go into work after our meeting, Alan.” 
“You look beautiful in anything, besides you didn’t need to get all fancied up for me.” Alan grinned, flipping on the light switch to illuminate the room. “I’m sorry to keep you both waiting. I had to stop by the post office. I swear, the lines there just get longer and longer.” 
“Where should I wait while you meet with Ms. Benton?” Jared asked, closing the door behind them. 
“I need to speak with both of you.” Alan entered an office attached to the reception area, took off his jacket and hung it on a wooden coat rack. 
“Both of us?” Angie glanced at Jared then stared through the open door at Alan. Was her long-time friend playing matchmaker or was this another of his projects? “Together?” 
“That’s right. Come on in, have a seat.” Alan motioned toward the maroon high-backed chairs facing his desk and then busied himself gathering paperwork and laying it across his large mahogany desk. “Oh, Angie, before I forget, Eddie called last night. He said to tell you hello.” 
“Tell him hi when you talk to him again, since he never calls me anymore.” Angie scooted back in the huge chair. Her belt squeaked against the leather as she settled into it. She tilted her briefcase against the chair leg. 
She thought about all the times Alan had tried to involve her in some project or another over the years, while fixing her up with a “nice man” who was also helping out. She’d been more than willing to help him in the past, putting up with his attempts at playing Cupid, since she loved him like a father. But this time, she’d have to pass, especially if it involved Jared. From the sound of it, that was exactly what he had in mind. 
“So what’s going on, Alan? I thought we were just rescheduling the meeting I missed yesterday. This doesn’t involve Mr. Maxwell.” 
“There were some other developments yesterday afternoon. I needed you both here so I could do this once and get it over with.” 
“This sounds interesting,” Jared said, as he took the window seat beside Angie. 
Angie glowered at Jared but he just grinned in response, so she turned to Alan, who was now sitting behind his desk. “Well, whatever it is, I don’t have time to take on any additional projects right now. You know how busy I’ve been with the store.” 
“Yes, I know, but this involves The Variety Vine.” 
“What do you mean?” she asked. 
“The Slayton estate bordering each of your properties sold yesterday,” Alan said. 
“I noticed that,” she said, studying Alan. 
“I’ve heard the rumors about that farm being haunted,” Jared said. “Do you think they have a factual basis?” 
Alan nodded. “I have a letter Ruby wrote to her son that proves how Theodore died.” 
Most of Dansburg’s residents knew the tale of Ruby and Theodore, but Angie wondered why Jared was so interested in those old stories. “What does this have to do with us, Alan?” she asked impatiently, her voice strained. 
Alan tapped a pencil on the desk and leaned back in his chair. “Did you know that Sam Slayton passed away the day before yesterday?” 
“Yes, I heard,” Angie said, “and I thought it strange that his estate was sold within twenty-four hours of his death. I mean his funeral’s tomorrow.” 
“I didn’t know,” Jared said. 
Alan nodded. “Well, the sale went exactly as Sam willed it.” 
“Which was?” Angie asked. 
“The original plantation totaled five hundred acres and included your farm, Jared and Angie’s twenty acres.” Alan set the pencil aside. “The Slayton’s went through some hard times and sold your properties off from the original estate. But, they included a clause, which followed all future sales.” 
“Is this the clause to ensure the unity of the original estate?” asked Jared. 
Alan nodded and pulled out a sheet of paper, yellowed with age. “In the clause, it states that if the last Slayton died without an heir, the main estate would be combined with the other two farms to unite the original property.” 
Angie took the paper from Alan. The hand written part at the bottom grabbed her attention so she started reading it. 
Alan continued, “The owners of the other two farms would inherit fifty percent ownership of the union of all three properties. Sam knew that he wouldn’t have an heir and added to this clause three years ago.” 
“Oh God!” gasped Angie. Her hand flew to cover her mouth. “Alan, please tell me this isn’t true.” 
Leaning forward to prop his elbows on the desk, Alan watched Angie. “Yes, it’s true but this is a good thing, Angie. Now each of you owns half of the original estate. That’s two hundred and fifty acres each. You just have to complete all of the requirements.” 
“I don’t think I remember all of the details,” Jared said. His hand stopped beside Angie’s. “May I?” 
Trembling, Angie gave him the document, “You knew about this?” she confronted Jared. 
“Yes, didn’t you?” 
Angie shook her head. “Is this even legal? Can someone sell property with conditions attached?” 
“Yes it is. The buyers knew about and accepted the Slayton’s conditions when they purchased the property,” Alan said. “Would you read the clause aloud, Jared?” 
“Sure. Mr. Slayton’s addition states—” he looked down to read the clause, .Upon my death, all three farms which made up the original Slayton estate will be deeded as one property. The current owners of the two separate farms must live in the homestead located on the main property while it is renovated into a bed and breakfast inn that will honor the Slayton name. Should the parties succeed in creating a fully functional inn, they will each retain fifty percent ownership in the land, buildings and businesses associated with all three properties. However, if either party refuses to participate, then both parties forfeit their original investments. The original five hundred acre Slayton estate will then be sold at private auction to the highest bidder who agrees to the creation and continued success of the Slayton Bed and Breakfast Inn.” 
Angie stared at Jared in disbelief. 
He looked up. “This works for me.” 
Panicking, her breathing becoming ragged, Angie turned to Alan. “No, this isn’t possible, Alan. You never mentioned this to me before today.” 
Alan looked alarmed. “Angie, I’m so sorry. Martha knew about this clause. I just assumed she’d told you at some point.” Concerned, he stood and came to her side. 
“No, she never said a word. Why do we have to live there? Why would Sam concoct such a ridiculous situation for all the owners? I just don’t understand,” she whispered, searching his face for some sign that this was all a big, bad joke. 
“Sam was eccentric. Who knows why he came up with this? But he did and it’s legal and binding. You have to follow his instructions exactly or lose your property and the business.” Alan crouched down. “Angie, are you okay?” He took her smooth hands in his wrinkled ones and looked at her intently. “You look pale. Would you like some water?” 
Angie nodded, then took a deep breath while Alan went to get the drink. She looked at her hands shaking in her lap. “I can’t believe Aunt Martha didn’t tell me,” she whispered. 
“I knew this was always a possibility,” Jared put in. “It really is a good investment if you think about it. We can each have our homes, you can still run your store and now we’ll both own more property and have a new business to share.” 
Angie was sure her eyes were going to pop out of her head from staring at Jared so much. There was no way she could live in the homestead alone with him. It was the entire summer, when one day would be far too long to be confined with the man who terrorized her nightly in dreams. 
Alan came in and Angie took the glass of water he offered and sipped. 
“Better now?” Alan asked. 
“A little,” she said weakly as Alan returned to his seat behind the desk. How will I…how can I share a house with this man? Why did the clause say we must live in the homestead? Just my luck. 
“Okay, there’s also a trust set up with enough funds in it to finance the renovation and for start-up money for the inn.” 
“How much?” Jared asked. 
“A little over a million dollars.” 
“What?” Angie and Jared said in unison. 
“Yes, over a million.” 
“Why would he do that, Alan?” Angie scooted to the edge of her chair and sat the water glass on Alan’s desk. “If Sam had that much money, why not just renovate the place himself while he was alive?” 
“I don’t know, Angie,” Alan answered. “Like I said, Sam was eccentric and very proud. It’s unconventional and he never gave me a reason why he wanted the estate handled this way. Maybe he thought this would create a legacy just as the haunting rumors keep up interest in the Slayton place. Whatever his reasons, I’ll be working with you to ensure the inn’s success. The way I see it, between the three of us, we have the skills to make it work.” 
“Why would you want to help us?” asked Jared. 
“I was Sam’s lawyer for many years. He made me the executor of his estate, but not in the traditional sense. I agreed that in lieu of payment as executor, I would be paid when the renovation was complete. I don’t collect any money until you open for business. As you can see, I too have a stake in the inn’s success.” 
Angie slid back in her chair, gripping her hands together. She might as well find out all the details if not participating meant losing the store. “What skills are you referring too, Alan?” 
“You gave up your interior design career in Roanoke to come back here and run The Variety Vine after Martha’s death. You could offer your redecorating expertise and work on the interior of the homestead,” Alan said, then turned to Jared, “Your background is in developing subdivisions and selling real estate, Jared. You could contribute your construction and real estate knowledge to aid in the remodeling of the house and other areas of the property. I will handle the marketing to ensure we have guests for the inn.” 
“I’m sorry, Alan,” Angie said, “there’s no one I can trust to run The Variety Vine.” 
“What about Sharon Brady? She used to help Martha run the store,” Alan suggested. “I’m sure she would love to help out.” 
Angie looked between Alan and Jared, then stared at her quivering hands, all the while tugging on her bottom lip with her teeth. I’m out of excuses and I can’t tell Alan about the nightmare. 
She glanced at Jared. The muscle in his jaw worked as he stared, deep in thought, out the window, rubbing his palms against his knees. 
“You know, Angie, it will be interesting to see if you have one of those dreams.” 
“What do you mean?” Jared asked. 
Angie shook her head slightly to quiet Alan. Don’t tell Jared about my dreams. 
“Angie’s known in these parts for having dreams that come true,” Alan told Jared. 
Great. Just great! She glared at Alan but he didn’t even look her way. 
“She can see in a dream what will happen in the future and she has seen the past too. I’m hoping that, after spending time in the house, she will dream about Theodore Slayton.” Alan leaned back in his chair. “Then we’ll know if his ghost indeed haunts the place. Local folk know about her dreams and would back up her predictions as true, thus making the Slayton Bed and Breakfast more intriguing to ghost hunting visitors.” 
“Do you believe her dreams come true?” Jared asked. 
Geez! Now they are going to talk about me like I’m not even sitting in the room with them, thought Angie. God I hate this! Why did Alan have to bring it up? 
“She doesn’t flaunt her gift.” Alan’s gaze settled on her and Angie gave him the hush look. “You still have a hard time accepting it, don’t you?” 
Without waiting for a response, he turned back to Jared. “She has helped many people by telling them about her—what did Martha call them? Oh, yes—prophetic dreams. She helped me and now, my friend…I’m a believer.” 
“What dreams of yours came true?” Jared asked with genuine interest. 
“I just dream and sometimes it happens,” she said. 
“Is there something in the dream that lets you know it will come true?” Jared pressed. 
“I don’t know what you mean,” she lied. Like I’d ever tell you about my observer dreams. 
“Do you dream in color or see a symbol that let’s you know this dream is different from a normal dream? A sign which means this dream will come true where another one without the sign wouldn’t come true.” 
No way would Jared Maxwell ever know that she watched the dream happen night after night until it came true. That was private. The only person she’d ever told was Aunt Martha. “There’s not a sign. Some of them just come true, that’s all.” 
“Hmm, you have a unique gift,” Jared said. “My sister, Terri, has a similar ability. It’s hard for her to talk about her paranormal experiences too. I bet the two of you will get along great.” 
Angie studied Jared and tried to figure out if he was teasing her or being truthful. He probably thought she was a freak now. People usually did when they found out about her dreams. 
It didn’t matter what he thought of her anyway and she doubted if she would ever meet his sister. What she knew for sure was she would never sleep under the same roof with him, especially since the horrific dream continued each and every night. If the past had taught her anything, this would not end until the dream came true in life.” 
“I’ve drawn up all the necessary paperwork,” Alan said. “All you have to do is sign and we can start today. Both of you can move into the house tomorrow.” 
“I’m in,” Jared said. 
“Great!” 
Angie looked at the contracts Alan slid across the desk, one for each of them and panicked. 
“I’m sorry, Alan. I just can’t do it,” she said, pushing the contract back toward him. I can’t risk putting my life in jeopardy by living with Jared Maxwell. After the episode in the hall, her life wasn’t the only thing at risk—her virginity was too! 
“Why don’t you just admit the truth, Angie,” taunted Jared as he looked over the contract. “You’re just afraid to sleep in a haunted house—with me.” 
That’s only the half of it. “Riiigght,” she said, drawing the word out in an attempt to appear unaffected by the whole situation, “haunted houses. Why would I be afraid of staying there with you?” 
“My dashing good looks?” Jared teased. 
What an ego. “I am not afraid of you, Mr. Maxwell.” 
“Then prove it,” Jared grinned, signing his name across the bottom of his contract and handing it back to Alan. “Take a risk, Angie. Or are you afraid of ghosts?” 
“No, Casper doesn’t scare me. I just don’t have to prove anything to either of you.” But, come to think of it, if she said yes but needed time away from him, she’d have five hundred acres at her disposal. There would be workers there during the day that could protect her and she could get people she knew to hang out with her if she felt threatened. It was just the nighttime. How could she sleep in the same house with him at night? 
Alan sighed. “Angie, if you don’t participate, I’m legally bound to put the property up for auction. You’ll lose The Variety Vine. Think of Martha and all the work you two put into that store.” 
Jared touched her…again. He gently took her chin, trying to turn her toward him, but Angie resisted. He tried again and this time she looked over into those blue eyes. 
“No, you don’t have to prove anything to either of us but don’t lose your store because of fear. You’ve barely looked at me since our little fiasco in the hallway. I think you’re worried that you wouldn’t be able to handle yourself alone with me, away from the world and you know it.” 
She pulled her chin from his grasp, surprised at Jared’s boldness. Then, her anger at the unfairness of everything that had happened in the past three months caught up with her. She narrowed her eyes. “How dare you!” 
“Listen you two,” Alan interrupted, “the renovation could be completed a week before the new convention center opens, if it’s started immediately. We could book guest reservations beginning on September first, if we’re on schedule. I know the deadlines are short and you will work long hours each day, but this way you could both meet the conditions of the clause over the summer and move on with your lives.” 
“You have to be kidding me, Alan.” Frustrated and angry, Angie grabbed his desk and leaned forward. “Do you honestly believe the house can be ready before the convention center opens? I just don’t see it all coming together that fast.” 
“I’m game. I think we could do it,” Jared told Angie. “If you know how to work hard.” 
“Are you insinuating I’m not a hard worker, Mr. Maxwell?” 
“No, I wasn’t insinuating anything. To be quite honest with you, I don’t want to lose my property because you’re afraid to commit.” 
Angie’s knuckles whitened as she clenched the desk. How dare he? What an insufferable, arrogant man! Grinding her teeth together, she glared at Jared. Control, Angie. Do not let your temper get the better of you. 
I’ll show you, thought Angie, looking between the two men. Dammit! I might be afraid, but I’ll hide my fear from you, Mr. I-Wasn’t-Insinuating-Anything, so you’ll never know. I can handle anything you can dish out and I’ll throw it right back at you, tenfold. 
At least I hope I will. 
It was a risk. A big risk that could put her in grave danger, especially after the warning Aunt Martha’s ghost had given. Angie knew she had to do it. She owed Aunt Martha that much. She couldn’t lose her aunt’s most prized possession just because she gave up before she’d even tried. 
Maybe, if she agreed, she would actually be able to understand Jared’s role in her dream. Had he saved her from the bullet or was he the one who stuck the gun in her back? 
The mix of emotions that this man and this situation caused in her made her shake inside, made her temper flare. Instead of her usual angry outburst, Angie looked Jared straight in the eyes, accepting his challenge. Then, her gaze still locked with his, she took a deep breath, released the desk and extended her hand toward Alan, palm up. 
“Give me the contract, Alan. Where do I sign?” 



Chapter Four

 
Angie put her bags down by the front door and took one final walk through her house before leaving. The last thing she needed was an electrical fire while she was away. She began to check the outlets. When she reached the kitchen, she found the coffeepot still plugged in. There. I knew I should double-check. She pulled the cord from the wall. 
That’s it. Everything was in order. She could leave. 
Still she hesitated. 
How did I get myself into this mess? she thought for the hundredth time. She leaned against the kitchen counter. Her temper always seemed to get the best of her and this time was no exception. Jared’s provocation had sent her right over the edge. 
Two hours after signing that stupid contract she had begged Alan to let her out of it. 
He’d laughed and said, “Nope, you’ll just have to make the best of the situation.” 
Yeah, right. Make the best out of spending the summer living with her worst nightmare. 
Angie’s head began to throb. Reaching to the shelf above the kitchen sink, she grabbed the bottle of ibuprofen and took two of the white pills. 
It was while replacing them that she noticed the silver key to the Slayton house. She’d almost forgotten it. She snatched it up and pocketed it. 
After the meeting with Alan, when it finally sank in that she couldn’t have a change of heart, she had asked for more time. According to the terms of the contract she and Jared had to move into the Slayton place by the following morning. That left only yesterday to get their personal affairs in order. 
She had lucked out with Sharon Brady, Angie thought as she began rifling through her junk drawer to find the pocket flashlight she’d just remembered she needed. 
Sharon was bored at home and wanted a part-time summer job. She jumped at the chance to run The Variety Vine full-time, even on such short notice. 
Where did I leave that flashlight? Oh, the heck with it. I better get my butt in gear if I’m going to beat Jared to the house and claim that downstairs bedroom. He has his own key and he’s sure not going to wait for me to arrive before going in and grabbing the best room. 
Angie closed the drawer, grabbed the ibuprofen off the shelf and shoved it into her purse, just in case, walked to the door and picked up her bags. 
Making her way to her SUV, she threw her luggage in the back. Outside, it was still pitch black at four in the morning. One last trip back to her house to turn off the porch light and lock up and she was all set to go at last. 
As she strapped on her seat belt, she thought about the layout of the Slayton homestead. She’d stopped by late yesterday afternoon and planned a strategy to keep her as far away from Jared as possible. 
The enormous two-story house, that some might call a mansion, had six bedrooms upstairs and one downstairs. Perfect! She’d take the downstairs bedroom and force Jared to sleep upstairs. He’d be alone up there and she’d have a quick escape route it she needed one. 
She’d seen so many books in the library that she’d never be in want of reading material. The ballroom with its large domed ceiling had impressed her the most. She knew immediately what she could create in that space—not just a ballroom but a romantic getaway for visitors too. 
In the combined kitchen and dining area, Angie was relieved to find a contemporary new stove and refrigerator. Good old Sam Slayton. It seemed he’d installed every modern convenience, including a dishwasher. There was even a washer and dryer inside the screened back porch attached to the kitchen. 
A strange place for appliances, she had thought before noticing the courtyard. 
She went outside and walked to the center of the square part of the yard, where a hand pump glistened in the sun. Water sloshed out unexpectedly when she moved the handle up and down and she had to jump out of the way before her feet were soaked. 
Later, back at her own place, she got out an old ladle and bucket and put them in her SUV. They’d look good on that pump and might even come in handy. 
Now, as she drove through the morning darkness, she could hear them clanking together in the back. Perhaps they’d be the first things she unpacked when she arrived at the Slayton place—her new summer home. 
She drove cautiously, watching for deer, as the SUV’s headlights illuminated the crooked country road. She knew, from growing up in the area, that the animals could leap out of the forest without warning. 
Only half her mind was occupied with her driving. The other part was thinking about Jared. For once she wasn’t afraid. In fact, a smile played at the corners of her lips. Jared had provoked her into this project, but she would always stay one step ahead of him. He would arrive around nine, as they’d agreed, to find her already settled into the downstairs bedroom. Surely he wouldn’t wake up at four a.m. as she had to be the first to arrive. 
Approaching the turn to the dirt road that led to the homestead, she felt her pocket again for the house key. 
She braked as a route driver, approaching from the opposite direction, stopped and shoved the Wednesday edition of the Register & Bee into the newspaper box. When he pulled away, she stopped her car, got out and went to the newspaper box to retrieve the paper before hopping back into the SUV. 
She didn’t realize the long dirt road was in need of repair until she hit the washboards. Where the road sloped downward, the rain had eroded the earth, creating small dips that looked like the slats on an old fashioned washboard. Swearing under her breath, Angie slowed the SUV to a crawl. She’d knocked the front end out of alignment before by going over those little dips too quickly. Flicking the headlights to bright, she surveyed the road ahead—potholes everywhere. 
Jared should repair the roads first, she thought. 
Geez, she was doing it again. Thinking of Jared and what he would be doing around the homestead while she worked on the interior design. At least working on the roads would keep him away from her. Now all she had to do was get him out of her mind and dreams. She sighed deeply. 
God, how she hated feeling trapped, like a wild animal waiting for the hunter to arrive. Was Jared the hunter? If she could only shake the feeling that death waited for her at his hands. 
The headlights shone against the old white house, jolting her out of her reverie. Peeling paint and once black shutters, now gray, made the dwelling look its age. 
She parked to the side, took a deep breath and grabbed her things from the front seat. She’d come back later for her clothes. 
The downstairs bedroom was near the front entrance, so she went in that way, shutting the door behind her. Sliding her hands over the wall, she felt for a light switch. 
Nothing. She should have noted where they were before. She continued to her bedroom, slowly, feeling her way in the dark. Once there, she reached inside the doorframe, groped around for the light switch. 
Ah ha! Got it! 
It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the sudden brightness. When they did, she looked in and could barely contain her anger. 
Where were the bed, dresser and nightstand? 
Someone had converted the room to an office. It must have been Jared. 
There were two desks, two computers and two filing cabinets. One of each for each of them, she figured. One desk was already cluttered with files, folders and books. She guessed the other one, free of clutter, was to be her workstation. 
“How dare he!” Fury raged within her. “Damn him!” 
“Damn who?” said a voice from behind her. 
She screamed and practically flew to the opposite wall, her heart beating so fast it threatened to explode. When she turned, anger rose above her fear. 
“What is the matter with you?” she shouted at Jared. “What are you doing here this early?” 
“I’ve been here since late yesterday afternoon.” Jared propped the baseball bat he was carrying against the doorjamb to rub the sleep from his eyes. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” 
She bent forward, her palms against her knees. The long straps of her briefcase and purse fell from her shoulders to the floor. She took several deep, calming, breaths. 
Then glanced over at Jared. Twice. 
How could she stay mad at him when he stood there rubbing his eyes like that? He looked like a little kid who’d gotten up in the middle of the night for a glass of water. 
“It’s okay. I’m okay, now,” she said to convince herself as much as Jared. “I wasn’t expecting anyone to be in the house. I didn’t hear you come up behind me.” 
She also didn’t expect him to be half naked. 
Her mind whirled as she took in the expanse of his broad shoulders, thick biceps and narrow waist. His muscular chest was covered with a coppery dusting of fine curly hair that tapered across a six-pack stomach before disappearing into blue silk boxers. 
Angie swallowed hard. 
From the looks of it, he liked to spend time in the gym. Taking a deep breath, she hung her head again. This man was hot! Her blood pounded in her veins, but not from the scare he just gave her. 
“Angie, look, I really am sorry. I didn’t mean to frighten you. I heard a noise and came down to investigate.” 
She straightened up to look at him. 
Jared offered her a grin, walked over to take her hand in his. “Forgive me?” 
His blue eyes were searching hers. He wanted forgiveness but she couldn’t trust him. 
Or herself for that matter when a nearly naked, hot bodied man stood so close, touching her. She didn’t want to start the project in a negative way, either. She never expected to see this compassionate side of him and it put her off balance. 
“Fine, I forgive you.” Her hand tingled from his touch, so she withdrew it. “Just don’t sneak up on me again.” 
“Done.” Jared smiled and she saw his eyes lighten with relief. 
“Why did you do this?” she asked, moving away from him, raising her hands to indicate the room. She needed a little space between them in order to breathe. “I wanted this bedroom, but now you’ve changed it into an office. Did you ever consider talking to me before altering the rooms?” 
“No. This house is very old. It would have taken a lot of time and money to rewire it. It was the easiest room to wire for the phones and computers at a reasonable price. Besides, there are plenty of bedrooms upstairs.” 
She couldn’t argue with that one. “I sure hope you don’t plan to make a habit of walking around at night in just your boxers.” 
Jared looked down at himself. A blush crept to his cheeks. “I…uh…sorry… I’ll go dress.” With long strides, he moved toward the door, grabbing the bat as he rushed out of the room and up the stairs. 
Would wonders never cease? He blushed. The man had actually blushed. 
So much for Mr. Cool Sophistication. A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. She couldn’t believe Jared had been at a loss for words. 
So he had a bashful streak too. In that moment, he seemed so different, not the womanizer she’d experienced in her store and at Alan’s office. And certainly not the angry villain from her dream. 
Who was Jared Maxwell? She would find out, one way or another, even if it killed her. 
Taking a moment to settle down, she sat at the empty desk and told herself that Jared scaring her half to death was what was making her heart race. 
So why did she keep imagining him standing there in his underwear rubbing his eyes? Why wasn’t her heart slowing down? No matter how much she wanted to deny it, she was attracted to him. 
She rubbed at the dull throb thumping out a hateful melody. It was too early to start work and she had no desire to go upstairs where Jared was either taking a shower or getting dressed. 
For a split second she pictured water from the showerhead beating down on all those tanned muscles. She shook her head to clear the image. She had to stop letting the attraction she felt affect her. This was a man who might really hurt her physically, it didn’t matter how gorgeous or built he was, she had to remember that. 
She picked her belongings up from the floor and put them on her desk. There’s no point in being so wrapped up in a nice body. Angie grinned at her own thoughts. Wrapped up indeed. She went into the kitchen, taking the newspaper with her, praying that the cupboards were stocked. 
She needed coffee. 
After Jared was safely out of the way, she’d take her clothes upstairs. Once she figured out which bedroom he’d chosen, she’d claim one on the opposite end of the house from his. 
***

The aroma of freshly brewed coffee made Jared breathe in deeply after he emerged from the bathroom showered, shaved and dressed. 
Downstairs, he found Angie sitting in the dining room at the round oak table, absorbed in the newspaper with a cup of the dark brew cradled between her palms. 
He didn’t want to startle her again so he knocked on the doorjamb to get her attention. 
“Morning,” he said when she tilted her head up at him. 
She seemed more annoyed than anything else but sounded pleasant just the same. “Good morning to you.” Her eyes scanned him up and down before passing him a knowing look. 
“I thought it would be better if I put on some clothes.” He crossed the room, then leaned down to whisper in her ear, pressing his cheek against her hair, “But you can feel free to rip them off any time you’d like.” 
He felt Angie’s body stiffen, saw the tiny goose bumps prickling the skin on her arms. He inhaled the lavender fragrance of her shampoo before stepping over to the coffee maker. 
“You’re something else, Mr. Maxwell.” 
“So I’ve been told.” He poured a cup of coffee then returned to the table and sat across from her. 
Angie looked up, her brown eyes scrutinizing him. “Let’s just set the ground rules right now before we start off on the wrong foot, okay?” 
“Okay, Angelina. Let’s make the first rule that we call each other by our given names,” he said, staring at her until she became uncomfortable and glanced at the paper spread out on the table. 
“Fine.” Folding the paper, she pushed it aside. “Then call me Angie. Only Aunt Martha called me Angelina. And I want you to agree to drop the playboy image with me. No flirting, no come-ons—nothing. I would like for you to keep your womanizing nature out of this business arrangement.” 
“Let me get this straight. You think I’m a player?” 
Angie gazed at him over the rim of her cup before draining the last of her coffee. “Aren’t you?” 
“I’ll leave that one to your imagination.” He chuckled. “You know, Angie, you really should get to know a person before judging them.” 
“You’re telling me that you aren’t the type of man to ‘love ‘em and leave ‘em? You don’t have a string of broken hearts trailing in your wake?” She rose and went to the sink, purposefully turning her back on him. 
Jared laughed. “Like I said, I’ll leave that one to your imagination, Angie. I might be the most reliable person you’ve ever met. You never know, I might already love you.” 
“You forgot the ‘and leave me’ part,” Angie said, rinsing out her coffee mug in the sink. She dried her hands on a dishtowel and turned to face him. “Now, I think the next rule should be—” 
Unbelievable! Where did he go? Yep, that was a pickup line if she’d ever heard one. Why else would a man say something like that and then take off? 
Damn him anyway. He was too quick, too quiet. Why did he insist on calling her Angelina? She narrowed her gaze on the empty table and doorway. She had to be more aware of him, especially since he snuck up on her in the dream, then disappeared just as fast.

***

Jared placed the coffee cup on his desk and sat down in his chair. He rubbed his eyes, shook his head slightly. 
Was it possible that he was in love with this woman who thought he’d break hearts without a care in the world? How could she think so little of him? 
He’d only been in contact with Angie twice before today. He had thought about love at first sight the other day but he’d disregarded it as impossible. 
Was that why he acted like a hormonal teenager around her? 
Love at first sight. Jared tapped his fingers on his knees and rocked the chair from side to side as he considered his feelings. How in the world did this happen to him? 
Get a grip, Jared, you’ve known you loved Angie from the moment you saw her picture in The Variety Vine. 
No, I don’t have time for this, he told the little voice in his head that goaded him. I’m not so sure it’s love. 
Lust. 
No doubt about that. He wanted her in bed but did he love her? He couldn’t, could he? It was way too early for that. He didn’t even know her. 
He jumped when Angie slammed her palms on his desk. He grabbed her wrists like a reflex. 
“What planet are you on, Maxwell? You walked out on me in the middle of a conversation.” 
Jared glared at her. She’d caught him so deep in thought that she’d taken him by surprise. His mood darkened. “Don’t ever do that again.” He hated people sneaking up on him. 
Angie jerked her arms from his grasp, straightened and backed up a step. She opened her mouth to speak, closed it again and then ran out of the room. 
“Perfect,” Jared muttered, “just perfect.” 

***

The darkness of night felt like a blanket covering something sinister within the room. Angie lay still in her bed and stared into the shadows, her heart pounding in her ears. There was something wrong. She’d woken up because of the dream, but this felt different. 
Maybe it was just nerves. This was her first night sleeping in the Slayton homestead with Jared right down the hall, after all. 
Summoning her courage, she got out of bed and reached for the light switch by the door. She flipped it up. The room remained cloaked in darkness. 
That’s got to be it. She’d just felt strange because the power went out. 
Electricity or not, nature called. The bathroom was at the other end of the hall. 
She groped through the darkness for the door handle only to find that the door she had locked before going to bed was now open. 
Jared unlocked the door? Her heart pounded a little faster against her ribs. Why would he do that? 
She reached into the darkness and groped for the doorjamb opposite her. Sliding her hands down the wall, she maneuvered slowly toward the bathroom. 
Three feet down the hallway her fingertips touched the softness of human flesh. 
She froze. 
“Jared?” she whispered. 
Suddenly she was yanked forward, pulled into the hardness of muscled flesh. The man was shirtless, her face pressed against the smooth, slippery skin of his chest. He smelled of wet dirt, sweat and alcohol. 
Unable to scream, barely able to breathe, she scratched at his skin as she tried to get away. She felt the rumble within him before she heard the low, evil laugh. 
Panicking, she pushed her hands against his waist and felt a wide belt in the loops of his jeans and the butt of a handgun. She twisted and grabbed for the gun, but he caught her wrist. She moved her head, took a deep breath and plunged her teeth into him. He propelled her across the hallway, into the banister, as her blood-curdling scream filled the silence. 
She spit mud out of her mouth. The sounds of footsteps were everywhere—down the steps, in the hall. Just how many people were in the house? Using the banister rails for support, she stood. 
“Angie!” 
“Jared?” 
“Stand still, the lights are out. I’m getting a flashlight.” 
She stumbled from the banister to the opposite side of the hall. Still unsure who’d attacked her, still suspicious of Jared, she didn’t want to give him the opportunity to throw her to her death over the rail. 
The flashlight’s brilliant beam frantically wobbled around the hallway, until it flashed in her eyes, then lit downward. Jared was immediately at her side. 
“What happened?” Too fast, his arms enveloped her. Her body trembled against him. The fuzzy softness of chest hair caressed her face. Her body molded to his, a perfect fit. 
Minutes before she had been forced against a much larger intruder. “There’s a man in the house.” 
“What?” Turning her, Jared led her back to her room. “Go inside. Wait for me to come back.” 
“No way! I’m going with you!” 
“Stay here, Angie,” he ordered as he went downstairs. 
“Like hell I will!” she muttered, then, using the wall to guide her, she crept toward the bathroom. Her need to relieve herself had vanished in the excitement but she needed the flashlight she’d seen in the closet earlier. 
She retrieved it, slid the on button and light burst forth from the bulb. 
At the end of the hallway she turned to go down the steps. There were streaks of dirt marking the walls where the man had touched them. Anger welled up inside her as she ran down the steps searching for Jared. 
She found him on the back porch, his flashlight pointed at the fuse box. 
“Did you find him?” she asked, shining her light into the box too. 
“No, he went out this way. See the mud on the door? I bet he ran into the woods. I searched the yard but there’s no trace of him.” 
“We need to call the police.” 
Jared flipped the last switch into its “on” position to restore the electricity, then shut the small gray door. “You’re right. Let’s go inside.” 
Covered in a film of mud from the intruder, she stood by the window staring into the night. 
Jared left to call the sheriff and check out the house. 
Was she wrong about Jared? The man who’d broken into the house felt like the attacker in her dream and that laugh—it was a perfect match. In the dream, Jared took a bullet for her. Tonight he’d come to her rescue. For a moment, she’d felt safe in his arms. Unlike every other time he’d touched her when she’d been afraid. 
Angie put the flashlight on the end table, rubbed her eyes. It’s so damn confusing! Maybe, just maybe, Jared wasn’t a threat to her after all. 
Ten minutes later, Sheriff Trevor Oakley stood in the living room, taking notes. A tall athletic man in his early thirties, he reminded her more of a professional athlete than a county sheriff. 
“You two are lucky I was on patrol near here. Is anything missing?” 
“No, I checked the house and nothing’s been touched,” Turning to Angie, Jared’s brows furrowed. “Except Angelina. The intruder manhandled her.” 
The sheriff scrutinized Angie. Even though she’d known Trevor since grade school, she suddenly felt self-conscious of her silk nightgown, covered in mud, clinging to her body. She hadn’t missed Trevor’s gaze drifting over her breasts and hips. 
She crossed her arms to cover her chest, shifted her weight from one leg to another. The skin on the left side of her face felt tight under the drying mud. 
“Tell me what happened, Angie.” Trevor raised his pen to the notepad. 
“I woke up to go to the bathroom but something felt wrong. When I realized the power was out, I thought that had to be it.” She glanced at Jared. “I always lock my door but tonight it was open. I started down the hall, using the wall as a guide and then my hand touched flesh. A large man grabbed me, slammed my face into his chest. I couldn’t breathe so I bit him. He threw me against the banister and I screamed—” 
“Bloody murder,” Jared interrupted. “I found her like this in the hallway. I told her to stay in the bedroom until I searched the house, but she didn’t listen and came downstairs anyway.” Jared’s stare burned through her. 
“That’s because she’s stubborn. Are you hurt, Angie?” 
“No, I’m not,” she said, staring back at Jared before turning her attention to the sheriff. “Just shaken up a little. He’s got a gun. I felt the butt of it sticking out of the top of his pants.” 
“I’m going to look around outside. Angie, you should get cleaned up.” He motioned to Jared. “I’ll be back in a few minutes to let you know what I find. Both of you stay inside until I return.” 
“Okay, Sheriff. I looked around outside before you arrived. I think he may have taken off into the woods.” 
“I’ll check it out.” Sheriff Oakley tipped his hat and walked through the porch door. 
“What is the matter with you?” Angie snapped at Jared. “Why are you staring at me like that?” 
“You should have changed your clothes before he got here. I can almost see through that flimsy piece of fabric you’re wearing.” 
“You can’t see through it.” Angie said, looking down at herself. “Why do you care anyway?” 
“I care because you were attacked tonight. Now go upstairs, take a shower and put on something a little less revealing.” 
“First of all, Mr. Maxwell, don’t tell me what to do. Secondly, I’ll wear what I like to sleep in, thank you. In fact, maybe I’ll just sleep naked.” She rolled her eyes. “Oh, but then again, you’re just right down the hall. I wouldn’t want you to be my next attacker.” 
Jared stepped close, nose to nose with her, his eyes darkened with emotion. “Don’t press your luck, Angelina Benton,” he growled, then turned and stormed out of the house after the sheriff. 
His tone was menacing enough to arouse all of her fears about him at once. She peered after him as he walked out the door. 
Maybe, just maybe, the dream was right. 
PART TWO EXCERPT:


For the next two days, Angie managed to avoid Jared by diving into work. 
Now she stood in an upstairs bedroom, thoughtfully looking around. After much exploration and pondering, she’d decided to decorate the Slayton house in a manner reminiscent of the early 1800s. She’d put all the details—notes and drawings for each room—into her special “Renobook.” She’d designed the basic template years ago and created a new book for every job. As the project progressed, swatches and samples would be included within the pages. 
She glanced at the Renobook then appraised the room. Because the Slayton’s had renovated the house fifty years earlier, it didn’t need as much work as they had originally thought. The second floor, especially, had little need of structural changes so she had started there. 
Most of Jared’s work was on the main level and the grounds. She didn’t need to see him much at all, which suited her just fine. 
Deeply engrossed in the Renobook, she sketched out chair rail designs for the walls and made remarks about the layout. A loud rap on the door drew her attention from the pages. 
She glanced up to see Jared leaning against the doorjamb. 
“Oh, hi,” she said without enthusiasm. 
“Are you at a stopping point?” he asked. 
“Just let me finish this note.” Angie scribbled a reminder to order blue satin fabric, then turned to Jared. “What’s up?” 
“Wanna go for a ride?” 
“A ride? Where to?” 
“I need to check out a small house on the farm. I think we could make it available to the tourists, but I’d like your opinion on some of my ideas. That is, if you have time.” 
Angie found his distant politeness suspicious but he’d asked for her professional opinion and she owed that much to the project. What harm could there be in going with him? She’d been inside for two days, after all. Fresh air and a change of pace would do her good she reasoned. “Sure, why not?” 
“Come on then.” Jared stared at her. 
She shuddered at the indiscernible look in his eyes, but followed him anyway. 
“Hang on a sec,” she said, entering the office and picking up the phone. “How long are we going to be gone?” 
“An hour or so.” 
“All right, but I need to phone Alan first. I was waiting for his call about the supplies.” 
“Okay, I’ll wait outside.” 
She dialed the numbers then told Alan she would be inspecting a house on the farm with Jared and rescheduled their call for an hour and a half later. At least Alan knew she was with Jared and where they were going in case she didn’t return. 
She walked outside and to her amazement, there stood two horses, saddled and bridled. 
“Horses?” 
“Don’t tell me a country girl like you can’t ride.” 
“Oh, I can ride,” she replied with disdain, taking the reins of the horse that appealed to her most, a beautiful Arabian. 
“Here, take Thunder,” Jared said, holding the Morgan’s reins out to Angie. “The Arabian’s too fast for you.” 
“You take Thunder.” Angie mounted the white mare. “What’s her name?” 
“Whisper.” 
“Where are we going?” 
“Clyde Davis’ house.” 
She raised her eyebrows, but said nothing. 
They rode through the woods in silence, the air thick with the growing tension between them. 
“I can’t take this,” she said after a while. “Race ya!” 
She sped away, her dark hair flying behind her, her thighs clenching the powerful animal beneath her. She grinned when she heard Thunder’s hoof beats quicken behind her. She gave Whisper her head and they raced over the earth together for several minutes before Angie finally reined the mare in and pulled up underneath a tall oak tree beside a stream. 
She looked back in triumph. She was so far ahead of Jared that she took the time to tether Whisper to a low limb where the mare could drink from the creek. 
Angie herself crouched down on some rocks close to the water, then dipped her hands in and sipped from them, before splashing her face and neck. 
When Jared finally appeared, she called to him, “What took so long, slowpoke?” 
“Thought I’d let you win this time.” 
She laughed. “Yeah, right. I beat you fair and square. You’re just slow.” 
“Well, get back on that horse,” Jared said, riding past her. “We’re not there yet.” 
So much for trying to be friendly. She remounted Whisper and followed. Soon they approached a small two-story house. She noticed the front porch and door were in need of repair and stopped Whisper short. 
“What’s the matter?” called Jared. “Come on.” 
Angie closed her eyes for a moment without answering. Just the site of this old house filled her with terror. It was so similar to the one in her dream. She glanced at Jared and her stomach lurched. Was this the day she would die? 


To be continued in Part II. . .

Other Books by Ariana Dupré 
Night Visions Part II
Night Visions Part III
Night Visions Part IV
Night Visions Complete Novel
Talgorian Dragon
Talgorian Prophecy
Paradise Designs
Briar Mountain

Other books by Melissa Alvarez
365Ways to Raise Your Frequency
365Days to Raise Your Frequency Journal
Your Psychic Self
My Psychic Journal
Simply Give Thanks
Simply Give Thanks Gratitude Journal
Your Color Power
Ghosts, A Spirit Guide and a Past Life: Four True Experiences with the Other Side
Analyze Your Handwriting
The eLink Directory of Paranormal Investigative Groups Around the World
Homemade Recipes for Horse Treats, Fly Sprays and Tips for Owners
Chakra Divination® Cards & Charts Activity Book
The Essential guide to Chakra Divination®
Chakra Divination® Ultimate Balance Journal
The Phoenix’s Guide To Self Renewal
Penelope Panda’s Shooting Star
Christmas Desserts


Website: http://MelissaA.com 

Melissa Alvarez is a multi-published, award-winning author. She writes nonfiction under her real name and paranormal romantic suspense as Ariana Dupré. She is also an internationally known clairvoyant advisor and a graphic designer. She owns Friesian horses and German Shepherd dogs with her husband and together they are successful breeders of champions. She enjoys reading and spending time with her family and horses when she’s not writing. Melissa lives in sunny South Florida where the weather is wonderful unless a hurricane is on the horizon. Visit her online at MelissaA.com for updates on new releases, contests, and more.


