
 DEAD
By Paul Block
* * * * *
SMASHWORDS EDITION
* * * * *
Original Material Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Paul Block
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY: 
Paul Block & independAntwriters On Smashwords
All rights reserved, domestic and foreign 
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Foreword
Dead
Firefight
Justice
Out Along The Border
Blackness Of The Soul
Private Investigations
After Death
Last Ride
This is a work of fiction. Any names, characters, places or incidents depicted are products of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual living persons places, situations or events is purely coincidental.
This novel is Copyright © 2014 Paul Block & independAntwriters Publishing. No part of this book may be reproduced by any means, electronic, print, scanner or any other means and, or distributed without the authors permission. 
Permission is granted to use short sections of text in reviews or critiques in standard or electronic print...
FOREWORD
This is a collection of short stories I have written over the last few years in between work on novels or the pay the bills stuff. This collection of eight short stories all have to do with, yes, you guessed it, death. Kind of a macabre subject matter, but it has touched my life and influenced my life many times in the past. I suspect it will again.
In any case, here they are for your investigation. I hope you enjoy them, Paul Block.







DEAD
Dead

"No," Paul slurred, as he shifted around on his bar stool and looked directly at Jack, "I mean dead as in gone! As in outta here, friggin' history, get it?"
"Yeah, dead as in dead, as in suicidal again, as in I told you, I don't know how many times you can't do that. You got resposisilillyties? No, resposabilities. To-hell-with-it, you know what I mean."
Apparently Jack couldn't talk any better than he could, Paul thought. But, they had both been drinking since eight this morning, and it was now nearing four PM, what else could you expect? Paul asked himself. And not beer either. If they had stuck to just beer, they'd be fine. But Jack had got him going on the Ginger Brandy chasers. Beer... Shot of Ginger Brandy... Beer... Shot of Ginger Brandy. And that was the way the day had gone. "I knoooh," Paul said, still slurring his words, "that I got them things, respectabilities, but I. Have. Had-it. Frigg it! I mean, less say I croaked right now. Jess sittin' right here on this Beer-stool, Beer-stool was a private joke. Neither of them could remember which had started calling it a Beer-stool, but they both knew one of them had drinkin', and then I croaked. Say a freakin' heart attack, prob'ly would be, or a stroke. Anyway! Dead, like right now... You're sitting right freakin' there, and I buy the farm. Then what?"
"Hey, for real, man, like mental health might be a thing to think about here."
"Uh uh, you ain't got it yet, is all. I don't mean dead as in dead, I mean dead as in gone, get-it?"
"Same thing, man, same..."
"No it ain't," Paul said as he leaned forward from his stool, nearly surprising Jack into falling off his own stool. "I mean the supposing thing is the same, but the premise ain't. Hey, I said premise right, I ain't too far gone. In other words, just play along for a quick sec., okay?"
"Fine," Jack said wearily. He tipped back his glass of beer, drained it, and looked at Paul.
Paul nodded.
"Two more, and a couple a more shots too," Jack said, once he got the beertenders attention.
Beertender was another private joke, but one they had picked up rather than invented. "Okay," Jack said, once the beers and shots had come, and he had downed his shot, and chased it with some of the beer. "Gotta piss like a race horse, man. Then we'll get back to this."
"Again? Man, you're pissin' like every ten minutes," Paul said, quickly cutting his eyes to the darkened rear area of the bar.
"Yeah? Well so are you, man," he got up and staggered back towards the mens room. Laughing as he went.
Paul cut his eyes quickly toward the darkened rear area once more, as a shadow parted from the darkness and came forward quickly. Jack was back a few seconds later.
"Okay," Jack said, picking up the conversation once again. "You're croak city. Right here. Right now, so... I guess I call the cops, right? Friggin' Kojak or somethin'?"
"Sure you do, or the beertender does, but I mean after. After they come and get me and drag my ass down to the city morgue, or whatever it is they do, then what?"
"Well..." he thought for a moment, not sure where Paul was trying to lead him. "Okay, the funeral. Me, probly Randy from work, your brother'd fly down from Seattle probly. We all cry, an... An then we plant you. Over and done."
"And?"
"And what? You're freaking worm food, there ain't no and then what."
"Sure there is. There always is."
"Got me swingin', man. I don't know where the hell you're goin' with this, and I see two of you sittin' there, and I ain't really sure which one of you came up with this bull-shit, but it sucks. It's morbid, man, kinda sick."
"Yeah? well now I gotta piss, but you hold that thought, man. I'll be back in a flash."
Jack watched him go, and then turned away from the dark area at the rear of the bar. He ignored the slight rustling noise beside him. Concentrating instead on the back bar. Counting the bottles. He didn't turn back around until Paul came back, and seated himself on the barstool once again.
"Okay," Paul said. "Morbid... Sure it is. I know that, dick-wad, but death is always morbid, man, for real. The thing is what happens after, and that is that life goes on, am I right? I mean, my Bro. flies back to Seattle, he don't like me anyhow... Randy goes back to work bustin' his ass down the paper mill, and so do you. End of story. Oh, maybe you think of me tenderly from time to time."
"Not freakin' hardly... I got somethin' you can tenderize, man," Jack said laughing.
Paul laughed right along with him. "Okay," he said at last, "that was cute. But for real, life will go on. End of story. I don't have that ever-lovin' Mortgage compny on my ass. Same for the bank that has my truck loan. Joan can't grab me for no more friggin' alimony, it's the end... The real end, it's over, and life goes on."
Jack stared back speculatively. "Listen, for real now, You're startin' to scare me, man. There's no reason to do somethin' like that. Hire a friggin' lawyer, man. Go to court and fight her. Hand the Goddamn keys to the truck back and the keys to the house, and file bankruptcy. The end, problems gone, fini."
"Not true, man. I thought about it. Even talked to a lawyer. As long as Joan doesn't ever remarry I gotta pay her. If I don't have the money they'll throw me in the slammer until I come up with it. As for the house, I could give a shit. The truck's nearly paid for, why should I hand over the keys just because we can't get no hours down the mill? Uh uh. I spoke to the same lawyer bout that. They'd make me pay it. I'm single, no dependents. They'd grab my whole friggin' check, and send it off to the court every week. I'd end up bustin' my ass for nothin'."
"Okay... Okay, fine, but dead? Being dead ain't the answer, Paul, for real."
"I agree."
"Well, what the hell! You been arguing that bein' dead is the answer!"
"It is... But not really dead. As good as dead, but still alive."
"Okay, splain this one to me."
"Easy... I been thinkin' for over a year about it. Here's my plan. I go huntin', right?"
"Right."
"That's it. I never come back."
"A year? A whole freakin' year, and that's the best you came up with?"
"Uh uh. I got a plan... A real good plan too. I'm about average size, right?"
"Right."
"Do you know how many guy's are average size?"
"Like, a real number?"
"Uh uh."
"Well, since it's average, I guess a lot would be."
"Zactly. Friggin-a. In fact, you're average, am I right?"
"Yeah."
"Okay, well, since I'm average, all I need is another guy that's average, to make my plan work."
"Uh uh, flawed to the max., man. What about, like, dental records. Or, like, blood type, or, like, I don't know, there's a friggin' million other things they can compare. Scars, uh, shit, I really don't know, but I do know there are a lot of things."
"All true," Paul said, as he took a deep drink from his glass. "All true, but who gives a damn."
"You would. See, if you do what you're thinkin', like switchin' a body for your own, they'll know, and... And why in hell am I even discussing this with you? Do you know how crazy this sounds?"
"Prolly does sound crazy, but I worked it all out. You know I got this partial plate, on account of that football thing back in school, right?" Jack nodded. "Well, last year when I went up to Canada huntin', I had a new one made. I wear it a lot too, to get used to it. It's a little bit different than the one Doc. Freiler made me. But, I am used to it."
"So, a persons mouth is different. A lot different," he signaled the beertender once more, and waited for the fresh shot and beer. "How you gonna find someone with the same teeth missing in the front like you? And even if you did, they'd have to be average, and then the partial plate would have to fit. A lotta if's, if you ask me."
"Well, the thing is, I didn't ask you, but if I did, you'd have to give it the same amount of thought as I did, and you'd see it ain't rilly a big deal. A pair a pliers, pull out the teeth so it'll fit..."
"Jesus, Paul. That's sick. You tellin' me I don't know you? You tellin' me you're the sort of man that could do somethin' like that?"
Paul grinned. "No. Just bustin' your balls, Jack. You fall so friggin' easy, that I can't resist it."
Jack broke into a huge bray of laughter. "Oh shit. Oh shit, you had me... I gotta admit it, you had me, hook line and sinker, Paul. Oh that was good, Jesus that was good, really. I mean it."
Paul laughed right along with him. "So'd you tell your old lady you were goin' huntin' with me this weekend?" he asked once he got the laughter under control.
"Christ no! She'd have a shit-fit if she thought I was out enjoying myself. Uh uh. She thinks I'm doin' my hitch with the guard this weekend. She don't know my hitch ended last year. You know... It's so Cindy and I can have some time alone occasionally." Cindy was Jack's girlfriend, Paul knew. They'd all gone to school together, and knew each other well.
Paul nodded. "Well, I'm for the woods for an hour or two. Pick a good spot. I'd like to get one this year. Then we can rent a room for the weekend, stay the hell outa this bar, and bag somethin' decent tomorrow, hopefully."
"With ya," Jack said, as he tossed back the last of his beer. He followed Paul out of the bar.
Paul drove the twenty miles up into the forest preserve in silence. Jack had passed out beside him, nearly as soon as they had left the bars parking lot. He parked and shut off the truck. Jack came awake.
"There?" he asked foggily.
"Uh huh," Paul agreed, his voice blurry, and indistinct. He levered the door handle open, and nearly fell getting out of the truck. Jack tumbled out from the other side, and they stumbled off up a nearby trail into the late afternoon darkness of the forest.
"So," Paul said, after they had walked a few hundred yards. "I never finished my idea."
"But I thought you said you were kiddin'?"
"Did."
"So?"
"Wasn't," Paul said simply.
"You'd really be able to do that?" Jack asked looking directly at Paul for the first time since they'd left the truck. He had his rifle with him. Not only was it with him, but it was in his hands, and he'd come to a dead stop in the middle of the trail.
"It ain't so much that I want to," Paul said softly. "I have to. The banks really are drivin' me crazy, Jack, and I'm sorry, but, it has to be this way..." He raised the rifle slowly as he finished speaking.
"Hey," Jack said in a near whisper. "It was funny before, but this ain't, man. This ain't even slightly funny."
"I don't suppose it is... Do you want to hear the rest of my story?"
"Uh uh. You're sick man, you're goin' too far with this... Jesus Christ, we're friends, Paul, we've..."
"Been friends since first grade," Paul finished. "That's why I chose you, Jack. I know you, in and out. We're built the same, we look a lot alike..."
Jack stared back at him.
"so," Paul said quietly. "What you have to do is burn the body. I lied, it can't work as a huntin' accident. But, as a drinkin' and drivin' accident while you're huntin', especially with all these curves up here. It'll do just fine. It's gotta look real obvious too. Real obvious, so they don't check too close."
"First grade, man, think about it..." Jack blubbered.
"I did, and the trouble is, how am I goin' to get you to voluntarily hop in that truck, and drive it off a cliff? So, I said to myself, shoot his ass, stuff him in the truck, and then set the pedal and let it drive itself off the cliff. Won't work though, or it could, but a bullet's a chancy thing. Could hit a bone, leave a hole that ain't natural, tip them off. Uh uh, I sez finally, won't work. Won't work at all," his hand fell down to the side of his belt buckle, where his knife case was. He patted it affectionately. "Knife? That's risky too though. Nick a bone, leave a mark that ain't supposed to be there, who knows what could happen? And besides, it's too messy to deal with," his hand fell away from the knife case. "so, I decided the thing to do is put you out some other way, so's I can get you into that truck... You agree?"
"Jesus, Paul, first grade and all. First grade!" he pleaded.
"Yeah... I know... First grade... And there was someone else there in the first grade with us wasn't there? There was. And it had to be somebody I could trust too."
"Huh? Hey come on, man. Think it over, Paul... Please?"
"You know. I didn't expect that you'd go jelly on me, Jack, I really didn't... Cindy? Our Cindy? Wasn't Cindy there in the first grade too?" he raised his eyes up and past Jack. Staring into the woods. "Come on out, honey. It's okay."
A tall dark-haired woman stepped slowly from the trees.
"You-You, knew?" Jack managed.
She said nothing.
"So... Gangs all here, and all that leaves is the how of it. So, I said to Cindy Did you know about Cindy and me? Obviously you didn't. So I said, how? No gun... No knife, how? Oh she's good, Jack," he stopped and wiped the sweat that was running in his eyes away. He had gone easy on the beer, but even so, he had drank quite a bit. And he was feeling it. Dizzy, sick even, and now was not the time for that. He drew a deep breath before he spoke again. "So, Ciny... I mean, Cindy said, the thing to do is to slip a sedative into a drink. But how? I asked, Well easy, she sez. He slips off to the bathroom, and you slip it in. No big deal. He comes back, he drinks it, you get the both of you the fuck out of Dodge, he passes out, plop him in the truck... The end, she said," he took two steps backwards. The friggin' ground was all the sudden moving, he thought with alarm.
Jack suddenly straightened and stood from the ground where he had been curled nearly into a ball. The mask of fear gone from his face. A wide smile setting comfortably there now. Paul took two more steps, lost his struggle to keep his balance, and sat down hard.
"Good plan," Jack said softly.
Paul tried to raise the rifle, but it seemed to be glued to the ground. He pulled the trigger anyway. Nothing... A dry click. He was positive he had loaded it before they had gone into the bar.
"If you hadn't of told Cindy," Jack said as he stumbled forward, "it would have worked. I knew about you all right. I figured it out a long time ago, buddy-boy. Cindy always was a slut. Never could keep those legs shut... But we both know that don't we. I went right to her, Paul. Laid it all out, and man was she sorry. She begged me to forgive her, and she told me what you had been planning. She ain't as sick as you are, Paul. She couldn't, and wouldn't go through with it," he paused and stared down at Paul who was still trying to stand up. He was having no success at all. Jack giggled before he continued.
"I can do it, though. That's why I drank so much today. It ain't goin' to be easy, but I'll make it. I'm drunk enough to do it. Switched the beers, while you were in the can... Ain't that friggin' funny? Ain't it?" he asked. The truth was though, that Cindy had switched the beers, he hadn't been able to do it... She'd been in the bar, hiding back at one of the dark corner tables towards the rear. And, Paul had never once looked in her direction. He'd gotten the rear area where the light wasn't so good, so she could do the thing while he was in the can, for just that reason. But he'd drank maybe a little too much beer trying to work his courage up, and far too many shots. He wasn't feeling all that good, and there were three Paul's looking up at him from the ground. He stumbled again himself.
"Cindy switched 'em," Paul mumbled from the ground.
Now how the hell'd he know that? Jack wondered. He stumbled again, and finally found himself sitting on the ground. One second up, the next second down. He swiveled his eyes towards Cindy.
"Had enough," Cindy said quietly. "Had enough of you promising to leave your old lady for me. Had enough of both of you treating me like shit... Like a slut. I switched them all right. To you, when you were in the bathroom, and then back to Paul when he was in the bathroom." she smiled thinly.
Paul groaned from the ground, and his eyes suddenly slipped shut.
Jack tried to hold his eyes open, but they just wouldn't stay.
"Shoulda treated me better. Shoulda treated me like a lady. Shouldn'ta told all your buddies about what we did in bed. Shoulda..."
Jack lost the battle to keep his eyes open, and they finally slipped shut. Darkness... A bird calling from far away in the forest... Cindy's voice droning on and on from far away... Fading away, farther and farther, and...


###
FIRE FIGHT


"Stay down next to the friggin' bank, Johnson!" Beeker yelled. Beeker could see that Johnson probably wouldn't be hanging around for long. He didn't have the sort of balls that Simpson had. And a fire fight was no fuckin' place to have to baby sit. Why was it that he always ended up up with all the ass-holes any way? They had been pinned down in this particular position a sandy beachhead for fourteen days. Sand and water in front of them, Jungle behind them. The gooks were on the other side of the river, and if the man upstairs the man that pulled all the friggin' strings, Beeker liked to think, didn't do something damn soon they might not see fifteen. 
The fire was just as heavy as it had been on the first day. Non-stop. Round after round of machine gun fire, and mortar rounds that came so fast it was hard to tell when one ended, and another began. But the man upstairs, now that was something to consider. What was it with him, anyway? Vacation? A little mental constipation? Just how long was long enough, for Christ sakes. Johnson crawled over, eating some dirt as he came. But at least he had crawled. The numb son-of-a-bitch had walked the first few times. Like he was out on a goddamn Sunday stroll.
"Sergeant Beeker?" he whisper yelled over the sound of the gunfire. "Shouldn't we maybe oughta return fire, sir?"
"Hey, fuck you, if I say we lay low, we lay low. Now, shut up and crawl your white-ass back over to your position, mister, NOW!"
Johnson went, he didn't have to be told twice. Beeker was one mean bastard, and he had absolutely no desire to mess with him. Even so this whole situation didn't set well in his mind, and that was mainly due to the fact that it didn't make any sense. And how in hell could it? he asked himself. There was no answer, because there could be no answer at all. Fifteen days ago he had been safe and sound in... In... It wouldn't come. Someplace. He had been someplace, not here, and he had been safe, and he had been sound, he could remember that much. He could also remember waking up here with Beeker, Philips, and Ronson. In the middle of... Of... Where am I? He didn't know that either, and they weren't disposed to tell him. Other than waking up in the middle of this fire-fight, he couldn't remember jack-shit. He made the outside perimeter, and curled up into a near ball as he pressed himself into the dirt embankment.
"About fucking time," Beeker yelled above the roar of gunfire... ...They had been pinned down for the last several hours, with heavy fire from the North Vietnamese regulars. It had finally fallen off somewhat. It was time to make a move, and Beeker was no fool, he had every intention of getting his men the hell out. They'd already lost four good men on this mission. He couldn't see losing any more. He looked across the short, smoky distance, directly into Ronson's eyes, and signaled left, away from the sand, towards the jungle that pressed in from behind them. A quick sideways flick of his own eyes told him that Johnson and Phillips had caught it too. Beeker signaled Ronson out first, then Phillips, and then Johnson. It was a slow go, belly crawl for the first few hundred yards. The bullets continued to whine above them, but they all made it one piece. Two hundred yards in they were able to stand. The jungle finally offering some protection. Beeker led the way quickly yet carefully, through the lush greenery. The others fell in behind him silently. Two miles further through the dense jungle, they finally lost the distant sounds of gunfire, and the jungle fell nearly silent. They fell silent themselves, moving as quietly as they could from tree to tree. Aware of the noises that surrounded them. A short while later when the gunfire had completely fallen off, the jungle seemed to come back to life. Bird calls, and the ever present monkey chatter. That was a good sign to Beeker, if the jungle was full of gooks, the birds sure as fuck wouldn't be singing. They pushed on through the night, and morning found them... Morning found them...
... "Oh, man," Ronson complained. "Fucker dropped the ball again," Beeker agreed wearily. He was leaned back against the side of a burned out hut, smoking a cigarette he'd pulled from inside his jacket.
Johnson didn't have the slightest idea where they were, let alone what they were talking about. Beeker had led them through the jungle and at first light they had come upon a small village. They had crept in warily, ready for whatever lay before them. There had been no need, it was empty, save a couple of dozen scattered bodies, busy gathering flies. He had thought Beeker would move on. He hadn't. They were still here. But where here was, and how Beeker had found it, eluded Johnson.
"Sure as fuck did, he always does towards the end though," Phillips agreed. "Gotta work it out... Make it just right. Set it up for the next one."
"Yeah, well, we made it this far," Ronson said. He grinned, and then the grin turned into a full fledged smile, and he began to laugh. Phillips joined him, and a second later, when Johnson was sure Beeker was going to open his mouth to tell them all to shut the fuck up, he started laughing too. "Oh... It's good, look-at-him," Ronson said, holding his side, and pointing at Johnson, "he don't have a friggin' clue." That seemed to drive all of them into hysteria, Johnson saw. Including Beeker, who was usually hard-nosed and moody. He was doubled over too. Holding his sides. Tears squirting from his eyes.
"That true?" Beeker asked at last, once he had managed to get the laughter somewhat under control. "That your friggin' problem is it, Johnson, you don't have a clue?" he stopped laughing abruptly, and within seconds Ronson and Philips chuckled to a stop. "Do you have the slightest idea where your white ass is?" Beeker asked seriously.
"No... Well, a jungle, I guess," Johnson answered.
"No... Well, it could be a jungle, I guess," Ronson mimicked in a high falsetto.
"Is it?" Johnson ventured in a near whisper.
"Look..." Beeker waited for silence. "Take a break, it's gonna get worse. Why don't you have a smoke and kick back... Enjoy the break?"
"Well, the thing is that I don't smoke, bad for the lungs. I'm pretty careful about my health."
"Really?" Beeker asked politely. He chuckled briefly, lit another of his own smokes, and then spoke softly. "I would like your complete attention, Johnson, do I have it?"
"Yeah, sure..."
He cut him off, his voice a roar. "In case you hadn't noticed, there's a fuckin' war goin' on, you pansy mother-fucker. A fuckin' war, Johnson, you understand that, you ain't gonna live much fuckin' longer anyway. Get with the program mister, now!"
Johnson's eyes bugged out, but as Beeker finished he forced himself to speak. "I know that... I can see that... It don't mean I havta die though, not necessarily."
"Man, Beek, don't waste your time, he hopeless, same old shit, like Simpson. Like all those friggin guys before Simpson," Ronson said.
Beeker drew a deep breath, winked at Ronson, and then spoke. "Yes it does," Beeker said calmly. "It does because you ain't a regular. You ain't been here long enough, and you don't mean a fiddler's fuck to anybody. And that sucks, but that's life, Johnson," he paused and looked over at Ronson. "How long was the man upstairs gone the last time? Fourteen days, am I right?"
"As rain," Ronson replied coolly.
"And where are we now?" "Seventeen?" Phillips asked.
"Uh uh," Ronson corrected, "eighteen, man, remember? Seventeen was when Simpson bought it, and this ass-hole came into play. Replacement, supposedly."
"Right!" Beeker said. "It is eighteen, and that's why nobody gives a fuck about you, Johnson. Eighteen's too far, we'll be done at twenty, he never goes past that, and I'll bet bullets to bodies you'll buy the farm long before we're done with eighteen. Depends on how long the man upstairs gives you, see?"
"No," Johnson said slowly, "I don't see." Seventeen? Eighteen? What the hell was that all about? he wondered.
Ronson chuckled. "I think he's confused, again, Beek."
"I think he was fuckin' born confused," Phillips added.
"Seventeen? Eighteen?" Johnson asked aloud. He didn't get it, not completely anyway.
"Have a cigarette," Beeker told him.
"I told you, I don't..."
"Yeah, right, fuck that noise, there's a pack inside your jacket... Check it... See if I'm right."
Johnson fumbled with the jacket snaps, and finally pulled the jacket open. A half pack of smokes resided in the inside pocket. A silver Zippo tucked in beside them. He looked up with amazement.
"So?" Beeker asked, smiling widely.
"One of you guys stuck them there, while I was sleeping, has to be," Johnson said.
"And when was it that you were sleeping, Johnson? For that matter, when were any of us?"
Johnson thought about it. Had they been awake for fourteen days? Not possible, he told himself. He Looked over at Beeker. Beeker just smiled.
"None of us have. None of us have to, unless he makes us... Don't you get it yet, Johnson?"
"Yeah, don't you get the feeling someone's putting words in your mouth?" Ronson snickered. He began to laugh once more.
"Can't be," Johnson mumbled.
"It is, and hey, it's a bitch, ain't it? But think of it this way. Us three have done this... Five now?" he asked to no one in particular.
"This'll be six," Phillips replied.
"Jesus, has it really been six?"
"This one makes it," Ronson agreed as he stopped laughing once again. He leaned back against a nearby tree and fired up a smoke. His eyes twinkling as they locked on Johnson and Beeker.
"Okay, it's six. You're an extra, Johnson, you got wrote in to replace Simpson. You see the man upstairs figures it like this. You gotta kill somebody every once in awhile, right? Otherwise he'll lose the readers attention. So he writes in disposable's. Yeah, man, it's a bitch, but it's you. It sure as hell isn't gonna be any of us. You don't kill off the main guys, it don't happen," he softened his voice. "Look, it was hard for Simpson too. He kept him with us for better than ten chapters, and you know, I liked that sucker. He was all right for a white dude."
Johnson swallowed hard, lit up one of the smokes from his jacket, and leaned back against the side of the hut. The silence held.
So," Beeker finished quietly, " you gotta deal with it man... You just got too... It won't be long...



###
Justice 


Randy Clark walked alone down the dark and silent interstate. Not an interstate, he told himself, just a big empty fucking piece of asphalt now, is all it is.
"Fucking right," he agreed aloud. He took a long pull on the bottle he held, stumbled slightly, regained his balance and continued walking. Replaying his life as he walked, missing what he once had been.
Two years earlier, before all this shit had happened, he would tell any one who would listen, I was a big shot. It was rare lately that anybody would listen. Nobody in the last two weeks anyway. But, he didn't mind, he enjoyed hearing the story himself.
He'd had Donna, she would usually listen, but not no more, he told himself. Two weeks ago Donna had give him the boot, The Boot, as in get the fuck out, as in don't come back, as in there's the door don't let it hit you in the ass on the way out.
So he had, he could take a hint. But ten years ago, now that had been something. Ten years ago she'd been licking his shoes to stay. He'd worked for a large insurance company back then, a really big one. And he was up there on the old boss ladder too. Mid-western V.P., as a matter of fact, and he had earned that position not been handed it.
"You better fucking believe that," he mumbled now, as he listened in on his own thoughts, "busted my ass too." He took another pull from the bottle. Thought about it, and took one more.
He had started in the claims department. Hard place to start, but he had excelled at cutting loose the deadwood, as they had referred to it back then. More than once he had either managed to completely cut loose a claim, or settle it for a far less amount than what it had been worth. Cutting loose the deadwood, the costly claims, had been his specialty. Personal injury, Workers Compensation, wrongful death. If you could get it before the lawyers got their hooks into it, you could usually settle it quick and inexpensively, and if you couldn't, there was always a way to cut it loose, or tie it up in so much litigation that it came to the same thing. Litigate it until those lousy fuckers had to file bankruptcy, then they'd crack. And all those bastards had been faking anyway. They always did, and if it wasn't a total fake he could usually catch the part of it that was, and of course he'd had his pay-rolled ringers. Doctors who would write a perfect bill of health even if you were sitting in a wheelchair, and more than a few lawyers that could litigate a case to death. Literally to death. The party dies, you settle with the family for a fraction, it's over.
Those were the things that had got him the V.P. position, and the people under him had learned quickly that you did things Randy's way, or you were sent packing. If this hadn't happened, this shit, then by now he would have made president.
No comfort in that though, he thought now. But the bottle, now there was some comfort there for sure. At least that hadn't changed too. And there was still a good deal of the hard stuff just laying around. Getting better with age.
The shit-as Randy liked to think of it-that happened hadn't taken that away, thank God and sonny Jesus. Things had been fine, great even. Hell, he reasoned, they had been about the best that any man could ever want. Two lady friends kept in their own apartments, neither knew about the other or Donna, and she certainly had never known about them. Stock options that just kept doubling and tripling. Two homes. No fucking little brats running around-he'd seen to that himself, a quick little snip snip at the doctors office. All hush hush of course. More money than God, or at least it had seemed that way. Then the bottom had fallen out of the whole fucking world. Not just his world, he could have handled that he knew, but the whole world. THE WHOLE WORLD. Big capitol letters, just like that, he thought now.
"Fuckin' A right," he mumbled out loud, as he continued down the empty stretch of highway.
When the end had come, it had come quick too. No screwing around. The Russians, the ever lovin' Russians, who were supposed to have been our friends, according to old President Jim Bob, had dropped a couple of nukes on us.
"An what'd we do?" Randy asked aloud to the darkness before him.
"Bombed the bastards right back," he answered himself.
"An what'd they do?"
"Threw a few more at us, "he answered again.
That had been the way it had gone for a whole fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes was all it had been, but as it had turned out it had been more than enough time. More than enough time to kill better than eighty percent of the worlds population. More than enough time to wipe out his world. All of it. After that nobody had give a shit who he was.
He and Donna, along with sixty other people had been in the right place at the right time. Two miles underground taking a courtesy tour of a new mining facility. Randy himself had written the policy. The biggest policy he had ever written in fact. The mine had not yet been opened, but the supplies had already been trucked in and stored for the workers. A ton of supplies, more than enough to see them through the first two years, after that it had been safe to go outside again. Out they had gone, and that had been when Randy had discovered that at least the booze hadn't been blown up by the fucking bomb.
At first he had known he would adapt. This offered possibilities, he had reasoned. Someone must be in control by now, he had reasoned further, and that someone would need a man like Randy. A man with his particular skills. A man that could get things done. But there had been no one. No one at all in charge. And, after the first week outside Randy had realized that there was nothing to be in charge of, nothing to adapt to. The banks were still there-the ones that were still standing that was. You could walk right in and help yourself to as much money as you wanted. But what good was money? None he had come to realize, no good at all. He had gone from a somebody, to an absolute nobody. And nobody-especially Donna-had seemed to give a fuck.
His father had always said you get what you sow, or something like that, he reasoned now. And at first he had thought that had been what had happened. God, whatever God there may or may not be-Randy personally wasn't so sure he hadn't gotten his own ass blasted off when the shit had hit the fan-had maybe decided this was his payback for the life he had led. He had given that about five full minutes of thought. Nope, he had decided. Not possible. God, if there was one, could give two shits about Randy Clark. And if he did he sure as hell could have cared less about what he had done to get to the top. Nope, it was just shit. It had simply happened, and it had simply been Randy's misfortune to get screwed.
That had been the beginning of the end for him. He had found his first bottle in a dark and dusty old liquor store, sat down in the darkened aisle and drank it. The thing with Donna had come two hours after that when she'd finally found him, still sitting in the aisle, and contemplating the nearly empty bottle before him.
"Fuck it. Good riddance," he mumbled now. What he could use right now was another one of those magic little bottles. He was just outside of Wichita, another hour, maybe two, he'd be in Wichita, and there would have to be some laying around there somewhere, wouldn't there?
"Sure there would, Wichita's big," he said aloud.
He took the last pull from the bottle, holding it high a few seconds longer this time. It was after all the end, and you had to hold it for a little longer or those last few drops didn't make it all the way down and into your mouth. He finished, pulled the bottle close to one eye, squinted, satisfied himself that it was indeed empty, and tossed it out into the road. It landed with a hollow clink, rolled towards the middle, but didn't break.
"Don't make road's like they used to," he told himself in a low, yet serious tone of voice. He stumbled forward.
In the last two weeks of drinking and walking, he had seen very few people. Those he had met had shied away from him. Twice cars had zipped past him. The passengers faces seemingly glued to the glass. Staring as they sped by, but never stopping. He had thought about a car himself, but so far he hadn't been able to find one that would start. He supposed there was some way around that, but what that way could be he didn't know. Besides, he had reasoned, there were very few roads clear enough to drive on. Not this one though.
This interstate was amazingly clear, he had noticed earlier, with not a small amount of worry. Cars and trucks had been pushed off into the ditches on both sides. It could mean that there were quite a few people in Wichita, and that would mean less bottles. More already found. Rescued, he liked to think of it, and therefore less for him.
But now he thought that there just might be another reason for the interstate being clear. Far ahead, probably a good couple of miles or so, a pair of headlights had suddenly appeared. So maybe it was clear 'cause people were still driving it, he reasoned, or at least this one somebody was. Maybe somebody in Wichita was in charge, and maybe that someone was just waiting for a man like himself to come along. He could be... Well, a somebody again, he reasoned. A real somebody.
Within just a few seconds the sound of the engine came to him. Only it wasn't right. It wasn't the far off engine drone he had expected. This sounded more like a... A jet, he decided, after a few seconds.
Was he that wiped out? He looked around quickly to assure himself that he was on the interstate, and that he hadn't somehow wound up at an airport. And that was a pretty stupid thought to have, wasn't it? An airport?
He listened carefully... It still sounded more like a jet engine than a car, and that was straight out impossible, and... And, well, the son-of-a-bitch would be here soon anyway, so that would settle that. The car had come a long way while he'd been thinking it over, he saw.
Randy Clark stopped dead at the side of the road and waited. What it probably is, is an hallucination, he told himself, and a good one at that. He'd never had one like this before, but two days ago he'd seen one spectacular looking yellow rabbit, florescent yellow at that, so whatever the fuck this was it'd have to be good to beat that.
He watched as it drew closer, dropped into a dip in the road, and reemerged much closer, screaming louder.
Okay, it was a car, a long car, he could see that, and it must be jet engine powered from the sound of it, and this wasn't a half bad hallucination at all, this might turn out to be every bit as good as the rabbit had been.
Real close now, hogging both fucking lanes, and dragging damn close to the ground too. Red-hot sparks were shooting from the undercarriage, the turbine whine was a earsplitting roar. Randy clapped his hands over his ears, but refused to look away. This was better than the rabbit, much better, and... And what the...
Less than a hundred feet away the car swung sharply from the middle of the road, and straight at Randy Clark. More sparks flew as the undercarriage dug a long groove out of the pavement. Randy had no time to move, let alone think of moving. The car hit him, tossed him into the darkness, and continued on its way without stopping. A single thought flitted through his mind as he tumbled through the air. Payback, he thought, maybe there is a...
His body came back down with a loud, liquid, smack in the middle of the road, but it didn't kill him. It did break his spine and both of his legs, but it didn't kill him...
The pack of wild dog's that discovered him a few hours later did that.


###
Out Along The Border

Sunday night.
I buried the Mexican just after sundown. Out along the border somewhere. I can't say much about the sort of man he was in life, but I can say he was a strong man in death.
The Moon has led my way and I'm on my way across the desert into Mexico of all places.  What did they say, hide in plain sight?  There I'm going to be.  Probably already passed the border, and once I'm across the border I'll find a small town to buy gasoline enough so I can reach South America.
I've played the events of yesterday over and over in my head as I've driven.  It still makes no sense to me at all.  They say shit happens, we'll sometimes it does, and I tell myself that's exactly what happened here.  Some shit decided to happen and I just happened to be there.
Saturday evening.
It was early.  I had nothing better to do so I took a walk downtown just to take a look at the buildings.  Thinking, as I walked, how just a few short years ago I had spent almost all of my time down there.  Chasing a high.  Drunk or both.  And sometimes a third thing: Taking a little comfort with the ladies.  It all came back to me as I walked the streets. 
About three years of my life had been spent like that.  From the day Lilly told me goodbye, until the day I woke up in the alley that runs down the back of West Broad, behind the Chinese restaurant. The back of my head had been lumped up with something or by someone.
Some one, I decided as I began to blink the cobwebs away and felt carefully with my fingers. A lump only, no blood. Probably a closed fist...
 Two feet away from me was a dead rat.  A big dead rat, and a few even larger rats were breakfasting on him.  And, suddenly, just like that, I was done.  That gave me a clear message about the world.  And I heard it.
Of course that didn't mean I got off Scot free. There were many little things I'd done during my long, long slide. And it took time to fix those things. Rehab, jail for some bad checks I couldn't remember.  Bad teeth, health, ideas, depression, suicide, and finally a night where I felt strong enough to take a walk through the worst of my nightmares and see if I was truly over the drugs, the life, the weaknesses that had led me there in the first place.
So that's how I came to be there yesterday evening. Getting my feet wet. Seeing how strong I was... Or wasn't. And it turns out I was strong enough for the temptation of the streets but not over the bad habits I had picked up there. And that's what got me... I cannot believe it was only yesterday when all this started.
I walked by the mouth of the alley twice.  Both times I saw the old Ford sitting there in the deep shadows.  Heard the soft murmur of its engine running.  Some guy and some girl, I thought, or some guy with some guy, or boy who knows what.  It was downtown. Shit like that happened all the time.  But, I thought after the second time, this guy must be trying to set a record.  He'd been there for 15 minutes by my watch, not that it was my business.  All the same, fifteen minutes is a long time for a trick. Or to shoot up. Fifteen minuets could bring a cop. In the street world it was just too long for almost anything. In fifteen minuets you could get your thing on, your drug of choice, and be a half mile away and forgot all about that last little space of time. So why was this guy still there? 
And that was the street part of me that was not gone. The street part of me that was still looking for trouble. And I found it.
The third time by, which was just a few minutes later, I was too curious.  My evening had bought me some excitement.  The drugs, I could see the flow all over the avenue. Easy to see if you knew what to look for. The ladies were calling too. I knew what that was about. I didn't look at them like they were whores, or something less than human. It was a line I couldn't draw, had confused many times, so I came back fast to see what this was. That Ford was calling.
I had stopped at the mouth of the alley. Same Ford. An old one. Like a classic. Nice shape to. Maybe somewhere in the sixties, but I wasn't good with cars like that. I only knew old, classic, nice looking.  
Nobody around.  Of course that didn't mean there was no one in the car. I hesitated for only a second, and then walked quietly down the alley, staying in the shadows as I went.
~
I found the Mexican slumped over behind the wheel.  Blood dripping down the side of his head. A gun on the seat beside him.  Another guy was slumped over into the floorboards on the passenger side. That one was dead for sure. A large, bloodless hole on one side of his chest.  A larger hole behind that shoulder I saw when I reached over to move him. And why are you still here? A little voice in my head whispered. Why are you touching him? What are you doing? But I pushed those warning voices away and continued to look.
There was blood and gore all over the seat on that side. The coppery stench of blood was thick and nauseating. Something else mixed in with it, tugging at my brain.  Blood and...  Fear?  Something. That was when the Mexican spoke in all that silence and nearly made me jump out of my skin.
"Don't call the cops!” and...  “No Policia." His head came away from wheel.  He shook it and drops of blood went flying.  I felt it hit my face. But I was still too stunned to move.
"Hey! ... You hear me, Blanquito? Habla English?  ... No Policia?" He muttered under his breath "Dios Christos," he focused his eyes on me once more. "What's the matter with you?"
"I thought you were dead," I managed.  I should've run.  I chose to talk.
"Yeah...  I get that a lot.  But I ain't dead." He picked up the gun from the seat and before I knew it was in my face.  "Come around the side, Blanquito. Get Lopez out of the car." He waved the pistol and I moved.
Lopez pretty much helped himself out of the car. When I opened the door he spilled out into the alley, leaving the mess on the seat and a large smear of blood on the seat back and the door panel as he went.
"Good...  Good," the Mexican said.  "Now getting in the fuckin' car... No... No... This side. Come back around to this side. I can't drive no car, Blanquito...  Dios!" He waved the gun once more and I moved.  Racing around the hood of the car to the door.
The Mexican did a fair job of getting himself over into the passenger seat. I was glad it was him sitting in Lopez's blood and not me, although I had been about to sit in it.
I slid into the driver's seat.
"You got some kind of car... Truck...  Something like that?" The Mexican asked.
I didn't have a vehicle, but my grandfather had had a truck.  It was sitting in the garage in back of my house. That house had also been my grandfather's. They were the only two things, the house and the truck, that had survived those three years on the streets.
"Sort of."
"Sort of?" He looked around "Get this car moving. That's the first thing... You got a place?... Close by? How does anybody sort of own a fuckin' car anyway?"
"Yeah, I got a place" I said.  I was afraid to answer, but more afraid of not answering fast enough.
"Let's get there, Amigo." He slumped back against the seat. I shifted into drive, worried I might drive over Lopez as I went, and drove us out of the alley.
~
The house was dark. I had thought to leave a light on but I had forgotten. I drove this Ford right into the garage, pulled the garage door back down, and helped the Mexican out.  He looked over at my grandfather's truck.
"That your sort of truck? Looks fine to me, Man.  Doesn't it run?"
The thing is it did run. I had been  working on it here and there. I like to tinker with things. And I had a lot of spare time to fill when I quit drugging so I had turned it to the truck. 
It was an old truck. But I had in the back of my mind to fix it up and drive it. So I had started with an oil change, then installed a new headlight on the driver's side, that sort of stuff, when I had time.
I nodded.  "No plates though."
The Mexican nodded.  "Don't worry about that... Got gas in it?"
"Some...  Enough to get you away."
"Ha, Amigo." He laughed and then clutched the side of his head where the blood still drizzled and spilled down the side of his face, spat some blood from his mouth, and looked back at me. "Us," he said.  "Us."
I saw an amazing thing as he spoke. The Mexican had a small blue hole just above the stream of blood. A hole from a bullet.  In his head. The blood just pulsed out of it as I watched. I wondered how he could possibly even be alive.
We switched the plates to the truck and left the Ford sitting in the garage. I unloaded four big suitcases from the trunk of the Ford into the bed of the pickup truck. The Mexican had me stretch a tarp over the bed of the pickup and tie it off, and we were on the road. Heading for the Mexican border.
On The Road
I drove as he gave me directions. 
We stopped just before dawn at a gas station in the middle of a small desert border town. The Mexican directed me past the dimly lit islands and over toward the side of the station, and the shadowy side lot. 
There was a big hound sleeping in an open bay doorway on one side of the garage. On the other side a thin man with long, greasy-black hair was turning wrenches on an old Plymouth.  He glanced up, nodded, and I nodded back as we pulled around the side of the station and parked in the shadows.
There were payphones bolted to the side wall, just past the Men's room door. I had thought that payphones were a thing of the past. But I had also thought gas stations were a thing of the past too come to think of it.
I helped the Mexican to the phone. He ran about $6.00 worth of change into the phone and then he just stood there, leaned against the wall, panting hard, for what seemed like ten minutes.
Finally he began to speak in a stream of Spanish so heavily accented and fast that I could make no sense of anything he said. Not even the gist of it, and I was usually pretty good when it came to Spanish. 
He sprayed blood from his mouth as he talked. And he leaked blood from the bullet wound in his lower chest all over the wall he was leaning against.
The conversation wound down. I could tell because he spoke less and less. He finally went on a long coughing spasm, spat a few more quick streams of Spanish into the phone and then just dropped the handset. He came staggering off the wall and back to the truck. I rushed to help him back in.
He was breathing hard.  "We got to kill some time. Find a place." 
I nodded. I was tempted to clean off the wall, pick up the handset and put it back on the phone. Someone might see that.  But instead I wheeled out of the parking lot and found a small campground just outside of the town.
The place was deserted so I drove down into the dirt parking area and parked by what was advertised as a lake but looked more like a swampy pond. The roof line of a rusted Chevy rose just above the foul smelling the water. It was near dawn. The sun a red line on the horizon. I wore no watch, but the Mexican kept track of time on his.
The Mexican was bad off, coughing and spitting blood out of the window every few minutes. But he said nothing. Never complained. 
We sat and watched the sunrise in silence. Listened as the birds woke in the trees and began to call back and forth to each other. Finally he looked at his wrist one last time, just as morning was coming on full, and told me to drive back to the gas station.
Along The Border
I had thought the place would be crowded with cops, but I was wrong. The hound dog still slept in the open garage bay doorway, and the thin man with the greasy-black hair was still wrenching on the Plymouth. The hanging phone handset, the blood, now dried to a maroon smear on the handset and the wall was still there. Untouched.
"Hang that fuckin' phone up," the Mexican said. I got out and hung up the phone and it immediately rang in my hand.
"Well answer the thing...  Dios," the Mexican spat. He went into a coughing spasm. I picked up the phone, and an unintelligible string of Spanish launched itself into my ear. I held it away. "For you," I said.
He groaned and levered himself from the truck, stumbled, and then made his way to the pay phone. He took the gun with him. He spoke calmly into the phone for a short time. No rushed spate of Spanish this time, but a low murmur that I could not make any more sense of than I had the rushed torrent. After a time he took the headset from his ear, pressed it against his chest and spoke to me in a near whisper.
"Take this fuckin' gun, Amigo." He handed me the gun that was all splattered with gore and he pulled a second one, equally messy, from his coat pocket. "Watch our backs, Blanquito" he told me.
I suppose I could have shot the Mexican and gone free, but I never had the time to do it. I didn't even have the time to think about doing it until later on.
As I stood there I heard the suck of rubber against the asphalt, the way it will when the road is really hot. And the morning was hot, the road hotter, the way it will get sometimes in the desert. 
The car slowed and pulled into the station. I saw none of that but only perceived it from what my ears told me. A short conversation in Spanish between someone in the car and probably the thin man with the greasy-black hair wrenching on the Plymouth, and I knew that someone would be coming around the side of the gas station in a matter of seconds.
The Mexican heard the same things. He hung up the phone and put one finger to his lips, lurched his way back over to the truck and leaned against the front of the grill for support.  His gun pointed over the hood. Not knowing what else to do I slipped back behind the passenger door and followed suit.
"We should be good... Don't just start killing... But you be ready, 'cause you never know, Muchacho."
Three of them came around the corner. Two men I hadn't seen, and the greasy-haired thin man. He stopped short when he saw the guns aimed at him.
"Dios Mio," he stuttered.
"Vamos," the Mexican said. The greasy-haired thin man slipped backwards and then disappeared around the corner. The other two, hard eyed older men, stood their ground. No weapons in their hands.  Silence held for what seemed a long while.
"Well, you got it," one of the oldsters asked.  It came with such a thick accent that I had to take the time to figure out what he'd said...  "Chew gat et?"
The conversation switched to a quick spate of Spanish then.  That went back and forth between the two men and the Mexican for a few minutes and then silence came back so hard I could hear a bird calling in the distance. The sound of a big rig on the highway, and that was a few miles away. One of the oldsters nodded, turned, and walked away. He came back around the corner of the building a few minutes later with two large duffel bags and tossed them on the ground between us. They slid a couple of feet towards us and then stopped in front of the truck.
"Get them bags, Amigo," the Mexican told me.
I looked at him like he was crazy.  But of course he was crazy, and there was nothing I could do except come around the hood, a pistol in one hand, eyes on those two older men. 
I stopped by the hood when I suddenly realized that I had a problem. I could not pick up both duffel bags without putting the gun away. I debated briefly, stuffed the gun into the waistband of my pants and picked up the bags.
"In the cab," the Mexican said. I Levered the door of the cab open and set them inside. "Strip off that tarp."
The tarp came off and the two men came forward and lifted out the suitcases. The Mexican and the two others stared at each other for a few moments, then the oldsters walked away. I watched them turn the corner and they were gone.
I started to get back into the truck when the Mexican wagged his head and put one finger to his lips. I pulled my gun back out, scared to death. It was maybe a second after I got the gun back in my hand that the two came back around the corner ready to take us out.
I shot first. Unintended. Pure reaction. The gun was in my hand and happened to be pointed in that direction and I fired out of reflex. One of the oldsters heads exploded.  Something tugged at my collar, and then the Mexican dropped the other guy. A second... Less than a second and it was over. The silence didn't come again, this time there were sounds in the silence. The hound dog up and baying. Excited voices in Spanish somewhere close by.
"Now we go," the Mexican said.  "Now we go, Amigo."
I needed no coaching. I was in the truck and backing out of the gas station fast. The rear tires hopping and screeching on the pavement. A black Caddy sat on the tarmac, just past the pumps, engine idling. The doors hung open.
"Stop!...  Stop!" The Mexican yelled. "Get them bags back!"
I stalled the truck stopping without pushing the clutch in, ran to the Caddy and got the bags along with two others from the back seat. I threw them all into the back of the truck and I had started back to the driver side when the Mexican shot.
I didn't think I just hit the ground and I didn't come back up until the Mexican began cursing at me to get back in the truck.  I looked back at the gas station when I did. The man with the greasy-black hair lay sprawled in the open stall. A shot gun off to one side. The hound dog stood stiffly, head in the air, howling. Blood ran from the man's body toward a floor drain. Voices raised in Spanish, loud, somewhere close by. And the Mexican yelling at me. I threw myself into the cab, got the truck started and got out of there fast. And here I am now running across the desert heading to Mexico.
Sunday night
The rest of the time has been fast driving. I kept expecting the cops at any moment, but they never showed up. I didn't even know the Mexican had been shot again until later on when I realized he was coughing up less blood and sounded as though we were drowning instead. I could not even say when  it was that he died, but sometime late afternoon if I had to guess. He had not spoken in some time and when I looked over at him his lips had turned blue.

When I pulled him out to bury him in a little dry wash off the highway I saw a new hole in the upper part of his chest. Right through the shirt and into the lung on that side, I guessed.  Two lung shots, and a head shot, and he had still been going.  I couldn't see how he lived so I wasn't surprised that he had died. 
He died well. As well as can be expected considering it's dead after all. He didn't cry or beg, or curse. He just died. Slipped away.
~
After I buried the Mexican I checked the suitcases and duffel bags. After all, they were mine now. And I wanted to know what everybody was in such a hurry to die for.
The duffel bags were no surprise. They were stuffed full of money and guns. They were big duffel bags. They held a lot.  An awful lot.
Two of the suitcases were surprises. I thought drugs, what else do people get killed for? But, no. 
Of the others, one held more money, clothes and passports. I.D. That sort of stuff. All with the Mexican's picture. Then the other two suitcases that shocked me. One contained the body of a dead dog. Shot full of holes and stuffed in there. 
The other held the head and hands of someone I was sure was wishing he had them back. The last two suitcases did contain drugs. More than I'd ever seen in one place before.
I took out the money and added it to the duffel bags. I buried the Cocaine and the dog along with the Mexican. I had no idea what the suitcases were all about. I still don't. And I don't want to know. I do know there was a fortune in Cocaine and I did not want to tempt myself with it. 
Later I got the truck cleaned up at one of those self car washes on the other side of the border, turned off the highway with a full tank of gas a few miles up the road from there, and I'm running in the moonlight. I've got a map of South America.  I hope to find a road before I run out of gas. I figure I'll work my way down into South America as far as I can go. I don't know where I'll go from there, there hasn't been time to think about where...


###


Blackness Of The Soul
Paul Brown settled the barrel of the nine Millimeter pistol against his left palm, curled his hand around it as if to hold it forever, and then released it finger by finger. A sob escaped his throat and a fat tear drop rolled down his left cheek and splashed against the butt of the pistols grip where the clip protruded slightly. He took his free hand, wiped the tear away and then reached for the beer that sat beside him.
He raised the can to his mouth, drank deeply, and then continued to stare at the black pistol that rested in his right hand. Once again his left hand closed around the barrel, but lightly. Stroking it. Caressing it. He fished a cigarette from the pack beside him on the floor, thumbed the wheel of his old Zippo and pulled the harsh tobacco smoke into his lungs.
The smoke, or the beer, or both seemed to calm him, at least momentarily. His chest hitched but he stifled the sob this time. The sobs frightened him more than the gun. The sobs came on their own and there seemed to be no way to fight or stop them. They were a life unto themselves. The gun on the other hand only had to speak once. And technically he would never hear it.
“Probably never hear it,” he whispered into the semi darkness of the living room. He had pulled the curtains on the outside world. Blocked it away from him.
Probably never hear it. He wondered about the truth of the statement for what seemed to be an excessive amount of time to him, caught himself, and took another deep drink of the cold beer followed by a near frenzied pull from the cigarette. He waited on the sob but it came when he didn't expect it. A flood of tears came with it, falling from his eyes, staining his reddened cheeks before he could think to try and stop it.
“Oh, God,” he moaned. He sucked in a deep breath, lifted the pistol to his mouth and bumped the barrel across his teeth and into his mouth.
Everything seemed to freeze. The taste of oiled metal flooded his mouth He gagged, and then nearly squeezed the trigger too hard because of it. Panicked, he ripped the gun from his mouth tearing open his upper lip on the gun site as he did.
He was breathing hard. He needed to calm down. The tears just continued to fall. His cheeks felt raw. His eyes full of sand. His head began to pound harder. It had begun to pound earlier. He thought about that too. No more headaches. None. No more worries. No more anything at all. He sighed and returned the gun to his lips. He could taste the oil and metal once more, mixed with the blood from the torn lip.
His lips did not seem to want to part. He eased the gun away, took a deep drag off the cigarette, his breath shuddered in and out. He tipped the can and took a deep drink to rinse his mouth of the tastes that had made him gag, then upended the can and drained it. He reached over and pulled another beer from the bag on the carpeted floor, took another deep drink to rinse the tastes from his mouth and then lit a new cigarette from the butt of the old one. He dropped the old butt into the freshly emptied can beside him. He pulled the smoke deeply into his lungs and then let it drift from his nose as he slowly exhaled, trying to calm himself. If he could only think this out, his mind jabbered. He took another deep drink from the can.
In a way it would be nice to sit down and think this through, but in another way he didn't care if he ever had another thought in his life. He didn't want to take the time to think it out at all. He had made up his mind earlier. In a few minutes, when he finished the cigarette and the beer he'd do it, he decided.
He didn't want to die with a lit cigarette in his mouth and burn down the house. Anne had to live here... Well, maybe not, but even so she'd have to sell it or something... If she didn't lose it...
He pulled hard on the cigarette as if rushing it to its end so he could rush his own end. He took a deep drink from the beer and felt the headache ease back a little.
He could feel the buzz from the beer. Maybe it would knock down the headache after all. Either way the headache was not long for this world, he decided.
Calm seemed to come over him all at once. The sob that he had been waiting for didn't come. His chest didn't hitch. His cheeks still felt irritated, his eyes full of sand, his mind weary and removed from him to a degree, but the hysteria he had been sure was going to grab him didn't make another appearance.
Through the curtains he could see the late afternoon sunlight. Still gold in the sky. Heating up his part of the south. There was no noise except the steady rumble of the air conditioner. Whatever heat the sun held was lost on him today.
He pulled on the cigarette, noticed that it was all but dead and dropped it into the can with the last one. He upended the beer can and drained it. He waited, expecting the sobs to come back but the calm remained. He sighed once, was surprised to find that the gun was only inches from his lips, opened his mouth and slid the barrel in. The hysteria stayed at bay. He adjusted the barrel so it would be more comfortable, sighed at the absurdity of that thought, and then squinted his eyes down as his finger tightened on the trigger.
~2~
“How do you feel, Paul?”
Paul blinked and tried to look around him. He found that it was not entirely possible. He couldn't really turn around to where the voice had come from no matter how he tried.
“It doesn't matter though,” the same voice said.
And it didn't. It became completely unimportant right then. Just like that.
“How do you feel?”
“I'm pretty upset. I...” He stopped. He had been pretty upset, but he wasn’t now. Now he felt... Well, at peace.
“That's good, Paul. You should feel at peace.”
“It feels good,” he said. It seemed entirely normal that whoever was behind him could read his mind... Am I dead?
“I wanted to talk to you about how you got here, Paul.”
“How?”
“How.”
The time spun out.
“I stole about... I guess I don't even know how much... I kept stealing and it kept adding up. And I knew they'd catch it... And they did... My boss must have called the cops,“ Paul said.
“Actually the company accountant... But I meant how you got here... To this point.”
“I... … I don't know what you mean.”
“To kill yourself, Paul. I mean how did you get to this point where you decided to kill yourself... Take your own life... How did you reach that point, Paul?”
“Oh... I thought about it... I...” He stopped and thought about it. “I see... It's just tough to understand... I don't really know exactly... Are you God?”
“Do you think of me as God?”
Paul thought about it. “I think I do... I think so... I believe you are God.”
“Then I am.”
“You are? … Really? You really are God?”
“I really am, Paul...”
His voice was soft. Reassuring.
“I... I thought you would sound different... I... Am I dead?”
“No... Not yet... You have some little time left... I thought, since you asked, that before you do something that will change everything we should talk.”
Paul nodded. “I prayed... Earlier I prayed.”
“I know... You know, Paul, people sometimes think I don't listen to prayer anymore... If I ever did. They tell themselves that and then they begin to believe it. I do listen though. I do. Every prayer. Every time. Do you believe that, Paul?”
“I do... I mean I do now. I do know that now. I'm ashamed to say that.”
“Don't be. There is no shame here. You are used to saying words that really don't mean anything true. They are there, you say them... In this case you say that you are ashamed when you are not ashamed.”
Paul examined himself. “You're right... I don't feel ashamed. I feel good still. At peace still.”
“So how did you get here. How did you come to be here? Who told you that suicide was a solution?”
“I... It was painful... My wife will leave me. We'll lose everything... The kids... I can't imagine what the kids will do... Feel... It seemed... It seemed right.”
“Did it?”
Paul thought about it. “Maybe not... It felt like the only choice I had.”
“Yet you called out to me. Why?”
“Because... Because I used to believe in you... I...”
He laughed. “And I am still here. Did you think I had died? Did you think I had stopped believing in you?”
“Some people think so... That you died.”
“You?”
“No... I guess the truth is I just stopped believing... I believed in other things... Taxes... Bills... Mortgage payments... Summer... Fall...”
“The things you see every day.”
“That's a good way to put it.”
“I have a way with words.”
Paul laughed and then stopped. “I thought maybe that was a joke.”
”It was... Do you wish you had not stopped believing? Do you see how things could have been different?”
“I can see that now, but what good is it after the fact? I pulled the trigger... I remember that.”
“Did you? I think you asked me to help... Sometimes I help in unexpected ways... Thomas needed to see... To place his hand in my side... Peter needed to see me risen... Sometimes my people ask me for help and then don't recognize the help when it comes.”
“Like now?”
“Like now, yes. It's time to think. To breath... To make a decision... A different decision.”
“Then what?” Paul asked.
“Then? ... What comes, comes... I know what it is to live. I have felt what you feel. Struggled with the same temptations. We take it as it comes to us, Paul.”
“So the problems would still be there?”
“Yes.”
“That's help?” Paul asked.
“I will help you all that you will allow.”
Paul thought about it and realized it was true.
“So... How did you end up here?”
“I guess I just walked away... I guess I chose to do that.”
You still choose words that are untrue. Do you guess or do you know?”
“I know. I walked away.”
“You know, it's a split second decision... Many times if you take the time to think you can get through whatever comes at you.”
Paul nodded, took a deep breath. “I see.”
~3~
The finger stopped. He remembered something... Something... Summer. A thousand years ago it seemed... Anne... When they had first met... The picture in his mind was so perfect, so intense. So real, and a flood of images followed it... But... There had been something else there for a moment, hadn't there? He had been focusing on the trigger... The pressure... And there had been something else there... Just for a moment... It seemed so. It seemed as though he had been ready to pull the trigger and... And someone...
He pulled the barrel from his mouth and sucked in a deep breath. Whatever it might have been it was gone now. The sobbing came back with the fresh air. The pistol slid from his hand and fell to the carpet with a soft clunk. He lowered his head into his hands and let the tears take over...
Private Investigations.

Nine Fifty Nine A.M. 
I lowered my wrist to my side, settled myself back into the shadows of the treeline and raised my binocs to my eyes.
I swept the back deck and rear entrance, shot across the fence to the next house in line: Nothing; and nothing. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe I had been wrong all along.
Being a private detective isn't all thrills. Most of the time it's doing exactly what I was doing: Sitting and waiting. For hours sometimes, with little to show Other times you just happen to walk into the middle of something, get everything you need in those few seconds and feel a little guilty about even charging for it, let alone keeping the retainer... If there was a retainer... But of course I always fight past that. After all money, making a living, is why I do this job.
Apparently this job wasn't going to be one of those kinds of jobs, but what kind of job was it going to be? Hard to tell.
I was watching the house of Paul and Melinda Fields. At Melinda Field's request. She was a friend of my wife Joan. So you would think that the request would have come from my wife to help her friend, but it had not. It had not come that way at all. It had come instead in the form of a phone call to my office. Melinda had called and asked me to meet with her, and she asked me to keep it quiet. She didn't want her friends to know, meaning my wife too, I concluded.
I was okay with that. You get a lot of that sort of thing as a private eye. People think odd things, maybe they're even a little paranoid. If a woman or a man thinks his or her loved one is cheating on them they sometimes want to keep the information as quiet as possible. They want to know. You're the private dick so it's okay if you know, but they don't want anyone else to know.
This was day two and I was about to burn up the retainer. I had nothing at all to show for it. But as I said that is the private detective game most of the time. Waiting and seeing. I simply hadn't seen anything. Well, almost nothing. Apparently Paul did keep things from his wife. Right now for instance he was supposed to be at his office. He wasn't of course. Joan had left for work, but he hadn't. And more than once he had checked the windows as though he were expecting someone. Peeking out of the drapes, sliding the deck door open and peeking out before he stepped outside sipping his coffee as he looked around and then quickly stepped back inside. Odd.
Odd, but not exactly indicative of much of anything at all. He had done nearly the same thing yesterday and I had wasted nearly four hours watching him pace the deck, check the windows, pace the kitchen, refill his cup, pace the deck some more, and then finally get in his car and drive to the office in the early afternoon.
Paul Fields was a contractor. Not one of the big ones, but not one of the small ones either. They lived in a nice subdivision. Melinda sold real estate. Between the two of them they did very well. She drove a nice BMW and he drove a new Ford pickup. One of the big ones with the big price tags. It looked as though it had never hauled anything in its life. All shiny black and chrome. Lots of chrome.
The man lived in Jeans, work boots and button up chambray work shirts. He was in his early forties, looked thirty five. Fit, attractive in some ways. I could see why she might think he was  screwing around. I just didn't see any evidence of it if he was. Maybe, I thought, I should have run it past Joan. Maybe she felt this same thing a few times a year, once a month. Who knew. The only thing that had stopped me was that Melinda had made it a condition of hiring me. And so I hadn’t.
I lowered the glasses, slipped a cigarette from my pack and lit it, and then settled back to smoke as I watched. I know, they'll kill me, but isn't life killing us all everyday? I know, I know, excuses. I got a ton of them.
I took a deep drag and blew the smoke out my nose. I glanced at my watch. Another hour and that would be it.
It was about then that things got interesting. Paul had had the drapes open on the rear sliders. They suddenly swept shut. My first thought was that he was about to leave for the office, but out of the corner of my eye I caught a taxi drift up to the curbing a few houses down and stop. It sat idling for a few moments and then the back door popped open and a woman stepped out and hurried off down the walk toward Paul's house.
I got the camera up and snapped a few dozen pictures before she was out of my line of sight, but who knew what they might be worth? She was moving fast and her face was not fully turned toward the camera. She had one hand up, brushing at her hair as she walked. I changed the card and slipped the other into my pocket. I hated to be short when I needed to shoot.
There was a gap in the drapes. I couldn't see much through the shadows as I focused with my binoculars. The digital camera didn't offer much better on zoom, but I clicked a few shots off anyway. Many times I had found the money shot in the pictures I didn't think would be worth anything at all. I then began to scan the second floor bedroom drapes for movement. There was a set of sliders there too that opened onto an upper deck.
A little movement caught my eye so I kept the lens focused there. Something or someone brushed up against the drapes, they stuttered open for a brief instant and I clicked off another dozen shots out of habit. You just never knew where the money shot was going to be, or if there was even going to be one, but if you didn't shoot you couldn't get anything.
I put in another hour, but there was nothing much to see. I had just about made up my mind to shift my cover to the front of the house just in case she slipped out earlier than I thought she would, when a Yellow Cab rolled up to the curb of the house next door, and then coasted to a stop, presumably, out of my line of site in front of Paul's house. I cursed under my breath. Piss poor planning on my part. No other way to see it. I could have gotten a clear shot of the woman, whoever she was.
All in all it made no difference though. The retainer was shot, and most people never went past the retainer. He was fooling around with someone, most likely, and maybe one of the shots I took would even be enough for Melinda to recognize who the woman was. If though, proof was all she was after, she had that.
I retreated back into the woods and made my way to a dead end service road where I had parked earlier, tossed my gear onto the front seat of the beat up old Dodge I used for surveillance, and followed it in. A half a day shot. I had another case to look into, a simple straight forward process serve. I had some good information on where the person should be, hopefully she would be. Maybe it could be a slam dunk kind of a day. Well, except for missing the exit shot. I cursed once more under my breath as I keyed the old Dodge and headed back into town.
~2~
Nine Twenty Seven P.M.
I shifted into park, dropped the keys into my coat pocket and levered open my door. At the last moment I turned and retrieved my binocs, camera and the small .380 I usually carried when I was somewhere where unexpected things might happen.
The process serve had been a bust, I was tired and grouchy. I palmed the small gun in one hand. I had found myself in the woods more than once on surveillance jobs. Bad neighborhoods a few times too. The .380 was small in my hand, but a large comfort in my head.
I had started with the gun after a friend of mine who worked for the PD and moonlighted as a private eye, small stuff, mostly process serving, had been ambushed by an angry husband he had been trying to serve divorce papers on. He'd been shot four times and had barely survived the hurried ambulance trip to the hospital emergency room. The PD career was done, and the private eye stuff too, although a few of us threw him a bone when we could: When he was sober. I decided I'd rather have something to show.
I had nearly bought a .44 caliber, but one test fire had convinced me to leave that for something smaller and hopefully non fatal. I know, I shouldn't really be concerned with that. After all if I am going to have to use a gun to defend myself it should be capable of laying someone down. I just haven't been able to believe in it yet. I have flashed the .380 twice and ended violent confrontations right there. My ex-PD friends say don't pull it unless you mean to use it... Maybe... Someday.
I dropped the camera and the gun into my other coat pocket, wound the binoc strap around my hand and walked around the back to where my office is. Joan and I have a deal. I don't track whatever I have been walking through all day into the house and she won't divorce me. She was that passionate about it. I emptied my pockets, slipped off my boots I used for the woods, which did, I noticed, have something that could have been mud, bear shit or even dog shit that I could have picked up crossing my own back yard, on them. Joan's poodle, Mister Tibbles. We've agreed to hate each other. I thought about a sniff test, decided to pass, I never could distinguish poodle shit from bear shit anyway, slid on my slippers and walked the shoes to the back door.
Joan called down from the upper level, probably the kitchen. More specifically the bar that was just off the kitchen. My office was on the lower level. You could translate that as basement and you would be correct. I would only add converted basement.
“Yeah... It's me,” I called back.
“Be careful in the backyard. I took Mister Tibbles out and I couldn't see where he went.”
That answered that question. “Uh huh,” I answered.
Nothing else floated down to me. I left the landing and walked down to my office. I transferred the pictures off the two cards, then opened my image program as I dialed Melinda's number. She picked up on the first ring. Her voice low, sexy. It said Please buy this property from me, baby. Sexist, yes, I know. I try not to be. And I felt even worse about being one because of the bad news I was about to give her.
“Mike,” I said.
“Oh... Mike.” She sounded surprised.
I ignored it as I loaded the pictures and searched through them one by one. “Melinda, I have some bad news.... I'll send you a report on this but I thought I should call and talk to you just the same... Instead of you reading it in a report.” I searched through the thumbnails as they came up. “I have a few things left to do but essentially... You were right, Melinda... There's no easy way to put it, your husband Paul is seeing someone.”
I continued flicking through the thumbnails and selected two that might be useful. One shot through the upstairs drapes showed a woman. I ascertained that from the dress she wore. Her face however was turned away from the camera, a blurry blob in shadow.
The second photo showed her hurrying from the cab. Part of her face was obscured by one hand. I would work on both photos as well as I could and try to get something that Melinda could identify. Melinda stayed silent on the phone.
“I don't know who the woman is,” I admitted. “She outfoxed me and that doesn't usually happen. Maybe she was being careful or maybe she's a little paranoid... I...”
“I know who she is, Mike.”
I stopped. “You do?”
“Yes... I... I had hoped you would identify her though... I wanted to be absolutely sure.” She said sure, but she sounded very unsure.
I transferred the two pictures to some other software, started with the first one from the bedroom shot through the drapes, and selected the areas to work on.
“Mike,” Melinda said even more softly.
“I'm looking over a few photos I shot right now. Trying to get a good, clear face shot,” I told her. She sounded on the verge of tears. Like she was unraveling over the phone. It made me wish I hadn't addressed it over the phone at all.
The face became clearer pixel by pixel. I have a good machine, it didn't take long, and I didn't have to bother with the other photo. “The picture's coming up, Melinda,” I told her, but my words clogged in my throat as the picture finally came up, and I fell silent myself. She spoke into my silence.
“Mike... I would have told you, Mike... Mike?” She sounded panicked.
“What?” I managed.
“I wasn't sure... Not completely, Mike.”
“But you hired me to find out? Me? Why didn't you hire someone else?” A hard ball had settled into the pit of my stomach.
“I... I don't know... I thought... I thought... I thought you would want to know... Mike... Mike I didn't really think it through. I was angry... Upset... I wasn't thinking straight, Mike. I wasn't.” Now it was her turn to fall silent. I could just barely hear her breathing over the phone in the hardness of the silence.
“I'll send the retainer back, “ I said at last into the silence. “You... You know maybe this was best... I don't guess I would have wanted one of my friends to be the guy on this... Finding out. It's just a little hard to think right now.”
“Sure it is,” She agreed. “I'm so upset.” She sobbed once as if trying to choke it back and then the soft sound of her crying came over the phone.
I was not at the point of tears. I was at the point of anger. That hard place where it's brand new and you can't seem to swallow it down. I was there, at that place. It's a hard goddamn place to be and I realized she had been there too, maybe still was. It was also a dangerous place to be.
“I have to get the hell out of here,” I told her. Twice I had found my eyes locked on the .380 where I had set it on the desktop what seemed like a million years ago.
“Me too... It makes me sick to know it for a fact.” She was still crying but trying to get herself under control.
It was spur of the moment, but my mouth opened and with no artifice the words tumbled forth.
“I have a cabin... It's nearly the weekend... Up in Maine... It's a drive... Isolated... A good place to think.” Silence from the phone. “If you wanted to... Oh hell.”
She laughed a small laugh, followed by sniffles and a few seconds of silence. “I'll meet you somewhere?” She asked.
“Airport? … You could leave your car in the long term lot... Pick it up Monday or so...”
“Let me get some things together...” She went back to crying for a few moments. “I'll just... Just leave him a note.” She laughed again, sharply this time. “You know what, I won't... I'll be there in... An hour? An hour, Mike?”
I nodded and then realized she couldn't see that. And so I told her I would meet her there in an hour. I clicked off, slid the phone into my pocket and just sat there for a moment. My eyes dropped back down to the gun and it seemed to hold me hypnotized for a length of time. Like a spell I had to break. I forced myself to look away. I got up and walked away from it. I went up to our bedroom and filled an old suitcase.
I half expected Joan to walk in, see what I was doing and stop me, but she didn't. I expected her to say something when I came back down the stairs and crossed through the kitchen to the back door, but again she didn't. If she was sitting there in the gloom of the bar area or had migrated farther into the shadows of the living room, I couldn't say. She said nothing. Mister Tibbles growled lightly and that was it.
I moved the car, backed my Jeep out of the garage and out into the street. A few minutes later I was cruising the interstate through the darkness, heading for the airport.
AFTER DEATH
JUNE: Jimmy Chang's
"So, listen, it's like this. When I die... No... It has nothing to do with when I die. Okay, when the people in my life who have fucked me over die? They will have to pay for what they did to me," Bobby said.
"Oh. Oh, okay. I got it. The eventual retribution deal. In other words, okay, fuck me over right now, but when I die you are so fucked," John said.
"Okay. Yes, but not totally. I won't get them back, God will do it for me."
John chuckled. "So God, the God, will personally pay these low rent bastards back for you... Sweet. Very sweet."
Bobby nodded. "And it's all biblical too. I mean completely. God says he'll take care of it. Don't worry about it. I got you."
"I would like to hear God say I got you somewhere, because to be honest I have never heard him say it here. It seems kind of like a scam though that you got to wait until you're dead to hear it. I mean what the fuck is that? Who can say if that's the deal, whether it's real or not? I mean that is kind of a perfect con job. That's like... That's like those bank account scams. You know, the guy approaches you and says: Hey! I got a million dollars in this account but those bastards won't let me have it. Talking about some sort of fucking transfer fee. That's fucked up too because I don't have no transfer fee. I mean, that's fucked up isn't it? I can't get the money... My own goddamned money it's my money, without this transfer fee."
"Jesus Christ, you make me wanna give you the fuckin' money, Johnny."
"Exactly. And that is the scam. You give me my money for the goddamn transfer fee. We set it all up legal too. and bam. I got you. I'm gone. Your money's gone. It's a wrap, and you never see that money back or whatever I promised extra to you to get you to do it. So... So this thing is the same. You're dead, how do you know?"
The crowd in the bar was quiet. It was early yet, so the noisy later, younger crowd wasn't in yet.
Jimmy Chang's was a neighborhood bar. You wouldn't think so in East Glennville which seemed predominantly white, but the Asians had been here for far longer than some of the prominent white families. Jimmy Chang's grandfather had come for the railroad work out west back in the 1800's. When the work died out he had brought his family north and settled in Glennville. There were three branches of the family now. Jimmy, who ran the bar the old man had built first and saw through the dry years of prohibition. His sister Alice who ran Chang's which was about the closest thing that Glennville had to a Coat and Tie restaurant. And Jimmy's uncle Lilly who owned a truck stop just outside of the city. The truck stop was known across the U.S. by truckers who had spread the word. Bobby had eaten there more than once. It was better food than any of the other nearby diners, and more of it too.
Bobby smiled, ignoring the pain in his side. It had been there a few days now. Maybe a little too much jogging, that stitch in your side that didn't want to go away. Maybe he had pulled or sprained something. Who could tell. He'd had it before, or something like it, and it had passed. This would too."Listen, Johnny... It won't be like that for me because I'll be right there... I'll know... I'll see it."
"No... No... I mean, like... You are alive now... I'm alive now. Two seconds from now I drop dead, how in fuck do you know what I see or don't see? How can you know even? I mean you have to die to collect, that's pretty suspect to me, man. No die. No know," Johnny shrugged his shoulders.
Bobby nodded. "I know. I see. But I..."
"… Been dead before... I know..." He shook his head. "It's about the only thing that makes me believe."
"Me dying?"
"Yep. I mean I believe you. I don't think you made it up. I've known you all of your life. I believe it."
"Me too," Bobby agreed. They both laughed.
Back in fourth grade Bobby had gone fishing alone. He had Crossed the Black while the damn wasn't running, and crossed over to Saints island to fish. He had been to that island before as a younger kid with his dad. It was an easy cross. But Bobby didn't know anything about the dam and the levels of water in the Black. How they could change in a matter of a minute or two. When he had started back across the Black to get back to the main road he had slipped and gone under. A power company employee had just happened to see his head as he went under. He had managed to get Bobby and get him to shore, but he had stopped breathing, his lungs full of water.
Bobby had been in the hospital for a month in a coma. Then one day he had woke up. The same old Bobby. Like nothing had ever happened. Except he swore that he had not been dead that whole time, or gone away from his body even when he had been dead on the river bank. He claimed to remember every part of it, all of it, right down to the power company employee's thoughts as he had hauled Bobby out. This kids a goner, he had thought. Ain't no hope for him at all.
Still he had gone to work, picking up his arms, flushing out his lungs, pounding his back, compressing his chest to empty the lungs. If you worked at the power house on the dam the training was required. He had never used until that time. 
He had even turned Bobby upside down and wailed his back hard enough to leave bruises. He had been as surprised at anyone else had been later when Bobby had coughed, sputtered, and then began to breath once more. He had laid him out on the seat of the power company truck and drove him the three miles to the Glennville Community hospital.
Johnny had never forgot Bobby relating that experience to him. He had tried to tell his parents but they had dismissed it. Johnny hadn't. Over the years the story had never changed and Johnny had come to believe it.
He sighed and looked around the bar. The day was growing old, already a few of the younger crowd had wandered in. Looking to nail down a stool or a booth for the evening.
“Coming in earlier and earlier everyday, huh?” Bobby said.
“Exactly what I was thinking... Pretty soon it wont be our place anymore at all.” Johnny sighed again.
“Hey, let's go to Lilly's. They got those tables right outside. The night is nice. Shit, summer will be gone before we know it. I'll buy steaks, what do you say?” Bobby asked.
“I say that sounds goddamn good to me, that's what I say,” Johnny agreed. He threw a ten on the bar and then followed Bobby out of the bar.
JULY: Jimmy Chang's
The bar was beginning to fill up. A young guy with a shaved head and a couple pounds of metal in his face slid in next to Bobby and eyeballed him hard. Bobby turned away. He looked over at Johnny and Johnny raised his eyebrows in a What The Fuck gesture.
Bobby had swung by Johnny’s work place at the Ford dealership and picked him up after work. Johnny's car was in the shop. He could have gotten a rental right through the dealership, cheaply too, but that went against Johnny's principle of paying for something he could get for free. A ride from Bobby was free. Always had been since they had been in high school driving clunkers that would have been better off in the junkyard. Johnny had always joked that somehow Bobby always seemed to get the better junker. It broke down less, ran better, was more reliable. He didn't know how that could be but it had always worked out that way.
“Time moves on. It all becomes relative,” Bobby said picking up a conversation on politics that Bobby himself had started. The kids cologne drifted across to him. Something from back in high school. Patchouli maybe, heavy and cloying. He picked up his beer and took a deep drink. His usual smile was not in evidence.
"Yeah...” Johnny cleared his throat and took a sip of his own drink. “I just hate those bastards. Relative or not, and I ain't saying it isn't relative to the way we vote, live, whatever, but the politicians seem to stay the same. No good, broke down lying bastards that would gladly swipe a lollipop from a little kid and then sell it back to them in the guise of some public work project. And! “ He smiled widely. “Make the kid think he had gotten something in the deal.”
That bought a ghost of a smile to Bobby's lips. “Hey, let's take this out back,” Bobby suddenly suggested.
“Uh... Sure,“ Johnny agreed. “You gonna pound my ass or what? Sorry I called the politicians all broke down bastards, I know Ruth's brother Don is one” Ruth was Bobby’s wife of twenty five years.
Bobby laughed. “No ass pounding, just need a little fresh air.” He shot a hard look at the young guy who looked away and nursed his flavored vodka. “Besides, that fucker Donnie is the worst of the worst.” He laughed and Johnny joined in. He caught Jimmy's eye and motioned toward the back door. Jimmy nodded. He didn't like his bottles walking out. He owed the deposit on them. And he was one tight fucker, but he knew that Bobby would be bringing his bottle back.
They stepped out into the bright moonlight of early evening. The air was cooler. For the last several days it had been super hot. Global warming they said, global holy shit it's hot, he thought.
”So what's up with you? … You putting your garage addition on this year," Johnny asked, fishing for the subject that had bought them outside.
"Oh yeah. Yeah it's going up. Got the loan. It's in the bank account. Hired Jeremy Jefferson. Starts in two weeks."
"Shit. I'm hanging out over there every night after it's done."
"Me too," Bobby agreed. They both laughed again. Bobby sighed heavily. “Cancer, man, the big C.” He sipped at his beer. “All through me... Nothing to do for it.”
Johnny was struck silent. “I don't even know what to say,” he said at last.
“Well there's nothing to say,” Bobby agreed.
“But you're still gonna build that addition?”
“Yeah... Hell yeah... I've waited for that forever. Besides. I've know men that had a few months that far outlived that.”
“That what they said? A few months.”
“At the outside,” Bobby said quietly.”
The silence spun out. A small group of bats left the tall chimney, which was all that remained of an old plant across the tracks, and flew across the moon.
“Goddamn Indiana Brown Bats,” Johnny said.
“Yep. Had to tear the factory down, but they couldn’t touch the stack. Had to fix it up instead... Preserve it... Christ they'll be sticking money into that stack for the next several centuries to keep it up. Can't let it fall it's their natural home now.”
“Yeah... I was shocked when the EPA decided to do that.” The bats flew off and the silence returned.
“So... What you gonna do... I mean really... What are you going to do? What can I do?” Johnny turned to Bobby.
“Really nothing... Come on over and hang out. Watch the garage go up. I'm positive I'll beat this shit. I don't really even feel bad... Sick.”
“Sounds like you don't believe it,” Johnny said.
“You know what? That's right. This ain't like being dead... I don't feel it. I feel like it isn't real. Just a phase in my life someone got wrong is all...” He made eye contact and winked. “You know that once that fucking Donnie tried to talk me into some land deal? Swamp land.”
'Yeah.. I remember you telling me. Real fucking swamp land too,” Johnny laughed.
“Bastard sold it all and him and his partners made a few million on the down low. Who would think you could sell swampland? Not me.”
Their laughter rose up into the moonlit summer sky. Bobby tipped his beer bottle, drained it, looked at Johnny, "Another?"
"Yeah... One more," Johnny agreed and laughed.
OCTOBER: Bobby's House
Johnny Sanders stood at the edge of the sidewalk and stared at the half finished garage. His German Shepard Tank beside him. Ruth, Bobby's wife, had stopped the construction as soon as he had died. The garage had sat there unfinished all through the balance of the summer and into early fall. He had heard the new owners intended to finish it before winter. He thought about that. Bobby Johnson was barely cold in his grave and some other guy was going to finish his garage and sit down and have himself a beer. A beer Johnny and Bobby had planned to have once it was done, and never had. Never had had time for. Bobby had dropped dead two weeks later of a massive heart attack. Forty three. Healthy. Worked out twice a week. Ran. Bang. Out of the blue. And Ruth had already sold the house and been gone for three weeks. Gone for three weeks. Back to her people in Minnesota. Jesus please us.
Tank's nails clicked on the pavement and Johnny looked back at the sidewalk from the garage. The German Shepherd wagged his bushy tail and cocked his head. Johnny smiled. So the big C hadn't touched him. How was that for ironic? He wondered briefly about the life after death conversation they had had. Well, he decided now, if there was some kind of life after death Bobby was right there. He lifted his head and looked around. Maybe even right here watching him. He wondered about that for a few moments and then the big dog whined, breaking into his thoughts.
"Yeah... Let's go, Tank. Let's finish this walk, buddy."
Tank needed no further urging, casually examining both sides of the walk as he began padding down the sidewalk once more, tugging lightly at his leash.
THE LAST RIDE

It was early in my shift. I owned my own taxi so I could pretty much pick which 12 hour shift I wanted to drive. I was young, just married, and so I drove nights so that I could be home with my son during the day while my wife worked. I'd told myself for most of the last year that I should stop driving taxi, settle down to a real job and be more responsible. And then a contract to haul train crews came along followed by the opportunity to work with another driver who handled the Airport contract, and suddenly I was making more money than I could have reasonably expected from what I would have considered a straight job.
The hours were long, but there was something that attracted me to the night work. Always had been. Like my internal clock was Set to PM. It just seemed to work, and after a few failed attempts to work day shift work, I gave it up and went to work full time nights.
I never regretted it, and I was never bored. The nights kept me awake and interested. They supplied their own entertainment. Train crews, regulars that called only for me, the assorted funny drunks late at night when the bars were closing. Soldiers on their way back to the nearby base, and a dancer at a small club just off downtown that had been calling for me personally for the last few weeks. Using my cab as a dressing room on the way back to her hotel. It was always something different.
Days, the few times I'd driven days, couldn't compare. Sure, there was violence at night too, but it rarely came my way and never turned into a big deal when it did.
It was Friday night, one of my big money nights, about 7:00 P.M. and my favorite dispatcher, Leo, had just come on. He sent me on a call out State street that would terminate downtown. Once I was downtown, I could easily pick up a GI heading back to the base for a nice fat fare and usually a pretty good tip. My mind was on that. My mind was also on that dancer who would be calling sometime after two AM, and who had made it clear that I was more than welcome to come up to her room. It was tempting, I'll admit it, and each time she called she tempted me more. I figured it was just a matter of time before I went with her.
I really didn't see the woman who climbed into my car, but when it took her three times to get out the name of the bar downtown that she wanted to go to, I paid attention. Drunk. It was early too. Sometimes drunks were okay, but most times they weren’t. This one kept slumping over, slurring her words, nearly dropping her cigarette. I owed the bank a pile of money on the car and I didn't need burn holes in my back seat.
I dropped the flag on the meter, pulled away from the curbing and eased into traffic. Traffic was heavy at that time and I pissed off more than a few other drivers as I forced my way into the traffic flow. I had just settled into the drive when a glance into the rear view mirror told me my passenger had fallen over. I couldn't see the cigarette, but I could still smell it. I made the same drivers even angrier as I swept out of the traffic flow and angled up onto the sidewalk at the edge of the street. I got as far out of the traffic flow as I could get so I could get out to see what was up with the woman in the back seat.
I was thinking drunk at the time, but the thought that it could be something more serious crept into my head as I made the curb, bumped over it, set my four way flashers and climbed out and went around to the back door.
She was slumped over into the wheel well, the cigarette smoldering next to her pooled, black hair. In her hair, I realized as the smell of burning hair came to me. I snatched the cigarette and threw it out onto the sidewalk, and then I shook her shoulder to try and bring her around. But it was obvious to me, just that fast, that the whole situation had changed. She wasn't breathing.
I reached in, caught her under the arms, and then suddenly someone else was there with me.
He was a short, thin man wearing a worried look upon his face. Dark eyes sat deeply in their sockets. His hair hung limply across his forehead. He squeezed past me and looked down at the woman. He pushed her eyelids up quickly, one by one, and then held his fingers to her lips. He frowned deeply and flipped the hair away from his forehead.
"Paramedic", he told me as he took her other arm and helped me pull her from the back seat.
We laid her out on the sloping front lawn of the insurance company I had stopped in front of, and he put his head to her chest.
He lifted his head, shaking it as he did. "Call an ambulance," he said tersely.
I could feel the shift in his demeanor. He wasn't letting me know he could handle the situation, like when he told me he was a paramedic, he was handling it. I got on the radio and made the call through dispatch.
The ambulance got there pretty fast. I stood back out of the way and let them work on her, raising my eyes to the backed up traffic on occasion. Most of the people in those cars had their heads half twisted out of their windows trying to see what was going on on the sidewalk. The paramedic had torn open her shirt. Her nudity seemed so out of place on the city sidewalk. Watching the traffic took the unreal quality of it away from me. A few minutes later I watched the ambulance pull away, eased my cab down off the curb, back into the sluggish traffic, and headed back to work.
I got the story on her about midnight once things slowed down, and I had stopped into the cab stand to talk to the dispatcher for a short while. His daughter knew someone, who knew someone, who knew someone at the hospital. The woman had taken an overdose. Some kind of pills. It was going to be touch and go. He also had a friend in the police department too. She did it because of a boyfriend who had cheated on her. It seemed so out of proportion to me. I went back to work, but I asked him to let me know when and if he heard more.
2:30 AM:
The night had passed me by. The business of the evening hours catching me up for a time, and taking me away from the earlier events. I was sitting downtown in my cab watching the traffic roll by me. It was a beautifully warm early morning for Northern New York. I had my window down letting the smell of the city soak into me, when I got the call to pick up my dancer with the club gig.
"And, Joe," Leo told me over the static filled radio, "your lady friend didn't make it."
It was just a few blocks to the club. I left the window down enjoying the feeling of the air flowing past my face. The radio played Steely Dan's Do It Again and I kind of half heard it as I checked out the back seat to see if the ghost of the woman earlier might suddenly pop up there.
The dancer got in and smiled at me. I smiled back but I was thinking about the other woman, the woman who was now dead, sitting in that same place a few hours before. The dancer began to change clothes as I drove to her hotel.
"You know," she said, catching my eyes in the mirror. "I should charge you a cover. You're seeing more than those GI'S in the club." She shifted slightly, her breasts rising and falling in the rear view mirror. We both laughed. It was a game that was not a game. She said it to me every time. But my laugh was hollow. Despite her beauty I was still hung up on someone being alive in my back seat just a few hours before and dead now. Probably being wheeled down to the morgue were my friend Pete worked. I made myself look away and concentrate on the driving. She finished dressing as I stopped at her hotel's front entrance.
"You could come up... If you wanted to," she said. She said it lightly, but her eyes held serious promise.
"I'd like to... But I better not," I said.
She smiled but I could tell I had hurt her feelings. It was a real offer, but I couldn't really explain how I felt. Why I couldn't. Not just because I was married, that was already troubled, but because of something that had happened earlier.
I drove slowly away after she got out of the cab, and wound up back downtown for the next few hours sitting in an abandoned buildings parking lot thinking... "I was only concerned about her cigarette burning the seats."
I smoked while I sat, dropping my own cigarettes out the window and onto the pavement. A short while later Leo called me with a train crew trip. I started the cab and drove out to the train yard to pick up my crew. The dancer never called me again.
