
Ruth Judges Joshua

by Dermot Davis

 
Carrying a custom leather brief case and dressed smartly in a business suit befitting her position as a junior partner in the law firm of Stevens, Perkins and Maguire, Ruth pressed the down button for the elevator. Standing back to watch the lighted floor numbers above the six working elevators of the high rise office building, the petite brunette didn’t take much notice that only the lights above the center elevator on the right bank of three elevators seemed to be moving. 
Feeling exhausted and pretty much brain dead from yet another long day of work she felt drawn towards the window which displayed a captivating bird’s eye view of downtown Chicago. The lights looked pretty in the darkness as she mindlessly watched a slow moving train on the loop and the now freely-moving interstate 94 which she would be soon joining for her commute home. As she looked at her own reflection, she noticed how tired she looked, yet at the same time, she secretly agreed with the general consensus of others that she looked really good compared to most other women over forty.
“Going down?”
Lost in a world of mental numbness, Ruth didn’t hear the bell announce the arrival of, and subsequent opening of the doors, of the elevator. With a finger pressed firmly on the “open doors” button, a casually-dressed, middle-aged man stood expectant and smiling.
“Yes,” Ruth said as she quickly walked to the waiting elevator. An alarm buzzer sounded, presumably to denote the artificially prolonged hold on the elevator’s progress, but it instantly stopped when the man released his finger. Stepping back to the rear of the elevator, Ruth rested her briefcase on the floor between her feet.
Expecting the doors to close automatically, the man waited for a few uneventful moments before finally awkwardly and hurriedly pressing the “close doors” button. The doors jerked in an unusual manner, as if trying to regain their natural rhythm, and in so doing, slowly closed shut.
“That was a bit odd,” the man said in an accent, which Ruth couldn’t place. Turning his gaze back around, he sheepishly stood off center as a reaction to Ruth’s non response; her eyes averted upwards as a general announcement of non-engagement.
“Burning the midnight oil?” the man asked in an overly friendly way, perhaps wishing to diffuse the awkward tension in the enclosed space and maybe wishing to settle the question, which begged attention in his mind, about whether or not the up-tight-looking woman was being rude. Despite the fact that he was obviously being amicably disposed towards her, she remained cool and distant.
“What?” Ruth asked, as if suddenly now realizing that the man had asked a question. She looked at him to see that he was now turning his head toward her, as if in expectation of an answer.
“Working late?” the man asked, carefully rephrasing his original question.
“Oh, yeah,” Ruth answered and again looked up at the moving lighted floor numbers above the elevator doors.
“You probably get a late start... in the morning,” the man said.
“Why have the lights stopped moving?” she asked, completely ignoring his idle conversation, her gaze now fixed above on the elevator lights.
“Hah?” answered the man, his focus now thrown into confusion.
“The lights… the lights which say which floor we’re on. Have we stopped moving?” Ruth asked, her concentration shifting to her feet. She did her very best to sense any cessation of downward movement but she honestly couldn’t tell.
“I don’t know,” the man answered, seemingly without concern. “Isn’t that a marvel of modern engineering? We could be shooting down a narrow shaft at sixty miles an hour and we don’t even feel it.”
“I don’t think we’re moving three miles an hour, much less sixty,” Ruth said as she repeatedly pressed the ground floor followed by the “open doors” buttons. The pressing of the buttons had no discernable effect. “We’re stopped. The door won’t open.”
“Press “Door Open,”” the man suggested calmly.
“I am pressing “Door Open!”” Ruth answered, with irritation. “Nothing works.  Great!”
“Let me try,” the man said as he stepped forward.
Without moving to give him space, Ruth continued pressing the buttons. “You don’t believe me or you think because you’re a man you have a special way of pressing buttons?”
“I believe you,” the man responded sheepishly. “I guess we’re stuck.”
“Where’s the phone? There should be an emergency phone?” Ruth said as, with increasing frustration, she searched the side panels.
“The red button there,” the man said, pointing to a button below the main panel. “The one that states “Emergency - Pull Out.” Will I pull it? Or would you feel more in control if you pulled it?” he asked.
“There should be a phone!” Ruth said, undeterred in her search. When Ruth didn’t answer him, the man moved to tug on the “Emergency – Pull Out,” button himself.
“That’s strange,” the man said as he pulled the red emergency button. 
“What?”
“You’d expect alarm bells or something,” he said, listening intently for any bells or sirens that might be sounding outside. “You know, you tend to associate red emergency buttons with alarm bells. And people in uniform rushing about.”
“We’re in an elevator. What good are alarm bells going to do us? It would be helpful if they played a tape saying the emergency thing works and maybe how long to expect to wait for a response,” Ruth countered.
“I’m sure alarm bells are going off somewhere,” the man concluded, although he sounded uncertain about the truth of the statement.
“Yeah.”
Unsure what to do next, they both stood watching the door, expectant that something would soon happen... but nothing did.
“At least we have music,” the man said, perhaps noticing for the first time the instrumental muzak playing at a very low volume. “Is that a Beatles tune?” he asked a disinterested Ruth. As he quickly reached out to press the buttons again, Ruth’s reflexes caused her body to jerk back.
“Just trying the buttons again,” he explained as he pressed them repeatedly. Although no anger showed in his face or overall disposition, his repeated pressing grew harder and harder, so much so that very soon he was thumping the buttons with a clenched fist.
“You might break them permanently,” Ruth cautioned, hoping that he would stop immediately, which he did. She felt relief. His thumping of the buttons had only increased her anxiety about the situation. “Why don’t we just wait for the professionals?” she added. “It’s probably something very simple.”
“Probably a power outage... or a rolling blackout,” the man surmised.
“Wouldn’t the emergency generator kick in?” she asked. “I don’t know much about elevators.”
“This is your first time, then?”
“What?"
“Getting stuck like this. Your first time?”
“Yes. Of course,” Ruth answered, looking somewhat perplexed by the question. “You?”
“Yeah.  First time,” the man answered as he retreated fully and rested his back against the rear wall. “First time for everything.”
Ruth stayed in place, breathing deeply in order not to allow her upset to show.
“I don’t think the door is going to open anytime soon. You may as well rest the legs,” the man advised as he moved his sports bag to make room for his legs to stretch out as he sat down on the floor.
Unresponsive to his suggestion, Ruth remained standing, a strained look of concentration on her face.
“You could at least rest your arm and put down the briefcase,” he recommended.
Ruth relaxed her tense body and stepping back, placed the briefcase in the far corner.
“I wasn’t thinking of stealing it,” the man said jovially. “Hardly get very far, would I?”
“Nothing important inside. Just some papers,” Ruth explained.
“Newspapers?”
“Legal papers."
“Oh,” the man said, as if having discovered something profound. “You’re a lawyer?”
“That’s right.”
“And time is money, as they say.”
“You know, we don’t have to talk,” Ruth said while searching for something in one of her jacket pockets. “We’re probably using up the air in here.” Finding her cell phone, she checked it for a signal. 
“Of course,” the man said brightly, searching into his own pockets. “Our cell phones!”
“No signal,” Ruth announced with deep disappointment.
“No bars,” the man said, checking an older model phone.
Cell phone in hand, Ruth walked around trying to get a signal.
“Maybe if we both scream our heads off for a few minutes?” the man suggested, putting his phone away.
“Why don’t we just wait for help?” she answered, not sure if he was asking for real.
“We could do that,” he said. “Let’s wait, then.”
Finally putting her phone away, Ruth retreated to the far corner and leveled her briefcase on the ground in order to sit on it. Resting her head against the back wall, her facial expression suggested that she was unsure whether to scream or to cry. Opting for self-control, she instead closed her eyes and soothed herself with suggestions that everything was going to be alright: shit happens, she considered.
When Ruth opened her eyes again, she wasn’t sure if she had dozed off or if it was ten, twenty or more minutes later. The man was standing before the panel of buttons, his hands pressed firmly on his hips.
“The music’s driving me bananas,” he said, seeing that she was now watching. “No button for muzak. I suppose we’re stuck with it.”
“What floor did you get on?” Ruth asked.
“What floor?”
“Yes.”
“The twenty-first. Why?”
“And what did you do?  When you got in?” she further enquired.
“I pressed the button for the lobby,” he answered, deadpan, “and disconnected the wires.”
Ruth glared at him as if to say that this was no time for levity, if indeed he was being facetious. Dear Lord, just my luck to be trapped in an elevator with a whack job, she thought to herself.
“Joke. I didn’t break anything, I swear,” he then replied.
“You didn’t notice anything? The elevator didn’t stall, wobble or anything?” she asked.
“No.”
“Nothing unusual?”
“No,” he answered, watching her with more interest. “I thought you didn’t know anything about elevators?”
“I don’t.”
“You were beginning to sound like an expert,” he considered. “Like you were about to solve a crime or something.”
“Do you work in the building?”
“See?” he said smartly but by Ruth’s stoic expression, he could see that she was not amused. “No. No, I don’t work in the building.” 
Ruth stared at him pointedly, yet he didn’t add anything further. “Who is on the twenty-first floor? I don’t think I’ve ever been up there,” she enquired coolly.
“Just the usual batch of lawyers, bankers and accountants,” he answered, matter-of-factly. “And my therapist.”
“Ah,” Ruth said, nodding to herself.
“Dr. Carroll. Do you know her?”
“No.”
“She’s very good.”
“It’s a large building.”
“Yes it is,” he said as he noticed her checking the time on her watch. “Are you late? Late for a date?”
“I do have more important things to do,” she answered casually.
“Will anyone be worried about you?”
“Yes. Many people. Lots,” Ruth said, unnerved by the question. Rising to her feet, she headed straight to the control panel, the impetuousness of her movement causing him to stand back. She pressed and punched the buttons repeatedly in no obvious order or significance.
“Don’t misunderstand me,” the man apologized. “It was an innocent question.”
“I do not like feeling helpless like this. It... it unnerves me,” she said, looking now on the verge of tears.
“I understand. Why don’t you sit down and try to relax?”
“I’m not going to give in to the situation,” she said, still hitting the buttons.
“I beg your pardon?”
“If I stand here expecting the door to open, there’s a good chance it will. But if I sit down, not expecting it to open, then... then it’s like giving in, surrendering,” she explained.
“The elevator’s stuck. There’s nothing we can do.”
“A defeatist attitude won’t get me anywhere.”
“Stand there, then,” the man said, retreating fully to the rear wall.
“I don’t take easily to confinement, okay?” Ruth said, now hitting the buttons more maniacally.
“You must be a howl to live with,” the man said under his breath.
“I beg your pardon?” she asked, turning pointedly to face him.
“Look, honey, why don’t you just take a few deep breaths and relax?” he suggested.
“I am not your honey and you have no right to tell me what I should or should not do.  Understand?” Ruth shot back, her words delivered in an abrupt staccato-like manner.
“Whatever,” he said weakly.
“We’re strangers and I’d prefer if it stayed that way,” she asserted.
“I wasn’t proposing,” the man said, dropping his body into a sitting position.
Ruth glared at the man, her pursed lips quivering as if waiting for the correct words to come to her so that she might utter them, either chiding him, or in some other way definitively putting the man in his place. No words came to her, however. Instead, unable to think of a powerful retort, Ruth sighed deeply and, either through lack of motivation or mental indecision of an appropriate plan of action, she placed her arms on her hips. Paying her no attention whatsoever, the man lowered his head and massaged his furrowed brow with the strong fingers of his right hand.
Her feet tiring, Ruth shifted her weight and then decided to turn her attention back to the panel of mute buttons, which she duly began to, yet again, ineffectually press.
“What is taking so long?” she asked.
“Maybe they can’t locate the elevator expert,” he dully replied.
“I should think there would be more than one person that knows about these things. It’s a multi-million dollar corporation. We handle their account.”
“Hm. Ah-ha!” the man declared, as if solving a puzzle.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Have you been handling the account very well? You haven’t stepped on anyone’s toes?” the man asked with a straight face.
Ruth looked intently at the man who remained seated. Was that a half smile on his otherwise hard-to-read face, she wondered? “Are you trying to be funny or am I to take what you say seriously?” she asked.
“Maybe you found out some secrets you shouldn’t have and someone powerful is trying to, you know… bump you off. Like on T.V.”
“I don’t watch T.V. I don’t have time and… it’s silly.”
“Could use one now, though. Huh?” the man answered.
“If this imprisonment doesn’t drive me mad, I’m sure in time, your lame-ass comments most certainly would,” she said with exasperation.
“Just trying to be friendly,” the man said, adjusting his seating position. “Perhaps you’d like to join me in a few prayers?”
“I’m not religious, thank you.”
“They say in times of trouble, everybody becomes religious.”
“I still have a little left in reserve before I reach that point,” Ruth replied drily, “But you go ahead. If your God opens the doors, we’ll both benefit.”
Bowing his head, the man closed his eyes and looked indeed like he was actually saying some secret, silent prayers. Or perhaps this was his way of amusing himself, Ruth considered; she really couldn’t be quite sure. 
Retreating to her corner again, she placed her briefcase beneath her and, sitting back down, tried to relax. Her inner calm proved elusive, however, as she watched the man who remained with his eyes closed and his head bowed. “You do think somebody’s going to come, don’t you?” she asked finally, unable to stay silent.
“What?” the man asked, his eyes suddenly opening. “Oh, I was praying for something else,” he said, not quite knowing what her question was.
“I’m not talking about...” she pauses, then added, “…that’s your business. I’m asking you if you think someone… anyone… knows that we’re in here.”
“I...” the man said and paused, as if lost in his train of thought.
“If this whole elevator is bust, then maybe this emergency button doesn’t work either. I was last in my office and there can’t be many people left working in the building this late...” Ruth pondered aloud, sounding increasingly worried.
“We could be here all night, then,” he said without emotion.
In a single second, Ruth’s facial expression altered drastically, suggested that internally she had reacted very badly at such a thought. She purposely took a deep breath to calm herself.
“There’s two other elevators on this side and another three on the other side. If they’re all working… well it may take some time for this broken one to get noticed,” the man conjectured.
“Goddamn it!” the words erupted from Ruth, her face turning bright red.
“Now it’s time to pray?” the man said, perhaps taking exception to her blasphemy.
Ruth looked harshly at the man, not really knowing if he was being genuine or if he considered everything to be just one big joke. “If you’re some kind of comedian or something…” she began, not quite sure of her verbal positioning, “may I remind you that there is no audience here to respond to your brand of levity. And if you have any respect for the only other person in this room, then...” she said, not considering it necessary to finish her sentence.
“Relax...” he replied calmly, speaking in a way that suggested he was talking to a small, emotionally disturbed child.
“And don’t keep telling me to relax! Ughhh!” Ruth said. Her nerves felt seriously stretched at this point. She resumed her attempts to breathe deeply and calm herself.
Deciding not to respond right away, for fear of further antagonizing the woman, the man took a moment to reflect. “Can we call a truce?” he finally asked. “We’re obviously not going anywhere in a hurry. We’re in a stressful situation and there’s no point in making it any worse than it actually is.”
Comforted by his conciliatory tone, and desperate to improve their situation in some small way, Ruth relaxed. “Just stop telling me what I should and should not be doing,” she said softly.
“That’s a deal, then,” the man said, making a tiny physical movement and then obviously deciding against reaching out his arm for a handshake.
“A deal?” she asked, considering his notion a little strange.
“Oh, I forgot, you’re a lawyer,” the man said, apparently incapable of making a joke about everything. In response to her giving him a warning look, he raised his palms in jovial apology. “I don’t wish to offend, believe me,” he said.
“Really.”
“If in doubt, assume it’s a joke and that I mean well,” he said, smiling.
Ruth relaxed further and stretching her legs out, she rested her back against the rear wall. “What was your session with your therapist all about?” she asked innocently.
“Come again?” the man asked, taken aback by her question.
“May I ask what you’re in therapy for?” she asked, without any apparent malice.
The man paused, perhaps wondering to himself her reason for asking.
“You can tell me to mind my own business,” she added.
“As a matter of fact, she wasn’t there,” the man explained. “All locked up; no note of explanation. Of course, it could be that I mistook the hour or the evening, which is not entirely unusual for me to do.”
“I believe it,” she said, again without any evident malice or facetiousness.
“I thought we made a truce?” the man asked.
“You can give it but you can’t take it, is that it?” Ruth asked, smiling. It was ironic, she thought, how people who could dish it out, yet hated being on the receiving end of teasing. 
“What about you?”
“What about me?” she responded, not at all certain of what he was asking or referring to.
“What do you see your therapist about?” he asked.
“That’s none of your business,” Ruth answered quickly. Then she added, with an edge to her tone of voice, “What makes you think I have one?”
“Oh, I’m sure you have one,” the man said, for the first time an odd emotion, perhaps a little bitterness, creeping into his tone.
“Can you try and be nice for a change?” she asked.
“Some people seem to interpret niceness as weakness… or worse still as some kind of character flaw,” the man explained.
Not quite sure where he was coming from or what his exact beef might be, Ruth made some quick mental assumptions. “You think because I’m a lawyer I fit into some understandable stereotype that you can identify? Or you have a thing against successful lawyers, maybe. Huh?” she asked defensively.
“Successful are you?”
“Goddamn it!” Ruth blurted, her patience beyond stretched. Unable to stay seated any longer, she jumped to her feet and began, once again, to vigorously press the buttons.
“Do you really mean that?” the man asked, taking umbrage: “God damn it?”
“Oh, shut up,” Ruth snapped.
“Sorry?”
“I’d like very much if you would shut up now, please. I think I’d prefer to suffer this very humiliating situation in silence, if you don’t mind.”
In anger, Ruth pulled and pushed the red button repeatedly. 
A long period of silence ensued, the man appeared to be chastened, possibly in an uncertain terrain with which he had little familiarity or experience. Tiring of repeatedly pressing the buttons, Ruth walked to her corner but was too wired to sit or relax, she remained standing and proceeded to pace to and fro.
“You know when I came to this country first, oh, over twenty years ago...” the man began to talk, as if to no one in particular, “I was so intimidated by everything. So much movement… people jostling their way down city streets; cars on the expressways running like... like metal tins of beans moving along a conveyor belt. I worked in a bean processing plant, when a lad. I remember wondering to myself: how does it all work, this powerful modern city? Where does all the power come from to light all the lights; and what size cranes did they have to use to build these massively tall skyscrapers? Where does human waste go when people flush their toilets? And if everyone flushed at the same time, would that create a tidal wave somewhere? Somewhere down there in the subterranean waters? How amazing it is that here we are, left stranded half a mile in the air hanging in a small box at the end of a huge piece of rope,” he said, as if returning from his reverie to the here and now. He noticed that Ruth was no longer pacing or indeed standing. “You sat down.”
“Yeah,” Ruth replied, perhaps more exhausted than truly relaxed.
“Your dinner’s going to be ruined.”
“What dinner?”
“Don’t you have someone at home, cooking your evening meal for you?”
“No,” Ruth answered and, spooked by his questioning, quickly added, “He doesn’t cook.”
“Husband? Friend? Lover?”
Too unnerved to answer, Ruth declined to respond.
“I’m not trying to hit on you or anything. I’m married, myself,” he asserted. “My dinner’s ruined.”
“Where did you live?” Ruth asked, her query more a diversion than coming from a place of genuine interest. “Before you came here, to America?”
“Ireland,” the man answered. “And you? You were born here?”
“You think we’re between floors?” Ruth asked, as if she has suddenly had an entirely new and urgently relevant thought, and got to her feet. “Or maybe we’re right at a floor but the door is jammed or something?” Squeezing her fingers between the door panels, she attempted to pry the door open.
“Do you want me to try?” the man asked, getting to his feet. “I might have stronger hands.”
Standing back, Ruth allowed the man to take her position at the door panels.
“If I had a crowbar or something,” the man said, unsuccessfully trying to fit his fingers into the door crack.
“Where are they?” Ruth asked with a quivering voice. “Why doesn’t this elevator have a phone?”
“Relax now, it’ll be alright,” the man asserted, hoping to calm her.
“Stop telling me to relax!” she shouted, her anxiety now expanded beyond immediate containment. “We’re hanging up here in mid-air! How the hell do you expect me to behave? This is worse than a prison cell! There’s no water, no bathroom, no food and this constant brain-cell destroying pathetic music! Can’t somebody please shut it off?” she practically yelled while putting her hands to her ears. “I swear I’ll never get into another damned elevator as long as I live! I am not staying here overnight. It’s not happening. I refuse to be enslaved like this, like some… like a prisoner or something. I am getting out of here. There must be some way of getting out of here! I can’t breathe. It’s so hot in here. I can’t breathe! We’ve used up all the air! We’re going to suffocate!”
“There, there, take it easy...” the man said, calm on the outside but totally freaked on the inside. Lord save us, this woman was behaving like a real lunatic, he thought to himself.
“Air! We need to get some air!” Ruth yelled.
“Easy,” the man said uncertainly.
“We need air!” she shouted. “Don’t you understand? We need air or we are going to die!”
“No one’s going to die,” the man said, placing his hand upon her shoulder.
“Don’t touch me!” Ruth yelled, jumping back from his touch. “Do you hear? Don’t you dare touch me!”
“We’ll get some air. We’ll get some air,” the man said, looking around for air vents.
“How? Where? More air? How?”
“We’ll figure something out,” he replied softly.
“Oh, you’re helpless! Do you know that? You’re a pathetic and helpless little man. “Relax, relax.” It was people like you that walked into the gas chambers! “Relax, relax!” GET ME OUT OF HERE!” Ruth shrieked as some minor spittle flew from her mouth to even further unnerve the man. Her reddened face appeared sweaty and shiny as she was overcome by emotion.
“I will, I will,” the man said, not knowing how to calm her as she thumped on the closed doors.
“I do not deserve to be treated this way! Get me out of here! I want to be out of here now! Now! Now!” Ruth took a final thump at the door and in doing so seemed to hurt her hand. The man took her by the shoulders but she quickly squirmed away. “Keep away from me! Don’t you dare touch me! We’re going to die! Don’t you realize? We’re dying! We are dying!”
“No one’s going to...”
“Aghhhhhhh!” Ruth screamed and resumed banging on and thumping the doors. “I’ll have someone’s job for this! Do you hear?” she shouted to outside. “I’ll sue. For millions!”
Feeling helpless to circumvent or end her meltdown, the man stood back watching as Ruth finally relented and, as if losing all purpose and control, her body crumpled and slid to the floor. “I have never been so humiliated...” she whispered, on the verge of tears. “I’m going to die.”
“We can push open one of the panels,” the man said hopefully, looking up at the ceiling.
“...huh?”
“Up there,” the man said, pointing. “If we push out one of the panels... we can get more air from the shaft, outside.”
“We can get more air?”
“The AC is still working...” the man reasoned. “But if you’re worried about it... if it’ll make you feel better...”
“Don’t patronize,” Ruth warned, perking up everso slightly. “How do you know they open?” she asked, looking up with tentative interest.
“I don’t. But have you ever seen in the movies, how they can...”
“The movies?” Ruth interrupted.
“It’s worth a try,” the man insisted. “At least we’ll be trying. What do you say?”
“What the hell,” Ruth finally agreed, shrugging her shoulders. “Go ahead.”
“Eh...  I won’t be able to reach from here,” the man said, now realizing the difficulty of attempting what he had seen in various feature films and had just envisioned in his own mind.
“Great.”
“You’ll need to help… help me up.”
“What?” Ruth asked, looking from the man to the ceiling. “You want to stand on my back or something?”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t think so.”
“You want more air, right?” the man asked.
“And if one of us gets injured? Think of that? If we break a leg or… slip a disc? I can’t deal with a painful injury. Pain and confinement...” Ruth said, shaking her head and visibly wincing at the thought.
“Just trying to help,” the man said, surveying his corner so he could manage to sit back down. “I’m sure we’re alright. Elevators have good air conditioning.”
“I need more air!” Ruth insisted.
“Well, the only other thing is we drill a hole in the floor,” the man replied, tiring of her demands.
“Drill a hole with what?”
“I don’t think it’s an option,” he said dismissively, now seated and stretching out his legs.
Ruth examined the ceiling with considered thought. “What if I stood on your back?” she then asked.
The man thought about it for a few seconds and looked set to agree. It appeared that what he was actually considering was not so much how to get more air but rather how best to appease his emotionally volatile fellow captive. “I guess it’s worth a try,” he acquiesced, rising to his feet. Seeing that she was using the hand rail to lift herself up, he got down on his hands and knees.
“I’m going to stand on your back, then,” she said as she balanced herself and then placed one foot on his back. She managed to get first one foot up upon his back and then sort of launched herself upward and got the other foot position. She wobbled there on his back, swaying dangerously back and forth, more crouched than standing. 
“Oh! Aw!” the man bellowed in pain.
“What?” she asked, quickly stepping, well more hop-jumping, back down off of his back.
“Could you take your shoes off?”
“Yes, of course… sorry,” she apologized and quickly removed her pointy heeled lady’s dress shoes. Managing to find her balance again, she placed a bare foot on his back but quickly was still having difficulty standing with firmness. “I can’t balance well,” she admitted. “I’ll fall. You’ll have to move closer to one of the walls.”
“I think only the center panel opens,” the man said, stretching his neck to look up.
“Why? Why only the center panel?”
“Well, whenever you see them in the movies, it’s always only the center panel that opens.”
Ruth waited a few moments for the man to laugh, or admit that he was joking, but when the man kept a straight face, Ruth assumed that he was for real. “Do you believe everything you see in the movies?” she asked.
“Movies do employ technical advisors for things like this, you know. Experts that know...”
“Okay, okay,” she interrupted; not wishing to continue in what she regarded as a useless and silly discussion. “The center panel,” she agreed, “but if I fall… you’re responsible.”
The man reacted like he just thought of something and quickly straightened up.
“What?” Ruth asked.
“Would you sue?” the man asked.
“What?”
“If you fell off my back… I suppose that you’d sue me,” he said.
“Don’t be ridiculous!” she protested, her facial expression scoffing at such a notion.
Pacified by her reaction, the man hunkered back down.
“I’d need witnesses,” she added. “Hold still!” Balancing as best she could on the man’s back, Ruth stretched upward, reaching her arms toward the center ceiling roof tile. She wasn’t quite tall enough, and couldn’t get her balance well enough, to reach the ceiling tile. “No good,” she finally declared. “It’s too high. I’d never reach.” Gingerly stepping down, she hopped off of the man. 
He groaned as he straightened his back and began to get up. “Well, we tried,” he said, hoping now that the woman was placated in her desire for more air.
“You’re giving up?” she asked with irritation.
Pressing the sides of his back with his hands to relieve muscle tension, the man gestured feebly. “You said yourself, it’s too…”
“Here,” she said quickly, standing before the man. “Cup your hands.”
Seeing the determined look in her face and understanding what she was asking, the man dutifully did so. Placing her right foot into the proffered hands of the man, Ruth took hold of his shoulders, steadied herself, and prepared for the next step. “Can you take my weight?” she asked.
Without waiting for an answer, she hoisted herself up, her skirt against his face. Unprepared for her sudden jump, the man lost his balance and wobbled comically.
“Steady!” she cautioned as the man regained his standing and solid composure. “Now, raise me up.”
The man mumbled something inaudible and turned his head to the left so as to not to be smothered by her body and tight skirt. His face visibly reddening with the effort, he tried to raise her up but only managed to elevate her a few paltry inches.
“Okay. Hold on,” Ruth said, thinking of another idea. Grabbing hold of his head, she raised her right foot to his shoulder. Unable to fully counter her off-balance stance, the man tottered wildly. “Are you okay?” she asked and quickly thrust her right leg over his left shoulder.
“Uh huh,” he mumbled awkwardly, her skirt again pressed against his face.
With her right leg now draped over his shoulder, she raised her other leg and with a big effort, she swung her left leg and shoved it over his other shoulder. Tottering wildly, the man was now totally being smothered by her skirt and pelvic area.
“I can’t breathe,” he said in a muffled panic. “I can’t breathe!”
“Hold on,” Ruth said as she maneuvered herself up and around his shoulders. With more comic effort, wild foot-stepping, the man managed to maintain his balance. Ruth had twisted her body around and was now sitting on his shoulders, her legs draped down his front. Taking advantage of her lack of motion and the relative lack of movement, after the recent intense physical efforting, the man took some deep breaths.
“I’m still too far away,” Ruth declared with frustration and disappointment. “Are you okay?”
“Yes,” he eventually answered, gasping. Not a particularly fit man, he struggled to maintain an upright posture, with Ruth’s full weight bearing down on him.
“Hold my feet,” she demanded.
Taking hold of his head/face, she raised one foot to his shoulder and tried to hoist herself up. All she could manage was to kneel on his other shoulder. Panting for breath, his body swaying with effort, the man appeared as if he were physically unable to take much more. He grunted.
“Almost there,” she said as she made one more effort to fully stand on his shoulders.
“I hope so,” the man wheezed, and gasped out, “We’re using up an awful lot of air.”
Reaching to her highest, she could finally just barely touch the ceiling. “I can touch it! Just a little more,” she encouraged. “Maybe if you jumped?”
She didn’t see the man make a face, expressing his opinion that what she was asking was both impossible as well as sheer lunacy. “I don’t think so,” he said as calmly as the situation allowed, breathing in enough air to fund his exertions, while maintaining his balance.
“Okay, okay. Hold on,” she said as she stretched some more. Managing to actually push against the panel, she didn’t have enough strength to shift it. “It won’t budge. Damn! It’s not opening,” she exclaimed. “The center panel won’t budge. What would the movies do?”
“Try each of the sides,” the man suggested. “Maybe it only opens on one side.”
Pushing the left side panel with as much force as she could muster, the panel finally shifted. “There! It moved! Hold still! Got it!” she cheered.
“Thank God!” the man said, perhaps more to himself.
“It only moved a little, though,” Ruth said, carefully checking her handiwork.
“Is there a gap? Can you see out?”
“Maybe an inch.”
“I can’t do this much longer,” the man said desperately, his face and neck bright red and shiny with sweat, from the physical exertion of holding her aloft. He looked desperately anxious for a resolution.
“It should be enough, huh? An inch? To let the air through?” she asked, uncertainly.
“Plenty,” the man gasped out with false gusto. “I can feel a draught already.”
“Okay,” Ruth finally acquiesced. “I’m coming down.” 
The man reacted with great relief as she held him tightly and slowly and carefully slid down his back. Her feet returned to the floor and, with her arms still secured around him, she rested her face against his back.
“That was a thrilling adventure,” she said, her vulnerability now revealing itself.
“It was something, alright,” the man said, still catching his breath. Wondering why she had suddenly stopped moving, the man made a puzzled expression but didn’t shift his position for fear of disrupting her. “Are you alright?” he asked softly, his body preparing to turn towards her.
“Stay still. I’m fine,” she answered, still embracing the safe solidity of his back.
“Oh. Good,” he said, awkwardly. “Uh, fine, so…”
As if returning to a childhood state, her face pressed against the warmth and security of the man’s tree-like body, Ruth closed her eyes.
“You did a good job. Ah! Fresh air!” the man said nervously.
“You don’t have to talk,” Ruth said, her eyes still shut. “Rest,” she then said, using a tone of voice similar to one which a mother would use to soothe her child.
“Yeah,” the man said softly, still obviously puzzled by her unexpected and quite strange behavior. “Would you like if I turned around?” he then awkwardly asked after a long pause.
“No,” Ruth answered, still not moving. “This is fine.”
“Grand.”
“I lied when I told you I was married. I’m divorced,” she then said after a long silence.
“Oh, that’s okay.” The man said, unsure exactly how to respond. “A pretty woman like you,” he then added.
“What’s that got to do with it?” she asked bitterly, her childhood state shifting in response to his words. “Why do men always think that a woman my age is divorced because her husband left her for a younger woman?”
“What?”
“It’s what you were thinking,” she accused.
“No. I was thinking that a pretty woman like you… would have lots of offers,” he replied, hoping to tread carefully. “Lots of men interested,” he complimented.
“What makes you think I don’t?”
“Do you?”
“You are very naive, do you know that?” she said, as if summing him up. “About things… what do you do, anyway? What do you do for a living?”
“I’m...”
“An actor,” she interrupted.
“No.”
“A writer? No, a musician. I’ll bet you’re a musician,” she almost sneered.
“No. I’m a priest,” he admitted quietly.
Ruth finally broke her hold from the man’s back and retreated to her corner. “A priest?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“A Catholic priest?” she said, her voice filled with shock and a disagreeable tone, that sounded almost as if it might be judgment.
“That’s worse than a musician?” he asked, surprised and perhaps a bit miffed by her response.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sound...”
“It’s a noble profession, in some circles,” he added.
“I guess,” she answered, looking at him now in a different light. “Don’t you wear a collar thing?”
“I’m in mufti today,” he answered. “I wear civvies when I’m… doesn’t look too good… the confessor going to see a shrink.”
“I guess,” Ruth said, losing all interest in the man.
“It doesn’t really matter, does it?” he asked.
“What?”
“What we do... out there. Trapped in here, like this… we’re just a man and a woman. The past doesn’t matter... does it? What we’ve done… how much money we have in the bank. Married, single, divorced...  none of it matters,” he said hopefully.
“What a silly thing to say,” she responded. “Of course it matters. This is not… Gilligan’s Island or something, you know. We do have lives to go to.”
“Yes, but don’t you see that the longer people stay in each other’s company, the more they can’t help but get to know each other?”
“Ye-ah,” Ruth answered, not really understanding his logic.
“I’m not explaining myself very well,” the man said, his face grimacing. “You see… if to know is to love… uh, that is… you can’t love someone unless you know them...” the man said, trying hard to verbalize his train of thought.
“So, there’ll come a point in time when, what? We’ll fall in love, is that it?” she asked, totally puzzled.
“Well...” the man began, his facial expression suggesting that he just can’t find the right words.
“You sure don’t talk like a priest,” she said, looking at her briefcase.
“I’m using the word love in a...”
“Of course,” Ruth interrupted in a tone suggesting that she wished to end the conversation. “Nothing personal, but you wouldn’t believe the amount of reading I need to do,” she said as she opened her briefcase. Taking out some papers, she sat down and began to read.
“I believe that there’s no such thing as an idle moment,” the man continued. “That each moment is precious and every moment should be spent, in part, in reflection. Don’t you agree?”
“Huh?” Ruth asked, clearly not interested.
“That each moment is precious?”
“Of course I agree. I’m a lawyer. We bill in hours,” she said flippantly.
“No...” the man began again, sorely aware that he was not getting his point across.
“You’re a priest,” Ruth said, cutting him off. “I can understand that you spend most of your time in reflection, but really, what good has it done you? They did tests… if you’re not exercising the brain... like a muscle, brain cells die off through lack of use. No disrespect but you could be only functioning at fifty percent mental capacity. There are probably mental patients with uh,” she pondered, distractedly, for a moment, looking at her papers, “with higher, you know, mental capacity.”
The priest stared at Ruth as if he was in shock. Trying not to look as hurt as he was feeling inside, the man considered for a moment what his appropriate response should be. “I understand you but some people must consider you… like what you just said, somewhat… insulting,” he said.
“Tell me about it,” she responded, still not looking up from her papers. “Some say I’m abrupt. But I’m just being honest. When a man’s being honest, he’s admired for being a straight-talker. When a woman’s being honest, she’s considered a bitch. Pardon the expression.”
“I don’t consider you a…”
“What’s the point of saying what you don’t mean?” she continued, now looking the man in his eyes. “I don’t suffer fools lightly and, insulting or not, my ambition’s got me where I am today. To hell with the begrudgers… again, pardon the expression.”
“You don’t have to keep…” the man said, changing his thought mid-sentence. “Your ambition’s got you where, now? What point were you making?”
“I’m the only female partner in a law firm of two hundred and seventy employees. I’m not bragging but last year I was voted the most successful woman by the Ladies Law Society. I’ve more money than I know what to do with… a beautiful house and invitations to every major cultural event in the city. I talk straight, I aim straight and I don’t apologize to anybody. I’m living the life I’ve always wanted and I wouldn’t swap my life with anybody’s.”
“That’s… very impressive,” the man said, not really sounding very impressed. “But there must be some absences in your life? Something lacking... something which you can’t quite put your finger upon, perhaps?”
“Sure. I don’t get enough sex,” she said, shooting straight.
Taken aback, the man secretly wondered if perhaps her intent was to now make him feel uncomfortable. “A pretty woman like you...” he said feebly.
“If I sleep with someone from work, they’re either trying to improve their position or else they’re looking for a conquest. Clients are taboo. So that leaves bars and clubs… give me a break,” she said, stealing quick glances at the man while looking over her papers.
“It’s difficult finding decent male companionship?” he asked.
“I use one or two services,” she answered.
“Dating services?”
“Only the ones that do a complete background check on prospective dates.”
“That’s important for the peace of mind, I suppose,” the man said, unsure of his place in the conversation.
“They’re really more suited to someone looking for a mate than a good fuck,” Ruth said, secretly smiling to herself.
“Oh… and you’re looking for a... you’re not looking for a mate?” he asked, his face turning a light pink, as he blushed.
“Men are attracted to me because of my career. Then, when they get serious, it’s the first thing they want me to get rid of. Go figure.”
“It must be very lonely for you, alright.”
“I’ve been in relationships where I’ve been lonelier,” the woman answered, now looking at him full on. “It must get lonely for you.”
“Oh, I have my work... my congregation… my flock,” he answered uncertainly.
“Must get noisy sometimes with all those sheep baa-ing for some attention,” she said in jest.
“You asked why I was in therapy,” the man answered energetically, perhaps a tad relieved to be able to deliver a strong punch line.
“Right,” Ruth added, seemingly not terribly amused. Returning to her work, the man didn’t have anything immediately come to his mind with which to entice her to continue the conversation. Looking around the small enclosure, he pensively looked up and sounded a deep sigh. Ruth only briefly looked up from her reading and was not curious enough to question what his thoughts might be.
“Do you believe in things happening for a reason?” he finally asked.
“You mean like you and me getting stuck together in an elevator?”
“I suppose,” he answered.
“God works in mysterious ways and all that bullshit?” she asked, not expecting him to answer, which he didn’t. “You get what you deserve,” she continued. “You work hard, you get rewarded. You sit around doing nothing, complaining about the raw deal you’re getting... All those guys, standing by the highway exit ramps with signs, begging? “Need help?” My grandfather came here, no English, took whatever work he could. Worked hard all his life and sent his kids to college. That’s the way the system works: you work hard, you get rewarded. Now you can’t leave the freeway or pull into a gas station without being attacked. Damn parasites…” she said angrily. “What was your question?”
“Then you must think badly of the work that I do... caring for… ministering to, such people,” he said, secretly taking umbrage at her mini outburst.
“I’m sure there are a few deserving cases out there. I’m talking about the big picture,” she clarified defensively and tightened her jaw.
“And what about on the personal level?” he enquired.
“The personal level?”
“The… significance of everyday events… in your life.”
“Significance of everyday events,” Ruth repeated out loud. “You mean, do I believe in God?” she asked suspiciously. “I see… here we go... Look, I’d rather not get into a religious discussion with a Catholic priest, if it’s all the same to you,” she said, almost scoffing at the notion. “I know a captive audience might seem like a “godsend” or something but right now root canal surgery would sound more appealing. And I really do have a lot of work to do.”
“I don’t wish to convert you,” the man insisted. “Don’t misunderstand me, I mean, aside from my role as a priest... I’ve been thinking a lot about this lately...” he said and paused, collecting this thoughts. “You see, it seems only in retrospect… when we look back on our lives and look at the direction, the zig-zag course our lives take... that, that we attribute significance to certain events. It may have seemed ordinary at the time, but looking back on it, it was very significant. But if we were aware at the time how significant the event was going to be... we’d question it more, give it more thought and hence make a better decision… take more control of our lives, I guess. If we let events go by without questioning… then, I think we’re giving up the opportunity to learn, to change, to become a better person.”
Papers still poised in her hand, Ruth didn’t seem to give what he said much genuine thought. “You sound like some Buddhist friends of mine,” she said.
“And I don’t know what it is from this situation that has relevance,” the man continued, unperturbed by her lack of interest. “What is it about you that I should learn from?” he pondered out loud.
“Not to think so much?” she answered with a smirk.
“What am I to take from this encounter and integrate into my life and thought?” he persisted.
“Are you sure you’re not Buddhist?” she asked without real interest.
“Catholicism has many parallels with Buddhism,” the man answered earnestly.
“It does?”
“In my understanding,” he clarified.
“What does the Pope say?” she asked, amused.
“The Pope still thinks that a Hindu lays eggs,” the man answered.
“What?” she asked, her attention now focused.
“It’s an old joke,” the man explained. “What’s a Hindu? Lay eggs.”
Unappreciative of the joke, Ruth relaxed her hold on her paperwork, her mind struggling to recall something from a distant memory. “I read an article somewhere…” she began, uploading her recollection. “It was about the difference between the parochial priest, the priest that stays at home, right? And the missionary priest who has a tendency to get involved in local politics and has real liberal views and everything... the church has a hard time with those guys, right?” she asked, not totally happy with her thought formulation. “Priests can get real frustrated with archaic church rules and everything?” she more clearly elucidated.
“Living amongst the dark side of human nature can certainly change a person,” the man answered heavily.
“They become Buddhists, apparently,” Ruth joked.
“You know about Buddhism?” the man asked, evidently not amused.
“A friend took me to a meeting once. I only heard one thing that made any sense to me.”
“Which was?”
“If you ever meet the Buddha on the road...” she said, and paused to retrieve a hand gun from her briefcase, “…kill him.”
“You carry a gun?” the man asked, quite obviously deeply and entirely shocked.
“A woman has to protect herself,” she answered, hefting the weapon with obvious expertise and then replacing it in her briefcase. “It’s a dangerous age.”
“Every age is dangerous… don’t you think?” the man asked but, as if she had not heard the question, Ruth returned to her reading.
“I don’t like guns,” the man said, his tone verging on animosity. “I’ve seen the destruction and devastation they can cause. Father Peace in gangland!” he exclaimed with bitter irony.
Either feigning disinterest or perhaps genuinely disinterested, Ruth didn’t remove her eyes from her reading material.
“The disadvantaged, the disposed, the unfortunates...” the man continued, his emotions aroused. “It’s never-ending. It seldom gets better and it always gets worse… and so few of us,” he paused, as if thinking of one or more incidents from his past. “The pop songs are right,” he said to Ruth, who didn’t acknowledge him, “… all it takes is love!”
So as not to appear totally rude, Ruth briefly looked his way and smiled.
“You know, my theory is that we’re all just babies,” the man said and waited, hoping for a follow-up question, which did not seem forthcoming. “If we’re loved and well looked after, we’re fine,” the man continued and paused.
As Ruth showed no interest in a real and continuing dialogue, the man reluctantly settled into a monologue. “The one thing that will always soothe us is mother’s soft, comforting voice,” he said. “There, there, everything’s going to be alright. Mama’s here... she loves you,” he paused. “But when Mama doesn’t come... we ball our eyes out and smash up everything in sight: our toys, our cot, ourselves. If I were to write a book about my experiences I’d probably call it, “Where’s Mama?” When you need her most.”
With sudden gusto, Ruth threw her papers to the side in anger. “And where’s Papa, huh?” she asked pointedly. “Why is all the blame always put onto the mother?” she demanded loudly, her lower jaw tense. “And what would you know? You think it’s easy being a single mother?”
“I wasn’t blaming...” the man said, surprised and disturbed by her sudden outburst.
“Well, I’ll tell you where Papa is!” Ruth interrupted. “He’s out on the fucking golf course, shirking his responsibilities… which is the single thing that he knows how to do really well!”
“I was speaking metaphorically…” the man said in his defense.
“What would you know?” she asked again.
“I didn’t wish to upset you,” he said softly. “I’ll be quiet. Go on with your reading.”
“You think I can concentrate?” she barked.
“I’m sorry.”
“Fuck you,” she said angrily, collecting together her spilt pages.
“I just don’t take very kindly to silence… when there’s so much on my mind,” the man said.
“I’m sorry,” Ruth said, realizing how she must be coming across. “It’s this... place.” Placing her papers back into her briefcase, she took out her cell phone and checked it for service. “There’s no signal! There’s no fucking signal!” she practically yelled, getting to her feet, her eyes fixed on the phone’s screen.
“Try it in different places,” the man suggested even though she was already walking around with it stretched out before her, shoving it first up high in the air and then as far as she could thrust it into a corner.
“What’s going on?” she asked no one in particular. “It’s not supposed to be like this! What is going on?”
“Nothing on mine, either,” the man said, having checked his own cell phone, wishing to be helpful.
Slamming the phone to the ground, Ruth jumped up and down on it, smashing it to pieces. “I’m going crazy! You hear me? Crazy!!” she yelled. “Let me out of here!! Let me out of here!!” she banged on the doors.
Rising to his feet, the man went to her. “Easy now. Easy,” he said, tentatively reaching out to touch her, which, like a sullen, angry child desperate for attention, she allowed. 
Tearfully, for the first time showing her true vulnerability, she looked up at him. “I am going to explode,” she said. “So help me, I am going to ex-plode!”
“Everything’s going to be alright,” he said, pulling her into him in a protective embrace. “I promise. Nothing can hurt you in here. You’re safe. You’re safe with me,” he said, massaging her back in the hopes of soothing her. As her body relaxed into his embrace, she rested her head upon his chest.
“As long as we stay calm and don’t do something silly, we’ll be alright. We’re both going to be alright,” he assured her.
Encouraged by her receptivity to his touch, he continued to softly massage her back. Her body yielding to him, she felt warm and supple within his strong grasp. He continued to massage her body, moving his hands upward from her back; rubbing first her tense neck beneath her flowing brunette hair, then caressing her head and hair.
They stood conjoined in the center of the elevator, embraced in silence. Well, not quite silence. They could now hear the soft orchestral sounds of what sounded like the muzak version of The Girl From Ipanema, which emanated from hidden speakers, somewhere above. Their bodies now swaying in unison; to a casual observer it would very much appear as if they were slow dancing to the tune.
The man now ran his fingers through her hair in a very tentative way, so as not to spook her, yet, at the same time, inquisitively, as if his fingers could query her mood. As her body obviously responded positively to his touch, his caresses gradually become more sexual in intent. 
Her flesh yielding to the soft caressing movement of his touch, slowly up and down, he lightly kissed her head. “It’s alright. It’s alright,” he whispered. Encouraged, as her embrace became tighter and her breathing became deeper, he took her head in one hand and kissed her forehead and face.
Her eyes still closed, she didn’t pull back. In fact, the signals she was giving, consciously or unconsciously, gave him every indication that her body was entering a very pleasant state of sexual arousal.
He kissed her lips. She kissed back but then opened her eyes quickly.
“What are we doing?” she asked, her body not disengaging from their embrace.
“Don’t worry,” he whispered, gently stroking her hair. “It’ll be fine. It’ll be great.”
“No. We can’t...: she said weakly.
He kissed her again and this time she kissed him back. Leaning into each other, their kisses became more passionate and like two starved lovers, falling slowly to the floor, they yielded to the hungry needs of their bodies. 
 
Time slid by… as if it had evaporated. They came to, as if they had been drugged or in some out-of-time, altered state of consciousness. Silently, and without haste or embarrassment, they put their remaining clothes back on. “I hope you don’t feel... There’s no need to be...” the man said, without finishing his thought.
“Don’t worry about it,” she said, not quite sure within herself how she was feeling after the deed.
“I understand if you...” the man said uncertainly.
“It doesn’t change anything, okay?” she considered. “We’re two strangers sharing an elevator. I don’t want to know you. The only thing we have in common is that we’re both going down… eventually.”
“I have to disagree,” the man said gently.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” she said, checking her makeup in her compact mirror.
“We didn’t do anything wrong,” he said, fastening his belt buckle.
“I’m not even going to ask why a Roman Catholic priest…”
“I can explain,” he interrupted.
“You’re not who you say you are and I don’t want to know. Let’s leave it at that. Okay?” she said, her thoughts still catching up with her actions.
“I can explain...” he repeated.
“I don’t want to know.”
“I’m at St. Ambrose,” he said, gathering his thoughts.
“Really,” Ruth said facetiously. “Why would anyone pretend to be a priest? Is that your thing? To pick up women?”
“I am a priest!”
“And I’m a nun.”
Unable to think of a quick response and for fear of repeating his protestations beyond reason, the man considered changing his tack. “I don’t want us to get off on the wrong foot,” he said.
“Give me a break,” Ruth said, much of her former attitude returning, as she checked her make-up and applied some lipstick.
“We shared something. Together,” he said warmly.
“Yeah. It’s called lust,” Ruth responded. “Like two caged animals. Let’s forget about the analysis, okay?”
“I think your bark is bigger than your bite,” he said playfully.
“I don’t care what you think. And I’d appreciate you not becoming familiar with me.”
Opening his mouth in obvious protest, Ruth quickly countered: “Call me “honey” and I swear I’ll physically hurt you.”
“You don’t want to start a family, then?” he joked. “Alright... truce,” he then said, in response to her warning look. “Had you plans for the evening?” he asked, hoping for the discussion to go in a different direction.
Attending to a stain on her business skirt, she purposefully ignored him.
“How can I ask you a question now without it sounding familiar?” he then asked.
“Easy. Don’t ask questions,” she replied, scraping the offending stain from her garment with the fingernail of her right thumb.
“Aren’t you even a little curious about what my life is like?” he asked.
“No.”
“Human nature doesn’t interest you.”
“Only when it breaks the law,” she answered flippantly.
“I have to break the law to command your interest?” he asked and waited patiently for her answer, which didn’t come. “I see,” he said after a pause. “It all boils down to money with you, then.”
“Look, I don’t mean to hurt your feelings or anything but you just don’t get it. Sure, if I found you attractive... It’s not that you’re unattractive, you’re okay. Oh, forget it,” she said, instantly regretting speaking her mind.
“Is it all about physical attraction for you?” he asked, secretly hurt.
“You think you’d be so attentive if I was an eighty year old hag?” she asked.
“No,” he conceded. “I do see your point.”
“Look, no one’s made my heart beat faster in… quite a long time,” she admitted.
Unable or unsure just how to respond, the man chose to be silent.
“You’re not unattractive,” she continued. “You probably grow on people.”
“Thanks,” he said, as he nonchalantly checked out the heel of his shoe.
“You’re a good fuck,” she said boldly.
“I’ll take all the compliments I can get,” the man said, smiling despite himself.
“Of course, I could be just trying to be nice, knowing how sensitive men can get about their sexual performance,” she said playfully. “But I’m not... you’re good.”
“Thank you,” he said, smiling and almost taking a bow.
“So what do you really do?” she asked.
“I told you. I’m-“
“A priest.”
“I don’t agree with celibacy,” he confided.
“No kidding,” she said.
“Who am I hurting?” he asked innocently.
“I would imagine that’s for your conscience to decide,” she said, stretching her jaw upward, her throat feeling dry. “I’m so thirsty. I don’t suppose you have anything to drink?”
“As a matter of fact...” he said, searching around inside his sports bag.
“Great!” she said, in expectation. Her expression faltered, however, when she saw what he was retrieving from the bag; a great big grin on his face.
“I have some Irish whiskey,” he exclaimed, holding aloft probably the biggest bottle of whiskey she had ever seen.
“You carry around a bottle of whiskey with you?” she asked.
“The last time my therapist offered me a drink, she had no Irish whiskey. Just some bad Scotch. I thought I’d bring her this,” he explained.
“But she wasn’t there,” she added.
“A stroke of luck,” he said, still smiling, as he cracked open the bottle and extending his arm, offered her the first drink.
“I don’t…” she refused. “Whiskey makes me crazy. I need water.”
“Water would be nice,” he said, taking a large swig from the bottle.
“And a bottle of beer as a chaser,” she half-joked.
“Stout,” the man corrected. “A bottle of stout.”
“Why not? You might as well conform fully to the national stereotype.”
“Not like you, hah?” he joked back. “A stuck up Jewish lawyer... cheers,” he said and took another drink.
“Are you going to get drunk?” she asked pointedly. “I don’t think I could take being locked up with a drunken Irish rogue passing himself off as a celibate monk, thank you very much.”
“I only drink to be sociable,” he explained, replacing the top on the bottle.
“You’re doing just fine sober,” she encouraged. “Much more attractive.”
“I’d say you grow on people too,” he responded, a glint in his eye.
“Men are only attracted to me when I pretend to be mysterious. Trust me, when they get to know me, they want to leave.”
“You… mysterious?” the man asked, acting confused. “I don’t think so.”
“No? I lead the most boring life imaginable… and you’re fascinated,” she said, acting like she was scoring a point.
“We have a connection,” he said, his eyes now appearing to twinkle. “Do you feel it?”
“No,” she said quickly, then reached out and grabbed the bottle of whiskey from where he had placed it on the floor. “Ugh, my throat is so dry!” she said as she uncapped the whiskey bottle, wiped the mouth and took a swig. Swallowing hard, she made a face of horrid disgust.
“That’ll put hairs on your chest,” he said.
Giving him a look of appalled distaste, she decided to take another swig. “This is good,” she said, making a similar facial expression of abject repugnance as she swallowed the surprisingly smooth and warmth-inducing liquid.
“Feeling better?” the man asked.
“I shouldn’t be drinking this,” she said as she passed the bottle back to his outstretched hand.
“If we had the freedom of choice, we would never have chosen to meet each other, would we?” he asked, taking a decent chug of liquor.
“Not unless I decided to go to a pervert’s anonymous meeting, no,” she answered, extending her hand for a return of the bottle.
“We were forced upon each other,” he said poetically. “I give that relevance.”
“You’re getting familiar again,” she warned as she took another swig from the bottle and handed it back.
“I’m considering the big picture,” he pontificated. “You must have some thoughts.”
“I don’t do unanswerable questions,” she said, looking at the bottle as if wondering if he was going to take his sip and pass it back.
“That’s right. You don’t do pain,” he said, taking another drink.
“Isn’t that what religion is all about?” she asked, extending her hand to receive the whiskey bottle. “Believing in the big mystery? The unanswerable?”
“I’m not talking about the mystery of the universe,” the man responded. “I’m more concerned with the mystery of my own life. I have to believe that my life makes sense. In some way… my life has to have some relevance, to add up to something...”
“Life is life. Enjoy it while it lasts,” Ruth said, sounding a tad inebriated at this point.
“To enjoy?”
“Enjoy… suffer. Your choice,” she said, taking another drink.
“You think we choose to suffer?” the man asked, seriously considering her words.
“Look at you,” she said, taking a good look at her drinking companion. “Isn’t that what all Catholics believe? Suffer now and get the big payoff in Heaven? And because it’s so noble to go around in pain all the time… you feel guilty if you’re having too good a time of it? Catholics don’t want to be successful because they think that they don’t deserve it. If they’re in pain, they’re miserable; if they’re successful, they’re miserable. The Jews have no qualms about wanting to be successful. So the Christians look at them and go, “Look at these greedy sonsa bitches, wanting to own the world: they must be Godless. So they make them suffer. Till everybody’s suffering. The world can’t move on as long as someone, somewhere thinks that the reason for being here is to see who can tolerate suffering the most... There, you got me talking about religion,” she admitted, as she slurred her words a bit and returned the bottle. “You don’t want to hear what I have to say.”
“But it’s been my experience that Jewish people are wracked with guilt?”
“It’s an act. They’ve learned what happens when you gloat over success. So they give money to high profile charities, pretend to be guilt-ridden and miserable and hope nobody gives them a hard time. It’s a learned… defensive behavior or something,” she said, looking like it was hard for her to contain and enunciate her thoughts.
“Christ never said that we have to suffer. Heaven is here, now. It’s all interpretation,” the man explained.
“Yeah, love your neighbor is open to all kinds of diabolical meanings,” she sniggered and took another drink.
“What do you think of Christ?” the man asked earnestly.
“I think he’s great!” she responded joyfully. “I saw the musical three times!” she said, giggling. “He’s a superstar!”
“I mean his teaching?” the man asked, still hoping for a meaningful conversation.
“A lot of it seems to have been lost in translation,” she answered, giggling again.
“Are you drunk?”
“You know the funny part?” she asked, ignoring his question. “I mean, we see all these pictures of him, you know, blond, blue-eyed, Aryan pin up. Right?”
“Yes?”
“He was from the Middle East, he spoke Arabic, he had colored skin, dark hair, brown eyes - he was a Jew!” she exclaimed and laughed uncontrollably.
“Take it easy on the whiskey, there,” he admonished with a smile.
“Hanging up there on the cross,” she continued. “Why does he look Caucasian?”
“I see what you mean,” the man nodded in agreement. “More Omar Shariff than Peter O’Toole, right?”
“I’m sorry. I’m probably being insensitive and blasphemous. But fuck it! I don’t give a shit.”
“No… you’re right. The bible is a collection of fairy tales. Lot’s wife being turned into a pillar of salt? They’re parables and myths not to be taken seriously. The Old Testament, the Jewish bible, for instance…“
“Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah...” Ruth interrupted.
“Maybe the reason for you being here with me is to force you to face up to these religious questions you’ve been avoiding all your life?” the man suggested.
“Shad up!” she slurred.
“There comes a point in everyone’s life where they have to decide what they truly believe in...”
“Shut the fuck up!” she shouted, her words clearly slurring.
“Alright. Okay… no more religion,” he surrendered.
“Is that a promise?”
“But everything has a religious dimension...” he insisted.
“Uggghhhh!!”
“I can’t have a thought without it having something to do with the religious,” he explained.
“Don’t think. Here...” she said as she passed back the bottle of whiskey. “Be merry.”
Taking a drink, he then laughed as if he thought of something funny.
“What?” she enquired.
“We’re like two characters in a Beckett play,” he said.
“A what?”
“Samuel Beckett. The playwright,” he clarified.
“Ah ha,” she said, his clarification not helping.
“Waiting for Godot? You’ve heard of Waiting for Godot, yeah?”
“Vaguely,” she replied. “I don’t get to the theatre as much as I should.”
“Are you sure he’ll come?” “Who?” “Your man.” “Who?”  “Are you sure he said today?”  “Weren’t you there?” “I mustn’t have been listening,” the man said, playing the characters from the play and laughing.
Clearly not appreciating the humor, Ruth reached out her hand for the bottle.
“What if he doesn’t come?” “He has to come.” “What if he doesn’t?” “We’ll have to come back tomorrow,” he continued, clearly enamored of the characters and their dialogue.
“Your favorite play?” Ruth asked, still unimpressed.
“I run a drama group for the kids,” the man said. “We performed it last year.”
“A success?”
“They didn’t understand it. They applauded, but they didn’t understand it,” the man answered, sadly.
“You understand it.”
“Oh, yeah,” he said, heaving a deep sigh. “Oh, yeah.”
“There must be something we can do to pass the time,” Ruth said, looking around with boredom. The man laughed. “What? What’s so funny?”
“Are you sure you haven’t seen it?” he asked.
“I told you...”
“That’s a line from the play,” he explained. “That’s what the play’s all about:  What can we do to pass the time?”
“I haven’t seen it,” she replied, annoyed.
“You must look out for it.”
“Yeah,” she said, almost pouting. Turning her attention to her briefcase, she looked inside it and mentally debated to herself what project she should focus upon next. Her buzz seemed to dissipate with her diminishing interest in the conversation.
“Would you like to dance?” the man asked.
“What?”
“Would you like to dance?” he asked again.
“I don’t dance,” she answered. “But you go ahead.”
“It’s great fun.”
“I don’t dance.”
“Why not?”
“You mean a waltz or something?” she asked, looking really puzzled.
“Set dancing.”
“Set dancing?” she asked, her brow furrowed. “You mean like Country and Western?”
“Irish set dancing. Jigs and reels.”
“You’re crazy,” she scoffed. “Do I look like someone that dances jigs and reels?”
“Have you ever tried?”
“You want me to dance a jig?” she asked with a serious expression.
“I’ll show you. It’s great fun. You become a different person,” he assured her.
“No,” she answered with a shake of her head and took yet another drink from the bottle.
“You should see these tough little gang members,” he said enthusiastically.
“Gang members?”
“They come in all tough and macho... Then five minutes on the floor, flaying their arms and legs to the music... and they’re kids again,” he said, smiling at the image in his head.
“Yeah, well you won’t catch me flaying anything about,” she said, dismissing the idea. “Besides, you’ve no music.”
As if expecting such an objection, the man produced an old style cassette player from his bag. He then ejected the tape to make sure that it was the right one and clicking it back in, he pressed play. An Irish jig began to play. Unfazed by her lack of interest, he switched it off and rewound it to its beginning. He then stood fully erect and in a grand flourish, he extended his hand to her as if he was approaching her for a dance on the dance floor of a European royal court. “It’ll help to pass the time,” he said, smiling.
Despite her reluctance, an unintended smile broke out upon her face. Taking his proffered hand, she allowed him to pull her to her feet. “What do I do?” she asked, standing at his side.
“First, you listen,” he explained. “Let the music become your guide; attach your body to the music. You have no thoughts… your mind becomes your body.”
“Sounds like yoga,” she uttered. “I was no good at that, either.”
“Consider yourself alone,” he continued, “…just you and the music. Try to become the music.”
“You say all this to gang members?” she asked with concern. “Aren’t you afraid of being shot?”
“Okay,” he said, totally ignoring her. Bending down, he pressed play on the tape player.
“Now, close your eyes and listen,” he instructed as he waited for the music to begin. He watched and waited for her to close her eyes, which, after making a playful face, she did. He then closed his own eyes. As the music started, he didn’t move. Surprised by his lack of movement she quickly opened her left eye to steal a peek.
“Don’t try to move,” he said as she quickly closed her eye again. “Let your body decide. Your body wants to dance; it needs to dance. Trust it and it will take you places you’ve never been before.”
As if his last sentence sounded like one utterance beyond corny to her, she opened both her eyes. The music playing from the tape player was now a fully fledged Irish jig.
“Trust me, this will be fun,” he said, opening one eye to wink at her.
Ruth closed her eyes again and, as instructed, listened to the music as best she could but she quickly opened her eyes again. “I can’t dance to this!” she said dismissively.
“Sure you can.”
“I don’t know the steps.”
“Just follow your feet,” he said simply.
“You don’t know my feet,” she said.
“Try.  Let...”
“Yeah, yeah, let the music take me, right,” she interjected and closed her eyes again. Listening to what, to her ears, sounded like undanceable, manic music, she soon opened her eyes again. “It’s not going to happen,” she announced and sat back down.
Still concentrated on the music, his eyes closed, the man suddenly took off dancing, his feet whisking him around the confined space. Quickly tucking in her feet beneath her chin, Ruth saved the bottle from being kicked and watching the crazed movements of the man’s feet, she decided to take another swig.
Perhaps expecting his dance moves to be more well-timed, graceful steps, she was surprised that the man danced with apparent abandon, obviously not caring how foolish he actually looked. This is no Riverdance, she thought to herself, not by a long stretch.
He did appear to be totally immersed in the dance, however, and appeared to be enjoying himself immensely. What the hell, she thought to herself as she took another swig of the Irish whiskey. She got to her feet and followed his movements as best she could.
“Good girl, yourself,” he said, welcoming her to the party. “Just do your own style,” he said. “No good trying to do what I’m doing.”
“I wouldn’t know where to start,” she said as she moved her feet, mechanically at first but gradually becoming less inhibited. Whirling around like a mad dervish, the man emitted an occasional “Yeow!”
Beginning to relax and enjoy herself, Ruth’s movements became wilder and less inhibited. Pretty soon her legs were kicking high in the air, her arms were flaying about, and her head was shaking like she was at a rock concert. “Yeow! Yeow!” she bellowed, aping his outbursts.
He interlocked his arms in hers and turned her to the rhythm of the music, their bodies following a number eight course. They moved in this way several times until he then took her bended arms and spun her round, getting gradually faster. She screamed like a kid on a fairground ride. They accelerated so fast that their grips didn’t hold and they spun off in opposite directions, both laughing.
Bouncing off the rear wall, she stopped moving and standing with her arms still extended, her facial expression suggested that her head was still spinning. “Oh, I’m dizzy!” she said, trying to catch her breath.
“Isn’t this fun?” he asked, a gleeful boy-like expression on his face. 
“You’re a crazy son of a…” she said as she jumped into his arms and planted a kiss firmly on his lips.
“We’re good for each other,” he said, as he pulled back, trying to take a deep breath. “And you know it!”
“Why do you always ruin everything by talking?” she asked as she pulled him tighter and kissed him with animalistic fervor.
“If you were less happy with your life, you’d consider me and you. Wouldn’t you?” he asked, pulling his lips from hers long enough to fill his lungs with badly needed air.
“Less happy with my life?” she asked. “You think I have some sort of perfect life?”
“Most Successful Woman” of the century and all that?” he said, quoting her.
“Ha. My life sucks!” she said, almost with glee.
“Marry me,” the man said quickly, on impulse.
“What?” she asked, wondering if she had possibly heard him correctly.
The man extended his right foot and managed to hit the stop button on the tape player, the music ceasing abruptly. “Spend the rest of your life with me,” he said, smiling ecstatically.
With a troubled expression, she broke away from his grasp and looked at him like he might be an actual crazy person, after all. “What?” she asked again, seemingly lost for words. “Are you nuts?”
“Yes,” the man answered, unapologetically.
“Do you know what you’re asking?” she asked, secretly questioning his sanity.
“Don’t think about it,” he enthused. “Just say yes!”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” she asked. “I mean, you are really serious!”
“Don’t you believe in destiny? Fate?”
“No,” she answered coldly.
“Try,” the man urged. “Try… allow yourself to believe. You do deserve to be happy.”
“What are you talking about?” she asked, beginning to feel concerned and unsafe.
“You deserve a beautiful future… all the happiness!” he said with joyful abandon.
“With you?”
“God has placed us here together. He has selected you for me and me for you! Don’t you feel it?” he asked, looking to her more a loony than a mystic.
“No,” she said boldly, hoping that he would stop talking.
“The connection?” he persisted. “Maybe they’re not fireworks but you do feel the connection...”
“...no. I’m sorry... I don’t,” she answered.
“Oh, you’re just resisting,” he said playfully.
“You’re scaring me,” she said. “Talking like this… you really scare me.”
“Of course you’re scared. It’s a scary decision to make. To open your heart... and to someone you’ve just met...”
“Can we talk about something else? Seriously. I mean, really… I am very frightened right now. What with the whiskey and everything... I don’t feel so…” Wobbling on her feet, possibly about to faint, she allowed the man to hold her and help her to get her balance.
“I understand,” he said softly. “I just got excited. I know I should give you time. But it just seems so right to me. Like everything’s coming together... You and me... “
“I’m sorry but...” she said, weakly. Looking like a vulnerable and uncertain young girl, she held the man tighter and looked around as if she were wondering where she was and perhaps even questioning her own reality.
“We can make each other so happy, I know we will,” the man said softly and soothingly. “There is so much potential for love, for deep, caring love,” he said with a genuine open heart.
“Please stop this…” she implored softly and without explicit intent.
“Don’t be upset,” he said soothingly, holding her tighter to his chest.
“Don’t be upset?” she responded tearfully. “How can you be asking me to spend the rest of my life with you when… when I don’t even know your name?”
“We can fill in all the details as we go...” he suggested softly.
“Details?” she asked, her tears flowing freely down her cheeks. “Why are you doing this to me?” she asked, sounding almost helpless and seemingly lacking the will or the energy to defend her inner vulnerabilities. “It takes me twenty years to make this kind of a decision… and you want... now?” she said, trying to gather her thoughts and perhaps her very sanity. “God has placed us here together?” she said, quoting him. “I can’t deal with all of this...” she said as her feet refused to hold her upright any longer and still in his arms, both their bodies slid toward the floor.
“Alright, alright,” he said, stroking her hair, holding her in his arms. “We don’t need you to answer right now. You think about it. How’s that? Just think about it... in your own time.”
Feeling safer and more relaxed, she stretched her body out on the floor and still allowing his tender embrace, she nestled her head on his chest which she used nicely as a pillow.
“If it’s meant to be, it will be,” he said. “I get excited sometimes... Let’s see how everything goes, alright?” he asked gently.
“Just hold me,” she said, as if feeling suddenly cold and curled her legs tighter towards her chest and pressed them against his warm body. “Just hold me.”
Holding her tightly in his strong and protective embrace, he stroked her hair and lightly kissed her forehead. “Everything’s going to be okay,” he said as she snuggled against him and allowed her body to fall into a light slumber. Resting his head back, his eyes slowly closed and relaxing his grip, yet still gently holding her, he drifted off to sleep.
 
The man was the first to open his eyes from their shared snooze, the length of which he had no idea. Their bodies still entwined on the floor, the man watched her sleep with a gentle smile on his face. He smiled broader as her eyes opened and she winced, her facial expression suggesting a headache and a general sense of disorientation. “Good morning,” he said softly.
“Is it morning?” she asked, slowly moving her body to sit up.
“I’ve no idea, actually. It could be morning or the middle of the night, it’s all the same. We’re still in an eternal state of dazzling lights and angelic muzak,” he answered, not seeming to mind.
“I feel like shit,” she said, sounding despairing, her tongue tasting her dry mouth and not liking its putrid condition. “What I’d do for some water,” she said.
“Do you have any children?” he asked.
“Why do you ask?” she answered, searching through her cosmetics.
“No reason,” he said.
“I have a boy,” she finally responded. “He’s sixteen and an overall pain in the neck.”
“You don’t get along?”
“He’s had it rough, I guess,” she said, softening. “What with the divorce and everything.”
“He’s in school, then?”
“Sometimes,” she answered, cryptically. “He ran away from school… ran away from home. He’s what you’d call a troubled kid; even tried to take his own… ugh, you don’t want to hear it.”
“Maybe he needs a father?” he suggested.
“He has a father.”
“They get along?”
“His father lives on the other coast. The kid visits him a couple of times a year,” she said, sounding tired of the conversation already. “I always wanted a girl. Is that a terrible thing to say?”
“Not to me,” the man said, secretly commending himself for being a good listener.
“Boys are messy,” Ruth continued, looking into her mirror and fixing her face as best she could.  “Just like dogs: noisy, excitable and always leaving a mess around the house. Girls are more like cats. I have two cats.”
“I like dogs,” the man admitted.
“You have a dog?”
“A St. Bernard.”
As if they had both run out of conversation, a pregnant pause ensued.
“Oisin,” the man said, finally.
“What?”
“My name. Oisin Devlin.”
“Oh… yeah. Ruth Gerraro,” she said awkwardly.
“Gerraro?” the man pondered. “Is that Italian? You’re a Catholic?”
“I don’t know what I am,” she responded heavily. “That’s my husb-- ex-husband’s name. Schwartz is a name I haven’t used in quite some time.”
“How do you do?” he said, reaching for her hand, which at first she didn’t comprehend. 
”Oh, pleased to meet you! Usheen Devlin,” she said as she awkwardly joined him in a polite handshake. “This isn’t weird,” she said.
“Ruth Swords,” he said, trying out her name.
“Schwartz!” she instantly corrected. “Ruth Schwartz.”
“Schwartz,” he repeated quickly.
“Usheen,” she said. “You don’t get that name very often.”
“It was my name until I came here,” he explained. “But no one could ever pronounce it or maybe even wanted to. At first they called me Ush but pretty soon someone called me Josh and that’s what stuck. No matter how many times I’ve tried to correct them… I’ve been known as Josh ever since.”
“Father Josh,” she said.
“I don’t mind,” he said, sounding like secretly he did indeed, mind.
“Don’t take this the wrong way or anything but it’s not going to change anything,” she admonished.
“What?”
“I find you very nice and everything but... I just don’t want to start anything. It wouldn’t work. You understand?”
“What wouldn’t work?” he asked.
“You being... I mean us being sooo different,” she said breezily. “I don’t need those kinds of complications in my life right now.”
Unsure of a meaningful response, and as if mulling things over, Josh remained silent.
“Are you upset?” she inquired.
“No.”
“You understand,” she asked, as if hoping that his feelings were not being hurt. “You feel the same way?”
“No.”
“You’re married to the Pope for chrissakes!” she said, impatiently.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said, retreating to his corner and placing the tape player back into his bag.
“This is important,” she said, straightening up. “I don’t want what has occurred… what has transpired between us...  I don’t want to be held accountable...”
“As if nothing happened?” the man said, not looking at her.
“Look, things are different out there in the real world. You know what I’m talking about.”
“Yes. Laws,” he said.
“Laws?”
“Out there, there are a whole set of other people’s laws. In here, the laws are whatever we decide.”
“I guess,” she agreed, not really understanding.
“I’m not in disagreement about having no contact, once we return to our lives,” he assured her.
“Well then,” she said, hoping that the case was now closed.
“What I do disagree with is the assertion that nothing happened.”
“Well of course something happened!” she said, losing her patience. “We’re human… we’re adults and we’re trapped, caged up like prisoners, like… animals… we get horny!” she said, wishing not to have to explain herself. “Crisis is not my best time, you know?”
“Relax,” he said halfheartedly. “I want nothing from you.”
“We could maybe file a joint lawsuit or on your own, if you prefer. I could help you with all that stuff. But that’s the only contact...”
“I won’t be filing a lawsuit,” Josh said with an air of finality.
“That’s right,” Ruth replied, irritated by his sulkiness and overall attitude. “It’s an act of God, right? He’s working in mysterious ways,” she said, instantly regretting her words. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t joke. You’re just such a…”
“He’s your God too,” he interrupted.
“If you say so,” she said, sorting through her briefcase as a signal indicating her desire to end the discussion. 
Relaxing his back fully against the rear wall, Josh looked up and emitted a long, deep sigh. “This must be what purgatory is like,” he said, pensively.
“I never understood the concept of purgatory,” Ruth added, happy to have the topic of conversation changed.
“In layman’s terms, it’s that state between Heaven and Hell. You’ve read Dante’s Divine Comedy?”
“Wasn’t on the curriculum,” she answered, sorting through her legal reading material.
“Dante was Italian,” he then said, remembering, his expectant demeanor changing slightly when she shrugged her shoulders with ambivalence. “There’s three parts,” he continued. “The Inferno, where the sinners go. Paradise, where the righteous go and Purgatorio, ’that second realm where the human spirit is purified and becomes worthy to ascend to Heaven.’ Souls in Purgatory struggle towards the light. They’re trying to lead good lives but find themselves overburdened by... adverse circumstances, faults they committed, bad habits they formed, hereditary flaws, and so on.”
“It’s called excess baggage,” Ruth interjected. “I know all about it.”
“The sword of God falls neither swift nor slow,” he said quoting. “Save to those eager to see justice done… or who in guilt and fear await the blow.”
“If you’re going to quote poetry...  Don’t you know any happy poems? Maybe some love poems, perhaps?” she asked. “I thought you Irish go around quoting Yeats and…”
“You’re a very beautiful woman,” he said, looking directly at her.
“Nice try but that doesn’t even rhyme,” she said jokingly.
“I think you’re a very beautiful woman.”
“Are you referring to my mind or to my legs?” she asked facetiously.
“Well, for someone with such a sharp mind, you can be very blunt at times,” he said, his romantic mood broken.
“Did you just make that up? I bet all the women love you. You charm them to pieces, don’t you?”
“I do like the company of women,” he admitted.
“No kidding,” she said, warming to him again. “Tell me a story,” she said, putting away her briefcase.
“What kind of a story?” he asked, brightening to the task.
“I don’t know. You must know some stories. What do you tell the kids? How about a fairy tale?” she asked hopefully.
“A fairy tale?” he repeated as he mentally sifted through his storehouse of tales.
“Yes, please. Don’t tell anyone but I’m a sucker for “Once upon a time,’” she said in a little girl voice. Shifting closer towards him, she curled her feet up, making herself feel as cozy as she could.
“Alright. Once upon a time...” he said, mentally selecting a suitable yarn. “Once upon a time in a small provincial village, far, far away, there lived a family of five boys. The eldest worked the small ancestral plot of land which unfortunately could offer no support or sustenance to his brothers. So, one by one, after some basic schooling, they left for foreign lands, some choosing East, some the West. The youngest, however, showing a disposition for books and study, was encouraged to think not of travel but of... magic. You see, as a child he had dreams… he dreamt of becoming a healer. The people of the village knew that he was special and that a special life was his destiny. So they sent him to the spiritual elders, who sent him away to the city for initiation and training. They asked him to give his life to the healing of others… that from then on he was to think and act only for the all-mighty one, the spiritual Godhead of healers everywhere... Beatrice...”
“Beatrice?” Ruth blurted, not expecting such a name.
“There was to be no one else in his life but Beatrice,” he continued. “They taught him the ancient arts of sacred ritual and healing... and after many years of devotion and celibate discipline they sent him to foreign lands where he was much needed to heal the sick and spread the good news of Beatrice. He was not allowed to amass riches for himself, or to help others to do so, but to eat, drink and live simply. He could not speak of local politics or engage in gossip. He was never to know another the way that a groom knows his bride. His skin was never to know the soft skin of another; his nose never to behold a perfumed fragrance; his eyes never to behold a naked body in a soft morning light... his genes never to know their descendants or his manliness never to feel the thrill of fatherhood.”
“Jeez…” Ruth said.
“But he did have Beatrice… or at least he thought he did,” Josh continued and then paused. “Life in the gutter, at times, can easily obscure pure light and the sheer mass of unbelievers can easily drain the idealism of a newly pledged youth. No one ever asked if he was happy. No one wondered if the healer himself needed to be healed... and, in his darkest days, when the light of Beatrice was but a forgotten tale, when his over-burdened soul slept a sleep of utmost exhaustion… his body took solace in the forbidden... and he fell from grace.” Josh paused, seemingly deeply saddened by his own tale. Ruth decided to stay silent; had he finished, she wondered?
“One bite of the forbidden fruit made senseless a life of austerity, purity and a… selfless dedication to serving sinners…” he soon continued, with a heavy heart. “His only sin didn’t even rank on their commandments. It was then that he turned his face from Beatrice… as a peasant who steals from his master; as a dog cowers after having bitten the hand that fed it. For years and years he has lived in a silent darkness, a self-imposed exile where, as now an ordinary sinner, he masquerades as the representative of divinity…”
Deeply affected by his story, and well aware that the tale he was telling was his own, Ruth chose her words carefully. “Why doesn’t he ask forgiveness? From Beatrice?” she asked softly.
“Because he knows that he’ll receive it,” Josh answered, dispirited.
“Huh?” asked Ruth, so surprised that the ability to find a more suitable response was lost to her.
“Because he knows that that would be too easy,” he explained. “You see, he didn’t just sin against Beatrice but also against the community in which he was placed in faith to serve. He betrayed their trust. He sinned against the community and it is they that must forgive him. Only then can he make his peace with Beatrice… finally.”
“The people… the community won’t forgive him?” she asked.
“No,” Josh answered with a heavy heart. “He hasn’t asked them… but, no, they won’t forgive him.”
“How do you know if you... if he hasn’t asked?” she corrected herself.
“They won’t,” he answered with certainty. “Believers talk about love and forgiveness as if it were their stock-in-trade; as if they casually dispensed love and forgiveness to one and all like a candy machine dispenses candy. But it’s not true. When it comes down to it… there are many transgressions on their list that they probably never will offer forgiveness for. Until I do get that forgiveness, my Soul is as good as… lost.”
“I think perhaps that he might underestimate them,” she said gently.
“They looked up to him,” Josh said, “and still do. He was a model… his behavior was supposed to be an example to all. We’ve all seen what the world does to their heroes that transgress... how they can turn. The same people that hailed Jesus as he rode in triumph into Jerusalem were the same people that later called for his crucifixion.”
“Well, I’m sorry but that wasn’t much of a fairy tale!” Ruth declared, shifting her body more upright. “You slept with someone, big deal! It’s about time the Catholic Church woke up to the twentieth century for heaven sakes! They brainwash these kids and then expect them to behave like saints all their lives? You’re not perfect. None of us are. It wasn’t your fault.” 
Seeing that a tear had escaped from his left eye, she gently wiped it away with her sleeve. “Why don’t you give yourself a break for a change?” she cajoled. “Concentrate on all the good things you’ve done. You’re a charming, beautiful man, do you know that? And your congregation loves you, don’t they? Your “flock?” And why not? You have the kindest heart… you’re intelligent… witty. A blunt mind and a sharp tongue,” she said and smiled, hoping to cheer him. “You people just love to suffer, don’t you?” she added, but he was either too sad or too broken and didn’t respond.
“Okay,” she said, relaxing her cheerfulness. Why don’t you tell me about it? Go on, I’ll listen. You need to talk about it and let it out. Go ahead. I’m a captive audience. How long ago was it?”
“How long?” he asked as if his thoughts were elsewhere.
“Yeah. Today? The day before? Years ago?”
“For fifteen years I had been at St. Marks,” he recalled. “Gorgeous parish. Then, out of the blue, from one of the most affluent parishes in Christendom, they send me all the way to the slums of the inner city. It was terrible… full of angry, bitter people. The parish is huge, I mean it’s colossal... and there’s no money to do anything. They might just as well have sent me to Calcutta. Needless to say, I didn’t cope very well. There was just too many of them and too few of us. They put me in charge of Youth Shelter, a hostel for street kids, runaways...” he said and stopped.
“I see,” Ruth said, encouraging him to continue.
“Totally out of my depth,” he added.  I didn’t know what kind of lives these kids were leading; I didn’t know anything about the street...  I felt so lonely, Ruth... so terribly, terribly lonely.
“And too proud to say anything,” she suggested. “They would probably have transferred you, if you asked them.”
“I was sent there on a mission. There were no volunteers and, my God, they needed us... I prayed so hard. I prayed and I prayed, for strength, for guidance… but there was nothing... except emptiness. I was so unsure to begin with and now when I was being tested...”
“So you got involved with someone,” Ruth stated gently. “That’s only natural. Was it a volunteer? An employee of the shelter?”
“No,” Josh answered sadly. “It was just a couple of other priests and myself.”
“Then what? Someone from the convent? A nun? What?” she asked, his expression too shameful and guilt-ridden, he was probably not going to answer. “Another priest?” she asked, running out of possibilities. With a sad shake of his head, he diverted his eyes away from her. “You don’t mean...  Not... not one of the kids?” she asked desperately. “Oh, my God,” she said when he didn’t deny it and instead raised his hands to his shameful eyes.
“Oh, my God!” she repeated, the reality of the disclosure worming its way, sickening her on every level, into the depths of her psyche. “The... how old? How old were they? No, I don’t want to know. Oh my God, I feel sick. Jesus!” she said, getting to her feet. The acrid taste of whisky in the back of her throat made her feel positively ill and certain that she might actually vomit. “A child molester!” she finally said. “I’m locked up with a child molester!”
As if pained into silence, Josh remained seated, his eyes shielded by his hands. Ruth’s breathing got deeper and deeper as further ramifications of his transgressions sank into her consciousness. “I’m filthy,” she declared. “I feel filthy... ugh!!” she said as she ran her hands hysterically over her body. “You bastard!” she then shouted at him. “Ugh, I feel sick. I feel sick. I’m going to throw up,” she said hysterically as she squatted down feeling queasy. “How did I ever..?” she asked without finishing the question. “God, I feel so nauseous. I’m going to go mad. I can’t... I’m losing my mind!” she shouted as she stood back up again, fighting the urge to scream her head off.
“Are you happy now?” she asked him, as she frantically rubbed her lips and tongue, as if trying to make them clean. “I’m losing my mind! Are you happy now?” she asked again as she paced angrily before him. “Ugh! Ugh...!”
“I understand,” Josh said weakly. “I understand how you must feel...”
“You understand how I feel?” she asked, further incensed. “You understand how I feel??”
“Please hear me out,” he said, lowering his hands from his face, “... there’s more.”
“Don’t you talk to me!” Ruth warned, her lips quivering with rage. “Don’t you dare talk anymore to me! Keep your filthy mouth shut! Understand?”
“Please,” he said, as he rose from his feet. “You don’t know the whole story.”
“Don’t you come near me!” she threatened and moved about the tiny space as if she were a primitive animal, recently confined to a cage. “Don’t you dare come near me, Goddamn it!”
“Listen to me!” he implored, not moving.
“I don’t want to hear! Are you deaf? I don’t want to hear! You see what happens when you listen?” she yelled.
“Please...” he said, gently.
“NO! NO! Goddamn enough already!” she shouted as she placed her hands on her ears. “I’m going crazy! I’m going crazy!”
“If you don’t hear the whole story, you’ll assume the worst,” he said, but she refused to acknowledge him. “Fine,” he said as he threw up his arms in despair. Sitting back down, he tried to calm himself and ignore her.
Finally regaining some measure of composure, Ruth lowered her arms to her sides and began to breathe more deeply.
“It was a very difficult time,” Josh said after a long pause. “Looking after kids who had more experience than most eighty-year olds... who saw more grime and primitive reality in a day than most people see in a lifetime.”
“Please...” Ruth implored.
“Some of them sold themselves on the streets… their only source of income.”
“Please...” she said again, begging him to remain quiet.
“It didn’t seem to bother them… they had become so hardened, I guess,” he continued, as if needing to exorcise his dark memories. “They respected me… they loved me, and I them. I couldn’t hide anything from them… they could see my pain, my loneliness. It was the same as theirs, I guess. We were a family, a home away from home. I wasn’t in charge...”
“I told you that I don’t want to hear,” she said, her voice shaking.
“You have to,” he said, calmly.
“I do not “have to” anything,” she protested.
“You’re part of this,” he said.
“I do not want to hear!” she repeated, more emphatically.
“You can’t shut us out,” he said.
“What?”
“Don’t you see that that’s the problem? Out of sight… out of mind?” he asked. “What happened is just as much your fault as theirs and mine.”
“You’re crazy,” she said.
“You cannot shut your ears to what you helped create!” he said loudly.
“You’re talking like a crazy person,” she answered back, just as loud.
“You must own up to your responsibility.”
“Oh, please, God, someone please save me from this madman!” she implored the heavens.
“When you stop loving someone… you send them off into exile,” he said more calmly.
“I’m not interested, okay?”
“Look, I know it’s painful but you need to hear this,” he said but reacted badly when she put her hands to her ears and hummed loudly to the Muzak. “You need to hear this!” he yelled, grabbing her by the arms. “Why won’t you listen to me?”
“Keep away from me, you,” she said, breaking free of his grasp. “Keep away from me, do you hear?”
“Will you just listen?” he shouted.
“I told you already, no!” she shouted back. “I do not want to listen!”
Suddenly, his face enraged, Josh reached into his bag and pulled out a neck tie.
“What are you doing?” she asked nervously as he advanced on her. “Keep away from me. What are you doing?” she repeated as he backed her to the wall.
“I’m not a violent man,” he said. “Please forgive me.”
“Don’t you dare touch me,” she warned but he very quickly grabbed hold of her arms and held them behind her back. He then tied her hands together. In shock, resisting with only a little effect, she could only manage to kick at him a bit with her bare feet. “Let go of me! You have no right!” she yelled, as she lost her balance and fell to her knees. “Let go of me! Help!” she shouted, as he rolled up a handkerchief and stuffed it into her mouth, silencing her completely.
“Forgive me,” he said earnestly. As she struggled to no effect, he calmed himself. “Stop struggling,” he told her. “I’m not going to harm you.” As she continued to struggle, however, he again became more agitated. “I’m not going to harm you!!” he shouted. Perhaps frightened by the power and menace of his voice, she immediately stopped moving.
“No harm will come to you, I promise,” he said more serenely, with an almost beatific smile. “Why do you force me to go to such lengths to make you hear what I have to say? When I have finished, I’ll release you... okay?”
Her eyes wide open with fear, Ruth didn’t respond, or acknowledge his query, one way or another.
“I’ve lived a very strange life,” he continued. “No... Let me start with you,” he said, reconsidering. “Why is your life linked with mine?” he pondered out loud. “On the surface, perhaps, we couldn’t be more different. But you see, the way you live your life determines how I get to live mine... I’m thinking out loud here, so bear with me,” he said, pacing a little to gather his thoughts.
“The one thing all the cultures and all the religions agree upon is the family, isn’t that true? The central unit… the nucleus. Maybe you can gauge the health of a society by the health of the families in that society. And you might say that I’m one of society’s... trouble-shooters. I’m not allowed a family of my own so I go around adopting the strays, the casualties of what the press loves to describe as dysfunctional families. Like yours… perhaps,” he suggested, pausing to look down at her. 
“Those families where, for one reason or another… the center didn’t hold, to quote Yeats,” he said pointedly. “And believe me, I’ve heard all the reasons and have met with all the players: the abusive fathers, the alcoholic mothers, the delinquent juveniles, the adulterers, the separated, the divorced, the single parent, the absent parent, the poor, the bankrupt, the impotent, the frustrated, the angry, the crazies...  I’ve met them all,” he said and once again paused.
“I don’t think I’ve ever solved anything; a band-aid here and there, maybe… a shoulder to cry on. I’ve prayed, oh, yes, I’ve prayed and prayed...  And that’s my life. So the kids that end up on the street become my responsibility. Why?” he asked, leaning down, as if expecting her to answer, which she obviously could not. “I’ll tell you why,” he continued. “Because you didn’t do your job… that’s why. You failed the kids… and who holds you responsible? No one,” he said pointedly, as he straightened back up.
“You failed and your kid ends up on the street... and no one holds you accountable. You get to carry on with your self-important superficial little life while I get to clean up your mess. I try not to pass judgment. I do. But, seriously, comparing your child to the neatness or messiness of a domestic animal… what kind of a mother must you have been?” he asked, referring to their earlier conversation.
“But again, I’m not judging you. I know how difficult it must be... this modern world. I pray for you all out there. I pray that God gives you strength… gives you understanding. And I forgive you your wrongs… your weaknesses. All I ask is that you forgive me,” he said, stopping all movement, his hands now on his hips.
“Forgive my weaknesses... please,” he said, hunkering down to get closer to her. “Just you, right here, right now. You have the power… you can take this tremendous weight off... if you only will forgive me? Can you find it in your heart..?” he practically pleaded, now close to tears.
“Don’t judge me blindly... or judge me without first looking into your own heart… not to immediately assume... the worst. This is why we’re here, Ruth,” he said, as if the puzzle had now been solved. 
“This is it! We’ve been put together for… for this moment… so we can take this opportunity for healing, for both you and me, do you see it now?” he asked desperately. Quiet and motionless, Ruth watched him dispassionately.
“Please consider it,” he continued. “Look into your heart. It’s just you and me here… right now. The past, the noise, the confusion, the strife...  they’re all out there, beyond these walls. It might as well be another world,” he gestured. “Do you have it in your heart to forgive?” he asked softly. “Truly? Can you see it in your heart to forgive..?”
Unable to read the neutral look in her eyes he hopefully, yet apprehensively, removed the cloth from her mouth. She immediately began exercising her jaw to stave off cramping and get her blood circulation moving again. 
“Do you know how much trouble you are in? Right now?” she asked coolly, struggling to free her hands at the back. “I can put you behind bars for the rest of your life,” she said, sounding like she was doing her best to quell her anger. “Don’t for a second think that I can’t. You have no right to treat another human being... you think if I was a man...?” she asked but was interrupted by Josh who dropped to his knees and placed the palms of his hands together in supplication.
“I’m begging you, please... please cast aside your anger,” he implored. “I understand your anger... this is so important. Look into your heart...” he said tearfully as her hands broke free of their ties. “Where is your compassion?” he asked.
Ignoring his entreaties, Ruth stood up, working her hands to regenerate circulation. “You’re sick,” she said. “You need help. You think you can bind and gag someone, and expect to get what you want? Huh? I could easily say what you want to hear: just to shut you up... but you think I’m going to condone your behavior?” she asked, still holding her most intense inner rage at bay.
“You think I’m going to say, yeah, yeah, sure it’s okay for men to tie up women to get what they want? You need a lot of professional help, pal,” she said, slapping her legs to get the blood flow moving in that area again. “But don’t get me wrong. Sure, I’ve got compassion… you think I’m made of stone? But it’s compassion on my terms... not yours. Understand? Mine… not yours or anybody else’s.”
“No,” Josh said, sounding increasingly defeated. “You don’t know compassion. It’s not in your vocabulary... it’s not in your religion.”
“You don’t know the first thing about what I believe in,” she scoffed.
“Obey the rules and prosper... break the rules and be damned,” he said philosophically. “You’d never forgive me in a million years, would you?” he asked.
“You’re in trouble if my hands suffer permanent damage,” she said as she rubbed her wrists.
With a strange and detached look in his eyes that scared her, Josh got to his feet and shifted as if to move towards her. “Have you never read the New Testament?” he asked.
“Stay right where you are!” she demanded desperately and struggled to breathe normally. As if in an altered state of consciousness, Josh was oblivious to her words.
“I can summarize it with just three things,” he said, holding up a hand to count out his fingers. “Love, compassion, forgiveness,” he said, now holding three fingers aloft. “Love, compassion, forgiveness,” he repeated. “We’re doomed if the world doesn’t learn... love, compassion, forgiveness.” Then he turned and took a step toward her.
Terrified of his demeanor, and by what increasingly appeared to her to be a crazed look in his eyes, Ruth quickly bent down and grabbed the gun from her briefcase. “I’m warning you,” she said, pointing the gun directly at him. “One step closer and I swear...”
“I’m not scared of you,” he said. “I’m not even scared of death.”
“I’m warning you,” Ruth cautioned. One step closer and I swear…”
“To live unforgiven… to die unforgiven,” he said, as if he was indeed prepared to walk into the path of a speeding and deadly bullet. With her hand shaking and her heart beating wildly, Ruth put her index finger on the trigger.
“I’m really tired of your self-pity,” she then said, “… this whole martyr complex thing you’ve got going on. “Poor me, I care for all the lost souls of the world, I’m holier than everyone,”” she mocked. “You know what really sticks in my craw?” she asked. “Talking about my kid like you cared more for him than I did. What the fuck do you know about family life, priest? You talk about judgment and forgiveness like you own the goddammed concepts… you don’t know jack shit! You talk about me and my kid with so much judgment in your voice… I could cut it with a knife. Don’t you move!” she yelled, holding the gun now with two hands.
Placing his palms upward facing out, Josh assumed a stance of surrender.
“I died inside when my son died, asshole,” she said, tears now flowing down her cheeks.
As if her confession had the same effect as a sobering cold shower, Josh snapped out of his crazy-looking reverie. “Your son is dead?” he asked.
“I don’t tell people… I don’t talk about… I force myself not to think about it,” she said, her voice quivering with grief. “Because if I did have to think about it, like right now, I’m afraid I’ll go insane and do something really fucking crazy. Maybe I am insane already and I’ve been just one crisis away from cracking, who the fuck knows?” she said, her body shaking with pent up shock and grief.
“I’m so…”
“My son is dead!” she yelled, as if finally releasing the news to the entire world. “He took his own life on his seventeenth birthday!”
Her body shaking and swaying, her legs too weak to hold her upright, she slid to the floor. Despite her meltdown, she still managed to hold the gun pointed in his direction. Still not moving, he stared at her.
“That’s a big secret to keep hidden, huh?” she asked, after a pause. “And get up, and smile every day, and pretend to be, what? Pretend to be somebody else… somebody who is… I don’t know, somebody that’s got it all together? Who doesn’t need anybody… but inside, someone who doesn’t feel anything like… like a robot, maybe? Or a dead person? Because that’s as all hell what it feels like,” she said, her body relaxing from its unconscious exertions and long-held tension.
“You think I need… you think I’ve got any room to take on somebody else’s pain like some sex-starved priest who likes to fuck boys my dead son’s age?” she asked.
“I had no…”
“Shut the fuck up,” she said waving the gun. “I’ve heard all from you that I’m going to hear in this fucking lifetime. If it makes you feel any better… seeing as though you like to revel in the sorrows of the world and everything… I was sexually abused as a kid, as well. You don’t need to know the details but suffice it to say, that was no picnic, either.”
Josh shook his head and dropped his eyes, as if speechless.
“Secrets are like poisons, huh?” she asked, not expecting or wanting an answer. “After ten years in therapy… I end up confessing to a priest,” she scoffed at the irony.
“I knew there had to be a reason… some meaning for us to…”
“Oh, shut up,” she barked. “You tied me up and I almost shot you. I still might yet, so I wouldn’t risk giving the God moves in mysterious ways speech, just yet, if I were you,” she said, not joking.
“Do you want to talk about it? About your son?” he asked, after a long pause.
“Not with you. No offence,” she answered. “Did you feel something?” she asked, sensing for movement with her body.
“I’m sure things are going on that we’re not just aware of,” he answered, clearly not feeling it. “I’m sorry… about the… you know,” he said. “I’m really sorry.”
“So you should be,” she answered, giving him no slack. “Am I glad I renewed my NRA membership,” she said, referring to the gun that she still held as a deterrent. 
“I need to get some sleep,” he said, relaxing his back into the rear wall.
“Finally,” she said, “some peace and quiet.”
“I’m sure we could both use some shut eye,” he said.
“Not going to happen,” she said.
Turning his eyes heaven-ward, he took out a set of rosary beads, kissed them and prepared to pray. Appearing as if he were having trouble finding the words, his hands trembled and, as if wracked with guilt, it seemed that he just couldn’t find the strength or will to pray. Putting away the beads and unable or unwilling to stop his body from shaking, he quietly sobbed. “Well, I’m going to get rest, Ruth,” he said, after a long pause, looking like he was putting on a brave face. “I’m sure that we’ll both feel much better after some rest,” he said, trying to cheer himself. “Then, when we wake up, the doors will be open and it will be a brand new day.”
Not getting a response from Ruth, he looked at her more closely and realized that her eyes were shut tight. She was already fast asleep. Using his bag as a pillow, he placed it against the wall and, resting his head against it, closed his eyes and begged for a deep and healing sleep to overtake him.
Sleeping soundly beneath the full lights of the elevator, the sickly sweet muzak treated them to an orchestral version of, “Amazing Grace.”
 
“Sir, wake up. Are you okay?” a voice said as Josh groggily awoke to see a paramedic in full uniform hunching down beside him, shaking him awake. “Are you experiencing any pain or distress?” he asked.
Quickly remembering where he was and that he was now being rescued, Josh looked over to where Ruth had been sleeping. The doors were fully open but Ruth was not to be seen. “Where’s Ruth?” he asked. 
“I didn’t see anyone else leave the elevator, sir,” the medic answered. “Are you experiencing any pain or distress?”
“Ruth was right there,” Josh pointed. “We were trapped in here together. She almost forgave me,” he said.
“Right now, you’re the only here, understand?” the medic asked, trying to read his condition. 
“Ruth was here,” Josh insisted, becoming aggravated. “She was sleeping right there!”
“If there was anyone else in here, they are probably being treated outside,” the medic said. “For now, I need to assess your condition. I want you to sip some water very slowly,” he said, putting a bottle of water into his hands. “Are you in any pain or distress?”
“No,” answered Josh, still distracted. “I’m fine.”
“I’m going to take your blood pressure, is that okay?” the medic asked, preparing to strap the blood pressure monitor around Josh’s left arm.
“I’m fine,” Josh repeated as the medic inflated the blood pressure cuff.
“The power went out, which led to mechanical complications... you’ve been trapped in here for hours,” the medic said. “You’re most likely experiencing symptoms of acute dehydration, do you understand?”
“I must find Ruth,” Josh said.
“We can go find her in a minute,” the medic said, reading the monitor. “Dehydration most certainly accounts for your low blood pressure. You may also be experiencing headache, dizziness, nausea and mental confusion or delirium, which, under the circumstances is all perfectly normal, do you understand?” the medic asked as he then spotted the almost finished bottle of whisky. “Looks like you had your own little party… that’s certainly not going to help with your dehydration.”
“I partied with Ruth,” Josh said. “I didn’t drink it all… we shared… we did an Irish jig.”
“That sounds like fun,” the medic said somberly, putting his monitor back into his kit. “We’re going to get you to stand, okay? Think you’re okay to stand up?”
“Of course,” Josh answered as the medic positioned himself to support him as Josh grabbed hold of the hand rail and lifted himself up.
“I want you to go very slowly,” the medic cautioned. “You’re going to feel a bit dizzy once you get to your feet. If you need a gurney or a wheelchair…”
“I’m fine,” Josh interrupted, looking outside the doors for any sign of Ruth. All he could see, however, was what could only be described as rush hour madness. People of mixed intent scurried about the large foyer of the building. Streams of people entered from the street and milled about in-between the emergency first responder personnel, hampering their progress as they wheeled out some trapped victims on wheelchairs and gurneys. Trying to get to work on time, people shouted out questions about whether it was now safe to use the elevators or did they have to take the stairs. 
The medic slowly and patiently walked with Josh as they left the elevator. As Josh’s blood returned to full circulation, he felt stronger and less dizzy. “I’m fine,” he kept repeating, constantly looking around for Ruth. When a female medic joined them, the male medic looked relieved.
“How are you doing, sir? You can walk okay?” she asked Josh.
“I’m fine,” responded Josh, yet again.
“He’s walking good,” the male medic said, passing him off. “I’ll go grab his stuff,” he said as he returned back inside the elevator.
“I’m Lizzy,” the medic said. “What’s your name?”
“Usheen,” he answered and seeing the puzzled reaction on her face he said, “Everyone calls me Josh.”
“Hell of a night, huh, Josh?” the female medic asked as she guided him toward the street exit.
“I’m looking for Ruth,” he then said, looking all around him. “Have you seen her? She was in the elevator with me?”
“Anyone that was in the elevators have been taken outside to the ambulances,” she answered.
“Ruth… Ruth Swartz,” Josh said, hoping that the lady would check a list or something.
“If she’s not outside, she’s probably on the way to the hospital,” she answered.
Stepping up his pace, Josh became excited at the prospect of seeing her outside and maybe sharing an ambulance with her. “She’s a lawyer,” Josh said. “She works in the building. I guess she was working late. She’s a very hard worker, you know... works a lot of late hours.”
“That’s terrific,” the medic replied as she pushed open one of the glass doors. Two other emergency personnel came to help and as they exited the building to the street, Josh got his first hit of cold, fresh Chicago air, which seemed to hit his lungs like a harsh slap in the face.
“Are you okay, Josh?” Lizzy asked, as Josh seemed to falter a bit.
“Yes, I’m fine,” Josh said as he looked up at the immensity of the skyscraper and the Chicago skyline. “It’s a brand new day,” he said, a beatific smile on his face.
“It’s about to become a rainy day,” Lizzy said as raindrops began to fall.
“Let it pour,” Josh said with glee. “God’s tears will wash away the sins of the world,” he said as he extended his arms in exaltation.
“Let’s keep moving, there, Josh,” Lizzy said as she exchanged a raised eyebrow look with her colleagues. A transcendent moment seemed to descend upon Josh as he watched the predominantly worried faces of the drivers in their log-jammed cars driving with intent and purpose, yet getting nowhere fast on the busy thoroughfare. The workers on the sidewalk, as if massed together in anonymous collaboration, trundled to their eventual destinations like soulless robots, animated by an invisible, playful boy-god who sat on the river bank of the pedestrian waters and…
“We need to get you inside, Josh,” Lizzy said as she pulled him along, interrupting his reverie. The rain was getting heavier and the emergency personnel now seemed impatient to get the job done and return to their respective home bases.
“Ruth,” Josh said, as if suddenly remembering something. Scanning every face in the crowd, he tried to remember exactly what she looked like. Getting close to one of the waiting ambulances, it became clear that the person being treated inside was an elderly man… Ruth was not to be seen. Quickly breaking away, Josh ran towards another ambulance in front.
“Josh!” Lizzy shouted, taken by surprise and quickly following.
The second ambulance was also a disappointment to Josh as he looked inside to see an unfamiliar middle-aged woman on a gurney.
“Josh, the quicker we get you to hospital, the sooner you can find your friend,” Lizzy said, taking hold of Josh’s arm.
“Yes, you’re right,” Josh said, becoming compliant.
“Why don’t we get you into this one and get you straight there?” she said, looking directly at her colleague, Sammy, who nodded his head in agreement.
“We’ll take off, right away,” Sammy agreed.
Lizzy helped Josh onto the gurney and as soon as Sammy closed the doors, she knocked three times on the partition door as a signal for the driver to get going.
“I’m not going to rest until I find Ruth,” Josh said, as he laid his head onto the pillow. “I know where she works. If I have to visit every office on every floor of the building… I will find her.”
“Of course you will,” Lizzy said as she prepared to take his vitals.
“Of all the people…” Josh said, “of all the people in all of the city… He chose Ruth to be the one. I’ve prayed, you know. I prayed and I prayed,” he continued, as Lizzy took his pulse. “And He has finally answered. It’s in her hands now,” he continued, “Ruth holds the key… the key to my… salvation. She may not forgive me now or even in a week or more… but she will forgive me. She will forgive me… and set me free. He has chosen Ruth to be the one… to be the one to save my Soul.”
With a smile on his face, Josh relaxed further into the pillow and closed his eyes into a deep sleep. The driver engaged his siren as the ambulance weaved and bobbed between heavy rush hour traffic, the streets clogged with drivers and passengers, all eager to get to their singular destinations. 
“I wonder what this guy’s story is,” Lizzy said quietly to Sammy who was filling in some paper work.
“Huh?” he said as he looked up.
“You heard all that talk about his Soul and his salvation?” she asked.
“Wasn’t listening,” Sammy answered. “I don’t pay much attention when they’re in such a confused state. I did hear him call out for the Ruth person, though. That was kinda freaky; the way he ran off from us like that?” he said, smiling. “Did we check in someone called Ruth?”
“Not on this side of the building,” she answered. “But I wasn’t going to tell him that.”
“Why not?” Sammy asked.
“Because whoever this Ruth person is… he kept saying that Ruth was his salvation, that she was the only one that could save him, that could save his Soul,” Lizzy said, looking over to make sure that Josh was still sound asleep.
“That’s heavy,” Sammy said, not knowing quite what to say. “See, this is what I’m talking about… sometimes you take this job too seriously,” he then said, as if they have had many similar discussions in the past.
“I just wonder what his story is, that’s all. Why is his soul on the line? Who is this mysterious Ruth that is the only one that can save him?” she pondered. “Aren’t you even a little curious? To know what his story is?”
“Lizzy, sweetheart, there’s I don’t know how many millions of people living in this here city. Don’t you think everyone has a story to tell?” he asked sweetly.
“I guess,” Lizzy agreed, thoughtfully. “I guess.”
 
Other Books by Dermot Davis:
Stormy Weather: A Novel – Literary Fiction
The Younger Man – Contemporary Fiction/ Romance
Brain: The Man Who Wrote the Book That Changed the World – Humor/Literary
Zen and Sex – Humor/ Romance
Mr. Psychic (with H. Raven Rose) – Contemporary Fiction/ Romance
Encounter (with H. Raven Rose) – Humor/ Sci-Fi
 
 
Author Bio
Dermot is an Irish writer now living in the US. As a playwright, Dermot is a recipient of the O.Z. Whitehead Award which was co-sponsored by Irish Pen and the Society of Irish Playwrights. A fictional account of a dream therapist who is stuck in a dream from which he cannot awaken, with his debut novel, ""Stormy Weather," novelist Dermot Davis has deftly crafted a minor literary masterpiece," (Midwest Book Review).
His second novel, "Zen and Sex," is a witty and ironic first-person look at love and relationships as seen from the confused eyes of twenty-four-year old Martin who falls in love with Frances, a woman fourteen years his senior. Winner of two indie author awards and perhaps because it provides a no-holds-barred look into the mind of a man and his uncensored thoughts, it was suggested by the Kindle Book Review that, "every woman should read it as marriage counseling."
Winner of the 2013 USA Best Book Awards for humor, Dermot's third novel, "Brain: The Man That Wrote the Book That Changed the World," is "an entertaining farce about modern society; a deft, fast-paced tale that will leave self-aware readers giggling," (Publishers Weekly, starred review). Coming "Highly Recommended" by the Midwest Book Review, who also called it, "ironic, iconoclastic and pure entertainment from first page to last," the book poses the question of whether an author should write from the heart or write only books that he thinks will sell. I suspect that this novelist is trying to do both...
Visit http://dermotdavis.com to learn more about him. 
Copyright Information
 
Ruth Judges Joshua
Copyright © 2014 by Dermot Davis
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author. The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or any other means without publisher permission is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized editions of creative works, and do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials. The publisher has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the author or third-party websites or their content. This book is not intended as psychological advice or treatment for any issues described within. Readers should consult an appropriate practitioner for mental health matters and psychological needs. This eBook is a work of fiction and the names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Similarity to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
