
BREAKING POINT
By Matthew Holley
Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014
Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

CHAPTER ONE

“Happy Birthday, Kathleen!” a small group of five sang out to their friend who had just turned twenty-one two days ago. At a round table inside the packed Sam’s Bar and Grill restaurant, Kathleen Clark sat in front of a large birthday cake that had a lit candle in the shape of the number twenty-one displayed in the center of the store-bought pastry. Kathleen smiled warmly at her friends before blowing out her candle. To Kathleen’s left, one of her best friends, Kelly Knox, picked up her bottle of St. Pauli Girl beer and held it high in the air.
“A toast to the best friend a person could have,” Kelly said.
The rest of the group held up their beer bottles, with the exception of Misty Bryan. She and her fiancée, Dick, who both sat directly across the table from Kathleen, were the wealthier of everyone else at the table. Misty considered herself a sophisticated lady, even though she was only twenty-two. She distinguished herself as a refined lady with manners and she felt that a real lady would never drink her alcohol from a bottle. Such a lady would only drink from a proper glass. So, in sharing in the toast of Kathleen, Misty held up her wine glass of sangria.
“Thank you, guys. This was really nice of you,” Kathleen said. “It means a lot to me.”
“We wouldn’t have missed it for the world,” Dalton West, sitting to the right of Kathleen, said. Dalton had known Kathleen for six years, since their sophomore year in high school together, and he had always had an attraction for Kathleen, but, to his disappointment, she never shared the same affinity for him. To Kathleen, Dalton was simply a good friend.
“But, we could have picked a better place,” Misty stated. “There are so many nice restaurants in this town, but we had to come here. To this dive.”
“We choose this place because it’s Kathleen’s favorite place to eat,” Kelly said. “I kind of like it. It’s quaint and cozy.”
“Just like Kathleen,” Dalton said while blinking his eyes flirtatiously and smiling at Kathleen
Kathleen just shook her head and couldn’t help but smile. After all these years, Dalton still persistently hit on her every chance he got. He so wanted to be more than just friends with Kathleen. In his eyes, there wasn’t a more beautiful girl ever born on this planet. Unfortunately, Kathleen didn’t share Dalton’s same admiration for him as he did for her. At first, she was flattered by all of Dalton’s sweet comments and terms of endearment, but, over the years, they had started to get nothing more than annoying. Kathleen didn’t think Dalton was bad to look at in a cute, cuddly bear kind of way and he was a nice guy, but she had always been attracted to more of the manly kind of man…the bad boys, as her mother always called them whenever Kathleen made the mistake of bringing one of her boyfriends home to meet her parents. Deep down, Kathleen knew her parents would never approve of the kind of guys she insisted on dating and part of her knew that was the very reason she dated them. Kelly’s rebellious nature as a teen followed her into her young adult years, but she was now more able to control the rebel living inside her. 
On the other side of the spectrum from Dalton, and sitting directly across the table from Dalton, was Steve Reese. Steve was one of those bad boys Kathleen’s parents had always warned her about. He was definitely the kind of guy Kathleen was attracted to. And the two of them dated for a year in high school, but, as often is the case for bad boys, Steve wasn’t faithful to Kathleen or to any other girl he had ever dated, for that matter. It took Kathleen months before she could forgive Steve for his infidelity and she was eventually able to start talking to him again. She knew she could never trust him again, but she couldn’t stand the thoughts of Steve being out of her life. She still had feelings for him. Probably always will. Steve was her first love. So, they remained friends and pretended it wasn’t awkward.
Sam’s Bar and Grill was packed with patrons. Nearly every table, every booth, and every high-top was occupied. Over fifty television sets hung high on the walls, every one of them broadcasting a sports channel for the restaurant’s costumers to enjoy. On the many screens, they were showing golfing, car racing, bike racing, volleyball, soccer, tennis, Ping-Pong, basketball, baseball, and even a game of cricket. It wasn’t yet football season, so the place wasn’t being bombarded with the frequent eruption of loud cheers and jeers that always accompanies football fans. Still, the restaurant was filled with the sound of multitudes of people conversing, forcing everyone to have to talk louder than normal as they competed to be heard by the ones they were dining with.
“What are we supposed to cut the cake with?” Misty asked with annoyance as she looked around the restaurant for their waitress. “We have no silverware. We have no plates. What’s up with our waitress?”
As if on cue, their waitress walked up. The shy, dark-haired waitress was young, just turned eighteen, and this was the first time she had waited on a table without the assistance of a senior waitress. She was noticeably nervous and a bit scared, because, earlier, she had gotten everyone’s drink orders at her table wrong and Kathleen and Misty weren’t shy in letting the young waitress know their dissatisfaction in her. When the timid waitress spoke, she spoke softly, barely audible over the noise of the restaurant.
“Can I get anybody anything else? Another drink?” the waitress asked.
“Something to cut this cake would be nice,” Misty rudely said. “And some plates. Unless you plan for us to eat it like a bunch of paupers.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I’ll bring you a knife and some plates right away. Does anyone else need anything before I go?”
“Another drink.” Kathleen said.
“Me, too,” Kelly said.
“I could use another one,” Steve rang in.
“Okay. I’ll be right back,” the waitress said with a heavy look of concentration on her face as she ran the list of things through her mind that she was to bring back to her table. Trying her best not to forget anything. She returned shortly with the order and clumsily placed the drinks on the table in front of the ones who ordered them.
“This isn’t what I’ve been drinking!” Kathleen said peeved. “It’s not even close! I’m drinking St. Pauli Girl. This is a Sam Adams.”
“I’m so sorry,” the waitress apologetically said. “That was supposed to be his. He has yours.” She reached across the table to grab the beer she had placed in front of Steve by mistake, but she accidently knocked the beer bottle over on the table. Steve had to quickly move out of the way before the beer, running off the table, poured into his lap.
“What the hell!” Steve exclaimed. “Do you have any idea how much I paid for these jeans? More than you make in a week! How can you be so stupid?”
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” the waitress said, trying to fight back her tears.” I’ll go get my rag.”
“What about the knife and plates?” Misty asked snobbery. “This cake is going to be stale before we get a chance to eat it.”
“I’m sorry! I forgot! I’ll be right back.”
“I can use another drink,” Dick, with an evil smirk on his face, told the waitress even though his beer was still half full. He was finding entertainment in watching the young girl groveling over them. Watching her was like watching a car wreck and who didn’t get enjoyment out of seeing a car wreck.
The waitress hurried off to get her rag, nearly running into another waitress who had her arms full of plates. The frantic waitress had been told that she was always to have a rag on her just for situations like this, but she had forgotten to pick hers up when she started her shift.
“Oh my gosh! She’s a dense one!” Misty said loudly. “How hard is it to remember a simple knife or get a drink order right? With the kind of prices this place charges, you would think they could hire descent help. What did they do? Pull her off the street and give her a job? Isn’t there some sort of requirement to be a waitress? Like competency?”
“Hey, you can’t blame her,” Kathleen said sarcastically. “Did you catch her name?”
“No, I didn’t,” Misty said, still not lowering her voice. “What was it? Something like Mary Joe or Billy Jean or Samantha Sue or Mary Ellen or some other stupid redneck name like that?”
“It was Josephine,” Kathleen said with a snicker.
Misty busted into a laugh. Everyone around the table joined her.
“I was just joking about the redneck thing,” Misty spouted out. “Are you serious? Is that really her name? No wonder she’s so retarded. I bet her parents were cousins.”
“And did you see that green hideous watch she was wearing?” Kathleen remarked. “It’s the ugliest thing I’ve ever seen. I hate green. I wouldn’t be caught dead wearing that tacky thing around my wrist. Whoever gave her that must have really hated her.”
Just then, Kathleen looked up to see the young waitress standing at the table with a hurt look on her face. The offended waitress placed the knife for cutting the cake on the table and then broke out into tears. Embarrassed, she spun around and ran into the back.
“You made her cry,” Misty said in an overly exaggerated sympathetically teasing voice. “Don’t you feel bad?”
“Can’t say that I do,” Kathleen said. “Why should I feel bad about other people’s ignorance? It’s not my fault she’s a stupid redneck or that she has horrible taste in watches, or hairstyle for that matter. Misty, am I right or am I wrong?”
“You’re speaking the truth, girlfriend. You’re speaking the truth.”
“Why do you all have to be so mean?” Dalton asked. “She seems like a nice girl.”
“Yeah. You can say that,” Kathleen said. “She didn’t get your drink order wrong or try to spill beer all over you. Right, Steve? Which reminds me. We still need our table wiped down.” Kathleen stood up and hollered across the restaurant to the waitress staff. “Hey! We need waited on over here! Our waitress ran out on us.”
With an embarrassed snicker, Kelly took Kathleen by the arm and pulled her down into her seat. “I think you’ve had a little too much to drink.”
“Why do you say that?” Misty asked Kelly. “Because she has the balls to say what she’s thinking? That’s not the alcohol talking. That’s Kathleen. She doesn’t give a damn what people might think of her. She says it like it is. That’s why I love her so much.” Misty held up her drink. “Me and you, sister.”
Kathleen held up her beer bottle. “That’s right! Me and you.”
Just then, a different waitress walked up with a towel in her hands. She began wiping the table down. “I apologize about this. Josephine is new. Can I offer to refresh everyone’s drinks? Perhaps some appetizers?”
“I would like a slice of cake,” Misty contemptuously told the waitress. “Why don’t you be a dear and cut me a slice.”
The waitress looked scornfully at Misty and picked up the knife. For a brief second, Kathleen feared the waitress was going to use the knife to slit Misty’s throat and, for a brief second, that’s exactly the thought that crossed the waitress’s mind, but she resisted the urge and, instead, cut a slice of the cake and placed it in front of Misty.
“Would anyone else like a slice?” the waitress asked through clenched teeth.
Everyone around the table said they did and a slice of cake was placed in front of them.
“What happened to our other waitress?” Dalton asked.
“She had to leave for the night,” the new waitress said. “She said she wasn’t feeling well.”
“I doubt she’s going to come back...ever,” Misty said with a grin. “I think we scared her away for good. We had her crying and everything.”
“And I’m supposedly the “bad one”,” Steve said. “Sometimes, you can make Marilyn Manson look like a saint.”
“I choose to take that as a compliment,” Misty said. “Sometimes, being a bitch is all a woman has.”
“Hey! I’m sitting right next to you,” Dick said to his fiancé. “You have me. What more could a girl ask for? I’ve got the looks and I’ve got the money.”
“I’ve got more money than you have and, I hate to tell you, but looks will fade, sweetie,” Misty said why pinching Dick’s lips together and kissing them. “, but money is forever. Just remember that.”
“It’s not your money, it’s your daddy’s money,” Dick said and kissed Misty back. “Knowing him, he’s most likely going to cut you off financially the second we get married.”
“Then you best keep me as happy as father has.”
“That sounded like a threat to me,” Steve said to Dick.
“It wasn’t a threat,” Misty said. “My fiancé knows I expect a certain type of lifestyle. If he wants to keep me around, he must maintain that lifestyle for me. I don’t come cheap.”
“You better believe that!” Dick said and chuckled.
Kathleen looked over at Dalton and saw that he was fixated on one of the television sets instead of on her. She felt an unexpected sense of jealousy that the piece of electronics had Dalton’s full attention. She looked up at the television to see what was so interesting to Dalton. A female news commentator was talking about the recent rescue of a teenage girl from her captor of nearly two years.
“Oh, not her again,” Kathleen huffed. “Every time you turn on the T.V. they’re talking about her. They need to just give it a rest. I’m tired of hearing about her.”
“About who?” Misty asked.
“Amber Lynn.”
“Amber Lynn?”
“That’s right. You’ve been gone. You haven’t heard. Some of us, and I won’t mention who, just got back from touring England for the last four weeks in celebration of their third year of being engaged,” Kathleen scoffed. “Well, while you two were gallivanting around with the Queen, you missed the “sensational” story everyone can’t seem to stop talking about. It was like almost two years ago, when this guy, who was a basketball player or something---.”
“Bubba James. He was a baseball player, a pitcher, for the Arizona Diamondbacks,” Steve interrupted. “He was a hell of a pitcher. He had a curve ball no one could touch.”
“Okay. Whatever,” Kathleen continued. “Anyways, Bubba had a daughter, Amber Lynn, who was kidnaped when she was like fifteen by some loser named Edmond Howard. They had a massive state-wide search for Amber Lynn, but they could never find her.”
“I think I remember hearing about that a few years ago,” Misty said.
“Well, about three weeks ago, Amber Lynn was discovered in Southern California and, get this, she has a one year old baby. She got pregnant by the man who kidnaped her. Can you believe that? Now, they won’t stop talking about it. Every day for the last three weeks, that’s all you hear about on television. Enough already!”
“That poor girl,” Kelly said.
“Poor girl?” Kathleen looked disbelievingly at Kelly “Why are you feeling sorry for her? That girl wasn’t a victim like the media is trying to portray her as.”
“What makes you think that?”
“For the obvious question a lot of people like myself are asking. Why didn’t she fight to get away? You can’t tell me that for two years she never had the opportunity to escape? You can’t tell me her kidnapper watched her every day, twenty-four hours a day for two years? No. That’s impossible. She had to have many opportunities to run, yet she didn’t. Why? When Amber Lynn was found, she was shopping with Edmond Howard in a grocery store. There were people all around. Why didn’t she scream for help?”
“Maybe she was terrified.” Kelly suggested. “She was only fifteen when all this happened to her. It had to mess her head up.”
“Then she’s weak and pathetic,” Kathleen said. “If it had been me, I would have never let that man touch me. I would have ripped off his balls and ran away. That would have never been me. But, if you ask me, I don’t think Amber Lynn was scared. I think she went with that man voluntarily. Have you seen what she looks like?”
“No,” Misty said.
“She’s not very pretty. Am I right, Kelly?”
“Well…”
“Come on. Admit it,” Kathleen urged. “She’s about as attractive as a crocodile.”
“She is a bit on the homely side,” Kelly admitted.
“You’re being kind,” Kathleen said. “She looks like the poster child for unpretentiousness. She’s built like a toothpick. She’s got that nappy hair and big teeth. She’s the very definition of redneck. I bet she’s never had a guy even look at her before Edmond did. I bet Edmond Howard was the first man to ever show an interest in her and I think she liked it. I think Amber Lynn went with him because she wanted to. She was starved for affection. I think she got pregnant by him voluntarily. That’s why she didn’t run away when she had the opportunity to. I bet, if given a choice, she’d go back to him. But, now the guy is up on rape charges.”
“Even if it was consensual, it’s still statutory rape,” Kelly said. “She was a minor.”
“Hello! I know that!” Kathleen said. “Remember, my dad is a lawyer and I’m going to be attending law school. I think I know about statutory rape. I just don’t agree with it. Not when the girl is old enough to know if she wants to have sex or not. Why isn’t it considered statutory rape when the sex is between two teenagers? Say, when the girl is fifteen and the guy is sixteen. The girl is still a minor. Why is the teenage boy not arrested for statutory rape? If a girl has sex voluntarily, it’s not rape. Plain and simple. Amber Lynn wanted it and now, all of a sudden, she’s the victim. That man wasn’t holding her against her will. If you ask me, the system is just tearing a family apart by putting that man in prison.”
“Edmond Howard is in his forties,” Kelly said. “He nothing more than a sick pervert. What if it was your daughter? I bet you would feel differently.”
“It would never be my daughter. I would never have such a frail, feeble, unintelligent, unattractive, daughter like Amber Lynn. She must have had some awful parents for her to have willingly chosen to stay with some forty year old rather than stay with them. It makes you wonder how hard they actually looked for her. They probably knew where she was the whole time. I’ve heard stories of how some of those hillbilly, religious freak types sometimes marry their teenage daughters off to older men just to get them out of the house. I wouldn’t doubt if Edmond Howard paid Amber Lynn’s parents money for their daughter. Now, her parents are cashing in even more because of all the media attention. That’s probably what they had in mind the whole time. Didn’t I hear that Amber Lynn’s father lost his job a while back?”
“As a baseball player, he did,” Steve said. “He and a few others were poaching for bear from a helicopter up there in Montana. The helicopter had some sort of mechanical failure and crashed. Everyone survived, but Bubba James messed his shoulder up pretty bad. He was never able to pitch a baseball again. But he did open a sporting goods store, a few years ago, BJ Sports, and I believe now he has about a dozen stores across the country. He also opened that zoo, Wild Country, a few miles up the road. I don’t think he’s hurting for money.”
“Misty and I have been to Wild Country,” Dick said. “Misty fell in love with the spider monkeys. I had to drag her away from their cage. I had no idea Bubba James owned the zoo. Does he live around here?”
“I think I heard that he and his family had a place somewhere around here,” Steve said. “In fact, I think they’ve moved here permanently. Bubba James wanted to get his daughter away from the media piranhas where he lived in California, so he moved his family somewhere over here in southern Nevada. I’m not sure exactly where.”
“I saw him and his wife on a talk show last week,” Dalton said. “I don’t remember which one. I wasn’t really paying that much attention to it, but I do remember Bubba James saying he was doing the talk show circuit to promote awareness of child kidnapping.”
“More like to promote his name and business,” Kathleen said with skepticism. “He wasn’t running the talk show gauntlet for free. No one does something nice just for the sake of niceness. Everyone has an interior motive for everything they do.”
“You’re always so suspicious of people,” Dalton said. “I’m nice to you all the time. What’s my motive?”
“That’s easy,” Misty said. “You want in her pants.”
“That is not the reason I’m nice to her,” Dalton insisted.
“So, you don’t want in her pants?” Misty grinned cannily.
“No…I mean yes...I mean that’s not why I’m nice to Kathleen.” Dalton was growing red from embarrassment.
“Relax,” Misty chuckled. “I’m just messing with you.”
“But Misty does concrete my point,” Kathleen said. “Everyone has a motive when they’re being nice to someone. And if you dig deep enough, you’ll find it. And nearly every time, their motive can be boiled down to self-satisfaction. Whether they are being nice to their boss to further their position in the company or simply being nice to someone to get what they want, it all comes down to selfish motives. I’ve sat inside the courthouse several times watching my father prosecute a case and I see the selfishness all the time. Everyone has a reason for what they do. My father says that the first lesson to becoming a great lawyer is to first identify a person’s motive. The rest will fall into place.”
“It’s going to be nice having a lawyer in the group,” Misty said. “Especially for Steve.”
Everyone laughed.
“Hey, I haven’t had a run-in with the law in years.” Steve said in defense of himself. “And the last time I went to jail, it was a set up. That wasn’t my grass.”
“Oh, it wasn’t your grass, but it somehow got into your shirt pocket,” Kathleen said. “You wouldn’t have gotten pulled over in the first place if you hadn’t been going sixty-five in a thirty-five mile per hour zone.”
“How did you know about that?” Steve asked. “I don’t remember telling you all that.”
“I read your arrest report. I know people. One of the perks of being the daughter of such a well-known lawyer. It gives you a certain amount of power over people.”
“Yeah, especially when you threaten to have your father sue them,” Misty said.
“If you were privy to getting what you wanted, it would be stupid not to take advantage of it,” Kathleen said. “It’s basically a matter of the privileged over the disadvantaged. The fortunate over the misfortunate. The strong over the weak. Ultimately, the strong will always prevail. We, sitting at this table, are the privileged. The strong.”
“The rich,” Misty added.
“Yes. The rich,” Kathleen said. “We were meant to be at the top of the food chain. Folks like our waitress or like Amber Lynn, well, they’re where they’re supposed to be.”
“Meaning what?” Kelly asked.
“Our waitress couldn’t even get our orders right. She’ll never amount to anything in life. And that’s fine. We need those type of people to fill certain positions in life that none of us here would be willing to do. Misty, could you see yourself waiting table? Of course not. Neither could I. Nor would any of us find ourselves in the position Amber Lynn is in. As far as Amber Lynn in concerned, she was just a lonely girl looking for someone to pay attention to her. The media is trying to portray her as a victim, but she was a willing participant.”
“I don’t know about that,” Kelly said. “I heard some details about what happened to Amber Lynn. For one thing, her captor kept her locked in a basement for months. They said Edmond Howard messed with Amber Lynn’s head really bad. A lot of psychological manipulation.”
“Don’t you dare mention Stockholm syndrome,” Kathleen warned. “That’s a bunch of malarkey. It’s just another excuse for people who are weak and simple-minded. If all that is true about what Edmond Howard did to Amber Lynn, and I have my doubts, that just shows how weak she was. I would have never been so manipulated even when I was fifteen. I would have stayed strong and found a way to escape. I guarantee you that I would never become a victim in that kind of situation. He would have to kill me first before I gave into him.”
“You can’t say that for certain unless you’ve been in that kind of situation before.” Kelly said, her eyes filling with tears, as she grew emotionally upset over Kathleen’s lack of compassion and insensitive attitude. “What if you were assaulted by someone stronger than you? What if he forced himself upon you? You try with all your strength to push him off you, but he’s too heavy. You try to scream, but his hand is covering your mouth.”
A single tear rolled down Kelly’s left cheek. Her eyes were fixated straight ahead, looking into nothingness. If Kathleen’s senses weren’t so impaired by alcohol, she would have known her friend was talking from experience. 
“You pray for someone to walk into that room and save you, but no one comes. You feel him forcing your dress up and you know what’s coming next, even at such a young age, you know. And when it happens, when the monster is taking your innocence, you leave your body. You float above it and watch the assault on your body. Like it’s not really you it’s happening to. You don’t want to watch, but you can’t close your eyes. And afterwards, you are threatened not to tell anyone. And you are so scared and traumatized, that you never do. You can’t say what you’ll do in a situation unless you’ve been there. It’s easy to act brave sitting inside this cozy restaurant. Not so easy when you find yourself the victim. It’s only then when you truly find out how strong you are.”
“I know how strong I am,” Kathleen insisted. “I could never become a victim of anyone’s.”
Kelly looked with angry and disappointed eyes at Kathleen. She stood up from her chair. “I can’t believe how insensitive and mean you can be. You can make it hard to be your friend sometimes. There are times I’m actually ashamed of you. This is one of those times.” Kelly picked up her purse and stomped out of the restaurant.
“What blew up her dress?” Kathleen asked.
“Couldn’t you tell?” Dalton asked. “Kelly has obviously been a victim of an assault at some point in her life.”
“Well, how was I supposed to know? She’s never mentioned it before. I don’t know why she had to get so upset.”
“Because some of those mean things you were saying about Amber Lynn, pertained to Kelly too,” Dick said. “I think she took it personally.”
“Kelly’s just too sensitive for her own good.” Kathleen rolled her eyes and finished her beer. “She’s needs to have thicker skin if she wants to hang around with us. I say what I feel. I’m not going to tiptoe around anyone’s feelings. She knows that.”
“And they say I’m the nasty one,” Misty chuckled. Misty guzzled down the last of her drink, very unlady-like, and stood up. “Let’s get out of here. We’re supposed to be celebrating my girlfriend’s birthday. Let’s go have some fun. The night is still young and so are we. Let’s go do some club hopping.”
“Now, you’re talking,” Kathleen agreed.

CHAPTER TWO

Three days had passed since Kathleen’s birthday celebration at Sam’s Bar and Grill with her friends. That night, after leaving the restaurant, Kathleen and her friends painted the town by visiting all the local drinking establishments the city had to offer. The limo they rented for the night took them from one dance club to another and into the early morning hours of the next day. The limo then took each of the drunken friends to their individual homes before arriving back at its point of origin an hour before sunrise and snuggling into its garage for a much needed rest.
Kathleen had awaken early this morning, an hour before sunrise, to get ready for her ritual morning jog. She had her morning routine and she very seldom ever faltered from it. This morning, like every morning, she woke up in her king-size bed and unwrapped herself from her self-made cocoon of one thousand thread count Egyptian sheets. She got out of bed and walked across the marble floor of her eight hundred square foot bedroom and into her spacious bathroom where every fixture was gold-plated. After answering nature’s call, she disrobed and took a quick shower. Before stepping out of the shower, she squeegeed the shower’s glass door until no water drops remained. Afterwards, she stood naked at her bathroom sink and, despite knowing she was going to perspire during her jog, especially this time of year, and would need another shower, she still took the time to blow-dry her hair, apply her deodorant and Chanel perfume, and put on a small amount of makeup. Leaving the house not looking perfect wasn’t an option.
Kathleen picked up her nightgown from the bathroom floor and placed it inside the dirty-clothes hamper before walking back into her bedroom and entering her walk-in closet that was bigger than most people’s bedroom. On both sides of the elaborate closet was a plethora of designer clothing neatly suspended on hangers and below the clothes was a huge array of shoes, boots, sandals, and pumps. On the left side of the closet, in the middle of the jungle of attire was a series of drawers, one on top of the other. Inside the drawers was where Kathleen kept her jewelry, watches, and other accessories. On the back wall of the closet, displayed on decorative hooks, was dozens of purses and handbags. The high-dollar articles of clothing and embellished accessories were all from the most extravagant department stores and from the most expensive designers. Pants by Gucci, dresses by Chanel, blouses by Burberry, purses by Dolce & Gabbana, shorts by Louis Vuitton, jewelry by Cartier, sweaters by Versace, jackets by Dior. If it was made by a famous designer, Kathleen owned it. As long as it wasn’t green. When asked, Kathleen couldn’t explain why she hated the color green so much. She just knew she did and she wouldn’t own an article of clothing that was green or that had any green in it.
Kathleen walked over to the section in her closet she designated for her exercise outfits. She chose light pink running shorts and its matching shirt, both by Valentino. Then she grabbed her ECCO BIOMs running shoes she had bought online, because the company advertised that their shoes were the best and their price tag seemed to collaborate their claim. She carried the items of clothing into her bedroom and placed them on her bed while she went to her dresser drawers and picked out a pair of panties, a pair of socks, and one of her exercise bras.
After getting dressed, Kathleen made her bed, ironing out the wrinkles in the comforter with her hands. She placed her throw pillows back on top of the comforter at the head of her bed and arranged them several times until she was satisfied they were exactly where she wanted them. Before leaving her room, she took one more look around her bedroom to make certain everything was in its designated spot. Content that her room would pass any inspection, even her mother’s, she turned her bedroom light out and headed downstairs.
Kathleen quietly walked down the mahogany stairs, trying not to wake her parents. Not so much her father, but more her mother. Kathleen and her mother verbally fought often. Kathleen felt she was never good enough for her mother. Her mother demanded perfection and the stress of always trying to be perfect weighed heavy on Kathleen causing tension between mother and daughter. And Kathleen’s father always sided with his wife. It got to the point Kathleen often tried to avoid her mother every chance she could in order to evade conflict. Even though Kathleen could have chosen to live in the college dorms and completely avert arguments with her mother, she choose to stay home where she felt more comfortable. She did live in a dorm room of the college she currently attended for a couple of weeks, and she immensely enjoyed her freedom from the constant harassment of her parents, but the lack of privacy and unsanitary conditions she found her room and her college roommates to be in forced Kathleen to flee back home. Afterwards, she entertained the idea of finding a place off campus to rent, but she didn’t like to be by herself and she knew she could never find anyone who would keep the place as clean as she would demand it be kept. As hard as she tried not to be like her mother, Kathleen was her mother’s daughter. She wanted things a certain way…her way. So, despite the fact her parents often treated her like she was eight years old, Kathleen stayed where she was more comfortable.
Kathleen stepped off the last step of the staircase and tiptoed through the immaculately clean living room and into the kitchen. Like the living room, and the rest of the house for that matter, the kitchen was spotless. Not a water spot in the sink. Not a crumb on the counter. Not a grease splatter on the stove. The impeccable tidiness wasn’t due to a team of maids paid to maintain the exquisite state of the house. It was by the tireless hands of Kathleen’s mother, Susan, in addition to her demands that everyone clean up after themselves.
Susan Clark wasn’t always the “clean freak” she was now. Kathleen could remember a time when her mother wasn’t so anal about her housekeeping, about manners, about social savvy, back when Kathleen was still a little girl. Back then, they lived in a small, one-bedroom duplex in the poor section of town, drove around in a 2000 Toyota Corolla that had no A/C, and frequently ate TV dinners for supper. Yet, Kathleen could recall her mother being a much more carefree person back then. More blithe. Happier. More playful. More fun. She always had a smile on her face and a sparkle in her eyes. Kathleen remembered how her mother used to chase her around the apartment and tickle her when she was caught. Susan was always making goofy faces at Kathleen to make her daughter laugh. Susan was never a slob, but there were times Kathleen saw her mother’s bed not made or her clothes laying on the floor or dishes in the sink, but that was before all the money. That was before all the public notoriety.
Back when they were still living in the duplex, Kathleen’s father, Evan Clark, was just finishing law school, thanks to several grants, a scholarship, and a few maxed-out credit cards, when he was hired by a prestigious law firm, The Lexington Law Group, to become an apprentice trial lawyer. During Evan’s interview for the position, one of the senior lawyers at The Lexington Law Group, Charles Baylor, really took a liking to Evan. He was impressed by Evan’s assertiveness and air of confidence to every question the interviewee was asked. Each answer Evan gave was poised and proficient and he filled the room with an energetic energy with his young, dynamic personality. He made the interviewers feel they would be making a huge mistake if they didn’t hire him. Evan was hired the very next day.
By the end of the first year working with The Lexington Law Group, Evan had made more money than he ever had before. He moved his family into a modest three bedroom house in a better part of town. At the age of eight, their new house seemed like a mansion to Kathleen. It had a pool, a two car garage, and a dish washer. And for the first time, Kathleen had her own room, but she frequently snuck into her parent’s bedroom at night because she hated to be alone. But it wasn’t long until Kathleen never had to worry about being by herself again. Before a year had passed in the new house, Kathleen’s mother became pregnant and gave birth to a son, Johnathan. Once Johnathan was old enough to walk, Kathleen had a hard time finding privacy. Her little brother became his big sister’s shadow. Johnathan followed Kathleen everywhere she went and he seemed to be glued to his sister’s side. Most of the time, Kathleen didn’t mind. She loved her brother’s attention and he became like another appendage of hers. She found she missed him if he wasn’t right at her side.
For the next three years, Evan continued to climb the ladder toward his goal of becoming a partner at The Lexington Law Group. His trial record was perfect. As a defense lawyer, he had never lost a case and the other senior lawyers in the law firm took notice as did the firm’s partners. The better Evan’s record in the courtroom was, the better the company’s reputation became, thus more clients came knocking on the firm’s door wanted the company to represent them. Evan was fast becoming the law group’s most valuable asset.
Evan, himself, was feeling like a very essential part of the law firm and he grew confident in his position until the day he was sat in front of the law partners and reprimanded. It was the first time he had ever felt his job was in jeopardy. Two days before, Susan had answered a knock at her front door. Kathleen was standing on the porch stoop with two police officers standing directly behind her. At the age of twelve, Susan’s daughter had been caught, along with five other middle-schoolers, smoking a joint in the restroom of a local park. Instead of arresting the law-breaking juveniles, the officers decided to show some discretion and they escorted each of the children to their homes. Yet, the next morning, the local newspaper had written an article about the incident. How they found out, no one knew. The article didn’t name any of the children involved due to the fact they were all minors, but it did mention that one of the juveniles that was caught with illegal cannabis was the daughter of an attorney who worked at The Lexington Law Group.
The four partners of The Lexington Law Group sat across from Evan at a wide, rectangular shaped, highly polished, hickory table, each of them with disappointment written on their faces. They had the newspaper with the article mentioning their law firm sitting in front of them. Charles Baylor, his brow scrunched up with condemnation, slid the newspaper in front of Evan, so Evan could read the article.
Charles sat back in his chair and crossed his arms to emphasize his disapproval. He looked hard at Evan who quickly felt like a child in the principal’s office. Evan looked at the other partners. They all had scornful eyes aimed at Evan. Their silence was unbearably uncomfortable. Were they waiting for Evan to start talking? Or were they purposefully filling him with an unpleasant, nerve-racking, uneasiness? Evan didn’t understand why they were being so dramatic over this little incident in the newspaper.
Finally, Charles spoke “Do you know what makes a great law firm such as ours?”
“Integrity. Hard work. Dedication,” Evan answered.
“Reputation,” Charles said, “Without a good reputation, there would be no reason for anyone to want us to represent them. With a good reputation comes a respectability and a notoriety that brings us business, that keeps this law firm functioning and profitable for us and our investors. And just as a good reputation can build our business into a great empire, a bad reputation can just as easily bring us to our knees. It’s the number one thing that can destroy everything we’ve worked for, literally overnight. It is our responsibility, all of us who work for The Lexington Law Group, to maintain a high level of professionalism and integrity, whether we are here, in the courtroom, or anywhere we are seen by the public. This not only includes us, but are families as well. They are a direct reflection of us and, therefore, a reflection of this company. This virtue must be held by all of us for the sake of our company, our investors, and all who work here.”
“This incident with your daughter has put a bad light on our company. It may appear to you like just a minor incident, but even a speck of rust, if left unattended to, can spread rapidly and eventually sink a ship. We will not allow such a tragedy to happen to this company. Our employees and their families will conduct themselves in a manner representative of the greatness of The Lexington Law Group or they will be terminated, no matter how much I like them or how great a lawyer I think they are. The company must come first. Evan, you’re a great talent and you can go far with us, make more money than you ever dreamed of, but you and your family must keep your noses clean, become refined, philanthropists, give to charities in the community, walk the straight and narrow, go to church if only for show, have perfect manners, always be well dressed and well spoken, because you are a reflection of this company. Treat this company with the respect it deserves and it will treat you and yours well. This incident with your daughter will never happen again. Right?”
“No, sir! It will never happen again,” Evan said. “I will assure you of that! I offer you all my sincere apology on behalf of my daughter. She’s going through a rebellious stage in her life. You all know how that is. You have kids, right?”
“None that would break the law,” one of the partners said with a judgmental arrogance.
“Again, I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
When Evan returned home that evening and told his wife what the partners at the law firm had said to him, it scared Susan. The thoughts of losing all their wealth and the potential wealth to come horrified her. She did not want to go back to living in a one-bedroom duplex again. To eating frozen dinners. To driving a car that left an oil spot everywhere it was parked. She had grown accustomed to her new lifestyle. She felt safe in the neighborhood she now lived in. She like her new house, her new car, her new clothes. She didn’t want to give them up because her family wasn’t well mannered. And it was at that point that Susan changed into the perfectionist she was today.
The first thing Susan did was hire an etiquette coach for her and her family to teach them manners and how to be classy, sophisticated, and refined. The coach taught Susan and Kathleen how to act like proper ladies, elegant and graceful. The coach taught Evan and Johnathan how to act like polished gentlemen, stately and restrained. The coach showed each of them how to walk properly, how to dress appropriately, how to eat with good manners, the worth of good communication, the value of reputation, the merit of cleanliness, and even how to conduct oneself on social media. Striving for perfection became an obsession for Susan and she demanded nothing less of her family. In her eyes, it was a small price to pay to maintain her lifestyle. Her husband was on his way to the top of the ladder and Susan wouldn’t let anything or anyone stop his climb to becoming a partner in the law firm.
Then came the day when The Lexington Law Group obtained their most highly publicized case to date. A case that would give the law firm nationwide attention. A well-known politician, a front runner for the next presidency, Senator William Taft, was being charged with killing his wife while they were vacationing in Las Vegas. The senator’s wife was found strangled to death in her hotel room. The senator’s alibi was that he was in the casino gambling all night and when he returned to his room, he found his wife dead. But no one could recall seeing the senator in the casino that night. The senator’s arrest quickly became a media circus even before the trial began. This would be The Lexington Law Group’s most important trial. A once in a life time chance for nationwide notoriety. The four partners of The Lexington Law Group would personally be the lawyers for the senator. Standing in the spot light. Representing their law firm. Something none of them had done for several years.
After many months of preparation, the day of the trial arrived. Charles Baylor had been chosen by the other partners to give the opening statement, a statement expertly written by Evan, to the jury because of his commanding presence in the court room, but Charles hadn’t arrived at the court house yet and the trial was to start in less than an hour. After several attempts, Evan eventually got a hold of Charles’s wife on her cell phone. She informed Evan that her husband had suffered a minor heart attack during the night and he was currently in the hospital. He was expected to recover, but undergoing the stress of a trial was out of the question.
The other partners considered asking the judge for a postponement of the trial until their lead prosecutor recovered, but Charles insisted they go forward with the trial. He had no idea how long his recovery would take and the trial was much too important to the firm to risk losing it. Asking for a postponement on the very first day of the trial was not an option. Then Charles suggested something that both surprised and scared the other senior partners. He wanted Evan to take his place as lead attorney. Being that it had been years since the senior partners had actually been inside a courtroom, combined with the fact that they were so filled with apprehension and nervousness about being in the media spotlight, plus the weight of the responsibility to win the case, the partners gladly agreed to hand over the reins to their top lawyer.
It proved to be a smart decision. Evan shined in the courtroom and quickly became the star of the trial. His presence and command of the courtroom even eclipsed Charles’s past performances. He was born to be in the spotlight and the media agreed. They couldn’t get enough of the young handsome rising star. His name was even on the lips of the students, teachers, and staff members of the middle school Kathleen attended. Because of her father’s notoriety, Kathleen quickly became the most popular girl in school and, for the first time, she became curious about what her father actually did for a living. How did her father suddenly become so famous? She asked her mother if they could attend the trial so she could see for herself. Susan agreed to take her daughter to the courtroom.
It was a life changing event for Kathleen. She watched in prideful awe at the way her father commanded the courtroom. As her father spoke, ever eye in the room was fixated on him. Every ear waiting in anticipation for his next word. The faces of the jury were completely in congruence with what Evan was telling them. They held on to Evan’s every word like he was a prophet and they were his followers. Evan had the jury so mesmerized that he could have told them that elephants can fly and they would have believed him. The power and control Evan had over everyone was enticing to a young impressionable girl. Kathleen had a whole new respect for her father and she decided right then and there that she wanted to become a lawyer. She wanted to be just like her father. She wanted to be in the spotlight.
Eight months later, the jury found Senator William Taft not guilty of murdering his wife and The Lexington Law Group became the most prestigious law firm in the nation. Soon, the law firm became bombarded with more clients than they could handle and the firm was forced to build a second law building with Evan as its senior partner. Evan was soon making more money than he or his family could spend. They moved into the wealthy section of town, to a gated community, and bought a ranch-style mansion recently owned by Wayne Newton.
Kathleen tiptoed into the kitchen, being as quiet as she could. She had to put something inside her stomach before her morning jog. From the age of six, Kathleen suffered from a mild case of hypoglycemia. She didn’t have to take insulin or medication for her condition. She only had to ensure she ate on a regular basis to prevent having any symptoms of her ailment.
Kathleen didn’t dare flip on the bright kitchen light. Instead, she used the oven’s surface light to illuminate her way. She slowly opened the cabinet door where the cereal bowls were kept and gently took a bowl down and placed it on the kitchen counter top. She retrieved a spoon from the utensil drawer and then went to the cupboard where the cereal was stored. She filled her bowl up with Special K and then walked to the refrigerator. The suction of the refrigerator door made a loud sound when Kathleen pulled it open and she froze for a moment, listening for any sounds of movement from her parent’s bedroom. Satisfied she hadn’t waken them, Kathleen picked up the gallon of soy milk from the refrigerator. She and her father were lactose intolerant and neither one of them could drink regular milk. Kathleen poured some milk over her cereal. As she was heading to the small dinette table positioned in front of a bay window to sit down with her breakfast, Kathleen noticed a note lying on the countertop next to the toaster. She went over to read the note. It was from her mother. It was then that Kathleen remembered that this was the day her parents had left to go on a week’s vacation to Disney World with Johnathan. Kathleen was invited, but she had declined the invitation. She and her mother had been fighting more than usual the past few days and Kathleen needed a break from Susan. Kathleen’s parents and Johnathan had left early that morning without waking Kathleen. Without saying goodbye. Kathleen suspected it was her mother’s idea not to wake her. None the less, Kathleen planned on enjoying her temporary freedom from the constant vise-like grip of scrutiny her parents had on her life. Heaven forbid she make a mistake and bring shame to the family. Or worse…the law firm.
After finishing her breakfast, Kathleen went upstairs and brushed her teeth. She then wiped down the bathroom sink and walked into her bedroom, to her top dresser drawer where she retrieved a sweatband and her MP3 player. Looking in the mirror, she put her hair up in a ponytail, adjusting it several times until it was perfect, and then positioned the sweatband across her forehead and under her ponytail. After one last glance in the mirror to make sure her attire was acceptable to be seen wearing in public, Kathleen went down stairs and into the exercising room. Standing on an exercise mat, she performed a series of stretching exercises in preparation for her five mile run. One last inspection in one of the many mirrors hanging in the exercise room before leaving the house and walking outside.
The morning sun was just peeking over the distant mountains yet the outside temperature was already in the mid-eighties. Typical weather for living in a desert region. Kathleen walked to the end of her driveway and stopped to turn on her MP3 player, strap the device around her wrist, and put the ear pieces in her ears. Her friends thought her weird for her choice of exercise music, but she enjoyed running to the songs of the Beatles. Kathleen stepped onto the asphalt road and began her morning jog.
The single lane road Kathleen jogged down every morning weaved smoothly through the quiet gated community she lived in. The developer named the community The Ponderosa due to the many Ponderosa Pines located on the property. The road Kathleen was running down was never straight for very long before it curved either to the left or to the right. The route Kathleen chose to jog each time formed a loop through this particular section of the gated community, a loop that led back to her house. Her house was located in the last phase of the wealthy community and this phase had not yet been fully occupied with homes. There was considerable distance between one house and the next in this final phase. It consisted mostly of vacant lots, some cleared, while the majority were still heavily wooded. Most of the one acre lots were available for purchase, but the asking prices were astronomical, so very few homes were being built.
Along Kathleen’s five mile jogging route, there were very few intersecting roads and only five houses in which she passed. Most mornings, she never saw a vehicle on the road or anyone working in their yard or a single person walking their dog. It was easy for Kathleen to imagine she was jogging down her own private jogging trail. This was the only time she actually enjoyed being alone.
The black-top road curved to the right and then ran straight for a few hundred yards as the Beatles sang “Helter Skelter”. Up ahead and to her right, Kathleen noticed a black van down a side street, because it was the only thing down the vacant street. The van was pulled off to the side of the road facing the street Kathleen was jogging down. The van was too far away for Kathleen to see if anyone was inside, but whether the vehicle was occupied or not wasn’t a real concern of Kathleen’s. She felt safe in her gated community. Nothing bad ever happened there. Plus, she had taken two years of self-defense classes, more for the exercise aspect of it than for the protection, but she was confident in her belief that she could fight off any would-be-attacker if need be.
Half way through her five mile jog and going around a long bend in the road, Kathleen approached an intersecting street. This was the main street that led from the third phase, through the second phase, and then the first and eventually exited out of The Ponderosa. Before crossing the intersection, Kathleen looked both ways to make sure no cars were approaching. As she did, a sudden, unexpected wave of panic swept over her. Down the intersecting road to her right, a black van was pulled off to the side of the road facing her. She couldn’t tell if it was the same van she had seen previously, but what were the odds in her passing two black vans on her morning jog? As she crossed the intersection, she watched out of the corner of her eye for as long as she could for any movement from the van, but there was none as she continued around the bend and eventually lost sight of the black van.
Kathleen tried to shake the panic that filled her, but it stubbornly held on. Was it survival instinct or irrational paranoia that saturated her every pore? She looked behind her. No van was following her. She then scoffed at herself. Why was she being so fearful this morning? Was it because she knew her parents were gone? Was it because she was alone? She never carried her cell phone with her when she ran and she hadn’t passed a single soul all morning. She was truly alone. A young helpless girl alone on an empty street where no one would know if something bad happened to her until---.
“Shut up!” Kathleen ordered her panicky mind. “There’s nothing to be scared of. No one is after us. We’re just being paranoid. We are not weak. We are strong. We are not in danger. We are safe.”
Kathleen looked behind her just to make sure she wasn’t being followed. No black van.
The Beatles were now belting out “I Saw Her Standing There” when Kathleen passed the half-way mark of her run. She was now heading back in the direction of her house. This was the most wooded part of her jogging route. The irrational fear that consumed her was now lessening with each stride she took that brought her closer to home. Closer to safe haven. This fear that blanketed her, she couldn’t understand. She had never been scared like this before. It made her feel weak. Defenseless. The fear was illogical. Unsounded. Absurd and foolish. And uncharacteristic of her. She had never been so full of alarm and apprehension before. How could a seemingly harmless van parked alongside of the road scare her so bad?
But just as Kathleen was settling her fears down, those fears were instantly replaced with terror that pricked every inch of her skin from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet. She could feel every hair on her body stand up in angst, a hot wave of alarm quivered up her spine, and her heart began beating much faster than it normally did when she was jogging. Down the last side street before she arrived home, there sat the black van just a half block down the street. Coincidence was no longer a logical conclusion. It was impossible for there to be three identical black vans parked down side streets in a single gated community.
Kathleen picked up her pace as she passed the street the sinister van was parked down. She began to profusely sweat fear. Breathe in deep concern for her safety and breathe out screaming alarm for her vulnerability. Her rapid heartbeat matched the increasing pace of her feet. Her whole body ached with fear. She looked behind her only to wish she hadn’t. She saw the van slowing turning onto the street she was currently on. The van began following her, but kept its distance. There was now no doubt in Kathleen’s mind that she was being stalked.
Kathleen fought the strong urge to start running home as fast as she could. To do so would be an admission to herself and to the person following her of how scared she actually was. She refused to give anyone the satisfaction of knowing they had frightened her. So, she continued to keep her pace and soon felt a sense of hope when she turned the last bend. Only a half mile until she would be safe inside her house. Only a half mile until she had access to her cell phone in case she needed to call for help. She looked behind her again and didn’t see the black van following. This scared her even more. Not knowing the whereabouts of the black van was more terrifying than seeing it following her. She was succumbed with panic and Kathleen could no longer fight the urge…the need…to run. She began to sprint toward home as fast as her legs would move. Just another hundred yards and she would be home. Just another hundred yards and she would be safe.
Suddenly, to Kathleen’s immediate right, the black van tore through the thick wooded vacant lot adjacent from the property her house was built upon and headed straight at Kathleen. The van crossed a shallow drainage ditch and ran onto the road where it came to a screeching halt directly in front of Kathleen, only coming inches from hitting her. The van’s side door was already being rolled open even before the van had come to a complete stop. The whole event happened so fast, Kathleen barely had time to stop and she nearly ran directly inside the open door of the van. Without having to step out of the van, a person wearing a white hockey goalie mask, dark blue overalls, and black leather gloves immediately grabbed Kathleen and pulled her inside the van. The van’s side door was slammed shut and the van casually rode away.
Inside the van, Kathleen struggled to escape the grip of her captor, but she wasn’t strong enough. Her kidnapper had his arms wrapped tightly around his prey while sitting on the metal floor of the van with his back against the side of the van and Kathleen sitting between his legs. Kathleen began to scream, praying someone would hear her, but her mouth was quickly covered by one massive hand. She tried to kick, but her legs were being held down by her captor’s two heavy legs. The reality of the situation overflowed Kathleen with horror. She had become the one thing she swore she would never become. She was a victim.
For a brief second, Kathleen’s abductor removed his hand from her mouth, but quickly replaced it with a rag. The rag covered Kathleen’s mouth and nose and she could smell a strong sweet-smelling odor coming from the rag. Kathleen immediately knew what her captor was trying to do, so she held her breath for as long as she could. But her body’s need for oxygen betrayed her and she was forced to inhale deeply. The chloroform’s vapors burned the back of Kathleen’s throat and she instantly became drowsy. She fought hard to keep her eyes open, but her eye lids became impossible weights to hold up. She felt her body going limp. The fight inside her drifting away. As she fell into unconsciousness, the last thing she heard through her MP3 players were the Beatles singing, “You’ve Really Got A Hold On Me”.

CHAPTER THREE

Kathleen opened her eyes and found herself lying on her back looking up at a green metal ceiling. Her head was a little foggy and she was finding it hard to fully focus, mentally and with her eyes. She felt weak. Drained of strength. With her hands, she could feel that the floor she was lying on was also made of metal. With great effort, she forced herself to sit up and her head immediately began to spin. She had to place both her hands on the floor as supports to keep from falling over and she closed her eyes tight until the spinning stopped. When she opened her eyes again, and was able to focus better, Kathleen found she was surrounded by iron bars. She was inside a small metal cage, about eight feet by eight feet square, like the ones she had seen many times in zoos, the ones that held the smaller primates, like the cute, adorable spider monkeys. Panic rushed over Kathleen as the cobwebs dissipated from her head and she remembered how she had been abducted. She remembered the terror. She remembered the fear. Both were still lingering over her like a nightmare. Questions began flooding her head. What was going on? Why had she been kidnapped? What were her abductor’s intentions with her? There was a sense of relief she felt that she was still alive, but not knowing her captor’s intentions horrified her. Was her abductor a rapist who would have his way with her before strangling her? Was he a sadist who would use her warm blood for some bizarre ritual? Or was he a deranged psycho who got his kicks from torturing people? These possible scenarios made Kathleen’s blood turn cold and she shivered with fright.
Kathleen tried to imagine a less sinister possibility, if only to ease her fearful mind. Perhaps this was just a horrible practical joke. It was her twenty-first birthday a few days ago. Maybe, just maybe, her friends were playing a joke on her, a really sick joke, and at any moment now they would suddenly appear, laughing about how scared she was. Any other time, Kathleen would have been appalled if she found out her friends had such a morbid sense of humor, but right now, she prayed that they did. But as Kathleen waited for her friends to reveal their awful joke, no one showed up. Deep down, she knew they wouldn’t. It was just a feeble hope of desperation. Her friends were not that cruel as to put her through all this. She knew they were not coming. She doubted any of them even knew she was missing. She doubted anyone knew she was missing. Her parents were on vacation with her brother and would be gone for a week. Her next scheduled class at the university was two days away. And in the past, Kathleen would sometimes go days without seeing one of her friends, but they did always text her at least once a day. Maybe, when she didn’t respond to their texts, they would start worrying about their friend and come looking for her. Kathleen needed some shred of hope to cling to and her friends were her only assurance. Her only question was, would they come looking for her? How good of friends were they actually? Would they be concerned that she didn’t respond to their text or would they simply go about their day not really caring? Kathleen didn’t truly know how close she and her friends were. She wasn’t sure if they cared about her or if they hung around her because of her celebrity status and wealth she had due to who her father was. This was the first time Kathleen had ever questioned the loyalty of her friends and not knowing the answer filled her with despair. Would she be worried about one of them if they came up missing? Yes, she said with confidence. She did care about them and hoped they shared her same sentiment. She prayed they were looking for her at this very moment. But, if they weren’t. If no one was looking for her, then it was up to Kathleen to try and get out of this frightening situation she found herself in. She refused to be a victim. Although, being locked in a cage was disparaging to her confidence.
Kathleen stood up in her prison cell, the top of her head only a few inches below the cage’s ceiling, and walked over to the cage’s only door. She took a hold of the bars of the door with both hands and pulled and pushed as hard as she could, but, not surprisingly, the door was locked. She then looked through the bars, all around her, to try to get a sense of where she was. The cage she was in was sitting inside an abandoned factory of some type. The back of her cage was up against an exterior block wall. The front of her cage, where the door was located, was facing inside the large, wide-open, dilapidated, concrete block building. Running around at the top of the factory’s high twenty foot exterior walls ran a single row of windows. Nearly all of the glass in the windows had been busted out. More than likely by bored teenagers who found entertainment in throwing rocks through the glass. The walls of the deserted building were covered in dark soot from the exhaust of heavy machinery that once operated inside the factory. There were several places along the bottom of the exterior walls where the cement between the concrete blocks had disintegrated over time and light from outside was shining through. The majority of the factory floor was covered by old packing crates and wooden pallets stacked high on top of each other. The dusty concrete floor, the places Kathleen could see that weren’t hidden by the columns of pallets and crates, was littered with stress cracks with a varieties of weeds growing through the small fissures. The columns of wood were spaced close to one another, creating a maze throughout that side of the old factory. The old rusty tin roof of the building was riddled with corrosion holes, some as big around as a basketball. On the far right wall of the factory was a severely dented door, once red, but had faded to a mauve over the years, with the word “EXIT” painted in white above it. This door was hanging open about a foot; its doorknob was missing. To the left of Kathleen’s iron box, only twenty feet away, was the left exterior wall of the abandoned building. This wall had a twelve foot wide manual roll-up freight door, currently closed, and to the left of this freight door was a light green single door. Like the mauve door at the opposite end of the building, the green door had the word “EXIT” painted above it. Running from underneath the freight door to the bottom edge of Kathleen’s cage were scratches etched into the concrete floor left there when her cage was dragged inside to its current position.
Kathleen walked around her cage examining every inch of it, searching for any weakness in the metal structure. She pushed up on the ceiling, but it was solid. She pulled on every iron bar of her cage, but all were solidly attached. Out of frustration, she tried the cage door again, rattling the door hard against its hinges, but it remained locked. She kicked the iron bars of the door, but only managed to hurt her big toe. Tears of discombobulation began to fill her eyes, but she refused to let them fall. She wanted to scream out for help, but that would make her appear weak. She must remain strong. She must keep her wits about her. She must remain calm. She must control the rage that was boiling inside her. A rage she had both for her abductor, for making her a victim, and for herself, for allowing herself to become a victim in the first place.
Kathleen began pacing inside her cage, racking her brain, trying to figure out a way to escape from her predicament, but nothing came to mind. She knew, in order to escape, the first thing she had to do was to get out of her prison cell, but it was impenetrable without a key. A key only her captor had. But just as she couldn’t get out without unlocking the cage door, her captor couldn’t get in without unlocking the door. Thus was her dilemma. She didn’t want her abductor coming inside her cage for fear of what he would do to her, but unless he unlocked the cage door, she would never have the opportunity to escape. At the precise moment her kidnapper unlocked and opened the door, that would be Kathleen’s only window of opportunity to escape. When that time came, she hoped she would have the strength and the courage to act upon that opportunity.
The temperature inside the abandoned factory was sweltering and it felt like it was rising with each passing minute. It was early morning when Kathleen was kidnaped. By the angle the sunlight was pouring through the high windows, Kathleen estimated it had to be around ten o’clock, so the temperature inside the factory, inside her cage, was only going to get hotter. She usually didn’t sweat much, a little when she ran, but she felt like she was in a sauna and beads of perspiration were starting to roll down her face. Her mouth and throat were very parched and she was so thirsty. Normally when arriving home after her five mile run, Kathleen would head straight to the refrigerator and down a whole bottle of water, but she didn’t have such an opportunity to do so this morning and the effects of missing her hydration was taking its toll on her body. She had no saliva in her mouth, her tongue was swollen, and her throat felt like she had swallowed several cotton balls. Her lips were dry and they felt like they would split if she opened her mouth too wide. Her head was beginning to hurt which she knew was a sign of dehydration. Kathleen recalled watching one of those doctor shows on television and remembered the doctor saying that the majority of people’s headaches were nothing more than their body being in a state of dehydration which could be easily cured with a simple glass of water. She began to wonder how long a person could live without water. Kathleen imagined it would depend on what kind of conditions the person was enduring. Inside a scorching abandoned factory wasn’t ideal conditions to be without water especially when combined with hypoglycemia. A bead of sweat ran down Kathleen’s nose and she welcomed it as it rolled between her lips.
Then, Kathleen heard the most frightening sound she had ever heard in her life. The sound of the green factory door opening. She immediately spun around to face the door, praying by some miracle her friends had found her and was there to take her home, but what walked through that door was neither friendly or an answer to her prayers. It was her captor still wearing the hockey goalie mask. The kidnapper walked toward the cage and stopped about five feet away with crossed arms and a silent tongue, just staring at his prisoner. Kathleen wished she could see the expression on her captor’s face. To see whether it was as evil and sinister as she was imagining it to be. She wanted to be able to look into his eyes and see if they were eyes of a killer. She had seen such eyes a few times in the courtroom belonging to men her father was defending. But she could not see her kidnapper’s eyes. All she could see was the cold, expressionless face of the hockey mask.
Kathleen tried to swallow a lump of fear that was lodged in her throat, but it would not go down. She prayed her kidnapper couldn’t see the fear in her eyes or the trembling in her hands. Her hands weren’t only trembling with fright, but also with intense anger toward her abductor. How dare he kidnap her! She formed tight fists with her hands at her side to try to stop them from shaking. She then found enough courage in her rage to speak. The trembling in her own voice angered her even more.
“Who are you?” Kathleen demanded to know. “What do you want? Do you have any idea who my father is? There’s going to be hundreds of people looking for me and, when they find me, you’re going to pay for this! Dearly!”
The kidnapper remained silent.
“Did you hear me? Let me go right now or you’ll be sorry! Open this door immediately! If you don’t, I’ll see to it that you get the death penalty!”
“You have a lot of fight in you, Princess,” the kidnapper said with a chuckle in his voice.
By the sound of his voice, Kathleen could tell her kidnapper was a man, although, she had already assumed he was, but there was nothing distinctive about his voice. Just an average voice. Sitting in the courtroom over the years and observing many different trials during that time, Kathleen learned how important details were to both the defendant and the prosecutor. She realized just how important details were for convicting or defending a person of a crime. The more details, the better chance a lawyer had in winning his case. Kathleen quickly surveyed her kidnapper, looking for anything that might help in identifying him after she escaped.
Kathleen’s kidnapper was definitely a white male by the sound of his voice. She estimated he stood about six feet tall and weighed probably around two twenty five. She couldn’t see his eyes through the holes in the hockey mask, but she could see his dark brown, wavy hair. He was still wearing his dark blue overalls that had no distinguishable labels or any identifiable marks. They were just simple plain blue overalls. Probably from Walmart, Kathleen surmised. Her abductor’s hands were large with a lot of hair on them. One of his hands had easily been large enough to cover both Kathleen’s mouth and her nose when she was being held inside the van. And her kidnapper was wearing white tennis shoes. Kathleen couldn’t tell the brand name of the shoes. That was all the details she could collect from her observation of her captor. Not much for a trial lawyer to go on.
“What do you want with me?” Kathleen asked much more calmly than before. It was obvious her kidnapper wasn’t going to be intimidated by her threats.
“What do you think I want with you?”
“Money? Are you holding me for ransom? Because my family has lots of money. They will pay you good for my return.” Kathleen hoped this was all about money.
“No. I don’t want money.”
“Are you going to kill me?”
“No, Princess.”
“Stop calling me Princess!”
Kathleen’s kidnapper chuckled again.
“Why did you kidnap me?” Kathleen’s voice trembled as both her anger and fear fought to dominate her emotional state. “Are you going to rape me?”
“No. I’m not going to rape you, Princess. I’m not going to touch you until you ask me to. And you will. Before this is all over, you will offer yourself to me.”
“Offer myself to you?” Kathleen was irate. “There’s no way I’ll ever offer myself to you! There’s no way I’ll ever willingly have sex with you, you sick pervert! What kind of delusional fantasy are you living in? What? Have you been secretly stalking me, waiting for the perfect moment to kidnap me? How long have you been watching me? How long have you been stalking me?”
“I haven’t, Princess. I didn’t have to stalk you. I didn’t have to do much of anything but throw you in a van. Finding out where you live and what your everyday routine is was the easy part. I just had to look at your Facebook. Your address is on your Facebook page. The fact you jog every morning and where and when you jog is on your Facebook page. The fact your parents and brother would be gone for a week is on your Facebook page. Everything I needed to know about you was right there on the internet for all to see.”
Kathleen suddenly felt foolish. She had made it so easy for her kidnapper. She had done everything but give him an invitation. “If your only intention is to have sex with me, you might as well let me go right now, because I would rather die than to have sex with you!”
“I doubt that. You would be surprised what you’re capable of when death is staring you in the eyes. It’s only then a person truly finds out what they’re made of. It’s only then you find out your true strength. You seem like a strong young lady, Princess, but everyone has their breaking point. We’re going to find out where yours is.”
The kidnapper turned and walked out of the green door leaving Kathleen wondering what he was talking about. What did he mean, he’s going to find her breaking point? What was he going to do to her that would break her? He said he wouldn’t touch her until she asked him to, so what did he have in mind? What would he do to her that would be so bad that she would voluntarily give herself to her kidnapper? Kathleen’s mind filled with horrifying images that could be committed upon someone without having to touch them, each image worse than the last. The unknown future consumed her with a nervous-filled anxiety. And she had to accept the fact she was helpless to do anything about it. All she could do was wait. Wait to find out what her kidnapper had in mind.
Kathleen’s thirst grew. She estimated by the movement of the shadows on the factory floor that an hour had passed since her last encounter with her kidnapper. Her desire…her need…for water increased with each passing minute. Her tongue felt like it was swelling even bigger inside her mouth. She wondered if it could eventually swell big enough to block her esophagus and cause her to die of asphyxiation. Kathleen’s mind drifted back to a time in high school when a man visited her gym class to lecture the students on how to survive if they were ever caught in the middle of the desert with no food, water, or shelter. The man was a survivalist trainer and an avid rock climber. The only reason Kathleen remembered him was because he was easy on her eyes. Very cute and well built. She recalled this handsome rock climber giving the students a list of what lack of water could do to a person. So Kathleen knew the symptoms she was feeling now were just the tip of the arid sand dune. Without water, her symptoms were going to get a lot worse. Her headache and her dizziness were going to get atrocious. Followed by the rest of the syndromes of severe dehydration. 
Kathleen jumped when she heard the green door open. Her kidnapper walked through the door carrying a small cooler, the size that could hold a six pack of soda and some ice. The kidnapper stood in front of Kathleen’s cage and opened the cooler. Inside, the cooler was full of ice and six bottles of water. Kathleen’s kidnapper reached into the cooler, pulled out a bottle of water, opened it, and poured some water over his head.
“Wow, that’s cold!” he said. “But refreshing. It sure is hot today. I bet you could use a drink right about now. Couldn’t you?”
Kathleen nodded her head while staring desiringly at the bottles of water.
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t hear you. Did you say you could use a drink of water?”
“Yes,” Kathleen said in a soft humiliated voice. She wasn’t accustomed to having to ask for things she wanted.
“I’m sorry. There must be something wrong with my hearing, because I still couldn’t quite hear you. Could you speak up?”
“Yes,” Kathleen said louder.
“Yes, what?”
“I would like a bottle of water.”
“I would like a bottle of water…?”
“Please. I would like a bottle of water, please.” Kathleen was growing annoyed with her kidnapper’s little game, but she controlled her anger. Right now, her thirst was more important than her pride.
“That’s better. Now, here’s the deal. You can have a bottle of water when you take your clothes off.”
“What?” Kathleen could no longer control her anger. “Are you stupid? I’m not taking my clothes off for a bottle of water, you pervert!”
“Suit yourself.” The kidnapper slowly poured the contents of his water bottle on the concrete floor and left with his cooler.
Kathleen dropped to her knees, holding onto the bars of her cage, and watched as the water slowly ran across the dusty concrete floor and poured into a crack where it was rapidly soaked up by the parched soil below. She continued to stare at the wetness on the concrete floor, longing for just a few drops on her tongue. She watched until all traces of the water eventually evaporated.
Kathleen sat down on her butt and began rubbing her throbbing temples. She had stopped sweating as much as she had been early despite the temperature in her cage getting hotter. She knew that wasn’t a good sign. Her body was going from dehydration to severe dehydration. Her heartbeat and breathing were becoming erratic, the tips of her fingers and toes were tingling, and she was feeling nauseated. Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she thought she saw her brother standing in the cage with her. She quickly turned her head toward him, but he was not there. Delirium. Another sign of severe dehydration. Johnathan was miles away standing in a long line of people waiting for his turn on the next ride at Disney World. Kathleen was thankful her brother was at the theme park. Thankful he was safe.
Another thirty minutes passed and Kathleen’s symptoms were getting worse. She feared she wouldn’t last much longer without water. And all she had to do to get some life-sustaining liquid inside her was to take her clothes off. The thought of taking her clothes off in front of a stranger scared her, but the thought of dying of thirst scared her more. Kathleen began to rationalize with herself. Taking her clothes off in front of her abductor would be humiliating and mortifying, but not taking the deal could mean her death. It seemed like a small price to pay as long as her kidnapper didn’t try anything with her. As long as he stayed outside her cage. He said he would not touch her until she asked him to, but was he a man of his word? Can a man who commits the crime of kidnapping have integrity? Couldn’t such a man also be a liar? It was a chance Kathleen was going to have to take. The bottom line was, she needed water.
Kathleen began staring at the green door and, with much disbelief in herself, she began wishing her abductor would walk through the door. She hoped he would enter the factory with his cooler full of water and offer her a bottle of water again. This time, she would disrobe without hesitation. To hell with modesty. Her life was more important than her virtue. She continued to watch the door in earnest, praying it would open, and began fearing it wouldn’t. What if he wasn’t coming back anytime soon? What if he wasn’t coming back at all today? Just how much longer could she last without water? Surely, he wouldn’t have gone through all the trouble of kidnapping her just to let her die of thirst. Would he? Kathleen had no idea what kind of tormented monster she was dealing with. She hated the fact that she needed this monster. She despised the fact she longed for his return and she loathed the fact she was scared he might not walk back through the green door.
Just when Kathleen was considering calling out to her kidnapper, the green door opened. Her abductor walked through the door and up to Kathleen’s cage with his cooler at his side and stood there silently. Waiting.
“Okay,” Kathleen said in a low defeated voice. A voice she didn’t recognized.
“Okay, what?”
“I’ll do it. I’ll take my clothes off if you give me something to drink.”
“Take your clothes off first and I’ll give you a drink.”
“You promise?”
The man in the hockey mask nodded his head.
Still in a sitting position, Kathleen brought her legs into her body and began untying her sneakers. She removed her shoes and then her socks. Just exposing her bare feet to this man made her feel cheap and worthless and she dreaded showing him more. But she had no choice. She stood up to take the rest of her clothes off.
“Toss your shoes and socks through the bars,” the kidnapper ordered.
“Why?” Kathleen knew if she gave her abductor her clothes, he would keep them. She would be naked inside her prison with nothing to cover herself with. She had assumed she would take her clothes off, be given some water, and then be able to put her clothes back on. But that wasn’t going to be the case.
“Do as I say,” her kidnapper said sternly.
With a sigh of reluctance and a hard swallow, Kathleen tossed her shoes and socks outside her cage at the feet of her abductor. With trembling hands, she pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it on the floor outside her cage. She hesitated before pulling her pants off, mustering up the courage to do so. Soon, she would be standing in only her bra and panties, so she tried to pretend it was her bathing suit she would be exposing to her kidnapper. A bathing suit basically showed the same amount of skin as wearing only a bra and panties. It was no big deal to Kathleen if some stranger saw her in her bathing suit. It happened all the time when she went to the beach. Convincing herself, if only slightly, that she was wearing her bikini bottoms under her pants, she took her pants off and tossed them out of her cage. Unfortunately, she immediately became aware she was standing in nothing but her bra and panties and she felt extremely vulnerable. She wanted so desperately to cover up, but she knew she wasn’t finished yet. The deal was for her to be naked in order to receive the bottle of water. Fighting back her tears of shame, Kathleen reached behind her back to unhook her bra.
“Stop. That’s enough,” the kidnapper said. “You can keep those on.”
A flood of relief poured over Kathleen and she felt gratitude toward her kidnapper. Maybe he wasn’t such a bad person, she thought. Maybe he wasn’t the sick pervert she thought he was. Kathleen was immediately sicken with herself for allowing such a thought to enter her head. This man was the one who kidnaped her and made her his prisoner. He was a bad person. Nothing that could be perceived as an act of kindness by the hands of her kidnapper could make up for what he had done. Stay vigilant, Kathleen. Stay strong.
Kathleen’s captor opened up his cooler, took out a bottle of water, and placed it inside the cage. Kathleen snatched the bottle, nearly tore the plastic lid off, and chugged the entire contents down without taking a breath. It was the best bottle of water she could ever remember drinking. The kidnapper placed four more bottles of water inside Kathleen’s cage and Kathleen drank all four.
“Toss the empty bottles out here,” the kidnapper ordered. “You know, they’re recyclable. We all have to do our part.”
Kathleen chucked her bottles outside the cage and watched her kidnapper pick each one up and placed them inside his cooler. For a brief instant, Kathleen imagined her kidnapper was her servant who was being forced to pick up after her and this thought brought her a brief feeling of satisfaction and a short flash of superiority. It wasn’t much, but she took it and enjoyed it. Kathleen was about to ask if she could have her clothes back, but, before she did, her kidnapper picked up the discarded items of clothing, tucked them under his arm, and walked out the green door.
Kathleen sat on the floor of her cage with her back against the cage bars while the effects of dehydration slowly vanished from her body. The sun was sinking low in the sky evident by the long shadows inside the old factory. The temperature was dropping and it would be night soon. Kathleen suddenly realized she had never been outside at night alone. Her nightly outings consisted of driving from point A to point B, always with someone, and never spending more than a few minutes outside. The night scared her. It had ever since she could remember. It was probably a transference fear from father to daughter. For as long as Kathleen could remember, every night before bedtime her father would ritually walk through their house making certain every window and every door was locked tight. He never admitted to being afraid of the dark, but, even as a small girl, Kathleen could tell her father was. Just like Kathleen, her father had a nightlight in his room that was always on at night. So, she was convinced that there had to be something bad about the night.
The shadows grew longer and more plentiful inside the factory. The menacing shadows began overlapping one another, creating a frightening array of ghouly shapes. The dark spaces between the forest of wooden crates and pallets became sinister abysses with an unlimited number of possible terrifying creatures hiding inside. Watching Kathleen. Stalking her. Waiting for the opportune moment to pounce inside her cage and rip her throat open. Kathleen shivered. She shivered because of the horrifying images she was allowing her mind to manifest and because the temperature was dropping fast.
Kathleen pulled her legs into her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs tightly and she began to rock back and forth in an effort to warm herself. But as the sun light disappeared and the dark abysses were only being subdued by the faint light of the moon shining through the windows, the night air brought colder temperatures. Thoughts of things Kathleen had long taken for granted swept through her mind like the night breeze sweeping through the windows of the old abandoned factory. The warmth of her brother’s forehead as she kissed him goodnight. Her toasty shower. Her comfortable nightgown. Her warm Egyptian sheets. Things she always assumed would be there for her. She missed them. She missed her brother. She missed her father. She even missed her mother.
Kathleen loved her mother and she knew her mother loved her, but Kathleen felt she was never good enough for her mother. No matter how hard she tried, Kathleen felt her mother always had a negative comment or a disparaging word for her. Sometimes, Kathleen felt her mother was more of a drill sergeant than a caring parent, making sure her family walked the straight and narrow. But maybe that was the price they had to pay to have the things they had. To be who they were. Kathleen’s mother pushed her husband just as hard as she pushed her children. She pushed them toward hard work, discipline, values, dedication, goals, achievements, education, things that made them better in school, at their jobs, financially and as prominent pillars of the community. Was Kathleen’s mother really all that bad? Maybe her tactics could have been sweeter, but the end results could not be denied. Her husband was head of the largest law firm in the state of Nevada. Her daughter had a perfect G.P.A. in high school and was getting perfect scores in college and would soon be on her way to law school. Her son was following in his sister’s footsteps with perfect grades and attendance in school and was head quarterback of the junior football team. Perhaps, Kathleen had to admit, she was the one being too hard on her mother. Perhaps, her mother needed more recognition. Maybe she deserved more gratitude. Being behind the sidelines while your family gets all the glory and accolades for your hard work can’t be easy. Kathleen realized her mother deserved her daughter’s understanding and compassion and Kathleen promised herself that if she saw her mother again, that was exactly what she would do.
“If we see mom again?” Kathleen said to herself. “Stop thinking like that! We’re going to see her again. We’ll make it out of here somehow. We will. Somehow.”
Kathleen’s whole body shuttered hard. It was cold. The cage bars she was leaning against began to feel like icicles against her back. She took her hair out of its ponytail and let it fall down her back. Her only protection from the cold. The freezing metal of the cage floor began to make her bottom ache. She wrapped her arms tighter around her body, but didn’t feel any warmer. Her nose was starting to run and her face felt numb. Her toes and fingertips began to ache, the parts of her extremities that her body was willing to sacrifice in order to protect itself.
As Kathleen was enduring another uncontrollable bout of shivers, a realization hit her like an electric shock down her spine. She now understood why her abductor had wanted her to take her clothes off. She had falsely assumed it was because of some sexual fantasy he was fulfilling, but she was wrong. She could see it now. It had nothing to do with sex. Her kidnapper wanted his prisoner’s clothing off because he knew how cold it got at night. He wanted her to suffer just as she was doing now. He wanted her to endure the agony of the cold frigid night with as little clothing on her as possible. He could have demanded she take off her bra and panties, but that wasn’t what he was after. The flimsy material of Kathleen’s under clothing couldn’t provide much protection from the cold. It wouldn’t have made much of a difference if she wasn’t wearing them. But why? Why did he want her to hurt? Why did he want to torment her? Was he a sociopath who found pleasure in others pain? If that was the case, Kathleen was determined not to give him the satisfaction of knowing how much pain and discomfort she was in. She was determined to stay strong. She refused to become more of a victim than she already was.
For a short period of time, the moon had risen high enough in the night sky for Kathleen to be able to see it through the high windows of the abandoned factory. Looking at the moon, she was overcome with a strange feeling that the celestial object was looking directly at her, mocking her for allowing herself to get into the predicament she was in. The moonlight poured in through the windows, producing an eerie glow, illuminating the many irregular edges of everything inside the factory, transforming the forest of crates and pallets into an army of giant faceless demons standing at attention waiting for the order from their satanic creator to attack. The shadows of the bars of Kathleen’s cage began to slowly elongate, stretching toward her, reaching to rip her flesh from her body, while her own shadow fled. Kathleen pulled herself into as tight a ball as she could. The demonic army seemed to move slightly, anticipating the start of their charge, longing for the order to tear through the bars of Kathleen’s prison and drag her into the underworld. And just when the shadowy bars were nearly at Kathleen’s ankles, and just as the sadistic soldiers were about to storm Kathleen’s cage, the moon disappeared from the windows and the inside of the factory became dark again.
The night remained cold, but, to Kathleen’s relief, it didn’t get any colder. It was miserable, but tolerable. And a couple hours before sunrise, Kathleen fell asleep.

CHAPTER FOUR

After only two hours of sleep, Kathleen woke at the crack of dawn. She had been dreaming that she was safely back home snuggled deep inside her Egyptians blankets, but, when she opened her eyes, reality slapped her in the face. She was still in her prison, still in a sitting position with her arms wrapped around her legs. She winced in pain as she stretched her legs out. Her muscles had become stiff during the cold night. Kathleen’s legs tingled as the blood slowly returned to them. She then stretched out her arms and her neck and began to stretch her back when she felt a sharp pain running all around her mid-section. Her lower back ached where her kidneys were located and her bladder was in desperate need of relieving itself. The five bottles of water she had drank the previous day were demanding to make another appearance.
Kathleen felt weak and tired this morning, so she reached behind her and grabbed onto the cell bars. She held onto them for support and pulled herself to her feet. In a standing position, the pressure in her bladder intensified. She wasn’t going to be able to hold the contents of her bladder in much longer. She needed a place to go...soon. Kathleen knew her cage was empty, but she looked around it anyways as if by doing so a place she could relieve herself would magically appear out of thin air, but, not surprisingly, nothing did. The need to go was growing stronger with each passing second. The pain was increasing along with the desperation. Kathleen had often times been labeled a “clean-freak” by her friends, a title she accepted with pride, so relieving herself inside her cage like an animal was not an option. There had to be another solution. She wondered if a bladder could get so full that it would eventually explode inside a person’s body or would a person’s body simply take charge and empty its bladder before any serious damage could occur. An involuntary response. As involuntary as a heart beating. The body’s natural instinct to save itself.
Kathleen couldn’t allow that to happen. The shame would be too great if she urinated on herself like a child. She needed to find a more dignified way to relieve herself. She walked to the side of her cage, the side farthest away from the green door. There, she pressed her hips tight against the cell bars to ascertain whether she could relieve herself through the bars. She adjusted her body into several poses until she found the best position in which she felt confident she could empty her bladder and not get a single drop inside her cage. She was so thankful no one could see her now. There was nothing lady-like in what she was about to do. Kathleen glanced back at the green door to make sure it was still closed. She would be horrified if her kidnapper walked in while she was in the middle of such a humiliating act. The green door was closed. Kathleen returned her attention to the task at hand. But, just as she was about to pull the crotch of her panties to the side, she heard the sound of a door opening. She quickly spun around to see her kidnapper walking through the green door. A flood of relief swept over her that she hadn’t started the show yet which was immediately followed by a raging river of anger for the lack of privacy she was given.
“It got pretty cold last night, didn’t it Princess?” Kathleen was almost certain she could hear a smirk in her captor’s voice.
“Just like you knew it would.”
Kathleen imagined her captor now had a satisfying smile plastered on his face.
“I just came in here to make sure you survived your first night. You know, to make sure you hadn’t frozen to death. Wouldn’t want you dying on me just yet.”
“Why do you care if I die or not?” Kathleen asked with anger in her voice. “Would my dying rob you of some sick enjoyment you’re getting from all this? Why are you doing this? What did I ever do to you? What horrible thing did I do to deserve this? Tell me! Why do you want to see me in such pain? Why do you want me to suffer?”
“Are you suffering, Princess?” the kidnapper asked in a mocking, insincere tone.
“Screw you!” Kathleen quickly turned her back to her kidnapper. She didn’t want to give him the pleasure of seeing her eyes fill up with tears.
“I see you still have some fight left in you. I’m surprised. I assumed a rich spoiled girl like you would have fell apart after the first night. I guess we…I mean…I guess I underestimated you.”
We? Kathleen heard her kidnapper say “we”. There was more than one kidnapper. How many? Who else was helping her kidnapper? Of course! The driver of the black van. Someone was driving the van when her kidnapper pulled her inside. So there had to be at least two kidnappers. The man in the hockey mask was not alone.
“Tell me what this is all about,” Kathleen pleaded, still with her back to her kidnapper as she gained control of her emotions and stopped her tears from falling.
“In time, Princess. In time.”
Kathleen turned back around and faced her kidnapper. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“In time, all will be revealed. You will know why this is happening to you. How long it takes is up to you. You can end this at any time. You know what you have to do.”
“I will never do that!”
“Never say never.” Kathleen’s kidnapper turned and headed for the green door.
“Wait.” Kathleen called out.
The kidnapper stopped and turned around.
“I have to pee.” Kathleen stated in a humiliated voice. She had on several occasions throughout her life, and without shame, announced to her friends or to her family that she had to pee before heading to the nearest bathroom, but this time it wasn’t an announcement she was making. It was a plea. “Could you get me something to use?”
“I’ll see what I can find,” the kidnapper said and then walked out the green door.
In what seemed like an eternity to Kathleen, but was in actuality only ten minutes, the kidnapper returned. He walked up to Kathleen’s cage and tossed something inside. Kathleen picked up the item. It was a round plastic empty container that once was filled with margarine.
“Sorry. That’s all I have. Beggars can’t be choosers. Take it or leave it.”
“What choice do I have?” Kathleen doubted this plastic container was all her kidnapper could find. This was just another way for him to indignify her. “Are you going to just stand there and watch?” Kathleen asked in an irritable tone.
Kathleen’s kidnapper scoffed out loud. “Don’t flatter yourself, Princess.” He then walked out the green door, closing it behind him as usual.
Kathleen went over to the end of her cage as far away from the green door as she could get. She got down in a squatting position and placed the plastic container underneath her. She was about to perform the most humiliating, degrading act of her life. Despite being in severe pain from holding her bladder for so long, Kathleen stared at the green door for several seconds, waiting to see if her abductor was going to walk inside and witness her vulgar act. Convincing herself her kidnapper wasn’t going to return any time soon, Kathleen returned her attention to the plastic bowl. She positioned the make-shift urinal where it needed to be and glanced back up at the green door one last time. She was still alone. She pulled the crotch of her panties to the side to expose herself.
As bad as the need to go was, nothing was happening. Kathleen was hurting, but her muscles that controlled the release of urine refused to relax. Had she waited too long? Was her bladder going to erupt inside her releasing poisonous urea throughout her body? Kathleen was determined that wasn’t going to happen. She began to slowly breathe in and out in an attempt to calm herself. She cleared her mind of everything but what she needed to do. She thought of flowing rivers and bubbling streams. Oceans of ice cold glaciers and cascades of falling waterfalls. Whatever it took to get her flowing. And eventually she heard the sound of liquid falling into the plastic container. It burned and was a relief at the same time.
Kathleen looked down to ensure her aim was accurate, before resuming her watch on the green door, prepared to stop in mid-stream if the door started to open. The smell of her urine was strong being as close to it as she was and she turned her nose as far away from the smell as she could. Kathleen kept going and going and she began to wonder if she was ever going to stop. She knew the longer it took, the more chance there would be that she would be caught by her kidnapper. What an embarrassing situation that would be. Finally, it sounded like her stream was slowing down. It wouldn’t be much longer now.
All of a sudden, Kathleen felt something warm around her feet. She quickly looked between her legs and saw a puddle of urine surrounding her feet. The plastic container was leaking. Instinctively, she hastily tried to move her feet out of the puddle. In doing so, she lost her balance momentarily and inadvertently knocked the plastic container over. Urine spilled across the cage floor. Kathleen was fully convinced her kidnapper had sabotaged the plastic container by cutting a small slit in the side of it. She was so consumed with rage and frustration that she stood up and kicked the bowl across her cell splattering urine on her legs. This angered her even more and she screamed out in anger from the top of her lungs hoping her kidnapper would come through the green door so she could yell at him, but he didn’t come. This made Kathleen even angrier and she again screamed as loud and as long as she possibly could.
After her tantrum ended, Kathleen was succumbed with a feeling of defeat and wanting to just give up. She turned around and slid her back down the cage bars until she was sitting on the floor. There, she looked around her prison and its floor covered in her own urine and began sobbing uncontrollably. The most heartbreaking breakdown she had ever experienced. Her normal breathing was transformed into a series of convulsive gaspings of air and she was nearly drowning in her own tears. So many tears that they dripped from her face and formed a small pool on the floor between her legs. Sobs of anguish filled the abandoned factory.
Twenty minutes passed before Kathleen could stop crying. She was disappointed in herself for breaking down emotionally like she had. It was just what her kidnapper was hoping to do to her. Break her. Kathleen was determined more than ever not to allow that to happen. She needed to stay strong. She didn’t want to give her kidnapper the satisfaction of thinking he was beating her down. Even if he actually was.
The temperature inside the old factory was growing hotter just as it had the day prior. Kathleen was thirsty again. Then her stomach growled so loudly, it startled her. She hadn’t eaten anything since the previous morning. Her blood/sugar level was low. The small bowl of cereal she had eaten for breakfast had long ago been consumed by her body and now her body demanded more nutrients. But the convenience of driving to the nearest drive-thru and ordering a breakfast sandwich wasn’t going to happen. Kathleen’s only access to food would be through her kidnapper, but asking him for anything was just too demeaning for Kathleen. Especially after what happened with the plastic container incident. Her pride would not allow it. Kathleen’s stomach growled again.
“Shut up,” she ordered her stomach. “I know you’re hungry. I know we need food, but there’s nothing I can do about.”
Again Kathleen’s stomach growled, but more intensely this time.
“Go ahead and get angry. See if I care. I don’t know what you expect me to do about it.”
Her stomach growled hard and long.
“Forget it! I’m not going to ask him for food. I’m not going to ask him for anything. Just relax. We’re not going to die after just one day without eating.”
“Grrrooowwwl!”
“You don’t have to remind me about our blood/sugar level. I’m very aware of it. My head is spinning. I’m really thirsty. I’m tired. And I’m…I’m actually having a conversation with my stomach. You’re losing it, Kathleen. Keep it together, girl.”
Kathleen’s thirst was growing strong again. The last time, in order for her to have received water from her kidnapper, she had to first make a deal with him. What would he want this time? What would she have to do for more water? She knew her captor wasn’t going to just give her the water out of the kindness of his heart. Assuming he was planning to give her more water at all. What if he didn’t? What if he wasn’t going to return? What if something happened to him and whoever else might be helping him? What if they got scared and ran away? No one knew where she was. She would be trapped inside her cage. Left to thirst to death. Her corpse would rot inside the cage leaving nothing behind but her skeleton. Nothing to identify who she was. Just another victim. Just another statistic.
Kathleen found herself earnestly watching the green door. She began to worry she would never see it open again. How could someone start longing to see a person who had kidnapped them? Someone they detested so intensely. Was it simply that Kathleen knew her kidnapper was her life support or was it also her human need for affiliation? Was it because she had been stripped of her autonomy? Stripped of her independence? Kathleen began to fear she was starting to act like a victim, yet she couldn’t take her eyes off the green door.
Most of the day passed away and Kathleen was again in desperate need of hydration. Her head felt like her skull was shrinking and it was trying to crush her brain. She felt as though she needed to vomit, but her stomach was empty and had nothing to bring up. And she was dizzy. She felt like her prison was spinning. She had to lie down. Her urine that had been splattered on the floor of her cage had all evaporated leaving behind a pale yellow residue and a strong odor, but this didn’t deter Kathleen from lying on her back in the middle of her cage and holding onto the cage floor in an attempt to stop it from twirling. She felt like she was riding the tea cup ride at Disney World.
Disney World. That’s where her family was for the week. In Florida. Enjoying the many attractions the park had to offer. Enjoying their time together as a family. Eating at all the many restaurants. Riding the rides and enjoying the shows. Oh, how Kathleen wished she had went with them. Not only because she would have avoided the situation that she was now in, but also because she truly missed her family. What if she never saw them again? What if she never got to kiss her little brother’s forehead again? What if she never got the opportunity to follow in her father’s footsteps and become a great lawyer like him? What if she never got to tell her mother she loved her and how sorry she was for giving her such grief over the years? What if---.
“Shut up, Kathleen! Stop talking like that. We’re going to see them again. We’re going to get out of this. Stay strong. Please, just stay strong. I’m sure someone is looking for us right now. I’m sure one of our friends have missed us and have already called the police. They will find us. They have to find us.”
About the time Kathleen was becoming convinced her kidnapper wasn’t going to make an appearance, the green door opened. Kathleen was permeated with a feeling of exuberant relief when she heard the door open. A smile started to form across her face, but she quickly removed it. She was extremely disappointed in herself. How could she be feeling joy from seeing her kidnapper? He was the reason she was locked inside a cage like an animal. He was the reason she wasn’t home right now, sitting on the couch, watching Judge Judy while eating her delivered eggplant parmesan from the Italian restaurant down the road. He was the reason for all this. Kathleen grew frustrated that she had to keep reminding herself of this fact.
Kathleen struggled to her feet while her kidnapper approached her cage. The kidnapper had his hands behind his back when he stopped in front of the cage. Kathleen prayed he had his cooler with ice cold bottles of water hiding behind his back. The kidnapper presented his right hand. In it was a tall glass of cold milk with a straw in it. He maneuvered the straw under his mask and began drinking the milk.
“Man, this is some good milk,” the kidnapper exclaimed. “It’s cold and so refreshing. Would you like some?”
“I can’t have any. I’m lactose intolerant.”
“I know you are. This is soy milk.”
“How did…never mind.” Kathleen realized how her kidnapper knew she was lactose intolerant. That information was on her Facebook.
“So, would you like some?”
“What would I have to do for it?”
“Nothing. Just ask.”
“May I have some milk, please?”
“Of course, but this one is mine.” The kidnapper showed his left hand. In it was a plastic baby bottle filled with milk. “This one is yours.”
“Are you kidding me? Why is my milk in a baby bottle? Just to humiliate me?”
“Do you want it or not?”
Kathleen’s stomach answered for her with a loud, long growl. Her stomach desired the milk as much as she did. But her stomach didn’t have to endure the humiliation. Looking at the bottle of milk, Kathleen decided the humiliation was worth it. She was so thirsty and so hungry and knew the milk would satisfy both conditions.
“Yes. I want it,” Kathleen said and held her hand out to receive the bottle.
“No. That’s not how it’s going to work. I’m going to feed you. You’re going to put your hands behind your back, get down on your knees, and I’ll feed you through the bars. No negotiating.”
Kathleen shook her head and blew out a heavy breath of frustration. Why did her kidnapper enjoy humiliating her so? Was he getting enjoyment out of trying to demoralize her? He was ordering Kathleen to engage in a submissive, degrading act just for a drink of milk and, under any normal situation, she wouldn’t have ever considered it, but this wasn’t a normal situation. She needed the milk.
Kathleen looked at her kidnapper with heavy resentment in her eyes. “Fine,” she said and placed her hands behind her back, got on her knees as she was instructed, and waited to receive the bottle.
Her kidnapper stuck the bottle of milk through the cage bars and held it there for Kathleen to drink. The last ounce of dignity Kathleen had been holding onto instantly evaporated as she wrapped her lips around the nipple of the bottle and began nursing. She closed her eyes tight and pretended she was alone. She pretended her kidnapper wasn’t standing in front of her witnessing her humiliation. She pretended suckling from a baby bottle was a normal way to drink milk for a twenty-one year old. She pretended the painful humiliation she was enduring wasn’t happening to her. Kathleen pretended.
Kathleen drank hungrily from the bottle. She was surprised at how hard she had to suck to get the milk out. Did infants have to go through this much effort when they nursed from a bottle? Perhaps that’s why they cry so much, Kathleen presumed. Never the less, the milk was cold and tasted so delicious. Kathleen wanted to grasp the bottle in her hands and squeeze it hard to force the milk to come out faster, but she knew she wouldn’t have been allowed to do that. Kathleen couldn’t remember ever having milk that tasted so good. It was so sweet. Milk was pooling in the corners of Kathleen’s lips and dripping down her chin. Her stomach was smiling as the nourishing liquid filled its void. But, much too soon, she heard the slurping sound of the last of the milk leaving the bottle.
As Kathleen’s abductor pulled the empty bottle from between the cage bars, plucking the nipple from between Kathleen’s lips, two words subconsciously slipped out of Kathleen’s mouth that both surprised her and angered her.
“Thank you.”
Those two words escaped Kathleen’s mouth without any conscious thought. Like a reflex. A reflex of good manners taught to her by an etiquette coach and demanded to be used by her mother. The moment the two words were spoken, Kathleen wished she could have taken them back. Why was she thanking her kidnapper? The answer is what angered Kathleen. She was thankful to him for providing her with the milk despite her abductor being the reason she was there in the first place. She imagined it was the same with prisoners who felt a sense of thankfulness to the correctional officers and the institution they were incarcerated in who provided them with food, shelter, clothing, and all their medical needs. Although Kathleen’s situation was a bit different than the prisoners locked up in a state prison. Those prisoners had no reason to feel animosity toward the correctional officers. It wasn’t the correctional officers who incarcerated the prisoners. Kathleen was feeling thankfulness to the man who had kidnapped her. She knew she couldn’t have declined the milk. She needed it. But she didn’t have to thank her captor for it. She shouldn’t have. It was something a victim would have done. Stay strong Kathleen, she told herself. You are not a victim!
“Good girl,” Kathleen’s kidnapper said. “You finished all your milk.” He then turned around and started for the green door, but stopped and turned around right before he opened the door. He took another sip of his milk and then shook his head. “How stupid of me,” he said with an exaggerated concern. “This isn’t soy milk. It’s regular milk. Sorry about that.” He then walked out the green door.
A combination of outrage and worry flooded over Kathleen like a tsunami-created wave flooding over a sea level island. She was outraged because she knew her kidnapper hadn’t made a mistake with the milk. He gave her regular milk on purpose. Just another way to make her suffer. She was also angry with herself for not realizing she was drinking regular milk when she tasted the sweetness of it. Her desperation for the milk had clouded her judgment. She was worried because it had been many years since she last inadvertently drank regular milk and that experience wasn’t a good one.
It happened when Kathleen was eight years old. She was at a friend’s house coloring in coloring books. Her friend’s mom, having been warned about Kathleen’s lactose intolerance, carelessly gave Kathleen and her own daughter some regular chocolate milk. It was the last time the mom ever made that mistake. Thirty minutes after drinking the chocolate milk, Kathleen violently threw up all the milk plus everything else that had been in her stomach. The vomit spewed all over the coloring books and all over Kathleen’s best friend. It was such an embarrassing moment for the young girl that, for a long time afterwards, Kathleen refused to drink anything that even resembled milk. It was many years after the vomiting incident before Kathleen’s mother could finally coax her daughter into drinking soy milk again.
Kathleen’s stomach was once again filled with regular milk and all she could do now was to sit back against her cage bars and wait. Wait for the inevitable. Several minutes passed and Kathleen was still feeling fine. It had been years since she had last drank regular milk. Perhaps her affliction had cured itself. Maybe her body gained the ability to digest lactose. Kathleen wasn’t sure if such a thing was possible. She had read once that a person’s allergies could change over the years. They could be allergic to something for years and then not. Could it be the same for milk allergies?
Not in Kathleen’s case. Twenty minutes after drinking the milk, a rumbling arose from her stomach quickly followed by intense cramping. She wrapped her arms tightly around her mid-section and doubled up in pain. She slowly rocked back and forth trying to sooth her extreme discomfort. The contents of her stomach was beginning to gurgle as if it was trying to communicate with Kathleen, telling her it would be seeing her soon. She began belching uncontrollably and her saliva glands began watering excessively. Kathleen knew she was about to vomit. She was at the point of no return.
Kathleen turned around, held onto the cage bars and pressed as much of her face through the cage bars as she could. Her breathing began to become erratic and she could feel her inner mechanics switching its gears into reverse in preparation to regurgitate the milk she had drank. Then, Kathleen’s whole body tensed up, her mouth opened wide on its own, and she violently heaved the contents of her stomach onto the floor just outside her cage. And just as she was trying to catch her breath, another wave of vomit spewed from her mouth. And then another.
When it was all over, Kathleen pried her hands from around the cage bars, turned around, and sat back against the bars. She began to breathe in and out heavily, replenishing the oxygen in her body after not being able to breathe during her expulsion of milk and stomach vile. Kathleen’s throat burned and she had the most awful taste in her mouth. She also felt completely drained of energy and she just wanted to rest, but the stench of her vomit forced Kathleen to move to the other side of her cage.
Kathleen sat down and looked across her prison once again. The aroma of urine and vomit floated heavily upon the stifling air inside the abandoned factory. A dark cloud of depression hung over Kathleen’s head. A feeling of defeat knocked at her soul. She was trying so hard not to feel like a victim, but she was beginning to think she was just fooling herself. She was locked inside a cage like a monkey at a zoo and she wasn’t sure if anyone realized she was missing. She was thirsty and hungry. Humiliated and disgraced. Scared and alone. Her situation was looking bleak. Kathleen was overwhelmed with disheartenment. She was forced to admit that she had become a victim and shame enveloped her. Quietly, Kathleen sobbed.

CHAPTER FIVE

Despite being imprisoned inside a monkey cage, despite struggling with thirst and hunger, despite having to endure humiliation, and despite feeling like she was being stripped of her humanity, one attribute still clung to Kathleen. Vanity. She couldn’t help but wonder what she looked like after going so long without being able to properly groom herself. She knew her hair was a mess. It was sweaty, matted, and was in desperate need of shampoo and conditioner and a good combing and blow-dry. She imagined her make-up was also in disarray. Lipstick smeared from sucking on a baby bottle and then throwing up. Mascara smudged, perhaps streaking down her face, from all the crying she had done. Her blush and foundation were most likely gone from all the sweating. Kathleen wished she had a mirror, but, then again, what good would a mirror do if she had no make-up to fix her face with. And why was she so concerned about her appearance? No one was there to see her but her kidnapper. She was concerned about her appearance because it had been drummed into her head about the importance of appearance. Kathleen cared about her appearance because, if someone did bust down the green door and rescue her, she didn’t want to be seen not looking her best. Appearance is everything, her mother would often preach to her. No matter what. No matter how you felt, whether good or bad. No matter where you were. How a person looked and how they dressed said tons about what kind of person they were. Kathleen knew if her mother could see her now, she would be so disappointed in her daughter.
Sitting inside her prison, an all too familiar crutch hung over Kathleen’s head like a blow fly over rotting garbage. Thirst and all the complications that it brought. She was growing tired of constantly being thirsty. She realized because of her hypoglycemic ailment that she became thirsty quicker than the average person and, because of her condition, she always felt like she had a handicap. Of course, it wasn’t like missing a leg or being blind, but, when a person is the type who always strives for perfection, Kathleen had to sometimes admit she was flawed. She was restricted on eating and drinking certain things. She had to maintain an eating schedule or else she would suffer dizzy spells. She had to maintain a regular exercise regimen to keep the weight off her. Weighing too much could potentially cause her blood/sugar level to stay low. And her condition was getting worse every year. There was even talk about one day having to put Kathleen on medication. She never quite felt completely free. Bound by her affliction.
Kathleen was certain the temperature inside the old factory was hotter than it had been yesterday. Through the high windows, she saw nothing but blue skies. Inside the abandoned factory, the air was arid and still. Every breath Kathleen took felt as though the air itself was sucking what little moisture was left from her throat. Kathleen’s skin was oily from all the sweating she was doing and she could smell her own body odor. She felt repulsive. She felt like one of those homeless people she sometimes saw hanging around the interstate ramp holding a sign that stated they would work for food although Kathleen doubted that was the case. If those vagrants were willing to work, they would have money for food. It infuriated Kathleen to see people too lazy to work. It infuriated her even more to see people giving those vagrants money. Why would the vagrants need to get a job when people were ignorant enough to roll down their car windows and hand money out? Plus, those vagrant types always seem to bring the worse with them and then people complain about the crime in their town. It was Kathleen’s belief that if you don’t want wild, potentially dangerous animals to keep hanging around your town, stop feeding them.
Out of the corner of her eye, a motion caught Kathleen’s attention. She turned her head and saw a light green lizard crawling across the concrete floor just a few feet outside her cage. She watched with interest as the small reptile scurried across the dusty floor in search of small insects on which to dine on, intermediately stopping just long enough to bob its head up and down and puff out its bright orange dewlap just in case a potential mate was watching. The lizard carefully search through each small patch of greenery growing out of the cracks in the concrete floor, but it wasn’t having much luck finding anything to eat. Kathleen gave the hungry lizard a compassionate, understanding grin. She knew what it was like to be hungry and not have anything to eat. But at least the small reptile had an opportunity to find something to eat. It wasn’t trapped inside a cage. It still had its freedom. Kathleen found herself envying the lizard. She scoffed loudly. Being jealous of a lizard only accentuated how bad a situation she was in.
Kathleen watched the reptile with more interest than the average person would have given to the creature, unless that person was a herpetologist. Among everything else, Kathleen was also starved for entertainment. Her days were usually packed full of activities. She hardly ever stopped going. If she wasn’t sleeping, she was doing something. Going to school. Hanging out with her friends. Going to the gym. Going shopping. Sitting in a courtroom watching the theatrics of a trial. And when she did have a few minutes of free time, she was on her cell phone.
Kathleen ardently watched as the lizard continued to forge for insects, slowly inching closer and closer to her cage. When it eventually reached the four inch high edge of Kathleen’s cage, the lizard stopped momentarily before crawling up into the cage. It then cautiously started crawling across the metallic floor, realizing the ground it had been crawling over had changed.
As Kathleen watched the lizard cross the center of her cage, her stomach growled. She knew exactly what her stomach was thinking and it made her sick.
“Forget it! Even if I had the strength to chase after a lizard, even if I had the speed to catch a lizard, I’m not going to eat a lizard! We’re not that desperate yet.” She then stomped her foot hard on the cage floor. “Run boy! Run for your life.”
Startled, the lizard made a sharp ninety degree turn and ran out of the cage. It didn’t stop running until it found safety under one of the columns of wooden pallets. Kathleen grew sad. Her entertainment had fled. For some time, she continued to watch the place where the lizard had vanished into, but the reptile didn’t offer an encore performance.
As the day drug on, Kathleen’s need for liquid grew. As hard as she tried, she couldn’t concentrate on anything but her thirst. The side effects of dehydration didn’t make her task of trying not to think about how thirsty she was any easier. It was like trying to ignore a bumble bee buzzing in your ear. She wasn’t sure how much more of this she could take. She was trying so hard to stay strong, but it wasn’t getting her anywhere. She was beginning to believe her stubborn attempt to stay strong was going to eventually kill her. Wouldn’t it be easier to give in to her abductor? Wouldn’t it be easier to give him what he wanted?
“No!” Kathleen stated with assertiveness.
Just then, the green door opened.
“How are you doing, Princess?”
“What do you care?”
“Still feisty, I see.” The kidnapper walked up to the outside of the cage and stood next to Kathleen who was still sitting. He spoke softly, almost in a whisper, as though he didn’t want anyone but Kathleen to hear him. “Listen. You don’t look very well. You’re dehydrated and hungry. You’re dark around your eyes. You look weak. You don’t have to suffer like this. You have the power to end all of this. Why don’t you? Stop being so stubborn. End this.”
“End this? By having sex with you, right? Let me see if I have your proposal correct. I have sex with you and then you just let me go?”
Kathleen’s kidnapper nodded his head once.
“First of all, I don’t believe you’re going to just let me go. Secondly, and I can’t stress this enough, I would rather die than have sex with you.”
“Princess, I admire your tenacity, but you’re not going to win here. Things are just going to get tougher for you. Give in now and you can save yourself from a lot of misery.”
“Bring it!”
“I’m sorry you said that, Princess. Just remember, you asked for it. You could have taken the easy way out. Now you have to suffer even more.”
Kathleen’s kidnapper stepped back from the cage and began speaking in his normal volume. “It sure stinks around here. You’ve puked and pissed all over the place and I can smell you from here. I think it’s time we clean you up a bit.”
The kidnapper left, but returned after just a few minutes. He was dragging one end of a garden hose behind him with an oscillating sprinkler attached to it. The other end of the hose ran outside the green door. The kidnapper placed the sprinkler just a few feet outside of Kathleen’s cage and walked back outside the factory. After a few seconds, the garden hose swelled up and water began spraying from the sprinkler. Kathleen’s kidnapper returned to the sprinkler and began messing with its adjustment knob until he adjusted the spray of the sprinkler to where it only oscillated from the back of Kathleen’s cage to the front of the cage.
“Enjoy,” Kathleen’s captor said and left, closing the green door as much as he could without pinching the garden hose.
The cold water from the sprinkler spraying all over Kathleen was refreshing and highly welcomed by the thirsty girl. She got up on her knees, opened her mouth wide, and filled her mouth with water. She drank water this way until she couldn’t hold another drop. She was now completely soaked from head to toe and the old adage, “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade” entered her head. Kathleen stood up and began bathing herself. She scrubbed her face and body with her hands and then combed out her matted hair by raking her fingers through it. She was beginning to feel human again. She couldn’t understand why her abductor would have set the sprinkler up. This wasn’t making her suffer. It was reviving her. Kathleen laid on her back in the middle of her cage and enjoyed the cool, invigorating water from the sprinkler raining down on her. Her thirst was gone and the heat of the day was no longer a factor. What was her captor thinking?
An hour passed. It was now early afternoon and the day was still hot, yet Kathleen shivered. The shower of water that had been so revitalizing was now dropping Kathleen’s body temperature. She was getting cold and the freezing night was not yet upon her. This is what her kidnapper had in mind. This was how she was to suffer. Kathleen’s abductor was willing to give his prisoner a few moments of relief in exchange for a night of misery. Kathleen remembered how cold it had gotten the previous night, but she wasn’t drenched then like she was now. Dread filled Kathleen’s heart.
Kathleen stood up and tried to find a spot in her cage where the water did not reach, but her kidnapper had positioned the sprinkler perfectly. Kathleen couldn’t escape the relentlessness of the cold water. It fell upon every inch of her cage. She could do nothing but sit down in a tight ball and try to stay as warm as she could.
Water dripped from the strands of Kathleen’s hair. It dripped from her nose. It dripped from her earlobes. It dripped off her chin. It ran down her goose bump riddled skin and onto the metal floor of the cage where it slowly flowed through the cage bars and onto the concrete floor of the abandoned factory. There, the water pooled all around the cage. Over the next few hours, Kathleen watched as the pool surrounding her cage slowly expanded across the floor of the factory turning the dusty floor into a shallow lake. She imagined her lizard friend had fled, forced to find higher, dryer ground.
Another wave of uncontrollable shivers was cascading through Kathleen’s body when she noticed two doves, in her direct line of sight, fly onto the window frame of one of the high factory windows. The doves perched inside the glassless window and tucked their wings into their sides, their coos echoing throughout the quiet factory. Kathleen watched the two birds as they preened and aligned their feathers with their beaks in between fluffing out their feathers where their whole body would shake intensely in an attempt to remove dander, dust, and any small parasites that might be trapped between their feathers.
When they were finished, the two doves spread their wings, jumped from their perch, swooped down, and landed on top of a lone wooden pallet lying on the factory floor just a few yards from Kathleen’s cage. One of the doves cautiously walked to the edge of the pallet while the other stayed behind and watched. For a few seconds, the braver dove looked down at the water that surrounded the pallet, its head continuously darting in every direction, being very wary and keeping his eyes out for any potential danger or hungry predators. The dove then bent down and quickly dipped its beak into the water and then raised its head in the air and swallowed. It then took another drink. The other dove, seeing that no harm had come to its partner, moved to the edge of the pallet and began drinking as well. Kathleen grinned unselfishly. She was pleased that out of her discomfort, something was finding pleasure. That two innocent creatures were benefiting from her misery. That something good was coming out of her kidnapper’s evil ploy to make her suffer.
After getting their fill of water, the two doves flew across the factory and out of the window. Kathleen was sad to see them go. It took her mind off how cold she was. And she also didn’t feel so alone while the doves were there. She didn’t feel like the whole world had abandoned her and the only two living things left on the planet was her and her kidnapper…and a lizard.
Kathleen shivered again and was about to stand up and start moving around her cage to get some warm blood flowing through her body when she heard the cooing of the doves again. She looked up at the window and saw the two doves sitting back inside the window frame. And then in the window to the right of the doves, two more doves appeared. And to the right of them, two more. And then more. Before long, there were doves sitting inside eight of the factory windows. The first two doves flew down to the wooden pallet followed by the rest of the doves. All the birds moved to the edge of the pallet and began dipping their beaks into the water. Kathleen’s smile returned. She was surprised at how much joy watching birds drink water was bringing her and her eyes swelled up with tears. Maybe it was their absolute innocence or perhaps their peaceful freedom that made Kathleen so emotional. Whichever it was, Kathleen wished she was one of those doves. Not just because she was locked inside a cage and they weren’t. But because their life seemed so simple. So peaceful. So unhurried. A life to be envious of without the constant struggle to be perfect.
One of the doves found the courage to step down from the wooden pallet and into the water. The water level was only a couple inches deep, nevertheless, the dove began taking a bath, splashing its wings in the water, trying to get as much of its body wet as it could. Before long, the other doves joined in on the bathing. And then one by one they hopped back on top of the wooden pallet and began fluttering the excess water off their bodies splattering each other in the process causing the birds to have to continue to flutter, seemingly unaware why they weren’t getting dry. Kathleen chuckled at the comical birds.
Kathleen began to reminisce about the time she had a canary as a pet. She was ten and the canary’s name was Birdie. Birdie seldom made any noise. Hardly ever sang until one day Kathleen set Birdie and his bird cage outside on the back porch to get some fresh air. A couple of wild canaries landed in an oak tree growing next to the porch. Birdie spotted them and began singing louder than Kathleen had ever heard him sing. He started flapping his wings excitedly and jumping about his cage frantically trying to get the other canaries’ attention. But the wild birds just flew away leaving Birdie hanging on the side of his cage watching until the other canaries were out of sight. Birdie returned to the middle of his perch and never utter another sound. He stopped eating and drinking and his feathers started falling out. Then came the morning when Kathleen looked inside the cage and found Birdie dead on the bottom of his cage. Kathleen’s mother said Birdie had grieved himself to death. At the time, Kathleen was too young to understand what her mother meant, but now she knew all too well how Birdie was feeling.
Eventually, the doves were dry enough that they all flew away at the same time. All of the birds flew out the windows leaving Kathleen behind. She so wanted to fly off with the flock of doves, but she was trapped in her own cage just as Birdie had been. But Kathleen was determined to be stronger than Birdie was. Birdie gave up. She would not.
Another day was drawing to an end. Another day in a cage. The temperature was dropping as rapidly as the daylight was disappearing and Kathleen was soaked and freezing. The ruthless sprinkler continued to mercilessly pound her with cold water. It wasn’t only physically draining, but mentally draining as well. The time between Kathleen’s involuntary, whole-body shivers was lessening. Her teeth were chattering so hard, she feared she was going to chip them. Her hands and feet were wrinkled and began to ache due to all the water her skin was absorbing.
Kathleen laid over on her side in a fetal position in the middle of her water soaked cage in an attempt to conserve as much body heat as she could. She tucked her legs into her chest and tightly wrapped her arms around them. She laid in this position and watched the last of the light vanish from the old factory.
You have the power to end this. That’s what Kathleen’s kidnapper told her and those were the words that kept badgering Kathleen. A small voice inside Kathleen’s head was using those words against her.
“Kathleen, just call out to him and all this misery will end for us.”
“No. I can’t do that.”
“We can’t keep going on like this. It’s just going to get worse. You can make it stop. Call out to him.”
“I won’t. It would mean he won.”
“This isn’t about winners or losers. It’s about our life. It’s about all this suffering we don’t have to endure. Just call out to him.”
“I will not. I would rather die.”
“Are you really willing to die? I don’t think we’re that brave. Just do what he wants and it will be over. What’s the big deal?”
“You know what the big deal is. Besides, how do we know we can trust him? What if we give him what he wants and he doesn’t let us go? What if he plans on killing us afterwards? Think about it. Why would he let us go and risk being caught? He has to know we would go straight to the police.”
“We must take that chance. I don’t want to die. Call to him, Kathleen. Call to him now!”
“NOOO!” Kathleen screamed out loud. The small voice fell silent.
Kathleen was now shivering constantly. Her body ached from the coldness of the water. Her nose ran profusely, but she made no attempt to wipe it. Water ran into her ear, yet she made no endeavor to empty it. She didn’t want to move. She didn’t have the strength to move. Even when her bladder became full, she made no attempt to find a place to go. What was the use? She knew there was no place to relieve herself inside her prison. With no feeling of shame, Kathleen allowed her bladder to empty where she laid. She figured the constant shower of water would wash everything away.
Moonlight began pouring through the factory windows, shimmering off the surface of the water like millions of sparkling diamonds. It was so beautiful. So peaceful. So tranquil. Kathleen allowed her mind to drift away from her tortured body.
She began to think of her family and friends. They all meant so much to her, but she wondered if any of them knew it. Kathleen had never been the type to express her feelings. Nor did she feel comfortable when someone was expressing their feelings for her. She preferred that everyone keep their sentiments to themselves and just take each other’s love for granted. It was easier that way. Less sappiness. She supposed it was a characteristic she inherited from her father and later adopted by her mother.
Kathleen’s father wasn’t an affectionate father. He didn’t give out many hugs and kisses. He never expressed his feelings unless he was disappointed in someone. And he didn’t like someone being overly sentimental or what he referred to as sappiness. This included any form of physical contact while in public. A quick handshake was acceptable. At home, hugs were scarce and quick. Kisses were even rarer, limited to a quick peck on the forehead. Words of affections were nearly nonexistent. And this wasn’t only how he treated his children. Kathleen couldn’t ever remember witnessing her father and mother engaged in any form of affection in front of her. Sometimes she wondered how she and her brother ever came into existence. Yet, despite all this, somehow Kathleen knew her father loved her. She hoped her father knew she loved him too.
Kathleen’s mother was the affectionate one, at least she was before she changed. Kathleen could remember a time when her mother used to smother her with hugs and kisses. Back when Kathleen was a little girl. Kathleen recalled how she and her mother would sit in bed and talk about all that happened that day while her mother lovingly combed out her daughter’s hair. And then she would tuck her daughter into bed, kiss her on the cheek, and tell her how much she loved her. Kathleen’s only response would always be a simple smile. She couldn’t remember ever telling her mother she loved her. Not verbally. She just assumed her mother knew.
But then things changed with Kathleen’s mother. With the threat from the law firm that her husband could lose everything if his family didn’t adhere to the law firm’s strict code of conduct, Kathleen’s mother changed from a loving person to a strict dictator. Kathleen understood her mother had to change for the good of her family, but she didn’t understand why there wasn’t enough room in her mother’s life to be both an affectionate person and a warden of manners.
Kathleen then thought of her brother. Despite being raised under the iron hand of his mother and the callous heart of his father, Johnathan was surprisingly affectionate, especially when he was younger. He express his feelings freely and shamelessly. He told his family “I love you” every chance he got even though his family seldom returned his terms of affection. But, as he grew older, Johnathan did become less affectionate. But don’t all children become less affectionate when they become teenagers? At least that’s what Kathleen told herself. She hoped her mother’s constant badgering wasn’t breaking her brother’s spirit. A flower of caring without the warm light of tenderness can start to whither under the shadow of apathy.
Kathleen’s mind then drifted to thoughts of regret. She regretted not going to Disney World with her family. She regretted not knowing for certain if her family knew she loved them. She regretted how she treated people. She wasn’t always as nice as she could have been. Her father often told Kathleen she was better than everyone else, smarter than everyone else, prettier than everyone else and she took it to heart. She developed an air of arrogance at a young age that stuck with her. She felt superior than most of the people she met, especially if they were lower down on the financial totem pole than she was and she had an ugly habit of treating such people as subordinates. A part of her always felt bad afterwards when she belittled someone, but she couldn’t stop doing it, especially when she was around her friends. She enjoyed showing off in front of her friends and, if Kathleen was forced to admit the truth, it gave her a feeling of satisfaction when she was ridiculing someone. She knew in her heart it wasn’t right, but it was who she was. She felt it was her part in the stage play of life she was supposed to play in order to keep the universe in balance. For every nice person, there had to be a mean one. For every oppressor, there had to be ones who suffered. For every courageous person, there had to be a timid one. For every winner, there had to be a loser. For every antagonist, there had to be a victim.
But, still, sometimes when Kathleen was alone with her own thoughts, she regretted treating people as she did. She had been the catalyst that caused many an innocent girl to cry, especially when Kathleen played her part as the bully in middle school and high school. From defiling a young girl’s face with a black magic marker simply because the girl wore pigtails to school to bashing a virtuous girl’s reputation by convincing the whole school she was sleeping with the principal just because the girl was competing against Kathleen for head cheerleader. Kathleen played her role with ferociousness. Her reputation proceeded her as she walked down the hallways of her school, everyone hoping not to catch her attention, not wanting to be her next victim. Kathleen lavished the power she had, but it was a lonely position. She had a small band of “friends” who were part of her gang, but she often wondered if they were actually her friends or if they merely stayed by her side to keep from being caught in her line of fire.
Once Kathleen started attending college, her juvenile bullying ceased, at least the physical part of it. She still engaged in belittling and chastising a person when the opportunity arose and she surrounded herself with friends who enjoyed looking down their noses at the common folks and appreciated engaging in some berating. Like the young waitress they berated a few nights back. Kathleen should have felt sympathy for the waitress when the shy girl broke down and started crying, but she didn’t. Instead, Kathleen was appalled by the girl’s weakness and was unsympathetic at how easily the girl was brought to tears. In Kathleen’s mind, all her victims needed to be tormented. How else were they going to grow a backbone?
But as Kathleen laid on the floor of her prison, curled up in a tight ball, shivering uncontrollably, she couldn’t help but admit that she had become the one thing she swore she would never become. She was a victim. She could no longer deny it. A victim of circumstance, she told herself. In the wrong place at the wrong time. She was finding it difficult to stay strong. She felt as if she was losing pieces of herself the longer she stayed locked up in her cage. Pieces of herself that kept her tenacious, tough, and unyielding. Those pieces seemed to be slowing dissolving and flowing out of her cage, out of reach, and disappearing into the darkness. She wanted desperately to hold on to those pieces, but she was losing her will to stay strong. She was losing her will to even try.
Trying to curl herself into an even tighter ball while allowing her mind to entertain the notion that death would be a welcomed alternative to the suffering she was currently enduring, Kathleen felt the water from the merciless sprinkler stop. She felt instant relief. Not much, but any little amount of relief was spirit-lifting. She laid in the middle of her cage the rest of the night praying the sprinkler would stay off and, somehow, she fell asleep.

CHAPTER SIX

The next morning, Kathleen was caught somewhere between a state of dreaming and a state of consciousness. She tried to open her eyes, but was too lethargic to do so. An attempt to raise her head initiated a violent vortex spinning wildly inside her head. She was freezing yet burning up at the same time. Shivering and sweating. Every joint in her body ached severely. Every muscle in her body hurt. She was finding it hard to concentrate. She couldn’t remember where she was, but she knew she wasn’t in her bed. The surface she was laying on was much too hard. 
As Kathleen was fighting to wake up, she heard a low, almost inaudible sound, but she couldn’t tell where it was coming from. She listened intensely. The sound was close. It was the sound of pain. Soft moans of suffering. Someone was in pain. They needed help. Why wouldn’t someone help them? Make them stop. They sounded so pitiful. Kathleen wanted to cover her ears, block out the cries of misery, but, like her eyes, her arms refused to obey her mental command to move to her ears. So Kathleen was forced to listen to the moans. And then, in a quick flash of clarity, she realized where the moans were coming from. She knew who was sounding so pitiful. Filled with shame, Kathleen realized it was her.
While in her state of fever induced confusion, Kathleen unexpectedly felt a hand on her forehead. The shock of someone touching her fully awakened her, but she was too weak to pull away or open her eyes. The hand on her forehead felt cold against her feverish skin.
“You’re burning up.” It was her kidnapper speaking in a low voice. “You don’t look good. You’ve got a high fever. Why don’t you do you a favor and just end this? Stop being so stubborn, Princess. End this now.”
“No.”
“How much longer do you think you can last? For being a rich, spoiled girl, you’re a tough one. You’ve proven that, but aren’t you tired? Don’t you want all this to end? Give up, Princess.”
“No.”
“Why not? Suddenly you have morals? Why are you acting so virtuous? It’s not like you can lose something you’ve already given away. What I request of you shouldn’t be any problem for a girl like you. End this!”
“No!”
“Why?”
“Because!”
“Because why?”
“Because I’m a virgin!” Kathleen snapped with tear-filled eyes. “And I don’t want my first time to be with someone like you!”
Kathleen rolled over in a fetal position and sobbed softly. She heard her kidnapper walk away and close the green door behind him. Kathleen felt embarrassed. She had just revealed a secret to her kidnapper that her own friends didn’t know about her. Because all her friends were experienced when it came to sex, Kathleen feared she would be ridiculed if they knew she was still a virgin. She had plenty of opportunities to engage in coitus over the years, but had restrained. Kathleen strived for perfection and, in her mind, the perfect gift she could ever give to her future husband would be her virginity. Unfortunately, her kidnapper was asking for her future husband’s gift. Kathleen cried herself to sleep.
An hour later, Kathleen was awaken again with another hand on her forehead. She struggled to open her eyes, but they remained closed. Her head was still spinning like a top. At first, Kathleen assumed the hand on her forehead was her kidnapper’s, but this hand was smooth. It wasn’t a man’s hand. It belonged to a female. Mommy? No. How could Kathleen’s mother be there with her? She was in Florida. Then who? With a lot of effort, Kathleen managed to crack her eyes open just a little, but everything was blurry. Her eyes would not focus. She could see that someone had been standing just outside her cage, but now that someone was moving away. Out the green door. Then Kathleen heard two people arguing on the other side of the green door. A male voice, her kidnapper’s, and a female voice. Kathleen was surprised to learn that one of her kidnappers was a female. Kathleen listened intensely to their argument, but she could not make out what they were saying. Although, she suspected it was about her.
Kathleen heard the green door open. She heard heavy footsteps coming toward her cage. Then she heard her cage door being unlocked. The cage door squealed against its hinges. Panic filled Kathleen. Why was her kidnapper coming into her cage? He promised not to touch her without her consent. Did he lie to her? Was he breaking his promise? Kathleen tensed her body in preparation of potentially being violated, but she kept her eyes closed and pretended she was sleeping. Maybe he would go away.
“Roll over to your right, Princess,” her kidnapper ordered Kathleen.
Kathleen didn’t move.
“I know you’re awake. Now, roll over.”
Kathleen opened her eyes, but she was still having trouble focusing. “What are you going to do to me?”
“Just roll over.”
Kathleen did as she was told. She rolled over to her right and was surprised when she rolled onto a blanket her kidnapper had laid on the floor next to her. Her fears intensified. What was his intentions? Was the blanket to make her more comfortable or her kidnapper? Not like this, she pleaded silently. Not like this. Her kidnapper then covered Kathleen with another blanket. Relief instantly came over Kathleen. Her fears were put to rest.
“Try to sit up for me for a second.”
Kathleen raised up. Her head twirled vehemently and she had to brace herself with her hands on the floor. She strained to focus her eyes. The man in the hockey mask was kneeling on one knee beside her.
“Here. Drink this.” The kidnapper held up a small plastic cup for Kathleen to see. “It’s for your fever. It’s extremely powerful medicine and, I warn you, it’s going to make you very loopy. You might even start seeing things that aren’t there, but I guarantee it will knock the fever out of you.” The kidnapper held the cup to Kathleen’s lips and she obediently drank the rancid medicine. “Now lay back down. This stuff is going to kick your butt.”
Kathleen laid back down on the blanket and pulled the other blanket up to her neck while her kidnapper left her cage and walked out the green door. This was the most comfortable Kathleen had been since being imprisoned, but she was baffled at the reason why her kidnapper was showing her compassion. If his goal was to make Kathleen suffer, why was he showing her mercy? Perhaps Kathleen was sicker than she realized and her kidnapper didn’t want her to die. That thought gave Kathleen a bit of comfort, but for just a second. Was her kidnapper actually worried she would die or was it that he didn’t want her to die before he got what he wanted? Earlier, Kathleen had heard her kidnappers arguing and she presumed the argument was probably over whether to give her the blankets or not. Over whether to show her mercy or allow her to continue to suffer. She couldn’t help but wonder if the man in the hockey mask had won his argument or had lost his argument. Was he the humane one or the merciless one? Kathleen’s head hurt too much to contemplate any longer over why she was being shown compassion. She snuggled in her blanket and passed out.
Several hours later, as Kathleen struggled to wake up, she felt as though she was stuck somewhere between the world of dreams and the twilight of consciousness. Her entire body felt numb, like she was in a peaceful intoxication. She had the sensation that her body was floating like a feather on a tranquil updraft. She would have been certain that she was dreaming if it wasn’t for the fact that she was much too aware. Too aware of her surroundings. Much too in control of her thoughts to be dreaming. She was conscious enough to know that if she opened her eyes, she would still be inside her cage. So she kept her eyes closed, enjoying the serene state she found herself in.
Suddenly, Kathleen felt a presence. She felt like someone was watching her. She could feel someone’s eyes on her. She assumed it was her kidnapper and it was making her uncomfortable. She also grew perturbed that he was ruining her placid state of mind. With an annoyed sigh, Kathleen opened her eyes and found herself laying on her back looking up at where the ceiling of her cage should have been, but it wasn’t there. All she saw was black sky and millions of glimmering stars as if she was outside at night, but she knew she couldn’t be. She knew she wasn’t dreaming, yet, if this was real and she was outside at night all alone, she should have been terrified, but she wasn’t. So, if this wasn’t a dream, she had to be hallucinating. An apparent side effect of the medicine her kidnapper had given her.
Kathleen could see that she was still surrounded by her cage bars, bars that rose high into the night sky, so high that Kathleen could not see where they ended. She turned her head to the right, looking through the cage bars, and saw only a sea of dark ocean. The black waters of the ocean were relatively calm, only small bobbing waves, the crescent of each wave sparkling, reflecting the light of an abnormally huge moon that hung low in the sky. Kathleen remained relatively calm despite the fact she was outside alone at night floating around in a cage in the middle of an ocean. Knowing that what she was seeing wasn’t real undermined any fear of the night she would have normally possessed.
The feeling someone was watching her was still strong with Kathleen. She looked toward where the green door was supposed to be, but she saw only glimmering water. She then looked to her left and nearly jumped out of her skin at what she saw. Standing in the far corner of Kathleen’s cage was a girl…a girl Kathleen recognized…the waitress from Sam’s Bar and Grill…the one Kathleen had made cry…Josephine.
At first, Kathleen was filled with fear and confusion, but the peaceful, angelic look in Josephine’s eyes quickly put Kathleen at ease. Kathleen sat up, but didn’t take her eyes off Josephine’s eyes. Those eyes were so captivating, almost hypnotic. Kathleen didn’t remember the young waitress’s eyes being so mesmerizing, but, then again, she couldn’t recall actually ever making eye contact with Josephine when she and her friends were belittling the young girl. That evening, at the bar and grill, Kathleen had felt dominant over Josephine, superior over the one who was serving her, but now, for reasons she didn’t understand, she felt inferior, almost submissive in Josephine’s presence. Kathleen also felt extremely nervous like the first time she was called into the principal’s office for punching a classmate in the eye because she refused to give up her window seat on the school bus to Kathleen.
“How did…what…what are you doing here?” Kathleen asked, stumbling over her own thoughts.
“Why do you think I’m here?” Josephine asked in a celestial voice that sounded otherworldly. Kathleen remembered the young waitress’s voice being soft and timid. Now it was full of confidence and authority.
“I have no clue why you’re here. But I do know there’s no way you could actually be here and I’m almost certain that I’m not dreaming. Am I losing my mind?”
“No, Kathleen. You’re not losing your mind.”
“Are you real?”
“I’m as real as you want me to be.”
“What is that supposed to mean? You’re either real or you’re not.”
“It’s never that simple.”
Kathleen managed to pry her gaze from Josephine’s eyes and began to visually examine the waitress to gather information that might tell Kathleen what was happening. It was something she was taught to do by her father when Kathleen asked him what makes a good lawyer. When assessing someone, observe with your eyes, her father had instructed Kathleen. Pay attention to the details. A lot of times, the details you observe will tell you more about the person than the person actually will.
Kathleen first examined the young waitress’s face. Her face was illuminated more than it should have been by the small amount of light the moon was shining into the cage. Josephine’s face was one of compassion and kindness. She showed no signs of ill will toward Kathleen that Kathleen had expected to see. Josephine’s hair was being slightly blown about upon a breeze that Kathleen could not feel, adding to the waitress’s already heavenly appearance. Josephine was wearing a shiny white simple gown that flowed to the floor of the cage concealing her feet. Josephine’s arms hung down in front of her and her hands were crossed. But what immediately grabbed Kathleen’s attention, dominantly highlighted against the pure white of Josephine’s gown like a red rose in the snow, was a fresh blood stain that ran from Josephine’s crossed hands, down the front of her gown, and gathered around the hem of the gown.
“You’re bleeding! What happened to you?” Kathleen asked.
Josephine lifted her hands up and showed Kathleen her wrists. Both her wrists had been deeply slashed.
“What did you do? Did you cut your own wrists?”
For a split second, Josephine’s face showed shame.
“Are you…dead? Are you a ghost? Are you an angel?” Kathleen couldn’t believe she had asked such questions. She didn’t believed in ghosts or angels. She suspected that Josephine was just a fabrication of her medicated mind, yet she found herself unable, or unwilling, to stop having a conversation with this apparition.
“I’m whatever you want me to be.” Josephine said.
“Why did you do that to yourself?”
“The world was so mean. Life was so cruel. People were so heartless. So merciless. Without compassion. There was no kindness. I could no longer handle being life’s punching bag.”
“So you killed yourself,” Kathleen stated with disgust. “Life got tough for you and you took the easy way out. The coward’s way.”
“What makes you feel suicide is easy? Have you ever attempted it?”
“Of course not.”
“Then, how can you say it’s the easy way out?”
“Because, life is tough. It is for most, but we don’t all go around killing ourselves. Life knocks us down, but we get back up and brush the dust off. We keep treading forward. We keep living. We keep living for ourselves and for our loved ones. I’m sure when you did what you did, someone was heartbroken. Someone missed you. Someone didn’t understand why you did it. Someone was angry with you because you didn’t have the backbone to endure life.”
“There was no one to miss me.”
“No one? Are you telling me you had no one? No one in your life? What about your parents? You didn’t have any siblings? Any friends? Any family? Grandparents? Cousins? Come on! You had to have someone. Everyone has someone.”
“I didn’t. But you could have been that someone I lived for. You could have been a friend. You could have been the one reason I stayed in this world.”
“You’re blaming me for your suicide?”
“No. I’m not blaming anyone. I did this. I did this to myself. I’m just pointing out how something as simple as kindness shown to a stranger could change that person’s whole attitude toward life. A simple act of compassion. A simple act of friendship can make a world of difference to someone struggling to keep their head above water.”
“And because I was mean to you, you slit your wrists? It sure sounds like you’re trying to blame me. But it’s not my fault you’re so weak…or were so weak. Life isn’t always a bowl of cherries. Sometimes it’s a bowl of black licorice. You just have to deal with it. You can’t be so fragile.”
“Why are you so judgmental? Why are you so harsh? You don’t know a thing about me, nor have you even asked. How can you judge me when you haven’t even walked a single footstep in my shoes? How can you be so uncaring?”
“You don’t deserve my sympathy or my pity. Not after what you did. You crossed the line to where you no longer deserve anyone’s pity.”
“I’m not asking for your pity. I’m asking for your understanding. Aren’t you even curious?”
“Okay, fine. What was so terrible in your life that you couldn’t go on living any longer? What was so horrible that you couldn’t take it anymore? Tell me. I’m listening.”
“I have felt the cold breath of Death on the back of my neck throughout my entire life. Death has been a steadfast fixture in my life from the time I was an innocent little girl. My parents were both only children and they had each lost their parents before I was born. I never saw my grandparents, but in pictures. When I was at the tender age of six, my little one year old sister died in her crib. SIDS the doctors called it. When I turned ten, my father died of an aneurysm. We were all sitting at the dining room table eating dinner when my father suddenly dropped dead in his mashed potatoes. For my sixteenth birthday, Death took my older brother from me. My brother had made a special trip to the mall to get me this watch I had wanted. On the way home, he was hit head-on by a cement truck. They said my brother died instantly, like knowing that was supposed to make everyone feel better. The watch he bought me was found in the wreckage still wrapped up in birthday paper. It turned out my brother had picked out the wrong watch. The one he bought me was an ugly green watch, but I wore it every day. For the last three years of my life, I watched helplessly as cancer slowly took my mother from me. And then I was alone.”
“Didn’t you have any friends?”
“Because of all the tragedy in my life, I was always very shy and timid. I became an introvert of sorts and that made me an outcast. The butt of everyone’s jokes. I also choose to stay away from everyone because I actually thought I may be the cause of everyone dying around me. That maybe I was somehow cursed. I know it’s crazy to think like that, but that’s how I felt and I feared if anyone got close to me or became my friend, Death would take them from me too. So I didn’t even try to make friends. I couldn’t handle anyone else dying around me.”
“When did you lose your mother?”
“Three months ago. After she passed, I became extremely depressed, but I was trying to go on with my life, as empty as it was. But I was losing the will to keep fighting though the depression. I was in such a fragile state the night I waited on you and your friends.”
“Well, how was I supposed to know? I’m so far from being a fragile person that it’s not a concept that I can understand. I’m tough and I surround myself with strong people. I detest weakness.”
“I’m weak in your eyes?”
“Yes. I hate to be so frank, but I do consider you weak.”
“Even after knowing everything you know about me now? There’s still not even a small speck of understanding?”
“Your life sucked. I’ll give you that, but opting out of life is never the answer. There’s always something to live for even if it’s only for yourself. Everything that you could have been in life will never be. You could have taken all the bad stuff you’ve gone through and used it to become a stronger person. You didn’t have to give up.”
“Perhaps you’re right. But what is done is done. I can’t undo it. Even if I wanted to. I’m at peace with what I did.”
“I still don’t understand why you’re here. Are you here to help me?”
“Are you asking for help? That doesn’t seem like you. Not someone as strong as you. You must be desperate asking me for help.”
“I’m trying so hard to stay strong, but this is more than anyone could expect to endure. You would have to be an exceptional person not to cave in a situation like this. I just want to know why this is happening to me. Why me? What did I do to deserve this?” Kathleen had to fight back her tears.
“You’re asking why bad things happen to bad people? I would guess…justice.”
“I’m not a bad person.”
“Aren’t you?”
“No. I might be hard and express my opinion freely, but how is that bad? I shed light on a person’s weakness, thus allowing them to become a better person. I show them where their weakness lies so that they may improve themselves. My mother has done it for me over the years and I’m glad that she did. I wouldn’t be the person I am today if it wasn’t for her.”
“So, you’re doing people a favor by being nasty to them?
“I am. Everyone becomes stronger after dealing with me.”
“I didn’t. I could have used a kind word. I could have used some compassion, some encouragement, but all I received from you was chastisement. I don’t see how your maliciousness helped me.” Josephine showed her wrists again. “I don’t see how it made my situation better.”
“Well, maybe not yours, but I’m sure I’ve helped others become better people.”
“How do you know? You don’t really know, do you? I don’t think you really care. You’re trying to justify being a mean person. Your criticism of people isn’t righteousness.”
“I am who I am. This is the person I am. I can’t change.”
“Or you don’t want to change.”
“I don’t see anything wrong with me.”
“I don’t suppose you would.”
“Is that why you’re here? To judge me?”
“I’m not judging you. I’m just pointing out a few things you could change to become a more hospitable person. I’m just showing you how your words can be damaging. That there are consequences for how you treat people even if you never see the results of your meanness. Not everyone walks away a better person after a run end with you. Sometimes, you’re like a mac truck plowing through a residential neighborhood, not caring who you smash into. Not ever looking back to see what damage you have caused.”
“Okay. I think we have established that I’m not a nice person. Fine. But did I deserve to be kidnapped and made to suffer like this?”
“No. You did not. No one deserves this.”
“How do I get out of this? I’m asking for your help. Please tell me.”
“You must realize that it’s okay to show weakness sometimes. Stop being so strong.”
“What does that mean?”
Suddenly, the black waters around Kathleen’s cage began to swell. The ocean was growing rough and dark clouds began to drift in front of the moon blocking out most of its light. The gentle breeze around Josephine was growing stronger.
Josephine looked warily across the dark ocean. “I’ve got to go,” she announced. She then looked back at Kathleen. “You sleep now and remember, even the mighty oak will bend when the storm gets too strong. Stop trying to be so strong.”
Kathleen’s eyes grew very heavy and she couldn’t hold them open any longer no matter how hard she tried. She grew intensely sleepy. She laid down in her blanket and fell asleep.
When Kathleen woke, it was dark inside the abandoned factory and everything was back to normal. The ceiling of her cage had returned. Kathleen immediately looked around her cage for Josephine, but the young waitress was nowhere to be seen. Kathleen didn’t really expect her to be. A heavy loneliness settled over Kathleen. She was alone again. She looked through her cage bars. The ocean was also gone. Of course, she realized it had never been there. It was simply a figment of her mind’s imagination. Likely a side effect from the medicine her kidnapper had given her. Kathleen then realized that her fever had broken. She was feeling better.
Kathleen began to mull over the meeting she had with Josephine. Had Josephine really been there or had Kathleen simply been talking to herself? Did the young waitress actually commit suicide or was she still alive and waiting tables? If it was all just a hallucination, why did Kathleen’s mind choose to have a conversation with a waitress? Why not her mother or her father? Why not someone she knew? Why not one of her friends? Why a stranger? Perhaps a stranger was the only one who would truly be honest with Kathleen. A stranger would have no reason to stroke Kathleen’s ego as her friends did. A stranger had no reason to tell Kathleen she was better than everyone else as her father did. A stranger had no reason to expect perfection from Kathleen as her mother did. A stranger was free to tell it like it was without bias.
Josephine had told Kathleen that she was a mean person, something that Kathleen had already realized early in life, but Josephine was the first to make Kathleen feel bad about it. For the first time in her life, Kathleen began to wonder how many people she had hurt in the past by being who she was. How many people had she hurt beyond repair? How many people had she hurt who weren’t strong enough to take Kathleen’s harsh criticism? Did they all really deserve the cold dish Kathleen often served to the ones she considered weak? And why did Kathleen feel it was her place in life to point out the weakness in others? Maybe she was just mimicking what she was receiving at home from her mother. Even though her mother drove her crazy with her constant critiques of her daughter, Kathleen had always felt it was for her own good. That it made her a better person. Now, she wasn’t so sure. She had always strived to be perfect. She had thought she was, but did being perfect include things like compassion, empathy, and kindness? Kathleen began to think that it might. She began to think she had been wrong. It was a feeling she wasn’t comfortable with.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Kathleen woke the next morning to the unmistakable aroma of food cooking. Someone was cooking up breakfast just on the other side of the green door. Kathleen could smell the distinct scent of bacon frying. She normally didn’t care much for bacon, but, this morning, the smell of the cured meat was driving her nearly insane with a nearly animalistic craving for the fatty meat. Her mouth was salivating heavily despite being so thirsty. The glands in the back of her throat ached for the taste of food. Her stomach growled hard and emphatically. She was starved. She wanted to eat. She needed to eat. She wondered if perhaps the compassion her kidnapper had shown when she had a fever would continue with an offering of food. Kathleen didn’t have to wait long for the answer. The green door opened. Her kidnapper walked in with a heaping plateful of bacon and scrambled eggs. He walked up to Kathleen’s cage so she could get a good smell of the delectable dish. Kathleen saw that the scrambled eggs were covered with ketchup, just how she liked them. Was it a coincidence her kidnapper had prepared the eggs just like Kathleen prepared hers? No, Kathleen answered herself. How she liked her eggs, how she liked everything in her life, was posted on social media for everyone to see.
“You’re looking better, Princess. You must be feeling better.”
Kathleen nodded her head while keeping her eyes on the plate of food.
“I bet you’re starving.”
Kathleen nodded her head again and swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
“Oh, before I forget, I need those blankets back.”
Kathleen handed her kidnapper the two blankets.
“Now, do you want to eat?”
“Yes, please.”
“Then you know what you have to do. Are you ready to end this?”
Kathleen immediately became disheartened. The kidnapper’s compassion was no more and she realized she wasn’t going to get to eat. She didn’t say a word. She just turned around, walked to the far corner of her cage, and sat down with a resolute look given toward her kidnapper, letting him know she had made her decision.
“Fine. But you can’t go without eating forever. Sooner or later you’ll give me what I want. I’m a patient guy. I can wait for as long as it takes.”
As her kidnapper walked out the green door, Kathleen’s stomach began to cramp violently and growl loudly, protesting her decision not to eat. Kathleen felt nauseated as her stomach screamed at her defiantly. It demanded substance and it was determined to make Kathleen suffer until it got what it wanted. Her stomach churned and convulsed and felt like it had a fire burning out of control inside, but Kathleen refused to let her stomach intimidate her. She was ruler of her own body. She was in control.
It took a few hours, but Kathleen’s stomach eventually settled down, quietly sulking in its defeat. Kathleen looked around her cage, a cage that was seemingly getting smaller. The cage bars were closing in around her. The cage ceiling looked lower than it was the day before. A strong feeling of claustrophobia began to overwhelm her and she had to quickly stand up and start pacing around the inside of her cage. She needed to get out. She needed to run. Run as fast as she could. Run until she couldn’t run any more. She needed to feel a breeze in her face, the sun on her skin. In a desperate and futile attempt, she tried to squeeze her body through the cage bars, but was stopped by her shoulder. The space between the cage bars was just too narrow. She began pacing back and forth again and was suddenly hit with the image of a lion inside his cage she saw at a zoo she had visited years ago. The distressed lion had also been pacing back and forth inside its cage just as Kathleen was doing inside of hers. She now knew exactly what that lion was feeling, what he was longing for…freedom.
A frustration wailed up in Kathleen. A frustration with herself for allowing herself to be locked up like an animal. A frustration with her captor for locking her up. Even a frustration for the abandoned factory for providing a place where her kidnapper could hide her. This inanimate factory seemed to delight in the fact it was chosen to conceal Kathleen’s presence. Its windows watched her day and night like an ever-present sentinel. Its walls surrounded her with a suffocating hold. Its bowed rafters smiled down on her from the ceiling with a sinister grin. Kathleen could taste its smug air on the tip of her tongue. She glared at the green door and her frustration began to boil. She took ahold of the cage bars and began rattling her cage as hard as she could. She then started screaming.
“Let me out of here! Do you hear me? Let me out, now! I want to go home! I just want to go home!” Kathleen slid down the cage bars and onto her knees. She began to cry softly. “I just want to go home. I can’t take this anymore. Just let me go home.”
After Kathleen stopped crying, she began to think about the conversation she had with Josephine. The question of whether Josephine was actually inside Kathleen’s cage, if the young waitress was a ghost or simply a figment of Kathleen’s imagination, wasn’t really the issue. What was plaguing Kathleen, and had been ever since the encounter with Josephine, is that she was now questioning the way she handled people. The way she treated people. She had always felt she was doing a person a favor by pointing out their flaws or their shortcomings, but now she wasn’t so sure if such directness was right. If Josephine did slit her own wrists because of how she was treated, then Kathleen felt a sense of both guilt and failure. That wasn’t the outcome Kathleen would have wanted for the young waitress. Suicide wasn’t the outcome she wanted for anyone. She expected Josephine to take her criticism, learn from it, and use it to become a stronger person. Strong love is what some people call it. It was the kind of love her mother showed to Kathleen and Kathleen knew it worked for her, but perhaps it didn’t work for everyone. Maybe some people are just too fragile to be pushed.
Kathleen began to wonder if her treatment of other people in the past had resulted in making someone’s life worse rather than better. Could it be that she had pushed someone else hard enough to make them want to commit suicide? Had she pushed anyone beyond their limits? It was a question that had never entered Kathleen’s mind before. Maybe her self-appointed mission in life to turn the weak into the strong wasn’t hers to undertake. Maybe she wasn’t qualified to attempt to change a person she felt needed to be changed. Perhaps it took a tenderer and more compassionate approach than Kathleen knew how to give. Maybe, Kathleen thought, she should leave her life-bettering mission of others to the experts. Being the reason someone killed themselves would be more of a burden than Kathleen wanted to bear.
Kathleen heard the green door open. The second the door opened, Kathleen was bombarded with the sweet aroma of more food. Eggplant parmesan to be exact; her favorite food. Of course her kidnapper would tempt her with her favorite foods. What better way to get what he wanted from Kathleen. Kathleen was regretting ever publishing so much of her personal information on social media for everyone to see. But who would have thought something as innocent as posting her favorite food on-line could have ever been used against her.
Kathleen’s kidnapper walked up to her cage carrying a plate full of the steaming hot, delectable Italian dish. Kathleen’s stomach immediately began to growl urgently and her saliva glands flooded the inside of her mouth. The food smelled better than anything she could ever remember smelling. And she desired nothing more than to sink her teeth into the delicious cuisine.
“It taste as good as it smells,” her kidnapper said. “I can assure you of that. Don’t you want a bite? I know you’re starving.”
Kathleen turned her back to her abductor. Turned her back to the plate of eggplant parmesan she so desired. She didn’t want her kidnapper to see in her eyes how much she desired and needed his offering. She didn’t want him to see her hands trembling with weakness as her whole body begged Kathleen to accept the food. She didn’t want him to see how she had to constantly swallow to keep from drooling because of the heavenly smell entering her nose. She didn’t want him to see how close she was to surrendering.
“Suit yourself,” her kidnapper said, “, but I’m not sure if I’ll be returning today. I might not be back until sometime tomorrow. Who knows if I’ll have more food with me or not.”
Kathleen heard her kidnapper’s footsteps walking away. Her stomach immediately began to cramp, purposefully punishing Kathleen for turning down nourishment. Her whole body suddenly felt heavy, almost too heavy to hold up, as it threatened to shut down. Her legs buckled, forewarning her that they too would refuse to keep supporting her if she did not feed them. Only her mind knew what was at stake if she accepted her kidnapper’s offering, but her body’s demands were drowning out any apprehension her mind was feeling. She could no longer fight it. She no longer had the strength. She barely had the strength to fight back her tears as she realized what she had to do.
“Wait,” she said in an almost inaudible voice.
“Did you say something?” her kidnapper asked as he stopped just before walking out the green door.
“Wait,” Kathleen said a little louder.
Her kidnapper turned around and set the plate of food down on a short stack of wooden pallets next to the green door. He left the door open and approached Kathleen’s cage.
“Wait?” Her kidnapper asked.
Kathleen turned around to face her abductor. She had lost the fight with her tears and they were rolling down her face. “You win.”
“It’s about time.” Kathleen’s kidnapper went to the cage door, unlocked it, opened the door, and then stepped back several feet from the cage.
Kathleen was hesitant at first, not sure what her kidnapper expected her to do. He wasn’t giving her any instructions. He was being strangely silent. Kathleen made the assumption that he was waiting for her to exit her cage so she slowly and cautiously stepped outside. She stood next to the cage and faced her kidnapper, fumbling with her arms, not sure what to do with them while she waiting for instructions from her abductor, but he remained silent. The awkwardness was nearly unbearable standing submissively in front of this stranger like an object on display. Kathleen wished her kidnapper would say something, but he just stood there, peering through the eye holes of his expressionless hockey mask. Waiting. Waiting for what? Waiting for her, Kathleen assumed. Waiting for her to give him what he wanted. He made a promise not to touch her without her consent. He was now patiently waiting for that consent.
With her heart racing, Kathleen breathed out a long, nervous breath and, with shaking hands, she reached behind her back to undo the hook that held her bra together.
“What are you doing?” her kidnapper asked.
Kathleen stopped trying to unhook her bra and she looked at her abductor with a puzzled stare on her face. She was doing what she was told she had to do. She thought she understood what her kidnapper wanted, but now she was confused.
“You’re out of your cage. I’m a good fifteen…twenty feet away from you. I know you can see that the exit door to your left is hanging open. And I’m sure you’ve noticed by now that the rear exit door to your right is hanging open. That door doesn’t even have a doorknob on it, yet you didn’t try to run. You could have made a dash for either door the second you stepped out of your cage, but you didn’t. You didn’t try to escape. Why?”
Kathleen looked at the green door. It was indeed opened wide. She then looked at the red door, which she already knew was hanging open. Why had she not bolted as soon as her cage door was opened? Why had she not tried to escape? As she stepped out of her cage, the thought hadn’t even entered her mind. Why? All she had been wanting to do since she first woke up inside her prison was to escape. Why had she not seized the opportunity to do so? The puzzled look on her face intensified. What was wrong with her?
“I’ll tell you why you didn’t try to escape.” Kathleen’s other kidnapper, the female one, said as she walked through the green door. Kathleen immediately recognized her, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on where she had seen this woman before. It wasn’t until the man in the hockey mask revealed himself that Kathleen knew who they were. With her two abductors standing side by side, Kathleen recalled who they were and where she had seen them before. She had seen them on T.V. They were the parents of Amber Lynn. Bubba James and Stacy James.
“You didn’t try to escape because you’ve been broken,” Stacy said in a menacing and hostile tone. “Just like we used to break wild stallions back home. Your spirit has been broken. Even your will to escape has been smashed.”
“I don’t understand what’s going on,” Kathleen said. “Why are you doing this to me?”
“You want to know why?” Stacy asked through angry and clenched teeth. “I’ll tell you why. That night you and your friends were celebrating your birthday, Bubba and I were sitting in a booth directly behind you. We heard every mean, horrible thing you said about our sweet Amber Lynn. You called her weak. You called her stupid. You called her ugly. You had the audacity to say that our little girl was so desperate for affection that she wanted that monster to touch her. You called us bad parents and basically said we were the reason Amber Lynn was taken. You accused us of not loving our daughter.” Stacy stepped up closer to Kathleen, waving a threatening finger in Kathleen’s face. “How dare you! How dare you talk about my little girl like that? You don’t know what she had to endure! You have no idea what that monster did to her! We love our daughter more than anything. Amber Lynn is the strongest person we know! You are the weak one! You! I only wish you hadn’t given up so quickly! There was so much more suffering I wanted you to endure. I wanted to give you just a taste of what my little girl had to go through! But you were too weak! You gave up. You robbed me of the satisfaction of seeing you squirming to the brink of your sanity; to see you struggling to hold onto your own identity; to see the light of your soul dim into nothing more than a flicker. That is why you were brought here. So you could know my daughter’s pain.”
“That’s enough Stacy,” Bubba said to his wife. “You got what you wanted. You got your revenge. Now, go wait in the van.”
“But those things she said about Amber Lynn,” Stacy’s eyes were red with angry tears. “This little spoiled girl hasn’t suffered enough!”
“Yes she has,” Bubba said with more assertiveness. “She is not the one who took Amber Lynn. She doesn’t deserve your full wraith. She has been punished enough. This is over. Go wait in the van, now!”
With one last huff of anger, Stacy reluctantly turned around and walked out the green door.
“This whole thing wasn’t your idea, was it?” Kathleen asked.
“It doesn’t matter whose idea it was. I would do anything for my wife, no matter what the price. If she needs her revenge to help put this whole thing behind her, then that’s what I’ll give her. Whatever she needs to find the woman she was before all this happened. And I would do anything for my daughter. Especially after the hell she had to go through. No one will ever hurt either one of them without there being consequences. And no one will talk ill of them…ever. Especially my Amber Lynn. We didn’t tell the media everything that monster did to her. We didn’t feel those vultures needed to know all the specifics. Just enough to send that “thing” to prison for life.”
“Now what?” Kathleen asked.
“You’re free to go. Your clothes and things are outside and the plate of food is yours. There’s also a map next to your stuff that will tell you where you are. We’re only about six miles from the city limits.”
“And that’s it? You let me go and what? You and your wife just walk away after what you did to me?”
“That’s up to you,” Bubba said as he walked behind a stack of wooden pallets that was positioned in front of Kathleen’s cage. When he returned, he was carrying a video recorded. “I recorded everything that you did inside your cage from the first day you arrived. On this recorder are images of you crying, pleading for help, pissing in a butter container, vomiting, drinking from a baby bottle, and whatever else you might have done while I was away. It captured everything. I’m sending this tape to a very close friend of mine with the instructions to release it to every form of media he can in the event my wife and I are arrested for kidnapping.”
“Yes, I realize the contents of this video would certainly criminate us for the crime of kidnapping and we would most certainly spend years, if not the rest of our lives, behind bars, but imagine what it would do to your career if people were able to view this video. Being a lawyer is all about image and how people perceive you. People want a strong, able, competent person to represent them in a courtroom, but they would no longer see you as that kind of person if this video was to get out. They would view you as being weak, fragile, and powerless. Not someone they would want in court with them. And even the father of such a humiliated victim could suffer the consequences. There’s a strong chance this video would severely hurt his reputation and probably that of his company’s. No one wants a lawyer whom everyone looks upon with sympathy. Sympathy has a way of manifesting itself into patheticness after a while.”
“And then you have your friends. How long will you be able to stand seeing the pitiful looks they would must assuredly be given you? That is, the ones that stuck around. The ones who weren’t embarrassed to be seen with you. Your friends and everyone around you would start treating you like you were a fragile china doll and, I imagine, that would start making a person like you feel inadequate, small, and subordinate. Are you willing to risk all that? Your friends? Your career? Your self-esteem? The person you try so desperately to be would cease to exist.”
“Ultimately, the decision is yours. My fate, my wife’s fate, and your fate lies in your hands. Make sure you make the right decision, because making the wrong decision could cost you everything.”
Bubba turned and began walking out of the abandoned factory, but he stopped just inside the green door. He turned around and looked at Kathleen. “I want to leave you with this final thought. What my wife and I did here might have been wrong, but we felt it had to be done. We simply couldn’t let you go on saying the things you were saying about our daughter without you knowing just a little about what she had to go through. You called Amber Lynn weak. She was only fifteen when she was abducted by that monster, yet she resisted him for two weeks before she hit her breaking point. You, on the other hand, only lasted three days. Who would you consider to be the weak one?”
Kathleen stood still for several minutes after hearing her kidnapper’s van speed away. She was then overcome with such a feeling of relief that she was free from her cage that she broke down and started to cry. She was so thankful to still be alive. To still be untouched. She looked around the old abandoned factory, at what she once feared would be the last place she saw, and had a strange feeling she needed to ask the building’s permission to leave. As if the abandoned factory had been her warden and her kidnapper only her prison guard. She then looked at the open green door as a sign from the old building giving her permission to leave. Kathleen took the plate of eggplant parmesan and walked out the door and to her sweet freedom.
She hadn’t made up her mind if she was going to tell the police that she knew who her kidnappers were. She knew Bubba and Stacy James deserved to pay for what they made her endure, but would the cost to Kathleen be too great? Was it worth potentially losing everything she and her family had worked so hard to accomplish? Would it be worth the humiliation she would certainly endure if everyone saw the video? But the question that most intrigued Kathleen was this…Was she a better person because of what she was forced to endure? Was she a better person for being forced to face who she truly was? All types of people make up the world we live in. There are survivors and there are victims. But is there really a distinction between the two? Cannot one be a victim and a survivor? And does it take a person reaching their breaking point before they can truly and honestly know themselves?

THE END
(If you enjoyed this story, please leave a review. Thank you.)
