






ASHES OF IRIS
Stephanie Poscente







Copyright © 2014 Stephanie Poscente
Smashwords Edition.
All rights reserved.




The use of any part of this publication, reproduced, transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written consent is an infringement of the copyright law.

This novel is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of names, characters, places and incidents to actual events, locales, or persons is entirely coincidental.

Cover art by DamonZa www.damonza.com
For Jay –
Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Prologue

Blood sprouted to the surface of her bare arms where they rubbed against the aging, splintered wood. The curve of the post pressed against the bones of her spine, pushing her into an unnatural arch. She tried to shift, to ease the ache it caused, but the bindings held her rigid. The wind, once welcomed and refreshing, howled in waves over her exposed scalp and she grit her teeth. Rage bubbled near the surface. She opened her mind to its intensity, and closed her eyes to the rest.
Screams and jeers echoed in the open air, a building excitement that sliced through her ears like jagged, shattered glass. The pain only fueled her anger. Her bare feet rested awkwardly against the rough pile beneath her, and she heard a sound somewhere near but kept her eyes softly closed. A smile began to creep to her lips. 
Smoke rose as the unmistakable crackle of fire filled the air. The whoops of the surrounding crowd grew louder. Someone, a stranger, whistled in the distance.
Damn them, she thought, the smile fierce now, damn them all.
 Faces began to swim before her closed eyelids. She focused her energy on them, willed them into clarity. She saw pale skin, smooth, nearly flawless - blue eyes wide with naivety, a smile plastered on impossibly red lips. Rage burst through her at the sight, and she groaned in response to its power. The flames reached out with their blistering tongues, licking the soles of her feet, but she did not feel them. 
 Another face, dark and solemn, eyes locked on her with a foolish expectation. The familiarity pulled at her nerves. Not rage this time but pity crept into her heart. She cursed it away, screaming silent obscenities at her weakness. The smell of melting flesh and charring wood billowed in clouds around her.
A suspicious gaze manifested in the darkness, an aged and withering face, reigniting the anger with such startling force that she was momentarily blindsided by the physical pain of the fire climbing her thighs, of the smoke crowding her lungs. A scream escaped her tightened lips, the crowd hooting in response. She focused every ounce of energy on the face swimming in her mind’s eye, focused on her hatred and anger, and began to mutter quiet, unintelligible words. 
The three faces flashed through her memory, spurring her on, as she continued to mutter, spitting words with such venomous hate that she could feel the thickness of them as if they were bile oozing from her throat. Black smoke, the smoke of fire and burning fat, began to choke her words, stifling them as they erupted through her teeth. Nothing but the act of speaking them mattered then, and she pushed each of them from her body with the last remaining dredges of oxygen, her eyes squeezing shut against the sting of heat. 
 At last, as she began to shout hoarse streams of a language unknown to the observers, a final face appeared before her. She watched it through closed lids, watched the dark hair fall over the darker eyes, watched the sneering lips pull back, watched as hands raised to keep her from getting too near. In those final moments, through the warm caress of the flames over her bubbling flesh, she felt her heart splinter – the pain shivering through her bones a thousand times over, the regret and resentment fiercer than flames could ever prove to be. 
In that final breath, she released the last remaining words with meek surrender, slumping forward, held upright by the bindings at her bloodied wrists, and the deep black of death swallowed her. 

Chapter 1

A burst of wind sent flyaway strands of hair into her eyes and swept the crumpled photograph on her lap to the floor. She let out a sigh and pulled the rogue hairs back into the knot at the base of her neck. The open window of her second story bedroom vibrated in the wind as she untangled her limbs and rose from her armchair, suddenly aware of the ache in her knees and tingle in her feet. She stooped to retrieve the photograph and place it gently on her bed before returning to the window and peering out into the semi-darkness. The wind rustled the leaves in the large oak tree that blocked her view of the street in the distance. With narrowed eyes she glared up at the darkened sky. The moon was blanketed with warning grey clouds.
“Sophie!” called a voice outside the closed bedroom door, breaking the silence. “Sophie, I need your help!”
With another sigh, Sophie turned from the gloom outside and hastened to the door. Pulling it open, she saw nothing out of the ordinary in the deserted hallway. It wasn’t until she heard a grunt from behind a towering pile of clean laundry that she discovered the source of the plea. A stout woman knelt on the wooden floor, plundering in the pile of clothing as though searching for treasure. Aunt Marilyn didn’t look up as Sophie approached, but shouted in a frantic voice, “I need my yellow blouse, have you seen it?”
“No,” she replied, “I’ll look for it, where might it be?”
Flustered, the woman waved a weathered hand in Sophie’s direction, “Never mind, never mind. Are you packed?”
Sophie glanced over her shoulder at her cluttered bedroom. The ornate wooden bed frame – handmade by her late uncle – took up most of the far wall; a vibrant white bedspread lay in a heap at its foot. Nearly seven years ago she had come to live at her aunt and uncle’s estate, only a few days after her sixteenth birthday. She remembered the first time she had seen her uncle's handiwork, the delicate details and smooth surface, and felt a heavy swell of sadness fill her chest, as it had many times in the previous year. She tried not to think of him often, because of the pain it caused her, but sometimes his face floated through her mind unexpectedly.
With a shake of her head, Sophie seized the handle of the suitcase she had packed and left waiting by the door the previous day and turned back to her aunt still rifling through the piles of clothing in the hall.
“Yes, I’m ready. Are you sure you-”
“Aha!” exclaimed Aunt Marilyn, seemingly unaware of Sophie’s reverie or response. “I knew it was in here!” She waved a handful of yellow fabric at Sophie with a victorious smile. “Let’s get moving or we are going to be late.”
Following her aunt’s lead, Sophie struggled past the overflowing basket and down the staircase at the end of the hall, her suitcase bouncing along behind. Coming to a sudden stop at the foot of the stairs, she couldn’t help but be surprised by the neatly lined row of luggage waiting by the front door. Suddenly her lone suitcase felt shrunken and inadequate.
“How can you have so much to bring for only ten days?” she asked, trying to stifle the anxiety welling up inside her.
“Only ten days?” Aunt Marilyn replied with raised eyebrows. “I have only packed the necessities. It is inconceivable to go to Europe with only one suitcase. Especially for ten days! And your little sister is getting married, Sophie. You have packed some nice things to wear, haven’t you? Oh, I should have checked before you shut your bag.”
Glancing with a frown at the suitcase beside her, Sophie shrugged and forced composure. Her sister would be furious if she showed up with nothing proper to wear, though she had been sure to triple-check before sealing her bag.
“Yes, Aunt Mar, I’ve got enough. I have packed a suitcase before. I guess I just don’t need as much as you do.”
With a smile meant to be sympathetic, Aunt Marilyn patted Sophie on the shoulder and turned to open the front door.
“Oh,” she turned her head back, “I’ve left my camera on the dining room table. Be a love and fetch it for me? I’ll start loading the car.”
Without a word, Sophie released the handle of her suitcase and headed for the dining room. Uncle Gus’s bright green eyes smiled down at her from the portrait over the hall table. The sight of his face brought with it a tremendous feeling of loneliness which she struggled to repress and find the excitement that should have been there instead. Biting her lip, she inhaled deeply and forced herself to smile.
I’m going to enjoy this trip, she thought. There’s no reason I shouldn’t.
But she knew there was a reason. As much as she tried to hide it, Sophie could not deny that the idea of spending ten days with her immediate family, regardless of which part of the world they were in, frightened her. It had never been easy to relate to them. 
Her mother and father lived a vibrant lifestyle in the bustling city of Toronto – a lifestyle that Sophie had never found comfort in. Her younger sister Katie, on the other hand, reveled in the constant activity in their home. The fact that the twenty-one year old had recently gotten engaged to a forty-something business mogul proved that she aimed high and expected nothing but the best in life. She was exactly what their parents wanted in a child. 
It was not until she decided to live with her father's brother and sister-in-law that Sophie discovered the kindred connection between herself and the uncle she hardly knew. It was a connection so foreign in its depth that she tried in vain to avoid his presence for several months, but he sought her out, pressing her for opinions on books and music, asking her questions only for the benefit of making conversation. He understood her in a way no one else had before, understood that life did not always appear to her the way it did to others. He felt the same, he said, and made a point of sticking by her side in situations he knew would prove trying. 
Her sister’s wedding was the first real challenge Sophie would face without him, and her heart ached at the thought.
Reaching the end of the hallway she entered the kitchen, pulled the camera bag off of the large table and, being careful to keep her eyes straight ahead, walked past the smiling face on the wall and out the front door, slamming it shut behind her.

“Sophie! Let me.”
A tall boy wearing a faded plaid shirt came striding up the sidewalk with his hands outstretched. As he approached, the smell of newly mowed grass wafted through the air. His extended hands were tinted green and she could see, even from where she stood, the dirt caked under his fingernails.
“It’s alright Marshall, it’s not heavy,” Sophie replied quickly, tugging her suitcase behind her and out of his reach. Seeing the disappointment on his face, she backtracked and added, with a friendly smile, “You can take the camera, if you want.”
Handing him the bulky camera bag, she was relieved to see a smile light up his young features.
Marshall and his family had lived next door since the year after Sophie arrived. Despite his promising height and charming personality, not to mention the prodding from her aunt and uncle, she had always regarded him as a child – though he was only three years younger. Lately, though, she had a sense that his frequent visits to her home were not merely to borrow an egg or offer to mow the lawn.
“It’s sure going to be great for you in Switzerland, Sophie,” Marshall was saying as she trailed behind him. “Wow, what a place. I’ve seen pictures of some of the castles there. They’re so big, I always wonder how people built them without the technology we have now. It’s like those Egyptians, you know. I still think it's pretty cool that your sister found a place to rent for her wedding. You must be getting excited. I bet you'll look great in that dress you got.” He turned to her, his eyes scanning her from head to toe.
Stifling a groan, Sophie turned to her aunt, who stood by the driver side door with an amused smile on her face. Catching on quickly, Aunt Marilyn clapped her hands together and exclaimed, “Time to go, my dear! Good-bye Marshall, keep an eye on the place while we’re gone.”
“Sure thing Mrs. Iris! See you, Sophie.” Marshall shot her a wink, smiling broadly.
Sophie scrambled into the passenger seat with more haste than was necessary and slammed the door behind her, waving meekly so as not to seem rude. She pulled the seat belt across her chest and jammed it into place, concentrating on keeping her eyes focused straight ahead instead of rolling them toward the ceiling.
Despite her discomfort, she knew she would never confess to him she didn’t see him in any other way than a friendly neighbor. Confrontation was a skill she couldn’t seem to master, although she had tried many times. Usually, it ended with her in tears and the one she had meant to confront in utter bewilderment. That was precisely the reason she would be stuck, one week from now, surrounded by people who crushed her meager self-esteem as if it were fresh dough and celebrating a union she couldn’t quite understand.
“I guess it could be worse,” she murmured.
“What was that?” Aunt Marilyn asked as she turned onto the main highway heading for the airport. The first few drops of rain pattered on the windshield.
“I said, this is going to be great,” Sophie replied quickly, “really great.”

Settling into her seat, Sophie gazed out of the rain splattered window, scanning the blur of passing houses and cars, and tried to think positive. She was excited to travel somewhere new, and the castle they were staying in sounded fascinating and beautiful. There were rumors it was haunted, though she wasn’t one to believe in that kind of thing. She’d also thought of hiking one of the many mountains surrounding the small Swiss town, though Aunt Marilyn hadn't approved of that idea.
“Bears, Sophie, or mountain lions,” she had exclaimed, shaking her head. “Can you imagine the upheaval if you were to get eaten?”
Despite the promise of adventure, however, it was difficult to maintain even the slightest flicker of hope. Her mind incessantly reverted back to the negatives.
She might be on her way to a new place, but the people would be the same. Drama never failed to make an appearance when her family congregated, and Sophie was convinced that the location mattered very little. Her hope of stealing more than an hour or two at a time before the wedding was unrealistically optimistic.
 “-and then we’ll check our bags and maybe grab a coffee. We have some time until our flight leaves.”
Aunt Marilyn’s voice brought Sophie back to reality and, looking around her, she noticed the familiar entrance to Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The rain had been short-lived, the last straggling raindrops hitting the windshield with a faint tick.
Aunt Marilyn talked animatedly.
“It's going to be quite the trip, Sophie. So much to see and do, I'm sure Katie is just dying with anticipation. What a beautiful place for a wedding. And who knows, maybe you'll meet a nice boy.”
Sophie shifted in her seat and tried to focus on anything but her aunt’s babble. Her stomach churned and she swallowed, wishing she had skipped the heavy meatloaf at dinner. Before long, they would be confined to the belly of a plane and she would have eight torturous hours to contemplate what awaited her in Zurich.

Aunt Marilyn was practically vibrating with excitement as they made their way through airport security. Her hands twisted and untwisted the strap of her leather purse with a dull squeak that made Sophie cringe. Every minute seemed to dredge by with the speed of thick molasses, every movement exaggerated by nerves and inhibition. They wandered the bright halls in search of coffee, though she knew caffeine would only worsen her building anxiety.
Her mind wandered freely, settling with unpleasant anticipation on the upcoming days and the role she would be expected to play. It was no secret that Katie and Sophie related to one another more like reluctant neighbors than sisters, and the part of excited sibling and daughter would be difficult to play.
Resurfacing from her daydream for a moment, Sophie caught the last few words of her aunt's sentence.
“...never thought you would get up in front of all of those people and make a speech!”
Sophie felt the blood drain from her face, and her stomach tightened like a vice.
“No one said anything about a speech,” she spluttered.
“Sophie, honey, you are the bride's sister,” Aunt Marilyn replied in a tone fit for a belligerent child. “Of course you have to make a speech.”
“I… but… what am I supposed to say?”
“Say something nice about Katie,” explained Aunt Marilyn. “Say how happy you are that she's found someone like Brian. Just speak from your heart, you'll do fine.”
Sophie laughed uncomfortably. It felt like more than she could bear on top of everything else. Last time she had tried to speak publicly, she had ended up fainting from nerves. And now, even if she managed to speak at all, speaking from the heart was sure to get her thrown out of the reception.
Aunt Marilyn eyed Sophie over the rim of her paper coffee cup.
“You will do absolutely fine. Don't fret over it or you will ruin the whole trip.”
Taking several deep breaths and another sip of what was now cold coffee, she swallowed her excuses and nodded weakly.
“Yes, I suppose you're right,” she said, though her voice sounded shaky and muted.
With a brisk nod of her head, Aunt Marilyn turned to inspect the monitor displaying the departure times, squinting because of the distance.
“Fifteen minutes until we leave, we should head to our gate.”
Reaching their designated gate, they joined the few people already seated there. A middle-aged man reading a celebrity magazine, an older woman wearing a dress resembling the photos Sophie had seen of elderly women in Europe, and a couple nestled on a loveseat near the large windows looking out onto the airport runways, seemingly oblivious to anyone around them as they gazed at each other and spoke in whispers, appeared to be the only ones joining them on their flight.
“It doesn't look like our plane will be full,” observed Aunt Marilyn, “that's a good thing.”
Sophie dropped her small bag onto one of the many empty chairs and took a seat beside it. She tugged the sleeves of her sweater down over her hands and tucked them into the spaces on either side of her legs. Her toes tapped the floor, owing in part to the restlessness of her legs, though the coffee was affecting her just as she thought it would. After a few minutes, Aunt Marilyn glanced at her out of the corners of her eyes with a look that made Sophie cross one foot over the other and press them together, holding them still.
 “Now boarding, rows one through eight. Rows one through eight, now boarding.”
“That's us dear, row six,” exclaimed Aunt Marilyn, who stood so quickly Sophie almost missed the movement, and clutched her purse and jacket to her chest.
They made their way up to the desk, where another smiling woman stood to greet them.
“Boarding passes, please.”
Sophie handed over her ticket for the flight attendant to inspect, and then followed her aunt down the steep tunnel and through the small door onto the plane. Walking through the first class section, they made their way to the tight belly of the plane where the air was stiff and musty. The aisle was far too narrow, forcing Sophie to angle her body in order to squeeze through. Bumping into more than one elbow on her way past, she muttered a continuous stream of “sorry” and “excuse me”.
“Here we are,” Aunt Marilyn stopped beside an empty row and motioned for Sophie to enter first. Her seat was next to the small window.
Sounds of people chattering and bumping into seats filled the air. Flight attendants were kindly helping everyone store their belongings safely and offering advice on how to get settled. Sophie's seat was hard and lumpy, the back much too erect to be comfortable. Her knees pressed against the seat in front of her, leaving no room to stretch her legs. She could only hope that no one would fill that seat and recline it, restricting her movement further.
The plane backed slowly out of its dock and made its way to the end of the runway. Pushing her hands hard into her thighs, she squinted through the tiny window at the black pavement racing by below her. When the nose of the plane began to rise into the air she felt her stomach lurch as they were lifted off the ground in a steep incline. The drone of the engine vibrated in Sophie's ears and she glanced at Aunt Marilyn who sat with her head tilted back and her eyes closed, muttering silently to herself. Despite her enthusiasm about the trip, Aunt Marilyn had never taken a liking to flying.
Several minutes later, the plane evened out and the captain's voice came over the loudspeaker once more.
“Successful take-off ladies and gentlemen, the seat belt sign will be turned off in a moment and our first in-flight movie will begin shortly. We will be arriving in Zurich in approximately seven hours. Enjoy the flight.”
The voice cut out and Sophie was left with nothing to distract her but the loud hum of the engines and the buzzing conversations of the excited travelers surrounding her.
Chapter 2

Seven and a half long hours later, Sophie opened her eyes to the bright light of early morning. The abrupt chime of the seat belt sign had woken her from an uneasy sleep and she looked around in a daze. Aunt Marilyn was shuffling through the various items she had pulled from her carry on. A pile of magazines rested on her lap. Sophie stretched her legs as best she could and arched the ache out of her back. After a minute or two, she felt the sensation of descent and looked out the foggy window.
Once the plane landed safely and the passengers filed into the terminal, Sophie and Aunt Marilyn stepped out of the line and paused beside a tall pillar before attempting to navigate the crowded airport. There were people scattered everywhere waiting for their flights or pushing their way through the crowd. Sophie, not one to welcome bustling crowds, felt claustrophobic.
“Here it is,” said Aunt Marilyn, pulling a thick envelope from her purse and removing the pamphlet of directions from the piles of travel papers. “The Isa Caecilia. Oh, Sophie, doesn't it sound just wonderful? A real life princess castle.”
 “It really does. It will be less wonderful if we don't have our bags, though,” Sophie replied, searching the area for the baggage claim sign.
“Oh, stop,” Aunt Marilyn slapped Sophie on the arm. “You don't always have to rain on my parade, you know. A smile goes a long way.”
Sophie feigned deafness to her aunt's comment, silently scolding herself for her obvious failure at hiding her worry. She wanted her aunt to believe she was excited, and to know nothing of her fear or the sadness she felt without the support of her uncle. They hadn’t spoken much of him since his death, and she refused to be the one to unnecessarily bring it up and cause her aunt any pain. Her aunt deserved to enjoy herself, and Sophie was determined not to play any part that would stifle her excitement – even if that meant bearing the burden of her emotions alone.

Upon admittance into the airport, they were swept away by the throngs of people swarming the halls. A passing traveler caught her shoulder with his, jolting her to the side as she struggled to catch up with her aunt, who had pressed on, careful to avoid knocking into anyone with her luggage.
Aunt Marilyn waved her hand as she sped up to meet her brother-in-law and his wife where they stood in line at a small coffee shop. Sophie had not seen her mother and father in over four months. Anticipation stirred within her at the thought of their meeting. The child within her longed for them when they were absent, but the reunion always ended in disappointment. She knew it was vain to hope this time would be any different. 
Carol and Tim Iris were a distinguished looking couple, married for thirty years with two daughters and financial wealth most people would give up much of their lives for. This wealth was attained mostly by her father's uncanny ability to predict stock market trends, though his work as a plastic surgeon earned him a fairly exuberant lifestyle on its own. He was tall and confident, fashionably dressed, but there had always been a sort of ruggedness about him. From his ever present beard stubble to his expensive and well-worn hiking boots, Tim Iris exuded masculinity.
Carol Iris, Sophie's mother, was the opposite. She was a perfectly manicured, groomed, and flawlessly attired picture of the typical modern day wealthy housewife. Her unnatural blonde hair was, at present, styled to match the latest trend and Sophie noticed the shoes she was wearing would have looked more at home on a runway in Paris than standing in line for coffee.
At once upon seeing her parents, Sophie felt like she had fallen into a pressure cooker. Aunt Marilyn bustled over to the waiting couple with her arms outstretched.
“Isn't this wonderful?” she exclaimed. “Oh, I just can't wait to get out of this airport and see where we are staying! Is it really as beautiful as the brochure?”
Sophie walked awkwardly up to her mother and was immediately enveloped by the familiar scent of her perfume.
“Hi, Mom,” she said.
“Sophie, is that your only suitcase? For heaven's sake, what's the matter with you?”
Anger and embarrassment swelled inside of Sophie for a split second, but she mastered it and was calm when she spoke.
“Yes,” she said, “yes, this is my only suitcase. Hi, Dad. How have you been?”
The forced politeness of the inquiry rang in her ears, but he didn't seem to notice. She could always count on his lack of attentiveness.
“Hey honey! No, I'll take the change,” Tim waved at his daughter after receiving his coffee. “It's good to see you.”
Once greetings and hugs had been exchanged all around, the foursome made their way through the crowded airport to the front doors. Stepping through the exit, Sophie immediately spotted an enormous vehicle parked in the handicapped loading zone. Its passenger side tires were invading a third of the sidewalk. Her stomach dropped, but still Sophie prayed that this was not the vehicle her parents had rented. Tim pulled a set of keys from his pocket and pressed a button. The monstrosity let out a series of shrill chirps. Sophie's steps faltered, but her aunt elbowed her gently and followed Tim and Carol to the back of the vehicle.
“Oh my!” exclaimed Aunt Marilyn, “this sure is quite the, um, well, what is it you call this thing, Tim?”
“It's a Hummer H2, Mary,” replied Tim enthusiastically, thrilled to have been given an opportunity to boast. “Isn't she a beauty? Fully-loaded. We thought it would be a blast having this thing.”
“It sure is big,” Aunt Marilyn stated, lacking the enthusiasm displayed by her brother-in-law.
“Oh, Marilyn,” Carol chimed, her voice nasal and smug. “You know how Tim gets. He loves his toys. Let's get moving, I want to get back in time for my afternoon massage. Sophie, just put your suitcase on the floor in front of you. There's no more room in the back. I suppose it's for the best that you're not the most organized person on the planet.”
Murmuring angrily to herself, Sophie climbed into the small back seat, stuffing her suitcase between her legs and squirming to find a position in which her knees would cooperate. The inside of the vehicle was surprisingly tiny. Aunt Marilyn squeezed into the seat beside her, huffing and gasping as she shifted her body through the tight space.
“It's about a half hour from here to the hotel,” Tim called from the driver's seat, “so I hope you guys are comfortable.”
With a groan, Sophie shifted her weight, trying to twist her left leg so that she could somehow cross it underneath herself and out of the way. After several minutes, she gave up and resorted to sitting with her right leg squished in between her suitcase and Aunt Marilyn's wide leg and her left knee pulled up to her chest.
Thirty minutes seemed like an eternity. Her parents bickered incessantly about the wedding, and her aunt constantly poked her arm and pointed out the window saying, “Sophie, look!”
She opened her own window as far as it would go and allowed the sound of the rushing wind to mute everything else around her. Once they reached the outskirts of Zurich, the rolling hills became ever larger and seemed to glow green. Creeks and trees intermingled, dancing together in an unending waltz. Not a cloud dashed the clear, blue sky, and quaint homes on sprawling fields dotted the landscape. Amongst the foreign scenery and the wind whipping her hair around her face, Sophie almost forgot where she was. She found herself wide-eyed, leaning out the window when the highway curved past a solitary lake, breathtaking and vast with crystal clear water reflecting the forest that crept right up to its bank.
Every now and then they would pass cyclists winding their way up and down the hills, and groups of horseback riding tourists pressing a winding trail alongside the highway. The warm spring air brought with it the musky scent of the forest intermingled with the smell of sun-warmed asphalt and oil. Closing her eyes, Sophie lost herself in the sounds of the wind and sporadic roars of passing vehicles. Bright flashes of sunlight appeared in the darkness, caressing her eyelids. She focused every ounce of her attention onto the warmth of the sunlight touching her face and neck and the pleasant experience of the fresh blowing air.
In that moment, she was content. For just a few minutes, she was not fixated on the nervous anticipation of the next ten days, and swelling excitement managed to press its way to the surface. A smile crossed her face and she leaned her chin on her crossed arms and lost herself in her own thoughts.

“Marilyn, you will love this hotel. There is room service twenty-four hours a day, the spa is open morning until night and the food is delicious. It's a bit dated, though. I think the castle was built in the 1700's or something. You would think they could refurbish it with all the money they make, but it's still all stone and candles. I mean, honestly, there aren't even TV's in the rooms. How ridiculous is that? Just because it was built so long ago, doesn't mean we all want to live in the Stone Age.”
Sophie listened to her mother's rambling, wondering idly if the hotel was truly lit only by candles. From what she had read of where her sister was to be married, she knew the owners had done their best to maintain the original feel of the castle. Other than adding plumbing and electrical, the castle had been kept as close as possible to its original state.
“Oh, we're almost there! See that pond on your left? Apparently you can take a canoe out there. They have these canoes, made of real wood. It's a real hoot, the way these people try and keep everything authentic. I think it's quite unnecessary, to be honest.”
Carol flipped her hair out of her small, blue eyes as she spoke turning to look at her husband with a mocking smile that twisted her beautiful features into a mask of arrogance.
“Tim is a sucker for all that romantic stuff, aren't you honey?”
“Well, we're on vacation,” Tim answered. “I'm trying to get the most out of my money.”
“Why,” Carol growled, turning her face away and folding her arms over her chest, “do you always make everything about money?”
Here we go, Sophie thought. 
Looking over at Aunt Marilyn, she noticed her aunt gazing out the window with a pained expression.
“Are you alright?” Sophie asked in a soft voice, touching her gently on the shoulder.
Aunt Marilyn jumped at the touch, turning to Sophie with a look of surprise. She watched the effort her aunt made to hide her emotion, but decided not to question her.
“Yes, dear,” Aunt Marilyn forced a smile, “look at these trees! They are so tall. I wonder if they are fir trees. Or are they pine? I am not even sure of the difference, do you know?”
Sophie shook her head, concerned by her aunt's forced attempt at small talk. She glanced back out of the window, watching the houses on either side of the two lane highway grow more condensed. In the bright morning light, people were strolling down the narrow sidewalks or standing on their front steps and gazing out across the lake bordering the town.
Her father turned left onto a narrow street, following the road as it wound its way through the town and into thick forest. The road shifted from pavement to gravel. The loud crunch of the tires echoed through the open window. On her right, the trees thinned and opened into a massive courtyard filled with sunlight. At the farthest end of the yard there stood an ancient looking church. High windows flanked the perimeter of the building and a steeple stood twice as high as the church itself. Sophie watched it pass, unease tight in her chest. The hairs on her neck stood up, and she had to force her eyes away, surprised by the strange reaction.
“See over there,” Tim pointed to his left after the church had faded behind them, “there's a kind of opening in the trees and you will be able to see the pond Carol told you about.”
Sure enough, a moment later, Sophie caught a glimpse of what appeared to be more of an unkempt marsh surrounded by trees. It was not the type of pond she would consider for a romantic encounter, as her mother had described. Weeds rose from the ground, twisting in knots around one another along the edge of the water. The water itself was coated in a thick brownish green sludge, which jostled like gelatin when a low flying bird skimmed its surface.
“It doesn't look very clean,” she commented.
“Why would it need to be clean? It's not for swimming in.” Carol turned her head to glance at Sophie. “I'm sure you didn't even pack a bathing suit, did you?”
“I did,” Sophie replied, her voice tired.
They followed the drive through a wide open space, circling the furthest end of a roundabout and coming to a stop in front of a huge stone staircase. A thick mass of bushes mingled with bursts of colored flowers in the center of the roundabout, their leaves rustling in the light breeze. On the opposite side of them, at the top of the staircase, were two enormous wooden doors. Shallow carvings detailed their edges and they were flanked by wide wooden pillars. Only the entrance of the stone castle could be seen, for the trees seemed to engulf the rest.
Looking up, Sophie could see three turrets emerging above the tallest trees. Small windows were visible, but no light shone in them. There was an inexplicable aura of apprehension, and she could understand suddenly why some people believed the place to be the residence of spirits.
“It's beautiful,” breathed Aunt Marilyn from beside her.
“I suppose you could say that, but I wish they'd cut down some of these trees. It hasn't got much curb appeal,” said Carol.
“The trees are what make it beautiful,” Sophie countered, so awed by its beauty and mystery that she could do no more than stare.
As Tim stepped from the driver's seat, a young man in a fitted black tuxedo emerged from the doors and hurried down the stairs. He spoke quietly to Tim before stepping to the back of the vehicle and pulling the suitcases from the open back door.
Sophie pushed her own door open and wiggled the suitcase from between her legs, lowering it to the ground and carefully stepping onto the loose gravel. Her legs were stiff and aching from being contorted and she was glad to stretch them, turning in a circle to get a full view of the castle's vast front yard. Though the sun shone overhead, casting long shadows across the grass and bouncing from the vibrant flower petals, she noticed a dull haze hanging in the air that she hadn’t noticed on the drive.
Aunt Marilyn stood with her hands clasped under her chin, a broad smile spread across her face.
“It's more beautiful than I imagined,” she whispered.
Following the boy up the stone stairway, Sophie glanced to her right and noticed a break in the dense forest. A small path wound its way into the shadows of the trees, disappearing into the darkness beyond. For a moment, she thought she could see a tall shape moving to stand near the edge of the path, but she blinked and it was gone. She heaved her suitcase up the top step and followed the group through the double front doors.
Immediately, she felt as though she had stepped into another era. Eighteen-foot high stone walls surrounded her. A sweeping staircase took up almost the entire wall opposite the front door and light danced about the room, falling from the wrought iron chandeliers that clung to the ends of long chains. Above the sound of Aunt Marilyn's gasps of awe, Sophie could hear her parents arguing as they walked ahead.
“How can you be so selfish? My daughter is getting married. Don't you think I deserve this?” Carol whispered fiercely, the hiss of her voice echoing through the room.
“We are already spending enough money on this wedding,” Tim replied, “I'm not sure that adding the expense of a trip to Paris is the wisest decision.”
“Pull your wallet out of your ass, Tim. I want a vacation,” Carol stomped ahead of her husband, turning left at the staircase and disappearing through a small archway. A tall, dark-haired man in a vintage-looking suit watched her pass as he leaned against the stone wall next to it, seeming unconcerned. Sophie started as the man turned and caught her eye, and she averted her gaze, hoping he hadn’t noticed.
A handsome young man stood at the base of the stairway, gesturing to them with a smile.
 “Welcome to Isa Caecilia,” he said in a thick accent, not unpleasant but deep and welcoming. She nodded in response, while Aunt Marilyn cooed in appreciation and gripped her arm.
Tim led the way through the same archway Carol had stormed through moments earlier. Sophie let her aunt walk ahead, careful to avoid the glare of the man as she passed, though she could feel his eyes on her. Every few steps, a murmur of voices rose from somewhere in the distance. Up a narrow flight of stone stairs, and down another short corridor, Tim finally stopped in front of a dark wooden door.
“This is yours, Marilyn,” he said.
Without waiting for Aunt Marilyn to open her door, he continued on, waving for Sophie to follow him. She glanced back over her shoulder as her aunt waved an excited hand at her.
“There doesn't seem to be many rooms on this floor,” Sophie commented as they walked down another few yards of vacant corridor.
Silence answered her. Tim was walking a few feet ahead, lost in thought. Nodding her head once, she remained silent until they reached her door at the opposite end of the long hallway.
“Alright, we're having lunch at one o’clock somewhere in town. We'll meet in the lobby,” Tim smiled briefly before turning and making his way back toward the stairway.
Sophie watched him go, wondering at his odd behavior. It wasn't until he reached the end of the corridor and descended the stairs that she turned to the door. It swung open easily and she stepped into what was to be her room for the next ten days.
It was nothing like she had imagined, and a far cry from the hotel rooms she had experienced before. The room was easily the size of the main level of Aunt Marilyn's modest two-story. She took another step forward and pushed the door shut behind her. Tall columns of windows lined the wall opposite the door, letting in long streams of golden sunlight. The light glanced off of a polished end table, catching her eyes and making them squint. Small pools of dust collected in the beams pouring from the windows, and she watched them swirl and dance in the invisible air currents. She saw, with delight, that the room was furnished mostly in antiques. Her fears were swept from her mind. A floor to ceiling stone fireplace caught her attention, and she moved to examine the wire clock above the mantle. Sophie realized that it had been over an hour since they arrived at the Zurich airport but she still had time to take a stroll around before lunch.
Peeling off her thin jacket, she turned to drop it on the armchair beside the door when she noticed the king sized bed at the far end of the room. Four thick posts and a draping canopy of cream colored silk enshrouded the mattress. A thick bedspread, the same silken fabric as the canopy, was almost completely hidden by the abundance of throw pillows, all in various sizes and shades. It all appeared foolishly extravagant.
With a small laugh and a shake of her head, Sophie turned to the door, pulling it tightly shut before proceeding toward her aunt's room. Though she would prefer to wander alone, she knew Aunt Marilyn would be furious to be left out of an opportunity to snoop. After the third unanswered knock, however, she realized that her aunt must have taken it upon herself to wander in solitude or, more likely, to seek out the rest of their family. Her sister's face flashed through her mind and Sophie, with a resigned sigh and a wistful glance toward the opposite end of the hall, made her way toward the lobby to do the same.

“You told me we would have access to the entire Beyar hall!” A shrill voice met Sophie's ears as she neared the front entrance. She emerged through the archway into the almost vacant castle entrance and a quick glance to her right told her the strange, glaring man had left his haunt, and she felt a wave of relief. Standing at the front door with her hands on her hips and her head cocked to one side, Katie Iris embodied haughtiness. She was staring intently at the poor young man in front of her, who was flipping through coiled notebooks with flurried hands.
“I'm sorry,” Sophie heard him mumble in a thick German accent. “It is housing storage at the moment, but we will empty it before your scheduled time.”
“You're damn right you will,” Katie said, sweeping dramatically away from him and spotting her sister. “Sophie!”
The squeal bounced from the tall stone walls as Sophie watched her younger sister stride gracefully toward her. Katie's waist length hair hung straight down her back, framing a face that had become less and less familiar over time. The wide blue eyes, once filled with wonder and excitement, were lined with thick makeup. Sophie supposed the purpose was to look sophisticated and mature, but the effect came off more like a Vegas showgirl.
Thin arms circled her neck as Katie wrapped her in a stiff embrace. A hint of the same floral perfume her mother wore floated in the air.
“Hi,” Sophie said, patting her sister lightly on the back.
“What do you think?” Katie asked, pulling away and motioning to the vast lobby.
“It's beautiful, really,” she replied, “how did you find it?”
Katie, ignoring the question, turned back to the boy still shuffling pages in his notebooks.
“Try to have the tables set up properly, if you can manage that much,” she said. “I don't want to have to move chairs myself. I think we paid enough for proper service.”
Turning back to her older sister, Katie smiled sweetly and tilted her head to the side. Lifting her hands in a gesture of exasperation, she reminded Sophie of a stubborn teenager.
“What a mess,” she said. “I may as well have done everything on my own. These people are so incompetent.”
“I'm sure they're trying, Kate,” Sophie said, sending a look of apology toward the young man.
Katie narrowed her eyes, but did not speak. She turned on her heels and marched in the opposite direction, only hinting that she expected Sophie to follow once she reached the end of the lobby and turned back with an expectant glare.
With a well hidden sigh, Sophie dragged her reluctant feet toward her sister, silently wishing she had gone through with her initial plan of exploring the castle alone. She followed Katie through another archway into a smaller gathering area. Sitting on one of the three high-backed wooden armchairs was their father, his chin in his hands as he gazed out the window, seemingly unaware of their appearance next to him.
“Daddy,” Katie whined as she plopped into the chair across from him. “I'm not happy with these people. They don't care about my wedding.”
Tim jumped at the sound of his daughter's voice, his eyes widening in surprise.
“What was that?”
Sticking out her full bottom lip in a pout she had perfected over the years, Katie crossed her arms.
“Nobody is listening to me. I want things to be done properly, but they keep messing it all up.”
“Oh,” Tim said, rubbing his eyes with his fists and leaning forward, patting his daughter lightly on the knee. “It'll all work out, honey. Don't worry about it.”
Sophie snickered quietly at her father's use of his favorite catch phrase.
Don't worry about it. The words had become a sort of mantra in the Iris household when Sophie was young. They had always made her skin crawl then, but now she just found them amusing.
“Dad,” she said, earning a glare from her sister as she interrupted. “Are we driving to lunch?”
“We'll drive into town, but your mother wants to see some sights on the way, so we'll park somewhere and walk to the restaurant.”
“Oh, okay,” Sophie replied, hoping her voice sounded nonchalant, despite her anxiousness to flee. “I'm going to go change my shoes.”
With a quick wave, she turned and hastily made her way back to her room, thanking her quick thinking for removing her from what she knew would become a dramatic conversation between her sister and father. Making another impulsive decision, she strode past the stairway that would have led her to her room, continuing on instead to a set of wide doors. The wood felt brittle under her hands as she pushed them open, unveiling a huge ballroom. Inside were the same high ceilings as the lobby, but a second story balcony invaded half the room. It looked down upon the ballroom and out the floor to ceiling windows lining the outdoor wall.
Her footsteps reverberated through the emptiness as she walked to one of the tall, narrow windows. She wanted to discover what part of the castle she was in and thought maybe the view outside would give her a clue. What she saw, however, made her uneasy.
The forest trees were cut back, creating a wide semi-circle just outside the doors. In the center of the grassed area was a tall statue, looming almost as high as the surrounding forest. The stone chipped and cracked, bleached and faded from the elements. The face of a man looked down upon her, and a long robe appeared to billow from his neck. One hand was raised high overhead. The powerful gesture reminded Sophie of royalty. She was too far, and the window too obscured, to see details in his face, but something about his size and stance made her uncomfortable. The minutes passed quickly as she wondered in silence, until a soft shuffle behind her made her jump. She turned quickly, seeing an elderly man standing near the far wall. His hands were folded behind his back as he stared into a painting, his face turned away from her. She thought maybe he hadn’t noticed her standing there.
Slowly, he turned in her direction, his eyes widening into huge circles as their gazes met. She could not help but give him a small smile, though she knew her face must have looked more quizzical than friendly. They stood for a few moments, staring at one another, before Sophie finally spoke.
“You startled me,” she said quietly, hoping her voice sounded confident. It was not like her to strike up conversation with strangers.
“I'm sorry,” he whispered, his voice deeper than she had expected. His eyes now looked upon her with polite confusion. She thought he might be a butler, from the look of his old-fashioned tuxedo and tails.
“No,” she stammered. “I'm sorry, I shouldn't be wandering.”
“You should,” spoke the man, bowing slightly, keeping his eyes locked on her face. “If it is what you wish to do.”
His accent was much less pronounced than the man in the entrance, but she caught a hint of it as he spoke. He watched her as she moved to leave.
“Perhaps, when you return, you might continue wandering.”
With a nod, Sophie thanked the man and hurried back through the old wooden doors and down the hall. He watched her go, a mask of solemnity on his face. As she rounded the corner, he looked to the balcony above him, and gave a tiny nod.
Chapter 3

The drive into town took only a few minutes but to Sophie, squished in the backseat with her aunt and sister, it felt like an eternity. As they drove, Katie gushed about the wedding while Carol sat backwards in the front seat, joining in with her daughter's excited babble.
Sophie, crushed against the driver's side door, watched the trees rush past with her chin pressed into her hand. Katie and Carol's perfume was already making her head pound. They pulled around the final corner on the narrow gravel road, passing the church and its wide courtyard. When the crunch of loose rocks ceased and smooth pavement wound ahead of them, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Let's park here and walk,” Carol's voice rang as they passed a vacant gas station, “I need fresh air, and we could all use a little exercise.”
With a smug smile, she turned to look at her sister-in-law. Sophie's insides tightened at the underlying insult in her mother's words, but Aunt Marilyn only smiled in response.
Pulling into the furthest end of the small lot, Tim pulled to a stop and they all spilled out. Sophie sucked in a deep breath as her feet hit the ground, the fresh air filtering the intoxication of perfume from her lungs.
The main road stretched out on either side of them, winding its way through the town and out of sight. Cars passed quietly beside them, the bright afternoon sun reflecting from their windows. Sophie could still see the tall steeple of the church as it stretched skywards, but the peaked treetops blocked the rest from view. She was taken with the old-fashioned shops and clustered cottages lining either side of the main street. The quaint homes with their ivy-shrouded stone walls and staggered rooftops amused her and she wondered how old they were.
An elderly couple passed by, glancing in her direction and making brief eye contact. Sophie smiled, a knee jerk reaction, and was surprised when the man’s eyes widened in shock. He seized his wife’s arm, pulling her forward. She stumbled beside him, but did not protest. He continued to pull her away, glancing only once over his shoulder at Sophie, until they were past the barrier of tall hedges lining the adjacent yard.
“Odd,” Sophie muttered under her breath, unable to decide what she had done to startle them. “Did you see-” she started to ask, turning to Aunt Marilyn, but stopped when she noticed she was alone. She felt a shock of embarrassment, feeling foolish at having been standing by herself without knowing it. She thought maybe that was why the couple had acted so strange.
A few steps forward allowed her to see past the line of hedges and there she saw them strolling leisurely, half a block from where she stood, seemingly unaware that a member of their group was missing. A small voice in the back of her head whispered something about being dispensable. Ignoring the depressing, albeit familiar, thought, she half-ran to catch up and sidled up to Aunt Marilyn.
“Whatever you want, Katie,” Tim was saying. “Let's just decide, here. What's it going to be?”
“It's not that simple,” Katie whined, clapping her hands together with a loud snap.
She kept silent as they walked, catching bits of the conversation between her father and sister. It did not sound as though Katie was getting her way, and Sophie was surprised by her father's adamant refusal to pay for whatever it was she was demanding. It wasn't until they stopped before a large cottage turned restaurant that she finally spoke, and only in an attempt to soften her sister's sour look.
“You made such a great choice, Kate. This town is perfect for your wedding.”
“I suppose,” Katie answered with a sniff. She brushed her long hair away from her shoulders. “I just wish the people here weren't so snobby.”
“That's my daughter,” laughed Carol, running a thin hand down Katie's hair. “Always wants the best of everything. You get that from your mother, sweetie.”
Sophie ignored the comment, frustrated by her family’s unforgiving judgment of others, and resigned herself to follow silently as they entered the restaurant. Upon being seated, however, their waiter did nothing but validate her sister’s opinion. His cold behavior remained constant throughout their meal and Sophie noticed that, on more than one occasion, he cringed at the possibility of an accidental brush of hands. While handing Katie her large bowl of spinach salad, he clutched only a tiny portion of porcelain, keeping his fingers a safe distance from her sister's perfectly manicured nails. Once they had all been served, he did not return.
After some time, they were full and quiet, and only then did he approach the table with a worn, leather folder. He did not smile, and ignored Tim's outstretched hand, placing the folder on the table with a snap. Watching him walk away, Sophie noticed several heads turned in her direction. Making eye contact with a middle-aged woman, she gave a weak smile and was not surprised when the woman hastily turned her head away, holding up one hand to shield her eyes.
Tim threw a few foreign currency bills into the folder.
“This one is on me, ladies,” he said with a smile. “But next time, it's your treat.”
The others laughed and Sophie forced a smile, knowing her father was not entirely joking.
She had cleared out much of her savings in order to attend her sister's wedding, despite her reservations. Had it been entirely up to her, she may have skipped the trip altogether. Her parents had been adamant she attend, but made no mention of assistance, and she had been too proud to ask. Sophie had learned early on to expect no more than the basic necessities from her parents, despite their wealth, and as she grew she began to sense an inequality in their treatment of her compared to her sister.
Uncle Gus had driven the thought from her mind.
You are stronger because of it, she heard his familiar words in her memory.
As she thought back to her job at the small, used-book store that Uncle Gus had found for her, she fought back a deep sadness. He had wanted her to save up, go to college, and she had managed to accumulate a generous amount before having to spend so much on the trip. Regret nagged her at the thought.
She forced it from her mind, feeling utterly selfish, and shook her head. It was her sister's wedding, after all, and well worth the money. She had no right to feel entitled to anything, and she knew it.
As they passed the front counter on their way out, she caught a glimpse of their waiter crouched behind it. He was rummaging through the cupboards underneath, and did not see them pass. Aunt Marilyn paused and placed a friendly hand on his shoulder.
“Thank you so much,” she began. “It was-”
She yanked her hand back as he jerked upright and stumbled out of reach. His eyes were wide and he leaned back into the counter, as if hoping to ward her off.
“Oh, I'm sorry,” Aunt Marilyn proclaimed, putting a hand out in apology. “I didn't mean to startle you.”
“No,” the waiter spoke, his voice deep and his accent strong. “Please. Have a nice day.”
He remained still, keeping his eyes focused on her hand as she lowered it. His blue eyes shifted to Sophie's face and she couldn’t understand why she saw fear in them.
“Let's go,” Katie's voice rang out.
Sophie tore her eyes from the frightened man's face. Katie stood by the door, one hand resting on the handle, and tapped her foot impatiently. Tim and Carol rushed to her side, ignorant of the waiter's strange behavior.
“He sure was strange,” Aunt Marilyn said, placing a hand on Sophie's arm. “Are you ready to go?”
“Yeah,” Sophie replied. She glanced back at the waiter, but he was gone. “Let's go.”

The black truck navigated the winding gravel road, twisting and bumping with barely a jostle to its occupants. As they drove, Sophie could not keep the waiter's fear-filled eyes from her thoughts. The motive behind his reaction was a complete mystery to her.
“Maybe he just doesn't trust foreigners,” she said to herself upon reaching the quiet safety of her room. The stone walls repeated her words back to her, exacerbating the room's emptiness. With nothing to do but wait for dinner, she made her way to the bathroom, locking herself in and taking a moment to relax.
The modern features of the bathroom stood in stark contrast to the rest of the castle. It had all been recently re-done, according to her aunt, though the plumbing and electrical had been added many years prior. The granite counter and claw-footed tub stood out against the chipped stone tiles of the floor and walls. She turned the brass handle on the edge of the tub, holding her hand under the stream of freezing water until it gradually began to warm. With the warmth grew a feeling of calm, and she pulled off her clothes in anticipation of immersing her body entirely in its depths.
After a few minutes, the soothing water had all but put her to sleep. She lazed against the padded headrest with her eyes closed and let the silence pound against her ears. Her fingers ran down the length of her thighs, massaging away every last ounce of tension. She sighed, absolutely content for the first time in weeks. Pulling her arms from the water and resting her hands on the edges of the tub, she immersed her shoulders and neck, feeling the frigid air pierce through the layer of moisture on her exposed skin.
After twenty minutes – her fingertips shriveled and her skin flushed with heat – she had almost decided to peel herself from the luxury when a deafening crash just outside the bathroom door shook the mirror on the wall and created shallow ripples on the surface of the water. Jolting upright, Sophie glanced at the space under the door, half-hoping to see the shadow of feet on the other side. She listened for a moment before standing and wrapping herself in one of the castle's oversized towels. Tiptoeing to the door, the towel clutched in both hands, she pressed her ear against the cold wood and closed her eyes, waiting.
Save for the slow drip of water draining in the tub behind her, all was silent.
She stepped back, taking a deep breath to slow her racing heart, and pulled the door open an inch. Peeking through the crack, she could see that her bag was still sitting untouched on the chair and all in her line of sight remained intact.
Opening the door further, she stepped forward.
“Hello?” she called softly into the empty room. After a moment of complete silence, she left the safety of the moist bathroom, feeling foolish. The sound must have come from outside somewhere. She chuckled at her reaction, scolding herself for being so wound up as she rifled through her clothes and began to dress.

The following morning, Sophie woke late.
She had tossed and turned for hours after climbing between the cool sheets. Though the sun had barely set when she excused herself from the dinner table, she had not fallen asleep until nearly three o'clock in the morning. Even then, her dreams were disturbed and fitful.
A foggy memory floated through her mind as she sat up in bed and rubbed her eyes. Vengeful eyes glared at her from underneath a mass of dark hair, a sharp finger jabbed at her chest. She felt a glimmer of apprehension, but shook her head.
“Just a dream,” she whispered.
Swinging her sleep-heavy legs over the edge of the bed, she reached for her watch on the bedside table. A quick glance at its face sent her hand flying to her head and she let out a shout of dismay.
“Five-thirty?” she gasped. “That's impossible!”
Soaring out of bed, she flew through the room, stopping in front of the large, antique clock above the mantle. Her mind was already racing through excuses, anything to explain how she had slept through the day and missed the arrival of Katie's groom that afternoon.
One look at the clock set her heart at ease and she laughed out loud in relief.
“I am such an idiot,” she said to herself, twisting the small dial on her watch until the hands reflected the proper time zone. “Eleven-thirty.”
Standing for a minute, letting the adrenaline filter out of her bloodstream, she was surprised at how awake she felt after such a terrible night. The bathroom mirror reflected nothing of the sporadic rest she had had, save for a slight shadow under her eyes. She dragged her body back to the bed and debated whether or not to crawl into the disgruntled sheets. She stood at its foot for a moment, feeling slightly guilty, before climbing onto the mattress on her hands and knees and shuffling toward the still warm and inviting pillows. The second before her head hit the sheets, a knock sounded on the door. She stifled a groan, pressing her face into the pillow, and waited.
Another knock echoed through the room.
“Sophie!” Katie called through the door. “You aren't still sleeping. Please tell me you aren't still sleeping.”
Heaving her reluctant body from the bed, Sophie padded across the room and pulled her door open.
“Hi,” she said, rubbing at her eyes.
“Are you kidding me?” Katie exploded with her hands on her hips and her eyes blazing. “It's almost noon!”
“Not for me,” Sophie grumbled. “I'm still on Nova Scotia time. It's before dawn in my brain.”
“You've been here for days, get used to it already.”
The harsh tone in Katie's voice did not permeate Sophie's skin like her mother’s would have and she only smiled, pulling the door open further and stepping back to allow her sister to sidle into the room.
“I swear, if you sleep through my wedding-”
“Don't worry,” she interrupted. “I just didn't sleep well last night. Your wedding will be perfect.”
Katie's face broke into a wide grin and she clapped her hands together. Her eyes lost focus as though she were looking into some far off place – a place that was not open to invitation.
“It will be perfect,” she said in a high voice, “just like it should be.”
Katie perused the room, rifling through Sophie's few belongings, as Sophie quickly showered and dressed. She was pulling a comb through her dark hair when Katie joined her in the bathroom. She held up a battered picture.
“Why do you carry this around?” she asked.
Blood rushed to her face as the familiar image met her eyes. It was the same photograph she had clutched for weeks after the death of her uncle, and still carried with her for comfort. The thought of her sister’s scrutiny made her blood run hot. She turned back to her reflection, hoping to avoid Katie's presumptuous glare.
“I don't know,” she answered, waiting to be sure that her voice would come out steady before she spoke. “It's comforting.”
“Hm,” Katie shrugged, looking at the picture again. “I don't understand why you liked him so much. I mean, he was a nice guy, but he was weird.”
“He was not weird,” Sophie replied, instantly regretting her sharp tone. “I mean, I know some people didn't understand him, but I did.”
“Yeah, but now he's dead.”
The words pierced Sophie's heart like hot blades, knocking the breath from her lungs. Her teeth ground together, fighting against the fury that threatened to explode. What she wouldn't have given to unleash her fury upon her sister, to let every ounce of frustration burst forth in a single moment of freedom and release.
Instead, she turned, forced a small smile and gingerly took the picture back.
Katie shrugged again and made her way to the bedroom door. As she exited the room, she spoke once more without turning back.
“Let it go, Sophie. There are more important things.”
Chapter 4

A soft breeze ruffled the leaves in the trees of the thick forest surrounding the Isa Caecilia. Beyond the perimeter of a sunny courtyard, a doe stepped cautiously through the underbrush, avoiding the sharp needles that pricked from every angle. Her wide ears twisted from side to side, her lithe body permanently tensed, as though sensing danger in every sound. She lowered her head for only a second, snatching a mouthful of foliage before jerking upright once more, twisting and listening.
Behind her, only a few yards away, a figure crept silently through the shadows. Its footfalls made no sound, though the bracken underfoot was dried and stiff.
The doe had made a slight trail through the thickness, and the figure weaved in and out of sight, following the path. At intervals, the animal would glance around as though aware of a presence, but unable to determine its location.
As the figure lurched toward her, she burst forward in a fit of speed, barreling through the trees into the well-manicured courtyard, startling a group of women sitting around a patio table.
“Oh, my!” A wide-set blonde spluttered, holding a hand to her heart.
The figure stopped just inside the curtain of trees. He peered through the tangled branches, watching the women, all thought of the deer washed from his mind.
Three blondes crowded one side of the table. On the other, a young woman with long, black hair sat facing the trees. When the deer had darted across the lawn, her body had twitched in surprise, but her arms were once again wrapped around her torso and she was staring away from the others, lost in thought.
Catching sight of her face, the figure – hidden only by a thin veil of branches – froze. Even the soft breath that passed his lips was cut off. Had he dared to try, he could not have pulled his eyes away.
The position of her lips, the line of her nose, it was all so familiar. Too familiar. He narrowed his eyes, leaning forward in an effort to focus. As he did, a branch shattered under the weight of his foot, sending a loud crack echoing through the wind. The sound jarred every nerve in his body as he waited for the women to turn in surprise.
Watching the back of one blonde head, he held his breath, fists clenched. She did not turn.
With a heavy exhale, he crouched to the ground and shifted to the right in order to see the black-haired girl again. As her face came into view, he jolted back, a silent curse on his lips.
Her dark eyes were fixed on him.
No, he thought. Not on him, that was impossible. She must have heard the snap of the branch under his foot.
Before he could contemplate further, the three blondes stood, pushing their teacups away and shifting their skirts before making for the open patio doors. The black-haired girl sat for a moment, watching the area he had occupied a moment ago, before rising to her feet. He watched as she stepped slowly to the doors, the others having already disappeared inside, and placed a hand on the door-frame. After a slight pause, she turned her head to look over her shoulder.
He froze again, though he was now deep enough in shadow that there was no possibility of her seeing his form. Something in her gaze unsettled him.
After a moment, she turned and disappeared through the doors, leaving nothing but sunlight and silence behind her.

Sophie stood on the wide stone veranda, watching as a tall, greying man stepped from her father's truck. Streaks of silver ran through his hair from temple to ear, contrasting sharply with the dark brown surrounding it. His toned arms bulged under the tight cotton of his shirt, a smile stretched wide on his tanned face and perfectly straight teeth glistened in the afternoon sun. It was plain to see why Brian Hunter had struck her sister's fancy.
“Brian!” Carol chimed, running forward to embrace him. Katie had stepped forward initially, but her mother made no apology for stealing the first contact.
“Mrs. Iris,” Brian smiled down at the slim woman. Though Carol stood at least five inches taller than Sophie, he towered over her. “It's wonderful to see you again.”
Tim sauntered around the front of the vehicle, running a hand over its glossy black hood.
“Here's your betrothed, daughter,” he said in a deep voice, bowing low and motioning toward Katie. “Safe and sound, as promised.”
Katie screeched with laughter, running toward Brian. He stood with arms outstretched, and Carol was forced to step aside with a sour look on her face. Wrapping his arms around Katie's waist, he lifted her in the air and laughed heartily.
“Hello, my darling,” he said, his eyes filled with happiness. “I've missed you.”
Aunt Marilyn cleared her throat expectantly, and Katie swung around with a look of apology on her face.
“Oh,” she said, grasping Brian's hand in both of hers. “Brian, this is my Aunt Marilyn.”
“Hello,” Brian said, extending his free hand toward Aunt Marilyn, who took it eagerly and shook it, keeping her eyes locked on his handsome face.
“So very nice to meet you,” she said, her voice somewhat higher than usual.
By then, Sophie had made her way down the stairs, though still maintaining a comfortable distance. Katie made no move to introduce her, but Brian caught a glimpse of her over Aunt Marilyn's shoulder. Looking first at Katie, who turned to her mother, he took a step forward and smiled in Sophie's direction.
“You must be Sophie,” he said, extending his hand once more for Sophie to take.
She did, reluctantly, and smiled in response.
“Nice to meet you,” was all she said.
After unloading Brian's luggage, the couple led the way into the castle. Katie talked incessantly, clinging to her fiancé’s arm. Carol and Tim trailed them in silence. With nothing planned for the remainder of the afternoon and Katie absorbed in Brian's attention, Carol demanded that the family break up.
“For a breather,” she said, but Sophie knew better. The lack of enthusiasm in Brian's greeting had left her bitter and disappointed, and she pitied her father. She knew the next few hours would be torturous for him.
“I think I'll take a short rest,” Aunt Marilyn said to Sophie when they were alone in the hall outside their adjoining rooms. “You'll be okay on your own?”
“Sure,” she replied, waving her aunt in the direction of her room. “Go relax. I'd like to wander a bit anyway.”
With a smile, Aunt Marilyn retreated into her room. Sophie watched until the door had clicked shut and the lock sounded before heading in the opposite direction. She made her way down a flight of stairs and through the foyer before choosing a route she had not yet travelled. A tall archway welcomed her into a narrow hall. Dim light bounced from hanging mirrors, brightening her way.
Many of the halls and rooms she travelled through had the same brass light fixtures, from tiny candle-shaped sconces to huge chandeliers hanging from high ceilings. She quickly became lost in the ancient details of the decor, absorbing as much as she could while she walked, and paying no attention to where she was headed. An open expanse of sitting room led her to a wide corridor. Tall wooden doors opened into a high-ceilinged conservatory, and opposite them stood a floor to ceiling stone mural.
She entered the conservatory, drawn to it by the bright sunlight falling through the walls of windows. Potted trees, shrubs and flowers greeted her, creating wide paths throughout the room. The room felt like an extension of the garden outside, giving the illusion of openness, and the musky fragrance of foliage engulfed her. She inhaled deeply, brushing her hand against the leaves of a nearby tree, feeling moisture under her fingertips.
Near the far windows, a small seating area had been arranged in a tight half-circle, positioned so that the view beyond was not obscured.
Sophie sat in one of the chairs, blissfully aware of the relaxing rush of a small fountain somewhere unseen, when a break in the wall near the corner caught her eye. Craning her neck, she squinted through the leaves of a large potted tree. The space seemed no larger than a few inches, but dim sunlight filtered through from behind. A large shrub had been crammed right up to it, blocking the lower half of the crack with its billowing branches, but was not tall enough to conceal it entirely.
Out of curiosity, she rose and approached it, keeping her eyes locked on the light coming from behind. As she neared, she realized that the opening was larger than it had appeared from afar. Her whole body would fit through if she squeezed in sideways.
Shifting the branches and placing her hands on either side of the crack, Sophie leaned forward and peered through. The first few steps of a spiral stairway were visible beyond, and the sunlight seemed to pour in from above, further up from the few stairs she could see.
A rustle behind her made her jump and she turned, stepping away from the wall, tucking her hands behind her as if trying to protect the open space. There was no one to be seen, but the leaves trembled on the thin tree near the entrance, as though they had been shifted by a breeze.
She waited for a breath before returning her attention to the space in the wall. Leaving no time to second guess her actions, she turned her body and pressed through the tight space. It did not take much effort, as she was fairly thin, but the narrowness of the crack made her feel claustrophobic. Once through, her eyes adjusted quickly to the dim light, but the lingering dust in the air made them burn and itch.
She stuck her toes out, grazing the first step, and craned her neck to peer upwards. She could see nothing beyond the curving stone wall. The stairway was so narrow she could touch both walls without extending her arms at all, and she let her fingers trace the rough lines in the stone as she ascended, curiosity pulling her forward. Small clouds of dust erupted under her feet as she climbed. It was obvious this part of the castle was not intended to be seen by visitors. No sconces lit the way, no decorations were hung. The only light came from the few small windows along the outside wall.
After a surprising number of steps, Sophie finally came to a small, dust-lined landing. Cobwebs hung across the doorway opposite the stairs. She hesitated at first, but crossed the small space and pushed open the weathered wooden door. A loud creak betrayed her presence as it swung inward, sending clouds of dust billowing through the air, and causing her to sneeze. Her nose and eyes were itchy and red from all the debris.
Rubbing tears from her eyelashes, she took a moment to absorb what lay inside. It was a small room, not unlike the rooms in the main area of the castle. The walls were smooth stone, the windows shuttered. If it weren't for the overflowing amount of clutter, Sophie would have thought the room to be quaint, but apprehension crept over her as she tiptoed around a towering pile of books. Furniture lay in masses while open chests, overflowing with yellowed parchment and torn books, were shoved up against the piles. Sheets draped over heaps of clutter and the sunlight filtering through the cracks in the shutters cast an eerie glow over the entire scene. She took another step forward and then stopped, turning on the spot, trying to avoid toppling the piles around her. Being unable to see much further than the nearest towering mounds, she began to walk a careful round, brushing her fingers gently along the edges of their peaks.
As she stepped over yet another stack of old books, her toes brushed the corner of the topmost one, sending the pile toppling with a soft thud. Her body froze, her foot still held aloft as she waited for a response.
“There's no one here,” she reminded herself quietly, ashamed at her unfounded anxiousness.
Bending, she began re-stacking the books, turning each one over in her hand before placing it back on the pile. A few caught her attention because of their obvious age but she could not recognize any of the titles. Straightening her legs, she inhaled deeply, the scent of mold filling her nostrils and making her grimace as she brushed the dust from her knees. A chest, lying just underneath one of the three windows, caught her eye. It was solid wood, stained a dark red, with elaborate carvings along each of the four outer corners. The carvings, however, were not what caught her attention. The wood was brilliantly shined, reflecting the tiny streams of light filtering into the room. It seemed out of place amongst the surrounding dusty artifacts.
With hesitant steps, Sophie neared it, her curiosity peaking.
A large, sweeping “A” gleamed up at her from the center of the lid. She traced the line of it with her fingertip, feeling the thin groove under her skin. Not a speck of dust rested on any surface. Even the tiny spaces along the braided carvings were sparkling clean. The contrast to the rest of the room was startling. The hinges twisted without strain as she carefully lifted the lid, and she was immediately embraced by soft floral scents. Dainty lace lay in small piles, telling her the owner must have been female. A pang of guilt struck her as she lifted the articles from their resting place. These were not her memories.
Despite her conscience, something urged her to dig deeper, so she pushed the guilt aside and sat cross-legged on the floor in front of the chest. Reaching inside, she felt a thick length of ribbon run through her fingers and seized a mass of soft fabric. She recognized it as a bonnet, the same style worn by the women in the paintings Aunt Marilyn collected. Fighting the urge to place it on her head, Sophie dropped it into the chest and poked carefully at the other items.
Underneath the layer of silk and lace were piles of papers. Some were so worn that they crumbled under her gentle touch. As they did, she felt another wave of guilt. She shifted her weight, leaning forward on her knees in order to prod more carefully. When the tips of her fingers met the familiar feel of soft leather, she wrapped a hand around the length of what felt like a book and gently pulled it free.
Passing the brown leather from one hand to the other, she was surprised to find it filled with well-worn pages, a length of string holding it shut. Pulling gently on the knot, the guilt continued to grow until it became an ever-present thump in her ears. She cracked open the leather cover, amazed by how smooth it felt under her fingers, and saw thin, feminine handwriting covering the first of many yellowed pages.
Though she did not understand the language, she recognized it to be German. As she flipped carefully through each page, she noticed that a date was written on every top right hand corner.
The first read 1.4.1860.
Scanning the delicate handwriting, she paused at certain words, almost recognizing them. She tried to piece familiar words together, but soon gave up. Each page was filled with the same sweeping longhand and she let her eyes float over the unknown phrases. The changing dates at the top of each page were the only indication that time was passing for the writer. It was not until she reached the final eight or ten pages that Sophie noticed a growing change. While the first pages were elegantly written, every inch covered with the elaborate scrawl, the last few were increasingly sporadic and choppy. The handwriting was almost unrecognizable, swerving and dipping chaotically, as though the writer had scrawled the words with great haste.
A few areas on each page had been blotted by drops of water.
Or tears, thought Sophie, pressing the tip of her finger against one of the many spots.
Through her search for familiar words, she caught sight of a name repeated ever increasingly in the final pages of the journal. Up until the very last page, where the words were scrawled so furiously that even if they had been written in English she would not have been able to read them, the name was evident in every other sentence and scribbled into the margins.
“Lukas,” Sophie whispered.
A second later, she leapt to her feet, the journal tumbling from her startled hands and landing with a soft rustle on the silk in the chest. She whirled on the spot, prepared to see someone standing behind her, the source of the breath on the back of her neck and the shivers down her spine. Her eyes moved in fearful spurts around the room, seeing nothing but the various piles of discarded furniture. With a deep breath, she shook her trembling hands in front of her, trying to dispel the adrenaline that had been released into her bloodstream a moment before.
A small breath of wind blew through one of the windows and she moved toward it, running her finger carefully along the jagged glass. She had not noticed the hole when she arrived.
“Just the wind,” she whispered.
Stepping back to the chest, a painting caught her eye. It was leaning against the far wall, blocked from view by a sheet-draped mound. Something about the face looking out from behind a curtain of thick black hair drew Sophie closer, as though the dark eyes called her name. She knelt in front of it, pushing a small pile of tarnished silver cutlery to the side, and studied the features of the woman on the canvas.
Black hair flowed in sharp contrast with the pale, white face. Full lips, painted a bloody red, pressed together in a smug grimace and glossy eyes mirrored the arrogance written all over the woman's expression. Looking closely, Sophie could see a faint signature on the bottom left hand side, just under the pale white elbow jutting from a black sleeve. Leaning forward, she reached out to turn the painting over, hoping to find an inscription or more legible signature on the back. As her hands made contact with the thick, wooden frame, a deafening crash shook her to her bones and she tumbled forward, colliding with the covered pile. It was solid as a wall, presumably a cabinet of sorts, and stars flashed in front of her eyes as she clasped a hand to her head. It took a moment to shake off the dizziness, sitting on the floor with her back to the painting. When her head stopped spinning, she could hear her pulse thudding in her ears.
Without stopping to discover what had fallen, she jumped from the floor and hastened to the exit. Something in her screamed danger, but she could not understand why. Her heart did not slow as she navigated a path through the rubble. The closer she got to the opening that led to the stairway and freedom, the stronger the response to her fear became. It was as though she could feel a presence behind her, urging her forward, reaching out and pressing its gnarled fingers against her back to force her away.
She could not help but spin around once she reached the landing. Her hands flew up in frightened surrender. The room gaped back at her, empty despite its overflowing contents. A sharp wheezing reached her ears and she jumped in shock only to realize moments later that it was coming from her own mouth. Her breath came in gasps and her heart rushed, pumping blood through her veins at lightning speed.
Taking a deep breath and lowering her shaking hands, Sophie waited until her body calmed before turning back to the stairs. When she did, she let out a scream, falling backwards and colliding with the doorframe. She clutched at her chest with both hands.
“Are you alright?”
The old man she had met in the ballroom stood inches from her, an empty silver serving tray in his hands and a look of surprised concern on his face. “I did not intend to startle you.”
“No,” Sophie gasped, still clutching her chest. “No, it's alright. I was just,” she paused, unsure of how to explain.
Seeing her hesitation, a smile appeared on the man's face. He seemed breathless, exuberant, and his smile did not falter as he looked her over.
“No need to explain,” he said, raising a hand. “There are many mysteries in this castle, though I have never met another quite as susceptible to them as you.”
Sophie looked at her feet, a flush rising in her cheeks.
“I'm,” she began, but a soft chuckle made her look up. The man was holding a wrinkled hand to his mouth, his eyes crinkled and sparkling with amusement. She could not help but crack a sheepish smile in response.
“Do not apologize,” he said, waving a hand. “You must understand, I am not angry. Far from it. Your presence here has given me hope.”
“Hope?” Sophie repeated. “Why?”
“There are many things that give an old man hope,” he said, his eyes glancing over Sophie's shoulder. His face went hard. Sophie looked behind her. The room was as empty as it had been before.
“Curiosity is a blessing,” he said, “and a curse. This room contains many things, not all of them welcoming. May I show you the way out?”
With that, the man turned and headed back down the narrow stairs, taking them at such a pace that she struggled to keep up. Despite his obvious age, he was fluid and agile. The crisp air in the conservatory was like clean water, washing the thick dust from Sophie’s lungs as they stepped through the opening in the wall.
“Miss Iris,” the man said, turning to her and bowing slightly. “A pleasure.”
“Wait,” Sophie said as he turned to leave. “Please, I really am sorry. I'm going to try my best to stifle my curiosity.”
“No need,” said the man. He hesitated for a fraction of a second before extending his hand. Sophie took it, and she felt it tremble as he tightened his grip, an astonished smile on his face. “I am Rausch. Please, be at home here. If there is anything you need-”
“Thank you,” Sophie said quickly. She could hear the familiar tap of her mother's high heels on the stone floor outside of the conservatory. “I'm sorry. My mother is coming, would you like to meet her?”
“I would, but I cannot,” he answered, his smile vanishing. He exited the room with such speed that Sophie was left with her hand still outstretched. “Good day, my dear.”
“Here you are,” Carol rounded the corner and seized her daughter's arm. “Why is it that you are always missing when I need you?”

When she climbed out of bed the next morning, Sophie clutched her pounding head and staggered to the bathroom. Looking at herself in the mirror – her dark-circled eyes and tangled mess of hair – she heaved a ragged sigh and bent to splash water over her face.
“Too much wine,” she muttered, peeling off her pajamas and tossing them into the corner.
When the shower was running hot, she stepped carefully over the edge of the claw-footed tub and into the stream of steaming water. Her ears were pounding with the pressure of her hangover and she ran through the past night's events as she allowed the heat to loosen the knots in her shoulders and neck.
Her mother had seized her from the conservatory and dragged her, somewhat reluctantly, to Katie's room on the third floor. The moment she entered her sister's suite, Sophie felt the tension settle on her like lead, pulling her mind away from the cluttered room and placing it back on the discomfort surrounding her family's presence.
Carol perched, legs crossed, in the center of Katie's bed looking more like a senior in high school than a middle-aged mother of two with her blonde hair sweeping across her forehead and her fitted shirt clinging to her sculpted body. In an instant of insecurity, Sophie tugged at the hem of her own t-shirt.
Katie sat shuffling through a pile of notes on the coffee table, muttering to herself as she pulled out papers and set them to the side. After a few moments, she pranced across the room, papers in hand, and settled on the bed beside her mother. Sophie perched on the edge of an upholstered chair and folded her hands on her knees in expectation.
“Where were we?” Carol said, seizing the papers from her daughter's hands. She had obviously claimed control of the situation as Katie made no protest but merely beamed as her mother shuffled through the pages. “Oh, good. This hall will work perfectly, except for the statues. We'll have them moved.”
“What are they?” Sophie asked, trying to thrust herself into the conversation.
“What are what?” Carol asked, without removing her gaze from the papers.
“The statues.”
“What do you mean? They're people.”
“Oh.”
Carol looked up long enough to give her oldest daughter a withering look before turning to Katie. The two of them began to discuss details with great enthusiasm. Sophie sighed and resolved to keep her mouth shut. It was a practice she had become quite good at when in the presence of her mother.
Through the windows across the room, Sophie could see the courtyard they had eaten brunch in that morning. The sun was not streaming in from overhead any longer but instead casting long shadows across the grass. She could see the corner of the patio where the table sat, and directly across was a tiered flowerbed. The break in the trees beyond was familiar and she looked at it again, wondering if whatever it was that had seized her attention that morning was still lurking beyond the border of shadows.
As she wondered, she squinted through the window at the trees trying to spot a black mass of shadows, when Katie's voice broke through her thoughts.
“Sophie?”
“Sorry,” she said, turning her head toward her sister but keeping her eyes locked on the window. “I didn't hear you.”
“It might help to pay attention,” her mother added. At that, Sophie tore her gaze away from the courtyard and looked Katie in the eye.
“What did you say?” she asked politely.
“I said, were you planning on doing a toast?”
“I,” she hesitated. The tone in her sister's voice did not suggest that it was mandatory. “No?”
“Oh, good,” Katie sighed. “That will free up some much needed time for Mom.”
With a nod, Sophie turned back to the window, resisting the urge to stand up and dance. A weight she hadn’t paid much attention to lifted from her shoulders. It was soon after that the bottle of wine had been ordered, followed by a second and third.
A sudden shiver ran down her spine and Sophie realized that she was in a stream of freezing water, and she felt her legs quiver with cold. Hugging herself with dripping arms, she used her foot to turn the shower handle off and pulled the curtain open. Warmth spread through her almost immediately after she wrapped her body in a freshly cleaned towel and she padded from the bathroom, avoiding her reflection on the way out.
Her headache had faded with the heat of the water, but returned quickly upon getting dressed. She rubbed her forehead with her fingertips and skulked down the hall, squinting away the bright sunlight that burned her eyes. Just as she raised her hand to knock on Aunt Marilyn's door, a voice called out beside her.
“I'm here, dear.” Aunt Marilyn came huffing toward Sophie, one hand pressed to her chest.
“Good morning,” Sophie said, her voice hoarse. She tried coughing quietly, but Aunt Marilyn chuckled.
“How are you feeling? You were quite tame for having finished off three bottles of wine.”
“I didn't drink them alone,” Sophie replied, indignant. “Mom and Katie had some, too.”
“Yes,” Aunt Marilyn patted Sophie's shoulder. “That's true.”
Without another word, she seized her niece's elbow, steering her down the hall toward the breakfast room. It was a small space, with floor to ceiling windows and thick, draping curtains. A huge table filled the space. Rich, dark wood and heavy high-backed chairs complimented the blood-red tapestries along the walls. Behind the table, on the far end of the room, sat an elaborate serving table covered with silver trays of fresh fruit, pastries and champagne glasses filled with various beverages.
Aunt Marilyn made her way to the food, seized a stoneware plate and began piling items onto it. Sophie stood behind, looking around her. She had not eaten in the breakfast room before and the striking decor intrigued her.
It wasn't until Aunt Marilyn turned around and strode past that the scent of fresh pastries and cream wafted through the air, causing Sophie's mouth to water. She filled her own plate, joined her aunt at the table and dug in without a word.
Popping a third strawberry into her mouth, she leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the sweet flavor as it rolled over her tongue and tickled her cheeks. Aunt Marilyn was chatting animatedly at her, waving her hands through the air, though Sophie was not quite sure what she was saying. Her glance had focused on an area to the side of the serving table, in a darkened alcove. Some slight movement caught her attention a moment before, but she could see nothing in the shadow.
“For the first time, I feel excited. I know you know that I have had some difficulty since,” Aunt Marilyn paused, casting her eyes up to the ceiling. Sophie was shaken to discover that her aunt was discussing Uncle Gus for the first time in over a year and was horrified by her own lack of attentiveness. Continuing with a deep sigh, Aunt Marilyn smiled at Sophie, “since he passed. I truly think that this trip was the best thing for me.”
She paused again, but only for a fraction of a second.
“And for you.”
“Me?” Sophie's eyes widened.
“Yes, you. You've changed since he died, Sophie. I thought you were grieving, but it's more than that. It's like,” she hesitated, “like your spark is gone.”
If she hadn't been so shocked at her aunt's observation, Sophie would have laughed. Instead, she averted her eyes, fighting the urge to sulk like a spoiled child, and said nothing.
Aunt Marilyn continued. “Please, don't be angry. I want you to feel better. I want to feel better. We can help each other.”
The pleading tone in Aunt Marilyn's voice tore at Sophie's heart. Her eyes filled with unexpected tears and she looked up at her aunt, whose eyes were also swimming.
“I'm not angry,” she managed to whisper, brushing the back of her hand over her eyes. “Maybe at myself. I thought I was managing, but obviously not. If you could tell just by looking at me-”
“It's not so bad, honey,” Aunt Marilyn interrupted. “I just know you so well. I could see the difference in you. I'm sure I've changed a lot too.”
“You're a better actress than I am,” Sophie said, folding her arms across her chest. Her heart felt stiff and hollow and she yearned for solitude and the chance to expel the emotions that had welled so suddenly. Aunt Marilyn must have sensed her thoughts, because she dabbed at the corners of her mouth with her napkin and rose slowly to her feet.
“I think I'll take a walk. You don't mind finishing up on your own?”
“No,” Sophie replied. “Have a good time.”
With that, her aunt left and she was on her own. The bright sunlight streaming through the window was at odds with the shadow that had fallen over her. Thoughts of Uncle Gus flashed in her mind and she squeezed her eyes shut, wishing them away but they would not go. Tears flooded to the surface again at the memory of his final days in the hospital.
He had looked so weak, so frail. It was not her uncle that she watched struggling for breath and clutching her hand. It was a shadow of him, a shadow that was slowly being crushed by the weight of the cancer that had consumed his lungs, his blood, his body. The arms that had once wrapped around her, lifted her in the air, provided her with a sense of comfort and acceptance she had not experienced before or since, were shrunken and withered. She had clasped his hand in hers, felt the dull thump of his pulse falter on her fingers and watched his final breath shudder from his lips. Death had taken him quietly in the end, though his suffering had lasted nearly nine months.
When she lifted a hand to her face, it was wet with fresh tears. She wiped them away with her fist, the napkin in her lap forgotten. Shifting in her chair, Sophie prepared to rise when a familiar figure in the corner caught her eye.
He gave the tiniest of nods when their eyes met but she was too startled to respond. Her first thought was that he was a staff member there to assist them while they ate, but his old-fashioned clothes and the memory of his languid posture in the entrance hall on their first day at the Isa made her think again. She was wary of the way he kept to the shadows. Averting her eyes for a moment she fidgeted with the tablecloth in front of her but before she could gather the courage to speak, she looked up again and he had vanished. Brushing her lips with her napkin, she stood from her chair and pushed her un-emptied plate to the center of the table.
She made her way to the small sitting room from which she could access the patio and courtyard they had used the previous day. Sitting upon one of the two loveseats were Brian and Katie. He leaned back into the armrest while Katie splayed her feet upon his thighs and basked in his unfaltering attention. Sophie battled with herself, standing awkwardly in the hall, trying to decide whether she should find another exit from the castle to avoid disturbing them when Katie glanced in her direction.
“Soph,” she squealed, stretching out both her arms in a show of welcoming. “We were just talking about you.”
“Oh?”
“Don't get worked up, it wasn't anything interesting. Where are you going?”
Sophie fiddled with the edge of her shirt and glanced out the French doors toward the trees.
“For a walk.”
Brian looked around at her. “By yourself?” he asked, concern crossing his handsome features.
Sophie felt heat rise in her cheeks at his attention. She kept her gaze carefully planted on the garden across from the patio while she answered.
“Sure,” she said, her voice slightly higher than usual. “I don't think there's much to fear out here.”
“What about bears?” Katie asked. Her eyes were closed in relaxation as Brian rubbed the arch of her foot with both hands. “Don't bears live in the forest? Or cougars?”
“I'm not going that far,” Sophie replied. “I just want some fresh air.”
“Be care-” Brian began, but Katie cut him off. Her eyes flashed open and for a moment Sophie thought she could see a glimmer of unidentifiable emotion in them.
“Don't get lost, or scratched, or hurt in any way. If you ruin my wedding, I'll kill you.”
“Honey-” Brian spoke again, but Katie raised a hand to silence him.
“I mean it,” she said, pointing a warning finger.
With raised eyebrows Sophie nodded, giving Brian a weak smile before hurrying to the doors and escaping onto the patio. As she shut the door, she could hear Katie speaking.
“I can't wait until it's just you and me. If I had it my way, we'd never leave the bedroom.”
Sophie shut the door with a loud snap and darted across the lawn, passing the colorful gardens overflowing with flowers, and disappeared into the shadow of trees. It wasn't until she was entirely out of sight of the castle that she slowed her pace.
If she had it her way, she thought bitterly. Hasn't it always been?
The air was cooler than she expected, sending a ripple of chill over her neck and arms. She pulled the sleeves of her shirt over her hands and balled the ends into her fists, unwilling to turn back for a jacket. Though sunlight pierced the curtain of trees in places, it offered nothing but a dull, green light. Her feet smothered the dried bracken carpeting the ground. With each step, the crunch of leaves echoed around her, interrupting the scattered birdsong that floated overhead.
In her haste to escape, she had chosen an area of wood that offered no path and left her to navigate the brush on her own. She scrambled through the dense plants. Low bushes and prickly weeds grabbed at her ankles as she passed. Branches caught her shirt every now and then, sending her stumbling. When she paused for breath and gently rubbed the shallow scrapes on her arms, it did not occur to her that she was travelling deeper than she intended into unknown territory. She plodded on, enjoying the silence and solitude, stepping over fallen trees and branches. There was no sign that any human had previously walked there – everything seemed pristine and untouched. Even the air was crisp, albeit dense, and she relished each deep breath that saturated her lungs with cleanliness.
An unseen branch swiped at her face and she cursed under her breath.
“Katie is going to kill me,” she said, rubbing at the sting on her cheek.
A few yards ahead, an ancient tree stood in her way, its wide trunk blocking most of her view. Carefully, she stepped around and over the cascading roots, one hand pressing against the coarse bark for balance. As she rounded the other side, a sigh of relief escaped her lips. A few yards away she could see a shallow path winding through the trees, perpendicular to the direction she had been travelling. Though she had been unaware of it, tension had begun to creep into her limbs, but the sight of the path loosened the anxiety. She stepped onto the narrow dirt path, instinctively turning to the left, and began to walk, keeping her pace relaxed.
The air had become warmer and the light no longer filtered into the trees at an angle. Sophie began to notice the burning tingle in her throat. The sudden awareness of her thirst indicated just how long she had been wandering alone. Anxiety began to build again. Though she had travelled a fair distance on the path, everything around her looked the same. Trees, shrubs, brush – there was nothing to stand out or inform her of her location. Her heart began to thud erratically, but she maintained a forced level of calm.
The narrow path twisted and curved around trees, leading Sophie on with few obstacles and after some time the trees began to thin and her nerves began to subside.
“Finally,” she breathed in relief. Her strides lengthened – every step growing more hopeful.
Branches reached at her as she passed, but she ignored everything except the bright light coming through the trees ahead of her. As she stepped through the barrier of trees, the sunlight burned her eyes and an unexpected heat wrapped itself around her body. A flock of birds was swept from the surrounding area, scattering in a flurry of rushing air, beating wings, and shrill calls.
As the bright spots faded from her vision, Sophie lowered her hands from her eyes. The moment of relief was shattered as she was met with the sight of a tiny wood cabin. She staggered back, her hand seizing a nearby tree trunk which she used to keep herself upright. The path had not been leading her in the right direction, after all.
The cottage appeared vacant. Weeds and vines crawled up the walls and windows, creating an eerie aura about the entire property. The stench of rotting plants wafted to Sophie's nose and she cringed in disgust. After a moment's hesitation, she dropped her hand from the tree and stepped forward. A rush of wind rustled the tall, yellowed grass and sent a whistle over the dilapidated roof of the tiny cottage. Curiosity mounted in her and she stepped through the weeds and grass to get a closer look. She could smell the mold in the wood, the scent growing stronger with every step she took.
Despite the overgrown nature of the place, the door was accessible on one side and she pressed a hand against the rough surface. To her surprise, it swung inwards with barely a creak. Stepping into the dimly lit space Sophie expected to see signs of abandonment and vacancy, but the cleanliness of the room shocked her. Sunlight filtered through the dust-fogged windows, casting light on the furniture and belongings scattered about.
A wooden dining table stood to her right. Four chairs sat around it and a vase of flowers decorated its center. The small kitchen was opposite the door, consisting only of a few cabinets and a wood-burning stove. The armchairs circled about a quaint fireplace made up a cozy living room to her left, and she spotted an open book laying on one of the armrests.
Only after absorbing the sight in front of her did Sophie realize that she was trespassing. The cottage was far from vacant, despite its outward appearance. She stepped back over the threshold quickly, pulling the door closed.
Before it could snap shut, she heard a voice call from inside.
“Stop.”
Her heart spluttered and she closed her eyes. Releasing the handle and stepping back, her hands raised involuntarily, palms forward, in a sign of apology. After a few quiet moments she realized no one had followed her. Her breath still came in short bursts, but the initial fear subsided. She stepped further from the door, prepared to leave, when a voice called again. It was coming from inside the cottage near the window that stood beside the table she had seen a moment before.
“Stop,” it said again.
Without a second thought, Sophie ran. She turned on her heels and bounded through the tall grass. Upon reaching the cover of trees, she flung herself behind a wide trunk and clutched her chest with both hands. Her breath was ragged, loud, but she could not stifle it nor the rush of adrenaline that had overtaken her senses.
Another glance back toward the cottage assured her that no one had followed her into the trees. With a deep breath, she turned to find the path but instead ran headlong into a tall form standing in front of her. Stumbling in shock, her heel caught a jutted tree root and she tumbled backwards. A loud crack echoed through the trees as her head collided with the thick bark of the tree, making the forest swim before her.
A moment later, a strong hand gripped her by the arm and pulled her forward, while another rested against the back of her head. Fingers prodded gently over the bruised area, causing her to wince in pain.
“What are you doing here?” a deep voice murmured in her ear.
“I-” she began, but another surge of pain made her cringe.
“It hurts?” the man asked, his fingers still combing through her hair.
Unable to speak again, Sophie gave a weak nod. The hand left her head and seized her other arm, pulling her to her feet. She stood unsteadily, focusing her eyes on the forest floor before trying to speak again.
“I-I got lost,” she mumbled.
“Not surprising,” the man said. “It is not wise to wander the forest alone.”
Her head was throbbing, protesting at the slightest movement. She did not answer, but moved her hands up to cradle the back of her skull. The skin was tender and slightly swollen, but there was no blood. A rustle made her look up, wincing as her eyes rolled in their sockets.
He had shifted to stand beside her, one hand still gripping her arm.
“I will show you the way,” he said, “but you must not come back here.”
His voice was soft, but the menace in his words sent a shudder through Sophie's body. She nodded in response and allowed him to steer her through the trees, frighteningly aware of how vulnerable she was. They went silently for a few minutes before she fought up enough courage to speak.
“I'm-” she began, “I mean, I didn't mean to-” her head throbbed, blood pulsed in her ears. She could not find the right words.
The man did not respond to her babble, but his grip loosened and his hand fell from her arm. She could feel the tingle of blood rushing to where his fingers had dug into her skin. The sun was falling lower in the sky, the warmth creeping from the air as quickly as the light. As they walked, her stomach rumbled and her legs began to feel weak.
He did not speak again until they reached a break in the trees, through which she could see the familiar patio across a shadowed courtyard.
“Oh,” she sighed. The pounding in her head had grown worse, but her eyes were focused and clear. “Thank you.”
Looking up into the man's face for the first time, she noticed that he was younger than she had thought. His eyes were dark and his features were hard, like his voice. Dark hair fell about his forehead, brushing over his eyebrows and ears. He watched her eyes as she studied him, but no sign of emotion appeared on his face. His glare remained cold.
With a slight nod, he turned away.
“Wait,” Sophie said, reaching out to touch his arm. He froze at the contact, looking down at her fingers. When he turned back to her, his eyebrows had furrowed and his eyes were bright. The sudden change took her aback, causing her to falter. Her hand fell limply to her side.
“H-How did you-” the question trailed as she watched him compose his face into the hard mask it had been.
“No one lives in this area,” he said, guessing the question she had failed to ask. “I assumed you were staying here. Was I wrong?”
“No,” she answered. “Not wrong. I'm sorry. Thank you for bringing me.”
With that she turned and half-ran through the courtyard, eager to be rid of his hard glare and cold voice. Without looking back, she pulled open one side of the doors and entered the castle. The bright halls welcomed her back with their warmth. She pulled the door shut and moved away from the window, still able to feel his eyes locked on her from afar.
Chapter 5

Sophie lounged on a reclined armchair, soaking in the bit of sunshine that managed to pierce the haze in the air. A warm breeze rustled the pages of the book she had let fall onto the patio floor beneath her. Her eyes were just beginning to droop with the heavy weight of fatigue when a screech in the room behind her made them fly open in surprise. Pulling her sunglasses onto the top of her head, she stretched her arms before rising to discover the source of the noise. When she entered the quaint sitting room, she could see a huddle of girls surrounding her sister. They squealed and laughed, embracing one another vivaciously.
“You look so good,” one girl was saying, petting the sides of Katie's long hair.
“I'm so jealous,” squealed another.
“I can't believe you're getting married!”
Katie reveled in the attention, standing in the center of the group with a bright smile. She held her left hand out at eye level, letting the large diamond flash in the afternoon sun. Sighs and coos filled the air. Sophie tiptoed past them, hoping to make a quick escape, when Katie called to her.
“Sophie,” she said, “come and meet my bridesmaids. Girls, this is my sister.”
Introductions were made, though Sophie was hard pressed to remember their names. They all looked so similar she thought they might have been siblings.
“You must be thrilled for Katie,” one of the girls said.
Holly? Sophie thought, narrowing her eyes in an effort to remember. No. Natalie.
“I am,” she answered, unable to decide which name was the correct fit. “She deserves all the happiness in the world.”
“She'll have enough money to buy it, that's for sure.”
The girl that spoke was standing on Katie's left. Her blonde hair was cropped to her shoulders and jealousy tainted her beautiful face.
“Holly,” Katie exclaimed, slapping the girl's arm. “Don't be mean.”
“I'm not!” Holly replied. “It's the truth.”
“She has been pouting since we left Toronto,” commented the brunette at Sophie's side.
“Oh, please,” Katie said, “I'm sure you will all find the right man, too. Let's just forget all of that and focus on what really matters.”
“Yeah,” Holly said, “you.”
“Right,” Katie smiled. “Nat, will you find Brian? I'm sure he will be thrilled to see you all.”
The brunette nodded and walked away, her long limbs flowing gracefully. The moment she was out of sight, the others began a hushed barrage of insults and accusations.
“Did you see what she wore?”
“I swear, she'll have slept with half the men working here before we leave.”
“Half? You mean all.”
“As long as she leaves mine alone, I don't care,” Katie said.
Three pairs of eyes turned to Sophie with expectation. She could feel the weight of unspoken pressure and opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came to her. She shut it again after an awkward moment of silence. Holly raised her eyebrows and the other blonde, Chantal, snorted.
“Let's go get a drink,” Holly said.
With that, they were gone. Sophie sighed in relief. With her mother and aunt busy in the ballroom and Katie entertained by her girlfriends, she was happy to have only herself to please. She had almost decided to try out the pool in solitude when Rausch hurried out of a small adjoining chamber.
He called her name, motioning for her to join him. The look on his face startled her. His eyes were wide, fearful, and she felt her muscles tense involuntarily.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Yes, yes,” he said, his voice low and rushed. The way he glanced around, as though expecting someone to seize him, unnerved her. “I must speak with you.”
“Me? Okay. Is everything-”
A short girl, one of the castle’s maids, entered the room then, giving Sophie a strange look. She paused before a tall cabinet, pulling out several pieces of linen before glancing around, eyeing Sophie again, and leaving.
“We cannot stay here,” Rausch said when she had gone. “Follow me.”
He moved swiftly toward a hall at the far end of the room. Sophie followed tentatively, watching his graceful movements as he led her across the smooth stone floors and into the front entrance. Beside the wide stairs, he pulled open a door that Sophie had not noticed before. It was painted a deep grey to match the surrounding stonework. He held it for her with an outstretched hand, allowing her to pass through ahead of him.
The corridor beyond was narrow and low. The walls on either side were rough, unfinished, unlike those of the main castle. Naked light-bulbs swung from the ceiling, casting quivering shadows throughout the passage. Sophie shivered.
“Where are we going?” she asked. Her voice bounced from the walls, echoing harshly in the silence.
“Not much farther,” he answered, not exactly answering her question. His voice invited no echo.
They walked in silence, the hall winding in jagged zigzags and seeming to narrow the further they went. Sophie began to feel slightly claustrophobic when she spotted a door at the end of the hall. Relief flooded her and she breathed deeply, the stagnant air filling her lungs.
They scuffled along the short length of corridor until Rausch had gotten close enough to touch the door in front of them but, to Sophie's chagrin, he turned instead into a hall so narrow she had to angle her body to fit through. Had she not been following the old man, she would have bypassed the entrance entirely.
Emerging on the other side, they stepped into a dimly lit room. Oval in shape, it resembled the overflowing room she had found in the tower days prior. The difference being that this shabby furniture was not piled together at random, but organized to create a cozy sitting room. Rausch moved toward the one long couch, taking a seat and motioning for Sophie to do the same. She chose one of the two armchairs nearest the fireplace and scanned the space, trying to look uninterested. Most of the walls were shrouded in bookshelves. Each one was packed to the edges with ancient looking books and knickknacks. A patched quilt was pulled tight over the bed at the far end of the room, its edges tucked neatly over the corners. Not a speck of dust blanketed the exposed woodwork. She was surprised by the freshness in the air despite the obvious wear of the room’s furnishings. The tidiness was in stark contrast to the passageway they had followed in order to reach it.
Rausch sat opposite her, folding and unfolding his hands as though he were impatient or irritated.
“I apologize for being short,” he said quietly. “It is only- that is to say- I am quite surprised.”
“Surprised?” Sophie repeated.
“Perhaps that is not the word I am looking for. What I mean to say is- how do I put it- I have not experienced the likes of this in many years.”
“I'm sorry,” Sophie said, blinking in confusion. “I don't understand.”
“No,” Rausch whispered. His hands were still folding and unfolding incessantly and his face was bewildered. “How could you? I wonder-” he paused, “have you truly seen him?”
The room went silent as death. Nothing but the sound of her own heartbeat pounded in Sophie's ears. The bewilderment on Rausch's face was replaced by a fierce excitement.
“Seen who?” she asked, her voice colored with apprehension.
“Hmm,” Rausch murmured, rubbing his cheek with his crooked fingers. He did not seem inclined to say more, and Sophie did not press. After a moment, he spoke again.
“There are others,” he said, “like me. One, in particular. It has been impossible for me to see him in many years, but I believe you have. Yes, I dare to believe it.”
“Others like you? I don't know what you mean,” Sophie said, assuming he was discussing another staff member. She leaned forward, unable to help herself, intrigued by his sudden enthusiasm. He mimicked her movement, the motion of his hands finally ceasing.
“I watched you return last night,” Rausch said. “The forest was dark, but I have grown accustomed to the shadows. You were not alone.”
Sophie shook her head slowly, trying hard to understand why that was so important to him.
“I’m sorry,” she began, “but – what are you asking?”
“You saw him?”
“Who?” Sophie exclaimed, throwing her hands up in exasperation.
“A man? A young man. You saw him?”
Her eyes widened at the memory of a cold, unflinching stare.
“Yes. I was lost. He helped me get back here. Is there something wrong, Rausch? You aren't making much sense.”
He did not answer, but rose from his chair with the agility of a teenager and bounded to a cabinet nestled between two overflowing bookshelves. She waited as he rifled through the articles within, hearing the rasp of his breath as he searched for something with great distress, or perhaps anticipation.
After a moment, he exhaled loudly and pulled a thick folder from the depths of the cabinet. Without bothering to close the doors, he turned to Sophie, fire burning in his eyes. Taking a seat, he flipped open the folder and traced the page within with the tip of his forefinger. She waited for a moment before her impatience got the best of her.
“What is that?” she asked, leaning toward him, her eyes on his hands.
“This,” he began, “is a portrait, drawn in charcoal. It is from the year 1861 and perhaps one of my most valued possessions.” He turned the page to face her. “Is this the man you saw?”
Familiar piercing eyes looked out at her from the page and she lifted her hand to her mouth. His lips curved in a tiny smile, the same black hair fell over thick eyebrows. Laughter played in the depths of his features, the coldness she had witnessed the night before was nowhere to be found.
“That's not possible,” she whispered.
Her mind raced through the possibilities. A relative of the man she had seen, or perhaps Rausch was lying to her. The portrait could not have been drawn so many years ago.
1861, she thought, doing the math silently. No, it's not possible. But that face, those eyes, she knew she could never forget them.
A smile broke out across the old man's face as he watched her absorb the face on the page.
“No,” he answered. “It shouldn't be possible.”
“What,” she stammered, “what are you saying? That the man I saw last night- last night- had his portrait drawn in 1861? That's over a hundred and fifty years ago.”
“Yes. A very long time, indeed.”
Silence resumed and, though it was incredibly uncomfortable, Sophie could not bring herself to speak. She sat with her eyes turned toward what looked to be a tall candle propped beside one of the two windows. Her mind continued to race through potential explanations, or likely excuses, for the resemblance of the man she had happened upon in the forest to the man sketched on the paper held in front of her. A firm refusal to accept the possibility of the supernatural planted itself in her subconscious, digging in its heels.
“I understand the difficulty,” Rausch said, snapping the folder shut. “It is not a natural thing, what we are living here. But never, in these many years, has a human being locked eyes with mine, spoken to me directly, acknowledged my very presence. I cannot, therefore, allow you to leave this castle without exploring the possibilities further.”
Sophie could not respond. His words had reached her ears but her mind blocked their meaning. Glancing around, agitation building inside of her, she tried to process the reality of her recent experiences. Most of her time so far had been uneventful, though a few small details stood out in contrast to the rest. If she looked at them separately, they did not seem to be anything shocking, but put together with Rausch’s claims, they seemed to grow into something more.
She struggled to accept his revelations and fought against ideas that were so foreign to her they seemed almost psychotic. Somewhere deep inside of her, however, she felt a burning understanding.
Rausch watched her with sympathetic eyes, barely able to conceal the excitement behind them.
“1861,” she said, her voice thick. “You're telling me that the man I saw last night has been alive for over,” she paused, calculating, “a hundred and fifty-one years? And you knew him? Which means –”
A bubble of manic laughter erupted unexpectedly and she covered her mouth with her hands, her eyes rounded into shocked circles.
“I knew him well, yes,” Rausch answered, ignoring her outburst. “As for his being alive, that is to be debated. We are all a shadow of something we once were, trapped in the homes we once cherished. What we desire most now is to escape them. It is a fate I could have never imagined, would never wish on anyone. Not even-” he paused. “Not even the one that brought it upon me. I know you sense her presence; I saw it on your face.”
Sophie closed her eyes, a chill running down her arms.
“There are things in this castle that even I do not wish to disturb,” he continued. “I will tell you everything, if you desire to hear it. It is not a pleasant story.”
“I-” Sophie began, but could not finish. She was still unsure of whether she wanted to know more, to accept something that was clearly impossible. Despite her reservations, she nodded.
Rausch smiled faintly and continued.
“You will learn of it, sooner or later. I am sure of that. In all these years there has not been a soul in this castle that could see or speak to me. Nor has he been seen – by my eyes or any other.”
“Who is he?” she asked.
“A very good friend,” he replied. A small smile played on his lips and for a moment he seemed lost in thought. When he spoke again, his voice was soft and low and full of sadness. “He worked in the grounds in the days that I served this castle. When everything-” he paused with a sad sigh, “when it all changed, he disappeared. I have no recollection of the events. All I recall is that he was gone. I assumed the worst, until last night.”
“Because you saw him?”
“I was not sure,” Rausch patted the folder in his lap. “But now I know. My dear Lukas.”
Sophie hesitated before opening her mouth to speak, but Rausch stood and raised his hand. A gloss covered his wide eyes and he seemed to shrink, appearing older and more withered than he had a moment before.
“You must go,” he said, his voice sharp. He hastened to the door, ushering her from the room. Sophie's heart skipped a beat at the urgency in his voice, and she did not protest. Her quick footsteps melded together in one humming echo as she walked, the strong scent of dust and mold once again penetrating her senses.
“Quickly,” she could hear Rausch whispering from behind her. “Quickly.”
His anxiety was palpable, urging her forward, though she stumbled frequently in fear. When they reached the door, he reached over her shoulder and pushed it open. Light flooded into the passageway, burning her eyes. She sped out of the hallway and stood, panting slightly, at the far end of the main entryway.
“What was that?” she breathed, turning to him, but he was gone. The painted door had been pulled shut and the entryway was silent until a trill of laughter sent the illusion of mystery crashing to the ground as Katie and her bridesmaids sauntered down the stairway and through the front doors. The tension seemed to strengthen at the sight of their relaxed happiness. Despite her fear and reservations, she caught herself pondering the face of the man in the woods – Lukas's face – and daring to consider the possibility of Rausch's words being true.

The previously empty second-floor ballroom bustled with activity that afternoon. Tables had been strewn everywhere, chairs scattered randomly, and people were frantically scuttling about, trying to satisfy the young bride standing in the center barking orders.
“I want that set up in the corner,” she said, pointing at a young man in a uniform who was dragging a table piled with cards and papers toward the exit. He repositioned himself and began to heave it in the opposite direction.
“Wait,” she shouted again, this time waving her hands toward another man, “I didn't say to move those. Mom! Will you show these people what I want? I can't do this by myself.”
Carol rushed over to her daughter and tapped her shoulders soothingly before hustling to the group in question, shouting instructions that were less than polite.
Sophie hung back by the doors and watched the activity with her arms folded across her chest. Tim had chosen a seat as far from the action as possible, being there only to satisfy his wife's demands. Their eyes met and he smiled, waving a bottle of beer in her direction. She smiled back, but shook her head at his invitation, turning away and busying herself with the pile of place cards that had been thrust at her when she arrived.
Put them in alphabetical order, her mother had said.
It didn't make much sense to her, because the guests were not to be seated alphabetically, but she had not dared to question it.
As she worked, Brian sauntered to her table, a smile on his face. When she looked up to greet him she noticed that, though his hair showed grey and his eyes were lined from laughter, he was extremely handsome. The sparkling green of his eyes emitted kindness and his hands were soft as he touched her arm in greeting. Suddenly, she could almost understand Holly’s jealousy the previous day. Banishing the thought, she smiled up at him. It was simple to be relaxed in his presence because his demeanour did not demand anything from her.
“How're you holding up?” he asked, straightening one of her many piles on the table.
“Fine,” she answered, “good. Thanks.”
“No, thank you,” he said. “This can't be easy for anyone. She's quite excited.”
He motioned to Katie standing in the center of the room with her hands on her hips. Her eyes were narrowed in frustration as she chastised a flustered looking woman carrying a massive flower arrangement.
“It's to be expected, I guess,” Sophie responded, keeping her eyes on her work. “It's a big deal. For her, anyway.”
“Yes,” he murmured, turning away, “for me, as well.”
His voice was saturated with admiration and love and Sophie glanced after him, watching him embrace Katie for a second before she pushed him away and gestured toward the room with anger in her eyes.
“It's not right,” she could hear her sister say. “How hard is it to do what I ask?”
Brian leaned his head in and whispered something in her ear, causing her anger to melt away, her frown replaced with a wicked smile. She threw her arms around his neck.
“I just want everything to be perfect,” she said, kissing him on the cheek.
Sophie turned back to the place-cards, an unexplained blush creeping over her face and neck. As she shuffled Troniak, Ellie into the pile of T's, a loud voice behind her made her jump.
“You're not finished with those yet?”
Carol pushed past her, seizing the neat piles and shoving them into a shoebox under her arm. Sophie opened her mouth to protest, but her mother snatched the cards from her hands and walked away, the back of her blonde hair bouncing with each step. As it had before, the scent of expensive perfume lingered in the air behind her. Sophie crossed her arms, leaning against the frame of the doorway once more. A moment of blissful silence passed before Katie's bridesmaids came prancing through the door, missing her by inches, garment bags draped over their arms.
“Katie,” Natalie chimed as she neared the bride. “Come with us, we're going to do a little dress rehearsal of our own.”
Her brown hair billowed over her shoulders in loose ringlets, making her tanned skin glow underneath. Sophie watched it ripple over her toned arms and back. Holly and Chantal had their hair done in much the same fashion, but somehow it failed to look quite as elegant.
Katie clapped her hands with a few tiny jumps and followed two of the three girls out of the hall. Natalie lingered behind, her eyes on Brian as he watched his fiancée exit with a satisfied smile on his face. When he turned and saw her watching him, his eyebrows went up in shock. Sophie's face must have mimicked his as she watched the brown haired beauty lick her lips and wink before turning and following the others out of the ballroom. She watched her go before catching Brian’s eye. Confusion was plain on his face and he shrugged with a shake of his head.
An hour later, Sophie, having escaped the clutches of her mother, stopped for a bite to eat in the kitchen. Pulling open the door of the oversized stainless steel fridge, her arms and neck were assaulted by the cold air inside, goose bumps raising all over her body. She pulled out a half-eaten meringue pie and set it down on the island in the center of the room.
A short search led her to a canister full of utensils and she helped herself to an expensive looking dessert fork. It surprised her that the kitchen was vacant, considering the amount of food constantly being carted onto the serving table in the dining room. However, she enjoyed the quiet and solitude – there was so much on her mind, and she needed time to revisit Rausch’s words.
As she plucked a scoop of pie straight from the tray, a thought came to her mind. Rausch had told her about Lukas, but he had also mentioned that they all were shadows of their former selves. It sounded as though he meant that they were not the only ones supposedly still living in the castle, invisible to everyone around them for over a century.
As she pondered, forgetting the piece of pie in her hand, the face of the man in the breakfast room flashed before her eyes and she dropped her fork with a clatter.
“Oh,” she spluttered, glancing around her. She was suddenly fearful of her solitude. Though no one had made a move to harm her in the past few days, the calculating eyes of the man she had seen were etched into her memory. Surely Rausch would have warned her of any possible danger.
With an air of absolute calm, she retrieved her fork and scooped the dropped morsel of pie onto the prongs. Her eyes did not stop roaming the kitchen as she chewed slowly, barely tasting the sweet filling as it coated the inside of her mouth. Every nerve in her body was on edge. The man had been lurking in the shadows, mysterious and silent. His eyes had not left her as she watched him. It had seemed strange then, but in light of her new information, it was frightening.
Another face filled her vision as she stood at the counter, lost in thought. The cold eyes still haunted her, though she refused to allow thoughts of them to penetrate her mind while she was awake. The warmth of his fingers still seemed to linger on the skin of her arm.
Lukas.
The name brought something to the surface, something that she had not remembered during her conversation with Rausch. Perhaps the weight of what he was telling her had pushed it from her mind, but now, without his presence to fog her thoughts, she remembered clearly the pages of the diary she had pulled from the chest in the tower. Closing her eyes, she could see the flowing cursive behind her lids, the way it had morphed in the final pages and the name that had been scrawled in almost every sentence of those last few entries.
“Lukas,” she whispered.
Unaware that she had still been holding the fork aloft, a fresh piece of pie on its end, the sudden rush of air from behind her made her screech in surprise and send the food soaring, the clatter it made against the floor echoed through the kitchen, followed by another sound. It was not loud, but constant, a low moan piercing the silent air.
Spinning in a circle, Sophie tried to discern where the sound was coming from, sure that someone was in the kitchen with her, but she was entirely alone.
Or so I think, she thought.
Abruptly, the wind ceased. Her heart raced and her hands shook, but she did not flee. Instead, she waited for a moment to gather her courage, balled her hands into fists, and spoke again.
“Lukas.”
More than a whisper, but tentative, the name echoed in the silence.
As soon as the breath left her lips, she could feel pressure on her lungs. Her body felt compressed, pressed upon by a heavy weight. She gasped for air, clutching at her throat, but she could only suck tiny mouthfuls of precious oxygen into her body. Terror seized her then and tears welled in her eyes. Hot breath struck the back of her neck, hissing a violent whisper. It was not words, at least none that Sophie could discern, but a harsh sigh. The weight on her body intensified and flashes of white burst before her eyes.
“Please,” she gasped. The word came out silent, no air remained to give it life.
Just before she crumpled to the ground, she watched helplessly as the figure of a man approached her, his hands outstretched. He was crying out in a language she could not understand. As he spoke, the pressure vanished and air crashed into her body and she accepted it greedily, tasting life in every particle.
Buckling under her own weight, her knees scraped the stone ground as she fell. With one hand still clutching her throat, her breath quivered as she inhaled. The man standing behind her was all but forgotten.
“Stupid girl,” his hoarse voice met her ears. A cold hand gripped her upper arm, pulling her to her feet. She winced in pain.
“Wh-” she started, but he held up his free hand in her face. His eyes were locked on hers, as they had been in the darkened corner of the breakfast room.
“We do not speak here,” he growled, his thick accent difficult to understand. Sophie nodded, silently praying that he would loosen his grip on her.
He led her from the kitchen, leaving the mess forgotten on the floor.
She was not sure where he was taking her, not sure she wanted to find out, but the moment they passed the doorway to the dining room Aunt Marilyn called out her name. The man immediately released her arm and stepped away, leaving her to greet her aunt alone.
“Hi,” she said, waving meekly, ignoring the pain his grip left under her skin. She did not dare shoot a glance over her shoulder.
“Where have you been?” Aunt Marilyn panted, heaving a basket full of empty spools. “Do you mind?”
Sophie stepped forward and grabbed the basket before they tumbled to the floor.
“What are these for?” she asked, trying to guide her aunt toward the next room. A tiny sweep of her eyes told her the man had gone and she let out a relieved breath.
Looking back toward Aunt Marilyn, she noticed the dark circles under her eyes. The sparkle that was so familiar had vanished, replaced by a dull green that her forced smile did not touch.
“Oh,” she responded, rubbing her knuckles over her eyes, “something for Katie. I- um- I was supposed to find y-”, a huge yawn cut her off.
Sophie reached forwards.
“Auntie,” she said quietly, “why don't you go lie down? I'll find Katie, or Mom.”
“Lie down? No, no, no. I'm alright. I'm fine. I think I just need something to eat. That should do the trick.”
“Are you-”
“I'm fine, Sophie.” Aunt Marilyn crossed her arms in front of her and turned to leave. Sophie hastened behind, balancing the basket on her hip. The tone of her aunt's voice did not invite further conversation, so they walked to the dining room in silence. Aunt Marilyn’s low-heeled shoes clacked against the cold floors. Despite the harshness in the noiseless corridors, the sound was comforting.
“Is everyone eating?” Sophie asked, trying to make small talk.
“Hm? Oh, no, I don't think so. They are all so busy with the plans, you know. I don't understand it, really. The wedding is not for another five days. What's the point of having it done this early?”
“I thought that, too, but I guess she's just excited,” Sophie was glad her aunt was not angry with her, but could still hear the exhaustion in her voice.
Once they reached the hall, she dropped the basket onto a table and took a moment to look around. The tables, having once been scattered throughout the room, were now organized three on each side of a wide dance floor. She moved to brush her fingers against the thin lace hanging from the front of the head table, admiring the tall vases surrounded by unlit candles. Long lines of glittering crystals hung from the ceiling, giving the room a starry ambiance and she noticed that the old fashioned sconces her mother so detested had been covered with sheer fabric, fastened with a thin length of rope.
“Wow,” Sophie breathed. “This looks beautiful.”
“Doesn't it?” Aunt Marilyn stood beside her, resting her hand on her forehead. “It's hard to imagine we could have made this room any more spectacular than it already was, but I think we did it.”
“Yes, I think you did too.”
“I'm sure your mother said she would wait here for you,” Aunt Marilyn said. “She must have gotten impatient.”
“Do you know what she wanted?”
“No. Something about dresses. I can't remember.”
Sophie watched with concern as Aunt Marilyn waved a hand through the air and closed her eyes. She swayed slightly on the spot, and Sophie reached out to seize her arms, afraid she might fall.
“Are you sure you're okay?” Sophie asked.
“Yes, yes,” the exhaustion in Aunt Marilyn's voice turned to frustration. “Why is everyone trying to coddle me? I am fine. Now, stop pestering me and let's go find your blasted mother.”
Sophie's eyebrows raised in shock as she watched her normally even tempered aunt stomp through the doorway and out of sight. It took a minute before she could convince herself to follow, but she made up her mind to drop the subject until she felt it necessary to press the issue further. Nothing about Aunt Marilyn's bearing appeared fine, and worry had already begun to grow in Sophie's mind.
They travelled the halls for nearly ten minutes before Aunt Marilyn threw her arms up in anger and stormed off, saying something about needing a drink. Sophie let her go without a word. Her mother was nowhere to be seen, and she was not keen on the idea of anyone trying to convince her to wear something other than what she had brought, so she hastened to the double doors near the now familiar patio. Sunlight came through the windows and she was hopeful that the weather would feel as warm and inviting as it looked.
As she pulled the door open, the warm air stroked her face, bringing with it the scent of heated pine needles and freshly cut grass. The lure of the woods – of its musky, warm scent – was intoxicating and Sophie smiled in response. She had been waiting for the chance to escape, telling herself it was only to enjoy the sunshine. A small voice in her mind countered, reminding her of what, or who, might lie within the confines of the trees. She pushed the thought away and stepped into the light. Though it was shrouded by a thin haze, as usual, it still made her eyes burn and moisten.
Her feet left imprints in the soft grass as she navigated through the courtyard and into the boundary of trees where the light was muted and dull. As the light faded, so did her confidence, every flutter of wings above her and rustle of wind in the branches sent her heart hammering in her chest. Though she was not sure what exactly she was afraid of, her body had taken over. The rich scent of heated brush and bark around her was heightened by the lack of fresh oxygen that encapsulated the underside of the treetops. She recognized the smell and let it soothe her, her fears calmed by the relaxing sound of the wind rustled leaves and her own muted footsteps.
A foolish bravery seized her as she stepped over a fallen tree trunk. The trunk was familiar, though it could have been one of hundreds in the area. She thought she could remember stepping over it as she was being led home from her previous trip into the woods. The courage she felt was nothing more than pride at possibly knowing his secret, but without stopping to consider her actions, she spoke his name with a surprisingly solid voice.
“Lukas?”
Low, quiet, but loud enough to send a bird screaming overhead, the name felt foreign and unwelcome on her tongue. With lips pressed firmly together, she waited. No reply came. She kept walking. Her previous experience of losing her way flashed in her mind, causing her to pause mid-step. Glancing around, she thought she could still see the break in the trees where she had entered from the courtyard.
“Maybe I need breadcrumbs,” she muttered to herself, turning around and contemplating whether or not to continue. The shadows shifted as the sun brightened above the cover of trees. Picking up a large stone, she took quick strides back to the fallen tree and placed it on top. It created a barely visible landmark, but it was better than nothing.
Plodding on through the trees, brushing branches out of her way as she passed, she paused every so often to speak his name, only to be met with silence. It was not until she paused to re-tie her shoe that she felt an anxiety building in her chest. Her heart began to thud in her ears and every hair on her body prickled at an unseen stimulus. The feeling was becoming increasingly familiar.
Whipping her head around, she scanned the area. The strange feeling was growing, as though whatever was causing it was coming nearer and nearer.
“Hello?” she called quietly.
With her breath coming in shallow heaves, she took a tentative step forward, turning her head in every direction. The expectation of a sudden attack played havoc on her nerves causing her to change her course and head back toward where she had come.
It seemed that her body recognized her submission. Her heart began to slow and her breathing steadied. She continued on, not wanting to discover the source of her fear, when a low voice spoke from behind her.
“Why are you here?”
The anger coursing through the words bit through Sophie's skin like a blade and she froze on the spot, not even daring to turn. She forced her breath to remain calm, clenching her hands into fists.
“I'm walking,” she answered, hoping the fear would not bleed into her voice.
“You are not welcome,” the voice said, and Sophie heard the now familiar growl in its depths.
Turning slowly, she looked up into the face of the man she had been looking for. At that moment she could not remember why she had ever wanted to see him again. He glared at her with such ferocity that she stepped back and raised her hands in front of her. Her short reply faded on her lips and she found herself apologizing.
“I'm sorry,” she said. “I just needed to get out.”
The man eyed her with suspicion, observing her stance of surrender, and stepped back.
“I warned you not to come back here.”
“I- I know. I just-” she stammered, her words failing and her previous bravery crumbling into dust. “It's just… I was talking to someone, and he said he knew you.”
The cold anger in Lukas's eyes was replaced with shock, but only for a fraction of a second. The suspicion returned and his voice was hard when he spoke.
“There are none who know me.”
Sophie did not want to argue – he looked so angry and spiteful – but she wanted to let him know that she had spoken to Rausch. Despite her reservations, she took a step forward.
“Yes. His name is Rausch. He lives in the cast-” her words were cut short as a harsh breath burst from Lukas's lips and he loomed over her, his face fierce and terrifying.
“I said it before,” he spat at her, “no one knows me.”
His proximity stopped her breath and she could only nod, letting her eyes drop from his face to the rips in his faded shirt. His deep growl was frightening, but she refused to turn away. Instead, she changed the subject.
“Why don't you have an accent?” she asked, not daring to look up into his eyes.
“What?” The sudden change in his tone satisfied her, and she continued.
“An accent. You know, like the others?”
He did not answer her directly and she glanced up to see his face. His eyes were locked on a point above her head and his lips curved into a tiny smile. As she watched, he shook his head before glancing down, catching her eye before she twitched her gaze back to his chest.
“I do not spend much of my time around others,” he said. “You need to leave here.”
“Why?”
“It is not a suitable place for a young woman to wander alone.”
Her heart thudded in her chest, but she ignored it and pressed on.
“No, I mean, why don't you spend time around others?”
A low sigh brushed over the top of her hair. She did not have to look up to see the frustration on his face, it was written on every line of his body – in the way he stood completely rigid, his hands balled into fists. Something inside of her screamed caution, but she waited in perfect silence for his answer.
“Why are you here?” His voice had changed. The swelling anger had been replaced with a whine. It sounded like a resigned and confused admission of her presence.
“My sister is getting married.”
The answer sounded false, but she wanted to drive the conversation in a different direction. She wanted the anger in his eyes to fade. She wanted him to look at her.
He did not reply. Stepping around her, he started to lead the way back to the castle, and Sophie forced her feet to follow. She stumbled to keep up, watching the way his feet barely dented the brush underneath.
“Wait,” she panted. “Please.”
He paused, but did not turn.
“Is there something else?” His voice was quiet.
“Please,” she said again, “please, I just wanted to tell you something.”
“Tell me what?”
“About Rausch. He saw you,” she hesitated, “well, not really. He saw me and assumed it was you beside me. He was happy. He thought you were-” she trailed off.
Lukas's body had gone still, the wind rustling his dark hair.
“Dead?”
“I think-”
“He was better off with those thoughts.”
Saying nothing else, he began walking again, ignoring every one of Sophie’s pleas. By the time they reached the opening in the trees, she had stopped questioning and resumed the silence he so obviously desired. He stopped a few feet from where the sunlight touched the ground, turning his body to let her pass.
“Um,” Sophie started, “thank you. Again.”
He nodded once, keeping his gaze locked on the tall windows of the castle. His brow was furrowed, his jaw set, the dull crunch of grinding teeth coming from inside his cheeks. Sophie followed his gaze, noticing that behind the thick curtained windows stood a motionless, shadowed figure. A chill crept down her spine as she realized it was not the form of Rausch, who was much shorter, but the man that had seized her – and perhaps saved her – in the kitchen.
“Who-” she began, but the look in Lukas's eyes as he turned silenced her words, and nearly her heartbeat. There was a devilish fire in them as he bent toward her, his breath hot on her face.
“Have you seen him before?” he asked.
“Why? What's wrong with him?”
“Nothing is wrong with him,” he replied, “I asked you, have you seen him?”
“Yes,” Sophie replied defiantly. His tone brought up a hot anger in her, and she grew defensive. “Is that a problem?”
She had not meant her sarcasm to cut quite so sharp, but once the words left her lips she felt a strange relief. It was rare that she let herself succumb to any emotion, least of all anger.
Lukas raised his eyebrows.
“Not a problem,” he said. After hesitating for a moment, he continued. “You are here for a wedding?”
“Yes, my sister's. It's on Saturday.”
“Mmm,” he glanced back to the window, running a hand through his dark hair. “No other reason?”
“What?” Sophie put her hands on her hips. “What other reason? What are you getting at? Look, I came out here to find you because Rausch told me some things and I wanted to-”
“What things?” Lukas stepped forward, excitement flashing in his eyes.
“If you would let me finish,” Sophie retorted, her hands still firmly planted, “I would tell you.”
A smile played around Lukas's lips, but he nodded without a word and rocked back on his heels.
“I was going to say,” Sophie continued, “that I wanted to find you again and see,” she paused, “something.”
“Something?”
“I don't really know what I wanted, except to see you again.”
The words burned in Sophie's ears and she wished with all her strength that she could take them back. A blush crept over her cheeks and neck. It was not what she had meant to say, and she knew how it must have sounded to him. She found herself afraid to look up.
He sighed deeply, running both hands along the length of his face.
“Why?” he asked quietly.
“Because, I want to know the truth,” she said in a rush, grateful to have been given the opportunity to clarify.
“The truth,” he scoffed, a low laugh rumbling from his throat. “The truth behind what? There is nothing more than rumor and speculation running wild within the walls of that castle. Your ideas are misled. Although,” he paused, scanning Sophie's face, “who are you?”
“I'm sorry?” Sophie spluttered. The question caught her off guard. “I've already told you.”
“Don't be stupid, girl,” he answered, his tone menacing. “You told me that Rausch had spoken to you. Spoken to you of me, no less, but that you can speak to either of us is impossible. You know what I am, if he has told you anything. I want answers, myself. I will repeat the question. Who are you?”
“I don't know what you are,” Sophie argued, ignoring his question. “I know you're old. I know that Rausch is old, too, but I don't understand anything else. He showed me your picture, said it was drawn over a hundred years ago. That doesn't make any sense. He also said that no one could see or hear him. Except-”
“Except you,” Lukas whispered. “Who are you?”
“Would you stop asking me that?” Sophie shouted, sending a flock of birds rushing past her head. “I'm nobody! Why don't you answer my question? Who are you?”
“That story is long, and best left untold,” he eyed her carefully. “For now.”
A glance toward the castle set his face into a hard mask once more. Sophie saw the figure return to the window, a rustle behind the curtains told her he was watching them. She looked back toward Lukas, fear in her eyes.
“Who is that?” she asked quietly. This time, Lukas did not silence her. He looked down at her, his brow furrowed and his lips tight. After studying her for a moment, he turned, his boots crunching against the underbrush for the first time. Sophie watched as he plodded away, back into the shadow of trees. Without a word, she turned to enter the courtyard when his voice called to her.
“I'm not through with you.”
She turned with raised eyebrows.
“What do you want?” she asked, taking a step backwards. She was fully immersed in the sunlight, having entered the courtyard.
He said something quietly, but she was too far to hear.
“What?” she asked, shaking her head.
“You have to come to me,” he called, impatience coloring his tone. “I do not wish to be seen any longer.”
Silently, Sophie walked back to him. She had barely crossed the boundary of trees when a violent wind sent her tumbling forwards, shoving her down into the underbrush. The sharp needles and dried grass tore at the skin on her palms. She could feel the blood seeping instantly from the wounds.
“Ouch,” she whispered, pulling her hands up and surveying the damage.
Both of her palms were scraped, the most damage done to the heel of her hand. The scrapes appeared shallow, but were deep enough to let small trails of blood drip onto her wrists. As instantly as it had come, the wind subsided. Not a rustle washed over the leaves in the branches as she rose to her feet, steadying herself against the nearest trunk. Lukas did not move, but his eyes were locked on her face.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“I guess,” she answered, being careful to keep the blood from staining her clothes. “What do you want?”
The question, voiced a second time, caused Lukas to narrow his eyes and purse his lips.
“What do I want?” he repeated. “Do I need to remind you that I was not the one hunting you down? You came here, again, foolishly, despite my warning.”
“Okay, okay,” Sophie waved one hand through the air in frustration. She flinched at the sharp pain the motion caused.
“You're bleeding,” Lukas observed, remaining still.
“I know.”
“I will make this quick then,” he said.
“That would be great,” Sophie replied, bringing the heel of her hand toward her face to observe the dirt and debris that still lingered in the wound.
“You must listen to me,” Lukas's voice was urgent now. As she looked up at him in surprise, she saw concern in his dark eyes, though his gaze was over her head. “That man, the one in the window, have you spoken to him?”
“No,” Sophie replied, but hesitated as she remembered the scene in the kitchen that afternoon. “Er… actually, sort of.”
“Sort of?” Lukas repeated impatiently.
“It's complicated. He helped me in the kitchen earlier. I was finding something to eat when all of a sudden-” she trailed off, not wanting to divulge the details of her encounter.
“All of a sudden?” he prodded, stepping toward her.
“I felt like I was suffocating,” she replied, the words sounding strange in her ears. “I don't know what was happening, but I was afraid. He- that man- he came running and made it stop.”
“And then?”
“And then he grabbed my arm and told me we had to talk somewhere else, but before he could take me further than the front entrance, my aunt came along.”
Despite Lukas’s urgent questioning, the thought of her aunt made her worry and she longed to return to the castle. Looking up into Lukas's face, she felt the weight of concern press harder on her heart. His eyes were closed, as though he was deep in thought, and she thought briefly of slipping away.
She took a tiny step back, but the ground crunched under her weight and his eyes flew open. She gasped when he strode forward and seized both of her upper arms in his hands. His grip was tight, but not painful, and she did not struggle against it.
“You must listen to me,” he growled. “Do not allow him to take you. Anywhere. He will try, now that he knows what you see, but you must not go.”
“Why can I see?” Sophie whispered through clenched teeth.
“I don't know,” Lukas replied. “But I need you-”
His words were severed as a shrill voice called from the courtyard behind them.
“Sophie!” Katie's voice hollered again and again.
Sophie did not answer, but looked at Lukas with wide eyes.
“You need what?” she asked, but he shook his head and released her, stepping back into the shadow of a nearby tree, his eyes locked on a point behind her. She turned slowly and stepped through the barrier of trees.
“Sophie!” Katie exclaimed, throwing her hands up. “Are you deaf or something? I've been screaming out here for, like, ten minutes.”
“No,” Sophie replied, shooting a final glance over her shoulder. The shadows were void of any sign of Lukas. “I heard you.”
With a shake of her head, Katie turned away. Sophie followed her inside, the guilt in her chest pounding at her conscience.
Chapter 6

Every step she took sent her further down the dark hall, a small smile playing on her lips. The walls were fuzzy and dim in the darkness, and she stretched out her hands on either side, using the walls to guide her. A moment before, she had been running wildly through the forest, her hair flying in the sharp wind that pounded in her ears, her bare feet on the moss-carpeted ground.
A faint buzzing lured her to the small ruins. She had followed the sound for what seemed like hours, not caring where it was leading her. Now, in the darkened underground tunnels that branched downwards from the beaten stone walls above, she followed the same sound with unexplainable excitement. Though she could not see more than a few inches ahead, her body was not tense and her mind relished the cold shadows. The buzzing grew louder as she shuffled down the corridor. Its tone was high and harsh.
As she walked, she began to hum an unfamiliar tune – upbeat, vaguely similar to a nursery rhyme. The soft sound being pushed through closed lips did nothing to drown the buzzing, but she enjoyed the melodious harmony they created together. The floor beneath her feet grew damp, then wet, and she sloshed through what felt like soaking weeds, her bare toes squeezing and pushing the oozing substance with great enjoyment.
She giggled in the darkness, quickening her pace, letting her hair swish behind her as she walked.
A sliver of light appeared in the distance, beckoning to her, and she stretched her fingers toward it as a child would to its mother. Her smile widened, joy seeping from every pore of her body. As she neared, the buzzing reached its highest pitch, vibrating her ear drums and sending piercing shocks through each of her teeth.
She paused before the thin cylinder of light pouring from an unseen space above. Pointing her bare toe, she swept her foot out in front of her, letting the light cascade over her skin. Something dark and thick covered the length of her foot and calf, dripping in long strings from her toes, winding through the spaces between them. The smile vanished from her face as she stretched her foot up, grasping at her leg, to see it closer. A stench so foul rose up from the sludge coating her skin that she retched, tumbling forward, her hands plunging deep into the dark substance beneath her.
Gasping and heaving, she pushed herself to her knees, wiping her drenched hands on the walls, leaving dark smears on the dust-covered stones. To her right, coated in the foul-smelling mess and bathed in the only rays of sunlight penetrating the dark hall was a still form, stretched lengthwise across the narrow path.
Dread coursed through her, but her hands pulled her forward, sloshing in the slime as she crawled on all fours toward the body. With trembling fingers, she picked the streaming masses of reeking liquid from its head, leaning toward it despite the frantic screaming in her mind.
Uncle Gus grimaced up at her, his eye sockets dark and deep, his mouth like a gaping smile. The buzzing in her ears transformed as huge insects poured from every hole in his rotting form, rising up around her in dark clouds, taking the sound with them as they moved toward the light.
Her body was stiff, her eyes so wide they threatened to tear at the corners, and she gurgled in terror as she watched her uncle's body deflate with the leaving of its former inhabitants. Loud screams were building around her, coming from somewhere along the length of the tunnel, but she could not tear her eyes away. It was not until she felt cold hands grip her arms that she jolted around.
Sweat was pouring from Sophie's face as she sat upright in bed, her dimly lit room still and quiet. Her clothes from the night before still lay heaped on the armchair where she had thrown them after returning from Katie's room and the impromptu fashion show that had occurred there.
She pressed the heels of her hands into her eyes, sucking in air through her teeth as her heartbeat slowly returned to normal. It had been months since her last nightmare, though none of them compared to what she had just experienced. Kicking off the blankets, she pulled her feet toward her, rubbing at her toes in an effort to dispel the feeling of wetness that lingered there. Memories of stringy, foul-smelling liquid filled her vision.
When her breathing calmed, she wiped the sweat from her forehead with a corner of the sheet and chanced a look at the clock on the wall.
“4:17,” she muttered, anger and exhaustion bringing tears to her eyes.
With no hope that sleep would return to her and the terrifying face of her uncle flashing behind her lids every time she tried to attempt it, Sophie shoved the blankets to the side and stumbled out of bed. She stood for a minute, balancing on her toes on the cold stone floor, and listened to the sound of her own heart beating in her ears. Closing her eyes, the blackness instantly turned to the gaping face of her dead uncle, bugs spewing from his frozen, toothless grin. She forced herself to keep her eyes closed, forced the image away, replacing it with her fondest memory.
All of her thoughts clung to his face as he stood over Aunt Marilyn's counter-top stove, spatula in hand. He had laughed incessantly that day.
“A little for the sauce, a little for me,” he would say, sipping from the half-empty bottle of red wine. Sophie had laughed, shoving him to the side, trying to steal a taste of his famous pasta, but he slapped her hand away with a stern look before grinning at her.
It was the day before they found the cancer that was tearing through his lungs, poisoning his blood. The day before Sophie's world began to fall apart.
She shook her head, hard. Tears dripped from her chin, soaking wet spots into her tank-top and falling with tiny slaps to the floor. She sat on the side of the bed, wrapping her arms around her stomach, and let the sobs escape. Sorrow covered her like a warm blanket, caressing every thought, every memory. What she had fought for so long, the grief and fear, was finally allowed to consume her, but instead of the humiliation and pain she expected, what she felt instead was liberation.
“I miss you so much,” she whispered through her tears. Her breath came in loud hiccoughs, and her eyes grew swollen and red. Peeling the stray hairs from her damp face, she inhaled until her lungs protested. Slowly letting the air escape, she pushed herself from the bed and trudged to the bathroom, pulling her used towel from the back of the chair as she passed.

Aunt Marilyn greeted her as she entered the breakfast room just after eight o'clock, looking little more refreshed than she had the previous day.
“Good morning,” she said, patting the empty side of the bench she was perched upon. “You look terrible.”
“Thanks,” Sophie muttered, seizing a piece of toast from the center of the table. “You don't look so great yourself.”
“I've not been sleeping well. I think it may be the bed.”
Sophie turned to face her aunt, who avoided her gaze but seemed to expect the question that followed.
“What's going on?” Sophie demanded.
“I'm so sorry, dear,” Aunt Marilyn said, turning with a smile to face her niece. “I haven't been quite myself lately, but I promise I'll perk up.”
“If I tell you what's bothering me, will you fess up?”
“There is nothing to confess, Sophie,” Aunt Marilyn turned back to her bowl of granola and yogurt. The hesitation in her voice contradicted her words.
“Please,” Sophie placed a hand on her aunt's arm. “I need to talk. And I swear, if you don't talk to me I'll have to find Katie, or Dad. Or,” she feigned a shudder, “Mom.”
Aunt Marilyn stifled a laugh, slapping Sophie's hand and wiping her mouth with her napkin.
“Oh, all right,” she sighed. “You go first.”
After Sophie had divulged the details of her dream, leaving out the gory details for her aunt's benefit, she paused to observe the reaction.
Aunt Marilyn was looking over Sophie's shoulder, her eyes out of focus.
“And, that's it,” she finished awkwardly when her aunt did not reply.
“Why would the tunnel have been full of blood?” Aunt Marilyn asked quietly, looking Sophie in the eye.
“I have no idea,” she answered. “It was just a really strange dream.”
“Yes, strange. You know, I've been having strange dreams, too.”
At last, Sophie thought, hopeful that she would finally get to hear the reason behind her aunt's subdued appearance.
“What are yours about?”
“They're about,” she paused, running a hand over her forehead. Her eyes twitched to the floor, her voice quiet. “Well, the same as yours. Always him.”
Pity swept through Sophie and she wrapped her arms around Aunt Marilyn's neck. They sat in a silent embrace for a moment. Aunt Marilyn was the first to pull away. She dabbed at the corners of her eyes with her napkin and gave Sophie a weak smile.
“Sometimes, the dreams are so real,” she said, “I forget where I am. I did dream about him quite a lot, in the beginning, but it has been months and months. It was only about the second day that we had been here that I started seeing him again.”
The words startled Sophie and she narrowed her eyes. Aunt Marilyn saw her expression and waved a hand through the air.
“Oh, I don't mean truly seeing. I mean in dreams. Always the same type of dream. We are in this castle, but it's very dark. He's leading me away. He wants me to follow, but I can't. I can't follow him.”
Her voice trailed to a stop. The look of sadness on her face, and the way she twisted the napkin in her lap with shaky breaths was heartbreaking to watch.
“You know,” Sophie said finally, giving her head a shake, “I think this castle is messing with our heads. Maybe we need to take a day trip. Get out of here for a while.”
Aunt Marilyn cocked one eyebrow, but did not object, as Sophie thought she might.
“Where should we go?” she asked instead. “We could take a boat out on the lake. Maybe head across to Hartt to do some shopping?”
“Sure,” Sophie answered, “that sounds like fun.”
“Of course, we will have to check with Carol first,” Aunt Marilyn tilted her head toward the doors. “We wouldn't want to be scolded for running out on Katie's plans.”
“There are enough people here now to handle everything,” Sophie said. “I don't think they would miss us.”
They settled on heading out early the next morning. There was a small pier in town where they could borrow a rowboat and cross the lake to the town of Hartt on the opposite side. Despite her frayed emotions, Sophie felt a shred of excitement at the thought of getting out. She had not left the castle grounds since the day they had arrived, and with everything that had happened since then, she knew the time away would be helpful.
The rest of that morning passed in a blur. Katie rallied every available person to help her, and the main rooms of the castle were bustling with activity. Just before lunch, she summoned each of her family members and wedding party to the reception hall, standing in front of the head table with her hands clasped in front of her as if she were preparing to deliver a speech.
“Hi everyone,” she said, her voice uncharacteristically formal. “As you know, the remainder of my guests will be arriving on Thursday. That leaves us, like, one day to get ready. I'm sorry if I've been a little bitchy, but I'm totally stressed. So if you could all pull your weight for the next twenty-four hours, I so think this would be a lot easier on me.”
“You are absolutely right, honey,” Carol said, rushing forwards to embrace her daughter. “You have had all of this placed on your shoulders. Listen up, everyone. We all need to smarten up and start doing our share for this wedding.”
“Aren't they appreciative,” Aunt Marilyn whispered in Sophie's ear, sarcasm dripping from her voice. Sophie shook her head in response, holding her hands stiff by her side. As she listened to her mother and sister talk, she had to admit they were acting more like spoiled children than grown women.
“So,” Katie was saying, “if you don't mind, I would love a little help.”
Nods and murmurs of agreement ran through the small group. Sophie was itching to escape, eager for the chance to break away and find Rausch. She did not get her chance until after two o'clock that afternoon, when the bride and her maids had gone into town and Carol had coerced her husband to take a walk in one of the gardens.
As she pulled her bedroom door shut on her way out, Sophie surprised herself by knocking on her aunt's door without an ounce of hesitation.
“Hold on,” Aunt Marilyn called from behind the door.
“What am I doing?” Sophie hissed under her breath. She considered hurrying away and ignoring the urge to bring another unknowing soul into the mess she had found herself, but the door opened before she had taken more than two steps.
“Sophie?” Aunt Marilyn asked, poking her head into the hall. “What do you need, dear?”
“I, um, was wondering,” Sophie ran a hand through her hair. “Did you want to come with me?”
“Where are we going?” Without a second thought, Aunt Marilyn stepped out of her room and pulled her door shut.
“I'm just in the mood to wander,” Sophie answered, shooting a glance at her aunt as they walked. “You know me.”
“Yes, I do. And what you are is a snoop, Sophie Iris.”
Aunt Marilyn chuckled and Sophie shrugged lightly. They wandered through the halls, chatting lightly. A voice in her mind continued to nag at her to let Aunt Marilyn in on her secret, but she ignored it. Despite her deep admiration for her aunt, there was no way of predicting how she might react or what she might say. If Sophie thought hard about it, she didn't even know how she was reacting to it. The past two days had flown by in such a blur that she hadn't even sat to ponder what was happening or who she had met. The fear had settled to a dull ache in her stomach, and even the slightest thought of the forest beyond the castle walls sent her heart pounding.
She had not even contemplated that it could possibly be a lie.
Whatever Rausch had told her, which was not much, may or may not have been true. There was no way to validate his story. Despite the strange occurrences and the feeling of fright that haunted her in the darkness, Sophie had no proof.
An idea struck her then, and she looked eagerly at Aunt Marilyn. If she dared go through with her sudden urge, it would mean dragging her aunt into the middle of something that she could not explain. Her current situation, though relatively quiet so far, could potentially become dangerous. Why else would she have been warned to be cautious? Regardless, she knew she had to try.
Aunt Marilyn hadn't noticed Sophie's mood swings. She was busy perusing each painting they passed with great interest.
“Do you know what these must be worth?” she exclaimed, holding up her hands, gesturing toward the artwork. “I have a good mind to bet these are all originals.”
“Mmmhmm,” Sophie murmured. She did not look at the pictures, but watched her aunt with conflicting emotions.
“Oh, I wish I could have been there when these were painted,” Aunt Marilyn was saying. “Can you imagine what it must have been like, then? So long ago. The world certainly has changed since those days, hasn't it? My word, look at this one!”
A large portrait of a woman in yellow caught her attention and she hobbled over to it, holding one hand to her mouth as she stared. The woman was young, Sophie's age, and her face, though not beautiful in the typical sense, held something interesting and unique in its features. Wide, bright eyes peered out at them from underneath thick eyebrows. Strawberry blonde hair fell in thick waves around her shoulders, framing her ivory skinned face and neck. Her lips were full and pink, curving up just a twitch at the corners to provide the viewer with some semblance of a smile.
“She is beautiful,” Aunt Marilyn whispered through her fingers.
Sophie looked at her aunt before turning her gaze back to the woman, cocking her head to the side in an effort to discover the source of her beauty. Something in her posture, perhaps her delicate structure or pale skin, was captivating. Her eyes were mesmerizing, blue as sapphires but their depths rivaled the deepest ocean. If she had had the time, Sophie could have spent the rest of the day simply looking at her.
“Do you see what I mean now?” Aunt Marilyn asked, dropping her hand and turning to Sophie. “To have known her,” she gestured to the painting, “to have seen her in her living days. She had charisma, believe-you-me.”
With narrowed eyes, Sophie watched her aunt and pondered. Perhaps she had judged her harshly. Perhaps Aunt Marilyn would be able to handle some of the burden. Her mind was made up, then, and she inched her aunt away from the paintings with some effort.
I am so selfish, Sophie thought, slowly leading her aunt toward the front entrance.
“Where are we going now, my dear Watson?” Aunt Marilyn teased. “You sure are antsy this afternoon. What's on your mind, Sophie? I know you have been wanting to tell me. You can't hide anything from your old aunt, don't you know?”
“No. I know,” Sophie replied. “There is something, sort of.”
“Sort of?” Aunt Marilyn laughed. “How can there be something, sort of?”
“It's complicated,” Sophie muttered. “Can I show you something? It might help me explain.”
Entering the main hall, she steered her aunt past the front doors toward the wide staircase. She bypassed the stairs exactly as Rausch had done, seeking the camouflaged door in the far corner. Laying her hand on the knob, Sophie turned to her aunt.
“Are we allowed in there?” Aunt Marilyn asked. Sophie had expected her aunt to be skeptical, but her voice was high, excited.
“Technically,” Sophie answered with a smile, “maybe.”
“Good enough for me,” Aunt Marilyn answered and motioned for Sophie to open the door. It did not creak as she pulled it toward her and they slipped inside without a sound.
The light was as it had been when she had walked there with Rausch, but something about her present company made it much less ominous. The walls did not seem quite so narrow, the air much less thick.
As though they both knew it would be foolish, they did not speak, making no sound at all – even their footsteps brushed silently across the floors. Time passed quickly and before she knew it, Sophie was leading Aunt Marilyn through the tiny hall that would bring them to Rausch's room. Upon reaching the door, she paused.
“I should have explained before we got here,” she whispered. Aunt Marilyn had to lean forward to hear her words. “This is someone's room, but I don't know if he is here or not.”
“He?” Aunt Marilyn hissed, eyeing Sophie with surprise.
“No,” Sophie answered, understanding the inflection. “Not like that. It's just… I need to see if you can see him.”
Without waiting for Aunt Marilyn's response, Sophie knocked quietly and pushed the door open.
The room appeared to be the same, down to the last faded book, but something had changed. Sophie took a step forward with building unease, and surveyed the entire space. Everything was in its place, but the feeling of warmth had vanished. Instead, Sophie felt a cold disturbance. The further she went, the stronger it became.
“Sophie,” Aunt Marilyn said from behind her, “I don't like it here.” Her voice was shaky and Sophie saw, upon turning around, that her aunt had not crossed the doorway. Her wide, frightened eyes were locked on Sophie's face and she pleaded silently to leave.
“I,” Sophie started, but a sudden intuition surged in her and she knew she had made the wrong choice in bringing her aunt there.
A chill crept through the room, penetrating her clothing and coating her skin with cold.
“Oh, my,” Aunt Marilyn whispered. “It is freezing in here.”
Sophie nodded and rushed forward, a sudden sense of being followed seized her; it was the same sensation she had felt in the tower room, of being pushed by unseen hands. She hastened to the doorway, terrified that someone, something, was about to lay its grip on her. Almost falling over the threshold, she followed Aunt Marilyn's thick form as she waddled through the narrow hall and turned to head back to the entrance.
It was not until they were both safely outside the hidden door that she turned to Sophie. Breath heaving and eyes narrowed, Aunt Marilyn placed her hands on her hips and scowled at her niece.
“What, in the name of Sam, was that?”
“It,” Sophie huffed, bending forwards with her hands on her knees. “It wasn't like that before.”
“Who did you think would be in there?” Aunt Marilyn asked. “And what did you mean, you wanted to know if I could see him?”
“There's an old man, a butler or something, he lives there. Listen, Aunt Mar, I don't know if I want to tell you. I don't know if I can. It was stupid of me to take you there.”
“Sophie,” Aunt Marilyn said softly, placing a hand on Sophie's shoulder, “you can tell me anything.”
“I know, I know,” Sophie answered. “I'm sorry for scaring you, okay?”
“I wasn't scared!” Aunt Marilyn raised her eyebrows in indignation. “If anyone was scared, it was you. You ran out of there faster than I've ever seen anyone move.”
Sophie forced a laugh.
“Whatever you say.”
As quickly as the urge had seized her, the desire to indulge her aunt in her secret passed and she was left feeling foolish – and more than a little guilty. Aunt Marilyn did not raise the subject again, and Sophie sensed that she was not interested in knowing more.
For the rest of the day, her every thought was on Rausch's room and the danger she had felt there. Something was lurking in that room, something frightening. It disturbed her that Rausch had not contacted her since the day he sent her running from there, urging her out, telling her she was not safe. She worried for his safety. Leaving Aunt Marilyn at the door to her room an hour before dinner, Sophie continued down the hall. Upon closing her own bedroom door, she trailed to the bed and sat. The sudden burst of adrenaline had led to an emotional and physical crash, making her limbs and eyes heavy.
Laying back, ignoring the thick pillows, Sophie closed her eyes and drifted almost instantly to sleep. Her final thoughts before succumbing to unconsciousness were of Rausch, and she prayed silently for his wellbeing before drifting into uneasy dreams.
Chapter 7

That evening passed slowly. Sophie had nothing but her own company to amuse her and she was too distracted to attempt to stifle the boredom. She sat in the dining room, in a chair at the furthest end of the long table, with her chin resting in her hands. Thoughts of her uncle and Lukas alternated in waves causing her emotions to run hot and cold in exhausting intervals.
The thick, lace tablecloth hung over her knees. She could feel it scratching against her bare skin as her feet bobbed anxiously. Since Lukas's convoluted warning about the man she had met in the kitchen, her nerves had been on edge and she could not stop looking over her shoulder, jumping at every sound. It was as though the anxiety she always carried with her had tripled in intensity, though she could hardly say it was with good reason. A shred of doubt still lingered in the back of her mind.
Katie flounced into the room just as Sophie was debating turning in for the night. Her appearance made the decision much easier.
“Have you seen Natalie?” Katie asked, sweeping into the chair next to Sophie.
“Nope,” Sophie answered. “I was just going to go to bed.”
“Bed? It's nine-thirty. That's a little sad.” Katie's voice was high as she pulled her hair into a ponytail at the base of her neck.
Sophie smiled in response to her sister's rudeness, pushing her chair out and standing.
“Yeah, well,” she said, “there's not much to do around here.”
“For you maybe,” Katie answered. “I've got Brian for that.”
She turned up to Sophie with a curt smile and laughed. With wide eyes, Sophie watched her sister for a moment before turning to leave.
“Wait,” Katie called, raising a hand. “I need you to do something for me.”
“Katie, I-”
“Come on!” Katie whined. “Didn't you listen to a word I said before? I need your help, for god's sake. Like I want to be organizing this wedding by myself.”
“You're not by yourself, Kate,” Sophie muttered. Her sister's voice was grating. “What do you need?”
“Make sure someone has swept the floors of the reception room,” Katie yawned, “the girls and I were practicing with the confetti.”
Sophie turned without responding and strode from the room as Katie laughed drunkenly behind her.
Before she reached the double doors at the end of the hall, a faint rustle and whisper reached her ears. She froze on the spot, her hands automatically clenching into fists, and listened carefully, barely daring to breathe. The rustling was coming from a low door on her left, a room she had not entered since being in the castle. Stepping to the side, Sophie pressed herself against the wall next to the door. Voices were conversing in hushed tones, unaware of her presence.
“You know you want to, baby,” a female voice purred.
Sophie's eyebrows shot up and she covered her mouth with one hand. There was something familiar about that voice.
“What is the matter with you?” a man growled. The gasp that escaped Sophie was only slightly stifled by her hand and she squeezed her eyes shut, expecting the door to come flying open at any moment. Had she been less surprised, she would have fled the scene.
“Not that I'm surprised,” Brian whispered as Sophie listened further, breathing a sigh of relief that she had not been caught eavesdropping, “but you do realize I'm getting married, to your friend.”
“Screw her,” the female hissed. “Or better yet, screw me.”
“Stop,” Brian's voice was quiet, at first, but grew in intensity as he continued to make the same demand. “I said, stop!”
“Are you kidding me?” the woman hissed violently. It was then that Sophie recognized the voice. “You think she can satisfy you? You've never been satisfied, baby, until you've been with me. You're going to pass that up?”
Natalie, Sophie thought, I guess Holly was right about you, after all.
At that moment, the door burst open and Brian came barreling through, face reddened and eyes wide. His body jolted in shock when he saw Sophie and he shot a look at Natalie, who was coming through the door behind him with a look of fury on her face.
“S-Sophie,” he stammered. “This isn't what it looks like.”
Sophie nodded. Natalie shot a look of disgust at her and sniffed.
“You're damn right it is,” she said. “What are you, some kind of pervert? Or did your perfect little sister send you to spy?”
Brian was breathing heavily, shaking his head and staring at Sophie with pleading eyes.
“If I were you,” Sophie said quietly, surprised by her bravery. “I would choose your victim a little more carefully next time. Or maybe try a little stealth.”
“Excuse me?” Natalie spat, taking a step forward. Sophie did not flinch away, the anger surging through her veins giving her a shocking amount of courage. The sensation reminded her of something, but she couldn't place it.
“Is this how you treat all of your friends?” she said, motioning to Brian. “Trying to seduce their husbands? Trying being the key word.”
“You're going to regret this,” Natalie threatened, waving her hands in the air like a crazed lunatic. Sophie watched her storm off before turning to Brian, who was leaning against the opposite wall with his hands over his face. She moved toward him and placed a comforting hand on his arm.
“What do I do?” he said through his hands.
“Nothing,” Sophie answered. “I know the truth. You don't have anything to worry about, Brian.”
He pulled his hands away and looked at her. His eyes were tired and sad, but there was something behind them that startled her.
“Sophie,” he said quietly. “You'll tell her the truth? What you heard?”
“Of course,” Sophie replied. “Why wouldn't I?”
Brian shook his head, pushing the edges of his shirt back into the waist of his pants. Sophie watched him with concern before continuing toward the ballroom. He did not speak to her again. When she turned to glance at him once more, he had gone.
After checking in with Katie, who was still alone in the dining room, Sophie went to her room and prepared for bed. Her limbs felt like lead, exhaustion overwhelming her, and she was glad to have decided to refrain from mentioning the incident to her sister that night. Climbing into the cool sheets she leaned her back against the headboard and hugged her knees to her chest. Even though her body was in desperate need of rest, her mind refused to shut off.
After what seemed like mere minutes, she glanced at the clock.
“Midnight,” she whispered. It was clear that sleep would not grace her with its presence, so she climbed out of bed and wrapped her pajama clad body in the thin, silk robe hanging in the closet.
The halls of the castle were silent and lit only by tiny sconces and the pale light of the moon pouring through the windows. Not a breath stirred, save for Sophie's own. Despite the mystery surrounding her, she felt comforted by the silence, a rare occurrence for her. The thin socks she wore slipped without a sound across the smooth floor, but could not keep the cold from penetrating her skin.
Past Aunt Marilyn's door and through a low archway, she found herself in another long hall with scattered doors lining the walls. Unsure of which rooms were occupied, she knocked quietly on the first door, waiting with bated breath for an answer. When no answer came, she pushed the door open and slipped inside.
There was no light in the room apart from a sliver of moon shining across a black mass that Sophie took to be the bed. The room was much smaller than her own, from what she could see, but it was obviously unoccupied. For a reason she could not explain, the thought of turning on the overhead light frightened her and she resolved to wander only by the light of the small bedside lamp. Shaking her hands in front of her, she tried to quell the anxiety mounting in her nerves, knowing it was unwise to snoop through the castle in the dead of night.
She moved away from the bed, away from the source of light, to the dresser opposite. Running her fingers along the smooth surface of the dresser, she watched the lamplight bounce from the sheer curtains and run in broken strips down the walls. As she slowly circled the room, a large door, hidden in the shadows, appeared in front of her. She stepped toward it – her body tensed with her sharpened senses – and pulled on the coarse handle. The creak was unexpected, sending a jerk of surprise through her like a violent muscle spasm. Inside, darkness was complete. Not a single shape loomed from the shadows. Pulling the door open further, she stepped back, shielding her face with her free hand in case something, anything, pounced forward to seize her.
It was not until the door was far enough open to let a bit of the light through that Sophie let out her breath. She laughed out loud, shaking her head and shutting the door quickly, the brief sight of hanging jackets and piled shoes mocking her fear.
“I'm afraid of closets now,” she muttered.
Upon leaving the room, she shuffled to the next door, hand raised in preparation to knock when she heard a sound behind her. Like the scrape of a chair on the floor, but more pronounced, longer. It sent a chill up her spine.
Pressing herself flat against the wall, she waited for the sound to come again. When it did not, she flew down the hall and through the archway, heading in the direction of her room. Before she reached the door, she could tell it was open, for the light she had left on flooded the hall, casting eerie shadows over the walls and floor and blinding her as she approached. Her heart jumped into her throat, fear rooting her to the spot.
If ever she had thought she was brave, that moment proved her wrong. She wanted nothing more than to run screaming through the halls, searching for a place to hide.
The moment of panic faded slowly as she stood there, alone in the hall. With deep breaths, she tried to stifle the shaking in her limbs, but could not stop the foggy haze that filtered into her vision. A muted and inexplicable anger began to fill her, fierce and surprising in its intensity. Nothing about the situation could have prompted such a reaction, but she recognized the feeling. It was the aching rage that overtook her when she spoke to her mother, her sister, the same stifled anger that pumped in her veins when she was upset or afraid, that had plagued her since her uncle's death. Recently, she felt it most strongly during her brief encounters with Lukas. Even then, she refused to let it conquer her. She refused to succumb to its tempting lure.
Someone, something, was in her room, waiting for her, and she was not about to lose herself in senseless emotion.
“I am not a coward,” she whispered. It was a weak pep-talk, but she smiled at the words, repeating them in her mind as she took measured steps toward her open door.
When she caught sight of the shrouded windows inside her room, she flattened against the wall beside the door and cocked her head to see further in. Everything was as she had left it, not a thing out of place. Peering in sideways, she realized the room was vacant, but that meant nothing to her after her recent experiences with the unseen things lurking in the castle.
Stepping around and over the threshold, she held her hands steady and stared around.
“Who is in here?” she asked. The force of her voice surprised her, but did not summon the courage she wanted. “Hello?”
“Sophie,” a hoarse whisper replied near her bed.
She jumped in shock, a stifled scream escaping her lips. Involuntarily, she took a step back toward the door, gripping the frame behind her.
“Who's there?” she whispered, every ounce of false strength gone from her voice. The anger vanished as quickly as it had appeared.
“Sophie,” the voice said again.
“Rausch?” Sophie leapt forward in recognition, rushing toward the bed. “Rausch! What happened to you?”
He still looked the same, sitting in the chair beside her bed, except his form seemed dull, faded, and almost transparent.
He whispered something unintelligible.
“What?” Sophie asked, shaking him slightly. “What is wrong with you?”
“Nothing, my dear,” he said, laying a hand on his chest. “He came for you, but I would not allow it. We fought, for the first time,” he paused, his eyes closing. “I am tired now. I must rest. There is something you must know, for your own safety.”
“I-” Sophie started to speak, but he continued.
“No time for that,” he said. “There is no other way. You are our hope now. Listen to me, carefully.”
He paused, opening his eyes a slit to glance at her face. She nodded once. A small smile formed on his lips and he relaxed.
“You have seen him?” he asked.
“Luk-”
“No,” Rausch growled, his eyes flying open, full of panic. “Do not speak it.”
“Speak what?” Sophie covered her mouth in alarm. “His name?”
“It calls to her, she listens for it.”
“Cut to the chase, Rausch,” Sophie replied, frustrated and frightened. “What are you trying to tell me? Who is she? There's been a lot of talk about a he, and I still don't know who that is, either.”
“Such a short temper for such a young woman,” Rausch chuckled. “He is the man who owned this castle while I was employed as servant. For forty-six years I served him, from the time he was a child. Lord Malto he was to me, today I know him as Fantir.”
“Fantir,” Sophie repeated, the name unpleasant on her tongue. “Is he the other one, the man that I can see but no one else can?”
“Yes,” Rausch's face brightened at her words. “I thought you might have seen him. He dwells here as I do, but in recent days has become agitated and impatient, a trait unlike his usual temperament. I fear it is because of you.”
“Why me?” Sophie asked. “I thought he was helping me, in the kitchen.”
Rausch's eyes flew open again and he looked at her, confusion plain on his face. As he watched her, the confusion turned to concern and then to understanding.
“The kitchen,” he repeated. His voice was quiet. “What happened there?”
“There was something-”she paused, thinking it over, “something suffocating me, or taking all the air away. I don't know what was happening, but it was like nothing I've ever felt before. I already told all of this to Luk-” she bit her tongue, remembering his warning, “I mean, to your friend, and he told me to keep away. What I want to know is why? Why is this all happening to me?”
“Because you are aware,” Rausch answered. He pulled his hand from his chest and patted her hand gently before pushing himself into a seated position. The fragility Sophie had seen minutes before was gone and he was himself once more. “You see us, hear us, speak to us. Until today, I thought perhaps you had come on purpose, given that this castle is hardly occupied, least of all for a wedding. But I learned differently when speaking to Fantir.”
“No one comes here?” she asked.
“Some do,” he looked at her. “But they do not stay long. Though they cannot hear or see us, they feel us here. As though we were spirits come to haunt them, only that is not the case. I should say, that was not the case. For these many years I did not know of her presence in this castle, did not feel her lurking in the shadows of the rooms I once loved so dearly. But she is come, she is here and she is not prepared to leave without redemption.”
“Who is she?” Sophie whispered. “What will she do?”
“She is the spirit of a woman who once dwelt in the heart of Fantir Malto – a dangerous, devious, other worldly woman. He invited her in when his wife, Isa, had fallen ill, in the hopes of treating her with witchcraft.”
“A witch?” Sophie exclaimed, her eyes wide.
“A very dangerous one, indeed,” Rausch nodded. “When he fell in love with her, he would not let her leave. She took his hospitality for granted, using myself and all others as her own private slaves, but I did not mind, for my master enjoyed her company. She brought back the smile I had missed for some years. After Isa's death and despite his daughter's wishes, Fantir continued to allow the woman to reside here. Annka knew in her heart the evil lurking within the woman, but her father was deaf to her pleas. It was then that he came to the castle, the one whose name beckons to her,” Rausch eyed her pointedly until she understood who he meant.
Lukas, she thought, nodding to show she understood.
With a stiff nod, he continued. “When he joined us, she was smitten. Infatuated. I have never seen anything like it. The witch was drawn to him so powerfully that all else was forgotten. But he was no fool. He saw her for what she was, despised her for it. For him, there was only Annka. Despite her age – she had only seventeen years – he cared for her as though she were the final remaining woman in this land. I watched them blossom together, finding in each other what they had lacked so long.”
A warm look rushed into Rausch's eyes as he spoke. Sophie smiled at his emotion.
“You loved them,” she said, not meaning it as a question.
“Yes,” Rausch nodded, the warmth fading, replaced by a deep sadness. “Dearly, as though they were my own children. In certain ways, they were. Nothing could have convinced me to part with them. After Isa passed, Fantir lost all sense of decency and responsibility. He was mad in ways I cannot explain. It gave her the advantage.”
“Who is she?” Sophie asked. “What was her name?”
“Oh, no. I dare not speak it. I fear it will summon her, as his summons her.”
“Okay,” Sophie replied quickly, grateful for the information he was giving her and not wanting to press him. “So, what happened? After his wife died, I mean?”
“Nothing. Not for a few years. Fantir was frequently missing, the witch gone with him. It was less difficult that way, to have him gone. Annka flourished in her growing relationship. I expected a wedding that summer, for they were very much in love. One night, in early March, Fantir returned. He was angry, belligerent, nothing any of us said to him made a slight of difference. I remember clearly his ravings. I knew at once, it was not him speaking. The words came in his voice, but they were not his own. Everything about his demeanor screamed of her influence. No sign of her was to be seen, but he was mad, psychotic. He raged upon Annka, the boy, myself – any unlucky soul in his vicinity. When I finally had a chance to demand his intentions, he said only one word.”
“What word?” Sophie whispered.
“Vengeance.” Anger flashed across Rausch's face, his eyes burning with intensity. “He shouted for vengeance. Redemption. His rage was focused on the boy, who was beaten to within inches of his life. Annka was horrified. Her tears only served to enrage him further and he turned himself on her. It was only when he struck her unconscious that I knew for certain she – the witch – was behind it. That witch had used him to serve her purpose. She wanted them, us, dead.”
“Because of Lukas?” Sophie asked without thinking. Rausch raised his hands in protest, but it was too late.
A chill crept through the room, the drapes rustled in the sudden wind and Rausch pulled Sophie to the floor, his finger pressed to his lips. Without speaking, he motioned to the still open door, a warning in his eyes. Sophie nodded, leaning into the bed and cocking her head around the corner. The room was empty, but she could feel the presence filling every corner, every shadow that surrounded her cast frightening shapes over the room's contents. The familiar fear crept through her, stifling her courage, making each movement a trial.
With shaking hands, she gripped the bedpost and pulled herself into a crouch. Rausch was behind her, urging her forward. As she rose to her feet and stepped around the bed, she was struck with a freezing wind and stumbled back, hands raised.
“You have no business here,” Rausch shouted into the flurry of rushing air. “What use is she to you?”
Sophie stared around the room with wide eyes, waiting for a response. The wind continued unabated, but no voice came. Only when Rausch pushed her forward did she move from the bed and make for the door. It was as though her limbs were pressing through thick mud, the force of the frigid air pushed her back. Her chest was heavy, her breath coming in painful heaves. She recognized the suffocating sensation from the kitchen and began to panic at the lack of oxygen. Turning to Rausch, she saw his firm expression. His courage gave her confidence.
“Keep going,” he called through the wind.
She reached the door, stars bursting in her vision, and gripped the frame with both hands, heaving her body through the opening. On the other side, it was as though the weight disintegrated from her lungs, letting the cool air rush into them in waves. She swallowed it gratefully, holding her chest with both hands.
Rausch was behind her, facing the empty room with both hands raised. He did not speak a word, merely watching as the wind whipped furiously through the drapes, the carpet, the sheets, before dying out as quickly as it had come.
“Why does that happen?” Sophie gasped.
“I do not know,” Rausch replied, keeping his back to her. “But you are in danger here. She knows of your power, that you see us. He is guiding her to you. She would be blind otherwise, I am sure of it.”
“Rausch,” Sophie said, holding up her hands to silence him, though he could not see the gesture. “I don't understand. Can you explain it another way?”
“What I know is limited. It is only by my brief discussions with Fantir that I even realized her presence here. Perhaps she has been lurking all these years, but it was never known. Until you arrived, I was at peace, for the most part.”
“Sorry,” Sophie mumbled. Rausch laughed, turning to look at her.
“You are not to be blamed,” he said. “No one could have expected this as a possibility. Regardless, she has returned. It is my belief that she cannot see or hear you, coming only when his name calls her. Otherwise she would have already…” he trailed off, eyeing her pointedly.
Sophie swallowed hard.
“And her name?” she asked. “Her name calls her, too?”
“That, I do not know for sure. I assume, only to protect you, because she does not attack otherwise. In any other circumstance, your death would have been swift.”
“But,” she argued, “she couldn't have. My whole family is here.”
“Yes,” Rausch nodded, “that may have presented a problem, though I expect she would have used measures that may have resembled suicide, or perhaps sickness. Your family is of no concern to her, I’m afraid.”
Sophie closed her eyes against the pounding in her head and did not speak. The thought of something lurking around her, unseeing but still sensing, and looking to kill her frightened her beyond anything she had experienced before.
Rausch sensed her horror and patted her arm gently.
“I will do everything within my power to aid you,” he said, “but in return, I must ask you for a great favor.”
“What kind of favor?” Sophie asked.
“I beg you to do everything in your power to aid us. I believe you are our final hope at finding peace. Full peace.”
“I-” Sophie started to argue, to counter his statement, but something inside of her begged her to agree. “Yes, of course. I can help you. You'll have to tell me what to do.”
Chapter 8

“What beautiful weather for a day-trip!”
Aunt Marilyn slammed the car door and shielded her eyes with one hand. Sophie stepped from the passenger side, smiling to her aunt and nodding. The exhaustion in her limbs kept her from moving quickly. The night before had drained every ounce of energy in her body, both emotional and physical. Nightmares plagued her and though she awoke early, the weight on her heart grew heavier with each breath.
“It's definitely a nice day,” she said, rounding the car to stand beside Aunt Marilyn. She fought to keep a tone of excitement in her voice. It was her unspoken hope that the more she faked it, the more likely it would become reality.
“Excited, are we?” Aunt Marilyn poked her in the ribs, making Sophie proud of her acting skills.
“A little,” Sophie shrugged. “I think I've needed this.”
“I think we've both needed this.” A look passed between the two women before they made for the wide path leading to a long dock and boat shack. The smell of fresh water and fish met them as they neared the small shack. Aunt Marilyn waved a hand under her nose and shuddered.
“Yuck,” she muttered. “It smells like something is rotting down here.”
With a soft chuckle, Sophie pushed open the wooden door and stepped into the small room. It appeared to be empty, except for a large dog that raised its head at their entrance. Its ears twitched, but it made no other movement.
“Hello?” Sophie called when no one appeared. “Is anyone here?”
“Coming,” a voice called from behind a faded curtain. The accent was thick and difficult to understand.
They waited, Aunt Marilyn clicking her tongue at the dog and patting her thighs, and within a few moments a young man emerged from the back room. His shoulder length blonde hair was pulled back in a low ponytail, and a tattered scarf held the stray pieces in front away from his face. He called to the dog, which ran toward him and through the curtain, and then turned to them. Brief shock flashed over his face, almost undetectable because of his quick composure. He glanced at Aunt Marilyn first and then turned to Sophie with a smile.
“Can I help?” he asked.
“Um, yes,” she said, a blush rising in her cheeks. He was handsome, and his piercing gaze made her feel awkward and self-aware. “We would like to rent a boat. For the day.”
“Yes,” he replied, “of course. I can show you.”
When they had chosen a sturdy looking rowboat and paid for the day's rental, the man bade them farewell, bowing his head in Sophie's direction with a smile, before turning to re-enter the shack.
“My, my,” Aunt Marilyn crowed after climbing awkwardly into the boat, holding the dock with both hands as she maneuvered toward one of the two seats. “He was handsome, don't you think?”
“Sure,” Sophie said, stepping carefully over the edge of the boat and sitting down. “I guess so.”
“She guesses so,” Aunt Marilyn chuckled under her breath. “I'm sure.”
With a stern look, Sophie handed an oar to her aunt and gripped her own with both hands.
“Don't mess with me,” she joked. “I'm the strongest one on this boat.”
Laughing, they began paddling through the clear water toward the line of small buildings on the opposite side. The lake was not large, but wide enough that neither of them could have rowed across easily on their own. There were a few other boats floating, mostly fishing boats and couples out for a morning drift. The sun’s rays glanced from the calm water, creating a bright and welcoming atmosphere that was a pleasant and appreciated change from the fear-filled mystery of the Isa Caecelia. With each stroke of the oars, the blanket of apprehension began to fade, and Sophie inhaled the fresh, moist air with gratitude.
By the time they reached a dock on the opposite side, they were both out of breath and sweating. Aunt Marilyn sat for a minute while Sophie tied the ropes to one of the anchors and breathed deeply through her nose.
“I'm too old for this,” she panted. “We should have taken that beautiful blonde man up on his offer to row us over.”
Sophie snorted.
“It's good for you,” she said. “Fresh air and exercise, isn't that what you're always telling me?”
“You're young, Sophie dear. Old people don't need fresh air and exercise. We prefer beautiful blonde men.”
With a snort, Sophie held out a hand and heaved her aunt from the boat. They stepped over the low curb at the end of the dock and into a small parking lot. The air hummed around them as they made their way toward a bustling street. Pedestrians gathered at the edge of a crosswalk, waiting for the constant stream of vehicles to cease. As Sophie and Aunt Marilyn joined the throng of people, no one paid them any attention – another welcome change from the cold and staring glares of the residents across the lake.
It was not long before they found rows of tiny shops lining one narrow street. There were no cars on the cobblestone road, simply people milling about, glancing in windows and pausing to chat. A group of children darted past them, screaming and squealing with laughter as they chased one another through the streets. Aunt Marilyn patted Sophie's arm every few seconds, pointing to shops and bakeries and coffee houses, exclaiming with delight and making Sophie think it might have been more appropriate for her aunt to run laughing through the streets as well.
“Let's stop here,” Aunt Marilyn said, pointing to a small clothing store to their left. “I'd like to see if they have anything nice for the rehearsal dinner.”
“What?” Sophie asked. “You didn't pack enough?”
“Don't be sarcastic, Sophie, it's an important day.”
“I'm just saying, you'll need to book an entire plane to yourself to get all your suitcases home.”
Aunt Marilyn raised an eyebrow at her niece and began to excuse her way through the rows of people hovering on the sidewalk toward the stained glass door of the shop. With a shrug, Sophie stood alone on the pavement, debating whether or not to follow, when a group of young men passed her. The first of them to turn to her with a wink had her bee-lining for the shop’s open door.
“Auntie?” she called into the shop, unable to spot her aunt over the towering racks overflowing with vibrant fabrics and accessories.
“Over here,” she heard her aunt call from somewhere near the back wall.
As she edged through the maze of racks, brushing her fingers along the different textures of hanging clothing, Sophie caught the scent of incense and dried flowers before coming to an open space near the back of the room. Aunt Marilyn was there, perusing a large case full of delicate glass figurines while an elderly woman stood by her side. She smiled at Sophie as she approached, but did not speak. Aunt Marilyn turned and motioned for Sophie to join her.
“No, thanks,” Sophie said quietly. “I'm going to look over here.”
“Suit yourself,” Aunt Marilyn said and turned to the woman beside her. “These are simply beautiful. I think I'll have to take one home.”
Sophie turned away, heading to a smaller rack in the corner and pushing the clothes around with her fingers. She hummed quietly as she wandered the store, forcing her mind away from the overwhelming stench of heavy incense and thinking instead of the disturbing things Rausch had told her the previous night. It had not been long after he asked for her help that she had gone to bed, still confused and frightened, but resigned to do anything she could to aid the old man.
His obvious relief at her acquiescence had warmed her heart and she was determined to follow through with her promise, though she was still unsure what exactly she could do. Her small store of courage had already disappointed her more than she liked to admit. Before he had a chance to explain further, the man she had been warned about appeared at the end of the hall and Sophie had fled to the safety of her room.
Rausch tried to assure her that he would not be able to enter the locked door, as they were still bound by most physical laws of the living world, but her sleep had been fitful and full of dark dreams regardless. When she woke to the bright sunlight that morning, her mind was made up. There was nothing she wanted more than to discover the secrets behind Lukas and Rausch's mysterious words, and she knew the best place to start.
It was with that in mind that she managed to be involved in her aunt's bubbly conversation as they spent the majority of the morning in shops similar to the first, before stopping for lunch at a quaint bakery near the center of the town. Sophie mused that the town seemed to have been pulled straight from a child's storybook, with its rows of local shops and brick paths, the tinkling of the river somewhere outside the line of trees, and the architecture that reminded her of her childhood gingerbread houses at Christmas.
“That was delicious,” Aunt Marilyn sighed, dabbing at the corners of her mouth with her napkin. “How was your sandwich?”
“Good,” Sophie answered, pushing the half eaten meal toward the center of the table. “What are we doing next?”
“It's probably a good idea to head back,” Aunt Marilyn said, checking her watch. “It's nearly two o'clock. There is quite a lot to do for the wedding, I would hate to duck out for too long.”
An hour later, with the boat safely docked in its original place, the two women made their way toward the crooked shack. Sophie pushed on the rough surface of the door, but found it to be locked.
“That's funny,” she said, peering in the dusty window beside the door, the cobwebs tickling her nose. “I don't see anyone.”
“Oh, well,” Aunt Marilyn shrugged. “It would have been nice to thank him, but we should get back.”
Before Sophie had taken two steps, she heard a voice call out from behind her.
“Here,” the man who had rented them the boat was jogging up the dock. “Sorry.”
“That's alright,” Aunt Marilyn said, her eyes raking over the man's shirtless chest. “We've returned your boat. Thank you so much.”
“Your day was enjoyable?” he asked in broken English. His gaze was fixed on Sophie.
“Very,” she said, feeling uncomfortable. “Thank you.”
He nodded with a small smile. An uncomfortable silence surrounded them for a moment, before Aunt Marilyn clicked her tongue and tapped Sophie's shoulder.
“We should be going,” she said.
“Yeah, you're right,” Sophie answered. “Thanks again.” She waved to the man, hoping the hot blush in her cheeks was not as obvious as it felt. He reached out and seized her wrist before she had a chance to turn. She tried to pull away, her eyes locked on his face, but his strong grip remained intact.
“You are staying at the Isa?” he asked quietly. Something was different about his hushed voice.
“Yes,” Sophie answered nervously, looking over her shoulder at Aunt Marilyn shuffling up the path toward the car. “That's right.”
Sunlight sparkled in his blue eyes as he scanned her face. His expression was curious, but when he spoke, it was not the urgency in his voice that startled her, but the change in his thick accent.
“Come with me,” he said in a perfectly understandable British whisper, his eyes flicking toward Aunt Marilyn and then back, “I must show you something. It is very important.”
“I,” Sophie began. “I'm not sure that's a good idea.”
“Sophie?” Aunt Marilyn called from the street. “You coming?”
“Yes,” Sophie called back, pulling her hand out of the man's grip. This time he released her. “I'm sorry, I have to go.”
She walked quickly toward her aunt, fully aware that he followed. When she reached the street, Aunt Marilyn was holding her car door open and leaning lazily against the frame. Seeing Sophie emerge from the path with the man behind her, she raised her eyebrows and smiled mischievously.
“Oh, I'm sorry,” she laughed. “Did I disturb something?”
“No!” Sophie exclaimed, but the man stepped ahead of her.
“I’ve just been asking Sophie if she would like to have coffee this afternoon,” he said, his voice bright and inviting, the strangled accent back in place. “She has accepted, unless you mind.”
“I don't mind at all, dear,” Aunt Marilyn gushed, “as long as Sophie doesn’t.”
“Well, I-” Sophie stuttered. She stepped toward her aunt and leaned in. “Maybe it’s a bad idea. I don’t know him at all. What if he's a psycho or something?”
“Oh, Sophie,” Aunt Marilyn interrupted, waving a hand at her. “Don't be ridiculous. He’s harmless, I can tell. Smitten, but harmless. Just go and have fun,” she climbed into the driver's seat, “for once. Call me when you're ready to come home and I will pick you up,” she turned toward the man and smiled sweetly. “You do have a telephone she can use to let me know when to return, don't you… I’m sorry, what is your name?” she paused.
“Jude,” he answered with a quick bow.
“Jude,” she repeated with a wide smile.
He returned her smile and nodded once.
“Of course,” he answered.
Aunt Marilyn raised an eyebrow in Sophie's direction before slamming her door shut and pulling on the seatbelt. In disbelief, Sophie watched her aunt drive away, the smell of exhaust wafting around her. Her heart was thundering in her chest as she turned slowly to face the strange man behind her. He was looking at her with an apology in his eyes.
“I'm sorry,” he said quietly. “I need you to come with me. Please.”
He held out a hand toward her, but she crossed her arms over her chest and stuck out her chin.
“I am not going anywhere with you,” she said. He stepped forward, but stopped when she stiffened. “I swear, if you touch me, I'll scream.”
“I'm not here to hurt you,” he said, lowering his hand and stepping back. “Please, you are not safe there. There is something you must know about the cas-”
“How do you know?” Sophie interrupted without thinking.
The man raised his eyebrows.
“I know.”
The confidence in his quiet voice disturbed her. Curiosity and apprehension battled in her mind as she watched the man turn away, following the direction her aunt had gone. She did not follow, and he turned back to her after a few steps.
“Please,” he said again, “it won't take long.”
Reluctantly, Sophie followed him, cursing her aunt's flighty romantic ideas. He slowed his speed to match hers, allowing her to plod down the street at his side.
“My name is Jude,” he said. “Jude Lawson.”
“Not a very Swiss name,” Sophie retorted, keeping her arms crossed over her chest. “What's with the fake accent?”
“I like to blend in,” he answered. “The people around here don't care much for foreigners. In case you haven't already noticed.”
“I have noticed. Don't you live here?”
“I do,” he smiled down at her. “Not for a long time, but I've been here long enough to know that even a funny accent can get you on their bad sides. Besides, what good is it to try and fit in if you can't even speak the language?”
“Why are you here?”
“It's a long story,” he hesitated and then laughed. “You don't strike me as a detective, Sophie, although you do seem to enjoy mysterious company.”
Sucking a sharp breath through his teeth, he glanced at her from the corner of his eye, but she had caught the slip and stopped dead.
“Have you been watching me?” she demanded.
“Please,” he held out a hand, but she slapped it away.
“Answer me,” she hissed, a fresh wave of suspicion flaring and causing her to recoil from his advances.
“I'll explain,” he pleaded, glancing toward an elderly couple perched on their veranda mere feet from where they stood. “But not here. Sophie, please.”
She shook her head, keeping her eyes on his face. He tilted his face toward the sky and sighed.
“Alright,” he said, “I know this because I know someone who knows someone that you have met while staying,” his voice lowered, and he shot a look at the couple, “at the Isa. Is that good enough? I can't say more here.”
“How could that possibly be good enough?” Sophie retorted, her voice growing louder.
Jude cringed at the sound, his eyes flicking to the strangers beside them. Their hushed conversation had ended, and they watched Sophie with narrowed eyes.
“Please,” he said again, “not here. I will tell you everything, I swear it, but we must have privacy – for the sake of us both.”
His voice was panicked and high, and his eyes pleaded with her. She felt a twinge of pity.
“Not good enough,” she repeated, but fell into step beside him again and he ran a hand through his hair. When he spoke again, his voice was full of relief.
“Have you seen the church?” he pointed ahead of them. From her angle, nothing but the tops of the trees was visible, but she knew it lurked somewhere behind them.
“Briefly,” she answered, less than inclined to participate in small talk.
“It is quite ancient, built in the fourteenth century. Parts of it have been restored, because of the fire, but most of it is original.”
“Is that where we're going?” Sophie asked, curiosity getting the better of her. “I wanted to go inside, but haven't had the chance.”
“We can,” he said, smiling down at her, “if you'd like.”
They walked in silence along a narrow sidewalk until Sophie could see the outline of the steeple above the trees, but she assumed there was no other access but the one nearer to the castle.
“Where are we going, if not to the church?” she asked.
“We are going to the church,” Jude answered.
“Oh. I thought-”
“What I have to show you is not inside,” he said, guessing her question.
She looked up at him. He slowed and squinted through the sunlight at a place just beyond the final house at the end of the street. After a moment, he looked down at her again.
“Are you in a hurry to get back?” he asked.
“Well,” Sophie thought for a moment. She pictured her sister's face, heard a faint echo of shrieking demands, and shook her head. “No, not really.”
“Alright, let's go this way.”
He turned to the street and waited as a car passed. Sophie smiled at the way he held out an arm in front of her, as if to provide protection. Despite her reservations, she had to admit he was charming, and something stirred in her when he glanced her way. Following him across the empty street, she stepped over the low curb and onto a bed of flattened weeds and grass. He led her through a small grassy space before entering a mass of trees and shrubs. As they navigated their way through the brush and branches, Sophie was reminded of her exploration of the woods surrounding the castle, and Lukas's face appeared in her mind. She thought of asking Jude whether he knew anything of the castle's history, but decided against it.
They walked in silence, aside from Sophie’s frequent stumbles and whispered complaints. More than once she stopped and strained to listen, sure she had heard something in the thick trees beside her. Jude paid no attention, pressing onwards without glancing back at her.
“Just through here,” He said, finally stopping.
He motioned for her to go ahead, holding a thick branch above his head to allow her room. The dense forest in front of her looked eerily similar to a scene from one of the murder investigation shows her aunt watched. She could be walking straight into a trap, and she knew it. But Jude said he knew something about the castle and she had come too far to protest now. She pushed through the branches, feeling Jude's warmth behind her as she stepped into an open field. She had not taken more than two steps before noticing that it was not a vacant space, as she had expected. It was the wide yard of the church – she could see it in the distance – but they had come in from the opposite side so that its rear wall faced them now.
“That was quite the detour,” she said, turning to Jude.
He laughed as he stepped through the barrier of trees and ran a hand through his hair again.
“It's simpler to come in from this way,” he said. “There are no windows on the back wall.”
“Are windows bad?” she asked hesitantly.
“No, not usually. Where we need to go is not supposed to be accessed, you see. Coming this way avoids any unnecessary questioning.”
“Jude, I-”
“Just trust me, Sophie,” he said, leaning toward her. “You need to know.”
With a nod, she followed him over the grass, keeping to the shadows. They rounded the back of the church, and he led her toward an overgrown garden shrouded by thick bushes, their untrimmed branches blocking her view.
“Watch your step,” he cautioned the same moment a jutting branch scraped her bare ankle and she cursed under her breath. “Those shoes might not be the most fitting.”
Sophie glanced down at her flip-flops and shook her head.
“I wasn't dressing for an impromptu abduction,” she said. “I should be at home right now.”
“That castle is not your home,” he said quietly, his attention focused on an overgrown pile of brush in the far corner of the garden.
“You know what I mean,” she answered. “I just wasn't expecting this. Where are we going? My feet are getting mutilated in here. You know, if I didn't know any better, I'd say this is a convenient place to hide a body.”
She expected him to laugh at her sarcasm, but instead he turned to her with a frown. Leaning in toward her so that their eyes were almost level, his eyes raked over her face, pausing on her lips.
“I know you're joking,” he said softly, tilting his head to the side, “but you're not far off.”
Sophie froze, rooted to the spot. He looked at her carefully before cracking a tiny smile and motioning for her to follow him.
“Over here,” he said, walking away.
“Jude,” Sophie said, “I don't know what you're trying to show me, but I'd like to go home. To the castle, I mean. Anywhere but here.”
“Are you frightened of me?” he asked, turning to her again.
“N-no,” she stammered, taking a step back and shaking her head. “Should I be?”
Raising his eyebrows, Jude shrugged and, without a word, turned his back on her and began pulling away loose branches and leaves from the pile. Sophie did not move to help, but stayed back, looking around at the sprawling weeds and bushes with wary eyes. The sun dipped lower in the sky, casting long shadows over the ground and making the atmosphere more threatening than it might have been otherwise. She shivered and hugged herself, watching him sift through the dried bracken.
“What exactly is the point of all this?” she asked.
Pulling a twisted branch from the pile, Jude wiped his brow with his arm and turned to her.
“I ask myself that question frequently,” he said. “What is the point?”
With furrowed eyebrows, Sophie watched him clear enough of the brush away to uncover a darkened mass. A thick splintered stump protruded from its top. He sat back on his heels, wiping his hands on his jean-clad thighs, and sighed. Sophie stepped forward, and knelt beside him, reaching uneasily toward the pile as if to stroke it.
“Don't touch it,” he said softly, wrapping his fingers around her wrist and pulling her hand back.
“It looks burnt,” Sophie said. “Was there a fire here?”
She glanced around the garden, but nothing besides the pile had any sign of burn damage. Even through the overgrown plants, she could see that no fire had ravaged there in recent years. Jude was shaking his head, looking at her with sadness in his eyes.
“There was only fire when it was meant for something,” he said. “Only when the residents of this town had something they thought worthwhile to burn. Or,” he hesitated, leaning closer to her, “someone.”
“No,” Sophie breathed. Her mind rejected the idea of the pile in front of her being used for murder. “I don't believe you.”
Jude nodded sympathetically.
“It is hard to believe,” he said, “but I promise you, there is no reason for me to lie. I wanted to bring you here and show you why it is that you are haunted in the Isa Caecilia. It is all connected to this pillar, this weapon of death, and you need to know the truth.”
“Rausch,” Sophie whispered under her breath, not meaning for Jude to hear, but his head snapped up and he peered at her with wide eyes.
“What did you say?” he asked sharply.
Sophie looked into his face, afraid of what he knew, and what he didn’t. She decided it would be best to hide her own knowledge for the time being.
“I said it’s horrible. To think of being burned alive-” her voice trailed.
“Yes, but that is not why I wanted to show you this. I want you to know who she is and why she haunts the halls of that castle.”
Now it was Sophie’s turn to stare wide-eyed.
“How do you know that?” she asked, careful to keep her voice low.
“Where else would she go? She was caught like a fly in her own trap, forced into the same bleak fate that was cast upon some others when she uttered those cursed words. I know because I have done my share of research. There are tales, recordings, and various remaining bits of information. They are not terribly detailed, but they do tell of the curse. Or, of what was heard of it through the noise of her execution. These are things that will always be of keen interest to me, and you have ignited an entirely new, and promising, turn of events. I do not know all I should, but I know for certain that you are in danger.”
There was a moment of silence. Sophie was skimming through his words with building suspicion.
Finally, she spoke.
“You wanted privacy, you said you’d explain. Well,” she motioned to their surroundings, “I’d say this is pretty private, wouldn’t you?”
Jude hesitated, casting his eyes away from her, twisting his hands in his lap. He opened his mouth to speak, but closed it again, seemingly at a loss for words. Sophie watched him carefully. His body language was resistant, but she could sense he wanted to tell her the truth. He looked at her again, his eyebrows furrowed and his mouth set in a hard line.
“It's-” Jude began, running a hand through his hair, “it's complicated.”
Before Sophie could protest, a car horn sounded in the distance, bringing them both back to reality. Jude crouched in the shadows, craning his neck to see through a tiny break in the bushes and she slunk to his side. He held an arm out in front of her, as he had done at the street, and pressed a finger to his mouth. She obeyed his signal to be silent, barely breathing as he watched whoever it was cross the front lawn of the church and up the stairs, disappearing from their sight. When the figure had gone, Sophie let out a long exhale, and Jude leaned toward her. He smiled at her frightened expression and stroked the top of her arm.
“It was only a caretaker,” he said softly, “nothing to worry about. We need to be quick now, so you must listen carefully. I'll tell you what I know and then we can see the church, if you still want to.”
Sophie nodded once, unsure of whether she still wanted to set foot in the building, and he smiled again. Something flipped in the pit of her stomach at the warmth in his eyes, but she forced it away as he began to speak again.
“This pillar was used to burn witches, prophets or any other human claiming to possess supernatural power,” he explained. “A hundred and some odd years ago, this piece,” he motioned to the jagged stump protruding from the base, “would have stood over seven feet tall and its base would have been surrounded by dried grass, branches, anything they could find that would ignite quickly and burn efficiently.”
Sophie shuddered and wrapped her arms around herself, shrinking away from the charred mass. Jude cast an apologetic glance in her direction, but continued nonetheless.
“The unfortunate soul would have been bound to the pillar,” he stopped, looking from the pile to Sophie and raising his eyebrows. “You know what would happen next.”
“It's disgusting,” Sophie whispered, “all because they were different?”
“Not because they were different,” Jude shook his head, “because they were dangerous. That was the belief, then. The church burned many people – afraid for the safety of the townspeople, yes, but of the power of their religion, their traditions, as well. It was a show of power and authority. Who could stand up to that?”
“Someone,” Sophie said, “anyone.”
Jude shook his head again. “Most of the townspeople came to witness,” he said, his tone flat. “It was a common belief that witches were entangled with the devil. It was fear that drove them to believe, but I sometimes wonder if it's not the truth.”
“What!” Sophie exclaimed. “You can't be-”
“No, no, no,” Jude held up his hands toward her. “I'm not saying it was right, Sophie, believe me. I'm just saying that, from what I've learned of Ziva-”
“Ziva,” Sophie repeated quietly. “That's her name?”
“Yes, that's her name.”
“What did she do?” she asked, curiosity saturating her voice. “Was she terrible?”
“Like I said before,” Jude hesitated, “it's complicated. We can meet again and I will tell you more, but the sun is going down and your aunt will be worried.”
Sophie raised an eyebrow, causing him to laugh.
“Maybe not,” he chuckled, pushing himself to his feet. “She did leave you alone with a strange man quite easily. I was prepared for more of a struggle.”
“I'm not very happy about it, either,” Sophie shook her head with a grimace. “She's always raving about her excellent judge of character. It's almost a shame you didn't murder me, maybe that would have taught her a lesson.”
Jude laughed quietly.
“The night is young,” he winked. “We should move along if you want to see the church.”
“Actually,” Sophie took Jude's hand when he offered it and he pulled her to her feet, “I don't think I want to see it.”
“Why? You should see inside, it's beautiful.”
“Yeah,” she took a deep breath, “maybe another time. I'm a little freaked out by all this.” She swept her hand out, gesturing to the garden, the church, the blackened pile behind them.
“It’s a shame, really, are you sure?” he pressed.
She only nodded.
With a nod in return, Jude led the way from the garden, once again holding the branches away as she passed under his arm. She caught the scent of his skin as she ducked around him; it reminded her of something she couldn't place and she found herself inhaling deeply. He smiled down at her once they reached the sidewalk.
“Last chance,” he raised his eyebrows.
“Not today. I suppose I should call Aunt Marilyn,” Sophie sighed as Jude pulled his cell phone from his pocket. “She's probably shoulders deep in ribbon or something.”
Jude laughed quietly and Sophie couldn't help smiling as she dialed the numbers, feeling more comfortable than she ought to after what she'd just heard.
When she hung up the phone after listening to her aunt gloat – “I told you he wasn't a murderer, didn't I?” – she walked to the stairs of the church and sat down, watching Jude as he followed her. His body was lean and tan, it was obvious that he spent much of his time outdoors. Taking a seat next to her, he took to twisting a blade of grass between his fingers and whistling quietly. She leaned her elbows on her knees and looked across the gravel driveway into the shadows of the trees beyond. For a moment, she was sure she saw something moving, but when she craned her neck and squinted through the sunlight, it had vanished.
“Jude?” Sophie asked.
“Hm?”
“Do you like it here?”
He looked at her and then the ground, pondering his answer for a moment.
“I do,” he said. “It's quiet. The people aren't much to rave about, but that's not their fault. This town comes with a lot of baggage.” He looked down at her again. “Why do you ask?”
“Just curious,” she shrugged.
Aunt Marilyn pulled up after a few more silent minutes and Sophie rose to leave. Before she reached the car, Jude grabbed her hand and pulled her around to face him. Casting a look over her shoulder, Sophie saw Aunt Marilyn fiddling with the radio and looking out her window in a poor attempt to avoid staring.
“Can I see you again?” Jude raised his eyebrows as he asked, making something deep in the pit of her stomach flutter like a hummingbird's wings.
“Um, I… maybe,” she stammered, taken aback both by the intensity in his eyes and the unfamiliar sensation in her stomach. “It's a little busy, you know, with the wedding and stuff.”
“That's alright,” he shrugged. “I just thought we should talk more. You must be quite overwhelmed.”
“Oh, okay. I mean, sure,” she bit her lip for a second before speaking again. “When?”
“Tomorrow?” he asked, “I can pick you up, if that's easier? I'll take you for dinner.”
His smile was hopeful and Sophie could not stand the sensation it evoked within her, but something in the back of her mind wanted to know more.
“Okay,” she said, afraid to meet his gaze, she could feel the blush in her cheeks and hoped he had not seen. “Tomorrow, then.”
With a brief wave, Sophie turned to the car, pulling the door open and sidling into the seat. Aunt Marilyn had a silent smile plastered on her face. She did not turn as Sophie slammed the door. Jude backed away with his hands in his pockets as the car revved and turned around in a wide half-circle before speeding back up the drive. He watched until they had rounded the corner before turning to the church.
With a sigh, he started up the stairs, looking up when the door swung open from inside. A tall man in black robes stood just inside the threshold, smiling as Jude approached.
“Well, well,” the man said, holding out one hand. “We've been expecting you. Where's the girl?”
Chapter 9

“Have fun?” Aunt Marilyn asked casually as she navigated the gravel road leading to the castle. The majority of the short drive had been spent in silence, owing mostly to Sophie's refusal to answer her aunt's prodding questions.
“I've told you,” she replied, “it was fine. I don't appreciate you leaving me high and dry with some random stranger, though. Thanks for that, by the way.”
“You're being ridiculous, Sophie,” Aunt Marilyn laughed. “I can judge character better than anyone. I knew he was safe the moment I laid eyes on him. And he is easy on the eyes, isn't he?”
Sophie sniffed, crossing her arms and turning away, watching the thick forest pass as they sped down the narrow lane. Her mind wandered over the past few hours and she pondered the things she had learned while trying to stifle her emotional reaction to Jude. She rolled down the window, despite her aunt's protest, and let the wind whip her hair about her face. The musk of the forest was thick in the warm spring air and it surprised her by making her mouth water. Only then did she realize she hadn't eaten since their lunch at the bakery.
The car pulled to a stop at the base of the front stairs, and Sophie shoved the door open without a word and bounded up them, heading straight for the dining room. A platter of food sat on the serving table, covered in a wide silver dish. Her stomach growled in anticipation. The pasta and sauce was devoured in minutes – so quickly she barely even tasted in it – and she sat, leaning back in her chair with her hands splayed across her belly. She closed her eyes in contentment before the sound of her sister's voice floated to her ears.
“How was your date?”
Sophie couldn't help but frown as she sat up and turned in her chair. Katie approached the table, a tiny mocking smile on her painted lips.
“It wasn't a date,” she replied, raising her eyebrows in denial. “I was left stranded.”
“Mmhmm,” Katie pulled out the chair opposite Sophie and perched on its edge. “Sure, stranded. Sounds to me like you had quite the afternoon.”
“It was fine. Not a big deal. What do you need me to do now?”
“Are you trying to get out of telling me the details?” Katie pouted. “There's nothing to do tonight, everything is put away for now. We're almost caught up. I knew, if everyone started pulling their weight, that we could get it done. Now, back to you and your-”
“It wasn't a date.”
“Who went on a date?” Carol asked, entering the dining room, dragging Tim by the hand behind her. “Sophie? I don't believe it.”
“Good,” Sophie said, surprised by the sudden wave of anger that accompanied her mother's entrance. “Don't.”
Tim pulled his hand from his wife's grip and sat in the chair next to Sophie.
“A date, huh, kiddo?” he said, patting her on the shoulder. “That sounds like fun. I was wondering where Marilyn had left you.”
“She left me in town with a complete stranger,” Sophie replied with a resigned sigh. She leaned back in her chair and folded her arms, once again, across her chest. “We met him at the boat rental place. He was nice enough, just wanted to know more about the castle. Seriously,” she added after seeing the look that passed between her mother and sister, “it was not a date.”
“Whatever you say,” Katie shrugged, picking at her fingernails and smiling. “You, a guy, alone all afternoon. Sounds like a date.”
“Did he know what he was getting himself into?” Carol laughed, waving a hand in Sophie's direction from across the table. “You can be a handful sometimes.”
“Now, Carol,” Tim started, but Carol shushed him.
“I was kidding, just kidding,” she laughed, rolling her eyes toward the ceiling. “No need to raise the alarm.”
Sophie untangled her arms and legs from the tense knots they had twisted into. Standing up and straightening the hem of her shirt, she smiled coldly at them before turning away without a word.
“Now you've done it,” she heard her mother hiss behind her. “She'll be sulking for a week.”
With the knowledge that she was not neglecting her sister's needs and knowing that her aunt had most likely retired to her room, Sophie made her way to the familiar courtyard, hoping to iron out the details Jude had so carefully skipped over.
The air was cooler than it had been earlier, but not cold enough to make her want to return for a sweater. The sunlight had faded to a dull orange, and she stood on the stone patio for a moment, watching the last of the brightness fade from the sky. Shadows danced across the grass, filtering through the jagged outline of the garden's edge. The coldness reached out and brushed her bare arms as she walked briskly through the damp grass, and she wrapped them around herself with a small shiver. The dim light of twilight left her much less courageous than her previous visits, and she did not venture further than a few paces beyond the line of trees.
“Lukas?” she called quietly into the darkness. “Are you here?”
As she had in her earlier visits to the woods, she felt foolish calling out his name, but could think of no other option. After a few minutes of silence she decided to turn back and try again in the light of morning.
The French doors allowed a dull yellow light to fall onto the pressed concrete patio, and she stepped into it gratefully, aware of the tingling anxiety in her limbs. Before she could reach out to turn the handle, a voice called out from behind her. She spun around, backing into the doors, expecting to see a figure as she squinted into the darkness of the yard. It was vacant, and for a moment she thought she had imagined the voice. After only a moment, Lukas called out again.
“I'm here,” he said, but did not move into view.
Sophie stepped forward, her eyes darting to every break in the trees in an effort to catch sight of a shadow or rustle.
“Where?” she called as she moved slowly across the grass. “Come out so I can see you.”
When he did not answer, she hesitated in mid-step, the silence pounding in her ears.
“Lukas?”
“I am right here.”
The anger in his voice was unexpected – though not unfamiliar – and she knew then that he was in the trees only a few feet to her left. Silence resumed while she contemplated retreating into the castle, but he spoke again, softly, before she took a step back.
“Come to your left,” he said, “I cannot come to you.”
Sophie followed his directions, stepping over the low edge of the flowerbed, trying to avoid trampling any of the carefully tended bouquets. The breeze picked up and she felt the chill creep up her bare legs and arms, along with a wave of apprehension as she moved into the shadows. Her eyes were blind in the complete darkness and she stood still for a moment, blinking the darkness away.
She listened for the crackle of footsteps or rustle of clothes that would indicate Lukas's whereabouts, but aside from the chill wind, she was surrounded by silence. Feeling her way forward, using the vague outline of trees as a guide, she stepped further into the dense woods before she heard him sigh behind her.
“Right here,” he said, and she spun to face him, thankful that he could not see the hot blush rise in her cheeks.
“You could have said so before I tried to walk blindly through all this junk,” she kicked the forest floor with her toe.
He did not respond, but she could see his form in front of her, facing her, and she took his silence as a sign to continue.
“I wanted to talk to you about something,” she said.
“That need has been increasing in frequency,” he replied, his voice quiet, “despite my efforts to keep you away.”
“How can you expect me to stay away when there is so much I want to know?” she asked. The tone in his voice was maddening, causing her to go on the defensive before she had gotten the chance to ask her questions. “Besides, I'm paying to be here and this is the castle's property, so I can be here if I want to be here.”
If she could have seen his face it may have frightened her, for the anger displayed there was unrelenting. She waited, fists clenched, for him to speak, but still he refused.
“Alright,” she hissed, unwilling to fight the frustration she felt at his silence. “I'll just talk and assume you're listening, then.”
Still he said nothing.
“Right,” she took a deep breath. “I want to know about the witch that lived in this castle. Rausch told me-”
“I thought I told you to stay away from them?” Lukas interrupted suddenly. “You haven't seen him again, have you? Do you not understand the implications of my warning?”
“Them?” Sophie repeated, “them, who? I only wanted to ask you about her.”
“Don't,” he warned, and she could see him take a step back and turn his body toward the castle. “Don't say her name.”
“I wasn't going to, I just wanted to know what happened,” she paused, “I mean, how she died.” After a moment, and seeing that Lukas was still looking in the direction of the courtyard, Sophie thought of something that made her flinch. “Are you afraid of her?”
“Afraid,” he spat the word as though the taste of it was vile on his tongue. “What do I have to be afraid of? Is there nothing more frightening to you than a spirit? For what it's worth, I was not present at her death, though I have been suffering the consequences since then. Is there a reason for your curiosity?”
Sophie let his words sink in, making an effort to remember them for future reference, before speaking again.
“Yes,” she said, “there is a reason. I was in town today and-” but she could not finish the sentence. The memory of the warmth in Jude's eyes and a twinge of fear for him appeared simultaneously in her mind. Though he had not asked her to keep his knowledge a secret, his behavior suggested she should, and she wondered if it would be safe to disclose their conversation.
“And?” Lukas pressed, turning back toward her.
“And,” Sophie said quietly, “and I was thinking about everything, but I couldn't make the pieces fit together.” The words sounded false, even to her. “Rausch told me some, but not everything.”
“I don't know everything, but I know you're in danger,” he said, stepping closer. Sophie grimaced at the familiarity of those words. “I warned you to stay away from him.”
“Rausch?” Sophie spluttered in shock. “You never said-”
“Not Rausch. Fantir. I assume Rausch told you of him, at least?”
Sophie nodded, and then remembered the darkness and began to respond aloud when Lukas spoke again.
“I believe him to be a threat to you,” he said. “Not because I hold a grudge, but because I know what he is capable of when under her power.”
“I know what he did to you,” Sophie whispered. “Are you saying it was her? She was controlling him?”
“That is my belief,” he replied, “though some may disagree.”
“But she's not alive anymore,” she said, trying to find logic amidst the tangled rumors. “How could he be in her power now?”
“Love lives beyond death,” Lukas replied, the sadness in his voice piercing Sophie's heart. “Its power does not weaken with time. Or absence.”
Rausch's words, his description of the young lovers, came back to her and Sophie yearned to reach out a hand in comfort, but resisted the urge. He shifted his stance to lean against the nearest tree and went still.
“Rausch told me,” Sophie said after a moment, “about Annka. You loved her.”
“I do still.”
“Is she-” she hesitated, “I mean, are you alone here?”
“Yes.”
Silence resumed as the weight of his sadness pressed on them both. There was nothing to be said in comfort, and the silence grew deep. It was not until she shivered violently that Lukas looked up from the ground, seeming to become aware again of her existence.
“You're cold,” he noted.
“Slightly,” she hugged herself and stepped from one foot to the other. “But I'm not finished.”
“Not tonight,” he said, stepping nearer when she trembled again. “It's too late now. Come to me tomorrow and I'll tell you what you want to know.”
“Tomorrow?” Sophie asked, her voice wobbling with the tremors that shook her body. “I guess so. I have plans for dinner, but I can meet you before that.”
“You must come here,” he said. “Meet me right here.”
“When?”
“Whenever you can.”
“But I-” Sophie began to protest but Lukas threw up his hands and sighed in frustration.
“You have found me every other time, have you not? That was not coincidence, Sophie. Just come when you can, plan to be away for a time and I will tell you. Now, go.”
Without another word, Lukas stepped past her and sauntered away, his form disappearing into the black only a few strides from where she stood. Not needing a second dismissal, Sophie jogged to the edge of the trees and hopped through the flowerbed, making her way across the courtyard into the warmth and safety of the castle.
Not safety, she reminded herself silently. But at least it's warm.

Thursday morning dawned cloudy and grey, but Sophie's spirits were high as she hopped out of bed before seven o'clock. Showered, dressed and ready, she was in the breakfast hall before nine, alone and content as she munched her pastry and gazed at the overcast sky in the distance. It was her hope to eat without being seen in order to sneak away to the forest during the morning hours, when the rest of her family and the few scattered guests would still be preparing for their day.
With a final swig of orange juice and swipe of the napkin, she bounded from her chair and through the halls, silently praying that no one would meet her as she went. With a sigh of relief, she reached the French doors, pulling them open and stepping into the dewy haze of the courtyard.
The air was brisk as she tiptoed across the rain-glazed grass, crossing between the flowerbeds and into the shelter of the trees. As she stepped through the brush, the smell of wet moss met her nose and she grimaced, missing the fresh scent of wet grass and leaves outside the wall of trees. Coming to a stop just short of a line of low shrubs, Sophie glanced around before speaking.
“Luk-” she began, jumping violently when a hand rested on her shoulder. When she spun around, hands over her heart, her breath came in a loud rush as she looked up into his smirking face with wide eyes.
“Don't do that!” she exclaimed, reaching out a hand and pushing his shoulder without thinking.
He looked down to where she had touched him, his eyes narrowed. For a moment, she felt afraid, and then he looked back at her and cocked an eyebrow.
“Let’s go.”
He led her through the trees, his pace quick enough to keep him a few paces ahead. She noticed that he did not hold the branches away as Jude had done and thought ahead to their meeting that evening. When traces of excitement began to bubble in her stomach, she pushed the thoughts aside and focused on her surroundings, hoping to avoid a stumble into the wet mush of trampled leaves and grass that swelled around her feet.
When enough time had passed that Sophie was beginning to wonder where he was leading her, they stepped through an opening in the trees and she saw the outline of the small cottage she had stumbled upon during her first trip into the woods.
“Is this where you live?” she asked when Lukas made his way to the front door. “I've been here before.”
“I know you have,” he said, motioning for her to enter in front of him. “I was here.”
“It was you?” she turned to look at him as he shut the door. “But, you were out there,” she pointed back the way they had come. “You grabbed me in the woods. How could you have been here and there?”
“I wasn't. I followed you.”
“I was running.”
“Yes.”
“I… it…” Sophie stammered, waving her hands in small circles as she tried to form words. Lukas smiled at her confusion and pulled out a chair at the small table. The room was as it had been when she had entered it days prior, but the atmosphere had changed significantly. The last time she had entered that space, it had been shrouded by fear. Now it was as though she was seeing it with a clear mind. It was almost welcoming, in a minimalist way.
“Sit,” he said and Sophie obeyed. “There are more important things to discuss, if you haven't forgotten.”
The curtness in his voice was surprising, though Sophie was becoming used to his mood swings. He folded his arms across his chest, leaning back into the wooden chair, his gaze locked on her face. Seconds ticked by as she tried to organize her thoughts, shuffling through the clutter in her mind, prioritizing information.
“I'll start, shall I?” Lukas asked, leaning his head back and gazing at the ceiling. “You want to know how she died.”
“Yes, I do.”
“She was a witch,” he explained, his voice still sharp and cold. “In this town and in those days, when a witch was caught, even without proof, it was burned. They say nothing can destroy the spirit of one who encompasses the art of witchcraft but flames. I suppose, in light of your experiences, they were wrong.”
He paused for a moment, closing his eyes. The information was not entirely news to Sophie, but she did not speak. Lukas opened his eyes with a sigh and continued.
“She was discovered in the spring of 1860, captured and bound by members of the church. It was as though they were hunting wolves, they were so armed, but she did not struggle. I watched as they bound her wrists and ankles and pulled her from the castle like a dog. Nothing will ever omit that memory from my mind.
“Though I was glad to see her go, I cannot say I enjoyed watching her abused. What she did, she did out of love. Right or wrong, to deny the power behind it is foolish. We were left alone after that. Rausch, Fantir and I remained in the castle. An-” he faltered slightly, “Annka was away. Isa had passed the year prior. No other servants had been permitted to reside there since Fantir – how should I put it – lost his mind.”
“He wouldn't let anyone work?” Sophie asked, watching Lukas's body language as he became progressively lost in his own words. The tense anger so familiar to her by then was fading. Now, his shoulders sagged and his head tipped forward as if he were exhausted.
“No one. Many of the rooms fell into ruin, but he was not concerned. Isa's death had taken its toll and he was vulnerable to every one of the witch's advances. Even I was not permitted in the castle during the daylight hours. The others were at his mercy,” he stopped and sighed, glancing up at Sophie as he ran his hands through his hair.
“What could you have done?” she asked, seeing the guilt burning in his eyes as he spoke. “Rausch told me about the way he treated you. He hated you because she loved you.”
“Yes. But she hated Annka through him. In the hours when she needed me most, I was absent. I was a coward.”
With no idea of what to say, Sophie reached out a hand and touched his arm, letting the contact linger. His eyes traced down her arm, pausing on her fingers. Her heart fluttered as she watched his hand move toward hers, stuttering to a stop when his skin made contact. He stroked the length of her hand gently, seizing her wrist in his hand and pulling her grip away. When her heart sank, Sophie was shocked at her disappointment. She pulled her hand back, rubbing the sting of the contact from her palm and keeping her gaze on the floor beneath her feet. She did not look up as he began to speak again.
“It was late in the afternoon when they burned her. Over a week had passed since her capture. I was working, as always, grooming the perimeter of the forest that surrounds the castle. I had no desire to witness it, as so many others did. Rumor spread quickly and many of the surrounding settlements had travelled to partake in the ritual. Fantir and Rausch stayed away, as well, but Annka would not be held back. I could not understand her wicked desire,” he pounded a fist on the table, “but she was determined to watch it, even in light of my protests. The desire was foreign to me, for I wished nothing but haste to the entire affair. I suppose she wanted to see justice done for the suffering brought upon us all.”
“Did she tell you about it, after?” Sophie asked.
To her surprise, Lukas's face clouded over in shadow and his eyes narrowed. His lips curved into a spiteful smirk and she could feel the rage surging in waves from his tense muscles. The hard chair she was sitting on suddenly felt much too close to him and she leaned as far back as was possible. Nothing but the sound of the soft breeze hovered in the small room and her discomfort grew as she avoided the glare locked on her face.
“After,” he snarled, the sound making Sophie's skin crawl. “There was no after. Have you not noticed what I am? Does none of this seem out of the ordinary to you?”
“Y-yes,” she stammered, still avoiding eye contact. “It does. I-I just meant-”
“I know what you meant,” he spat. “I thought you were a bright girl.”
Tears stung behind Sophie's eyes as his anger penetrated her weakened emotions. She did not try to speak. Instead, she rose from her chair and turned to the door, hesitating only when she realized that the way home was unfamiliar. A snort of amusement from behind pushed her feet forward and she pulled the door open swiftly, stepping into the haze of the morning. With no idea of which direction to go, she took a few steps into the yard. Her body jerked reflexively when his hand gripped her shoulder.
“How do you expect to find your way?” he said, pulling her around.
“I don't know,” she mumbled, embarrassed but unwilling to re-enter the house.
“The correct answer is, you won't,” he said. When she looked up at him, she saw that the mask of hostility and anger had faded, leaving derision in its place. “Come inside.”
“No.”
“Don't be difficult. I haven't finished answering your questions.”
Sophie sniffed and crossed her arms over her chest. Knowing that she looked like a stubborn child, she stood her ground when he pushed open the door and motioned for her to enter. He watched her for a moment, shrugged, and re-entered the house, closing the door behind him.
When he had gone, the building tears began to stream from her eyes. She swiped at her face to clear them away, but they did not cease.
“Get a grip, Sophie,” she whispered.
Before she made to leave, she took one last look at the closed door, fighting the urge to stick out her tongue, and turned away. When she took a step, she heard the faintest trill of a woman's voice. Freezing mid-stride, Sophie cocked her ears and waited. Another moment passed before she heard a flurry of hushed whispers, coming from inside the cottage. Being sure to make no sound, she stepped to the door and leaned in, barely pressing her ear to the wood.
“...can't leave her...,” she heard a female voice say, though the words were muffled and she caught only a few of them.
There was silence for a moment.
“Tried!” the female voice rang loudly, followed by a loud sigh. “...need to control... anger... she was probably afraid...”
Sophie strained to hear the words clearly, closing her eyes and pressing her ear harder into the wood of the door.
There was another hush, this one longer. Sophie was beginning to think the woman had gone when her voice rang out again.
“Don't try that on me, Lukas,” she said, and Sophie jolted away from the door. The voice was near. It sounded as though the woman was standing directly in front of her. With a step back, Sophie prepared to flee, but after a few seconds, and when the door remained closed, she returned her ear to its surface.
The woman was speaking again, her voice muffled and further away.
“This means something. You are willing to give it all up because of these ridiculous ideas. Let it go. She was sent to you for a reason.”
“To aggravate me,” she heard Lukas's voice say, but the woman did not answer. After a few moments, Sophie heard a sigh and a rustle. When no one spoke, she peeled herself from the door and jogged through the yard, passing into the shadow of trees without a sound. She turned again, glancing toward the house, but it might as well have been vacant, for there was no movement without or within.
Choosing a path she hoped would take her in the direction of the castle she maneuvered through the branches and brush with as much speed as she could muster; her breath was heavy with the effort. Circling a wide tree trunk, Sophie stumbled to a halt, letting out a faint scream as she almost ran headlong into a tall figure standing in her path.
“Let me lead you back,” Lukas said, not looking into her face as he spoke. He turned and took a path perpendicular to the one she had been traveling.
She hesitated before following, knowing she would never find the way on her own, and traced his quick strides with her own faltering steps. Twice she fell, her knees scraping against the roughness of the forest floor, but he did not slow. Only when he approached the edge of the courtyard did he stop. Sophie stumbled up to him, clutching her sides and leaning forward.
“How did you,” she panted, “how did you do that?”
“What?” he kept his gaze straight forward, his voice was cold.
“Catch up with me,” she explained, standing straight and putting her hands on her hips, hoping to look as dignified and haughty as Katie did in such a position. The dirt on her shorts and blood on her knees did nothing to help her.
“We've been through this,” he said.
“Maybe you have,” she countered, “but I still don't understand a damn thing!”
Her yell surprised him and he turned with raised eyebrows.
“There is no need to get angry,” he said, a smile playing on the edge of his lips.
Sophie threw up her hands in frustration and stormed away from him, this time feeling thoroughly satisfied with her exit as she yanked on the handle of the French door and slammed it with a crash behind her. The glass vibrated violently when she did, threatening to shatter from the jarring impact. An angry smirk crossed her face, but only for a moment.
As she turned into the main entrance, Katie emerged from the corridor opposite, storming toward her with equal ferocity and before she knew what was happening, a cold, thin hand connected with the side of her face, bringing tears to her eyes and sending her head snapping to the side. Her hand flew to her already blotched and reddened cheek, and she stared at her sister in shock, the sting of the impact piercing her skin.
“How dare you?” Katie screeched, her voice bounced around the room, magnified by the open space. “Who do you think you are?”
“Katie,” Sophie whispered, her voice barely audible because of the sudden shock. “I don't know what you're saying. What is the matter with you?”
“Me?” Katie shrieked, her normally beautiful face splotched and contorted in her fury. “My own sister is a two-timing slut and there is something the matter with me!”
“Excuse me?” The shock faded and through the lingering tingle of pain, anger began to stir once more. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“Don't play dumb with me, Sophie. Natalie told me all about what she saw. I will never, never forgive you for this.”
“Natalie?” Sophie repeated. It took a moment, but something clicked in her mind and she laughed at the lunacy of her sister’s accusation.
Katie raised her hand to strike again, but Sophie seized her wrist, an unfamiliar and satisfying rage flashing in her eyes.
“Don't. Touch. Me.” The snarl came out low and menacing, and Katie tried to shrink away, but Sophie kept her grip firm. “If you ever hit me again, sister,” she hissed the word, “you'll be sorry. As for your information, I'd turn my anger on the source, if I were you.”
“Let go,” Katie whimpered and Sophie released her grasp. Katie rubbed her wrist and looked at her sister with pursed lips. “Are you saying that Natalie and Brian...” her voice trailed away, a look of pain marring her beautiful features.
“Don't ask me for anything, Katie,” Sophie retorted, stepping around her sister. “I suggest you choose your friends a little more carefully.”
A long, hot shower and thirty minutes of hair-drying later, Sophie's anger had been replaced with a warm relaxation. She hummed quietly, pulling the hairbrush through her black hair and admiring the deep violet fabric of the borrowed robe as it contrasted with her pale skin. The light pink bruise on her cheek had faded and she smoothed a layer of foundation on her skin with her fingertips.
The satisfying release of fury played back in her mind like an old film, but the guilt she had expected to accompany it did not surface. Instead, she felt peaceful, relieved. Even the thought of her dinner with Jude did not quicken her pulse, despite the flutter in her stomach when she imagined his warm, blue eyes.
It wasn't a date, she had said, vehemently, with such conviction that she herself had believed the statement. The excitement in her heart and butterflies in her stomach were telling her a much different story as she pulled open her bedroom door thirty minutes later and bounced down the hall.
Upon reaching the base of the stairway that would take her up to the ballroom, Sophie heard her mother speaking quietly. The whispers echoed down the stone walls.
“I never expected this either,” she was saying, “but I think it's time we do something. She is old enough to know the truth, and especially now that she has turned on her own sister.”
“There are two sides to every story, Carol.” Sophie expected to hear her father's voice, but instead the hushed whispers of Aunt Marilyn met her ears. “I'm sure you are only hearing what Katie wants to tell.”
“Leave it to you to take her side, Marilyn,” Carol hissed. “What more could I have expected? Spare me the sob story of poor little neglected Sophie. I got more than enough of that when Gus was alive.”
Sophie's heart stopped, and her feet froze to the floor despite the urge she felt to run to her aunt's aid. There was silence for a moment before Aunt Marilyn sucked in a deep breath.
“Tell her, then,” she whispered. “She deserves to know the truth. She deserves more than you were ever willing to give her. Be my guest, Carol. Tell her. But don't come crying to me when you lose the only daughter you have that would be willing to put herself on the line for you, despite your inadequate mothering. Lord knows you've spoiled the other one into utter uselessness.”
Heavy footsteps thundered down the stairs, giving Sophie only enough time to slink around the wall, crouching into a tight alcove. She watched her mother stomp down the hall and out of sight, her blond head shaking from side to side all the while as though she were muttering curses under her breath. The moment she was out of sight, Sophie scrambled from her hiding place and flew two steps at a time, up to her aunt. When she reached the open landing, there was no one in sight.
With mounting apprehension, Sophie ventured toward the ballroom. Nearing the open doors, the bustling sound of work mingled with the hum of conversation. A quick scan of the room told her Aunt Marilyn had not come that way, and she turned to leave. Brian called out to her from across the room, waving a hand in her direction. She paused, taking a deep breath and casting her eyes upward.
“Sophie,” he called, running toward her. “Hey, wait a minute. Can I talk to you?”
“Uh, yeah,” Sophie turned around, smiling meekly. “Sure.”
“Listen,” he grabbed her arm, pulling her out of the doorway, his grip tight. “I'm not sure what happened between you and Katie, but she's pretty upset.”
Sophie pulled her arm from Brian's grasp and put her hands on her hips.
“Why should she be upset?” she said, keeping her voice even despite her frustration. “I mean, she's not the one that got slapped in the face and called a slut, is she?”
“What are you talking about?” Brian's eyes widened. “She said you lost your temper and attacked her.”
“Nice,” Sophie muttered. “Look, I don't want to get in the middle of whatever this is. All I know is that she was told that you and I,” she paused, looking uncomfortable, “were involved, and she got a little unscrewed.”
Brian stared at Sophie with furrowed brows, his mouth hanging open. After a minute, when it proved he would not reply, Sophie went on.
“I did lose my temper,” she said, putting her hands up in surrender. “I'll admit it, but she took me by surprise and I was already upset.”
“Why would she think you and I were involved?” he asked finally, rubbing his hands over his face. “Who could have told her such a thing?”
“Natalie,” Sophie replied, “apparently.”
“Oh, for the love of god,” Brian exclaimed, throwing his hands up. “This childish bullshit is wearing me thin. What next?”
“I suppose that's what happens when you get involved with a twenty-one year old girl and her friends,” Sophie said. She regretted her words instantly when Brian's face went from exasperated to thoughtful, and from thoughtful to resigned.
“You're right,” he said, nodding once. “What am I thinking, Sophie? Of course you're right.”
“No,” she said, reaching out to seize his arm as he turned to leave. “No, please. I didn't mean it like that. Brian-”
But he pulled away from her and hurried down the hall, leaving her to stand alone, all thought of her aunt and the conversation she had overheard washed from her mind. She took a step forward and hesitated, silently praying that he would change his mind and return. As she waited, a clatter of dishes and rush of angry voices behind her made her jump in surprise. Not wanting to become involved in that drama, she bolted from the ballroom, avoiding the path Brian had taken.
As she travelled through empty rooms, not entirely sure of where she was heading, Sophie pushed the thought of Brian and the trouble she may have caused out of her mind and tried to piece together the conversation she had overheard on the stairwell. Her mother wanted to tell her something, something important. Aunt Marilyn knew what it was. Running through options in her mind, Sophie came up with a few outlandish but potentially possible ideas.
“Maybe they took me out of the will,” she whispered, laughing quietly, but her aunt's words came back to her and the wry smile was washed from her face.
She deserves to know the truth.
With a shake of her head, Sophie continued on, taking a set of stairs down to the second floor. As she passed through a wide hall, voices floated from open doors on her right and she realized that Katie's wedding guests had begun to arrive.
She hurried down another set of stairs, emerging at the far end of the hall that branched off into the conservatory. Avoiding that door, she followed the hall, passing common rooms and sitting areas, until she entered the front foyer.
To her surprise, people stood in small groups throughout the entry, carrying on hushed conversations and admiring the architecture and ambiance of the castle. The smell of strong perfume lingered.
“Sophie, there you are,” Aunt Marilyn came hurrying over, her arms extended. After a quick, and somewhat out of character embrace, she ushered Sophie into the thick of the crowd and began introductions.
“Katie's sister, that's right,” said an older woman wearing a long purple dress. Her grey hair took on the same purple undertone, making Sophie think of a witches costume she had once worn for Halloween. “You must be so thrilled for your sister. What a blessing, marrying so young.”
“Mmmhmm,” Sophie nodded, scanning the area for Katie or Brian. “Excuse me.”
Aunt Marilyn sidled off to another group of unfamiliar faces when Sophie seized her arm and pulled her aside.
“Ouch, Sophie,” she pulled her arm away with a stern look. “What is the matter with you?”
“Nothing,” Sophie said. “Sorry. I've been looking for you. There's something-”
“Not now,” Aunt Marilyn waved her away, rushing over to a young couple that had just entered.
With a frustrated sigh, Sophie navigated her way through the milling groups and past the wide staircase, heading in the direction of Rausch's room. When she reached the hidden door, a deep voice behind her made her body contract in shock.
“If it is the old man you seek, you will not find him there.”
Spinning around, Sophie pressed herself against the wall, keeping her eyes locked on the face of the man she had been warned to avoid.
“Stay away from me,” she whispered, keenly aware of the people in the entrance. She prayed no one would look in her direction.
“Come,” he said, motioning for her to follow him as he rounded the stairway and began to climb, his thin fingers trailing along the polished wood of the railing. When he had taken five or six steps, Sophie bolted from the door and walked briskly toward the hall that would take her away from him, hoping to avoid causing a stir.
“You met a man in the town,” Fantir's deep, accented voice floated to her ears. She paused.
“Jude,” she whispered.
“To trust him would be foolish.”
She spun around, meeting Fantir's eyes. He stood midway up the stairs, his hands dangling loosely at his sides, and nodded knowingly, motioning once more for her to follow. Despite all the warnings, something in his eyes seized her and she obeyed him, following his lead as he climbed the stairs and glided down a wide hall.
Near the end of the hall were a set of wide wooden doors. Sophie had tried to enter them once, but they were locked. Now, however, Fantir pushed them open with ease and led her into an impressive bedroom. The walls were lined with ornate wooden panels, each one identical to its neighbor, and the ceiling seemed to be blanketed in delicate silks. A fire crackled in the gaping fireplace.
With another nod, he led her to one of two armchairs flanking the warm fire.
She sat, keeping her eyes on him despite a desire to absorb every detail of the beautiful room.
Taking a seat across from her, his eyes swept over every corner of the room as though he expected something to jump out at him.
“Well?” she asked after a minute. His presence frightened her, but she thought it best to be as thorough as possible, thinking that it might be her only chance to hear what he had to say.
“Have I given you reason to fear me?” he asked, leaning forward. “Your eyes are wary, but I have done nothing.”
“It's only natural to fear things that you don't understand,” Sophie replied, surprising herself by sounding confident. He nodded, sitting back in his chair. “Why can't I trust him?”
Fantir studied her for a moment and then smiled.
“He desires what is not to be desired,” he paused. “No, it is unwise.”
“What is?” Sophie asked.
“I have you here, now we must discover a way,” he said, ignoring her question. “You are to remain here with me. This time, I will not fail.”
Sophie's mouth fell open at his words.
“No,” she said. “No! I won't stay here.”
“You will,” Fantir whispered, standing and pacing the room. His hands were vibrating, whether out of anxiety or excitement, she could not tell. “You must.”
“Because she told you?” Sophie said, standing as well. “She told you to get me?”
He rounded on her, eyes blazing, his lips pulled back in a vicious snarl. Sophie stepped back, an unexpected whimper escaping her lips.
“Realize this, girl,” he growled. “You know nothing of what you speak. Keep your mouth closed and your eyes open, that is my advice, but do not tempt me. It is beyond my control. Beyond my control.”
His voice trailed and he turned away from her, pacing the room once more.
Sophie exhaled, her heart thundering in her chest. Her eyes darted to the door and back to Fantir, whose back was turned as he leaned over a desk at the far end of the room. In silence, she slid her foot over the floor, edging nearer to the exit. Each time she shifted her weight, her breath caught in her throat and she paused, waiting for him to round on her in fury. Each time he didn't, she slid her foot further, drawing herself nearer and nearer to freedom.
When the door was within reaching distance, she raised her hand to grasp the heavy brass handle. Her heart stopped beating as she watched him turn, looking toward where she had been standing moments before. His eyes slid to her form, standing by the door, and his lips pulled back in a fierce grin.
“Leaving?” he hissed. As he stepped toward her, she could see the swiftness in his long legs. His lithe movements made her uneasy and she dropped her hand to her side, her breath coming in ragged bursts.
His dark eyes remained locked on hers, his black hair unkempt and grubby despite the rich-looking quality of his clothing.
Nearer and nearer he came, taking slow, menacing steps. She backed away, her body colliding with the door behind her. He came so close that she could see the deep lines around his eyes and smell the rush of his hot breath.
“Were you not listening?” he asked, raising his hand and seizing her face. She shivered and cringed at his touch, her chest heaving with the force of her frightened breaths. “You must remain here.”
“I won't,” she whispered, turning her face away from his hand.
“No?” he tilted his head, his eyes narrowing. “I admire your conviction. What a shame to waste such potential.”
He leaned in closer, holding her face in his hand, his eyes running from her forehead to her lips. She pressed them together, her body stiff with fear. His face was so near to hers that he brushed along her cheek with his nose before letting out a deep sigh and releasing her. He turned away, running his hands through his hair. His age was evident at that moment; the slope of his shoulders was tired and she could see the patches of grey along the base of his neck. Until that point, she had forgotten that he had raised a daughter into adulthood and lost his wife to disease.
“Please,” she said, stepping forward. “You don't want to keep me here.”
“No,” he replied. “But it is not my choice. How many years have I been held prisoner in my own home, watching its desecration, watching strangers peruse my belongings?” he turned to look at her, hunger and fire in his eyes. She remembered Lukas telling of Fantir's love for the witch and felt a stab of compassion. “How many years have I longed for the warmth of another?”
Sophie swallowed.
“I know how you must feel,” she began slowly. “But if you keep me here, I won't be able to help you.”
“Help me?” he sneered. “It is for my own sake that I keep you here. Your presence alone will help me. It must help me.”
“She wants me?” Sophie guessed, watching his reaction. His eyes narrowed slightly, but other than that there was no sign of surprise.
He shrugged his shoulders and turned away.
“She wants many things. I do not know what they are, but I cannot sit by and watch my one hope in a century escape. You have been spending time in the woods?” he asked, watching her carefully, “with a certain young man? I suppose he has confided in you our history?”
“Some,” Sophie answered, daring to reveal parts of the truth in hopes of regaining her freedom. “Not enough, I don't think, but I'm learning more. There are some things I'd like to find out. I want to help you, Fantir. I want to free you from her control.”
She bit her lip. The words had been spoken without thought and, though she wasn't even sure she could help, she was terrified of his reaction.
He looked at her, his eyes empty. Flinging himself into the chair by the fire, he leaned forward and pressed the heels of his hands into his forehead. She took another step into the room.
“That, you cannot do,” he said quietly.
“I know you loved her,” she said, feeling her confidence grow.
“Loved her?” he spat, looking up at Sophie. “I did, once. Though my love was like poison to my system. It destroyed everything I had, made everyone I once loved turn against me. Yes, I loved her. She is the devil in costume. But she holds the key to my freedom. To peace.”
With no idea of whether he was right or wrong, Sophie did not speak. As she stood silently, a voice exploded from the other side of the door.
“Fantir!” Rausch was shouting frantically. “Let me in, Fantir. Where is she?”
“Ah, Rausch,” Fantir shook his head, “always the dramatist.”
Sophie cringed at the volume of Rausch's shouts.
“There are people everywhere.”
Fantir looked at her for a moment before a smile crossed his face and he laughed. She saw his eyes brighten with humor and thought he could almost pass for handsome at that moment.
“What do people matter?” he asked, standing to cross the room.
Sophie remembered that she alone could hear and see them and felt ridiculous for worrying. Her face flushed and she lowered her eyes as Fantir strode past to open the door.
“Hello, my friend,” he said as he pulled open the door and Rausch came tumbling into the room. “Is there something amiss?”
“Amiss?” Rausch panted, shoving his way into the room and rushing to Sophie’s side. “Has he harmed you? Are you alright?”
“No,” she said, “and yes, I'm fine.”
“How dare you,” Rausch turned to Fantir, who closed the door gently, twisted the lock, and turned around with his arms crossed over his chest. “You filthy traitor. What use is she to you? Go back to your whore, leave us in peace.”
Darkness crept over Fantir's features, but he let out a low laugh.
“You speak with confidence, old man,” he said, “despite your own guilt.”
“Stop,” Sophie interrupted, holding her hands up. “I thought you two didn't talk to each other. Isn't that what you told me?” She turned to Rausch.
He hesitated, and Fantir let out another genuine laugh.
“Don't talk to each other?” he repeated, a smile lingering on his face. “What is this? Aren't we close companions, dear friend? Why such lies? Perhaps your guilt has overtaken even your most appealing features?”
“I-” Rausch began, looking at Sophie with pleading eyes. “I admit, what I said is not entirely truthful.”
“Not entirely truthful?” Fantir asked. “Tell the girl, Rausch, unless you would like me to do the honor?”
“No,” Rausch held up a hand. “No. I will do it.”
Sophie raised her eyebrows, but did not say a word. Rausch plodded to the fire and lowered himself into one of the chairs, leaning forward much the same as Fantir had done only minutes before. Fantir followed, planting himself on the floor next to the fire and gesturing for Sophie to take the other chair. She nodded and took a seat, waiting for Rausch to gather his thoughts.
With a sigh, he looked up, the same exhaustion on his face that she had seen days before.
“I lied,” he began. “I warned you against him because of my own foolish beliefs. Although his current behavior proves me right. You must understand, Sophie, I had no idea what your presence in this castle would evoke. I was-”
“Selfish,” Fantir interrupted.
“Yes,” Rausch cast a dark glance in his direction. “I suppose it was selfish. My past is not clean, but what I did, I did out of concern for my loved ones. What do you do, Fantir? Kidnap a young girl as a sacrifice for your own freedom? Was that the intention?”
“What other choices have I now?” Fantir responded, throwing his hands up, his eyes wild. “It is not only my freedom I am considering, do not ignore that fact.”
“No, I suppose not,” Rausch agreed. “Sophie,” he turned toward her with an apologetic glance, “you do deserve the truth, and I was intending to provide it, however-”
“Get down to it, man,” Fantir interrupted again. “She will be unconscious in minutes at this rate. Let her have it, and put it away for good. I have forgiven you, what more do you need?”
Sophie looked at Fantir, who shot her a knowing look, and then leaned toward Rausch.
“Please,” she said, ignoring the dark man across from her and his supposed intentions, focusing only on Rausch's pained face. “Just tell me. Whatever it is, if he can forgive you, I'm sure I'll be able to handle it.”
“Yes,” he sighed, rubbing his hands over his face. “Yes, you’re right.” He took a long breath through his nose before continuing in a soft voice. “Do you know what happens to those possessing the signs of witchcraft in days long ago?”
Sophie sucked in her breath. The memory of the charred and broken pillar flashed in her mind. She glanced at Fantir again, but this time he did not look at her. He was leaning against the stone fireplace, arms resting on his knees and eyes cast downwards. She nodded slowly.
Rausch took a shaking breath and continued.
“It was I who reported the witch to the church,” he whispered. “I sent her to burn.”
He paused and the room was cloaked in an oppressive silence.
“Had I known what would have followed, my decisions would have been vastly different,” he said, willing her to believe him with his eyes. “I underestimated her power. We all did,” he eyed Fantir, who snorted and shook his head. “But never could I have predicted this.”
“Of course not,” Sophie replied, trying to soothe the sadness that had crept into Rausch's voice. “How could you have?”
“Regardless,” he went on, giving Sophie a weak smile, “what occurred in the months that followed will haunt me for eternity. Perhaps longer, for I do not know what awaits me when this world comes to its end.”
The room went still again. Rausch remained with his head in his hands and Fantir kept his eyes to the ground. Sophie looked from one to the other, bewildered and confused, until she couldn't stand the silence any longer.
“I don't understand any of this,” she said finally. “Nothing is making sense. First, you tell me to avoid him,” she pointed to Fantir, “and then you act like old friends. Now you're telling me that you're responsible for your situation, when there's no way you could have known.”
“It was not my situation I had to be concerned about,” Rausch replied, shaking his head.
“My daughter,” Fantir looked up, “was not cursed, as we are. For one reason or another, she was spared the fate that befell the three of us. You can imagine, when she returned from the execution, what might have happened.”
Sophie nodded, understanding some of Rausch's guilt.
“She wouldn't have been able to see you,” she said. “Or hear you.”
“Not only that,” he went on, “but we ourselves had no understanding of what had occurred. Imagine for yourself, if you were to return home to your family only to find them absent, your home empty. If the days that followed were lonesome, and haunted by touches, sensations, objects moving without explanation. How would you react to such an experience?”
“I would have thought I'd gone crazy,” Sophie replied, closing her eyes. She was unsure if she wanted to hear more.
“In our efforts to contact her, comfort her, be with her, we damaged her irreparably,” his voice went quiet and a chill crept up Sophie's spine. “It was three months after that fated day that I wandered dejected, depressed, through the castle. Rausch had long since secluded himself in his chamber, refusing me access. We quarreled violently in the beginning and I was not offended by his absence. When I reached the stairwell that would lead me to my daughter's room, I felt it.”
“Felt what?” Sophie half knew the answer, but could not bring herself to believe it.
“Death,” he replied, the word choking from his throat. “I ran. I begged to God that it was not what I knew it to be. When I reached her door, the sensation had risen to such a peak that I thrust myself upon it, sending my body onto it until I snapped the lock and charged through. And there, on the floor, surrounded by her own blood, was my sweet daughter,” he sucked in a sharp breath, covering his face with his hands. Rausch had begun to sob quietly. Sophie sat in shock, watching the two men grieve an ancient loss. Her thoughts went to Lukas and pity crashed upon her like a tidal wave, pulling her under, cutting off her breath. She tried to choke down air, but the grief filling the room penetrated her to the very core.
Fantir sat, his hands covering his face, while Sophie tried to compose herself enough to say a word or two of comfort. Despite the fear she had felt, and his former intentions, she could not help but feel connected to him somehow. It was a connection that ran deeper than anything she had ever felt with her own family.
Finally, he sat up with a shaky sigh and wiped away the tear-stains from his pale cheeks.
“I was powerless to help,” he said quietly. “I sent my child to her grave.”
“It was my foolish beliefs that brought this curse upon us,” Rausch interrupted. “I am to blame, we've been through this. Annka's blood is on my hands. Let me suffer the consequences of my actions.”
Fantir shook his head, mumbling something incoherent.
Sophie looked from one man to the other and chose her next words carefully.
“I understand how hard that must have been,” she began slowly, “but I'm still a little confused about why I've been warned against trusting you. You attacked me not half an hour ago, and yet here you sit like nothing happened.”
“Yes,” Fantir answered, nodding his head. After a second his eyebrows furrowed and he looked up at her questioningly. “I did not attack you,” he said. “I was only trying to keep you here. My instincts take over; the fear gets the best of me. I am sorry if I frightened you.”
“You did,” Sophie replied.
“I have my suspicions as to why you were warned against me,” Fantir went on, but Rausch raised his hands.
“It was my own fear,” he interjected. “When I learned of her return, I was concerned for all of our safety. I was concerned especially for you, my friend,” he turned to Fantir, “but I could not sit by and watch it play out before my eyes once more. I had to warn her, despite my uncertainty.”
“That,” Fantir replied, “I do not understand. Through these many years, you have seen me repent. How could you expect me to falter in our greatest time of trial?”
“Wait,” Sophie interrupted. “I'm not following.”
“Many years ago,” Fantir turned to Sophie, “I was in her power.”
“The witch?”
He nodded.
“She used my love for her as a weapon, taking my mind and body and using them against me. It was love that weakened my defenses, though I was not aware of it then. Love broke the barrier between us and she was able to tie herself to my soul, controlling every thought, every movement. The vulnerability I expressed by loving her was her greatest tool, my greatest weakness.”
“She possessed you?”
“Not exactly,” he replied. “She was living, as was I, so possession was not possible. I knew of my actions, but not of their implication. She invaded my mind, used coercion and feathered words, but I was present. I will not remove accountability from myself. I have the memories, vague though they are.”
“That is why,” Rausch spoke, “I was afraid of her return. She is dead, that is for certain, but how much power she still holds, I did not know.”
“You said she didn't leave,” Sophie countered, but Rausch shook his head.
“I said I was not sure. Whether or not she lurked in the darkest corners of this castle is unknown to me, but I feel her now. Her return and your arrival are, I believe, connected.”
“Why?” Sophie whispered, her eyes scanning the large room. She had not noticed the disarray, objects piled in corners and papers flung over every surface. It had obviously not been occupied in some time. The only signs of life were the tangled bed-sheets atop a massive wooden bed at the far end of the room, and the charred ashes in the hearth.
“Why, indeed,” Fantir stared at Sophie with narrowed eyes. His glare made her uncomfortable, as though he was looking through her flesh to her core, prodding her depths.
“When I was talking to Lu-”, she began in a whisper.
“Careful,” Rausch interrupted, raising his eyebrows in warning.
“Sorry,” Sophie shook her head at her foolishness. “When I was talking to him,” she cocked her head toward the windows and forest beyond, “he told me to stay away from you. Was it for the same reason? Have you spoken to him in all these years?”
Fantir looked at Rausch, who turned to Sophie with a small smile.
“It seems as though we have left out a rather important detail,” he said. “We, Fantir and I, cannot leave the boundaries of these walls.”
“At all?” Sophie paused, letting the words sink in.
“I have not seen anything but the dreary view beyond these windows in nearly two centuries.”
“But, what about, I mean, he's living in the forest,” she stammered, trying to understand. “How is that possible? You can't go outside, ever?”
“I have no answers for you, child,” Rausch said, his voice quiet. “What I know is that I have been unable to cross a threshold to the outside world in a very long time. As for him, living in the forest, I assume he is confined to that space. A sorry bit of luck, that was, but he seems to have survived.”
“He's alright,” she nodded vaguely, still processing his words. “He's got a house there. And there's a woman, too, I think.”
“A woman?” Fantir sat upright from his perch against the fireplace. “Is that what you said?”
Sophie was startled by his reaction and unable to speak, but her silence only aggravated him.
“Answer me, girl!” he said, springing toward her and shaking her by her shoulders. “A living woman?”
“I-I don't know,” Sophie gasped, “I didn't see her.”
“Sophie,” Rausch moved toward her, crouching before her and pulling Fantir's hands from her arms. “How do you know there is a woman?”
“I heard a voice,” she answered, rubbing the deep red prints left by Fantir's frantic grip. “I was leaving, and the door was closed, but I heard a voice speaking.”
“Speaking directly to him?” Fantir demanded. “You heard him answer?”
“No,” she replied. “He didn't answer. The woman would speak and there would be silence, but she answered as though he had spoken.”
Fantir's eyes widened and Rausch turned to him, rising to his feet and rubbing his temples with his fingers.
“Of course he would,” Fantir mumbled. “Foolish boy.”
“Wait,” Rausch said to him, “we cannot assume anything.”
Sophie waited, but they made no attempt to include her in the conversation.
“Send her back,” Fantir was saying, “let her investigate.”
“You have always been one to sacrifice the well-being of others for your own personal gain,” Rausch replied, his voice going cold.
“Be sensible, man,” Fantir rolled his eyes. “It will not harm her to try.”
“You want me to go back there and spy on him?” Sophie asked. She planted her hands on her hips and tried to look menacing, but Fantir merely scoffed at her. Rausch looked at her, his tired eyes full of concern.
“Sophie,” he said. “I would never ask you to perform a task you were not comfortable with. If he has harmed or threatened you, you have every right to keep your distance. But, if you felt so inclined as to help us uncover more information-”
“Oh, save it,” Sophie hissed, “I'll do it. You are going to owe me for this. And everything else I'm sure I'll have to do over the next week.”
Fantir gave Sophie another warning about Jude when she glanced at a small clock on the hall table and remembered the time. She nodded impatiently, waving her hand and assuring him that she would be careful before hurrying to the front entrance. It was past six o'clock, and she wanted to avoid having him meet any member of her family, so she perched on a chair just inside the front door and waited impatiently for him to arrive, all the warnings pushed from her mind.
Chapter 10

Thirty minutes later, Sophie was still bouncing nervously in her chair, avoiding the curious gazes of passing wedding guests. When she heard the unmistakable ring of her sister's voice from an adjoining hall, she jumped from the chair and rushed for the door, a pang of guilt biting at her heels. In the back of her mind, she knew that it was a cowardly thing to do, but she couldn't bring herself to turn around. Whether Brian had acted upon his impulse after their conversation or not was still a mystery, leaving Sophie in the middle of a potentially explosive situation.
The sun ducked low, peeking out from behind the grey blanket of clouds lingering in the sky. Its rays filtered through the trees and over the front yard, casting crooked shadows over the flowerbeds and rocky driveway. A thin mist hung on the air, as it had on each of the previous days, but the warm spring air was refreshing nonetheless.
She sat, careful to brush the dust from the stone steps before lowering herself onto them, and waited with her hands folded on her knees. The small parking area on her right was packed full of various shiny rental vehicles. Turning her gaze upwards, she let the fading sunlight pierce her eyes, making them sting and water as voices floated through the air from somewhere inside, chattering and laughing.
The minutes passed slowly as she waited, forcing the memory of Fantir from her mind. His behavior confused her and the constant sense of being betrayed was unsettling. Her shoulders tensed at the thought, rising to her ears before she shook her head and rolled them back down, taking a deep breath of the musky air.
When the sun had faded from the sky, leaving nothing but orange and red splotches arching over the line of trees, a crunch of gravel finally alerted her to the approach of a vehicle. Her heart fluttered in her chest, the excitement she had been fighting for hours bubbled uncontrollably to the surface. A dark blue pickup rounded the corner and rolled through the break in trees and she stood, straightening the hem of her shirt and trying to look as casual as possible. She could see the outline of Jude's broad shoulders in the dim light, though his face was entirely hidden in shadows. He pulled around the circle, bringing the truck up to the base of the stairs.
Sophie stepped carefully down the steps, thinking they would leave immediately, but he hopped from the truck and rounded the front, a wide smile on his face.
“Sophie,” he said, holding out a hand in greeting. She took it awkwardly, unsure of his intentions, but he wound his fingers through hers and squeezed gently, sending another shock of butterflies raging in her stomach.
“Hi,” she said, working hard to keep her voice from quivering. He smiled down at her before raising his eyes toward the castle, his eyebrows arched high.
“What a place,” he said, stepping forward.
“Yeah, I guess,” Sophie answered, keeping her feet planted. The last thing she wanted was for him to drag her inside. When he took another step, she pulled her hand from his and took a deep breath. “Ready? I'm starving.”
“Oh,” he said, turning to her with a smile. She was surprised to see that the smile did not reach his eyes, which seemed dark and, somehow, disappointed. “Sure. Hop in.”
She climbed into the cab, the rich scent of cologne enveloping her as Jude entered the driver’s side. He shifted into drive, casting one last look toward the castle before pulling away. She watched him carefully, noticing the longing that lingered in his gaze as they departed. He turned his head, looking at her from the corner of his eye and gave a small smile.
“You look tired,” he said gently. Sophie shrugged, her eyes flitting to his and back out the window.
“Busy day at the dock?” she asked. His laugh filled the cab, making her smile in response.
“Not unless you consider sorting papers to be busy,” he chuckled. After a moment of silence, he turned to her once more. “Everything alright?”
“Mmhmm,” Sophie answered, feeling self-conscious at his concern. She wanted nothing more than to take the focus from herself, but could find nothing to say.
“Mmhmm,” he repeated, a smile playing on the corner of his mouth. “Anything you'd like to discuss?”
His questions were making her nervous, replacing the butterflies in her stomach with anxiety. The engine hummed, and the trees began to thin as they approached the town.
“No,” she answered. “I mean, I'd like to talk, but not about me if that's okay.”
“Am I making you uncomfortable?” he asked, and Sophie expected him to laugh. He glanced at her when she did not answer. “Sophie?”
“Sorry,” she said. “I'm just a little nervous.”
“Nervous?” The laugh she had been expecting erupted then. “You're serious? What could possibly be making you nervous?”
She felt the heat of a flush rising in her cheeks and was thankful for the darkening sky, hoping the growing shadows were enough to hide her embarrassment.
“I-I'm not very good at this,” she stammered, keeping her eyes locked on the passing fields outside her window. “Dating, I mean. Not that we're dating, or anything. But I haven't really-” she broke off, feeling ridiculous.
Jude did not respond, his gaze was soft as he watched the road in front of them. Sophie's breath was short, her nerves were frayed, and she was second guessing her haste to see him again. The remainder of the drive was spent in silence as Jude pulled into a large parking lot beside what resembled a miniature stone castle, complete with turrets and moat.
He climbed from the driver's side with his head bowed and walked around the front of the truck. Sophie pushed open her door, afraid to see his face. The force of his pull on her half open door made her stumble forward. His hands gripped her firmly around the waist as she tried to regain balance, and the touch melted the anxiety away. Her breath came in uneven bursts as she stood still, looking up into his face.
The warmth in his eyes made her heart throb, and his hands brushed over her waist as his gaze drifted from her eyes to her lips. His mouth twitched into a brief smile as he returned his gaze to her eyes and leaned in closer. The scent of his cologne and the warmth of his breath washed over her, making her tilt her head reflexively, reveling in the intoxicating scent. His hand moved to her face, brushing the hair from her cheek, tucking it behind her ear, and resting against the base of her neck.
“Sophie,” he whispered, pulling her closer.
She allowed him to pull her until she was pressed against his body, every one of her nerves alive with the sensation of his muscular chest, arms, and legs touching her. She held her breath as his lips brushed over her cheek, his hand tangled in her hair.
When he moved to press his mouth against hers, she saw an elderly couple standing a few cars down, staring at them and whispering to each other. The shock on their faces was jarring, as though she were committing a terrible crime. Pushing her hands against Jude's chest, she leaned back and looked into his eyes. A flash of confusion filled their depths until she motioned with her eyes to the couple. He glanced over his shoulder, catching sight of them and moaned quietly.
“Perhaps we should go inside,” he said, turning back to Sophie with a smile. The warmth had not left his eyes and he gripped her hand before heading toward the entrance.
They passed over a wide bridge, under which ran a small creek made of stones and gravel, and through a pair of double wooden doors. The building was decorated in such a ridiculous mockery of a medieval castle that she could not help but giggle. She covered her mouth with her hand to stifle the sound, but could not pull her eyes from the massive painted tapestry hanging on the wall in front of her. What it lacked in beauty, she decided, it made up for with abundant color. Jude smiled down at her.
“It's wretched, isn't it?” he said. “I don't know why they've built it here. I suppose someone thought it would attract tourists. Unfortunately, this town is not known for its tourism, but the food is delicious.”
As they waited for the hostess, Sophie sat in a velvet upholstered throne, swallowing laughter and rubbing the silken fabric on the armrests. Jude stood next to her, leaning against a carved stone lion that stood on its hind legs in what Sophie guessed was a gesture of ferocious authority.
A woman approached to show them to their table – regarding Sophie with such distaste that Jude growled his displeasure – and led them through several mock-up archways perched down the center of a large room until they emerged in a quaint dining room with candles lining the walls at eye-level and an unused harp gleaming in the far corner. Jude nodded his thanks when she handed him a menu, but shook his head with a sigh when she was out of sight.
“I hope you aren't offended,” he said, taking Sophie's hand across the table. “It's not personal.”
“No, I know,” Sophie smiled. “I know there are all sorts of rumors about the castle. I'm sure that some people just don't understand. Although, I suppose I might be starting to agree with them.”
She laughed but Jude's eyes widened and he leaned forward, something flashing in his eyes that she was sure she mistook for excitement.
“Has something happened?” he asked quietly. “In the castle? Have you seen something?”
“What? No. I mean, I have, sort of, but-” she bit her tongue, overly aware of his eyes on her face.
“I’m sorry,” he leaned back in his chair and ran his free hand through his hair. “I thought something might have happened to you. There are things in that castle that would frighten hardened men let alone a beautiful woman like you.”
The compliment was lost on Sophie as she pondered his words. She thought of her encounter in the kitchen, and that afternoon, but there was no way he could know about that.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Sophie,” he answered, tracing the arch of his eyebrow with his finger, “I've told you everything I know. Though I have not been inside the castle, I am aware that there are,” he paused, “strange occurrences. I've lived here long enough to notice the turnaround rate of the staff, and to hear their stories. Why do you think everyone keeps their distance?”
“Oh,” she replied, relaxing her shoulders and taking a deep breath. “Yeah, there are some weird things. Why on earth my sister thought it fit for a destination wedding, I will never understand.”
She had meant the statement as a joke, but Jude's eyes lit up and he smiled in interest.
“You said she will be married on Saturday,” he said, tilting his head to the side. Sophie watched as his blond hair gleamed in the candlelight and marveled at its smoothness, fighting the urge to reach out and stroke it.
“Yes, Saturday,” she said, and then remembered her conversation with Brian that afternoon. “At least, I hope she will be.”
She went on to tell him about the confrontation with her sister and the following conversation with Brian. He furrowed his eyebrows and nodded in sympathy, taking her side in each situation.
“Of course you were upset,” he said, squeezing her hand as their meals were placed in front of them. “None of this is your fault, Sophie, you must understand that.”
“I do, I guess,” Sophie replied, thankful for his sympathy. “It's not that I don't want her to be happy, because I do. I just hope she's getting married for the right reasons, you know?”
“Of course.”
“And the rehearsal dinner is tomorrow night,” she groaned. “I don't know what I'm going to do. I've gotten myself into quite the mess.”
“Sophie,” Jude said, and Sophie noticed then how much she enjoyed it when he said her name, “if you need me, for anything, I'm here. Anything.”
His blue eyes bore into hers as he spoke and she felt the giddy nervousness return, her mouth breaking into a smile despite the tone of their conversation. They ate in silence. Sophie avoided his gaze throughout most of the meal, though he watched her intently. Her nerves had returned with the food’s arrival, and she was having trouble steadying them. The wheels were turning in her mind and she gazed at Jude as he pushed his empty plate away and took a sip of water. A thought struck her and she was instantly caught between two opposite desires. The first was to spend as much time with the man in front of her as possible, and the second was to avoid any unnecessary chiding from her family. His warm grip on her hand swayed her toward the former, and she sucked in a breath.
“If,” she started to say before her courage failed her. Jude leaned back in his seat, pulling his hand from hers and smiling contentedly.
“If?”
“Nothing, nevermind.”
“Sophie,” he warned. “Spit it out.”
“No, it's just,” she said, “I was just- and don't feel obligated or anything- but I wanted to know if, well, I'm alone for my sister's wedding, and I was wondering-”
“Am I receiving an invitation?” he smiled, his eyes dancing.
Sophie lowered her eyes, the burning in her cheeks disrupting her thoughts.
“Only if you want to,” she mumbled.
She felt his fingers brush her reddened cheek and looked up to see him gazing at her with such intensity that the burning flush she thought had reached its peak doubled in strength.
“I want to,” he replied, stroking her face gently before taking her hand once more.

When he pulled onto the gravel driveway two hours later, Jude let out a sigh and slowed the truck to a crawl. The tires crunched beneath them, echoing through the still night air. The moonless sky was painted a striking black. Sophie could see only the outlines of lit windows in the distance. His arm draped over the back of the seat and he tapped his hand along with the low music on the radio.
Pulling to a stop at the base of the front steps, he killed the engine and turned to her with a smile. She smiled in response, grateful again for the darkness that surrounded her.
“Thank you,” she said when he did not speak.
He nodded once, his eyebrows rising.
“Thank you,” he said, pulling his hand from the back of the seat and brushing his fingers along the length of her arm. She closed her eyes at his touch, her skin tingling along the lines he made. “I am happy to have company I enjoy.”
“Do you ever want to move back?” she asked. “To England, I mean.”
He sighed, his gaze shifting from her face to the outside wall of the castle behind her.
“Had it been my decision, I would have never left,” he said quietly, his voice full of regret. His face brightened after a moment and he brought his eyes back to meet hers. “But then, I would have missed this.”
With a squeeze of her fingers, he leaned to the side and she held her breath as he pressed his lips softly against hers, barely making contact, but touching enough to send sparks flying through her body. He pulled away after a moment, a tiny smile on his lips and warmth in his eyes so deep that Sophie felt she might drown.
Pulling away and leaning against the headrest, Jude watched her as she turned to leave. She pushed the door open and stepped carefully from the truck, giving him a small wave as she let the door slam shut.
He gave her a smile as the engine roared to life, and then pulled away, leaving her standing at the base of the steps with a wistful look in her eyes. Before she had a chance to climb the stairs, the front door was pulled open, the light from inside bathing her in a yellow glow.
“Sophie May Iris,” Aunt Marilyn exclaimed from behind her. “How dare you?”
Sophie turned, all sense of excitement draining from her body when she saw the look of fury on her aunt's face. Her first thought was of Katie and Brian and she climbed the first few steps with heavy regret landing on her like a lead blanket. Aunt Marilyn waited on the landing, her hands on her hips and her foot tapping on the smooth stones.
When Sophie reached the second highest step, her aunt threw her hands up in exasperation and began a tirade of reprimands.
“Are you out of your mind,” she said. “What could you possibly have been thinking? I am so beyond upset right now, I swear to you, I am not responsible for anything I do in this state. What have you got to say for yourself?”
“Auntie,” Sophie raised her hands in surrender. “I didn't mean to do anything. I don't know what happened.”
“What are you saying, girl?” Aunt Marilyn replied, her eyes narrowing. “How could have not meant to leave tonight without a word? You're trying to tell me it was an accident? I hope you aren't expecting me to buy that, because you are sorely mistaken, my dear.”
“I… what?” Sophie stammered, confused. “I'm not sure-”
“How do you think it felt, not knowing where you were? Did you consider my feelings in the slightest before taking off for hours? Talk about inconsiderate, Sophie.”
With those words, Sophie breathed a sigh of relief.
“I'm sorry,” she said, seizing her aunt's waving hands, “really. I didn't think.”
“You're darn right you didn't think,” Aunt Marilyn's voice softened. “How could you put me through that? It's not the first time I've missed you while we've been here, but never so late.”
Sophie thought back to her few visits to the woods. She had been so sure that no one noticed her absence while she was away that her aunt's words gave her a small shock. She pulled her into a tight embrace and apologized in earnest.
“I don't know why I didn't say anything,” she said. “That was stupid. I'm sorry you were so worried.”
“Well,” Aunt Marilyn pulled away and looked at Sophie with a knowing smile, “now that that is taken care of, I'd like to know where you were and, most particularly, who you were with.”
Sophie hesitated and Aunt Marilyn stomped her foot in frustration.
“Come on now, Sophie, you owe me at least that much.”
“Alright,” Sophie conceded, “I'll tell you, but you have to promise you won't make a big deal out of it because it's nothing.”
She waited for her aunt to agree before taking a deep breath and considering her words carefully.
“You remember the man we met at the dock?”
“Jude.”
Sophie smiled at her aunt's instant reply.
“Yes.”
“I knew it,” Aunt Marilyn clapped her hands. “How exciting! A whimsical, foreign affair.”
Rolling her eyes, Sophie walked past her aunt and entered the castle. Most of the lights had been turned low, and the effect was eerie as she travelled the halls to her room. Aunt Marilyn kept close on her heels, muttering to herself in excitement. When she made to walk past her aunt's door, heading for her own room, Aunt Marilyn grabbed hold of her arm and spun her around.
“Will you invite him to the wedding?” she asked, holding one hand to her chest. “He would look so handsome in a suit. You should invite him.”
“I'll think about it,” Sophie replied, trying to keep the excitement from her own voice for fear of igniting her aunt's curiosity further. “Can I go to bed now?”
“Yes, yes, of course,” Aunt Marilyn waved her hand. “Have a good night. To think, my Sophie is having a vacation romance. How thrilling!”
“Good grief,” Sophie whispered, turning away. Her aunt's reaction reminded her why she had wanted to keep her meeting with Jude a secret in the first place. Forgetting to inform anyone of her whereabouts, though, had been a genuine slip-up.
With the memory of Jude's lips brushing against her own, Sophie went through her usual bedtime routine in a daze, humming and smiling absently and climbing into bed with a sense of happiness she had been missing for some time. Her eyes closed upon the awareness of a new hope brightening in her heart and the unfamiliar sensation of looking forward to another day.
Chapter 11

“There's nothing more to say,” Carol chided, looking upon a group of castle staff gathered before her with aversion. “This is simply unacceptable. My daughter is getting married tomorrow, and you want me to just sit back and watch you all screw it up? I paid good money to rent out your little joke of a castle, and I always get my money's worth.” She folded her thin arms over her chest and smiled. “I suggest you get back in there and do it properly, or I may need to contact a higher authority.”
Sophie watched with wide eyes as the six staff members collided into one another in an effort to escape her mother's loathing gaze, scuttling away like whipped dogs in a kennel. Her mother turned to her with a tight smile.
“That ought to do the trick,” she said. “Come with me, I'd like to settle this once and for all. Marilyn,” she called over her shoulder, “will you round up Bill and Tabitha? They haven't contributed to the alcohol fund.”
Sophie followed her mother out of the room and down a short stairway, keeping silent as they waited outside Katie's door.
“Come in,” Katie called from inside. As Carol pushed the door open, Katie squealed. “Wait! Brian isn't with you is he?”
“Of course not,” Carol laughed. “Not everyone in this castle is completely incompetent, honey.”
Katie was standing in the far corner in front of a tall mirror. Sophie stood on her toes to peek over her mother's shoulder. The wedding dress her sister had on was like nothing she had ever seen before, covered with thin lace and exposing entire sections of her waist and back. Sophie couldn’t decide if it looked amazing or shocking.
“Here, I wiped it down,” Holly came bounding into the room from the bathroom, almost colliding with Carol as she gushed over her daughter's gown. “Oops! Sorry. Doesn't she look stunning?”
“Absolutely,” Carol nodded. “Was there ever any doubt? Sophie, what do you think?”
“You look beautiful, Kate,” Sophie said quietly, and Katie's eyes flicked up in the mirror to meet her sister's reflection.
“Thanks,” she replied, her voice stiff.
“Come on now, honey,” Carol cooed, stroking Katie's long blond hair. “Don't be like that. Sophie came to apologize,” she looked toward Sophie with narrowed eyes, “didn't you?”
Sophie stood silently for a moment, her eyes wide with disbelief, before shaking her head slightly.
“No,” she said. “I didn't. I am sorry that we fought, Katie, but you had no right to hit me. You also had no right to accuse me of anything before even asking me about it.”
“Whatever, Sophie,” Katie replied. “I don't care anymore. Just forget it. There are much more important things for me to be thinking about than you, and I don't want to be bothered with stupid drama.”
“That's the spirit,” Carol said. “Let it all go. This is about you, after all, and you deserve everything you’re about to get.”
The two women squealed and embraced, with Holly standing to the side and squealing along with them. Sophie waited for any kind of instructions but when no move was made to acknowledge her presence further, excused herself quietly and left the room.
Hastening through the halls, she smiled to each guest she passed, all the while thinking forward to her goal for that day. When she pulled open the French doors and stepped onto the patio, a flurry of voices met her ears and she saw a group of people huddled around one of the wide flowerbeds, their backs turned toward her. She crept around the group, hoping to avoid detection.
“Oh dear, it seems as though they've got an infestation,” an older gentleman was saying. Sophie recognized him as a colleague of her father's, but could not recall his name.
“An infestation,” a lady repeated, leaning toward a younger woman, who nodded sagely.
Sophie vanished into the cover of trees before any of the group had noticed her presence, breathing a sigh of relief when she had gone far enough to be rid of their voices.
Before long, she was deeply surrounded by trees and brush, feeling more confidence in her internal compass than she had before. Twigs and branches snapped under her feet as she plodded through the maze of trees, but her heart was light with thoughts of Jude. After several minutes of hiking, she found a narrow trail and moved gratefully onto it, stepping lightly as she wound her way deeper into the trees. Before she had a chance to wonder about her position, a voice from behind made her jump and spin, her hands flying to her chest in surprise.
“Looking for something?”
Lukas leaned against a thick trunk, his arms folded across his chest and a cold look on his face. A thin stick, pointed like a spear, dangled from his left hand and his cheek was smudge with dirt.
“Yes,” Sophie breathed, steadying her nerves. “What else would I be doing here?”
He shrugged, pushing away from the tree and moving toward her.
“You tell me,” he said.
He approached her slowly, every movement accented. His piercing gaze made her uncomfortable, as though he were penetrating her mind and pulling out every memory she possessed.
“I spoke to Fantir,” she said, ripping her eyes away from his glare, “yesterday.”
“Did I not warn you to stay away?” his voice was angry, his posture tense. “Do you value your life at all?”
“Yes, I do,” she replied, defiant. “But you were wrong about him.”
Lukas laughed darkly, his eyes full of malice.
“Was I?” he spat. “What did he say to convince you of that? A touching story, I presume. And you were foolish enough to believe it?”
“Why didn't you tell me about Annka?” she asked. The pain that crossed his face gave her short-lived satisfaction, but he did not answer. “He told me,” she went on. “He told me about everything. He knows Ziva is back, but she hasn't got the power over him that she once had.”
“You speak of these things as though you understand,” he hissed, leaning toward her. She could smell the deep musk of his sweat and freshly turned earth. “You know nothing of what occurred then, or of what power she may still hold. I suggest you run back to your pretty little family and keep your nose out of this.”
“And then what,” Sophie growled, surprised by her own intensity. “From what I understand, you've got no other option. Fantir thinks I can help you.”
“Does he? Did he explain his reasons? Unlike your new friend, I am trying to protect you from things you do not comprehend. He thinks only of his own benefit.”
“How do you know what he thinks?” she shouted in anger. “You haven't spoken to him in a hundred and fifty years!”
Had it not been for her experiences up to then, the words might have sounded ridiculous to her.
Lukas smiled, but it was not a smile that would send her heart into hysterics, as Jude's did. Instead, it made her feel furious, out of control.
“For your own sake,” he said, his voice deadly calm, “I would not assume his innocence until he proves himself worthy. This is of less importance, however, as I am concerned more about the man you have entangled yourself with. Who was it that brought you home last night?”
“How is that any of your business?” she retorted, though a small part of her warmed at his concern. “As far as I can tell, my life is not your biggest worry.”
“It is my concern if you are putting individuals I care about at risk,” he retorted. “Do not feel obligated to put yourself in that category.”
The insult cut her deep, making her skin burn beneath the surface. She fought the urge to turn away, as she had done the previous morning, though his spiteful glare made her heart race. A smile crossed his face as he watched her stand silently before him. The sight of it did nothing but deepen her fury, and she stepped toward him with her fists clenched.
“The only reason I am anywhere near you right now is to help Rausch,” she growled, her teeth clenched. “You think I enjoy wasting my time with someone as arrogant as you?”
“It seems you do,” he smiled, seemingly unfazed by her words. “Why else would you have spent the majority of last night with a man you hardly know?”
“How dare you?” she squealed, anger taking over and making her lose control. “I came here out of consideration for you. There are a hundred things I would rather be doing than standing in a rank forest arguing with someone like you. If you want to carry on with your tirade of insults, be my guest, but don't expect me to stick around.”
“I don't,” he replied. “I have not once asked you to.”
With that, Sophie turned away, angry tears burning in her eyes. She trampled through the brush and branches, her vision blurred and tinged with red. When she had gone far enough, her knees gave out and she sank to the ground, frustrated sobs tearing at her chest. Hot tears ran down her cheeks and she scrubbed them away angrily with the back of her hands.
Not only did his harsh words pierce her, but the power he had over her emotions made her feel weak and threatened. The rage he brought out, though followed by temporary relief, frightened her. After a few minutes, and when her sobs had quelled to small hiccoughs, a pair of feet appeared before her and she jumped back, her palms scraping against the rough ground.
“Calm down,” Lukas's voice hissed from above her. “I won't hurt you.”
“I know that,” she mumbled, wiping at her face with her now bloodied hands and brushing the debris from her legs as she stood. “What do you want?”
“You are going the wrong way,” he replied. His eyes were cast away from her face, carefully remaining just to the left of where she was standing.
“So?”
“We've been through this,” he sighed.
“Give me a break, Lukas,” she sighed, her voice muted and dull. His eyes flashed to her face when she spoke, but they were not cold or hard, as before. “Just leave me alone. Please.”
He gazed at her without a word before shaking his head and stepping closer.
“No,” he said quietly. “There are matters to discuss and I would rather you didn't wander the forest alone.”
“Since when?” she replied. “You were pretty clear before,” she made quotations in the air as she repeated his earlier words, “don't feel obligated to put yourself in that category.”
“I was angry,” he sighed.
“Big surprise.”
He held up his hands in defeat, his black hair flipping through the air as he shook his head fiercely.
“What would you like me to say?” he growled.
Sophie crossed her arms over her chest and raised an eyebrow. The fierce anger that had overwhelmed her only moments ago was gone, and she felt exhaustion replace it. Lukas paced the forest floor in silence for a moment, before turning to her and taking a deep breath.
“You must be careful with whom you associate,” he began slowly, holding up his hands when Sophie opened her mouth to interrupt. “Listen. I may have been confined to these woods for many years, but I still hear of the rumors that pass through the town. He is not what you think.”
“No?” she replied, the sarcasm dripping from her voice. “What then? Let's see,” she held up her hand, counting on each of her fingers as she spoke, “I've got three immortal and invisible people, well, invisible to most people anyway, and I've got a psycho witch ghost who apparently cast the spell on the immortal and invisible people when they had her burned at the stake. Have I got that right? Wait, let me guess. He's a vampire, isn't he? That's popular now, right? Though it doesn't really fit with the rest of the impossible things I've encountered in the past six days.”
“Do not be foolish,” Lukas sighed. “Until this point, you have maintained a level head. Do not lose it now.”
She did not respond, so he continued.
“I have heard rumors that there are untrustworthy staff members in the castle,” he said. “And I am inclined to believe that your friend is part, even perhaps head, of that group.”
“What do you mean, untrustworthy?”
“I mean, they are there for reasons other than the obvious.”
“Like spies?” she tried to take his words seriously, but her emotions were frayed and weak.
“Not entirely,” he ran a hand through his hair. “More like accomplices. I believe they want her. They are hunting spirits.”
“What does that mean?” her heart was sinking as he spoke, though her mind fought against his words. “There are people that do that?”
“As far as I know, yes,” Lukas looked at her with a mixture of arrogance and pity. “Though, I have not heard much about their practices. Apparently, there are certain groups that wish to purge the world of evil. Some would call it a blessing, but I believe it to be otherwise. Your new friend seems to be a part of a newer generation of hunters, a religious group, believing themselves equipped with a higher power as a weapon to destroy those souls that might linger in our world.”
“That,” Sophie whispered, “doesn't make sense. Even if that were true, why are you concerned? Don't you want her gone?”
“More than you can fathom,” he answered, his voice rich with sadness. “But if they take her in the way I believe they will try, no hope will be left for us. Not for myself, or for Rausch. Even,” his eyes narrowed, “for Fantir.”
“You need her?”
“She cast the curse, it is only reasonable to assume she has the knowledge to reverse it. Even in her present form.”
“But,” Sophie shook her head, “if she reverses it, won't you-”
“Die?” Lukas cut her off. His smile was wistful as he watched her face. “Presumably.”
Sophie watched him carefully, unable to understand the reason behind his peaceful expression. He looked back at her, his eyes tracing the lines of her face. This time, his gaze did not make her uncomfortable.
“I thought,” she spoke quietly, “you needed my help. I thought, because I could see you, that I was important in some way.”
Her insecurities felt even more ridiculous when she spoke them out loud, but Lukas did not laugh, as she had expected. Instead, he sighed. His eyes were soft as he spoke.
“You are. If we had been able to break this curse on our own, do you truly believe we would have waited so many years? Never have I experienced what I have in these past days with you. To speak and be heard, to stand and be seen, those are things I thought had been lost to me forever.”
“What about the woman in your house?”
Lukas's body twitched away from her, his eyes wide with shock. Sophie stepped back, startled by his reaction and fearful that his rage would return. They stood in silence. A thrumming of insects in a nearby bush stirred the air around them.
When he opened his mouth to speak, his voice was hoarse.
“How do you-”
“I'm sorry,” Sophie cut him off and raised her hands. “I didn't mean anything. Please, I won't say a word.”
He shook his head and opened his mouth to speak again, but closed it a second later and looked at her with confusion filling his dark eyes.
“Really,” she went on. “I won't tell them anything else.”
“Them?” he demanded. “Who?”
“Fantir and Rausch,” Sophie hung her head, sure of the crashing anger that would fall upon her at any moment. “I brought it up by accident. But, Lukas, I didn't mean anything by it.”
He waved his hands through the air, shaking his head.
“None of that matters,” he said, looking at her again. When he saw the fear in her eyes, he smiled. “I'm not angry,” he said gently, “only surprised. You saw her?”
“No,” Sophie admitted, relief flooding through her. “I heard her speaking, when I was leaving the other day. You had shut the door and I didn't know where to go, so I stood there. And then she started talking.”
His eyes closed and his smile widened.
“What must you have thought?” he murmured.
“I thought it was strange,” she answered, “but I heard you speak after, knowing she couldn't hear you. Fantir seems to think you're taking a risk somehow, by revealing yourself to her.”
“It was a risk,” Lukas nodded, “in the beginning. She was frightened, but eventually understood. Not many have that capacity.”
Sophie’s thoughts returned to the memory of Annka’s fate, to the pain she had suffered so many years ago, and she braced herself against the onslaught of pity. She looked at Lukas, wondering if the woman in the cottage had replaced his former love. He watched her as she struggled to ask him without sounding foolish.
“Who is she?” The question sounded innocent enough, but he frowned at the implication.
“She is merely a tool to me,” he whispered. “Leave your romantic nonsense behind you. A more urgent matter is at hand, you might remember. Your sudden,” he paused for a moment, closing his eyes, “relationship, has created a potential problem for us. You must discover his intentions, before he finds the means to enter the castle.”
With a wave of nauseous anxiety, Sophie remembered her invitation the night before. She did not tell Lukas, afraid of his reaction.
“How am I supposed to do that?” she asked instead. “I can't come right out and ask, can I?”
“No,” he shook his head, “I do not believe that would be the wisest route. He would lie, I am sure, and it would put him on guard. Watch for signs. He will want access to the castle without seeming suspicious; perhaps he is using you for that.”
“He is not using me,” she retorted, heat rising in her cheeks.
“Regardless,” Lukas looked at her in earnest, “you must be alert. Your instincts should have sent you warnings when he took you to the church.”
“Are you spying on me?” she asked with mounting edginess. “You've been watching us? And how do you know all of this, anyway? Where do you get all this information?”
He rolled his eyes again, his frustration obvious.
“Get a grip on yourself,” he said. “Simply because I cannot be heard does not mean I cannot hear.”
“Eavesdropping. How tactful of you.”
“Perhaps this is amusing to you?” Annoyance saturated his voice, and she immediately regretted her words. “Let me assure you, I am not inclined to laugh. Too many years have I been imprisoned and now that my single ray of hope is a tourist,” he spat the word, “with no conscious desire to be of any use to anyone, I am not particularly cheerful.”
The pout on Sophie's face did nothing to dissuade his opinion, but she refused to take part in his senseless anger. His words lacked the intensity she was used to, and she knew he spoke them only out of shallow frustration. She stood motionless before him and watched him carefully.
“Alright,” she said finally. “I'll pay attention. But don't think that your insults have anything to do with that. There is no reason for you to be so mean.”
With that, she turned away, waiting for him to lead her toward the castle. He passed her in silence, and she followed, silently grateful that he kept his pace slow. She did not want to stumble her way through the brush a third time. When they approached the courtyard, he slowed further so that she was walking directly beside him. She looked up into his face and saw him gazing toward the patio, where Katie and a few of her guests were sitting.
“Your sister?” he asked, motioning toward Katie sitting in the center of the group, her hair shining brilliantly in the sunlight and her smile flashing, showing bright white teeth even over the distance.
“That's her,” Sophie muttered, waiting for his reaction to her beauty.
“She does not resemble you at all,” he said quietly, and she grimaced.
“Yeah, I know. Oh well, we can't all be beauty queens.”
He looked down at her, his eyebrows furrowed and his lips parted. She did not meet his gaze, but nodded her head and thanked him before striding forward.
“Wait,” he called. She stopped just before the boundary of trees, but did not speak. “Tell Fantir that I understand.”
Sophie turned in shock, but he had already disappeared into the shadows.

The day passed quickly, with Aunt Marilyn fluttering between nervous hysteria and unreserved excitement. Her aunt's demeanor filtered to the newly settled guests, as everywhere she went Sophie was met with cheerful faces and breathless conversation.
Her parents retired to their room for a brief rest before the rehearsal dinner, and while Katie was spending most of her time surrounded by her girlfriends – excluding the now infamous Natalie – Brian was left to host and mingle with various family members and business associates. Sophie did not envy him that, grateful to keep her distance and maintain solitude.
Every inch of the castle seemed to be crawling with anticipation. Try as she might, Sophie was hard pressed to find a quiet space to gather her thoughts. Even her own room seemed to adopt an air of nervousness. She was resigned to walk the halls, taking precaution not to put herself in the path of unwelcome conversation. However, while she trundled over the polished stone floors, she was met by a peculiar looking man in a thick wool suit. A kind face smiled from under a shock of curly grey hair.
“You must be the other Iris,” he said warmly, taking her hand and patting it.
“I suppose I am,” she answered. “Sophie. Nice to meet you.”
“Ah, Sophie,” he nodded. “Yes, of course. My name is Wilton Avery. I am an old acquaintance of the groom. Exceptionally old, I regret.”
He guffawed loudly and slapped his knee. Sophie raised her eyebrows with a smile.
“A pleasure nonetheless, my dear,” he continued. “Say, how's about accompanying an old man on a walk? Pretty girl like you would kick my old ego up a notch or two.”
“Of course,” she replied with a polite laugh. He stuck out an arm which she wrapped around her own, the thick grey wool making her skin itch, and they began to stroll casually through the hall.
“You said you know Brian?” she asked.
“Thoroughly,” he replied, and Sophie wondered at his answer. He laughed at her bewildered expression and patted her hand. “I delivered him. His mother was very young when he was born and I was fortunate enough to be on call that evening. Came into the world with a vengeance, that boy did, and he's still at it. Causing a ruckus everywhere he goes.”
Sophie laughed.
“And you've remained close all these years?”
“Yes, indeed,” Wilton nodded with a smile. “I have known the Hunters for many years. Brian has helped me through many an old man's trials. Replaced a hip some years back, almost free of charge.”
He winked at her.
“It sounds like you are very close,” Sophie smiled in response. “He must be very happy you've come all this way.”
“Well, now,” he paused. “I would hope that's true. Haven't had much of a chance to discuss it, to be frank. He's a busy man, even the day before his own wedding.”
“It has been slightly chaotic.”
Wilton let out another boyish laugh.
“You are diplomatic, Sophie,” he chortled. “I do believe when one finds a woman wandering the halls alone in times such as these, one must assume she has chosen avoidance as a tool for survival.”
With a shrug, Sophie shot him a coy look and he laughed again. They walked on in comfortable silence, until a voice called out from behind them.
“Avery, you old dog, you've got your hooks in my sister-in-law already?”
“There he is,” Wilton chided, “the man of the hour.”
Brian sidled up to them, giving Sophie a quick smile before taking the old man up in a warm embrace.
“Jesus, Wilt,” Brian stepped back. “How old is that suit? You smell like an old shoe closet.”
“Not the suit, my boy,” Wilton straightened his jacket. “What you smell is the musk of old age. You'll come to be familiar with it soon enough.”
“Nice.” Brian turned to Sophie. “You alright?” he asked quietly. “I'm sorry about the other day. Everything is fine, and I wanted to make sure you enjoy yourself tonight. No worries, you hear me?”
“Sure,” she nodded. “I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have-”
He held up his hands to silence her. “No worries.”
With a quick nod, Sophie shot him a smile and turned to Wilton.
“I see you've got your hands full now,” she said, “and I should find out if anyone needs me. It was nice meeting you.”
“And you, my dear, and you. Keep your chin up, and don't forget to save a dance for an old fellow.”
She grinned and turned away, hastening through the halls in search of her sister. Despite their earlier quarrel, Brian's words solidified her decision to set things straight.
“No worries,” she repeated to herself, turning the corner and bumping right into her aunt and mother, who were arguing quietly in the doorway of the dining room.
“Goodness, Sophie, you about gave me a heart attack,” Aunt Marilyn spluttered.
Carol put her hands on her hips and gave her daughter a stern look.
“Where are you running off to? We need some help, in case you've forgotten.”
“I was just looking for Katie, actually. To see if there was anything you need me to do,” Sophie responded, smiling despite the frigidity of her mother's tone.
“She's busy,” Carol responded. “You can go into the kitchen and make sure the appetizers are ready to be distributed.”
Sophie nodded and turned to leave, but her mother seized her arm and pulled her back.
“Forget it, I'll do it myself. Apparently I have to do everything myself, otherwise all hell breaks loose.”
With that, she stormed off, her heels clicking with obnoxious volume against the stone tiles. Aunt Marilyn turned to Sophie with a sympathetic smile.
“She has a lot on her mind,” she said, patting Sophie's arm. “How are you feeling? Have you spoken to Jude today? Don't forget to invite him to the wedding. What a shame it would be to waste such a wonderful opportunity.”
“I haven't heard from him,” she shrugged, keeping her voice even. Even his name evoked flutters in her stomach, but she fought against them, remembering Lukas's words. “Are you busy? There's something I wanted to talk to you about.”
“Oh, shoot,” Aunt Marilyn looked over her shoulder. “I'm expected in the dining room to arrange last minute seating changes. Can I take a rain-check? After dinner, maybe?”
“Sure, yeah,” Sophie nodded. “Go. Do your thing. Is there anything for me to do?”
“Wake up your dad,” Aunt Marilyn called as she walked away, “he needs to get moving.”
A few minutes later, Sophie knocked on her father’s bedroom door. She heard her dad call out from inside, his voice muffled as though he were under a thick blanket. She pushed the door open, peeking through the crack. Tim was seated on the edge of the bed, shirtless and tanned, with his head in his hands. He did not stir when she knocked again, lightly, and she stepped into the room with slight hesitation.
“Dad?” she asked quietly.
At the sound of her voice, he jumped, looking at her with widened eyes.
“Oh, Sophie,” he said, taking a deep breath. “I thought it was that damn housekeeper again. That woman takes her work seriously. I haven't gotten a lick of sleep in two hours, she keeps banging that door asking if I need a 'tidy up'.”
“Hm,” Sophie replied, unsure of how to respond. He gave her a weak smile and ran his hands through his tangled hair.
“Let me guess,” he said. “Marilyn sent you?”
“Yes,” she nodded. “She says you need to get up.”
He did not respond, but sighed again and lowered his head into his hands.
“You okay, Dad?” she asked, moving to sit beside him. “I haven't seen much of you lately. Mom's been keeping you busy, I guess.”
“I'm okay, kiddo,” he replied, pulling a hand away from his head and patting her leg. “Your mother has indeed been keeping me busy. She's making me crazy, I tell you, not sure how much longer I can stand it. But then, it's all for Katie.”
“Soon it’ll all be over and she'll be whisked away to wherever for her honeymoon,” Sophie said, hoping to raise his spirits, but he shook his head.
“I can't believe it,” he muttered. “It seems like yesterday we were taking her to her first day of school, and now she's getting married.”
“I know.”
Silence surrounded them, broken only by Tim's heavy breathing, and Sophie wondered how long he planned to sit here dwelling on the inevitable. She understood, to some extent. She had heard stories about fathers falling to pieces on their daughters' wedding day. It was to be expected that her own father would be emotional, given that his own precious daughter was about to become a wife.
Even still, Sophie had a hard time finding the words to comfort him.
“Well,” she said, rising to her feet. “I should go, you need to get dressed. I wouldn't linger, Aunt Marilyn's orders, and Mom's on a mission.”
She turned to leave, but he grabbed her by the wrist.
“Sophie,” he said, surprising her with his strained voice. “I'm sorry for the way things have turned out. It was never meant to be like this. I've been a lousy father, and I know that, but I don't know where it all went wrong. When your sister came along,” he paused, closing his eyes and breathing deeply, “everything changed. You know I love you, right? You do know that?”
His words made her flinch, being entirely uncharacteristic, and she looked around awkwardly before responding.
“Of course,” she said, giving him a small smile. His eyes were wet with tears and she felt a heavy sadness as she looked at him. “I love you, too.”
He sniffed loudly, patted her hand and stood. The familiar smell of his cologne wafted to her, immersing her in a wave of nostalgia, but she fought it away.
“The show must go on,” he said, heading for the bathroom. “See you in a bit, kiddo.”
With a small wave, Sophie left the room, closing the door and leaning against the wall. The words her father had spoken trampled through her mind in jumbled herds. She knew their relationship was strained, especially since she made the move to live with his brother, but never before had he expressed regret. There were only undertones of discomfort between them, the real issues having always been ignored. Now, though, Sophie was taken aback by his sudden sentiment and unsure of how she should react.
Not long after, when she had changed for dinner, she was just pulling the door of her room shut when the sound of the phone made her pause. She pushed open the door and ran to the bedside table, pulling up the receiver and trying to breathe evenly. She knew who it was before she spoke.
“Hello?”
“Sophie?” Jude's voice met her ear. “It's Jude.”
“Hi,” she said, feeling suddenly anxious. “How are you?”
“I've been waiting all day to speak to you,” he said. “I thought I might have been too late, and you'd already be at dinner.”
“Nope, just heading out the door.”
“I won't keep you long, just wanted to hear your voice,” he said, and she could hear the smile in his voice. “You holding up alright?”
“I think so,” she answered, feeling the jittery butterflies threatening to bombard her. “It's almost over.”
“Think positive,” he said. “I'll be there to help you through it tomorrow.”
His words reminded her of Lukas's warning.
“Oh, um,” she stammered, unsure of what to say, “tomorrow. I wanted to talk to you about that.”
“Uh oh,” his voice went quiet. “Am I being uninvited?”
“No,” she responded instantly, struck by the disappointment in his voice. “Of course not. I just wanted to,” she paused, searching for words, “to remind you to be here early, around noon. So that we can talk, you know, before.”
She heard him sigh, and mentally kicked herself for being such a coward.
“I'll be there,” he said. “Try and enjoy your night.”
“You too.”
She hung up the phone, falling onto her bed and laughing darkly. Her cowardice only solidified the doubt in her mind that she would be able to stand firm against Jude's allure and heed Lukas's warning. She knew the importance of being cautious, but her emotional reaction to him clouded her judgment. Covering her eyes with her arm, she sighed. Regardless of her doubts, tomorrow would come and with it a trial she could never have predicted.
Chapter 12

The sound of silverware scraping porcelain dishes filled the large dining hall, almost drowning out the low buzz of conversation. Two large tables were adorned with flowered centerpieces and flickering tea-lights. The wedding party and family sat around one, while the guests who were lucky enough to be residing in the castle flanked the other.
Sophie sat, crushed between Aunt Marilyn and a man whose name she thought was Phillip. He babbled on about Brian and their ongoing friendship. She had tuned him out earlier, though he seemed not to have noticed. Her sister and parents were around the opposite side, paying little attention to anyone but themselves. They were speaking animatedly together, Brian joining them, and Sophie sighed as she poked at the cold chicken on her plate with the fork prongs.
Another few minutes passed and the hum of conversation was broken by the harsh sound of a knife being thrust against the side of a wine glass. Carol stood, her face alight with pleasure, looking down at Katie and Brian.
“I would like to start the toasts,” she said. “As mother of the bride, I think it is my official duty to keep things rolling. You know how it can get at weddings.”
She paused while an awkward titter went through her small audience.
“I want to thank everyone for coming so far to be with us, I know most of you can more than afford it,” she winked and Sophie cringed. “Tomorrow is the day my daughter will walk down the aisle, saying goodbye to her adolescence and starting her new life. I simply cannot express how proud I am. To say that it will be the best day of my life would be an understatement. I have been waiting for this since Katie was a tiny baby, probably even before that.”
She paused, wiping a tear from her eye. Sophie shook her head, glancing around. Some of her neighbors were whispering to each other, while others kept their gazes locked on Carol. Emotions ranging from amusement to rapture were plastered on their faces. Some heads bobbed in agreement, while others remained tilted toward the abundant piles of food on their plates.
“Now,” Carol raised her glass, “I would like to toast my beautiful daughter. May your wedding be the most wonderful experience of your life, because you deserve the best of everything.”
“Cheers,” the word echoed through the room, followed by the soft trill of bumping glass.
Sophie tapped the rim of her glass with Aunt Marilyn's and took a sip, noticing that Wilton sat at the next table, facing her. He caught her eye as she looked at him, raising his glass in the air with a nod and a wink. She smiled in response, turning her attention back to her parents as her father stood, his posture suggesting he may have had too much wine.
“Kate,” he slurred, pointing the mouth of his glass at his daughter, the wine inside sloshing dangerously near its edge. She let out a shrill giggle and leaned away, pressing her back into Brian's chest. “I'm so proud of you, honey. You've got a great man, there. A great man. I hope you two have a long, happy life together. Don't make the same mistakes I did,” he swayed, blinking furiously.
“Oh, Dad,” Katie gave him a half-smile.
“No, I mean it,” the volume of his voice increased as he spoke. “Be careful. Life goes by so fast, you need to cherish every moment. Don't let the little things pile up, or you'll regret it. Enjoy each other, but don't forget about your family,” he paused, and Sophie watched as his eyes shifted to her. He shook his head slowly, a deep sigh heaving through his chest and shoulders. “You will regret it.”
Carol slapped his arm then, rolling her eyes at the guests.
“Wine does this to him,” she laughed, her own voice slurred, and tugged so fiercely on his sleeve that he toppled backwards into the chair, wine sloshing down his front.
He did not protest, but dabbed at his shirt and eyes with his napkin, his gaze locked on the table. Carol whispered something into his ear, her blond hair trembling with the force of her harsh breath. She then turned back to the silent guests and raised her glass once more, motioning to the bridesmaids with a wave of her free hand. The girls stood with wide smiles and, in turns, began to reminisce. Sophie leaned her elbow on the table, cradling her chin in her hand, and allowed her eyes to glaze over and her thoughts to wander.
When the toasts came to an end and everyone was enjoying dessert, Sophie excused herself from the table, tossing her napkin onto her plate and waving away her aunt's concerned look.
“Need some air,” she whispered, before turning her back and heading for the exit.
In reality, a shrouded figure had emerged from the corner of the room, near the doorway, and had stood waiting for the duration of the speeches. As she neared him, well aware of several pairs of eyes on her back, Sophie made a small motion with her head to indicate to Fantir they needed to move away from the crowd. He followed as she headed for the patio across from the dining room, but pulled her to a stop before she crossed the threshold. She turned to him with furrowed brows, ready to argue.
“I cannot go there,” he reminded her quietly.
Her shoulders sagged, the frustration dissolving instantly, and she nodded once, going instead into an empty sitting room.
“Is everything alright?” she asked, raising her eyebrows at his sullen expression. He shook his head, bringing his eyes to meet hers.
“I feel that something is stirring,” he said, so quietly that she had to lean forward to hear him. “I feel it in the air, in my body. I knew her well, once,” his eyes rolled toward the ceiling and Sophie knew he spoke of Ziva, “and I can sense her presence. I can feel her anger. I recall her telling me long ago that a spirit's greatest tool is a living body, a source that might be used as an instrument to directly affect the living world. I fear her intent may be to find one for herself. To find a body to use.”
“Use,” Sophie repeated. “What does that mean? You can't be talking about some kind of,” she paused, dropping her voice into a whisper, “some kind of possession? Like in the movies?”
“Her spirit, until now, was silent and mournful. I've been aware of her existence for some time but I knew she was trapped in another plane, so I did not speak of it. Now, however, something has ignited a fire in her,” he eyed Sophie meaningfully, “and she grows stronger with the anger. I feel it in my bones, and I am afraid for you.”
“Fantir,” her voice was suddenly frantic, “you can't let this happen. She'll hurt my family, the people here. We need to stop her.”
“I can do nothing,” he said, “for I hold no power in the world of the living. If she is successful in entering a human we can only hope her power will remain with the spirits, that she may walk and speak, but the evil lurking within her will not cross. Though, the human power to murder will inevitably be hers to hold once more.”
“What would be the point then?” The question seemed comical in light of the circumstances, but Fantir did not smile.
“Freedom,” he answered. “Vengeance.”
“How do you know this, Fantir? Have you spoken with her?”
He shook his head again.
“She does not speak, but I am connected to her in ways even I do not understand,” he raised an eyebrow. “I have always had the ability to feel her but, since the day she was burned her emotions have been weak, almost undetectable. I almost began to hope her presence was fading entirely, until you arrived,” he broke off.
“Are we all in danger? Should I warn the others?”
“I do not know if that is necessary, yet,” he answered. “She feels only for him,” his eyes widened and he tilted his head toward the outside wall. Sophie nodded in understanding.
Lukas, she thought.
“His name,” he continued, “his presence, it summons her and she follows. She lurks for no other reason, I believe, but to seek vengeance for her suffering.”
“Vengeance on who?” Sophie hissed.
Fantir shrugged and sighed. After a moment of silence, his head whipped to the side and he slunk away, leaving Sophie alone in the shadows. Carol rounded the corner, her steps uneven with drink and her eyes glassy and wide.
“What the hell are you doing in here?” she demanded, pointing a French-tipped fingernail in Sophie's direction. “Who were you talking to?”
“Talking? No one. I'm just-”
“Save it,” her mother spat. “How typical of you to come up with excuses for the obvious. After all I've done for you, you can't even sit through a dinner for your own sister.”
“Mom, I-”
“Your sister,” she interrupted, laughing darkly. Sophie felt a surge of apprehension. She heard her father's voice calling from the dining room, but Carol rounded on her, pinning her against the wall with her hands. “You don't even deserve to call her that. For years I have been kicking myself for bringing you into this family. It would have been perfect. Perfect, if not for you.”
Sophie looked into her mother's fierce eyes, her own filled with confusion, and shook her head.
“I don't know what you're saying,” she whispered. “You're drunk.”
“Drunk!” Carol screeched, raising her hand. Sophie flinched at the motion, expecting to feel the sting of her mother's slap on her face, but the pain never came.
When she opened her eyes again, her mother was looking at her with hatred pooling in her blue eyes. After a moment, she sighed and turned away. Tim sauntered into the room, a half-empty glass in his hand, and froze when he saw the two women. His mouth opened and he raised a hand, stepping forward, but Carol threw her hands up.
“Don't stick your nose in,” she yelled. “It was you who got us all into this in the first place, Tim, and I've had enough of the bullshit.”
“Carol,” he said, and Sophie could see his struggle to keep his balance. “Think of what you're doing.”
“What I'm doing,” she sneered, turning back to her daughter, “is setting the record straight.”
“Mom,” Sophie began, but the fierce look she received upon speaking the word cut off her breath.
Carol leaned forward, her eyes narrowed into harsh slits and her breath reeking of red wine and garlic.
“I've tolerated the word,” she sneered, the words seeping from her lips like venom, “only because I felt guilty. Now, when my dreams are about to come true for my one and only daughter, that guilt is gone. You have never belonged to me. That much I can be proud of. As if someone like me could have ever given birth to this,” she moved her hands through the air, motioning from Sophie's feet to her head.
Tim stumbled forward, laying a hand on her shoulder.
“Honey,” he slurred, “don't listen to this. You shouldn't be hearing this.”
Sophie's heart had turned to ice upon hearing her mother's words, and her father's intoxicated touch did nothing to warm the chill. She pulled her shoulder away, keeping her eyes fixed on Carol's mocking face. When she opened her mouth to speak, no words came, and tears began to well in her eyes.
“Oh, don't be pathetic,” Carol rolled her eyes. “You abandoned us years ago. Don't pretend to give a shit now. It's a little sad, to be honest.”
“Is it true?” Sophie turned to her father, her voice hoarse with the effort of speaking. “Dad?”
The pained expression on his face and his hesitant silence answered her question and she felt as though a blade had pierced her through the stomach, sending burning acid into her veins.
“I never meant-” he began, but stopped, his shoulders sagging. The remaining wine in his glass tumbled to the floor.
“Why didn't you tell me?” she whispered, the reality of the news weighing on her like an anchor.
“Because we didn't want to hurt your feelings,” Carol chided, the sarcasm in her voice deepening Sophie's already festering emotional wounds.
Brushing the burning tears from her eyes, she turned to her mother slowly. Before she had a moment to speak, Carol sighed loudly, rolling her eyes.
“We couldn't have a baby,” she said, her voice tired, bored. “That's what they told us. It didn't matter so much to me. I had a life to think of. He,” she motioned to Tim, who was slumped against the wall with his head bowed, “was devastated. So, we decided to adopt. Little did I know what a disaster that would turn out to be.”
Sophie braced herself against the insult, focusing on the information her mother was giving her.
“But, Katie,” she said quietly.
“Katie is all mine,” Carol interrupted proudly. “Five years after we got you, I got pregnant. Infertile, my ass. And when she was born, she was perfect. I knew my life was complete. Except for one tiny problem,” her glare was hard as she looked upon Sophie. “Your father was intent upon raising you both the same, but how could I? On one hand, I had you. Ungrateful, awkward, ugly. On the other, there was this beautiful gift from heaven that I could call my own. I didn't have much choice, did I?”
“Sophie,” Tim spoke, “please. You have to understand-”
“No,” Sophie interrupted, the debilitating hurt making her head swim. “I don't understand. How could you? How could you?”
“How could you,” Carol mocked, the intoxication making her stumble. “Don't get dramatic, now. Tomorrow will be the best day of my life, and you are not going to ruin that. I have half a mind to send you away tonight. After all, this wedding is for family and friends, and you are neither to me.”
She deserves more than you were ever willing to give her.
Aunt Marilyn's overheard words floated through Sophie's confused mind, and she suppressed a sob, pushing past Carol's proud shoulders and stumbling into the hall. Wilton stood outside the dining room, an empty cocktail glass in his hand, calling out her name in concern as she flew past, heading for the nearest stairway. Her breath came in painful bursts as she ran to the main floor, looking for a way out. The moonlight cascaded through the windows, silver-white light illuminating the rooms as she passed.
Only when she heaved the French doors open and tumbled through onto the patio did she feel the hot tears streaming down her face. The cool breeze chilled them against her skin and she let out a loud sob, stumbling forward, desperate to reach the trees.
Upon breaking through the barrier of thick undergrowth, she continued to run, as best she could, until her sides ached and her breath felt as though it entered her body in shards, piercing her lungs. The first time she stumbled, her palms scraped against the trunk of a wide tree. The second time, a pair of hands grasped her and she fell into them gratefully, sobbing without restraint.
A hand stroked through her hair while the other held her close, pressing into her back. The comfort she felt at the contact did not startle her, but only made her tears flow with more intensity.
Lukas did not speak a word, but held her silently as her body shook with the effort of her emotions and her hands grasped the front of his shirt with the likeness of a child clinging to its blankets. They stood together, time passing slowly, until her racking sobs slowed, leaving behind soft hiccoughs and silently flowing tears. It was not until his hand moved from her hair to brush away the tears from her cheek that she pulled away.
“I'm sorry,” she murmured.
He shook his head without a word, his face blank but his eyes deep and sad.
“I didn't know where to go,” she continued, small sobs breaking off her words as she spoke. “I-”
“It's alright,” he cut her off. She took a deep breath, resting her forehead against his tear-stained shirt and closed her eyes. The musky scent of his skin overwhelmed her and her face contracted against the onslaught of emotion.
“What do I do now?” she whispered, fresh tears tumbling from the end of her nose.
“Tell me what happened,” he said.
Sophie shook her head against his chest and sniffed loudly. He let out a soft sigh, rubbing his hands along the length of her arms.
“It was horrible,” she said, not daring to pull away and look into his face. “I don't want to repeat it.”
“I can't help you if I don't know.” The simplicity of the statement sobered her and she stood straight, wiping at her cheeks with her fingers.
“You can't help me anyway,” she said quietly. “Not with this.”
“I could try,” he replied, brushing a stray hair from her forehead. “Did something happen with the man from town?”
His voice was even, but Sophie could hear the strain behind the question. She shook her head, keeping her hands planted against his chest. He did not pull away from the contact, though she half expected him to.
“No,” she said. “Nothing.”
“With your sister?”
She shook her head again.
“Why did you come to me?” his voice was still quiet, but frustration was beginning to color his tone.
“I don't know,” she whispered. “I had nowhere else to go.”
“You had solitude,” he said. “It would have been better suited to your desire for silence.”
“Are you angry?” she stepped away, letting her hands drop.
“Of course not. I only want to be sure you are alright. Are you?”
Her eyebrows furrowed as Sophie held back the tears that rushed to the surface. Her lips pressed together in a firm line. Lukas cocked his head, keeping his eyes locked on hers and waited for her to speak. She sucked in a breath and, as her eyes released their pools of tears, she began to recount her mother's words.
He watched her speak with no expression. There was a distance in his eyes when her voice cracked with emotion, but she did not pay attention. The ache of recounting the incident was intense, searing through her chest, spreading down her arms and encompassing every thought. Had she been on fire, it would have added little to the pain of that moment. Pausing to take a shaking breath, Sophie glanced up to his face. She had all but forgotten his presence, ensconced in her own words, and he maintained a stiff silence while she spoke. His eyes searched her face, the distance fading until she could see a spark of sympathy deep within them.
“Your mother sounds very selfish,” he said. “Perhaps you are lucky to have not been made to endure the same traits.”
“I knew things were strained,” Sophie wiped the back of her hand across her cheek, “but I never thought,” she stopped with a sigh.
Lukas stepped away, leaning his back against a nearby tree and glanced around. The darkness was complete by then, a cool breeze still ruffling the leaves and brush, sending a flourish of unearthly tones through the air. Sophie shivered as the wind rustled through her skirt, but paid no attention to the fleeting thought of returning to the castle for warmth. As if he could read her mind, Lukas looked past her in the direction of the courtyard followed by a glance over his shoulder.
“Perhaps you should come out of the chill,” he said.
She followed when he turned away, letting him lead her through the darkness. After she had stumbled her way for a few minutes, he turned back and placed a hand under her elbow, guiding her around obstacles as though she were blind. She may as well have been, considering the blackness that surrounded her, but Lukas led her as easily as if it were broad daylight.
She lost sense of time passing, focusing only on the rustle beneath her feet and the sound of her ragged breath. He made no sound beside her, his hand applying a gentle pressure to her arm. Neither of them found any reason to speak. When she saw a faint light through the trees, her breath came easier. He led her through the overgrown yard and up to the front door, pausing briefly before pushing it open.
The light from inside pooled around them, burning her eyes as he pulled her gently through the door and closed it behind them. The comforting scent of a wood fire embraced her, soothing the pounding ache in her chest. Lukas touched her back softly, guiding her to a small sofa in the center of the room. She sat gratefully, pulling the sandals from her sore feet and wrapping her legs underneath her body. The drying tears on her face were making her skin itch, and she rubbed at them with the heel of her hands.
A moment later, the creak of a door opening to her left startled her and she turned to see a middle-aged woman emerge from one of the two bedrooms. Her body was tiny, her head would reach no higher than Sophie's shoulder, but the flaming red hair falling to her waist and her stern expression gave the impression of potency.
“Where have you been?” she spoke, unaware of Sophie's watchful eyes.
Lukas moved to a small cabinet beside the dated refrigerator and pulled a thin pad of paper from a shelf. The woman watched the paper patiently as he scrawled a few words and placed it on the table without a sound.
She moved to it, read the words quickly, and spun around to face Sophie.
“Oh,” she gasped, her hands flying up in surprise. “I'm so sorry. I didn't see you there.”
“No,” Sophie forced a smile. It felt out of place amongst her tormented emotions. “It's okay. I'm Sophie.”
She held out her hand, surprised when the woman rushed forward to seize it, grasping it with both hands and holding it tight as she spoke.
“Agatha. Aggie,” the stern look faded, replaced with a warm smile. “Aggie Hann.”
“Nice to meet you, Aggie.”
“The voice you heard,” Lukas motioned toward the beaming red-head to his right. “Changed your opinion?”
“I never had an opinion,” she retorted, gaining a confused look from Aggie. “Oh. Sorry. I was talking to-”
“Gracious!” Aggie exclaimed, spinning around to scan the room. “I forgot entirely. This must be quite strange for you. It was for me, in the beginning. I've settled into the lifestyle, though, these past years.”
“It helped that she was already strange when I found her,” Lukas muttered while scribbling another note on the pad in front of him.
Sophie gave a weak smile when he turned back to her, but she could not find the energy to laugh.
Aggie was bent over the pad, reading his words.
“I'll leave you two alone, then,” she smiled as she turned to Sophie. “You don't need a nosey old woman listening to your business.”
“You don't have to,” Sophie began but Lukas shushed her, dropping his body into a weathered armchair opposite the sofa. She gave him a puzzled look, but he did not meet her gaze, watching instead as Aggie bustled about the kitchen before returning to her room.
“You didn't have to send her away,” Sophie chided. “I liked her.”
“Yes, she is endearing, isn't she?” he said. Despite his sarcasm, she could hear a faint softness in his voice. “But you and I were in the middle of a discussion and I thought you'd want privacy.”
“I don't have much else to say. My head is pounding and I'm tired. Not sure I'm up for any more talking.”
He watched her with narrowed eyes, nodding slowly.
“Would you mind if I did the talking, then?” he asked.
Sophie's eyes widened – the question being entirely unexpected – but she nodded her head. He pursed his lips, running a hand through his hair with a sigh.
“I heard your story and it brought back my own memories,” his voice was quiet as he spoke. “I thought perhaps my mistakes could be of some use to you.”
“Mistakes?” she interrupted. “How?”
“So that you might avoid them.”
A shuddering sigh escaped Sophie’s lips and Lukas looked up at her, tearing his eyes from the thick bear-skin beneath his feet. She rubbed at her eyes with her fists, settling her body further onto the sofa, surprised by its softness. By looking at it, she would have thought it would have been solid as wood.
He stood without a word, treading silently to the door opposite Aggie's room and returned with a linen-clad pillow and soft wool afghan. Dropping both onto the sofa beside her, he returned to his chair and waited for her to get comfortable.
When she had positioned her body against the pillow and cocooned herself in the folds of the blanket, she glanced at him through reddened eyes, waiting for him to begin.
“As a small child, I was brought to this country by my parents,” he began. “I was very young. Too young to recall their faces now, too young to know my own family name, but I remember the river.”
“The river?” Sophie repeated, and he nodded.
“It runs through these woods, swift though not exceptionally deep,” he answered. “There was a bridge crossing its width. I returned there years ago, but the bridge had been destroyed. However, the memory of it remains within me. Even after all this time, I still hear the water rushing, the sound of footsteps on the rotting wood, my mother's shrill laughter as she leaned over the rail.
“It happened quickly. They both fell, I cannot tell you why, but the current took them downstream. I remained on the shore, too young to comprehend. The memory of those hours is vague, but I remember keeping close to the bridge. Time passed. Minutes, hours, days, I do not recall, but eventually they found me.”
“Your parents?” Sophie asked, relieved, for the reality of his words had stopped her breath.
The relief vanished when he shook his head.
“Not my parents,” he said. “Though they would become just that to me. Silva and Grieg Prust, a young couple hiking the woods. They found me there, beside the river. I was dirty, hungry, alone. They brought me here,” he gestured to the small cabin. “My parents never returned, though if they had, I suppose I would not have known.”
“You never found out what happened?” Sophie asked.
“Never. I searched. I searched for years for any information, a sign, a whisper of their survival, but it was in vain,” he watched her with cautious eyes. “My first mistake,” he said quietly.
“Searching for them? How could that possibly have been a mistake? They were your parents.”
“Yes, but they were gone.”
She sat back in shock at his words, shaking her head in an effort to wrap her mind around them.
“You must understand,” he said. “I wasted many years, wasted time with the ones that had saved me, loved me. It was far too late before I realized my mistake. They both died with the memory of my rage, my ingratitude, and for that I will be forever haunted.”
“Lukas,” Sophie whispered. “I don't understand.”
He leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and gave her a keen look.
“I was twenty-three when Grieg passed on, twenty-six when Silva followed. It was not until I had come into my twenty-ninth year that I realized my love for Annka, and hers for me. By then, my desires had changed course. It was then I became aware of what I had wasted. The family I longed for had always been with me, but I was too absorbed in my own thoughts to realize it. The parents I searched for, the life I felt had been stolen from me, were illusions, and it was too late for me to make amends. It was too late to appreciate fully everything I had been given.”
“I'm sorry,” she said.
“Do not be sorry for me,” he said. “Take my words and remember them. Do not waste the time you have with those who love you. Do not spend your life trying to mend relationships that are not intended to be put right. Focus on what is most important, regardless of label or duty.”
Sophie thought of Aunt Marilyn and of how, despite her efforts, she had never been able to break through her niece's thick emotional walls.
She thought of her uncle, and the throbbing pain in her chest intensified, making her hunch over her knees with her eyes squeezed shut. Uncle Gus had always provided comfort for her, even during the times that she did not fully deserve his care and compassion.
She thought of Marshall, sitting on his front porch with a video game or computer, always ready with a smile and wave whenever she came near.
She thought of her father.
“I have to go,” she said suddenly, pushing herself from the couch.
Lukas raised his eyebrows and stood to follow her.
“It is past midnight,” he said, grabbing her arm as she pulled the door open. “There is no sense in wandering through the woods this late. In the morning, I will take you back.”
“No,” she pulled on the handle, but his free hand pushed against the door, making it impossible for her to open it. “Please. Didn't you just tell me-”
“I told you not to waste your time,” he interrupted. “If you go now, even if they are still awake, nothing good will come of it tonight.”
“How do you know that?” she demanded, feeling a sudden desperation.
“Because I have been here long enough to learn what a poison like alcohol does to a decent person's conscience,” he replied coldly. “You are emotional, exhausted. They are drunk. You must see how unreasonable it would be.”
“Let me out,” she whispered. His hand twitched against the door, but he did not pull it away. Anger began to course through her, obliterating the sadness with its power. “Let me out!”
Aggie's bedroom door flew open and she sped into the room, her red hair cascading behind her like a flaming waterfall.
“What's wrong?” she said, rushing to Sophie's side. Lukas watched her with narrowed eyes. “Are you alright?”
“I'm fine,” Sophie replied, the anger so palpable that she did not feel guilt at the curtness in her voice. “I want to leave.”
“Leave?” Aggie's eyes widened. “It's very late. Have you had an argument with-”
Her voice was cut off as Lukas slammed his fist into the door, the loud vibration of the solid doorframe echoing through the air. Aggie's small body jolted in surprise and she stared at the suddenly damaged door with widened eyes.
Sophie looked up at him in shock, her mouth falling open at the intensity in his eyes.
She released the handle and stepped away. He dropped his hand from her arm and folded his arms across his chest.
Aggie nodded her head.
“He is angry.”
It was not a question.
Sophie turned to her. She was looking at the door with a small smile, the shock on her face replaced with amusement.
“Ask her to leave,” Lukas said quietly, looking at Sophie. “I cannot stand her nonsense right now.”
“I won't,” Sophie replied, and Aggie glanced at her, her smile widening. “You're a hypocrite, Lukas. You tell me to be careful. You talk about your mistakes. But you still act like a spoiled child.”
The words were coming without thought, but she did not stop. Relief coursed into her body as easily as the words flowed out, one replacing the other, filling her up.
“You are always angry,” she continued. “Mean. Spiteful. You say you've learned, but you haven't. Ever since I met you, I've felt it too. The anger. It's like a disease. I have never been able to speak so angrily to my family, but now I do. It feels good in the moment but there is always guilt after, and the guilt fuels the anger.”
“Better to speak your mind than to have those around you, your own family, treat you as they would an unwanted house-pet.”
His words stung, but she did not falter.
“At what expense?” she asked. “Speaking your mind may have its places, but to ignore the effect on those around you is selfish.”
Aggie's eyes were moving from Sophie to the door, unaware that Lukas had moved to stand near the table, his back turned to them and his head bowed. Her face was slightly confused, mystified, and Sophie remembered that she was seeing and hearing what would sound like a one-sided conversation. Lukas’s responses were no more than silence to her.
She turned her eyes back to him. He was watching her, an unreadable expression on his face. Silence filled the small cottage, not even the sound of the wind penetrated the walls. As she watched them, his eyes softened, his mouth curved up in the shadow of a smile and he leaned against the table.
“Well, I believe you may have found a like-minded acquaintance, then,” he said, then eyed Aggie pointedly.
“She's right,” Sophie responded.
“Oh, are you talking about me?” Aggie's voice was high and her hands were wringing. “This is so strange. What is he saying? I wish you'd write it down, Luke. I'm sure it's the same thing he says to me when I get on him. There are times when he goes for weeks without saying a word to me.”
“Weeks,” Sophie repeated slowly, eyeing Lukas. He shrugged and, with a sigh, turned to the paper on the table.
She watched as he scrawled a few words across the page, setting the pen down carefully when he was through. Aggie moved toward the table, leaning over and reading the words. She remained silent, though more than enough time had passed for her to read the message. Lukas roamed the small kitchen.
After what seemed like hours, Sophie inched closer to the table where Aggie stood with one hand pressed against her mouth. Not waiting for an invitation, she leaned around her, straining to see the paper.
She is right. You deserve better than what I give you. I am sorry for that.
Her eyebrows shot up in surprise and she re-read the words several times before glancing at Aggie. With her hand still over her mouth, Aggie turned her eyes to Sophie, the bright green sparkling with emotion. In an instant, she had thrown out her arms and wrapped them around Sophie's waist, hugging her close. Unsure of how to respond, Sophie patted her back softly.
“Ridiculous,” she heard Lukas mutter from somewhere behind her, but when she turned to look at him, his eyes were soft.
After being coerced into remaining for the night, with the promise of leaving early, Sophie returned to the couch, pulling the knit blanket and pillow into position. Aggie rushed to her side, pulling the blanket from her hands gently.
“Don't be silly,” she said, giving her a warm smile. “You don't need to sleep on this musty old thing.”
Taking her hand, she led Sophie to the small hallway. Lukas remained seated at the table, watching them with interest. Before she opened the door opposite her own room, Aggie paused.
“I'm giving her your room,” she called over her shoulder, and turned to Sophie with a grin and a wink. “I don't want to sleep on that couch either.”
“How noble of you,” Sophie heard Lukas murmur, but was pulled into the small room before she had the chance to look back at him.
The room was small, barely wide enough for the double bed against the far wall. What it lacked in size, however, it made up for with light. Windows lined the outside walls, letting in a generous view of the surrounding forest. The trees were swaying in the forgotten wind, but even when she strained to hear it, Sophie could only catch a tiny rustle.
“It's so quiet,” she observed, and Aggie nodded.
“These old log homes, they block out most of the noise. Not that there is much noise to block, way in here. But it does muffle the wind, when it manages to break through these trees.”
“It must be very peaceful.”
Stepping further into the room, Sophie saw that a small desk was set up, packed high with books and scattered papers. She noticed that the papers were filled with the same hurried writing she had seen on the notepad sitting on the kitchen table.
“He spends a lot of time with these books,” Aggie mused, picking up a particularly ancient looking one and turning it over in her hands. “I should say, he used to spend a lot of time with them. Until a week ago.”
The look on her face was kind, but her words made Sophie uncomfortable. She changed the subject, asking a question that had been on her mind since the day she had overheard the woman's voice outside their cabin.
“How did all of this happen?” she asked, motioning to Aggie and then around the room. “How did you find out? They all tell me that no one has ever known of their existence after the curse was cast.”
“Now, I don't know much about that curse,” Aggie shrugged. “Our communication isn't exactly simple. But what I do know is that, until my arrival twenty-nine years ago, he was alone.”
“You came here?”
“Yes, I did,” her voice had lost some of its perkiness and Sophie watched as her eyes glazed. Whether they were filled with nostalgia or sadness, she could not be sure. “I was twenty-two years old. I was born in Ireland, though my family moved around quite a lot, dragging me with them wherever it was they wanted to go.”
She smiled, but it did not reach her eyes.
“They brought you to Switzerland?” Sophie guessed. She was relieved to have finally pinpointed the red-head's subtle accent.
Aggie nodded.
“They did. For almost a full year I lived in Zurich. Being almost ready to leave my parents and find my own way, I was excited to see new places, new people. One night, I left the small apartment my parents had rented, just out of the main city. I told them I was going for a walk.”
Her smile turned wistful and she shook her head, her river of hair rippling with the motion.
“A thousand times I had gone down that street. The shop windows were familiar to me, I knew each store by name. I never thought of the foolishness of being out so late, alone. It wasn't until I saw him coming toward me that I felt the first bit of fear.”
Sophie's stomach dropped as she predicted where Aggie's story was going. Sitting carefully on the edge of the bed, she waited with bated breath for the story to continue.
“He walked slowly, at first, but I could see his face turned in my direction. When he got closer, I could see the whites of his eyes, wide with hunger. He quickened his pace, almost running before he reached me. I'll never forget the feeling when he grabbed my arm. Adrenaline, terror, disbelief, all rolled into one strong surge of emotion.
“He pulled me so hard that I fell, but he did not slow. He dragged me along the ground for what seemed like hours. I was flailing, struggling, but when I would scream he would turn and kick my face with his boot. It felt like a lead hammer.”
Aggie's voice had gone robotic, her eyes appeared to be under a hypnotic spell, but her words continued to flow without hesitation. Sophie listened, her own sorrow forgotten.
“I was forced into the back of a car, and I thought he would leave me alone and drive, but he climbed over my body. It was then that I realized, for the first time, how truly small I was. Powerless. Simply powerless.
“The car must have been in an isolated area, because he wasted no time. Before I knew it, my clothes had been ripped away. I tried to scratch, claw, wound him in any way I could. I know the smell of him will never leave me – not until the day I die.”
The disbelief and pity must have been apparent on Sophie's face, because Aggie snapped out of her trance and gave her a small smile.
“Listen to me,” she said, “babbling on like a basket case. Lukas always says I talk too much. Poor man, he's the only one around to hear me most of the time.”
“It's alright,” Sophie answered. “I don't mind. I'm sorry, though, about what happened to you.”
“Don't be,” she waved a hand. “What doesn't kill us makes us stronger, isn't that what they say? And I am stronger for it.”
“What happened?” Sophie asked. “After.”
“He kicked me from the car,” Aggie answered. “Literally. Right out onto the cold pavement, with no clothes and covered in blood. It could have been worse,” she shook her head at Sophie's shocked expression, “much worse. He could have killed me. I thought he would. I may not have minded then, I may even have welcomed it, but now I know better.”
“Where did you go?” Sophie whispered. The horror of Aggie's tale was nauseating, but she felt a morbid curiosity.
“As far as my battered legs would carry me. It gets fuzzy and jumbled in my mind at that point. I remember the blood. So much blood. I remember that I didn't stop running. Even when daylight came, I moved to the shelter of the trees on the side of the road and kept right on going. I had no idea where I was trying to get to; I don't even think I knew what I was doing. All I wanted was to keep moving. Keep running.
“I don't remember falling. When I woke, I was being carried through the trees. At least, that's what my body told me. My mind was screaming insanity because when I looked around, I seemed to be floating. There was nothing holding me, no one around. That's what I thought, anyway,” she shot Sophie a knowing look. “I remember thinking that I'd gone insane, lost my mind because of what had happened. And then my memories go blank.”
A picture painted itself in Sophie's mind. It might have been comical, but for the circumstances behind it.
“I woke up, it could have been days, weeks later, I didn't know,” Aggie went on. “All I saw was this room. I tried to move, but it was so painful. Like I had been snapped in two and glued back together. A glass of water was on the table beside me, so I knew I hadn't imagined being carried, and that someone was there with me at some point. When I finally pulled myself from the bed, looking for another sign of life, I found nothing but rotting food in the refrigerator and meat hanging in the window. After a few hours, I started to feel afraid. I thought of running again, but the pain stopped me. I spent another night here, barely sleeping, hoping to catch a peek of whoever had picked me up.”
“How long was it before you realized,” Sophie paused, unsure of how to phrase the question, “realized that he was-”
“Invisible?” Aggie laughed, finishing Sophie's sentence. “A long time. I stayed here, mainly because I had nowhere else to go. First thing I noticed was that there was always food, mostly meat, but sometimes vegetables and berries. It wasn't until I had gotten used to this place that I would notice things were moved or misplaced. There was someone coming and going, I knew that much for sure, but I had never seen them.”
“That must have been confusing,” Sophie mused. “I think I would have gotten as far from this place as possible.”
“I didn't have much choice,” Aggie answered. “I had no idea where I was. Not to mention the tattered old clothes, far too big for me, which I had found and dragged from underneath the bed. I knew I looked terrible, and I felt more than my share of crazy. Given the state I was in, I don't think that I'd have survived for long out there,” she motioned to the woods.
“I guess that's true. I imagine he must have shown you something, like the notes he writes now.”
“He did, a few months after I'd been here,” Aggie answered. “But not on purpose. I still believe, if not for his mistake, he'd have been happy to stay invisible forever. If not for a bout of insomnia on my part, I don't know that I'd ever have found out about him.”
“What happened?”
This was what Sophie had been waiting to hear. Since meeting Aggie, she had wondered about the woman's tolerance of such an impossible situation – a tolerance, she noticed, quite like her own.
“It was pitch black, middle of the night,” she answered, emphasizing the words as if she were telling a horror story around a campfire. “I came out of the room to get some water and there was a small fire in the hearth. The sight of it froze me in my tracks. I tried to speak, but got no answer. It was frightening, but I didn’t feel like I was in danger. I waited all night, but nothing else happened. A few days later, I kept awake on purpose, keeping my ear pressed to the door hoping I’d hear something, anything.”
“And he came?”
“He was here all along,” she answered. “I heard his door creak open. My heart stopped. I listened for footsteps, but it was so quiet, so I pulled my door open a crack. It was dark, I couldn't see, but I knew someone was there. I ran to the kitchen – still don’t know where I found the courage – and flicked on the lights. The house was empty.
“I shut all the doors and sat in the middle of the floor, waiting. Finally, after hours of waiting and when the sun was just starting to come up, I saw it. The table shifted. I jumped up, watching as a message was scrawled in the dust. I swear, in that moment, I was sure I’d gone off the deep end.”
“He wrote a message,” Sophie whispered.
“Yes,” Aggie nodded, “and it scared the daylights out of me. Do not fear. That was all it said.”
Easier said than done, Sophie thought, remembering her experience in the tower room. Aggie sat silently for a moment, her eyes tracing the lines of the windows, the furniture. She sighed, standing and smiling down at Sophie.
“I should let you sleep,” she said. “Just wait a moment. I have some clothes you can wear overnight.”
Dressed, washed, and feeling thoroughly exhausted after her evening's emotional rollercoaster, Sophie trudged back into Lukas's bedroom. She had not spoken to him since their argument and was afraid to initiate contact, so instead kept her head down as she entered the room.
“Sophie,” his voice called. Her heart thudded and she stopped.
“Yes?” she replied quietly.
The sofa creaked under his weight as he shifted to glance at her. She shot a look over her shoulder, but the corner of the doorway blocked her view.
“Sleep well.”
Keeping silent, she pushed the door closed. It snapped shut with a gentle click and she was left with nothing but the thrum of her own thoughts rumbling in her mind.
Chapter 13

The halls were vacant as Sophie tiptoed through the castle in the early hours of Saturday morning. She had removed her shoes on the patio, walking barefoot across the polished floors.
Lukas left her, as usual, before the boundary of trees met the courtyard. They had walked in almost total silence through the woods, speaking only when he wished her luck for the coming day. Not once did he mention the urgency they both felt as time dwindled and, along with it, their hope of freedom. Nor did she mention that Jude would be invited into the castle that afternoon, potentially hunting the very spirit they needed for information. A nugget of guilt resided in the pit of her stomach at the knowledge, but she forced herself to ignore it.
If he tries anything, I'll know it, she told herself silently.
Shooting a quick glance at the clock in the front entrance, she hastened to her room, knowing that it wouldn't be long until the bustle of wedding preparations began. It wasn't until she had locked herself safely inside that she relaxed, her racing heart slowing with each breath.
From the small wardrobe next to the fireplace, Sophie pulled a hanging garment bag from the hook and loosened the zipper. Deep crimson folds of silk ran through her fingers as she moved to the bed and lay her dress down, smoothing the creases away. The fabric felt like soft water under her fingertips, and she trailed the length of the hem line twice over before turning away. Aunt Marilyn had bought the dress, despite her niece's objections, stating simply that it would “brighten my day to see you wear something beautiful, for a change”.
At the time, Sophie had rolled her eyes. She watched her aunt pay for a dress she could not imagine wearing and pouted like a child when she had to put it on and model for the seamstress. Her aunt had only beamed. A faint smile appeared on her lips when she remembered that day, her throat swelling with suppressed emotion.
Do not waste the time you have with those who love you.
With a curt nod, Sophie pulled the dress from the bag, stroking it lovingly once more before heading to the bathroom and hanging it on a towel hook. She turned on the shower, waiting until the water was as hot as she could possibly stand, and fought away the prickle of fear that nagged her.
It would be a difficult day, of that she was sure.
The previous night she would have simply run away, unable to face the trials ahead of her, but that morning she was resolved, resigned to her fate and willing to sacrifice a day of trouble for a lifetime of closure. She owed the most unexpected of friends for the courage to proceed.
A man, strange and mysterious, with secrets so unbelievable she would never have believed them if she had not experienced them firsthand. A tiny woman of fifty-one, red-hair like fire, surviving, thriving against all odds. And two old friends, sharing a curse and a memory, dueling over the blame and balancing their trust on the point of a needle.
By the time she returned her attention to the present moment, Sophie's skin was red with heat and she jumped from the shower, every nerve in her body alight with intuition. Wiping away the steam from the mirror above the sink, she looked at herself carefully, sternly. Dripping strands of black hair draped her shoulders. Cheeks, glowing bright with warmth and emotion, under burning brown eyes that glared back at her. She watched her own lips part as she smiled, her expression full of a strength and confidence she had never known before.
Two hours later, she was dressed in sweats and knocking on her aunt's door.
“Hmm...” she heard her aunt moan, obviously still in bed. Deliberating for a split-second, she knocked again and called through the door.
“It's me,” she leaned close to the wood so her aunt would hear. “Time to get up.”
“Sophie?” Aunt Marilyn cleared her throat. “What time… oh my goodness.”
Sophie waited, rocking back on her heels and clasping her hands behind her back, for Aunt Marilyn to open the door. When the lock clicked and her aunt appeared, blond hair pressed flat on one side and spiking out the other and eyes dark with sleep, she smiled.
“Morning,” she said, raising her eyebrows.
“Thank you for waking me,” Aunt Marilyn replied, pressing on her hair with one hand and stifling a yawn with the other. “What are you doing up so early?”
“I couldn't sleep.”
She had never been the best liar, but this one left her lips with ease.
“Just put something on and let's go eat breakfast,” she continued, motioning to her aunt's wrinkled nightdress.
Waiting patiently on an armchair in her aunt's room, Sophie closed her eyes and imagined, not for the first time, her meeting with Jude that afternoon. When she invited him to the wedding, a sense of excitement and giddiness was upon her, but that faded as quickly as the bright sunlight in the midst of the forest trees when she had learned what he might be. Now, she was only apprehensive. Every now and then, a trickle of excitement would try to break through, but it never lasted.
Finally, Aunt Marilyn emerged from the bathroom and they headed for the breakfast hall.
“Wasn't that dinner divine?” Aunt Marilyn asked when they descended the stairs to the lower level.
“Yeah,” Sophie hesitated. “The food was good.”
Obviously, the drama of the previous night had not spread and, for that, she was grateful.
“Your father had too much to drink, though,” Aunt Marilyn shook her head, “as always. He was rambling on and sniffling like a little boy.”
“Oh?” Sophie's muscles tightened. She waited, holding her breath, for her aunt to say more.
“It is refreshing to see him so emotionally involved in Katie's marriage. I was beginning to worry.”
With a sigh, Sophie smiled in relief.
“He loves her, of course he's involved.”
She had not quite decided how to approach the subject of her adoption with her aunt, but knew that it must wait until the wedding day was over. Despite her own sense of urgency, she knew the conversation would only cast a shadow on the day her aunt was so looking forward to. Lukas had changed her perception of how her actions and words might affect the already strained relationship between the one person she could count on – Aunt Marilyn – and herself.
She had also failed to consider the notion that her mother would be present for breakfast until they entered the hall. Her breath hitched when she saw the back of a blond head at the table, but released in a gush when the head turned and an unfamiliar face looked up at her. A relative of the groom, she learned quickly upon introduction, taking a seat across from the woman.
Biting into the thick crust of her bagel, Sophie watched as a young woman in a crisp black uniform entered with a tray and piled it with food before whisking it from the room.
“The bride must be taking her breakfast in her room,” said the woman across from her. Patricia, or Paula, Sophie couldn't remember which. She motioned toward the now empty doorway.
“Oh, yes,” Aunt Marilyn nodded. “We won't see them until the ceremony, I'm sure.”
Sophie breathed deeply, relieved by the thought that she would not have to face her mother until that afternoon. Part of her dreaded the moment of that meeting and the awkward conversation she knew would follow, but she also knew it was necessary for her to move on – to accept it. She could not predict what her relationship with her family would be like from that point, and if she was honest with herself, she wasn't sure that she wanted to find out.
When Aunt Marilyn rushed them from the breakfast hall at half-past nine, she was bursting with energy, exchanging bright greetings with every passing guest. Sophie followed quietly, her high-spirits waning as time ticked by, drawing her ever closer to the moment she was dreading – Jude's arrival.
The hours passed faster than she could have imagined, faster than she liked, and before long she was pulling the straps of her crimson dress over her pale shoulders and tying the string at her waist. Fearful that the neckline was much to low, she pulled it as far up as was comfortable. Even still, it covered her chest far less than she would like. With a deep breath, she flipped her hair over her shoulder and left the room, anxiety running wild through her.
When she stepped into the front entrance, it was vacant. She walked over the stone floors, an unfamiliar clicking trailing each step, coming from the shoes that felt like foreign objects strapped to her feet. She cringed at the echo they made in the silence. Lifting onto her toes, she kept the points of her heels from connecting with the hard floor.
Her heart fluttered in her chest as she stepped through the door and into the warmth of the morning air. The sunshine would have been bright but for the ceaseless mist that seemed to linger around her. Striding past several tall vases bursting with white, red, and violet, she inhaled their sweet aroma as she descended the front steps. She welcomed the feel of the breeze in her hair. The silk of her skirt danced around her knees as she waited for Jude’s pickup to appear. To pass the time, she brainstormed potential questions for him that might gain the right answers without sounding suspicious. Her mind raced, fighting against the pull of her emotions. She couldn’t help but think of the kiss they had shared. The memory of his lips barely touching her own, of his hand gripping hers, of her stomach doing flips and her mind going blank fought its way to the surface.
The soft crunching of gravel shook her back to the present and she steeled herself for his arrival.
Jude pulled into the lot beside the castle while she took hesitant steps down the stairs, wobbling in her unfamiliar shoes. When he stepped from the truck, her stomach filled with nervous energy and her hands began to shake. She stopped halfway down, thinking it would be easier to have him come to her and avoid a potential stumble. Muted sunlight bounced from the light blue fabric of his shirt and sent a wave of shine through his hair. His smile was bright as he moved toward her, the gravel grinding under his weight. Climbing the first two steps to stand in front of her, he reached out a hand and she took it slowly, the sight of him threatening to destroy her mask of confidence.
“You are stunning,” he said, sweeping his eyes from the top of her head to her feet.
She felt a flush creep up her neck at his gaze and looked away, smiling in spite of her worry and thanking him quietly. After a moment, she remembered her circumstances and brought her eyes back to his face.
“Would you like to come in?” she asked, motioning to the castle doors and watching for his reaction.
His eyes – though already bright – widened in excitement.
“Yes, I would,” he answered, following her as she turned to climb the steps.
Praying she would not fall and cursing the senseless shoes strapped to her feet, Sophie led the way into the entrance. She was careful to stay beside Jude and watch him as he surveyed the room. The smile had faded from his lips though his eyes remained wide. She followed him, keeping her hand in his, as he took slow steps into the center of the room.
“Incredible,” he whispered, reaching out a hand to stroke a wide painting near the main stairway. Sophie did not respond, but smiled when he turned to look at her.
“The wedding isn't for an hour,” she said. “We could walk around. If you want to, I mean. You seem to be enthralled by this castle.”
“Enthralled, yes,” he laughed, squeezing her hand gently and sending the butterflies raging in her stomach, against her better judgment. “Is it so obvious?”
“It is now,” she whispered. He did not hear. Or if he did, he did not respond.
They took a familiar path, winding through the hall that would lead to Sophie's courtyard. Her mind wandered briefly to the cottage beyond the wall of trees. Jude was silent. Sophie hesitated to be the first to speak. She watched his face as they walked, his head turning, his eyes scanning each corner and peering into each open doorway. When they emerged into the small seating area across from the double French doors, she slowed her steps.
Peering through the decorated glass, she prayed that Lukas was not watching. The thought of his anger made her anxious. In an attempt to move them along, she pulled on Jude's arm, but he resisted, sitting instead on the sofa and pulling her down beside him.
“Are you alright?” he asked, placing an arm behind her and pulling her closer to him. “You seem troubled.”
“I'm fine,” she replied, the answer sounded almost robotic. She had used it too many times.
“Sophie,” his tilted his head and gave her a small smile. She looked into the warmth of his eyes and wondered how anyone could lie so well. For a fraction of a second, she wanted to ask him outright of his motives, ask him for the truth, but something stopped her.
Her head snapped toward the window as movement registered in her periphery, and her eyes followed the form of a small red-headed woman walking toward the patio. Her green eyes piercing through the glass, locked on Sophie's face.
“Oh my god,” she whispered, urgency rising in her chest. She stood swiftly.
“Sophie, what's wrong?” Jude asked, standing alongside her. He followed her gaze, seeing the woman who had now stepped onto the stone patio and was only feet from them, separated by the boundary of glass.
“Nothing,” she answered, pulling her hand away from his. “Wait here, okay? Please,” she added when he opened his mouth to protest. He nodded once, but did not sit.
Pushing the door open and slamming it shut before Aggie had time to enter, Sophie pressed her back to the door and started to speak.
“Aggie, what are-”
Aggie held up a hand, and glanced around Sophie to Jude, who was standing just inside the door, concern and confusion plain on his face.
“Who is that?” she asked quietly. “That man?”
“He's,” Sophie paused, “he's a friend of mine.”
A laugh erupted from across the courtyard and Sophie knew then that Lukas had indeed been watching her. He had sent Aggie in his place, being bound to the shelter of the tree-line, to discover the truth.
“He told me everything,” Aggie said. “Everything, Sophie. That man is dangerous. Not only for you, but for him,” she inclined her head toward the trees. “You are risking everything by letting him in. How could you betray them?”
“I'm not betraying anyone,” Sophie argued, but a voice in her mind agreed with Aggie's words. “I just wanted to be sure of what his intentions are. What if he's wrong? What if Jude isn't dangerous?”
“What does it matter, then?” Aggie asked, but her voice was kind. “You are not from here. Soon you will leave, go home. You will suffer disappointment, no matter what his intentions are.”
The words rang true, but Sophie shunned them.
“I don't care,” she said. “I don't think he's dangerous.”
Her own lie resounded in her ears. She did not know the threat Jude may pose to them. The warmth in his eyes may very well have been false.
“He wants a word with you,” Aggie said, ignoring Sophie's words and nodding her head toward the trees.
“No,” Sophie shook her head and Aggie's eyebrows lifted. “I know what I'm doing.”
Liar, the word echoed in her mind, but she turned to re-enter the castle. To her surprise, Aggie followed.
“What are you doing?” she hissed, closing the door again and turning back.
Aggie shrugged.
“He told me you'd be difficult,” she said. “He said to accompany you, if you didn't want to see him. So, I'm accompanying you.”
Sophie's eyes flashed to the trees, her lips pursed.
“You don't always have to follow his orders,” she said quietly, the frustration apparent in her voice. “You're not his puppet.”
“No,” Aggie smiled, shaking her head at Sophie. “But I am his friend. And he believes that you are in danger. That leaves little in the way of options, don't you think?”
With an exasperated sigh, Sophie pushed past Aggie and stomped, as best as she could considering the height of her shoes, through the courtyard. The breeze, once soothing, blew her hair into her mouth and she pulled it away with a whip of her hand, cursing silently. She heard Jude call to her, and glanced over her shoulder. Aggie stood in the doorway, her small body blocking his path, keeping him from following.
When she stepped through the trees, Lukas was waiting. He did not step forward, because she remained so close to the boundary, but his face was full of anger.
“Are you insane?” he hissed. Before, Sophie may have flinched at the quiet rage in his voice, but now she stood strong.
“No,” she answered. “I'm not.”
“I told you not to let him through the doors,” he went on. “Why will you never take my advice? What will you do, now?”
“Listen,” Sophie said, putting her hands on her hips and hoped she looked half as menacing as he did. “I know what you told me, but what if you're wrong? What if he's not dangerous?”
“What if he is?” Lukas raised his eyebrows. “You are willing to take that chance.”
She stood silent for a moment, contemplating. His eyes did not leave hers, but narrowed as Jude broke through the trees and seized her arm. Aggie stood motionless on the patio, still holding one side of the door frame. She did not move to follow him into the trees.
“Sophie, what the hell is going on?” he demanded, pulling her to face him. “What are you doing in here? Who was that crazy woman?”
Lukas laughed darkly, but Jude could not hear. Sophie kept her eyes on his face, pleading silently for help to answer the questions. Jude shook her gently, and she broke her eyes away from Lukas, locking them instead on Jude's frustrated face.
“I had to talk to someone,” she said, unable to produce a sensible excuse.
“In here?” he asked, pulling her toward the break in trees. “There is no one here, Sophie. Let’s go back inside.”
“I’m here,” Lukas muttered, stepping closer.
Sophie turned back to look at him, twisting her body so that she was half blocking Jude. When she did, her foot caught on a pile of knotted roots and she tumbled forward, the heel of her shoe catching in the tangles and, before she had a chance to throw out her hands in protection, her head collided with the ground. Jude's arms were around her in an instant, though she felt none of the warmth from before. The sound of Lukas's voice behind her was all she could focus on.
“Sophie, don't go with him,” he was saying, his voice low and pleading and coated with emotion.
She realized then how foolish she had been to ignore his warnings and his attempts to help her. She knew in her heart that something was not right. Something about Jude’s desperate pleas to go back in the castle gave him away. She shook her head carefully. There was nothing but concern in Lukas’s voice now, and she found herself welcoming his protection.
“Are you alright?” Jude said again. He was crouching down, his strong arms pulling her to her feet. “We need to go back inside. Let’s go inside.”
Her hands went to her head, a pounding starting in her ears. She nodded slowly, pushing away from Jude and stepping back until she felt Lukas's hands rest on her shoulders. Jude watched her, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“I could ask you the same question,” she answered, her voice sounding far away. “Why are you here?”
“What? Sophie,” he said, “you invited me, remember? You hit your head. Maybe we should find a doctor. Let’s go back-”
“I don't need a doctor,” she interrupted with a sigh.
“Ask him,” Lukas coaxed, his hands pressing her shoulders in encouragement. His touch calmed her nerves, but his words confused her. “Just ask him.”
“Ask him what?” she hissed. Jude's expression changed from confusion to concern when he heard her speak, and he stepped forward, his handsome face pale in the shadows.
“Come on,” he said. “You need to get inside.”
“No, I don't,” she argued again. “I want to know what you are doing here.”
“Ask him about the spirit, Sophie,” Lukas urged.
“Are you looking for something in the castle?” she asked, finding confidence in his proximity “Or, someone?”
Jude eyed her carefully, his muscles tensing.
“I don't know what you mean,” he said, but she did not miss the change in his tone.
“Yes, you do,” she replied. “You want the witch.”
The instant the words left her lips, a fire ignited in his eyes and his face transformed from handsome to hungry, like a beast ready to spring for the kill. For the slightest moment, Sophie remembered the statue of the pouncing lion in the Halifax airport. She flinched, cringing into Lukas, who moved his hands from her shoulders and pushed her to the side, angling his body in front of her.
“So it's true,” Jude snarled, his shoulders rising and falling with the effort of his breath. “She is here.”
“What do you want with her?” Sophie asked, adrenaline forcing its way through her veins, making her palms tingle and her heart pound furiously against her ribcage.
“I want to destroy her,” Jude answered. The ferocity behind his words was biting. “She lurks where she does not belong, and her actions in the past have marked her as a demon. She deserves more than death. She deserves destruction in the most hideous of ways.”
“You can't do that,” Sophie said, forcing energy into her voice. Jude laughed in contempt as she stepped around Lukas and walked to face him.
“Sophie,” Lukas seized her wrist. She turned to him with a small smile.
“It's okay,” she said.
Jude's laugh was severed into silence and he looked around the woods, trying to discern who she had spoken to.
“Is someone there?” he called into the seemingly empty woods.
“Yes,” Lukas answered with a low growl and Sophie shook her head, gazing back at him, hoping to dispel the darkness in his eyes.
“Who were you talking to?” Jude asked, his voice growing high. “Is there someone with you?”
“Yes,” she answered. “There is. Jude, I need you to listen to me-”
“Don't be a fool Sophie,” he cut her off. “The witch must be destroyed, of that there is no question. What could possibly make you want to spare her soul?”
“I don't want to spare her,” Sophie replied, reaching out a hand to touch his arm. She felt the tension in the air thicken, and heard Lukas let out a soft moan. “I just need to use her before you do anything.”
He smiled at her touch, the warmth returning to his eyes as he looked at her. For a brief moment, she felt relieved. He opened his mouth to speak, but no words came. His smile faltered, his brows furrowed as though he were warring with some unspoken enemy. She watched as the tenderness faded from his gaze. His uncertain smile transformed to a cold sneer, fierce anger mangling his expression again.
She did not have time to pull her arm away before Jude twisted his fingers around her wrist and wrenched her forward. Her other arm was pulled violently from Lukas’s grip. He lunged forward to regain a hold on her, but lost her again when Jude clamped his arm around her waist and pulled her into the dull light of the courtyard. She felt it when she crossed the boundary, felt Lukas’s hand jerk away, heard his pained cry as though his flesh had been burned. He called her name, his voice strangled, though she could not see him through her struggle.
She jerked and kicked, unable to scream with Jude’s arm wrapped firmly over her mouth. She was afraid of twisting too far, feeling the pressure his hold made on the bones in her neck. She remembered Aggie’s words, then, and understood. Despite her frantic struggle, she knew it would be impossible to win when matching her strength against his.
He dragged her to the wall of windows, shoving her to the ground without loosening his hold. She prayed someone had seen, but no one came. In a half-crouch, he dragged her across the grass, still struggling, until they reached the place where the trees met the castle wall. Sophie felt dizzy from fear and adrenaline. Jude’s arm blocked most of her face, making it nearly impossible for her to breathe, and the effort weakened her. 
As he moved them both into the shadows, she felt a sharp jerk and was flung to the ground. She heard a low grunt as Jude collapsed beside her. Her vision blurred as she struggled to inhale, clinging desperately to consciousness.
In an instant, he was back on his feet, twisting in circles and shouting vague obscenities.
“Who’s there?” he shouted, sounding almost delirious. “Demons! Show yourself!”
Sophie lay forgotten on the crumbling forest floor, barely daring to breathe as Lukas stepped cautiously toward Jude, who was beating his fists against the air. Dodging a strike, Lukas seized Jude’s fist and sent him hurtling through the air while connecting another swift blow to his ribs. Jude crumpled forward, sucking in ragged, rasping breaths. His eyes were gaping circles, making him look like a frightened child. Again, Lukas approached him.
“What is this?” Jude was whispering to himself. “What is this?”
Sophie’s head began to spin for a second time as she slowly shifted her body, a wave of nausea seeping over her. The choking weight from Jude’s arm on her face had left small red pinpricks under her eyes, and the blood pounded through her throat with stinging pressure. 
Lukas shoved Jude from behind, sending him face first into the dying brush.
“Sophie, run,” he said, his voice low and rushed. “Now.”
Wanting desperately to do as she was told, Sophie forced herself to stand, willing her eyes open and praying for the strength to move. Jude pushed himself up as she stood, his eyes locked on her face. They narrowed into slits, and he stumbled forward to seize her. She tried to back away, one foot at a time, but she knew it was no use. He would reach her before she had a chance to make it out of the trees. Lukas dove between them, and Jude plunged headlong into his body, slamming it with such force that they both tumbled in a heap. Lukas rose quickly, but this time Jude took longer to recover. He shook his head back and forth, his hands running the length of his face over and over again.
“What is this?” he said again, to no one in particular. “This cannot be real. I will not fall victim to this madness. Coward demon!”
Lukas had moved to stand before Sophie, his hands pressing on her waist.
“You must get inside,” he whispered in her ear.
She nodded. He dropped his hold on her as Jude’s leapt to seize her again and she spun away, heading for the sunlit yard. She did not turn as a piercing crack rang through the air, followed by the sound of a shattering branch, but prayed silently that Jude had finally been rendered still.
Seconds later, she felt hands grip her throat, pulling her backwards. She fell, gasping in surprise, as the fingers dug into her hair, wrenching her back through the boundary of trees. She let out a shriek, earning a fierce tug on her hair in return. She winced as her roots threatened to rip away from the skin.
Lukas lay motionless on the forest floor, blood pooling beneath his slackened jaw. His eyes were softly closed. Sophie tried to call out to him through the pain in her head, but he remained still. A mangled tree limb lay splintered beside him.
Jude pulled her through the brush while she clawed at his hands, trying to wrench herself free. She could hear him muttering to himself, felt his tense body jump at every sound. After what seemed like hours, he dropped his hold, giving her the chance to clamber to her feet and bolt in the opposite direction, but he was too quick. He seized her arms and brought her to face him, his fingers digging into her flesh and muscles like iron clamps. She forced herself not to flinch.
“I need you,” he whispered fiercely. “If you had just come to the church, this would never have had to happen.”
His eyes scanned the forest, wide and fearful. She saw his muscles twitch and vibrate, tensed with anxiety. Each rustle brought on by the gentle breeze sent him shivering violently.
“Quickly,” he continued, “before it comes again.”
He pulled her into the dim sunlight of the front yard, dragging her in the direction of his truck while she protested loudly. He wrenched her close to him, clamping his arm across her mouth to silence her. 
“I understand now,” she heard him mutter to himself. “I know now.” 
She cursed the trees for shrouding every window, and felt a deep dread when she saw the front doors shut tight and not a soul lingering outside. As she struggled, she pictured the inside of the castle, and the joyful excitement bursting through every room as each occupant prepared for the upcoming wedding. Once more, she kicked out at Jude, gratified when her heel connected with his shin and he swore under his breath.
Chapter 14

The inside of his truck reeked of old leather and gasoline. To Sophie’s disgust, after shoving her through the door, he reached deep behind the seat and pulled out a pair of dull and dented handcuffs.
“It will only make this harder on you if you struggle,” he said, his tone like that of a patient father.
Disregarding his words, Sophie flailed her arms and kicked at him until he was forced to climb on top of her, holding the lower half of her body down with his knees, while he struggled her wrists into the cold, metal circles. She jerked her body violently in an unsuccessful attempt to reach the shining handle on the door after Jude slammed it shut. He climbed in beside her, twisted the key in the ignition and shot away from the castle like an arrow from a bow. He took the bend at the end of the driveway with such speed that Sophie was sent flying across the seat and into the hard curve of his shoulder.
“Buckle up,” he said quietly, slowing the truck when they passed under the wide arch and turned onto the main road.
“Why are you doing this?” Sophie panted, her voice coming out stronger than she anticipated.
He cast a sidelong glance at her.
“It’s a long story, and you’ll hear it soon enough.”
Silence fell around them. Sophie held her tongue, despite the anger that boiled within her. It was no use trying to talk to him, and she had little desire to hear his excuses anyway. She could hear him muttering to himself, straining to hear his words. Moments later, he pulled the truck to a stop outside the church. The steps leading to the front doors sat vacant, as they had the last time she had seen them.
Jude slammed his door shut after stepping from his seat, and tapped the hood while he walked to open hers. She did not fight him as he unlocked the shackles on her wrists, knowing it was too late. He gripped her by the wrist, pulling her behind him as he ascended the steps and opened the oversized wooden doors, dropping his hold as soon as they crossed the threshold.
The scent of incense and rich wood invaded her senses and she could see pale red bricks underneath her feet. After a moment, another hand seized her by the arm, its clutch much stronger than the last. She was pulled forward by a tall man in a black robe, grey hair thinning from the top of his head.
“You told me she would be safe,” Jude spoke from behind her. “All you need is her information.”
“She is safe,” said the man holding her wrist. “For now.”
At last, Sophie found her voice.
“What am I doing here?”
“You should know that by now,” the man chuckled, his thick accent drowning the words so that Sophie could barely understand them.
“Please,” she said, trying in vain to tug her arm from his grip. “Let me go.”
“Perhaps, if you are obedient.”
His grip tightened with each tug, and Sophie stopped fighting when the pain of it grew too strong. He pulled her into a large room. Faded light streaming through tall stained-glass windows provided the only illumination.
Rows of pews lined the floor, and they walked between them, heading for the decorated pulpit at the end of the aisle. Every wall was built with thick stones and wide, wooden beams. Sophie would have marveled had the situation been appropriate.
When they reached the low stage of stone and mortar, she glimpsed another figure lurking in the shadows near the wide basin at its edge. The familiarity was shocking, but her mind refused to register why. The woman did not approach her, but her eyes remained glued to Sophie’s face. There was something in them – pity, perhaps – but it was gone in a heartbeat.
Finally, the man released her. She stood motionless and looked at Jude.
“What do you want with me?” she asked, balling her hands into fists and feeling a sear of pain run through her wrist.
“You know what I want,” Jude whispered, but the old man raised his hand for silence.
“You must understand, child,” he said. “We want only answers from you. Unless you fail to give them, in which case, I regret to say,” he paused, “we may have other uses for you.”
“Are you threatening me?” she growled, her eyes narrowing into furious slits. The ever-present anger that had been lurking beneath the surface doubled in intensity, filling her with reckless courage.
“Ludwig,” the woman spoke from her place in the corner, “you swore an oath, and I will not allow you to go back on your word.”
The man in the cloak turned to her, a small smile playing on his withered lips.
“Israyel, my dear,” he said, his voice full of menace. “Do not assume I have forgotten your mistakes. You are responsible for bringing my attention to the presence of the girl, of that I am thankful, but now you must proceed with caution, for I am not a man blessed with patience.”
“Yes, Minister, but-”
He shot her a look so full of spite that her words faltered in her throat and she bowed her head, resembling a reprimanded dog cowering in the presence of its master.
“Can we get on with this,” Jude said, rubbing his hands over his face. “I have things to do.”
“Yes,” Ludwig answered, “yes, let us move on. You,” he pointed at Sophie, “what is your knowledge of the demons, the spirits?”
“I won't answer anything until I know who you are and why you've brought me here,” Sophie replied defiantly, crossing her arms over her chest and pressing her shaking hands into her sides. Despite her fear, she knew she must maintain an illusion of courage. It was her only hope.
Jude laughed quietly, but Ludwig did not. The woman, Israyel, shifted on the edge of the stone platform. Sophie could see her only from the corner of her eye.
“Do you think this is a game,” the old man sneered, his black preacher's robes swirling around his feet as he began to circle her like a hunter would its prey. “I have been watching you. You do not fool me with this false bravery. Tell me, who do you visit in the woods? Is it true they live? Was her burning spell not only a fabrication of wanton storytellers?”
“I don't know who you're talking about.”
Her lie was smothered by the anxious vibration in her voice. She knew she had little chance of convincing him. Nothing in the man's face suggested he trusted her answer and his next question proved her assumption to be true.
“You do,” he said, his voice dropping to a hoarse whisper. “Do not risk your safety to protect these ghosts. They do not deserve your trust. We know the spirits lurk in some form of purgatory. We know the history. The witch my forefathers burned lives on, does she not? Do you choose to trust in demons rather than your own kind?”
She released her hands from beneath her arms and let them fall to her sides, shooting a glare in Jude’s direction. He did not meet her eyes.
“I can't trust anyone, it seems.”
“No,” Ludwig smiled, but it was not friendly, “you cannot. Answer my question. How did you come-”
“I don't know,” she interrupted. “It all happened so fast, I still don't understand any of it. Please tell me why I'm here. If you already knew about the witch and the curse, what use am I to you?”
“You,” he whispered, stepping closer to her and extended a hand, as if to stroke her hair, “are everything.” His body went still as he gazed into her eyes, a mixture of wonder and excitement filled his withering face. “You resemble her.”
“I… what?” Sophie was taken aback by the statement.
“You resemble her,” he repeated, a crooked smile crossing his face. “Your eyes, your hair. Even your lips. They are hers. I did not believe, at first, but now… now, there is hope.”
“I told you from the beginning,” Jude spoke from behind them. “I knew from that first day.”
“Israyel,” Ludwig waved a hand in the direction of the hovering woman, “come forward. Is she not striking in her resemblance?”
Thick black hair rustled around the woman’s shoulders as she stepped tentatively toward the old preacher. Sophie did not stir, but kept her eyes focused on the woman's face. Her expression remained empty, but her breath was shallow and quick. The dark shoes she wore made no sound against the stone platform. She stopped only inches from Sophie's face. After a moment, she cocked her head to the side, her eyes narrowing as she inspected.
“I suppose you could say,” she said softly, “there is some similarity. In the eyes, the most.”
“Similarity to who?” Sophie asked, glancing from the strange woman to Ludwig and, finally, letting her eyes rest on Jude.
He raised his eyebrows at her glance.
“Ziva,” he said, the name causing the preacher to twitch. “The witch, of course.”
For a moment, she did not respond.
“I look like her?” she mumbled to herself, but Jude nodded.
“And your sensitivity to her presence, your ability to see things, as you said. It must be true.”
“What?” Sophie asked, shaking her head in frustration. “What must be true?”
“That her blood is within you,” Ludwig raised his hands in the air in a dramatic gesture. “That you harbor traits of her in your own mind, body and spirit. You are a descendant.”
“A descendant,” she repeated, fighting the urge to laugh. “Are you serious? That's impossible. My family is-”
She stopped, realization striking her silent. The words she looked for would not come, for she knew her family was no longer any use in identifying her bloodline.
Ludwig watched her, his eyes sparkling with excitement.
“You have no family,” he said quietly. “You know that now.”
“How do you know that?” she asked, but the confidence had faded from her voice. Her heart settled in the pit of her stomach.
“I have my ways,” he answered. “Now, returning to the matter at hand. I believe, firmly now, that you are a descendant. This means a great deal to me, for I wish to contact the witch.”
“Contact,” Jude scoffed. “I'd like to burn her a second time.”
“Let us not be hasty,” Ludwig waved away Jude's words. “The time will come when you may make peace. This,” he motioned to Israyel, who stood with her head bowed and her hands clasped behind her back, “is a distant relative of yours. A disappointment to me, but that no longer matters. I have you.”
Israyel shuddered with the force of her sigh, and Sophie felt a twinge of pity.
“I am sorry, Minister,” Israyel whispered. “I tried.”
“Yes, yes, you tried,” he answered, waving her away. “And you failed. You see,” he turned back to Sophie, “she cannot see as you can. She does not sense them the way you do. I believed her lineage would be enough to offer results. It was not meant to be so, however. Her blood has been tainted, perhaps. Or she is simply weak in spirit. Regardless, she is useless.” 
Ludwig pushed the woman away, touching her only with the tips of his fingers, and she sidled back to her previous position, huddled near the edge of the platform.
“If she is what you say,” Sophie said, “then why would she want to destroy her own family?”
“Because she is a demon,” Israyel whispered before Ludwig could answer. Sophie turned her head to look at her, seeing hate-filled eyes glaring back at her. “I do not wish to be seen as her kin. It is insulting.”
“As insulting as being called useless?” Sophie muttered.
Israyel did not answer, and Ludwig let out a low chuckle.
“She has fire in her,” he said to Jude, who nodded once but did not meet Sophie's eyes. “We must act quickly, time is running short.”
Time, Sophie thought, her heart thundering in her chest. She had entirely forgotten that her sister was being married at that very moment, and she was missing it.
“Please, I have to go,” she said quickly. “My sister-”
“You can't go, Sophie,” Jude interrupted, his voice less arrogant than before. “We need you here.”
“Are you serious?” she said, shaking her head in disbelief. “I came halfway across the world to watch my sister get married!”
“She is not your sister,” Ludwig said calmly, a maddening smile on his face.
“Yes,” Sophie responded. “She is. She's the closest thing I have to one, regardless.”
“Do you realize the importance of this? One hundred years we have been waiting to find the one to vanquish this monster from the earth, and you believe that I have any sentiment toward a wedding? One not even performed in my church, must I remind you.”
“I don't give a damn about your church,” she spat. “And I'm not about to help some lying, two-faced, cryptic strangers. Especially after what you did to me today.”
Ludwig sneered again.
“She must be destroyed, Sophie,” Jude spoke, stepping toward her. “You will only be doing what is necessary.”
She stood for a moment, looking at the three strangers and letting her eyes sweep through the church. She had been so keen to explore it since the day they had arrived. Now, though, it looked darkened and sinister – unappealing, even with all its intricacy.
“What did she do that was so terrible?” she whispered. “For you to justify burning her, she must have done awful things. Tell me what they were.”
Jude hesitated, but Ludwig stepped forward, his eyes full of a fire so volatile that her breath caught in her throat. She could feel the raw fury seeping from him.
“She used her beauty as a lure, to ensnare those around her and take them,” he spat the words, “as her own. The moment a drop of affection was displayed, she pounced, like a wild animal, onto their very souls. The documents describe her as a temptress, a seductress so empowered that no man could withstand the temptation.
“They tell of children, forced from their beds, to do her bidding. They speak of men, throwing themselves into the river to their death, of women pulling their hair from the roots in the throes of her power. Only when she reached the sanctuary of the Isa did the documentation cease. It seemed she had been appeased, but that only lasted a short time.”
“But she must have had a child, in all that time,” Sophie said. “If you say I'm a descendant of hers, she had to have had a baby.”
“She did,” he answered. “But like any wild, uncaring beast, she threw it away. A boy, the scrolls say, was brought to the orphanage in the dead of night. Tiny, just born, and still bearing the cord that connected him to life inside the womb. There he was raised, until the time when he began a life of his own.”
“What was his name?”
She did not know where the question came from, nor did she understand her desire to hear the answer, but when Ludwig spoke again she found herself intensely focused on his words.
“Grieg Prust,” he answered.
Her mind went blank, her jaw fell open. Ludwig seemed not to notice her reaction, he continued on with his rant against the witch.
Jude watched her carefully, his eyes narrowing. When she looked up at him, still at a loss for words, he raised his eyebrows, questioning her. Her flurried thoughts would not slow, though she scrambled to make sense of the new information. Ludwig continued, his words coming to her ears as though through thick gauze.
“-they followed his actions, suspicious of where he had come from. It was assumed Ziva was his mother, because of his appearance and the state in which he was abandoned. When he displayed an uncanny ability to sway others to his own desires, their assumptions were confirmed. He bore a child with a young woman from town before disappearing, never to be seen again.”
Sophie thought vaguely of Lukas, of his words the previous night when she had gone to him for comfort.
They found me there, beside the river; dirty, hungry, alone.
She gave her head a sharp shake, blinking the memory from her mind.
“If everything you say is true,” she said slowly, processing her thoughts, “then wouldn't you be satisfied that she is dead now?”
“Satisfied?” It was not Ludwig that answered her, but Jude, and his voice had gone icy with anger. “She is a demon now as much as she ever was. My mother stayed in that castle twenty-seven years ago. She stayed for only a week, but from then on was tormented by nightmares, plagued by shadows and visions. I was just a child, then, I did not understand. Father sent her away, to a special hospital, he said. Sixteen years she suffered the consequences of her stay in that castle until, finally, death gave her relief.”
“How do you know it was the witch?” Sophie asked.
“Don't be a fool,” he responded, giving her a withering look. “I got a taste of what it must have been like for her just now, if you remember. Attacked by a demon – it’s no wonder she went mad.”
The statement grated on her nerves. She had been called a fool too many times to endure it any longer.
“You are the fool,” she said. “Holding on to this plot for revenge for over ten years,” she waved a hand at Ludwig, “a hundred years? It's lunacy. Go ahead and blame her spirit, but you think that gives you the right to use me, like an animal? To hunt me down and lie to me? What purpose could that possibly have served you? The truth may have won me over in the beginning, but you didn't even try. You're a coward.”
“Would you have believed me?” he asked.
She snorted. The sound echoed through the open room, bouncing from the arched ceiling.
“I've believed stranger things in the past week,” she answered.
“Enough,” Ludwig interrupted. “We must go now.”
“Go?” Sophie said. “To the castle? Are you crazy? There are about a hundred people there right now, you can't go.”
“I will not squander my only opportunity to dispose of her. While you are here, I will take advantage.”
Sophie thought it best not to ask what use she might be to them. While he had spoken, an idea struck her.
“I'll still be here tomorrow,” she answered, keeping her voice even. “Most of the guests will be gone by then.”
“It is not worth the risk for me to spare them in this quest. You will flee.”
“I won't,” she raised her chin in boldness. “Just don't ruin my sister's wedding. She doesn't need to know about any of this, no one does. Wait for a day. Just one more day. Please.”
The minister looked over his shoulder at Jude, who gave a small nod, and then turned back to Sophie. His face was drawn, but his voice still maintained its strength when he spoke.
“Tomorrow, then,” he said. “You have this fool to thank.”
Ludwig motioned to Jude before following Israyel as she headed through the rows of pews toward the small room from which they had entered. Sophie followed, trailed by Ludwig and Jude. As she walked, she noticed a mural on the far wall, the image impacting her as she examined it.
A woman stood, two children clutching her hands on either side, her face so full of confidence that Sophie could almost feel the sensation being displaced into her own heart. Before she stepped through the door at the end of the room, she glanced once more toward the woman in the painting. With a final nod and a prod from Ludwig behind her, she stepped over the threshold, a deep sense of responsibility falling on her heart.
When Israyel pulled the heavy front door open, Sophie was pulled to a stop.
“I will let you leave here only in his company,” Ludwig said, pushing Jude forward. “He will ensure you keep your word.”
She started to protest, but thought better of it. There were still ways she might go through with her plan, even with him trailing behind her.
“Sure,” she replied calmly, “if that’s what you think is best.”
With those words, she turned to Jude. He stepped forward, placing one foot outside and turning back to her. With the tiniest of smiles, he extended a hand.
“After you.”
Chapter 15

The halls were silent when they stepped into the castle. Sophie silently prayed that she hadn't missed the entire ceremony. The door closed with a scrape behind them. Without waiting for Jude to follow, she hurried to the closed doors of the wedding hall and pressed her ear against the thick wood, listening carefully. As she listened, the sound of applause erupted from within. She jumped back in surprise and rushed to the side. As she expected, the doors flew open and out pranced Katie, looking startlingly beautiful in her gown and veil, and Brian beaming beside her.
Sophie pressed herself into the wall behind the door, holding her breath and thanking her luck when they went the opposite way. Jude had followed her, but stood in the open, unafraid and unwilling to hide himself from the emerging guests. They waited until there were only a few stragglers carrying on hushed conversation in the hall before following the throng toward the front entrance.
“What are we doing now?” Jude asked, his voice light.
“Don't bother,” she answered, pulling hastily at the straps of her dress and beating out the dried mud with her hands. “There's no point in acting like nothing happened. You're a liar, and I will not ever forgive you for that. Let's just get through the rest of the day. The less we talk to each other, the better.”
“There is no need for this,” he said, catching her arm and pulling her to a stop.
She wrenched from his grasp, giving him a dark glare.
“There was no need for that either,” she said, her hands flying through the air, fueled by anger. “You are no better than any other criminal to me.”
“I had no choice,” he answered, pleading. “Ludwig wanted to speak to you, he has since the day-”
“The first day you lied to me?” Sophie interrupted. Her eyes narrowed as she watched him search for an excuse, but when he opened his mouth to speak, no words came. “That's what I thought,” she went on. “Look, I'm not doing this for you. I thought you were – well, that doesn't matter now. The point is, I've promised to help, and I will. You can stuff your quest for revenge in a hat, for all I care.”
She smiled at the phrase, thinking of Aunt Marilyn, who had said it to her more times than she could count.
“Stuff your excuses in a hat, Sophie Iris, and get on with it.”
Jude did not answer and Sophie turned away, still pulling at her dress and feeling the soft fabric for tears. The delicate folds had held up surprisingly well. She followed the hum of voices coming from the end of the hall. When she stepped into the bustling entrance hall, she was immediately swept away by a pair of hands, pulling her to the front door.
“They're waiting for you,” Aunt Marilyn was whispering, her voice rushed and high, “in the garden.”
“Who?” Sophie asked, shielding her eyes to the bright sunlight outside.
“What do you mean who? They're taking pictures. Over there,” she pointed to a garden near the edge of the front lawn. Sophie could see her sister huddled amidst several others, all smiling and laughing as a photographer circled them. “Go on, I've got to get everyone settled in the reception hall.”
As Aunt Marilyn left, Katie noticed Sophie standing on the landing and waved her over. She turned to speak to Jude, but he was nowhere to be seen. She approached her family, her gaze carefully kept away from her mother, who stood with her father and Brian while the bride and her maids posed for the camera.
“There you are,” Brian called. He strode to her, looking more handsome than usual in his jet black tuxedo. “I didn't see you during the ceremony.”
“Oh,” Sophie said, accepting his embrace and searching her mind for an excuse. “Yeah. I was tucked in the back. It was beautiful, Brian, congratulations.”
He beamed down at her, his eyes shining with happiness. She chanced a look toward her father, but he was staring at the ground while Carol spoke quietly to him, her back to Sophie. After a moment, and several deep breaths, she touched Brian's arm gently to excuse herself and approached her parents.
As she neared him, Tim looked up, his eyes meeting hers. The normally bright green was dull, faded, and Sophie could see the sadness in them. He did not smile as she stopped directly behind her mother, but he did not glance away either. All of her anger was forgotten at the sight of his face and she gave him a small smile, fighting the tears that prickled behind her eyes.
Carol had grown still, her muscles tensing as if she sensed Sophie's proximity.
“Hi,” Sophie said quietly, hoping to keep their meeting quiet and as friendly as possible.
Neither answered, though Tim forced a small smile in her direction.
“What did you think of the wedding?” The question seemed trivial given the circumstances of their last meeting, but Sophie was clinging to a vain hope. She wanted to leave on decent terms, if not for her own sake, then for that of her father.
Carol turned slowly, her eyes grazing the surrounding landscape before landing on her daughter. Her face was a mask of calm, the usual arrogance plastered in the line of her mouth and arch of her brows. Sophie forced her breath to be even, though the old anxiety began to creep through her like a snake.
“It was perfect,” Carol answered, her voice low and menacing. “There was no other option than perfection, for my daughter.”
The words, so typical of her mother and yet so powerful, would normally have made Sophie recoil, but now they only made her smile, as though the power her mother had over her was gone, all ties broken by the harsh words she had spoken.
“She deserves that,” Sophie nodded, turning her eyes to her father. He was watching her, his eyes harboring confusion in their depths. “Dad-” she began, but the photographer approached them, waving his camera with a smile and requesting they join the bride.
The pictures were long and tiresome, but Sophie was proud of herself for carrying them off with a grace she had not known before. She was optimistic that Katie would look back on them with happiness, unaware of the drama or her sister's trouble. Her father did not speak, but smiled when he was asked to smile, perhaps only a less buoyant version of his normal self.
When she was dismissed from the garden, Sophie returned to the castle, but changed her mind before entering the doors, retreating, instead, down the steps and around the corner. When she was out of sight of the garden and its occupants, she stepped into the trees, careful to avoid twisting her ankle on jutting roots and weeds.
“Lukas?” she called quietly, the embarrassment she had once felt at speaking his name to the vacant forest had long since vanished. The familiar scent of sun-warmed leaves and musky damp undergrowth surrounded her, while an unseen animal rustled through the bush beside her.
She waited.
He did not answer her call, though she waited, unwilling to accept his absence. She tried calling his name once more, but knew he would not come. Emerging from the trees, she returned to the castle, feeling lonely and tired, skirting Jude's questions as he caught up with her on the main stairway. She wanted to look for Lukas, to find strength in his presence. Her last memory of him was not promising. Pictures of his still body and the blood covering the forest floor made her heart ache. Before she had time to consider all the possibilities, Wilton approached her with a hesitant smile, looking at her with a mixture of pity and concern.
“Hello, my dear,” he said to her, nodding a silent greeting to Jude. “Are you well today?”
Sophie nodded, taking his hand when he offered it.
“Yes, thank you,” she answered, “much better.”
“I'm so sorry,” he lowered his voice, shooting a swift glance behind them at Jude. He was preoccupied with a small painting, seemingly unaware of their hushed conversation, though Sophie knew better. “I did not mean to overhear last night. What a terrible shock that must have been for you. Is there anything I can do?”
“Really, Wilton,” she answered, patting his hand in gratitude, “I'm okay. It was unexpected, and I was very hurt at the time, but it's not the end of the world.”
His eyes were narrowed when he glanced at her.
“I suppose you were not very close with them,” he said, not as a question but an observation.
“Not these past years,” she shook her head. “But that doesn't matter. I will always consider them my family, no matter what they say.”
“Such strength,” Wilton muttered, shaking his head. “Still, very unfortunate.”
She did not answer, wishing to keep her mind away from the negative thoughts pounding against her trembling wall of positivity. A fear plagued her that once she opened her mind to the reality of her present situation, every ounce of strength and courage would fail her and she would crumble under the weight of it all.
Jude came up behind them then and introduced himself, taking Wilton's attention from Sophie. He motioned subtly toward a vacant room to their left. Hesitant to follow his direction, she glanced into the room before stepping forward, afraid it might be another trap. Instead, she saw her father slouched over on a low sofa, his face buried in his hands and his shoulders heaving.
“Dad?” she asked quietly, forgetting all hesitation and moving to sit beside him.
He jolted at the sound of her voice, hastily wiping his eyes with his fists and clearing his throat.
“S-Sophie,” he greeted her, his voice cracking. “I didn't see you there.”
“Are you okay?” she asked. Her first instinct was to put a hand on his shoulder in comfort, but she resisted, still unsure of where there relationship stood after the previous night.
“I'm fine, kiddo,” he said, forcing a smile onto his face, though his eyes filled with tears. “You? Are you-”
“Dad, I'm alright,” she said, unwilling to let him finish the question. “Please, don't worry about me anymore. It was hard, last night, but I'm not angry with you.”
“Why not?” he asked, tears cascading down his cheeks and dripping from his chin. His lips quivered as he tried to hold back the emotion. “You should be. After all, I was supposed to be the one to protect you, the one to keep you safe. Instead, I took the easy way out. I should have been there for you when you needed me. The day you moved away was one of the hardest days of my life. I shouldn't have let you go without telling you,” he paused, “everything.”
“It doesn't matter anymore,” she said, fighting her own tears. “Aunt Marilyn and Uncle Gus took care of me. Dad, I never wanted to hurt you.”
“Gus,” Tim whispered. “He was not your father. But he did a better damn job than I ever could. I'll never forgive myself, Sophie. I know your mother, she can be cruel. I should have told you when I had the chance. I never wanted it to be like this.”
“Neither did I.”
He looked up at her then, tear-tracks lining his weary face.
“You're still my daughter,” he said, a silent plead filling his eyes. “That hasn't changed.”
A knot formed in Sophie's chest and she swallowed hard.
“I know, Dad,” she said, doing her best to keep her voice even. “It's okay.”
Last night she would have yelled at him. She would have demanded that he explain himself. She would have cursed and screamed and blamed him for all the torment in her life but at that moment all she wanted to do was forgive him. The dejection in his slumped shoulders and sadness in his eyes tore at her heart. She never wanted to rid someone of their sorrow more than she did at that moment, except maybe when Uncle Gus had spoken to her during his last days in the hospital.
Lukas had been right to keep her away.
“Dad,” Sophie said, rising to her feet and pulling him up with her, “there's something I need to do right now, but before I go, I want you to know, really, that I'm okay.”
He looked down at her, grief still shrouding his eyes. When he did not answer, she wrapped her arms around his waist, like she would have done as a child, and the familiar scent of his cologne washed over her.
“I promise,” she said, “I love you.”
He squeezed her gently, kissing the top of her head and heaving a deep sigh.
“Love you too, kiddo.”
With that, she turned away, wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes and fighting back the urge to break down and weep. Jude was waiting for her outside the door, his eyebrows furrowed in concern. She strode past him, nodding shortly.
“Wait here,” she said.
“For what?” he followed her, ignoring her order and making her roll her eyes to the ceiling.
“I need to speak to someone, and I want you to wait here.”
“I'm not supposed to let you out of my sight,” Jude answered, making Sophie stop short and spin around to face him.
“Just leave me alone for a minute, alright?” she hissed, pleased when he stepped back. “Have a little faith. I'm not going to run out on you. I'm not a coward,” she said the words with such spite that he shook his head, letting her walk away.
When she stepped through the boundary of trees just off the courtyard a few minutes later, he was already there, waiting for her. The relief she felt at the sight of him overwhelmed her and she fell gratefully into his arms. He caught her, pressing her against him and let out a low groan.
“Have they hurt you?” he asked quietly.
“No,” she said. “I’m fine. Are you?”
“Yes,” he answered, his voice going cold. “It was a lucky swing. I knew he was part of that foul group. They come into the forest frequently, looking for traces, for clues, I assume. They rarely find anything. Once, they entered my home and assaulted Agatha. Selfish and cowardly, that's what they are.”
“Yes,” she answered, pushing away from him. The breeze had picked up and, in the shadow of the trees, it sent a chill down her spine. “But that's not why I'm here. I want to tell you something. I learned something about the witch from them. They think I'm related to her.”
He hesitated for a moment, his eyes leaving her face and studying the ground as he thought. Suspicion flared and her mouth fell open.
“Did you know?” she asked. “Did you know about Grieg? About me?”
“No,” he answered quickly, raising his hands at the iciness in her tone. “I was not sure but I suspected. I did know that Grieg was her son. There was too striking a resemblance for it not to be true, but he passed long before I had a chance to truly compare them.”
“Why didn't you tell me?” The thought of another person lying to her was too much to bear and she felt a hot anger pound through her veins. This time, she did not stifle it.
“It was not my place,” he said. “I only assumed because of your ability to-”
“See,” she spat, finishing his sentence. “I know. I get it. Don't you think I had a right to know?”
“You had no idea that you were adopted, then,” he answered, his eyes narrowing, but his voice remained soft. “Nor did I. What could I have said to you?”
“And last night? When you did know?”
“You were upset, rightfully so, it was not the right time.”
“So you're a liar, just like the rest of them,” she said, surprised by the vehemence in her voice, but not particularly sorry for it.
“I never lied to you,” he answered, matching her vehemence and stepping forward. “You are acting like a child. I have only tried to keep you safe. And yet, you come here and accuse me of deceit? You have nerve.”
Sophie did not answer. He stood before her, watching her with narrowed eyes, until she sighed and turned away.
“Sorry,” she muttered, her face flushing as she spoke the word.
He did not respond, and for a moment they were left in silence, until Sophie turned back and looked at him with apologetic eyes. With a small smile, he shook his head, looking toward the castle.
“I want to do it tonight,” she said, her voice low. “I told the others I would help them tomorrow, but what they want is not right. I don't trust them.”
His eyes flicked back to her face in shock.
“What did they tell you?”
“Nothing, really,” she shook her head. “I just saw the hunger for revenge in their eyes. I don't want to be a part of that. If I can somehow speak to her and get her to lift your curse, that's all I care about. Their battle is not my battle.”
“Nor is mine,” Lukas said, but his eyes were gentle.
“I want to help you,” she looked away. “I want you to be free of this.”
His feet moved silently against the forest floor as he stepped toward her, and she felt his hands brush her arms, a tingling shock running over her skin at the connection. When he was only inches away, her breath caught in her throat and she closed her eyes. The scent of his hair and his skin lingered around her, but it was his voice that made her muscles turn to liquid.
“Thank you,” he whispered. “Long years I have been waiting, though I could never have expected anything like this. You have a power that even Ziva would marvel at,” he chuckled. “Aggie believes you were sent to tame my anger, to teach me humility.”
Sophie balked at his words.
“I don't have any power,” she said. “And, if you haven’t noticed, I’m no good at controlling my own anger anymore. Besides, there's still a lot for me to do, so don't get your hopes up.”
“You are stronger than you believe,” he answered.
“Lukas,” she whispered, allowing the vulnerability to saturate her voice. “I'm afraid.”
He squeezed her arms, pulling her into an embrace. His breath rustled her hair as he spoke, and she relished in the comfort that came from his arms wrapped around her.
“Trust in your ability,” he said. “If you believe it is possible, it will be possible.”
“What will happen to you, if she lifts the curse?”
She felt him shrug but did not pull away to look at his face.
“That,” he said quietly, “is a mystery.”
“Will you die?”
“Perhaps.”
Turning her head so that her face was pressed into his chest, she inhaled the scent of him into her lungs.
“I don't want you to die,” she mumbled. The memory of speaking those same words to her uncle, only days before she lost him forever, surfaced, and she heard the echo of his deep laugh and the words he had said.
I don't want you to want me to die.
“Sophie,” Lukas whispered, but she pushed away from him, straightening her dress and blinking back the tears.
“I'm going to find her, sometime tonight,” she said, forcing calm into her voice. Lukas gazed at her for a moment before nodding his head. “Be ready,” she added, “for anything.”
“Be strong,” he replied, watching her turn her back. When she stepped through the trees, the sunlight bouncing from her dark hair, he ran a hand through his hair and sighed. “Be careful.”
Chapter 16

“What a wonderful night,” Aunt Marilyn sighed, leaning back into her chair.
Sophie folded her hands on the table, her eyes stuck on the flickering candle floating in the wide basin of the centerpiece. The white tablecloth was splattered with red wine and bits of the four course dinner they had enjoyed throughout the night.
Jude stretched his arms over his head, letting out a low groan.
“It's starting to clear out,” he said quietly, nudging Sophie with his elbow. “How're you holding up?”
“Hm?” she murmured, her mind foggy as she stared, unfocused, at the light of the flame.
Aunt Marilyn snorted with laughter, her half-full wine glass teetering on the table.
“Earth to Sophie,” she said, leaning toward her niece with a smile. “Had too much wine, have you?”
“Just thinking,” she murmured.
The truth was, she was preoccupied with the anticipation of what was to come. The flame kept her mind calm, soothing her senses, and giving her the relaxation she needed to keep focused. Jude nudged her again, and she looked up at him, her eyes still glossy and unfocused. Before he had a chance to question her, Wilton sauntered over, a glass of wine in hand and a smile on his face.
“What a party,” he exclaimed, taking a seat beside Aunt Marilyn and raising his glass in a toast before emptying the remainders. “Good kids, those two. Beautiful couple.”
“They are, aren't they,” Aunt Marilyn answered. “They will have a happy life together, I'm sure of it.”
“Yes,” he nodded, “I agree.”
Sophie watched her aunt sneak glances at the man beside her. A smile crossed her face as she thought of the potential, but she quickly snuffed it out, her uncle's face in her mind. Her aunt was not ready, she told herself. She must be imagining the chemistry between them.
Glancing at his watch, Jude gave one more stretch and rose to his feet.
“Leaving so soon?” Aunt Marilyn said, her eyes wide. She gave Sophie a meaningful stare. With the knowledge of her upcoming betrayal, Sophie was hesitant to follow Jude to the door. Another nudge from her aunt, however, got her up from her chair and through the hall door.
“You're very quiet tonight,” he said, letting her catch up as he strode through the corridor.
“I have a lot to think about,” she answered.
She had decided to keep her answers short, believing the less she said, the less likely she would be to arouse suspicion.
“Yes, I suppose you do,” he mused, letting her lead the way down the winding stairway at the far end of the castle. “Any thoughts you would like to share?”
“Not particularly,” she said quietly.
He glanced at her from the corner of his eye.
“Have you forgiven me for deceiving you?”
“You mean for assaulting and abusing me? No,” her voice was sharp, the nerve of his question making her seethe.
As they rounded the final corner that would lead them into the front hall, he sighed.
“I never meant to hurt you,” he said. “I hope you know that. It was purely for the sake of the quest.”
“The quest?” she repeated.
“It may sound comical to you, but it is a very serious matter to me. This spirit stole my mother.”
A twinge of guilt threatened to break Sophie's carefully constructed facade, but she managed to get through the doorway without another word. He followed her into the room, watching as she sat to remove her shoes and massage her sore feet. After a quiet moment, he asked to shower and she nodded, trying to keep her skittish nerves from showing.
When she heard the water turn on, she threw on her worn sandals and turned to leave.
It's now or never, she thought.
As she hurried through the halls, unsure of where to begin, her mind slowed, the impending task becoming surprisingly clear to her. Though she was still fearful of the witch and her power, she knew the outcome of her efforts would be dependent upon her ability to remain calm and focused, even in the face of something she could not possibly understand.
“Sophie,” a voice called from behind her. The sound of it made her heart lighten.
She turned, unable to stop the smile from spreading across her face.
“Rausch,” she said. “You're just in time.”
“Time?” he asked, striding toward her from his perch on a deep windowsill. “You cannot mean-”
“I'm going,” she said simply.
His eyes widened at the words and for a moment neither of them spoke. Then, he approached her with one hand raised.
“I will aid you,” he said quietly. “No matter what the cost.”
Too tired to argue, Sophie nodded.
“I need somewhere quiet,” she said. “Secluded. Somewhere I know, no matter what, we won't be found.”
As she spoke, the memory of the room in the turret flashed in her mind. Piles upon piles of dust-covered ornaments, books and furniture swam before her eyes and she tottered on the spot, amazed at her own stupidity.
“Of course,” she whispered.
Her first encounter with the witch had been in that room and something within her approved of the idea that their final meeting should be there as well. Before Rausch had a moment to speak, she was off in the direction of the conservatory. His footsteps echoed from the walls as he struggled to keep up with her.
As she ran, her thoughts flitted between what she would say, if she could say anything at all, and what would happen if she found a way to break the curse. The option of death for the ones that had recently become her friends was one she could not fathom to believe, but in her heart she knew it was a possibility. She heard Rausch's heavy breathing behind her and slowed, waiting for him to match her pace.
“The tower,” he said as he hobbled alongside her. “Is that your destination?”
“Yes,” she answered. “It's likely to be one of the only places where I won't be disturbed.”
“Many things reside there,” he said, his voice low. “Are you certain it is the only place?”
“What things?” she asked. 
Stopping short, she looked at him with her eyes narrowed. Her mind rejected the idea of more impossible entities lurking in the castle. He shook his head at the insinuation in her voice.
“Not in that sense,” he said. “Stored in that room are Annka's belongings. I have taken great care to preserve them, and I fear a confrontation may result in their destruction. Could we not use my quarters?”
“No,” she answered softly, shaking her head. “It's not secret.”
“No one has disturbed me in many years,” he countered, but Sophie shook her head again, silently.
Aunt Marilyn had been down that hidden corridor and she would not risk being caught, even in the dead of night.
“It's the only way,” she said softly.
With that, they entered the conservatory, its walls ensconced with towering plants and vines, and headed for the almost invisible crack in the wall. Before, Sophie had trespassed there only out of curiosity and she wished silently that her current venture was as innocent. When she had pushed the thick leaves of the potted bush from her path and squeezed through the tiny opening, a hand gripped her from behind and she let out a small squeak before being thrown against the hard stone stairs. Rausch called out in surprise, but her attacker had blocked the entrance and was looming over her, his blue eyes full of malice.
“You dared to call me a liar,” Jude snarled. Sophie cringed at the depth of anger in his voice. His long hair was wet, and she could see the spots where water had soaked through his shirt on his shoulders and chest.
“Wait, Jude, I can-”
“I knew you would betray us,” he cut her off, answering the unfinished question. “From the moment you begged for more time in the church, I knew. You mean to destroy her on your own, leaving me nothing but regret.”
“No,” Sophie held up a hand, but he slapped it away. The force of the contact left her fingers tingling and her skin reddened. “I only want to help the others,” she continued, “I don't care what you do with her then.”
“I don’t believe you,” he said, his anger wavering. “There are none who lurk here worth helping. You called me a coward, but this is the ultimate cowardice. Why not stand up and fight for the living instead of wallowing with these cursed and dead?”
“That is your fight,” she answered, pushing herself up, “not mine. I am only trying to help them, and nothing else.”
When she turned to ascend, he seized her shoulder, his strong fingers digging into her collarbone and making her gasp in pain. Struggling to free herself from his grip, she spun around and pushed hard against his chest. He stumbled back, colliding with the stone wall behind. Rausch had only just entered the space, leaping to the side before Jude's body could crush him, and he rushed to Sophie's side.
“Run,” he whispered, “go now, find her. I will keep him here as long as I am able.”
Before she could argue, he turned back to Jude, who was rubbing his head and mumbling silent curses.
“Go, Sophie,” he said again, just as Jude charged forward. Sophie watched with wide eyes as Rausch raised a hand, catching Jude by his left shoulder and sending him spinning to the floor.
Jude spluttered in surprise, his eyes frantically searching the vicinity, glancing over Rausch without awareness of his presence.
“Who is here?” he thundered, his eyes locking with Sophie's. “Where are you?”
She did not answer, but turned and ran, taking the steps three at a time before reaching the landing and pushing hard on the thick wooden door. The cluttered room was entirely dark, save for the few slivers of moonlight that penetrated the narrow windows. With the sound of Jude colliding, once again, with the walls at the base of the stairs, Sophie shut the door behind her and held her breath, the darkness making her eyes strain and the silence pounding on her eardrums.
She knew how to call the witch to her, but hesitated, fearful of the consequences. After a minute and when the scuffle at the base of the stairs had gone silent, she stepped forward.
“Lukas,” she whispered, the name floating from her lips.
The reaction was almost instantaneous. A flurry of pages to her right went soaring into the air as the rush of wind erupted around her. Gradually, the whispering she could hear only faintly beneath the whirling air grew louder. As the sound increased, so did the sensation of tightness around her chest and throat. Panic threatened to rear its head as she sucked in breaths, trying to inhale as deeply as possible to counter the crushing weight that had come to rest on her airway.
“Z-Ziva,” she gasped, her struggles for breath becoming fruitless as tiny spots erupted in her vision. The name sounded foreign, her voice wavering and rasping as she spoke, but the choking sensation lessened almost imperceptibly.
As she gulped mouthfuls of musty oxygen, Sophie forced her mind away from the pain and focused on forming words.
“I n-need your h-help,” she wheezed, the effort of speaking making her throat ache.
With those words, a formidable amount of pressure was released from her lungs and she doubled over in gratitude, the force of her breath causing a whistling in her throat. The flashes of white light in the corners of her eyes began to slow as she stood up, hands on her heaving chest, and she took a shaking step into the room.
Her breath, though still constricted, slowed as she stood silently amongst the priceless clutter. The burst of wind had gone, leaving scattered papers over her path. If not for the remarkable tightness in her throat, Sophie may have wondered if the spirit still lingered in the room.
Speak, her mind whispered, reminding her that, despite her fear, she had a promise to fulfill.
“Please,” she said quietly, her voice still hoarse with effort, “I know what you've suffered through. I'm not here to harm you, I just need answers.”
All remained silent. Briefly, Sophie thought of Aggie and Lukas, living together and communicating only by the use of pen and paper.
“Is there any way you can communicate with me?” she asked, feeling hopeful.
In an instant, the crushing pressure redoubled in strength and she clutched at her throat, her mind reaching for the only piece of information it could find and forcing it to be vocalized with the last remaining dredges of oxygen in her lungs.
“I'm... we... family,” she choked.
Her body felt as though it were being lifted from the ground, supported only by her throat and windpipe. As her vision blurred and her head swam, she sank to her knees on the floor. With one last burst of energy, one final attempt before succumbing to darkness, Sophie mustered every ounce of strength and breath within her and uttered a name she hoped would strike a chord with the witch, knowing that if it did not she may never wake from unconsciousness.
“Grieg,” she breathed.
The effect was instantaneous; all at once she could breathe and see. The unbearable weight had lifted from her chest and she leaned forward to put her hands on the floor in front of her. She sucked in a lungful of air and felt her skin begin to tingle. The sensation continued to build as she watched the room around her swim and vibrate, her eyes growing heavy and unfocused. Before long, her arms were shaking with the effort of keeping her body upright and she sank to the floor. Pressing a cheek into the coldness of the stones beneath her, Sophie closed her eyes.
“What is happening?” she whispered, her tongue so heavy that she could barely form the words.
“Your blood is mine,” a voice answered. The sound did not come from somewhere in the room, but from within her own mind, and she clenched her eyes shut at the volume that threatened to overwhelm every one of her senses. “Let me in. I repent. I will aid you. I will release them from that which binds them. Let me in.”
Sophie could not answer, her consciousness was waning, but she tried to submit. Though the voice was not threatening – sounding vaguely like a mother would while coercing her child to greet a stranger – she could hear the strength in its volume and fought against the swimming blackness wading over her. Her strength failed as she lost her last grip on reality, reluctantly falling into the hollow of unconsciousness. The last words she heard, as though spoken through thick mud, made her yearn for control and feel a fleeting dread of what would come.
“Trust me.”
Chapter 17

The walls were smooth and straight, the floor solid underfoot. The haze that plagued the air and stifled sound and light had vanished. Every inch of the surrounding room was crystal clear. The door swung silently at her touch and she watched the unfamiliar fingers as they pressed against the crumbling wood, a smile crossing her face. Each step was fulfilling, drawing her closer to freedom. Letting her fingers trace the inside wall as she navigated the winding stairway, she heard a quiet scuffle ahead.
“Get away from me,” an unfamiliar voice whispered.
No answer came, but the sound of exerted breath met her ears. Rounding the final curve, she saw the source of the noise, her smile widening at the sight of the familiar form, his arms outstretched in an effort to hinder the progress of another.
“Rausch,” she breathed, the name rushing from her like a sweet breeze, though the voice was high and foreign to her ears.
He spun in surprise, the minute of hesitation allowing the other man to rush past him, knocking into her in his haste to ascend the stairway.
“Sophie,” Rausch said in surprise, his eyes following Jude's form as he disappeared around the curve in the stairway. “Are you alright? I was not expecting-'
“All is well,” she answered, satisfied that he did not suspect her. “Let us depart this place. Come, follow me.”
“Wait,” he made to grab her by the arm, but she pulled away. His eyes narrowed, though he followed her through the opening and into the darkened conservatory.
“We must find the others now,” she said quietly. “Where is Fantir?”
“I do not know,” he answered. “I assume he has retired for the night. Were you able to contact her?”
She was already heading for the exit, ignoring his question. He followed, struggling to keep up with her wide strides.
“We haven't much time,” she said.
Following the halls until she reached the familiar double wooden doors of Fantir's chamber, she laid a hand upon the surface. Many times she had wandered the halls in the dead of night to reach his room, though in those days it had been less exciting to her than at that moment. Then, it was only to placate his affection. She had much more at stake now, despite the outcome of her previous ventures.
Casting a glance behind her at the man who had sold her to the religious authorities, an upsurge of resentment rose in her throat like vomit. He deserved the suffering she had laid upon him, of that she was sure. Had it not been for her own unexpected imprisonment along with him, she would have never considered taking it back.
“Sophie?” he asked, shocked by the harsh expression in her eyes.
She cringed at the name, knowing that it was the girl she now embodied, and she felt the impulse to reveal herself. Turning instead to the door, she rapped it briskly with her knuckles.
Without waiting for an answer, she placed a hand on the locked handle and closed her eyes. After a second it clicked quietly and she swung it open, grateful for her blood flowing through the girl's veins and with it the ability to conjure her own craft. Rausch remained silent behind her, feigning ignorance, but his suspicions had been confirmed by that careless display of power.
The room was dark, the dim light of the moon melting through the thin drapes illuminated only a slim portion. Shadows were painted over the walls and floor, the stone fireplace looking ominous in the dark.
“Where are you hiding, my dear?” she whispered, entirely forgetting Rausch's presence. He froze at the words, his hands balling into fists, but did not dare to speak for fear of summoning her anger.
Though Sophie's long, dark hair washed over her back and her now familiar shape stood tense with anticipation, he knew now that her mind no longer chose her actions. The way in which her shoulders hunched uncharacteristically and her feet swept long strides along the floor told him it was true, even without the words that gave her away. He could see Fantir's still form on the bed at the far end of the chamber, but did not say a word.
“Sleeping, are we?” she cooed, hastening toward the bed with Rausch hot on her heels. “Time to wake, we have a task to complete.”
As she prodded him with a stiff finger, Rausch stepped forward and seized her other arm.
“What have you done?” he demanded, spinning her to face him. Her eyes widened momentarily, but she recovered with haste and glared into his face.
“Do not touch me, traitor,” she hissed. “If you desire freedom, you will allow me space to work. If not, crawl back to your hiding place and leave me in peace.”
“The girl,” he started to argue, but she raised her hands in warning.
“The girl is not my concern, nor is she yours. I needed only her connection to me to claim my freedom. Have I attempted previously? Oh, yes. Each time a bitter failure. And then she arrived here, and I knew directly. It was not a lack of  power, no, but that I needed a bridge between myself and the living. It was her blood, my blood, our ancestry that would give me success. I knew it just as well as Fantir, but I suppose it slipped his mind?”
Rausch's eyebrows raised and he opened his mouth to speak, but no words came. Closing it, he shook his head.
Ziva laughed.
“No, I suspected it was our secret.”
With that, she turned and shook Fantir so violently by the shoulder that he shot up in bed with wide eyes, stuttering in semi-consciousness.
“Who is there?” he gasped, blinking the sleep from his eyes. “Rausch? Sophie? What do you mean by this?”
“Be calm now,” she hushed, stroking his disheveled hair with a soft hand. “There is nothing to fear.”
“Fear?” he repeated, his eyes following her hand as she moved it from his hair to rest on his leg. “What has happened?”
“Fantir-” Raush began, stepping forward.
Before he could go further, Ziva turned to him and pressed a hand into his chest. His words were censored, the oxygen in his lungs stifled. He spluttered and retched, gripping her fingers in vain before sinking to the floor. She released him, spitting a string of obscenities while he wheezed on the floor. Fantir watched them, his eyes growing wide.
“Ziva?” he whispered, his eyes tracing the lines of Sophie's body, the length of her hair and shape of her eyes. “What have you done?”
The question, the same one Rausch had posed not long before, caused her to flail her arms through the air and cry out in frustration.
“Done! Done! What have I done? Must I explain? I have returned to you, at great risk to myself. Did you not wish for me to return? Do you not relish the thought of freedom, of clarity and unbounded range? What I have done will allow me to give you that. Ask me that question again, my dear friends, and I will leave you to rot amidst your own blithering ignorance.”
“What will happen to the girl?” Rausch asked, pushing himself from the floor. He fought the urge to cringe when she rounded on him again, instead standing straight and raising his chin in defiance.
“We shall soon find out,” she answered. “But for now, we must leave this place.”
“I have not left in eternities,” Fantir whispered.
“No,” she answered, turning to grip his arm and pull him from the bed, “because you did not have me.”
They exited the room, walking single file through the halls, Ziva leading the way with her arms held rigid by her sides. The halls remained dark and empty, not a whisper of movement aside from their own quiet steps. Through the entrance they went, the two men slowing as they approached the front doors. Ziva did not falter, stepping up to the thick wood and placing her hands on their solid surface. Her head bowed, but she did not speak a word. They watched for a moment, hardly daring to breath and unsure of what to expect, but she turned back to them with a smile and motioned for them to follow.
The scent of night and a soft spring breeze brushed their faces as they brought their feet right up to the threshold, both pausing at that point. Ziva exited without hesitation, and was now strolling through the moistened grass. Fantir turned to Rausch, who did not remove his gaze from the witch.
“I fear this will end badly,” he said quietly. “For all of us. She was never meant to return.”
“You knew there was a way,” Rausch answered, shaking his head. “Should she not have been warned? Should I not have been warned?”
“I suspected, and I did try to warn, but I did not want to frighten her.”
“Frighten her?” Rausch scoffed, thinking of Sophie and her calm acceptance of their impossible situation. “She is stronger than you believe, Fantir, but now we cannot help her. Her death will be on your hands. You will know what guilt is, then.”
Fantir nodded slowly, silently raising a foot and pushing it through the doorway. His breath came out in a rush when it slid through the opening with ease, and he leaned forward, hands extended, and let his body be engulfed by the night air.
“Incredible,” he whispered to himself, turning his hands over in the air and raising his face to the sky.
Rausch followed, but did not stop to revel in their freedom. He passed Fantir, descended the stairs and traced Ziva's steps through the grass, coming to a stop where she waited at the edge of the trees. The breeze did little to stifle the heat that had risen in his face, but neither of the others seemed to notice his anger.
“But a small taste of air and I can see the longing in your face,” Ziva noted, her eyes narrowed. She tossed back her head and gave a loud laugh, sounding more like a screech owl than a human to Rausch's ears.
“Why wait,” Fantir demanded, spreading his arms wide. “Set me free, remove me from these binds. I have waited long enough already. Or are you speaking false?”
“Do not insult me,” she spat, turning away. “I have more to discuss before this can be done.”
The two men followed her as she paced through the underbrush, navigating the darkness with an ease and grace they could not mimic. As the ground broke and crunched beneath their feet, a dull hum began in their ears.
Rausch shifted his glance around, but the darkness was complete. Fantir groaned quietly in front of him as his shin hit a low lying branch. Despite their struggles, Ziva maintained her pace and the hum grew louder as she walked. Soon, the sounds of their footsteps were drowned out entirely by the vibration of the air, and they tread carefully, fearful of the source.
The witch, in her borrowed body, faded in and out of sight. Her pace quickened and they fell behind. Rausch called out to her but no answer came, as the outline of her dark form disappeared from view entirely. Fantir stopped, turning in a full circle before raising his arms and bellowing her name.
“It is no use,” Rausch muttered, rubbing the back of his calf. A branch had leapt from the ground and pierced his skin, but the cut was shallow. “She has gone too far and is much too focused on what lies ahead. We are nothing but baggage.”
“Baggage,” Fantir muttered, so low that Rausch could not hear over the hum. After a moment, he threw up his hands. “What is this confounded noise?” he cried, raising his face toward the treetops.
Rausch did not answer, but shook his head. The sound was swelling in his ears, making it difficult for him to concentrate on anything but putting one foot in front of the other, passing Fantir as he tried to follow Ziva through the black.
After a few minutes, he heard voices ahead of him, hushed, but not far.
“What has happened, Sophie?” he heard a man say, though the voice sounded different than when he had heard it last.
“Lukas,” Ziva purred, the name seeping from her lips like thick oil.
As Rausch neared them, he saw a dull light coming from the windows of a tiny cottage not far behind. It illuminated their forms enough for him to see their outlines, but their faces were entirely hidden in shadow.
“Tell me,” Lukas was urging her, stepping forward. Rausch was too disconcerted by his sudden appearance to intervene.
Ziva reached a hand up to stroke his face, and for a moment Lukas stood still as stone. Then, he seized her wrist and leaned forward.
“Ziva,” he hissed. “You foul traitor. If only your black soul had burned along with the tainted body that housed it. Do not touch me again, I despise you.”
“Harsh words, my love,” she cooed, letting her arm drop as he released her. “Certainly you would not feel the same if I told you I have come to set you free?”
“Free?” he scoffed. “You defile the body of an innocent girl, coming here with false sorrow in your eyes, and for what? Lies? More lies? If it is freedom you promise, then produce it. Otherwise, your words mean nothing more to me than they ever have.”
Rausch stepped forward then, opening his mouth to speak, but a flash of light erupted in his vision and he stumbled forward, pain searing from his throat to his knees.
“Do not approach us, old man,” Ziva spoke over the ever-present noise. “You are not welcome.”
“Rausch,” Lukas gasped, moving away from the witch. “How is this possible?”
“I make everything possible,” Ziva interrupted, watching with narrowed eyes as Lukas put a hand under Rausch's arm and helped him to his feet. “And I can make it impossible, if I so choose.”
She raised her arms and the hum grew louder, impossibly loud, making both men hold their ears as it threatened to burst through their eardrums. She only laughed as she watched them, scowling at Fantir who emerged into the small pool of light with his hands covering his head.
“Not long now,” she said, dropping her arms as the noise faded only slightly. “That is the sound of your lives fading. You have stepped through the boundary I set, and have only a fixed time to walk free. We must hurry, now, or a fouler curse awaits you.”
“Speak, witch,” Lukas said angrily, grabbing her arm once more as she attempted to pass him. “Say what you have come for.”
She glanced down at his hand clutching her arm, then back up into his face. Her body had gone rigid, but Rausch heard her breath quicken.
“Only for you,” she whispered. “I come for nothing but this.”
With those words, she pulled him closer to her, grasping his shoulders with both hands and forcing her mouth against his. He struggled for a moment, growling with displeasure while Fantir echoed the sentiment with a growl of his own. His anger only made her fiercer and she pulled at the sides of his shirt, forcing his body against hers as he tried to pull his face away without injuring Sophie's body. Breaking away from her, he stepped back with his hands raised and his breath heaving.
“Is that all?” he managed to say through his anger.
“If only you had loved me as I did you,” she answered, “you could have saved your friends a century of torment. Instead, you loved another, though she was weak and timid. You deserved better.”
Lukas's face was expressionless, his hands loose at his sides. His anger was smothered by a new emotion and he smirked at her words.
“You have no power over me,” he said quietly. “Your words mean nothing.”
“They mean something to me,” Fantir interrupted, stumbling forward and gripping the hem of her dress. “I have loved you since the moment you arrived on my doorstep. Every minute I spent away from you was tortured and painful. These hundred years were nothing compared to the devastation I felt upon your death.”
Ziva pulled away, her face twisted in a grimace.
“Slither away, worm,” she spat, “for you are less than nothing to me.”
He slunk forward, shoulders hunched, as though he had been whipped and beaten. Rausch felt a pang of sympathy, but did not speak.
“You spoke of freedom,” Lukas said, “that is all I wish for you to explain. If you desire it, if you possess the power to grant it, then do so. I will give you forgiveness in return.”
Her eyes lit up at his words and she moved to seize his hands, but he pulled away.
“Freedom, first,” he said, his eyes narrowing. “I am no fool.”
She nodded slowly, opening her mouth to speak and raising her hands. The hum rose to a piercing pitch, every ounce of energy in the forest vibrated under its power. The three men stood silently, enduring the painful noise with bated breath.
Ziva spoke quickly under her breath, the words drowned by the fierce noise. Her eyes were closed, her palms raised toward the sky.
A shudder went through the group, unexpectedly, and Rausch let out an audible gasp at the sensation. Lukas turned his head toward the cottage, hoping the noise would not rouse Aggie. Thankfully, the curtains were still and the only light came from the window nearest the door. She was nowhere to be seen.
“Something is-” Fantir spluttered, but his voice went quiet, drowned by the rush of wind and the howl of the air whipping through the branches.
Lukas looked down at his own hands, a piercing tingle running over his skin. It seemed they were fading. Despite the darkness, he could see the solidity that once was his body becoming weaker.
“Ziva,” he whispered, glancing back at the witch. Her hands were still outstretched and her eyes closed, but she had stopped speaking. “Will death come now?”
He watched for an answer, but she did not stir. Rausch had been thinking the same as his body erupted in burning gooseflesh and his eyes began to grow weary. The wind grew still, the hum replaced by nothing but the soft birdsong of an early riser.
“Lukas,” Rausch said, daring to step forward. “Are you alright?”
“Do not trouble over me,” he replied, giving the old man a small smile but not removing his eyes from the witch. Sophie's body had begun to tremble and he worried more for her than the spirit that had seized her – even less for himself. “Keep still, Rausch, my friend. She has not finished, yet.”
Ziva raised her face to the sky, her eyes flying open and a wide smile crossing her face. Her hands raised further upwards, a sense of triumph and victory emanating from her. Lukas stepped forward, but as he did she let out a shriek of laughter and convulsed violently before crumbling in a heap on the sodden forest floor.
“Ziva!” Fantir cried, rushing forward.
“Sophie,” Lukas whispered at the same time, arriving at the crumpled body first and cradling her neck in his hand.
Her face was ashen and vacant, her eyes gently closed. No breath came to raise her chest, no sign of pulse flashed in her throat. Lukas leaned over her, anger and sorrow battling for a place in his heart.
“No,” he heard Rausch whisper, “no, it cannot be. She cannot be-”
“Where has she gone?” Fantir interrupted, flailing miserably, running from tree to tree. “She cannot have left me alone here.”
As he began shouting the witch's name, a sliver of light poured out from the cottage behind. Lukas heard her gasp and hurried footsteps before Aggie reached him and began pummeling his shoulders with her small fists.
“Who are you?” she screeched, pulling him from Sophie's side. Her strength surprised him and he did not resist her. “Get away from her! Oh my god. What have you done? What have you done?”
“Aggie,” he said quietly, raising both hands in surrender.
Her eyes widened in shock. Her mouth fell open, a string of broken sounds coming from it as she scanned her surroundings, taking in Rausch and Fantir before locking her eyes on Sophie's limp form. She brought her eyes back to Lukas and, though they were still wide with shock, raised a hand to point at him.
“L-Lukas?” she whispered.
He nodded and she gasped again, both hands flying to her mouth. Her head shook continuously as she watched him step toward her.
“It's alright,” he said quietly. “Please. Do not be afraid. I need your help now, more than I ever have. I cannot let her die, Aggie. Not for this. You must help me.”
Aggie lowered her hands, giving him a resigned nod as her eyes filled with tears.
“Whatever you need,” she said. “I'll do it.”
Kneeling beside her once more, Lukas swept a strand of hair from Sophie's face and bent close.
“You will not die for me,” he whispered, sweeping one arm under her neck and the other beneath her bent knees. He lifted her easily, carrying her past Fantir who watched with tears flowing silently down his face. Rausch followed, head bent, as though taking part in a funeral procession.
Before he reached the open door of his cottage he heard the sound of frantic footsteps thundering through the brush and within moments was assaulted from behind.
“Who the hell are you?” a man yelled, shoving Lukas so violently that he quite nearly fell. “Put her down, you filthy bastard.”
At once, Lukas recognized the voice. He ignored it, stepping through the doorway and placing Sophie gently on the sofa in the living room. Once he had settled her, he turned back. Fire burned in his eyes as he moved to stand in front of Jude, who cowered slightly at the force of his anger.
“If you care for her at all,” he said quietly, using every ounce of his remaining strength to keep from strangling the man before him, “you will find a way to help her.”
“I want the spirit,” Jude stammered, looking from the sofa where Sophie lay to Lukas towering over him. “What have you done with her?”
“She is gone,” he answered simply. “I suggest you follow her lead, unless you wish me to assist you.”
“D-dead?” Jude muttered. Lukas nodded. “And Sophie?”
Lukas did not answer. His heart sank at the sight of her gaunt face, but he straightened his shoulders and glared down at Jude.
“I will not allow it.”
Rausch and Aggie had moved to kneel beside her, the old man gripping her lifeless hand hopelessly. Fantir did not enter the cottage, but remained standing in the darkness outside, grief his only remaining company.
Chapter 18

Wind whipped at her face, sending her hair dancing over her cheeks and neck, and she raised her closed eyes to the bright light pounding heat over her skin.
“Sophie,” she heard a voice call from far away. “Sophie.”
Familiarity struck her as she listened to the voice calling, and though she wanted to turn and respond, she could not bring her muscles to obey.
“Sophie,” the voice called again, and she tried to open her mouth to respond, but it would not move.
The pleasant weightlessness she had enjoyed a moment before suddenly became stifling as she struggled to gain control of her body. The voice grew nearer, the familiarity still sending whispers of a memory through her mind. Losing the will to struggle, she simply waited for it to approach her.
After a moment, a cold hand gripped hers and squeezed hard. She wanted to return the sentiment, but could not.
“Oh, Sophie,” she heard the deep voice say, felt the brush of cold fingers along her forehead. “You shouldn't be here, sweetheart. You shouldn't be here.”
Confusion racked her as she listened. The light began to fade behind her eyelids, the warmth retreating from her skin.
“That's right, baby, go home. Go back. I love you too much to want to see you here now.”
Suddenly, every memory flashed into place and her heart leapt at the sudden recognition.
Uncle Gus, her mind screamed, though her body did nothing in response to her excitement. She wanted nothing more than to see his face, to feel more than the cold brush of his skin on her hand. Her desire brought the light back to her, its strength doubled in intensity.
“No, Sophie, no,” he whispered. “Go home now. They need you there. It's too soon, honey.”
Sophie struggled against the darkness that crept into the corners of her eyes, to maintain a grip on the feel of her uncle's hand in hers, but it was fading fast.
“Be strong, Sophie,” she heard him whisper, though it was far away and muffled. “Forgive and love deeply. You'll always be the most important thing in my life, sweetheart. I'll miss you always, but stay away. Stay away a long time.”
And then darkness engulfed her, sweeping over her body like a thick blanket and blocking every ounce of light and sound. The weight of her limbs pressed into a soft surface, but they felt as though they had been filled with lead and mortar. No sounds met her ears, though the light grew brighter by the second. She felt her muscles twitch, her fingers convulsed and her eyes fluttered.
A muffled cry reached her through the silence, but she was focused on moving her previously paralyzed limbs. Her eyes fluttered again with the effort. Letting them open a slit, she was surprised to be surrounded by near darkness, though the light had blinded her only moments before. Blurred figures surrounded her and she could still feel the cold grip of someone's hand on hers.
“Uncle Gus,” she muttered, her heart racing at the sudden memory of his touch.
“She's alive!” a woman's voice shouted from nearby. Sophie cringed at its volume.
“Sophie,” another voice whispered, familiar to her, and she opened her eyes further to discover the source, her hopes plummeting when it did not belong to her uncle.
Rausch knelt beside her, his face only inches from hers. Her eyes tried to focus on his expression, but the strain was too much and she closed them as her forehead began to pound. Her grimace must have shocked him, because he moved away and demanded a chilled cloth.
His cold grasp was replaced by a warm stroke.
“You're alright now,” she heard a woman whisper. “Be still, dear, everything is alright.”
For a moment all was silent save for a rustling somewhere to the left of her. She lay unmoving, the weight still pressing against her weakened body. And then a loud crash and the thunder of steps startled her and her eyes cracked open once more.
“Are you certain?” a man asked, the voice sending a wave of longing over her.
“Yes,” the woman answered. “Her eyes opened, and she mumbled a little. I think she'll be alright, Lukas.”
“Lukas,” Sophie tried the name, her voice hoarse and quiet. When she spoke it, he knelt down beside her, his black hair a tangled mess and his eyes red with exhaustion.
“Sophie,” he whispered, brushing the hair from her forehead. His touch sent a shock through her body, as his voice had done seconds before, and she almost sat upright with the force of it.
Everything flooded into her mind then, every memory, every action. The voices became familiar and she struggled to see each person, desperate to place their names and be sure it was reality. Lukas did not remove his hand from the base of her neck and she was grateful for his warmth as she processed the memories.
“Wh-what happened?” she croaked. “Is everyone okay?”
“Everyone is fine,” Lukas answered. “You broke the curse, Sophie, you have set us all free. You were so still, I thought she-” he broke off then, and Sophie glanced up at him. His eyes were sad, but he gave a weak smile at her glance.
“She's gone?” she asked, the memory of her final encounter with the witch making her body tremble.
“Yes,” she heard another voice answer before Lukas could speak. “She's gone. You broke your oath, Sophie, and now I will never have my vengeance.”
Jude stepped forward, his eyes narrowed.
“What is done cannot be undone,” Lukas growled, his hand pressing more firmly on Sophie's chest. “If you stay only to place blame, you are not welcome. She has been through enough.”
“I'm sorry,” Sophie managed to say, though fatigue was threatening to pull her into unconsciousness. “I had no choice.”
The sudden awareness of Jude's interaction with Lukas made Sophie gasp, forgetting her exhaustion for a moment.
“You can hear him?” she asked, glancing in Jude's direction. “So it's true. The curse is broken?”
Lukas nodded slowly. Sophie tried to swing her legs from the sofa, and was satisfied when she managed to drag one down, letting Lukas put his arm around her to help her progress. Pushing herself up, she ignored the nausea that swam in her head.
“What now?” she asked, locking eyes with Lukas. He did not meet her gaze, but she noticed that he glanced down toward his hands. “Lukas?”
“We fade quickly,” Fantir answered, coming in through the door. “Already, I feel the effects. It will not be long now.”
“Fade?” she repeated. “What do you mean?”
Rausch moved to sit beside her, and she saw Aggie huddled near the corner, one hand pressed to her mouth and her eyes closed tight. Only when Rausch placed his hand on her shoulder did she feel the unnatural weightlessness of it.
“Far too many years have we lingered,” he said gently. “It is our time, now.”
“Your time? You can't mean-”
“We will die, Sophie,” Lukas interrupted. His face was set, but she could see the pain in his eyes when he looked at her. For a moment, she was unable to speak.
“I was unsure,” Rausch continued. “At first, it seemed we were as we should have been. But then,” he paused, “then, things began to grow faded and dim. I feel light as air.”
“No,” she answered, shaking her head. “No, you can't. It's my fault, I-”
“Sophie,” Lukas said sharply, leaning forward and gripping her face in his hands. The warmth had not faded, though his touch felt thin. “Never think that. The lives we have endured, they were torturous, unimaginable. Perhaps peace waits for us now, and I will welcome it.”
“But, you never lived. You've been trapped all these years. It isn't fair!”
“No,” he said, stroking her cheeks with his thumbs. “Perhaps not. But at least I had the opportunity to meet you, speak to you. Touch you.” A smile crossed his face. “You lifted a weight from me, Sophie, and I will be forever grateful.”
Tears threatened to spill from her eyes as she felt Rausch squeeze her shoulder gently. She turned to him and he smiled.
“It was a great pleasure knowing you,” he said in a soft voice. “The world is lucky to have you still in it. You are extraordinary, my dear. But I have suffered the grief of many men these years, I believe death will be a welcome friend to me.”
“And to me,” Fantir said from behind her. He did not approach, but she could hear the emotion saturating his voice. After that, he spoke no more.
Turning back to Lukas, she was shocked to see that his form had faded. She choked back the tears. He looked like a projection of his former self, but still he cocked his head to the side and smiled.
“Do not grieve,” he said, pulling her closer. “You have many years ahead of you.” He leaned forward, his lips brushing gently against her forehead. The touch made her tremble and she could not stop the tears that flowed, tasting their salt as she pulled him to her. His arms wrapped her in a tight embrace, but he pulled his face away, looking at her with sad eyes.
“Thank you,” he said. “For all you have done.”
She nodded slowly, holding back the sobs as she watched his form fade into near transparency. Rausch had already disappeared from the couch, and the moment Lukas's body was no longer visible, she lost her grip on him, her arms falling limply to her knees.
Aggie let out sob, rushing to her side and stroking her hair with frantic hands. Sophie sat, the tears flowing slowly and silently down her cheeks, but did not speak. She could still sense Jude standing behind her, but he remained silent, stepping away and closing the door gently behind him.
There they sat, the hours passing quickly, until dawn broke through the small cottage windows and poured cheerful sunlight over the hollow room. Sophie inhaled, her breath shaking, and shifted away from Aggie. Her back was stiff, and her feet had fallen asleep long before, but she struggled to stand. Aggie followed her, keeping one hand clasped on her arm.
“Sophie,” she said, as Sophie pulled the door open, letting the crisp morning air wash over her face, making her raw eyes sting and burn. “You'll be alright, won't you?”
Sophie nodded. Her heart felt heavy, but she knew what she needed to do.
“I think so,” she said. “And you? You've been a part of this much longer than I have.”
“Yes, I'll be fine, in time,” Aggie answered. “I knew how desperately he wanted freedom. I would be selfish to resent that.”
With another nod, Sophie turned and embraced the small woman, breathing in the scent of her thick hair before turning away and walking slowly through the trees.
It was a surprise to her when she came to the familiar courtyard, having been lost in thought as she walked and barely aware of the direction she needed to follow. The sunlight broke over the line of trees, reflecting from the tall windows and brightening the colorful courtyard. Her feet dragged as she entered the castle, her shoulders were heavy with the weight of the previous night's turmoil. The halls were silent and still, not a whisper of movement disturbed the air.
Upon reaching her room, Sophie collapsed onto the bed, fully clothed, and fell instantly into a deep, dreamless sleep.

“Have you packed everything?” Aunt Marilyn's voice cut through the silent air in the empty room. “You're sure you haven't forgotten something?”
“I'm pretty sure,” Sophie replied, smiling. “I'll double check, though.”
With a nod, Aunt Marilyn turned away, rifling through her own belongings before zipping the last of her many bags closed.
“What a beautiful trip,” she sighed. “I only wish we could stay longer. How wonderful that Katie and Brian are able to stay alone for another week before heading to Paris.”
Sophie did not disagree, though she was grateful to leave, but nodded without a word. She thought back to that morning, after she had returned from Lukas’s cottage. Her sister had looked radiant, her cheeks flushed with pride as she walked hand in hand with her new husband into the breakfast room. Her mother had gushed about the previous night, rambling loudly over every detail as the table sat silently enduring her banter. Her eyes had strayed to Sophie only once, though the haughtiness she was used to seeing in them had faded.
Her father had watched as Sophie sat relaxed, smiling, and content to be still and quiet while the others carried on pleasant conversation. She had met his gaze with a small smile, rising to hug him quickly before following her aunt to their rooms to pack.
Everything seemed changed since the previous night as Sophie stepped through the front doors with her suitcase in hand. The air was crisp and fresh, the sunlight somehow brighter. As she strode past the blooming flowerbeds, it seemed as though the colors had grown more vibrant to her eyes and she could smell their thick fragrance in the breeze. No haze lingered among the thick forest surrounding them, as though the air mimicked her growing clarity. Wilton stood at the base of the stairway, holding out a hand as Aunt Marilyn neared him. Sophie heard her bright laughter as he leaned forward to whisper in her aunt's ear, his eyes twinkling with delight.
Twisting her head to look over her shoulder, she imagined a dark figure standing just inside the line of trees, his tangled hair and familiar dark eyes illuminated by the beaming rays. A smile crossed his face as he faded slowly, only a vague memory of what he once was.
Letting the image fade into nothingness, Sophie turned back to see her aunt looking at her with raised eyebrows. She shrugged her shoulders and gave a small laugh, accepting the embrace that Aunt Marilyn offered, the thought of home in the forefront of her mind.
Helping her father and Aunt Marilyn load the suitcases into the waiting truck, she smiled to herself as the dull ache began to fade from her heart.
Everything was as it should have been, many years ago.
