
Born From Ash
a sampler
by Robert Maas

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Robert Maas


* * * *


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For more about Robert Maas, please visit activemaas.wordpress.com.


* * * *

Contents
Introduction
Local Event (complete story from Forgotten Tomorrows)
A Bag Of Sugar (complete new story)
Survival (except from Biome)
One Last Shot (complete new story)
Sudden Collision (except from Residuum)
Full Moon (excerpt from The Billows)
Borova Nightfall (complete story from Forgotten Tomorrows)
Old House In The Flap Of The Wind (excerpt from The Music Of The Rending Of The Night)


* * * *


Introduction

This sampler contains four complete stories, two of them currently unavailable elsewhere, and excerpts from four of my novels. There’s a short introduction to put each story and excerpt in perspective. 
You can read much more about all my works, along with extensive background information on their themes, inspirations, and writing process, at my website and blog at activemaas.wordpress.com. Here you can also download additional samples and link directly to places to buy my books. Don’t forget that the online stores enable you to preview the first 20% or so of each book, too!
I trust you’ll enjoy reading these samples, and hope to talk with you soon.

Robert Maas
Tokyo, October 2014


* * * *


Local Event (complete story from Forgotten Tomorrows)

This story is typical of life in the Robert Maas universe. Its characters are ordinary people thrown up against something truly horrific, and larger than they can at first comprehend. It is also typical of my writing in existing somewhere queasy between the realms of science and nightmare, and of having not a single cozy glimpse of magic or the supernatural to console it.

Nina Sullivan, the camp warden, found them shortly after the seven o’clock reveille. There was no response to her summons, so she kicked open the door of the nearest cabin and bellowed in. Sullivan, it seems, believed in tough love, even where the daughters of rich New York stockbrokers were concerned.
Up here in the Adirondacks, with the dawn sun scarcely risen, there was frost on the ground. The nine cabins were unheated—unlike, incidentally, the staff block just down the hill. Nevertheless, if Sullivan’s report is to be believed, the bodies were still warm.
Our coroner Prentice later confirmed that the girls had all died within half an hour prior to that seven o’clock alarm. All 51 of them.

Naturally, Sullivan was our prime suspect, if only because she was first to have contact with the victims. 
Trevino and I discussed it as our squad car labored up the switchback logging track that was the only access to the camp. We’d left the Thruway just after nine, and we’d taken more than an hour to get this high. 
The whole way, Trevino played old Grateful Dead songs on the mp3 box he always lugged on these out-of-town trips. I understood why. I didn’t like the stuff myself, even the back porch Americana style, but it calmed the nerves about as much as the whiskey I’d necked in the office john. In our job, like every other job the world over, you excused anything that made it possible to function in your role. Trevino’s vice was marijuana, but if he smoked on duty it was never in my presence, and I never bothered to ask.
We saw nothing the whole journey except, shortly before the turning to the boy’s camp across the valley, a group of paramedics trying to heave their wagon back on the road. They’d overshot the bend. All we knew at this point was that there’d been some kind of massacre on site, and that we shouldn’t bother stopping to help.
Trevino had run off photos of all the staff from the camp website. He showed me Sullivan’s. She was stocky as a bear. There wasn’t a trace of a maternal softball to her delivery. This was a woman who’d grown hard as nails over twenty years boot-camping eighth graders.
‘Enough,’ he wondered morosely, ‘to have gone nuclear on the kids?’
We interviewed her the moment we got on site. But the woman we found in her office wasn’t Nina Sullivan. This was a trembling wreck of a college girl from Maryland who still couldn’t stop heaving even though she’d long since emptied her stomach and, by her pallor, most of her blood.
I’d stashed the rest of the whiskey in the car, but she didn’t need it. She had a bottle of her own, what was left of it, cradled to her breast.
‘I can’t—’ she kept mumbling. ‘Can’t tell them—’
No, but somebody would have to, and it wasn’t going to be me.
I’ve tried to imagine what Sullivan must have felt when she banged in that door. She’d seen everything a summer camp could throw at her, from open fractures to menarche. She’d had girls with allergies and infected cuts, girls who’d gashed themselves in the woods, girls who’d gotten into the most vicious fights that spoiled and uninhibited 13 year olds can muster. She’d never had a death at Temple Woods before.
The lights were on, she told us. The lights were on in all the cabins, but that wasn’t rare for girls away from home in a place that could spook a country dweller, let alone apartment brats who’d never even seen a sewer rat. The six girls in cabin A were sprawled on their bunks and on the floor. They were naked. Their hands had been bound behind their backs with torn-up sheets. There was blood everywhere, and not just from their slit throats.
When Sullivan finished shrieking, she threw up. When she finished throwing up, she stumbled to cabin B, and found the same. By the time her wailing roused the others, she was out on the frosty grass of the assembly circle, just under the camp cross, her hands wrenching up fistfuls of turf and mumbling them into her own face as if the dirt belonged there. 
I saw it all myself, of course, a little after. It was as much as I could do not to get down on that assembly circle too, and I’ve been in homicide all my adult life.

It was obvious that Nina Sullivan had nothing to do with what happened to the girls of Temple Woods Christian Summer Camp.
Our suspicions, then, shifted to the maintenance and boiler man, Laurence Cozens, simply because he was the only male member of staff. This made him the one man on the payroll who might have had access to the girls within the half hour before Sullivan raised her alarm.
Cozens, it turned out, had gained his trusted position in the compound for a very good reason. I didn’t even know eunuchs still existed, and I couldn’t imagine the chain of thought that prompted him to note this on his resume. It was the result of a childhood accident involving a blasting cap.
There was another reason to rule him out. ‘These are scary people,’ he told me. ‘If I’d ever tried it on with one of their daughters, they would have looked for other things to cut off.’
Moreover, Cozens had no interest in girls of any age. We didn’t find a scrap of pornography in his room, and there was no trace of anything suspicious in his cellphone and internet records. He spent his free time writing monographs on wood ant migrations for an entomological broadsheet associated with the University of Arkansas. 
He was strong enough to have done the tying up and execution of each of those girls, but there was no way he himself performed the rape.

Accomplices, then? Any of the staff might have been implicated had we seriously believed they had assistance, but we found no evidence of it. We found no evidence of outsiders whatsoever, and there was no way anybody was hiding in that compound. It was as controlled and sanitized an environment as an executive golf course, which it closely resembled.
Temple Woods might have been remote, but the people who ran it were no fools. Practically as soon as the alarm was raised, the camp’s cook Yoko Umeda—who’d just finished preparing breakfast in the main block and was loading refuse onto a truck near the entrance—instigated the shutdown that the camp practiced as a matter of routine for just such an eventuality as this, though not of course on anything like the scale.
‘You mean intruders?’ I asked her. ‘What kind of intruders do you get up here?’
Her hands were shaking. She certainly wasn’t handling a knife today. The ones in her kitchen, needless to say, were all present and correct and spotlessly clean. Besides, they were quality Japanese steel. The one used on the girls, as we later learned, had been ceramic.
‘None from the outside,’ she said. ‘But you know what boys are like.’
Indeed. I could almost smell the testosterone wafting over the valley from the boys’ camp on the opposite ridge. There was always the possibility that some of those lads might try to sneak in after hours so, from dusk to dawn, the single entrance at the foot of the compound was kept securely locked. Shutdown put the entire camp in alarm.
‘Just because they’ve never had a break-in before, it doesn’t mean they’ve ruled it out,’ Trevino commented. I knew as much myself. So we got Cozens to take us on a meticulous tour of the boundary fence. 
Like I said, security was high. Nothing was going to happen to these pampered virgins, whether the danger came from wild animals or passing hikers. Trevino and I tramped that fence corner to corner, and we got used to the paranoia of the place. A chainsaw-wielding hick, eyes bloated on moonshine, might have come charging out of the woods on a rampage, but he wouldn’t have gotten any further than that fence, and from here you couldn’t even see the cabins scattered among the bushes in the rolling, manicured lawns within. 
All the wildness of the world was contained outside, and there was no evidence that it had managed an egress. No snipped wires, no artificial fibers on the barbs. And nothing beyond but forest. I suppose you could have pole-vaulted over, or dangled in from a helicopter, but then how then would you get back out?
One track down to civilization. No paths through the woods except the ones used by the kids themselves on their supervised rambles and Cozens on his bug hunts. Security cameras on poles monitoring every last meter of fence with built-in light enhancement and infrared.
By the time we’d completed the circuit we were frustrated and more baffled than ever. I purposefully let Trevino dawdle behind me on the approach back to the gate. Never on duty, I’d said, but I didn’t grudge him the first time. Trevino was the most diligent and dependable partner I’d ever had, and I’d forgive him anything after what we’d seen in the cabins.

We headed back to the staff block to review the CCTV tapes. By this time the assembly circle was choked in ambulances and paramedics with stretchers. The bad-weather gym was being used as a triage, but that just meant a room with 51 bodies laid out side by side on the indoor soccer pitch under clean white sheets with the Temple Woods logo in the corner.
Nothing surprised me less than the camp surveillance room. Neat, modern, drilled to perfection, and with absolutely no sign of evidence tamper. The digital files that held the security footage were contiguous and time-stamped correctly. I guess a moderately competent hacker could have rearranged those files and defeated their encryption to alter the dates, but why bother? There were nine cabins full of evidence just up the hill. Quicker and easier to blank the disk.
We sampled the recordings on fast-forward. Nothing. There was a gibbous moon over the head of the valley, which helped the light enhancement pick out every last detail, down to the individual leaf and strand of razor wire. The infrared overlay revealed nothing more than the bloom of sodium lamps at the corners. All night, everywhere we looked, nothing had stirred around the perimeter of that camp, and nothing came within a kilometer of the entrance.
Sullivan confirmed that Temple Woods didn’t do physical patrols. She claimed it didn’t need to, and from what I’d seen of the setup I agreed with her. However, I could imagine somebody down there in the city, black suit uncomfortable on their back, seizing on this as a means of assuaging their grief in the courts. They’d also leap on the folly of keeping the cabins unlocked. 
Nina Sullivan, whether or not she could abide another chance at the job, had just become unemployable.
The cameras in the assembly circle were just as revealing, depending on how you interpret ten hours in which only the moon bothered to shift its position. Nobody entered or left any of the cabins. Nobody sneaked around them, or dodged bush to bush up from the staff block. Not one door opened or shut. There were lights in all the cabins, but the windows were shrouded by curtains, and it was impossible to tease resolution out of any shadows or flickering there might have been within. 
The infrareds captured no more than the fading glow of evening and an indistinguishable blur. The cabins were separated by parkland, and though they weren’t soundproof there was enough ambient noise, especially on a moderately windy night like the one just passed, to prevent all but the loudest cries being carried from one to another. Certainly none of the staff had heard anything, and their sleep was not disturbed.
Put together, the upshot was this: those girls might have held barbeques and discos in their shacks, and we wouldn’t know a thing.
Eventually the sky paled, dawn arrived, and Sullivan came crunching the gravel up the path to cabin A. We shut the thing off once we’d witnessed her bent double over the porch and proved it really was the morning in question.

By this time we were feeling what our precinct, normally a quiet borough, likes to call the craze. It generally meant some drunken meathead up for a fight in his cell. We’d had a handful of domestics in the last year—and that’s all. But this morning Trevino and I were bunchy with ugly energy, and desperate to slam our fists into something unyielding. We shook out our horror in a nightmare tour of the gym. 
I wondered whether we’d be able to straighten ourselves out by the time the rest of the world crashed in on the scene. You don’t wipe out an entire girl’s summer camp without expecting heavy business. Already the call had gone out to Dubcovsky, our chief, that we were in way over our heads and it really was worth the journey. 
We were fairly sure anybody slamming out through the forest would be picked up before they reached civilization—and that anybody who was picked up wouldn’t be our man.
‘Suicide, then?’ Trevino asked. He’d turned the same pallor as Sullivan.
I felt like exploding. If somebody so much as mentioned the shape of my sister’s nose, I’d have laid into him, there and then. For both of us, it was easily worth the risk.
Suicide was an even worse fit than Sullivan or Cozens.
Our field coroner Prentice, who’d ridden up with the emergency crew, was ripping off his latex gloves. I could still see the bodies, though, reflected in the beads of sweat on his brow. A little pool of moisture had gathered along the bottom inside rim of his spectacles. I guess it might have been tears. His mouth was a straight line, drawn bloodlessly across the lower part of his face.
‘We’ve got 51 girls,’ he confirmed. ‘Nine cabins, six to a cabin. Three bunks weren’t occupied last night—one taken down yesterday thanks to food poisoning, possibly mushroom spores transferred to her mouth, one returned home early due to a family crisis, one late arrival. Which means it’s a full house. No survivors. Eldest had just turned fourteen, the youngest were twelve.’
‘Modus the same?’ I asked.
Prentice tore off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.
‘I don’t know what to tell you, Orfao. I don’t think there’s anything intelligent I can tell you. Somebody—something, as I’m not going to assign it the dignity of being a man—snuck into those cabins last night, and overpowered these poor girls. That in itself might not have been hard. He stripped them and tied them up using their own bedclothes. The ones from the upper bunks were dragged down to the floor. He raped them, and then he cut their throats. And all without anybody noticing a thing.’
‘What do you have on him?’ I asked. ‘You found the knife?’
‘No sign of it. Not yet, anyway, and I’m not a betting man. We’ll have to wait until we get reports from the teams out there in the cabins. What I can tell you is that there was a chip taken out of the blade—you know how these ceramic knives chip easily. This means that if you cut a throat using a single, long movement across the blade, as he did, you get a kink where that chip dug into the skin. Every single girl that I’ve examined has had the kink in her throat.’
At least, I thought lamely, it was a distinctive knife. Though I could imagine we’d be spending weeks scuffling through the undergrowth in the forest searching for it.
‘One man?’ I asked.
‘Almost certainly one man with the blade. I’ll guarantee it. It’s like a production line, Orfao: swipe the first girl, step over her, swipe the next. Fast, economical, surgical in its precision. He had 51 to dispatch, after all, and he doesn’t seem to have been in the mood to linger over the deaths. Simply do it, cleanly and accurately, and move on.’
A production line, I thought. Then he was a different kind of sadist: the deaths themselves weren’t important.
‘But here’s the thing,’ Prentice said.
He tried and failed to put his glasses back on. Tried again, and ended up snapping one of the arms. He stared at the broken joint as if he no longer understood quite what it was.
‘Here’s the thing, Orfao. They were all raped. All 51 girls. I don’t know about you, maybe there are studs in your department, but down in the morgue we—’
He emitted what might have been a laugh or a cry, and came out an obscene howling, choked off half way. He rammed the pieces of his glasses in his breast pocket.
‘Even once, it just wouldn’t be possible. But every one of the girls I’ve examined—and for god’s sake, Orfao, I can’t examine them all, I just can’t—has suffered the same trauma. Again, the blood’s not telling me much, but I assume a good number of these kids had been intact. They’ve all been raped not just once, but multiple times, and everywhere that bastard could find to abuse them. There was one girl, Orfao, one girl I found on the floor of one of those cabins, she’d thrown up and there was more semen in her stomach than a man could produce in a week.’
I wasn’t getting it. I don’t think Trevino was getting it, either.
‘You’re telling me there was a gang of men in there?’ he said. His voice was a thin, high shriek.
Prentice continued to look like a deer in headlights. ‘No—I’m not telling you that. I’m not saying that at all. Because what I’m saying is that these girls are covered in bruises, and you can tell a lot from the bruises. You can gauge the build of a man by the reach of his fingers. All these bruises are from the same man. One man, Orfao, one man only.’
‘That’s ridiculous,’ I snapped. ‘One man held the girls down, maybe, and cut them at the end of it, but—’
‘I know we’ll find I’m right,’ Prentice said. ‘One man. All this semen is going to give us the same DNA. Not multiple attackers, one attacker.’
‘Crazy,’ Trevino said. ‘He’d have to be a kind of—’
‘Superman?’ Prentice was crying. ‘I’m not going to be able to handle this investigation if you—’
‘Stop this,’ I said. ‘We need to stay calm for Dubcovsky. And I’m convinced you’re wrong.’
‘What if I’m not? Let’s say you were on drugs that turned you into a maniac. Let’s say you were so high on a cocktail of cocaine and Viagra or god knows what that you’d just keep raping these girls, over and over again, all night, because that’s sure as hell what it looks like they’ve been through. Every one of them, in an attack that lasted as long as ten hours of continuous abuse. Even if you were physically capable of doing it, then you certainly wouldn’t be biologically capable. You could orgasm every time, but after about the fifth time you’d be firing an empty chamber. But let’s suggest here, for a conservative estimate, about two thousand separate rape events, each carried through to ejaculation. Ordinarily, Orfao, how many men would that require?’
‘Two thousand rape events in a single night?’
‘As a conservative estimate,’ Prentice said.
‘And by your own estimation, you’d only release significant amounts of semen about five times. Then we’re talking—’
‘Four hundred men,’ Trevino said.
‘Four hundred men!’ Prentice cried. ‘And what’s more likely to you, Orfao? Superman, spiriting himself from cabin to cabin, or that we’ve somehow missed four hundred men roaming this camp last night?’

In my mind, replayed over and over, I saw the still night, the motionless cabins, the lights glowing peacefully in their small, curtained windows.
I still wasn’t taking it. I needed logic, and so far I didn’t have any. I headed back out for the nearest cabin. Trevino followed a couple of steps behind. Damn it, Trevino, I’m begging you, say something about my sister’s nose. Anything. I’ll take the first swing—but then I want you to come in hard.
Forensics teams were swarming over the insides of those cabins, dusting and bagging. I found Kenton way down the far end of the chain, sitting on the porch poring over a sheaf of paperwork. He looked, if it’s possible, even worse than Prentice.
‘What’s it going to be?’ I asked him. ‘One or many?’
‘Both,’ Kenton said, and slapped the papers on the porch beside him.
‘I don’t need any more riddles,’ I snarled.
‘Well, Orfao, how’s this? You’d expect a lot of fingerprints in this place. Most of them are the wrong size and shape to be our attacker, whom we can assume is an adult male. And let’s make that assumption, Orfao, because I don’t think you can solve every locked door murder with an orangutan. Of the ones that are the right size, some of them match the handyman here—the castrato. Some match the rest of the staff. No issue there. The rest, and there are hundreds of these, are from somebody else entirely.’
‘Our perp,’ I said.
‘Definitely our perp. We’ve been picking up entire palm prints from the pools of half-dried blood in there.’
‘One man.’
‘One man and many.’
‘Look, Kenton—’
‘I’m telling you, Orfao, as straight as I can manage it. All the fingerprints, as far as I can determine, come from the same man. But look here.’ He snatched up one of the papers and shook it at me. ‘This is his left hand. He suffered an incident, sometime in his life. It left an industrial scar. You see it here, the way the lines don’t match?’
‘Sure.’ The imperfection was clearly visible.
‘Well then, look.’ He tossed out other papers, and didn’t care if I caught them or not. ‘Here’s that scar again, on this hand. And again here. But this hand doesn’t have it. No scar. And here no scar. And look, here—’ This one he did thrust in my face. ‘You see it there, Orfao? Much fainter than the others.’
‘So he cut himself,’ I said. ‘Or one of the girls managed to scratch him.’
‘I told you, it’s some kind of industrial accident.’ Kenton dashed the paper back on the pile. ‘Some of these prints come from before it happened, some when it was still reasonably fresh—and some when it had almost fully healed!’
‘You’re—’
Kenton wagged a finger at me furiously. ‘No, Orfao. I’m not joking.’
‘He really is Superman,’ Trevino muttered.
Kenton cast a withering glance at him. ‘You stoned again, Trevino? Or you want to hear this crap? Let me tell you something else your superhero seems to be capable of.’
He rustled in a box, found a clutch of evidence bags.
‘We’ve got clothes fibers, some of it also in the blood. Hairs, in the blood. A huge amount. Even shoe prints. This guy didn’t bother trying to hide what he’d done. Which you’re guessing should make him simple to find, right? But look at this. These hairs are long. These are short. These are black. These are gray. And the fibers and prints are from a huge number of different clothes and shoes.’
‘It’s contamination,’ I muttered. ‘It has to be.’
‘What if it’s not?’ Kenton said. ‘And I think it’s not. Then what do you have?’

I reeled out. I could hardly breathe, and had to keep gulping at the air. 
Then what did I have? Those 51 girls went to bed at nine o’clock last night, and they weren’t found until seven the following morning. In that ten hour stretch, a man materialized magically in the camp and raped them, over and over again, each of them, and finally he slit their throats just before their wake-up call, and vanished back into air. During those ten hours he wore a range of outfits and shoes. He had long, short, black, gray hair. At one point he gained an industrial injury, which then healed itself.
I glanced up at the white wooden cross in the center of the assembly circle. If I believed in the devil, I would have been down there in hell right now, slapping on the cuffs. But I wasn’t quite that gullible. And that only left things even more unbelievable.
I wondered if Nina Sullivan had any more liquor she wouldn’t mind sharing with me.

I stumbled back into the open. I knew Trevino was still following. Still looking for answers. We reached the fence and hung against it, gazing through the wires into the forest beyond.
In the far distance, I heard the wailing of sirens. The world was rushing our way. Which at least would unload some of this nightmare on our chief. But things were likely to get immeasurably worse before they got better.
‘Well?’ Trevino said. He leaned with his back to the fence. He’d also heard the sirens. ‘What are you going to tell him?’
That we needed to put cordons on the whole perimeter of the Park, I thought, and be on the lookout for 400 men. Dubcovsky would go for that. Hell, I’d go for that, given the choice.
The choice, I thought. The choice was ludicrous. I voiced it anyway.
‘You remember that fantasy you used to tell me about? The one about the Grateful Dead.’
I saw it churning up out of his memory. ‘You mean you listen to me when I’m bullshitting you? You’re a better partner than I thought. And I always thought I lucked out when they put us together.’
‘Tell me the fantasy again.’
Trevino glanced at me. Anything, he was thinking, to get our minds off this horror.
‘You know the fantasy. I get myself a time machine and go back to some of those legendary performances, at the Fillmore maybe. That’s what I’d do if I could go anywhere. Transport myself back there. Witness some of those bands for real. Honestly, you wouldn’t want to accompany me. It’s not your scene.’
‘But that’s not your precise fantasy,’ I said. ‘There was one performance, remember?’
Trevino managed a smile. At least a smile, to hold the nightmare at bay.
‘Sure, there’s this one show, at the Fillmore East, 13th February 1970—the night before Valentine’s day. Home town for me. The most legendary of all Grateful Dead performances. Just to be there, you know? Just to buy my ticket, and line up outside with all the others, and file inside, do a little of something good, and be part of that magnificent night.’
‘But,’ I said. ‘You lacked restraint to see the band just once, didn’t you?’
Trevino’s smile broke into something sharp and uncomfortable. ‘You’re right. You do listen to me. If I had a time machine, if I could go anywhere I wanted, I’d never go back just once. I’d keep going back. I told you this funny story, right? That the past is the past—you can’t change it. So if I was at the Fillmore East that night, then I’d always been at the Fillmore East that night. And if I wanted to go more than once, then I’d always gone more than once. I’d kept going back, buying my ticket, lining up outside, until eventually—’
‘Eventually,’ I said, ‘the house lights came back up, and you looked around, and you realized that every single seat in the entire auditorium contained a duplicate of you.’
‘I am just stoned, aren’t I?’ Trevino said. ‘Or I’d figure out the logic for myself. Because sure, I could squeeze out everybody else by making sure I transported myself back to a point where I could buy my ticket first. But the very first time I stood in that line, and filed into that theatre, I’d notice that everybody else was also me. And I guess the Dead would notice it, too.’
‘What if somebody really had a time machine?’ I said.
‘It’s a fantasy. Nothing more.’
‘Not now. In the future—perhaps far in the future. What if you had access to your own, secret time machine? And your interest wasn’t old Grateful Dead concerts. It was having sex with 13 year old girls. What would you do?’
Trevino blinked at me. ‘I’d go backwards in time,’ he said.
‘Because?’
‘Because the deed has already happened. So I could tell whether or not I got away with it. If I found an account of an unexplained rape in the next day’s newspaper, then I’d know that I succeeded.’
‘You’d have to cut the girl’s throat, so she couldn’t give a description of you.’
‘No,’ Trevino said. ‘I wouldn’t have to do that. They’d have my DNA and forensic evidence. They just wouldn’t match it to somebody who wasn’t even born yet. Why should they? Time travel doesn’t exist in their time, so it’s ludicrous for them to believe it.’
‘You’d let the girl live.’
Trevino thought about it. ‘Unless I wanted to cut her throat,’ he said. ‘Unless cutting her throat heightened my pleasure somehow. Unless I was so sick I got off on that knowledge.’
‘But then, wouldn’t it heighten your pleasure even more if you slit her throat first, and then skipped back in time a little further and raped her, knowing that you’d already slit her throat?’
‘Yes,’ Trevino said slowly. ‘I suppose so.’
 ‘Suppose you wanted to have sex with a lot of 13 year old girls,’ I said. ‘This camp would be an ideal place to find them. You’d come back first, I guess, at nine in the evening, just after they’d all gone to bed. You’d tie them up.’
‘Maybe you’d come back several times to tie them up,’ Trevino said. ‘There are 51 of them, after all.’
‘All right,’ I said. ‘So there you are, various instances of yourself, side by side, tying up all these girls. Remember this happens the first time you go back, so you’d know you’ll do it. And then you’d come back nine more times, just before the reveille, to slit their throats. So now you’ve given yourself a starting point and an end point. And in that space, how many times do you think you could come back to rape each of those girls?’
‘Give yourself a window,’ Trevino said. ‘Ten minutes maybe. However long it takes you.’
‘Ten minutes to come in, rape one of the girls, and leave again,’ I said.
‘Over the course of about ten hours,’ Trevino said. ‘That’s a lot of events.’
‘It’s your hobby,’ I said. ‘For us here, it’s just one night, but you might visit once or twice a week for years. Whenever you wanted sex, you’d just come back. Over the course of a lifetime, you could visit those girls a lot of times.’ 
‘But how do you stop yourself meeting yourself?’
I snorted. ‘You’ve got a time machine, so you’re not worried about that. You’d simply use a piece of futuristic machinery called a wristwatch—and a notebook to log your progress on each girl.’
‘You’d see all the blood,’ Trevino protested. ‘By dawn, there’s not much left to be raping. You’ve already pummeled them to pulp.’
‘Maybe that’s the point. Maybe you enjoy the blood. Maybe you enjoy it more, the more abused they are. You’d know it was you, after all—your life’s work. In fact, wouldn’t you visit the scene backwards, so you experience the more enjoyable later events first?’
For him, I thought, whoever he is, whoever he will be, several decades of enjoyment. For each of those girls, one night of constant rape, over and over again, before the final release of a blade through the throat.
Trevino sighed. 
‘At least we know it’s finite,’ he said. ‘If this is a life’s work. How long can one man live, anyway?’
He levered himself up from the fence and began to stagger back into the camp. The cars had skewed into the assembly circle and were disgorging on the grass.
‘That’s not what you’re going to tell Dubcovsky, though, is it?’ he added.
‘What’s the point?’ I said. ‘Our perpetrator knows what he did. He read about it in a history book. He knows he was never caught. It won’t matter what we tell Dubcovsky, or anybody else for that matter. Even if they believed us—and why should they?—there’s nothing we could do to prevent it. There’s just one past, like you said, and it’s already happened.’
I walked toward the cars.

Dubcovsky met us on the green. He gazed around him at the chain of bright wooden cabins sightlessly. He seemed weary, burdened with something vast and incomprehensible, the turning of a significant page.
‘How many in this one?’ he asked.
In this one? There was a drag in my chest, as if my stomach had just dropped away into a void that stretched off endlessly into the past and future. I saw Trevino, sitting in every seat in the Fillmore East, and had to lurch off for the bushes to divest myself violently of the whisky in my gut.
‘We’ll hound them down,’ Dubcovsky called after me. ‘Whatever this is, and however long it takes. I promise you that. They can’t escape justice forever.’ 


* * * *


A Bag Of Sugar (complete new story)

This short story is purposefully old-fashioned in approach. It could be set in any front yard, any time within the last century. You may consider it a variation on Richard Matheson’s wonderful ‘Button, Button,’ but actually the box is irrelevant to the story being told. 

The man stepped around the girl’s bicycle with the flat tires and the busted wheel and walked across the dirt of the yard. The woman remained in the driver’s seat, staring unblinking into the rear-view mirror. Like she expected a cop or something.
I was up in the tree, using a screwdriver to scratch my initials in the bark.
‘Hey kid,’ the man called up. ‘I wanna show you something.’
I leaned over to look down at him. I could have spit on him from this angle. He had white hair like an albino, but his eyebrows were black. There’s something weird about an albino with black eyebrows. I didn’t like him from the start.
He was wearing slacks and a T-shirt, but they were the wrong slacks and a T-shirt. And he had gloves on. Leather driving gloves.
‘You show me something,’ I called down, ‘my Pa will come out and beat you up worse’n that Bible seller the other—’
‘No, kid,’ the man said. He had eyes like a crab. ‘I mean I want to give you something. A present.’
He had a box under his arm. It wasn’t wrapped in fancy paper, but there was some kind of gold scrollwork on the cardboard, so I guessed it came from somewhere expensive.
‘Oh yeah?’ I said. ‘And there’s more for me in the car, I expect.’
He grinned, but that didn’t make his eyes any less crabby.
‘You’re a bright boy,’ he said. ‘You know you’re small and fit and clever. You’re all the way up that tree, for a start. If I tried anything, you could wriggle out of my clutches and be off down the road in seconds. And then I’d have to deal with your father, right?’
‘My Pa’s a fireman,’ I said. ‘There’s his station, right down the end of the block.’
‘He’s strong with an ax, you mean.’
‘I wouldn’t rate your chances.’
‘Then come on down,’ the man said. ‘What’ve you got to fear?’
‘Not you,’ I said. I swung my legs out over the yard, wriggled so that the branch was against my stomach, then my chest, then my arms, and let myself drop. I landed in the dirt a few meters away from him.
‘Show me the present,’ I said.
‘Not so fast.’ The man actually tightened his grip on the box, though I was too far away to grab it. ‘First you gotta promise me something. Promise me this is our secret.’
‘You sure you’re not selling Bibles?’ I said.
‘Swear to God.’ He glanced up and down the road. ‘Is there somewhere private we can talk?’
‘There’s a swing bench under the trellis. How ’bout that?’
I saw him look around us, taking in the old clapboard house, the old clapboard garage, the dirt yard strewn with broken toys, the rusty white swing seat in a corner surrounded by weeds.
‘Where’s the trellis?’ he asked.
‘Pa cut it down when my sister turned thirteen,’ I said.
‘Now that,’ the man said, heading over to the bench, ‘is a careful father.’
‘She had to carry a bag of sugar around with her,’ I said. ‘I guess it was punishment, but I don’t know what for. It was really funny.’
‘How long did she carry the bag of sugar?’
‘Two weeks. One day I poked a hole in it.’ I showed him my screwdriver. ‘But my Pa got angry with me.’
The man lowered himself on one end of the bench. It didn’t swing either, but I’d neglected to mention that. It wasn’t because of Pa. It had rusted solid.
I perched on the other end. I felt even more uncomfortable sharing a bench with crab man.
‘So show me,’ I said.
The man put the box on his knees and unfolded the top. He took out a metal cylinder about the size of a small cookie jar. There was an electronic display set into the top, and a single red button immediately under it. The electronic display said 19985. There wasn’t anything else.
‘Here, take it,’ the man said.
‘I don’t take stuff from strangers,’ I said.
‘It’s a gift, just like I said. No questions. No obligations except one. All yours, forever.’
I still didn’t take it. I didn’t like the way the man was looking at me, as if he was eager for me to hold the thing.
‘What’s the one obligation?’ I said.
‘Easy,’ the man said. ‘See this display here? This number is counting down, one digit at a time. When it gets all the way down to 1, you have to hold down the button for a few seconds.’
‘Wait a minute,’ I said. I flung away my screwdriver. I was all excited. ‘Gimme that thing.’
I grabbed the cylinder from him and studied it closely.
‘I saw this on TV. I press the button and you give me a million dollars.’
‘Nope,’ the man said. ‘You don’t get a million dollars.’
All those short-lived dreams. They sprung up in my head, and then they all died, just like that.
‘What do I get, then?’ I demanded.
‘Nothing,’ the man said. ‘Not a dime.’
I was mad now. I jumped to my feet and thrust the cylinder back at him.
‘Mister, I think you should know you’re trespassing on private property.’
He didn’t take the cylinder. He just peeled off his gloves slowly, placed them in the empty cardboard box, and folded down the lid.
‘Well?’ I demanded. ‘I’m guessing you’ve got about ten—’
Silently, in my hands, the number on the display changed to 19984.
‘It’s yours now,’ the man said. ‘It’s keyed to you and you alone. Nobody else can activate it. Nobody else can hold down that button when the number reaches 1.’
‘How come?’
As I spoke, I figured out the answer. He’d been wearing gloves. I had bare hands. Even if I gave it back, it would still belong to me.
I just stared at the thing in my hands.
‘Now,’ the man said. ‘Let me explain how this works. What you’re holding is a bomb. It’s not a powerful bomb, but it’s enough to blow this swing bench to pieces, and you and me with it.’
‘I don’t believe you.’
‘Well, I can’t prove it to you. You’ll just have to take it on trust.’
I scowled. ‘But—’
‘It’s a bomb,’ the man said. ‘But it’s merely one of a hundred bombs, all of them identical to this, that myself and my colleagues are distributing across the country, right now. From coast to coast, a hundred bombs in a hundred hands, all of them reading exactly—’
He leaned forward so he could glance at the panel.
‘19983,’ he said.
The cylinder was cold and heavy in my hands. It felt like a bomb. I don’t know why, it just did.
I sank back onto the bench.
‘A hundred bombs,’ the man said. ‘All set to explode at precisely the same moment, the moment that counter reaches zero. But there’s a way to stop it, you see? In the last minute—when the counter reads 1—you hold down that button, and all the bombs are deactivated. Every single one.’
Immediately I reached out and stabbed the button. Nothing happened.
The man smiled his broad, crab-like smile. ‘You have to wait until it reaches 1,’ he said. ‘It will only work in that last minute.’
‘How will you know?’ I asked. ‘Radio signals?’
‘Something like that.’
‘And I control all the bombs?’
‘No. Everybody who gets one of these hundred bombs has the same responsibility. Every one of those hundred people has to hold down their button when the number reaches 1. If all hundred people do that, all the bombs will be deactivated.’
‘What happens if somebody doesn’t press the button?’
‘If anybody doesn’t hold down the button—if just one person doesn’t hold down the button—then all hundred bombs will explode.’
‘You’re crazy,’ I said. It hadn’t taken me all that time to come to this conclusion.
‘It’s yours now,’ the man said. He climbed to his feet and put his box back under his arm. ‘I wish you good luck.’
‘Hey, wait!’ I yelled. ‘I’m gonna call for my Pa.’
‘Are you?’ the man said. ‘Are you really?’
No, I thought, I wasn’t going to do that.
‘I’ll take it to the cops,’ I said. ‘What’s to stop me?’
‘Nothing,’ the man said. ‘They might try to find all the other bombs. They’ll fail. Then they’ll try to defuse it. They’ll fail to do that, too.’
As he spoke, I turned the cylinder in my hands and saw that it was a single piece of metal. There were no seams, no screws, nothing.
‘And all the people who kept their bombs secret,’ the man continued, ‘all the honest, caring people who just want to do the right thing for the 99 other strangers—they’ll all die.’
I thought fast. ‘I’ve got a minute,’ I said. ‘When the counter reaches 1, I mean. I just press the button and run. In a minute I can run far away.’
‘Maybe you can. Maybe everybody can. But you’d be wrong. I didn’t say you had to press the button. I said you have to hold down the button. You have to start holding it down while the counter reads 1, and still be holding it down when the 1 turns into a zero. That’s the moment the bombs are all deactivated, or all explode.’
‘You said it was radio controlled. We’ll just jam the signal.’
‘You could, if you had the slightest idea where we’re transmitting it from. For all you know, each of those cylinders contains a connection to a satellite, or direct to the internet. For all you know, your bomb is always in range of some receiver, no matter where you take it, and no matter how hard you try to shield it. And anyway, why would you want to jam it? If we don’t receive your signal, it’s the same as you not holding down the button. Everybody dies.’
‘Then I’ll just chuck it away,’ I said. ‘You think I won’t? Watch me.’
I tossed the cylinder into the bushes behind the swing bench.
The man and I looked down at it, lying there half buried among the garbage and dead leaves.
‘You can do that,’ the man said. ‘Why not? But if you’re the only person to throw your bomb away, 99 other people die. Because of you. How many people, do you think, out of a hundred people chosen at random, will have the moral courage to hold down that button when the time comes? If it’s just one—just one, and everybody else throws their bomb away—then they’ll be the one to die.’
The car roared, startling me. The man was heading toward it, picking his way between the broken and abused and discarded toys.
My mouth felt dry. ‘How—how long until it reaches zero?’ I asked.
‘Oh,’ the man said. He opened the passenger door. ‘About two weeks.’
He was gone.
I went back to pick up my screwdriver, and then I stood and looked at my tree. And then I looked at the toys and the yard and the house and everything apart from that damn swing bench.
The metal cylinder lay hidden among the weeds all the rest of the day, and all the following night. In the morning I went down and brought it inside.


* * * *


Survival (excerpt from Biome)

Biome is a large-scale thriller set in the near future, a satisfyingly bulky adventure of the kind you used to be able to pick up in airports, but can’t anymore because it doesn’t involve vampires. In this pivotal sequence early in the novel, the main characters are training for a mission that will involve being dropped onto the surface of Venus.

Lights pierced the darkness. The submarine’s metal hull clanged like a steelpan as the pressure built up outside. 
There was nothing to see through the hardgel porthole except water swirling with debris kicked up by their descent. Then, as they turned, a narrow shaft of light appeared, streaming out into the emptiness, and Shannon glimpsed the outline of a second submarine, identical to her own, drifting into the depths.
It was a gray, bulbous object, clunky and utilitarian. Lines of great rivets stood out on its surface, which was streaked with red rust and what looked like white scrape marks. There were hatches along the top and sides. It was also turning, so that the beams of its lights, shining from the spots around its base and the portholes in its sides, swept across the dark water. 
Uncertain things, translucent and slow, moved in the beams. Once she’d seen seals nosing about their hulls, and what might have been a basking shark, but all such animal life was far above them now. They sank on into the silence. 
Not silence. As the pressure increased, the water became a better conductor of sound. She realized she could hear low rumbling noises, transmitted perhaps from thousands of kilometers away across the ocean, a clicking that might be arctic ice cracking and shifting on the surface, and the occasional electronic pulse that was a pipetrain, moving at phenomenal speed somewhere to the south. 
From time to time, too, there was a noise like fingers scrabbling against the outer hull. She’d been told it was pressurized air, trapped beneath the vessel and managing to burst its way up the side to freedom. But still the noises alarmed her.
The kettle drum clanging of the hull didn’t worry her so much. She could hear, transmitted through the water, the corresponding sounds of the other submarine as the water pressure clenched them ever more fiercely. Since it was unlikely both vessels would fail, hearing the same sounds from both reassured her all was fine.
She turned from the black circle of the porthole and looked around her at the interior of the compartment. The others in her group gazed back, some with unfocused eyes, turning the apprehension in on themselves, others grimly, watchful, poised for an emergency.
They were sitting on bare metal benches running along the side walls. Beside her were Westing and Sadovy. Paris and Brunning were on the opposite side. They all wore the plain burgundy jumpsuits that they’d use on the mission to Venus. The jumpsuits were made of a soft cotton-like material on the inside, designed to wick away moisture, and a stiffer synthetic material on the outside. Two zippers ran down the front and side, and there was a hood that could be pulled up and fastened tight around the face with a drawstring. 
There were no shoes, but all of them were wearing matching burgundy gloves and tabi socks. 
The point was to give them some protection against heat, though of course the jumpsuits would not protect them against the raw Venusian atmosphere. In the biome, they’d also have a warm outer jacket and a smock-like waterproof. Everything was burgundy, which the mission designers had decided was a better choice than the regulation NASA orange. It wouldn’t stand out so much in the color-shifted environment of the biome, so it shouldn’t frighten the natives.
Underwear was white cotton, no seams. That was fine for Paris’s girlish physique, but Shannon could have done with more support, and certainly a more flattering line. The costume made her feel fatter than ever.
The jumpsuits were too snug in other ways, too. It might just be the cold that triggered it, or some sort of feedback loop was in operation, but she could see the bumps of Paris’s nipples pushing out of the material. And Westing, granite that he was, might have his hands clenched in his lap in grim determination, but they were concealing from Sadovy an army grade erection. Since most women can sense an erection at forty paces, both Shannon and Paris were well aware of it. Trying to lose it before they hit bottom was probably keeping Westing’s mind off the descent, so it couldn’t be a bad thing.
Their compartment was in the mid-section of the submarine. A separate, self-contained compartment housed the ship’s crew, with whom Brunning alone was in communication. Another led to the outside.
Which is where they’d be going, as soon as they were down.
Water dribbled off the weld-lines in the curved ceiling and ran in a motionless coil down the side of one of the supporting struts. Shannon knew it was probably just condensation. She knew that. But the next time the hull clanged her eyes snatched back up to the welding, trying to decide if there was more water now. 
She forced herself to try to relax, turned her attention to Westing’s erection. Less than thirty centimeters from her hip, half a meter from a place that was beginning to ache for it.
‘Hey, soldier,’ she murmured. ‘I never asked your first name.’
‘Kyle,’ Westing said. His voice was cracked like an adolescent boy’s, breaking an octave unpredictably, but they’d all now finally stopped gasping, three days on from the operation. ‘After how friendly you were getting in Singapore, is there any reason why you’re asking now?’
She shrugged. ‘I like to know who I failed to get off with.’
He grinned. ‘You didn’t fail, Dr. Shannon. As I recall, you were interrupted.’
They both glanced up at Brunning, who was staring fixedly out one of the portholes, and then Westing’s eyes slipped over to Paris’s nipples again.
It didn’t matter. Now she had something to call it. Big Kyle.
Paris should get a medal. Inadvertently she was preventing at least two of the others from chewing the walls.
Sadovy seemed bored by the entire operation. She could imagine him whining, ‘are we there yet?’ The fact that he didn’t was probably a macho thing in him, but his attempts at macho were laughable compared to the Marines. He merely looked petulant, as if he resented their instructors for telling him he couldn’t wear his HeatReis on the drop.
‘There it is,’ Brunning said all of a sudden. She looked back out her porthole.
Sliding gradually out of the darkness, lit in the unreal flash of their spots, was what looked like a massive fossilized tree stump, covered in lichen and mould. Impossibly gnarled and twisted, it sank slowly past, breaking into branches, knotting and thickening. It seemed to stretch down forever.
The debris that choked the water, motionless before, was dragged into fierce lines around it.
‘This is one of the chimneys,’ Brunning told them. ‘There’s a whole group of these, rising up to twenty meters from the base of the field. We’ll be heading for some of the newer structures buried in the field itself. Touchdown in ninety seconds.’
‘They call it Loki’s Castle,’ Westing told her. ‘It’s supposed to look like the stronghold of a giant.’
Apt, she thought. The towers of a giant’s castle, venting smoke in the deepest sooty pits of the ocean.
They’d come down from a battered arctic support vessel not far from the spring ice floe. Greenland was the closest landmass, far off across the foaming, ice-flecked sea, and Iceland, down in the tropical south. 
The ship was all churning metal, chains slamming and grinding, Bayfield retching in the briefing room. In contrast the submarines were quiet, still, timeless, and unreal. It was Brunning who brought them back to reality.
‘We’re two and a half kilometers down,’ he said. ‘Not deep by oceanographic standards, but that’s 2.5 thousand meters of water pressing on our heads. No light can get through from above. The temperature never changes. No day, no night. No up, no down. No orientation whatsoever. It’s not a perfect match for what we’ll be facing on the surface of Venus, but it’s the closest terrestrial extreme we could think of. Ten seconds to ground.’
There was a soft bump, and the submarine shuddered slightly. Water droplets danced off the ceiling and speckled Shannon’s jumpsuit.
‘Okay, we’re down,’ Brunning said. ‘You’ll be going out together, the four of you from this sub alongside the four in the other. Myself and Magritte, as experienced users, will stay behind to suit and unsuit you. In addition, Westing in this group and Gilmore in the other have experience of the firewalker systems and can help you if you get into difficulties during the EVA. We’ll remain in open communication throughout. Julia, you’ve got a couple of mods. Transcription readout in your hud, and a panic button in your left hand.’
Paris nodded. Shannon felt her hands clench. If they were this scared on a drop into the Earth’s own ocean, what were they going to feel stepping out onto another planet?
Brunning stood and made his way to the rear of the compartment and the hatch leading to the area where the firewalkers were waiting for them. She smelled the sweat of his underarms as he brushed past her, the first definite smell she’d experienced in days.
The air had cleared, she realized. The condensation that had sprinkled over them when they hit bottom was gone already.
She put a hand to the wall of the hull and realized it was warm outside.
‘The heat’s the main reason we’re here,’ Brunning said, noticing her surprise. ‘In the largest of the active vents, the temperature’s up to 450 degrees Celsius, close to the surface of Venus. The pressure stops it boiling, so it comes out of the ground as angry as superheated steam, and thick enough you won’t see a thing once you’re inside. Exactly what we want you to experience. The water is extremely acidic, though not quite the sulfuric stew we’ll be dealing with on the planet. You’ll be walking on a ground of fiercely hot inorganic sulfides, like a baked sulfur crust. It’s fragile over the vents, but it should take your weight. You’ll be tethered just in case.’
‘There’s a disconnect with the pressure,’ Sadovy said. ‘Since I’m stuck in the wet panties group—no offence, Westing—I guess I have to be the one who points it out.’
‘No offence to me,’ Westing said. ‘I’m merely the guide. The question is why they put you in this group.’
‘Reyes is correct,’ Brunning said. ‘At two and a half kilometers down, the pressure’s more than twice what you’ll experience on Venus. That’s still within tolerance for your firewalkers, but it’s cutting it fine. The reason we chose this location, rather than anywhere more shallow, is because these are considered the most stable vents in the mid-Atlantic ridge. We don’t want to trigger a seismic event.’
Oh great, Shannon thought. Sadovy raises a concern and Brunning eases that concern by coming up with something even worse.
‘There are other disconnects,’ Brunning continued. ‘Your suit’s been weighted to compensate for buoyancy. That’s true on Venus, but to a lesser extent. And you’re not fitted with pieterra discharge lasers, so the heat’s going to build up. Hopefully the currents will dissipate most of it.’
He began to unscrew the hatch. 
‘At the first sign of trouble, you’ll have to get back to the sub,’ he said. ‘We can drag you in, but that’s not the purpose of this exercise.’
‘What’s the purpose of this exercise?’ Shannon asked.
Brunning glanced at Sadovy.
‘Survival,’ he said.

In the other submarine, Gilmore was supposed to be in command but it was Rowe who was doing all the talking.
‘There are twelve main hydrothermal vents in this complex,’ he told the others. ‘The older ones are the chimneys you saw on the way down. Younger ones still churning up metal sulfides from the floor of the dome. They’re called black smokers, for obvious reasons.’
Obvious, Bayfield thought. She stared at the white shapes of her fingers. Billowing up lava from underwater volcanoes at the very depths of the trench running alongside the mid-Atlantic ridge. A hundred ways to kill you. Instantly, just like that. 
The kindergarten seemed a long way away. And for the thousandth time, she wondered what in god’s name she was doing here.
This wasn’t Sarah Bayfield at all. This was some other woman. She didn’t belong in this team.
The others were soldiers, mainly. Magritte, wild as one of her monkeys, flailing his limbs and beating at the metal walls of the compartment. Hard to tell if he was insane, retarded, or the most balanced of the lot of them. Gilmore and Mann, whose hobbies probably involved stripping down rifles and polishing boots. They had keen eyesight, too, from trying to spot the enemy in their high-powered binoculars. In other words, all drill, no combat. 
And Rowe. Absurd, pompous, self-important Rowe, with his hood drawn up over his shamefully bald head and his goatee dripping spit. An arrow hanging from his neck like a talisman, a word well named for having the gender embedded in it. Using them, as he used everybody, as his own personal audience. She hadn’t spoken to him since he dangled that fucking Sun woman in her face, taunting her with his celebrity. 
You smell, Sarah Bayfield, she told herself brutally. Every man knows it, the moment you step in the room. You smell of animals, of disinfectant, of menstruation. Everyone can smell you. They all smile, but they’re secretly thinking, what the hell is that stink?
‘The plumes sit on a mound of deposits hundreds of centuries old,’ Rowe continued. ‘We call them volcanogenic massive sulfide ore deposits: domes of minerals the size of football stadiums, laced with old chimneys and new fumaroles, the vents out of which the hot water is pouring. We’ve come to rest on top of one of these stadium-sized domes. Because it’s sedimentary, and not eroded by weather, it forms a landscape unlike anything else on the planet. Extraterrestrial, if you like.’
He looked at the three soldiers, and at Bayfield. The men were quietly efficient. He knew they were intelligent, but the explanation was lost on them. They weren’t on the mission as scientists. They probably knew little about astronomy and cared less. As for anthropology, that wasn’t even in their sphere of experience.
Bayfield was more of a problem. He’d been directing his attention at her for days, but with little success. He felt she was like a drowning woman, kicking about on the surface of the sea. As long as he kept shouting at her, she kept struggling to stay afloat. The moment he stopped she’d sink like a stone.
‘One minute to floor,’ Gilmore said.
It was probably a mistake to take them all to his favorite restaurant in Singapore, knowing Sun would be there. For all the others, the actress was simply one more exotic accoutrement in the globe-striding grandeur of Warwick Rowe. They’d appreciated the glamour. But he’d realized too late that Bayfield wasn’t reacting to his fame like a fan. She was reacting to him like a stalker. A groupie who thought she had exclusivity. She hadn’t been dazzled by Sun (the phrase was an old cliché, having first been used by a movie critic in Feed), but threatened by her. 
Dammit, he hadn’t been offering himself to Bayfield as a conquest. And he couldn’t help it if she was so sexually immature as to think he had.
The submarine bumped slightly.
‘That’s the floor,’ Gilmore said. ‘Five minutes while the crew checks we’re stable, then we’ll start offloading.’
Magritte was peering out the porthole. He could just see a rubbled, gray-brown surface fading out of the reach of the spots. It climbed into jagged peaks and the stacks of the chimneys. Small vents were pushing out smoke all over the visible surface. Here and there, tiny white things swayed in the heat. They seemed to be clustered about the vents.
‘There’s life out there,’ he said.
Rowe nodded. ‘Abundant life,’ he said. ‘Adapted here, in a closed community in the heat of the smokers. One thing we find time and again in our own planet is just how tenacious life is, how it will not only cling to environments that we would consider too hostile to support it, but thrive in them. In deep caves, in the ice, on the upper edge of the stratosphere, and down here. Refuting, each time, those imbeciles who try to limit life’s ability to seize every possible opportunity open to it.
‘For example, there are still scientists who believe life can only survive in an environment lit by the sun, in a habitat fuelled by photosynthesis at the bottom of the food chain. But there’s no sunlight down here. No photosynthesizing plants at the base of it all. And yet these animals live perfectly well by chemosynthesis, converting hydrogen sulfide and methane directly into energy. 
‘If life can do that here, imagine what it can do in all the other so-called hostile environments in the universe.’
‘But they’re doomed,’ Magritte said. ‘Professor, if the vents stop, the heat dies. They’ll freeze to death.’
‘True,’ Rowe said. ‘A dome might stay active for fifty years or less before becoming dormant. This one’s remarkably long-lived, and still increasing in activity. But soon it’ll close up.’
‘Worthless, then,’ Magritte said. ‘A bunch of life grows here, and then it all dies out. What’s the point?’
‘Evolution doesn’t work like that,’ Rowe said. ‘Don’t forget, many people—myself among them—think that life on Earth may have gained its first foothold around primordial black smokers. The hot water pumped up organic detritus, which fanned out into cooler water, adapted, and created new habitats. Today this life is busy spreading out and colonizing other areas for hundreds of kilometers all around. Guess how.’
Silence. Were they thinking about the problem? Rowe wondered. He didn’t expect Bayfield to respond to him, but maybe one of the Marines might have an idea. Or maybe not.
‘The sea floor’s cold,’ he reminded them. ‘Two degrees Celsius, the deep ocean limit. Dark. No plants. No bacteria. Nothing at all. Just like the surface of the moon.’
‘There must be islands,’ Magritte said. ‘Stepping stones.’
‘Right.’ Rowe pointed his gloved finger at Magritte like he was a child in class. ‘What kind of stepping stones?’
Magritte said nothing.
‘Corpses,’ Bayfield said. ‘Old, bloated, puffed-up corpses.’
Rowe’s finger curled up. His hand dropped back in his lap.
Mann found something fascinating to do with the straps that held equipment in place under his seat.
‘Is she right?’ Magritte asked Rowe, oblivious. ‘Is it corpses?’
‘Yes, Jason,’ Rowe said after a while. ‘We call them whale falls. Dead whales plump down on the ocean floor. Distributed, let’s say, on average one corpse every 25 square kilometers across the entire ocean. They’re like oases, just near enough apart for life to make it from one to the other, if it’s lucky. Their bodies form habitats that support the entire ecosystem.’
‘Wow,’ said Magritte.
‘That’s what we’re looking for in space right now,’ Rowe said. ‘Whale falls between us and the stars. Just close enough that we can make it, if we’re—’
There was a squawking noise from the metal-faced loudspeaker fixed in a corner of the compartment. Brunning’s voice came over the radio.
‘You all reading me now?’ he asked.
‘Comms is fine, sir,’ Gilmore reported.
‘Magritte, you on channel?’
‘On channel, sir, and the only one on solids,’ Magritte said. ‘Hey, you guys have got to hear this. Do you know how—’
‘Save it till later,’ Brunning said. ‘We’re heading out. Westing’s leading the way here. Gilmore, bring your team in behind us.’
‘Understood,’ Gilmore said. He turned to the others. ‘It’s open comms from now on,’ he said. ‘So keep the chatter to a minimum. Mundane only.’ He meant that, just as in the military, each person would enunciate everything they were doing, painstakingly and in simple English. ‘Let’s get you kitted up and checked out, and then we’re in the field.’
Rowe looked at Mann as they filed toward the firewalker compartment.
‘The field?’ he said. ‘Your buddy thinks we’re headed into a battle zone.’
Gilmore shoved down the heavy metal handle and swung open the pressure door.
‘Aren’t we?’ Mann said.

Water boiled up around Shannon’s feet. It was a good analogy, she thought, though the water here wasn’t technically at a high enough temperature to boil, and anyway was inhibited from doing so by the pressure.
She watched it churning around the ankles and legs of her firewalker. The suit was a snug, rigid exoskeleton made exactly to her dimensions of a formed, glittering graphene compound lined with hardgel. Inside it was laced with cooling and dehumidifying circuits. You climbed in through a panel at the back, using grips on the shoulders to jump up and slip your socked feet down into the padded pockets of the unit’s legs. There was pressure from sprung strips of metal, the suit’s terminals riding against your peroneal and sciatic nerves. Then you threaded in your arms and ducked in your head. You could close and seal your own unit automatically, or get someone else to do it for you manually.
The fact that it was made to her dimensions was a luxury: that wouldn’t be true of the firewalkers they’d have on Venus. The suits would adjust a little, but they’d been made to accommodate the bulkiest and tallest of the team, and the rest would just have to deal with it. Shannon wasn’t as tall as Rowe, but she was tall enough for it not to be an issue. Sadovy and Paris might have more of a problem.
Under her hands she found banks of tactile controls. As her fingers grazed them, each control’s function and settings appeared as an icon on the hud glowing just beneath the firewalker’s viewing slot. The hud had a virtual focal depth of eight centimeters—any closer and you wouldn’t be able to focus on it comfortably—so the display seemed to hover in the space in front of the suit. To use a control, she had only to press her thumb on the execute stud while it was lit up in her hud. 
Servo units reacted automatically to the movements of her limbs and head, enabling her to walk, manipulate objects and look around. 
Though the viewing slot was narrow, it was actually just like a slim pair of glasses. She had a remarkably broad field of view. Filters, light enhancers and zoom software increased her view still further. A radio gave her constant two-way communication with the rest of the team, and the unit’s environmental controls kept her cool, dry, and bathed in fresh air.
It seemed like a friendly piece of equipment. Except there was no purpose to the unit except under extreme environmental conditions, such as those down here or on the surface of Venus. The comfort was an illusion. The suit would be struggling to keep her alive.
‘Check in,’ Brunning said. ‘Alphabetical order, how’s the team?’
There was a beep on her suit, and a green light lit up paris ok on her hud. Then Sadovy said, ‘I’ve got an amber light on my CO2 splitter.’
‘Ignore it,’ Brunning said. ‘You won’t be out more than half an hour. Ruth?’
‘Everything looks green,’ she said.
‘Mine checks out too, sir,’ Westing said.
‘Good,’ Brunning said. ‘My displays concur. When you’re fully immersed we’ll open the outer door. The others are still suiting and will join you at the vents.’
Shannon looked around her. The four of them were standing in the small, cylindrical body of the firewalker chamber, all in the graphene suits with their bulky backpacks. There was no way of telling who was in which of the suits, as the viewing slots were black from the outside and there were no labels on the suits themselves. Anything like that would be burned up or dissolved away in Venus’s atmosphere. But as each firewalker came into her view the name of the occupant appeared on her hud.
The water was bubbling around their chests. She felt absolutely nothing of the outside environment. It was as easy to move her limbs in the water as it had been when she was in the air. 
A thick, dark, soupy liquid slopped against her viewing slot, engulfed her. Simultaneously her suit’s external spots blinked on, twin shafts of white light slicing through the murk. She saw the lights of the others, heavily diffracted, dancing around her in the small chamber.
‘Gilmore, you set?’ Brunning asked.

Rowe slid into his firewalker. He thought about all the scientists and technicians who had worked on the suit, designed it, tested it, defined its tolerances. Every machine had its weakest point. The technicians would have known that. Each time they improved the weakest point, something else became the weakest point. They would have decided when to stop development. When they ran out of time or money, or when their manager had had enough of their dicking about. 
It was a sobering thought, putting your life in the hands of other people. You did it every time you rode a vehicle or crossed a bridge or entered an elevator. You did it every time you filled your glass from the faucet or sat down to a restaurant meal. You did it in a thousand ways every day. Modern life meant putting your trust in other people all the time.
‘Sealing up now, sir,’ Gilmore said behind him. ‘With you in five minutes.’
He felt Magritte swing his backpack and access panel shut and clamp it in place. His hud blinked and came on steady, a wall of green numbers. Green meant tolerances. Green meant acceptable risks.
‘What do I do?’ he heard Bayfield asking on the radio. Her voice was peevish, subdued.
‘Just follow the lights,’ Gilmore said.

The outer hatch opened. Westing stepped down out of the submarine and onto the surface of the dome. It crunched underfoot, a brittle surface of plates of mineral deposits seamed white with bacteria.
‘All right, Ruth,’ he said. ‘You’re next. Put your foot firmly on the ground and come out after me.’
She lifted her leg, pushed through the dark water to the hatch. Westing was standing outside, his spots shimmering. The claws that were her hands grasped the rim of the door. She levered herself over. 
‘There you go,’ Westing said. ‘Easy as falling.’
She clumped forward, moving across the dome. The ground was lumpy, unformed, like slag. It was, in fact, exactly what it looked like: solidified lava, newly risen out of a volcano and not yet softened by erosion. 
The bacteria formed sheets of white powder draped over the rocks. It puffed up as she stirred the water, stains of white billowing around her. With the debris already in the water, and the blowing of the hot vents somewhere in the darkness ahead, it was impossible to see much. Her spots cast a wall of light back at her, like driving on full beam in the fog.
‘Don’t wander off until I’ve got the tether on,’ Westing told her. ‘You don’t want to slip off the edge of this thing.’
‘At what point,’ she said, ‘are you going to make encouraging noises?’
‘Just keeping you safe,’ Westing said. ‘You get complacent, you make mistakes. Okay Reyes, time to prove you’ve got balls in those panties.’

Bayfield felt the constriction like a dark, smothering blanket, wrapped around her face. She thought she’d have a panic attack, but then all the green lights of her hud winked on, reassuring her.
Unlike Rowe, she had very little trust in other people. She knew how lousy most people are. The more you knew, the less you trusted your fellow creatures. Something was always wrong. Nothing had ever been thought through completely. 
‘Did you feel that?’ Magritte asked suddenly.
‘No,’ she said. ‘What?’
‘That’s fine,’ Magritte said. ‘One more egg, heading for the poacher.’

‘We’re moving,’ Westing said. ‘One after another, following my lights. You got me in your hud?’
Three replies: two vocal, one a signal from Paris.
‘All right. The tether’s in place. Let’s go.’
He turned away and began to move off into the darkness. Sadovy and Paris followed him. Last in the chain, Shannon waited until Paris was far enough away for the long tether to rise from the ground and pushed after them. As, seemingly, the second most capable in their group, she’d been put on point.
Her lights danced across the extraordinary surface of the dome. Everywhere it rose into obstructions, great clumps of rock like the masonry left after a carpet bombing. Snowy drifts of bacteria clung to all the faces. The exposed rock was brown, seamed with livid orange.
Rocks skittered and tumbled beneath Paris’s feet, and beneath her own. The sediment kicked up by their progress was making it difficult to see the others. She trusted the tether to lead her.
‘It’s still amber,’ Sadovy complained.
‘Forget it,’ Brunning said. ‘Tell me the moment it turns red.’
‘You want it to fail before I tell you?’ Sadovy said.
‘Are you all here?’ Westing asked again. 
Shannon said ‘yes’, and Paris signaled.
‘Ruth,’ Westing said, ‘I hope you’re watching your temperature gauge.’
‘No,’ she said. ‘Which one is it?’
Something flashed briefly, down in the left hand corner of her hud. He could switch control to her systems, or Brunning was doing it.
‘I see it,’ she said. ‘Rising sharply.’
‘You’ll know we’ve reached our destination,’ Westing said, ‘when it goes off the scale.’

Rowe moved across the rocks of the dome. Everywhere he looked life was grabbing the opportunity to grow, to reproduce, to colonize, to own its environment.
The bacteria, of course, were low in this habitat’s food chain. First to arrive, first to gain a foothold. But now he could see riftia tubeworms, white and blind and obscene, waving their burnt red cilia from crevices among the rocks. Tongues flicking at the hot rich water. An albino crab scuttled suddenly across the rocks, disturbed by the approach of his team.
‘Look at this,’ Gilmore said.
He was standing on the edge of a chasm that plunged into darkness. Small vents burst up hot water all around it.
The chasm was a teeming mass of pinky white shrimps.
‘My god,’ Bayfield said.
‘Best boiled seafood on the planet,’ Gilmore said. ‘Wish I’d brought my net.’ 

‘Here’s the smoker,’ Westing said. 
He stood poised on the edge of a terrific billowing column of smoke that streamed up ahead of him. The vent must be ten meters in diameter, Shannon thought. Within it she could see nothing. It was just a wall of black, ashy smoke.
‘Calm down, Ruth,’ Brunning said. ‘Don’t hyperventilate.’
She realized that her breathing had become harsh and erratic. Her heart was pounding. 
‘That’s easy for you to say,’ she muttered, ‘back there in the security of the submarine.’
‘I didn’t want to tell you on the way down,’ Brunning said, ‘but the sub’s tolerances are lower than a firewalker’s. This is old tech: steel mostly, a bit of hardgel retrofitted in the portholes. I wish I was out there with you.’
She stepped forward. The rocks skittered under her feet. She stumbled, almost fell. 
‘Damn.’
‘Calm down,’ Brunning repeated. ‘Concentrate on what you’re doing.’
‘I am,’ she said forcefully, ‘concentrating.’
She heaved herself on. The other three were standing on the edge of the wall of smoke.
‘Where are you, Gilmore?’ Westing said. 

‘Right here.’ 
Gilmore pushed his way across the dome to the ridge. He saw the other group’s lights shining in the darkness. They illuminated the vast twisting columns of the smoke, rising above them.
Rowe climbed onto the ridge and stared at the smoke.
‘Our house really is on fire,’ he said.

‘I’m stepping in now,’ Westing said. ‘Follow me one at a time. You’ll have no visibility, so keep an eye on your hud. It’ll show you the safe places to stand. Don’t panic if you get a red light. Just step back out of the vent.’
He moved forward. The smoke burst around his firewalker, engulfing him. At once a yellow outline appeared on Shannon’s view, exactly where Westing had been. It revealed his position even though he was no longer visible to her.
For a long time there was nothing. The line trailed into the smoke, slowly slipping away.
Then Westing said, ‘Reyes, you’re next.’

Gilmore stepped into the smoker. Second in the chain, Rowe moved forward until he was on the very brink of the smoke. He could feel the current pushing up past him, as if trying to haul him off his feet.
He lifted his arm, forced it into the flow. There was no sense of pressure but the smoke blasted around his arm, forming whirls and eddies. At once there was a blaze of amber on his temperature gauge. Climbing rapidly into the 400s. Toward those tolerances.
Lifting the other arm, he mimed parting two curtains with his hands, curtains of smoke, and stepped through them.

Sadovy had gone into the smoke. He was another yellow outline on her display. Then Paris plunged in after him. 
Shannon reached the lip of the vent. The superheated water billowed up in a wall right in front of her. She could see that the others were inside, the three from her team and two from the other team. Only herself, Bayfield and Mann were still outside. Even as she watched, Sarah was stepping forward.
She willed her right leg to lift, pivoted, and let it swing her into the smoke.

Bayfield watched Rowe go into the black smoker. She watched the tether snake away, buffeted slightly by the current.
She moved to the edge of the vent.
‘It’s like fireworks,’ she said. ‘All your life’s fireworks, all at once.’
She stepped forward into the flow.

Burning smoke erupted all around him. Rowe gasped, feeling the tremendous heat, the unfathomable fury of the planet under his feet, in the cracks that split the rocks beneath him like the lacerations of wounds where the tectonic plates were tearing themselves apart. He was standing over the exposed core of the world. Right over the raging volcano, the shattering voice of the Earth.
Here life was born. Here, in this primeval heat, the heat of an exploded sun condensed into balls of spinning white-hot metal at the dawn of the solar system. Around which narrow crusts had formed, and on which human beings crawled in that thin meniscus between raging fire and the freezing cold of space.
Thinking creatures, here in what was one of the most treacherous and unpredictable places in the universe. A molten radioactive planet orbiting a fractured, violent sun. The moment you stopped to think about it, you were doomed. You’d go mad with the horror of your situation, a horror you could never escape.
Just live, and die, and give birth to more people to crawl about on the narrow crust and try to block the horror from their minds.
For the first time in his life, Warwick Rowe felt humbled.

Shannon stood in the smoker. She could tell that the heat was phenomenal: 485 degrees Celsius according to her display. She couldn’t see much outside, just a booming mass of hot smoke whipping past her viewing slot. But the enormity of the action affected her deeply. 
Imagine a whole planet like this, she thought. That’s where we’re going. Into the firestorm.
It was the most exhilarating feeling she’d ever experienced. The sense of complete helplessness in the face of something huge and brutal and unrelenting.
Rowe was right, she thought. He was right in the museum simulation, and he’s right now. Our home is on fire and we should be running for the exit.
And then she heard the screams.

Wrong. Wrong. Dreadfully wrong. Panic seized her muscles, seized her brain. She clawed helplessly at space, shouting wordlessly, screwed up in her panic and battering, again and again and again, at the fact that she was going to die.
She thrashed, yelled, screamed shrilly and in a pain that was at first mental, and then very truly, very definitely physical.
Sirens were blaring, loud, threatening. Everything on her hud was red. Lights pulsing and skipping. All around her nothing but blasts of hellish smoke.
‘Oh god,’ Bayfield cried. ‘Oh god, oh god.’
Her legs were burning off. Burning away. Pulses of heat knifing up into her groin and stomach and chest.
Gasping. Gasping. 
‘Oh god don’t let me—god don’t let me—’
Somebody was shouting at her. Flickering yellow outlines in her display. She tried to run backwards, fell.
There was a moment of weightlessness, a moment when the world seemed to whoom and distort and expand. Then something gave to the side of her head. Her instinct was to thrust her head in that direction, turning the firewalker.
The action popped it open like a dough can, heated and twisted until it burst apart in shreds of buckled metal.


* * * *


One Last Shot (complete new story)

It’s the end of the human adventure, and we’re going out with a bang. Here is the first of several references to the title of this sampler, Born From Ash. Our solar system coalesced out of the remnants of a long past explosion. We’re all made of stardust, the product of something glorious and extinct. The point this story makes is a sly one, and until you get there it just wants to screw with your head. The more you hate these hunters, setting off on their final safari, the more successful it’s been.

We’d just scrambled down to the position Boterre had designated the fire zone when the incendiaries went off.
There wasn’t much of an explosion. A series of orange fireballs puffed up over the tree line, forming an arc with ourselves hunkered down in the only clear exit.
I saw Boterre skittering toward us, his face ruddy in the light. 
A moment later all hell broke loose. The undergrowth crackled, shuddered, and tore apart. My ears rang with screaming. The ground shook from thundering feet, heading this way.
I raised my gun and sighted at the path where they were about to emerge.

There were three of us on that hunt. 
Boterre was the eldest, and had the most experience. With his etched cheeks, unshaven chin and black teeth, I thought of him as a disreputable uncle. No doubt it was an impression he savored. He looked like he’d deck you rather than lose an argument. I liked him a lot. 
Counter was just a kid, with narrow fingers and wide eyes. I guessed he was there to prove himself a man while he still could. When the panic started, we all wanted to prove ourselves still men. Not that it was going to do us any good, when it came down to it. But Counter exemplified one thing: of all human emotions, pride, however absurdly we clung to it, would be the last to fall.
In Halifax, pacing the concourse while I waited interminably for the flight down, I’d seen the whole gamut of human emotion, from the fear-smeared mascara of masked faces in the waiting room to the grimly armed guards at the barriers, alert for old-fashioned and largely irrelevant forms of terrorism. 
I’d even seen a child, a girl maybe two years old, wheeled through the airport in a combination of buggy and isolation bubble. Behind the plastic, slightly inflated to have a higher pressure than outside, she’d been playing with a toy rocket, bumping it uselessly against the inside of the bubble. There were little dents all over the plastic, focusing the overhead lights on her face like round bright pustules. The mother wheeled her away before I could get too close.
I found myself thinking, on all the hours over the ocean, that this was probably the last child I would ever see.
I tried not to remember the two small bodies, wrapped in polyethylene, awaiting their turn in the incinerator.
The plane was packed with men like me. Many of them were drunk before we took off, and those that weren’t were catching up pretty damn quick. I took whatever was offered me, and downed it in one.
As soon as we were airborne, the real party began. Most of the men had blotchy faces and bloodshot eyes. Some of them were well on the way out. Between the shouting, singing and sloshing of liquor, everyone was coughing, and no one wore a mask.
I knew the names of the two men I’d been teamed with, and made an effort to go find them. 
I discovered that Boterre was already on the ground, and had been for a while. I wondered what kind of state he’d be in. 
Counter was asleep at the back of the plane. His skin was unblemished, but I could see the first traces of red in his half-closed eyes, gathering there like threadworms, ugly and seething and with a world of their own to conquer. I noticed photos in his hand and eased them out, but all the heads had been torn off. Torsos only, gesticulating outside school gates, holding candles before shrines, pressing flesh on the parrot-fish sand of a Caribbean beach. 
Even when I shook him awake it was impossible to get a conversation out of him. He’d taken some kind of sedative. I guess Counter didn’t want to think about home any more than I did.

The first glimpse I had of Africa was the great blood-colored smear of the Nigerian oil fields. Every well had been busted. A pall of smoke hung far out to sea. 
Inland, too, everything was wrecked. The remains of towns and villages nudged out of the tidelines of desolation. It took another hour before I saw the first uncontaminated patch of green.
We headed deep inside, for the Gombe border. The forest gave way to savanna, and hills punched up. 
Once I saw giraffes loping across the plain, perhaps startled by our passing. I saw isolated fires and the silent bloom of an explosion. I craned, but I couldn’t see the flash of the guns.

I’d expected to come down in one of the towns in Bauchi, but that wasn’t possible. I would later learn that almost all the inland infrastructure had been trashed in the dying convulsions of the native population as thoroughly as the oil fields had.
Instead, our landing strip was a bare rectangle of red earth bulldozed out of the forest. A collection of rough prefab buildings lined it, and what looked like empty refugee tents. Rows of jeeps were waiting for us.
The landing was heavy. At the end of the runway the plane taxied around, ready to take off the moment it had refueled. I saw the kerosene trucks coming, kicking up dust, and men running alongside with makeshift disembarking stairs.
I hauled my pack out of the overhead and joined the queue. We’d arrived in an empty land. Nigeria used to be the most populous country in Africa, but now the only faces I saw were white.

I emerged in the dry heat of mid-afternoon. There was a taint of oil in the air, but I guessed it was from the refueling. My head was thick from alcohol and fatigue. I noticed there was nobody lined up at the bottom of the steps for the journey back.
Below me, men staggered off to the waiting jeeps, packs on their shoulders. I clattered down the stairs and put my boots on the soil.
A man was signaling me. The hunt organizers must have emailed him my photo. I waited for Counter to come down the stairs, taking each one like a sailor sick to be back on land, and headed over.
It was Boterre, his leathery skin burnished by the hard African sun. There were blotches all over his face, but he looked better than I’d expected. Nevertheless, I gave him less than a week.
He shook my hand, nodded to the kid.
‘You’ve hunted before, Nussey, of course,’ he said.
‘Prairie stock,’ I told him. ‘This is natural for me.’
‘What’s your usual prey?’
‘Deer,’ I said. ‘I shot a bear once.’
‘You’ll find this different. More stimulating. Harder to stomach, if you’re not used to it.’
He was glancing at the kid again. I told him I was ready for anything.
He gripped my hand again, held it tight, as if gauging the tremor. I didn’t have any tremor. But then, neither did he, and he was clearly further gone than me. 
Some of the other jeeps were already setting out, bouncing over the rutted trails into the jungle. But Boterre kept us here a moment longer.
‘Most of those fools are heading south, to the river,’ he said. ‘No worthwhile prey left there. We’ll go up into the hills, where I’ve got my base. A harder journey, but better pickings.’
He unclipped the back of the jeep and opened a box shoved inside.
‘One thing we’re not short of is arms,’ he said. ‘There was an ethnic war here. They’re all dead now, of course. Left caches of these lying around.’
He tossed me a rifle. I pulled out the magazine and checked the action. Solid AK-47 clone, Chinese army issue. Well maintained, too. Almost no grit in the works.
Boterre passed another to Counter. ‘Sure you’ve got it, boy? This is real hunting we do, not jack rabbits.’
‘I’ve got it,’ Counter said. He stood stiff-backed in the heat, as if daring the sun to burn his face. There were sweat stains on his T-shirt.
‘When it comes to the moment,’ Boterre said, ‘hold the gun steady, and keep your eyes open.’
‘I’ve got it,’ Counter repeated sourly.
Boterre didn’t press him. ‘All right. Let’s go.’
Already I could hear the whine of the plane behind us, preparing to leave.

For several hours we followed one of the trails, banging side to side in the potholes. Lush sweeps of forest smudged into yellow savannah, expanding in ribbons on either side. The air was still laden with oil, but I got powerful woody flavors too, the thickening mulch of old growth.
Boterre kept up a commentary for the first few kilometers, getting us acquainted with the cover. Mainly overgrown oil palm plantations, with straggles of ironwood and leafflower, trees which predominated toward the uncultivated peaks of the hills.
At first I heard the distant rattle of other groups of hunters, and now and then the whoop of triumph as they hit something. Soon, though, the only noise was the roar of our own engine, and the occasional yowp of an animal in the forest beyond.
We bumped through settlements, abandoned huts, rusting corrugated shacks. Places in the shadows where the flies congregated.
‘No way to burn them here,’ Boterre shouted back at me. ‘So they just let them lie. Doesn’t make a damn difference, of course. You know the vector as well as everybody else. It’s in the air. Burning the bodies just makes us feel better.’
Once I saw something that might have been human, half decomposed in a ditch under the track we were following. 
I made sure I didn’t turn my face away, but Counter was gripping the wall of the jeep and I guessed he’d seen worse on his side. It was just as well he didn’t drink on the flight over.
‘What about the wildlife?’ I asked Boterre. ‘They eat the corpses?’
‘Sure. For a while this was a windfall for the hyenas.’ He glanced back at me. ‘But you know there’s not a single instance of it crossing species. It’s completely human-specific. I forget, you’ve been north longer than me. Where did you come down from?’
‘We found a place in Nova Scotia,’ I told him. ‘Mortgaged the rest of our lives to get up there.’
‘Your wife’s still in Canada?’
I nodded. Sitting in some cold box with no communications, but as far as I knew she was fine.
‘What about you, Boterre?’
He twisted the wheel violently over a crater in the road. ‘Well, there’s the thing,’ he said. ‘Can’t imagine anybody building a memorial for men like us, can you?’
Eventually we labored up onto a ridge, a dark serration against the lowering sky. To one side I got a magnificent view down into a broad, flat valley of untended fields. On the other the forest crowded in, purple with dusk.
‘See that?’ Boterre yelled at me. ‘There’s a plateau just above the trees. It’s depleted now, like most of this area, but I know there are still some of them left. That’s where we’ll hunt.’
He glanced up at the sun, blazing over my shoulder.
‘I’m camped this side of the ridge. Should hit it before nightfall.’

We made it, but only just. The shadows pooled out ahead of us, ill-defined in the dying light. 
The jeep clattered up the last of the trail, turned rocky now, and came to a halt before a series of one-story concrete buildings. It looked like a school, perhaps a missionary center.
While Boterre got the generator started, I kicked open the door and hauled my pack inside. 
The place smelled of too much antiseptic, but it was a good ten degrees cooler than outside. Only now with the walls around me did I feel the sunburn throbbing on my skin. 
Old books lay strewn on the floor, and there were pictures on the walls. Kids had been here, studying English. Now the only things that seemed real and human and worth a damn were the crates of munitions, and the ration packs in military metal boxes stacked inside the door.
The generator chugged into life. The lights above me glowed orange and then a dirty yellow. 
Counter was coming in, bumping his hold-all through the door. He still looked seasick, feet uncertain on the ground.
I headed on to one of the classrooms, which Boterre had set up as a dormitory. I counted ten bunks, all military. Compressed bundles of bedding in the corner. 
I grabbed a roll and tossed it at Counter.
‘Tired?’ I asked him. ‘Jet lagged?’
He shook his head. ‘I want to get started.’
‘They’ll be holed up now,’ Boterre said, leaning against the door. ‘Dawn’s the best time to get them. We’ll start at four—but I warn you, it’s a long hike. Better get some sleep now.’
I took my own roll, ripped off the seal and spread it on one of the bunks.
‘How long have you been here, Boterre?’
‘Three weeks.’ He indicated the empty bunks. ‘Don’t worry about those. I dealt with the last of them myself.’
‘Dealt with them?’ I understood the moment I said it, and gritted my teeth.
Boterre looked over at Counter. ‘I guess I’d better show you how.’

The nights got cold in the hills. But Boterre rustled up a couple of bottles of Bourbon and warmed things up considerably. I scooped food out of a US assistance meal pack, and washed it down with the liquor. Outside the darkness began its chirruping.
‘That’s not all you left,’ Boterre said. ‘Your wife, I mean.’
‘Two boys,’ I said. ‘The eldest was three. His brother—’
Boterre snorted. ‘The true crime of this thing,’ he said. ‘It gets the children first.’
Taliban flu, they called it. Of course, that was merely a slur, an easy unknown. Somebody to bomb. We still weren’t sure which group concocted the disease, and which ones released it. We only saw the way it spread. 
Boterre was right about it never crossing species: everything else was left unaffected. But among humans, there was a hundred per cent mortality.
Heat accelerated the process, which is why the remaining population had fled to the poles. It wouldn’t do them any good. Shivering in an igloo just delayed the inevitable.
It wasn’t like coming here was a death sentence. Just shortening the process. For every day I spent here, I could have had seven days up in Canada. I was amazed Boterre had lasted as long as he had.
One thing I knew for sure. One thing Mary had known, when I left her for the transport plane south. I wouldn’t be coming back.
Not that she’d care to see me in the last few days, any more than I’d care to see her. A vicious little plague, this Taliban flu. You didn’t want to witness the end.
By the time they wrapped our boys up in Saran, there was little left of them but the bones. They’d hacked up everything else. Literally, there would be pieces of internal organs coming up in the coughing fits.
I didn’t mention the other one. The one whose lungs had turned inside out in the womb.
Were we still men? I glanced over at Counter, sitting motionless on his bunk, and wondered about that. The Bourbon was hard in my throat.
No, we weren’t quite men. But we weren’t quite dead, either.

It was completely dark when Boterre nudged me awake. I’d been choking in a fog of angry dreams. My head pounded from rage and liquor and hopelessness.
Mary’s face, gray and haunted, dissipated over my bunk.
The hum of insects was like a wall, oppressive, crushing down on me.
It was freezing. I could hardly move. I realized that Boterre must have turned off the generator. 
‘Not for the gasoline,’ he muttered when I asked him. ‘Lord knows we’ve got enough of that. Up here, when the temperature falls, there’s a channel of air, forms a conducting medium. The sound travels straight up the ridge to the colonies. We want to take them by surprise, we need to shut it off.’
I struggled up. ‘Why don’t they move out?’
‘Why should they? This place is theirs now, Nussey, and I reckon they know it.’
He passed me a thick bandana.
‘When you cough,’ he said, ‘muffle your mouth with this. It keeps in the smell of blood.’
He slapped me on the shoulder, that disreputable uncle Boterre, and headed over to Counter.
I cricked my neck and shoulders.
‘You sleep any?’ I asked the boy. 
He shook his head. His eyes were the only thing I could see, wide in the dark.
‘Thinking of family?’
‘Impatient to go.’
‘Well,’ Boterre said brightly. ‘You paid enough for this, son. Let’s go bag ourselves a trophy or two.’

We hiked two hours in darkness, stumbling along the trail. A sliver of moon looked down at us through the clouds. 
Every so often Boterre whispered instructions, but I could tell his concentration wasn’t on me. He was making sure Counter understood every step of the way.
My rifle was slung on my back. My pack was heavy with ammunition. I could still fell the sunburn scoring holes in my face, accelerating the virus in my blood. 
Boterre held the bandana to his mouth more than I did, and his coughing was wet whereas mine was dry. A day or two, I told myself, and I’d be just the same as him.
Finally we were on our bellies, scraping up an incline. The trees leaned over us, heavy and black against the night sky. 
‘Big group,’ Boterre said, ‘right ahead. You won’t see anything yet. There’s a natural path, down there to the fig trees in the plain below.’
‘A good place for predators,’ I said.
‘Lions, maybe. Hyenas if they’re unlucky. No real enemies now the farmers have all gone.’
He indicated the plain to Counter. It glittered in moonlight.
‘The napalm will drive them down, but you’ll have to get close. There will be a moment when the panic stops, and they remember they’re supposed to be cautious when they’re out in the open. That’s the time to fire.’
Counter nodded.
I heard the distant patter of drumming.
‘Sounds like signaling, don’t it?’ Boterre chuckled. ‘Hollow roots, carry the sound for kilometers in these thermals. They’re smart all right.’
He began fixing the explosives, sculling out across the ridge to lay them one by one.
‘You think they’re smarter than we were,’ he hissed back at me, ‘when we were here in the trees?’

After the incendiaries went off, the forest was alive with movement and noise. I held my gun steady on the gap.
Suddenly a chimpanzee swung out from the edge of the clearing and dropped to the ground twenty meters away. It was full grown, massive, powerful enough to rip me limb from limb. Its eyes were wide and staring.
It came charging out into the open.
Boterre’s rifle juddered near my right ear.
The chimp didn’t even feel the bullets. It continued pounding toward me, spurting blood from wounds in its chest and belly. But then, all at once, it skidded and rolled over on its head.
Other chimps crashed out of the forest behind it.
Our guns barked, a barrage of sound. The panicking beasts piled up on the dirt.
A huge male, twice my weight, came barreling to one side of us, not down the path. I swung automatically to face it, and brought it down less than a meter away.
They kept coming. Boterre was whooping as he blasted into the colony. Even Counter was grinning, swinging his gun carefully to meet every target and firing only in short, controlled bursts. Just like the manual said. I must admit, I was impressed by him. He knew what he was doing.
Abruptly one of the beasts jagged sideways and rammed into Counter. His shots went wild. The thing was all claws and teeth, rending at the boy.
I ran to help, but Boterre snarled at me. There were other chimps, scattering into the undergrowth below.
I headed after them, jerking out my expended magazine and tossing it aside, and slamming home a new one.
The chimps were loping away through a high carpet of saplings. 
I leveled my gun at the first, brought it down, and was already picking my next target.
Behind me I heard a gun thundering, and knew Boterre was close behind.
One of the chimps leaped up a tree. I couldn’t see it through the branches. I scrambled up a bank to get a better view. Beneath me, Boterre was picking off the last of the fleeing beasts.
I glimpsed black against the tangle of branches. There was just enough light from the dying incendiary fires to get a lock. I aimed and fired.
An adult chimp fell through the tree, banging off the branches and smacking into the ground. 
Only then did I notice the child. The mother had fallen half on top of it, breaking its leg. The baby stared up at me, clinging to her blood-matted fur and chittering with fear.
I slid down the bank. There was sweat on my face. My hands began to tremble as I leveled my gun at it.
I felt Boterre’s hand on my shoulder, and managed to wrench my head around to look at him.
‘Don’t bother,’ he said. ‘Let’s go back and see what’s left of the boy.’

But he wasn’t a boy now. He was sitting on the trail, surrounded by the dead and dying chimps. He’d wrapped his bandana around his left arm, which had been gashed open.
‘You still alive?’ Boterre asked him.
Counter still had that damn grin slapped across his mouth.
‘Ready to do it again?’ Boterre said. ‘Not today, son. Today we beat down the fire, and then we head back to sleep. We’ll be out again tomorrow—and every day we can.’
He glanced at me, and I knew what it meant. I wondered if Counter did.
One of the things about Taliban flu was it just loved injury. In a hot climate, the injury would hasten the disease. 
Something fundamental had just shifted. This place was a death sentence for all of us, I knew, but it looked like I’d be the one digging the graves.

We hiked back to the school through the blurry yellow dawn. Counter held his lacerated arm to his side. 
I retched twice, but I hadn’t eaten anything so I didn’t puke. I couldn’t tell if it was part of the flu. I couldn’t wait to get back to Boterre’s stash of Bourbon in the classroom.
Behind us, there was the pall of smoke from the napalm, settling unhurriedly into the valley.

A short distance before we rejoined the track to the school, Boterre and I left Counter nursing his injury with the gear. We headed down a precipitous slope, skidding all the way. The forest gaped beneath us.
‘There used to be another colony down here,’ Boterre said. ‘We cleaned them out a while back, but I keep thinking there’s a few we missed.’
Something was lying in a hollow to one side of our route. At first I thought it was another human body, but when Boterre swept away the flies I saw fur and realized it was the carcass of a small monkey. It had been hunted down, mauled to death, and partly eaten. 
‘Red colobus,’ Boterre said. ‘This is typical of their prey. We’ll have to flush them out tomorrow.’
‘No bonobos here, though, are there?’ I said.
‘Not here. Thankfully.’
We headed back up the trail, helping each other in the steepest places.
‘There’s this thing about chimps,’ Boterre said. ‘You see them in the zoo, they look cute and lovable. But those are just the kids. You witnessed those brutes back there—huge, fast, all muscle, and this is what they’re capable of. 
‘They’re superb hunters. Better than lions, and they don’t just kill for food. Adaptable, not like gorillas. Don’t mind changes in diet or environment.
‘They’re even more ruthless than we were, at their stage in our development. Imagine what they’d be like if they were left to take over. If we weren’t keeping them in check anymore, the way we’ve been doing up to now. We got the break. Now they’re about to get theirs.’
‘If we let them,’ I said.
Boterre nodded. ‘That’s our legacy,’ he said. ‘We gutted this world of its big game. By the time they need it, come the regrowth of the forest we cut down, safe corridors to the far corners of the Earth, or the next ice age, or whatever it is gives them the next step up the evolutionary ladder, there won’t be the population of animals to support them, the way it supported us. So they only make it if they’re vicious. They’ll spread out, slashing their way to a cesspool of a world that makes ours look like Eden. Game over, then. I reckon this planet only gets one more shot at it, and that’s all. Now, the bonobos—’
He turned and sniffed the air.
‘Maybe that’s a chance,’ he said. He hacked up blood and spat it in the dirt. ‘If they weren’t so outnumbered by these brutes.’
I could see Counter up above us on the trail, grasping his arm. It would be throbbing already. Tomorrow it would be weeping. But he’d keep shooting while he could still hold the gun.
The sun seemed to fill the ridge behind him, whittling through his body, red and bloated and fiery.
 ‘Matriarchal, you know,’ Boterre said. ‘Could do with someone matriarchal for a change.’
We headed up into the heat. Beyond Counter, I could hear the chimps on the plateau, drumming their losses across the plain.


* * * *


Sudden Collision (excerpt from Residuum)

The bleakest of my novels so far, Residuum takes place in the far future. Alone on the far rim of the solar system, a group of weary men from Mars, crippled from birth by degraded genetic stock, kept functioning only by debilitating drugs, living in constant pain and horror, try desperately to salvage uncontaminated DNA from junk ships spat out from Earth centuries before. As this sequence opens, they’re battling to ferry bombs from a target ship  into their own vessel before they hit the Annulus, a ring of debris on the very brink of the heliopause. This is another link to the title Born From Ash. These characters never forget their heritage as the children of waste material, cast out from paradise and left adrift in the dark.

At first Becker thought there was something wrong with his visor.
There were no stars beyond the impact shield. It was a solid surface of black, fading to gray on one side.
Then he saw dim lights flickering among the black and realized they were occluded stars.
Stars shining fitfully through a plane of dust that stretched off as far as he could see ahead of him.
The Annulus.
A sense of dread came over him, draining the last of his strength. But they’d be safe, wouldn’t they? The impact shield, held out in front of the glider like a multi-fingered hand. It would protect them, surely?
There was the impact shield, on the edge of the wall of black, glowing red.
The gray sheen was the ship’s spots reflected off the Annulus.
Suddenly it turned a bright blinding white.
A wall of white.
Bracing himself against the cockpit panels, Becker prepared for the impact.

Hauer headed for the cavity mouth, pushing aside the floating globes of chymm with his hands. They boiled off his gloves and stuck in oily patches to imperfections in the surface of his yysch.
All of a sudden the mouth lit up white from the outside.
Instantly he was flung forward down the length of the cavity. He slammed into the gantry and was flipped over. He continued to tumble as he fell. There was a harsh crackling noise on the smut, so loud he couldn’t hear his own voice shouting.
Turning, his limbs fluttering through the chymm that seemed to fall with him, he saw briefly out of the corner of his eye Barrow far above him at the erupter cradle, hanging on desperately as their sudden deceleration tried to wrench him down after Hauer.
For a moment Barrow managed to hold on. Then a torrent of chymm burst over him. His grip failed. He plunged, his arms and legs flung out. Just like Hauer before him, he slammed into one of the cavity mechanisms and was tossed sideways into the open.
Then Hauer’s body was itself wrenched around by another impact that drove all the breath out of him and sprayed the inside of his helmet visor with spittle and sugar solution. He saw no more of Barrow.
Beneath him, thundering up through the increasing roar of the smut, the forward wall of the cavity hurtled toward him.

One moment they were in empty space. The next they were engulfed in the Schnaebeli Annulus.
In the glider’s flight deck, Becker was thrown against the controls. Blinding light filled the cockpit. He pulled himself up the vertical incline to the pilot’s seat and managed to strap himself in.
The deceleration was a constant hard gravity toward the front of the ship.
Through the cockpit window, he saw the impact shield shearing through the dust. Spits of boiling blood flew up from the rim of the shield, passing in front of the glider. The leading edge of the ice tank had rammed against the inner surface of the shield, deforming it downward.
Above him, curving away as the glider’s momentum tried to push it ahead of the ship, the bright line of the gantry bowed out toward the cavity. The stalled erupter trolley hung motionless on the gantry rails. The air pipe was a translucent arch draped beneath it.
He could see Moorwood, also stalled in his journey toward the trolley. Moorwood was clinging to the gantry, his arms wrapped over the spars, his legs hanging down.
‘It’s all right,’ Becker shouted to him over the smut. ‘The shield’s protecting us.’
Moorwood’s helmet jerked up in response, looking around for the source of the noise. He swung his legs onto the side of the gantry. He reached out with one hand and continued to pull himself toward the erupter.
The glare from the impact shield became even more intense. Becker’s attention flicked back to the cockpit window. It lit up the entire Annulus, stretching a ribbon of light out across its gray plane. The enamel plates of the shield had turned a fierce white as they carved through the dust. Great spits of fire were flying off the shield and leaping up around the two ships.
Suddenly ripples appeared in the dust plane, interrupting the light.
An eddy began to form, curling around the outer edge of the glider.
It hung stationary for a moment, a standing wave of elemental vibrations caught like a fierce promontory beneath him.
Then, with a blaze of light, the standing wave dissolved. A wall of burning dust came blasting in at the flight deck.

Hauer hit the front wall of the cavity. The vulm was covered in a deep slick of chymm that cushioned his fall. The chymm burst up around him and came hailing back down like beads of molten metal. He rolled over as more of the falling chymm erupted over him.
A moment later he saw Barrow hit the wall a few meters away, close to one of the four mouths leading forward to the engine room. Barrow’s body splashed and lay still beneath the continuing hail of chymm.
Hauer scrabbled across the slick toward him.
Barrow was face down in the mess of silver lubricant. Hauer climbed to his knees and tried to drag his yysch over to him. Barrow’s visor was crazed, opaque, bubbling with chymm.
‘I got a leak,’ he gasped. ‘Not too fast. I can feel it.’
‘I know,’ Hauer said, letting him slip back under. ‘Keep your visor submerged.’
Bubbles of air burst up, exploding as they hit the vacuum of the cavity.
Hauer lifted his head into the falling chymm and stared up at the cavity. The rain was lessening. All the suspended chymm had been driven out of the cavity leaving just the material oozing and dripping off the surfaces of the machinery. The airlock leading to the tumbler was an impossible distance away, far overhead.
‘Which locker’s the tape in?’ he said.
‘Ask Dove. He’s in charge of internal systems.’
‘Dove’s not here, Barrow. Where is it?’
Barrow convulsed, thrashing weakly at the chymm. There were deep cuts in his yysch but none of them seemed to have torn through to his own skin. He was lying in a slick of vulm blood and chymm. One arm managed to lift out of the mess.
‘Under the gantry deployment mechanism,’ he said. His voice was noticeably quieter. ‘On the left side.’
Hauer saw the compartment, fixed in the vertical wall of vulm a hundred meters above. There was a constant roar all around him, an angry droning. It wasn’t the smut, which was now quiet. It was the sound of the ship plowing through the Annulus.
‘Wait here,’ he said. ‘Don’t try to lift your head.’
He scrabbled on across the chymm, heading for the nearest of the ladders.

Becker saw the dust stream in around the edge of the impact shield.
He saw Moorwood, moving fast now on his hands and knees, heading for the erupter. Moorwood out in the open.
The lines of turbulence in their wake seemed to gulp in around the rear of the ice tank as if drawn in by their gravity.
Another set of lines curled in over the ship’s vulm limbs and the tumbler, also sucked in toward the gap between the two ships.
Toward the gantry.
For a moment the columns of dust twined around each other. It was, in that moment, an incredibly beautiful sight. Then they merged and came rushing into the gap.
Moorwood let out a holler that broke up in interference.
He dropped off the gantry into the dust.

There was pain everywhere. Searing like enormous jabbers thrust through the yysch into him, into every part of him.
He must have blacked out for a moment. He didn’t even know if he was screaming. Perhaps he was screaming while unconscious.
His limbs clutched wildly at space, falling all the time through the burning dust.
He was aware of the safety line whirring out of its reel on his wetpack. At the speed he was falling, when it reached the end of the line the wetpack would be wrenched out of the skin of his yysch, tearing it to shreds.
Moorwood concentrated on trying to activate his blips, to support his weight.
Something kicked him in the back. He tumbled again. The safety line looped and tangled around him.
Then he fell back and the reel reached the end of the line.
It wasn’t a hard enough jolt to rip open the yysch but enough to slam him around again so that he was facing down into the burning mouth of the Annulus.
He screwed his eyes shut, yelling again as the dust scorched across his visor.

Red warning indicators broke out all over the flight deck.
Becker stared at the angry eddies of dust writhing over the glider. The dust sparkled off the nose cone, flickering white as it rebounded off the hull. It swept up across the thick cockpit windows, making them glisten.
He heard Moorwood holler a second time. Again the sound culminated in a deafening surge of interference. He reached down an arm to operate the computer, to find out the reason for all the warning indicators.
And stopped.
His entire arm was crawling with light like a cold, airless burning.

Hauer dragged himself up the ladder rung by rung. His gloves and the soles of his feet kept slipping off. His claws flexed impotently, without his conscious volition. His breath was a hoarse panting in his ears. He could hardly see out of his visor for the fluid spattered across the inside and the chymm clinging to the outside.
He didn’t know how far he’d climbed. He didn’t look down.
His attention was focused on each rung as he reached for it, on making sure his fingers were wrapped securely around the bar before he shifted up his weight.
He ignored the pain shrilling through his body. He ignored the random shouting and hissing on the smut.
He ignored the great humming drone that suffused the ship, the lurching shudder of the ladder as he inched up it.
But he didn’t ignore the other sound, softer but more distinct than all the others. As if his mind was determined to screw in on that sound, to give him strength, to give him the will to succeed.
The sound was Barrow beneath him, choking for breath as his air leaked out.

Becker lifted his arms. His entire body was sparkling. The yysch was dancing with invisible impacts of bright dust.
A shudder passed the length of his body.
He looked out the side window. The dust formed a funnel-shaped vortex in the gap between the two vessels, obscuring the ship. All Becker could see of it was a shadow in the whirling gray wall of dust.
The smut crackled like static in his ears.
The blood-red outline of the stalled erupter shell was just visible, buffeted by dust. Beside it the gantry was empty.
At first he couldn’t see Moorwood. Then he noticed the air pipe flapping violently from side to side and found him far beneath the gantry, hanging from the end of his tether just above the fan of burning dust sweeping up from the rim of the impact shield. A few more meters and Moorwood would have been hanging directly in that inferno. As it was, the dust was billowing around him forming a sheen of white sparks that bounced off his yysch like embers.
Spits of fire also shot out from Moorwood’s yysch, making him jerk and bob in the dust.
The spits of fire were his blips. Moorwood’s sterps were activating at random.
Becker reached down and flicked a switch. The controls in front of him came to life. Words scrolled across the computer screens, which were wowing with interference.
The warning indicators were radiation alarms.
‘Barrow!’ he shouted into the smut. ‘I’m going to try to turn the glider up out of the plane of the Annulus before it begins to eat into the cargo bay.’
No reply.
His attention fixed on one of the flashing indicators. It wasn’t one of the new ones. It was the low fuel warning.
He punched the ignition control.

Moorwood jerked awake. Again. He scrabbled for his line. He couldn’t see it for the sleet of burning dust in which he was immersed.
One glove looped around it. He caught hold of it, shouting at himself for strength, and tried to organize his blips. But his sterps were panicking, or he was panicking, and the impulses simply flung him from side to side.
He stopped trying to blip and began to pull himself manually up the line.
It strained—frayed—but held.
He hauled up with all his might, hand over hand through the white burning.

‘Keep breathing,’ Hauer muttered to himself, over and over. ‘Shallow breaths. Short breaths. Just keep breathing.’
He wasn’t talking to himself. He was talking to Barrow, far below him. Barrow’s choking gasps were becoming more labored, more desperate.
He saw the locker above him. He’d made it. He scrambled up the final few rungs and wrenched open the door. It banged sideways on its hinges beside him. He clawed his hand in among the jumbled contents. He couldn’t see the tape but he knew it was there. It had to be.
There wasn’t time to sort through the mess. Forming his glove into a scoop, he leaned in as far as he could and swept all the contents out into space.
At the same instant his heart lurched. A rush of blood pounded in his brain. He felt himself falling.
Upwards.
Panic gripped him, lasted only a moment. Then he saw the contents of the locker suspended in the open space of the cavity, turning end over end on a hundred different trajectories as they drifted away from the wall.
The deceleration had ceased as suddenly as it began.

Becker also felt the lurch. It threw him back from the controls. He thought for a moment that he’d caused this by turning on the engines.
Then he noticed it was dark outside.
The burning had snuffed out.
They were traveling through empty space again.
He sat strapped in the pilot’s seat, too stunned to do anything.
Stars, sinking under the bottom rim of the window. The glider’s maneuvering engines had fired and were pushing it upwards.
Had they been thrown clear of the Annulus? Had the combination of the harsh deceleration and the glider’s engines kicked the Hesselberg out of the plane of the dust?
Something was rushing toward him. A second smudge of gray. A bright narrow wall that seemed to fill the entire window of the cockpit.
They hadn’t been thrown clear. It was just a gap in the Annulus. Like the gaps between the bands in Saturn’s rings, back when Saturn had rings.
The next band was hurtling toward them, denser than the last.

It all happened in an instant. Hauer realized he was weightless. He guessed the reason. He saw the contents of the locker drifting away across the cavity. His gaze locked on the spool of sealant tape, wobbling as it turned on its axis like a miniature tumbler, out in the open.
He made a decision—a risky decision.
How long would the gap last?
He flung himself off the ladder, out into space.
His gloved hand locked around the tape. He focused his concentration on activating his sterps.
His blips spluttered erratically. They turned him toward the front wall of the cavity, toward Barrow’s body nodding gently in the churning slick of chymm.

Weightlessness. Moorwood felt himself lurch upward as his momentum picked up. He pawed forward frantically, scooping up handfuls of safety line and using it to guide him back to the gantry.
His fingers made contact with something hard.
The gantry. He reached forward to grab it—

And they hit the next ring.

Hauer’s blips failed. He hurtled into the wall, curled instinctively for impact. Chymm curtained up all around him. A moment later the ship slammed into the Annulus again and he was flattened as if squashed into the vulm by a giant fist, by the whole weight of the ship falling on top of him.
Hard gravity. Fierce gravity.
All the suspended objects from the locker whizzed into the chymm around him, fast as bullets. A sharp metal tool thumped in the wall next to his head, burying itself in the vulm, ripping open a great bloody wound that filled instantly with chymm.
He was still clutching the spool of tape.
He crawled across the chymm toward Barrow.

Moorwood’s hand locked around the gantry. Immediately he was wrenched downward.
He dragged himself up and onto the gantry and hung there between the biting carbon rails, wheezing in breath.

Becker turned up the gain on his smut until the crackling became a deafening roar, the roar of their passage through the Annulus.
‘Moorwood?’
He could see him draped over the gantry but his yysch was motionless.
‘Barrow? Peter?’
Nothing.
The seat’s straps dug in his chest and stomach, tearing at his yysch. Beneath him the light intensified as the ships were plunged once more in the dust of the Annulus. Thicker than before. It looked like he was falling headlong down a burning tunnel.
The trembling of their passage through the Annulus had become a thundering noise, transmitted through the pilot’s seat into his body.
He felt the glider grinding metal against metal as it strained to break free of the ice tank.

Hauer wrapped tape around Barrow’s visor, wiping off the chymm with his gloves.
Barrow’s choking became less labored. His hands flexed at the vulm, dragging slicks through the heavy chymm.
He sucked in a deep breath. Hauer could only just see his eyes through the slithers of crazed visor that remained visible. Those eyes were wild and round. His pupils darted madly from side to side as Barrow struggled to regain control of himself.
‘Slower leak,’ he managed.
‘How’s your yysch?’
A pause.
‘No sterps. Wetpack’s okay.’
‘I can’t get Moorwood and Becker.’
‘The smut’s working. We can hear each other.’
Hauer stared up again at the tunnel leading to the hub airlock. Everything was vibrating wildly. The tunnel seemed even further away in the harsh gravity. Between it and them was a band of white burning.
The gantry interrupted the light, drawing his attention to the gantry deployment mechanism, towering over their heads. The ship wasn’t designed for dealing with gravitational fields, with harsh acceleration and deceleration. Under normal conditions the Hesselberg’s anti-behron lattice kept it weightless. He could imagine the stresses on the brackets driven in the vulm that transferred the weight of the machinery to the spinal bones of the ship. They wouldn’t last long.
He stabbed at the smut controls on his arm. ‘This is Hauer. Anybody hear me? John?’
Nothing.
‘This is the Captain,’ Barrow screeched. ‘Any of you fuckers still alive?’
‘That got ’em scared,’ Hauer said. ‘Think you can make it up to the tumbler?’
Flat on his back, choking for breath with the Hesselberg standing on his chest, Barrow peered up through the remains of his visor at the distant tunnel.
‘And be tossed about, dodging flying objects? I’d rather asphyxiate.’
‘We can’t stay here. We’ll have to sit it out in the hub.’
Barrow continued to stare at the airlock. ‘I can’t climb in this gravity. I’ll wait for the next gap and blip up.’
‘What if you don’t get up in time? It’s a long way to fall.’ Hauer searched around him. Nothing. The hard surface of the chymm, beading as drops continued to rain into it like meteorite impacts. Nothing that could help. ‘I’ll climb up, get a reel of safety line and pull you up.’
‘I won’t make it,’ Barrow said. ‘I can feel the visor cracking again. Being dragged up on the end of a line won’t help if my face has been blown away.’
Hauer felt his desperation rising. He refused to give in to it.
‘Then go down to the engine room. You can use one of the emergency yyschs in there.’
Barrow turned his head to the nearest tunnel. It wasn’t far away.
‘All right. Maybe Moorwood left some buzz bars on the terminal.’
He began to pull himself on his stomach toward the tunnel, his arms and legs swiping pathetically through the chymm.
Hauer looked up at the cavity mouth. He needed to get up there, whatever the gravity, whatever the pain, and find out what was happening outside. Where were Becker and Moorwood?
More importantly still, what about the erupter stalled on the gantry? When did that wake up?
Flicking his ankle claws in and out of the vulm, he set off at a hunched run toward a ladder leading up to the mouth.

The glider began to rise, pulling the ice tank with it. Then the stub of the tank caught on the inside edge of the impact shield, between two of the fingers. It couldn’t move further without turning both ships.
The glider rattled furiously with the strain.
Becker watched the fuel gauge dropping as he powered the maneuvering engine, trying to nose the ship out of the plane of the dust.
The entire panel was red now, pulsing beneath him.

Barrow tipped over the edge of the mouth and fell down the tunnel leading to the engine room.
The walls hurtled past him like a well. He managed to extend a claw and left a ragged incision in the vulm as he tried to slow his descent.
Abruptly he impacted with a surface of chymm. The lower part of the tunnel was submerged. He was dragged under at once. Everything went dark.
Hitting bottom, he found himself lying against the engine room’s outer airlock door with all the weight of the chymm pool pressing on him. For a while he was dazed, too crushed to breathe. Then he slid out a hand to grope for the control panel.
He felt his visor crack across again, the air hissing out, dribbles of stinking chymm beginning to worm in.
He found the panel and rammed his fingers in it.
The door opened, rolling him off.
He fell again—briefly lit in a fountain of chymm—onto the inner door.
Suddenly his visor gaped open.
Barrow took a final deep breath and covered his face with his hands.


* * * *


Full Moon (excerpt from The Billows)

In this thriller, a young girl called Julia has been abducted by an enigmatic and sinister man whom she knows only as John Lankin. Hauling her across the English countryside, she gradually realizes that Lankin isn’t the real mystery in her situation. She knows even less about herself.

It was as if she summoned him. 
A shadow appeared at the door. There was the rap of a walking stick on the bodywork. She started visibly as if struck unexpectedly from behind. 
Nobody laughed at her obvious fright, an action which in other company might have seemed hilarious—tap someone on the back, watch them jump. Tap them with an invisible hand. 
The shadow didn’t move. Her surprise turned to a shudder rising slowly up her spine until it was clutching at her throat. 
The enemy at the door. The wolf asking permission to enter. 
Keep him out. Keep him away. This is our home. Don’t taint it with his presence. 
His stick beat on the bodywork again. No use hiding with Lankin on the prowl.
‘It’s open,’ Mack drawled. ‘You might as well come in.’
The door swung back. Lankin was there, just as she’d thought, smothered in the stinking black pelt of his coat, bringing with him a chill that sucked all the warmth out of the coach. 
Beyond him, the camp was desolate under a blowing afternoon sky, squally with rain.
Boo began to cry. Molly picked him up and carried him outside, pushing past Lankin without a word. She preferred the deserted camp to Lankin’s presence, and made no attempt to hide her disgust of him. 
Mack sat in the driver’s seat tinkering with the radio and hardly bothered to glance up at the intrusion.
Julia, sitting cross-legged on sofa, looked at the thin man in the doorway. She was still shivering despite the times she’d told herself to be strong and hard against him. 
He’d pulled back the hood revealing his straggling hair and the permanent gray stubble that roughened his face. She could see that the scar on his temple stretched across the back of his head where there was no hair, revealing a plate of gray bone—it could only be bone—in the rags of white scar tissue.
 Once his features might have been handsome, she thought. Once he might have been rich and distinguished, or talented like Grint. But the rigors of life on the road had banished all trace of beauty from him.
She felt the bile of revulsion in her mouth and didn’t look at him for more than a few moments. 
He had to stoop to enter the coach. Once inside, he paused at the edge of the sofa, leaning heavily on his stick. He was close enough to reach out his arm and touch her.
‘These are better clothes,’ he said. ‘What did you do with the old ones?’
‘I threw them in the ditch,’ she said coldly. ‘Why do you care?’
‘I have a right to ask,’ he said.
‘If you were my father you’d have a right to ask. But I don’t think you’re my father.’
‘Who do you think I am, then?’
She glared up at him.
‘You’re nothing to do with me. The moment I get the chance, I’ll—’
‘Run away? And maybe this time I won’t catch you.’
‘You admit you abducted me, then?’
Lankin stared fiercely at her. ‘If I was worried about you, I’d put you in with Pog. I wouldn’t let you have the run of this place—and believe me, it’s a palace in comparison.’
Anger was her only recourse, the only thing that stopped her crying again.
‘You’d give me—your own daughter—to Pog to be raped?’ she cried.
‘Why not?’ Lankin shot back. ‘It wouldn’t be the first time.’

Turning, he loped back outside. The coach rocked slightly as he stepped off. 
‘Bring your bag,’ he said. ‘We’re taking a walk.’
Julia exchanged a glance with Mack. Then, snatching up her bag, she hurried after him. The last breath of wind danced on edges of polythene sheeting in makeshift shelters scattered about the clearing. 
Molly was standing just outside the entrance, rocking the baby in her arms. Lankin ignored her.
‘Where are we going?’ Julia demanded as she hauled on her boots, more for Molly’s sake than for her own. She didn’t expect an answer.
Lankin pointed down the hill to a cornfield on the neighboring slope, glinting beneath the setting sun. Lines of orange light spread out among the ripe crop. 
‘Don’t worry. I’ll bring you back.’
He began to stride in that direction, kicking briefly through the cold ash of the previous night’s fire. Julia looked blankly at Molly, who managed an uncertain, apologetic smile, and followed him.
He walked quickly. His uneven gait carried him at an angle to the direction he was facing, but he seemed to measure his steps, carefully judging where to put his feet and his stick among the outcrops of garbage, thistles and flints. In contrast, Julia hobbled awkwardly across the stones, losing her balance several times and twisting her foot in the loose ground. She cursed Mack’s boots. 
He didn’t look back at her. In turn, she didn’t look back at the receding camp. Receding at last, for the first time since they arrived here.
At the base of the hill, the flints and thistles turned to a squalor of old fridges, the gutted shells of cars, electronic circuit boards, piles of metal slag, rotting vegetables and layers of sodden newspaper. Lankin trawled through the tip and eventually reached the ditch at the bottom where a foul-smelling stream trickled through the debris. 
They followed it to the corner of the field, where the tip gave way to a triangle of oily orange bog. Out of it grew tufts of grass on mounds, littered with more garbage. Beneath this was a hedge of twisted brambles, beyond which a narrow lane curved away in either direction. 
An open gateway to one side of the bog gave access to the tip for local people, and had let in the travelers. Several sets of tire-marks led at a shallow angle up the slope. 
Lankin trudged through the bog. His boots skewed in the mud, stirring up the green slime beneath the surface. He stopped in the gateway while Julia caught up with him, picking her way over the mounds of grass one at a time. Then he set off again up the lane toward the cornfield he’d indicated, separated from it by a short fence hastily bound in barbed wire. He gave her no time to rest. 
His stick clattered on the weed-strewn concrete.
After fifty meters she heard a tractor approaching, far away down the lane. She saw its roof laboring up one of the slopes. 
At once Lankin shoved her through the fence and into the ripe corn. He climbed in after, and flattened her into the nettles, his arm across her shoulders. Harvesters itched at her bare arms.
The sound of the tractor increased steadily. She couldn’t see more than a stretch of empty lane between the nettles and weeds that rose like curtains on either side. 
Above her, his breath cold on her face, Lankin pinned her motionless to the ground, unable even to brush the spiders away. 
The engine noise was so loud it seemed that the tractor was bearing down on her across the field. She began to panic and thrash. Then she saw the wheels roll past, alarmingly close.
The tractor grumbled on down the lane. 
Lankin pulled her to her knees. He kept an eye on the farmer. The tractor paused outside the entrance to the landfill. The farmer was peering up at the camp through binoculars. 
When at last the tractor moved off and disappeared in another hollow, Lankin began to wade through the corn away from the lane. She followed him again, forcing through the flattened crop he left in his wake.

For a long time they hauled uphill through the corn. Lankin seemed impervious to physical effort, but Julia’s legs protested at the unaccustomed exercise. Her breath came in short, labored gasps. Nettle rash came up on her arms and ankles, burning more brightly now than the hard bumps of flea bites. 
She still felt the pressure of his arm on her back, the strip of frozen skin, the chill of his breath on her cheek. 
The breeze flicked the greasy hair from his deformed scalp, scarecrow of a man pivoting through the corn on his withered poles.
Looking back while catching her breath, she saw the camp strewn across the opposite hill: a mess of vehicles in the top corner of the landfill, half hidden by a brake of trees. It was closer packed than she’d thought. 
Smoke was rising from several places. She could see figures moving in the clearings, preparing food or heading for the toilet in the copse. Music echoed across the hills.
She forced herself on up the slope. Her feet sunk in the mud between the green stalks. 
By the time she reached the crest of the hill, another valley below her, the endless plain of corn stretching out into the evening mist, she knew that Lankin was lost. He didn’t know where he was going. His path began to wander erratically through the corn as if he was trying to locate something he’d mislaid. 
Several times they crossed their own tracks and Lankin paused, frowning at the previous path. 
The evening light faded. She could no longer make out the camp except now and then when she glimpsed small fires between the vehicles, isolated in the darkness of the far slope. No stars were visible.
Stalks broke under her boots. The heavy ears nodded at her stomach. She was terrified more of being left alone in the dark than of Lankin.
‘Slower,’ she cried. ‘I’m tired and I can’t keep up if you walk that fast.’
He stopped. He seemed to be waiting for her to catch up. When she did he held out his right hand. She took it in surprise, glad of any contact in the dark. 
His coldness knifed into her. Nevertheless the gesture was comforting. 
He began to walk on, but slower now, at her speed. Using her as he used his stick, which he’d looped over his shoulder.
He’d put his hood back up, she saw. Half out its socket, one eye surveyed her in a rim of sinew.
‘Tell me about those people you’re staying with,’ he said.
She tried to relax, concentrating on her footing. She remembered what Grint had told her.
‘They’re dependable,’ she said.
‘And what about—before them?’
‘When we were in the barn?’
‘Before we were in the barn.’
‘I was at home, in bed. You woke me. I kept trying to sleep, but you kept waking me. I had no choice but come out. You wouldn’t leave me alone.’
‘Who do you think I am?’
‘I don’t care who you are.’
‘Why do you think I’m not your father?’
‘Because I’m not stupid. Because we don’t have the same name. Because—’
Because my real father wouldn’t treat me like this.
No real father would.
Lankin’s grip tightened. She yelped. The pain seemed to leap up her left arm, clawing its way through all the shattered remnants of her bones.
‘Tell me your name,’ he said fiercely.
‘Julia,’ she said. ‘Julia Whittaker.’
He released her at once, stepped back.
‘Where did you hear that name?’
She said nothing.
‘You took something from the house,’ he said. ‘What did you take?’
Nothing. Nothing from the house.
He grabbed her bag. She tried to stop him but he flung her off. She landed heavily in the corn, twisted on her left arm so that another jolt of pain raced through her.
Lankin ripped open her bag and began to examine the contents, flinging them away into the corn as he dismissed them one by one. He jammed out the red leather purse and stared at it. A look of pure horror was on his face. Then he unfastened it and pulled out the cards. He dropped the empty purse and ground it into the mud with his heel.
‘This,’ he said. He thrust the student identity card at her. ‘This is you, here, in this picture?’
‘You know it is.’
Lankin bent the card in half, then bent it the other way and back until it snapped. He hurled the two pieces in opposite directions.
That was why they were here, she realized. If the police came looking for her, if they searched the camp, combed the landfill site, they would never find the things from her bag in the corn. At least, not until the crop was harvested, at which point anything caught in the harvester would be torn to shreds.
‘Who knows your name?’ Lankin demanded.
‘Everybody knows it,’ she spat up at him. She wondered whether she could crawl all night in the corn and find the things he’d thrown away.
But she still had her father’s card, safe in her breast pocket.
A sudden weariness seemed to come over him. He staggered, grasping her empty bag as if he wanted to tear that in half, too, but he no longer had the strength.
‘Don’t you realize?’ he said at last. ‘It’s not—’
At that that moment the clouds broke in the east and the full moon appeared, shimmering in the patch of clear sky. 
Lankin stared up at it as if transfixed. The empty bag fell from his hands.
Julia climbed carefully to her feet. The cornfield leapt into view all around her in the pale light. Ripples moved across the hillside as if hundreds of wolves were chasing each other in its depths.
Wolves, hurrying through hidden tunnels in the corn, brought out of hiding by the frenzy of moonlight.
There was no way she could find anything in all this expanse of corn.
Lankin unslung his walking stick from his shoulder. With one blow, she thought, he could crack my skull in half.
Instead he was too weak to do anything but plant its metaled end deep in the soil and lean on it with his head bowed.
‘Go back to the camp,’ he told her. His voice was a muted hiss, forced between thin and bloodless lips. ‘Right now. Before I change my mind.’ 
She snatched up the empty bag and went running for the lane.


* * * *


Borova Nightfall (complete story from Forgotten Tomorrows)

A tale of loss, bereavement, and the lies we tell ourselves. There’s some James Tiptree, Jr. here I think, as in much of my work, but in essence it’s a domestic story, small and quiet and drearily human. It’s based on my own memories of childhood, huddled in the cold wind of an out-of-season holiday resort. Watch the cigarette smoke: more ash. Once you’ve figured out the story, the next questions to ask yourself are: who’s telling this tale, when, how, and to whom?

See those two girls down there in the black coats with their hoods drawn up? That’s Dorothy and me, standing on the seafront in Borova. Maybe you can distinguish us from the hard charcoal lines of the promenade, and the swift strokes of the city that leans over us so precipitously. 
There, see, twin smudges of orange-pink, two faces in the gray. Dorothy and me, waiting for father to return from the English culture classes he teaches in one of those serrated metal constructions they call buildings here, but to me look more like a collection of rusty knife blades stuck at an angle into the wind. 
This scrabbly grain is the grit in the air, coming in hard over the hydrocarbon sink of the ocean. You can feel it embedding in your skin, lodging in all the creases. You can feel it drying your hair, smarting your eyes, packing in your lungs even with the throat-filters the Colfoni trade board makes us wear. When we take baths in Borova, sharing a precious barrel of cold water siphoned from the recycler, it’s always brown by the time Dorothy and I finish our turns. The grit is a magnetic scree, like a low-quality interference overlaid on the city.
It’s winter in Borova, but that comes with the planet. One of the suns is a microwave flicker, insistent in the back of the brain. The other is its mirror, an infrared glow that drags up slowly tumbling columns from the ocean out where the big animals roll and snort. There are nights of glowing coals burning pin-holes in the stretched parchment of the sky. Whatever Colfoni once used to be, a reasonably intelligent and compliant dominant species soon turned it into our industry center for this part of the galaxy. A couple centuries later there was nothing left but heavy metal cities like Borova, relentlessly sawing the atmosphere on the edge of an acetone-pelted sea.
We lean together, too, just like the buildings. You can see by our bent backs, side by side under the balcony rail that forms a sharp line above our heads but is waist-high to a native adult anzoor. Behind us the dead city hunkers into a pall of black fog, its deserted roads and frozen wharves strewn with anzoori vehicles littered like wrecks across the rain-puddled steel, a haze of bleached-out hoardings bereft of all but the leafless structures of what they call ranoza trees but which are in fact a form of marine coral growing insidiously out of cracks in the metal. To me they look like X-rays.
The streets ring with random, painful reverberations, slowly decaying like echoes of distant warfare, throbbing and dying. The anzoori homes are shadowy barracks, with windows like glazed insensible eyes. There’s a buzzing, insistent backbeat in the air, the undertow of riot.
Below us the beach seeps glumly into the sea, a mess of brittle styrofoam food containers quietly disintegrating in the chill. It gives off a rank smell, like glue. 
Sometimes the microwave sun appears, bristling like static feeding through the atmosphere. Other times the infrared sun comes muted by cloud, shifted to a pall of violet that arches out over the city like figures dancing and weeping, or like nightmares glimpsed down a long corridor of sleep.
We live in Borova, Dorothy and me. This has been home to my sister since before she was born, but I remember Earth.

I shiver in my thin coat, stamping at the rain-rotted iron of the promenade. Splinters of soft, spongy metal break off, red under the surface. There’s a hollow feeling in the pit of my stomach, one that has lingered with me all day like hunger despite a stomach full of greasy shafolli meat wolfed down for lunch in Paradise Park, which is what some early colonists called the human quarter in Borova. The name was ugly enough to remain long after the irony had lost its bite. Today most people call it the Park, but if you want to really express disgust, you use the other word.
Dorothy refused the meat. She would only take the small, brown, over-fried fragments and shrivels of hard crunchy batter, but father and I ate with an appetite, scraping the sodden clumps from the styrofoam and sucking the dissolved salt from our fingertips.
Just out of the frame of this painting is the anzoori juvenile that stands on its fleshless hind legs a short distance along the promenade staring back at us. The anzoor, our hosts and putative servants, have three distinct body shapes. After infancy, the crab-like child splits from its carapace into a juvenile, a roughly humanoid biped twice as tall as me, and I’m a twelve year old Earth girl in this picture, where it remains for about twenty revolutions of the slower red sun. It gets no taller or bulkier to my knowledge. Then, abruptly, it splits again, and grows the massive metallic appendages and complex baleen-like feeding apparatus of the adult. It is only during this relatively brief juvenile phase that the anzoori are even remotely something we could understand. It is even said that when the first men came to Colfoni they tried to discourse with the juveniles, as the only animal here they considered humanoid enough to be intelligent.
Anzoori juveniles have hard, cantilevered legs, but fleshy bare bodies, hollow chests and four short manipulative arms. Their heads are long and narrow, with a black blank eye on either side. They seem to see in only the ultraviolet half of the spectrum—at least, they become inactive whenever the microwave sun sets, and rise when it does. They ignore the red sun altogether, except they must be aware of it since the perturbations it causes in the ocean and in the cycles of their prey animals are the means by which they calculate the passage of time.
Around their waists, the juveniles sport a ruff of orange quills that hide their groins. Sometimes they raise these quills in anger or in shows of prowess, but I am still not sure they have genders. Their exposed bodies are very complicated.
Now, as we stand side by side gazing at the anzoori juvenile across the rainy metal slabs of the promenade, its quills are half raised, a preliminary to attack. Its mouth makes a peculiar sucking noise. We know it is doing these things in reaction to us because its body is bent in our direction and its snout pushed out so that we can see the yellow rims of its chewing bones. We have come to understand the expression, but we stand motionless at the rail. There’s nowhere for us to run. Though anzoori juveniles understand English commands, they communicate only by gestures. The adults talk in a throaty, guttural and woefully restricted syllabary, from which we know all their local terms, but never to humans.
All of a sudden the juvenile hoots and beats away into the nearest passage that cuts under the jagged rim of the city, its feet ringing off the metal. Only when we see father approaching do we understand why. It saw the human teacher, knew it had been absent from class, and disappeared before he could reprimand it or give it homework.

Father, hunched into himself with all the planet under his arm, crosses the promenade pool by pool and stands beside us. We take his hands silently. His own head barely grazes the rail.
‘Look,’ Dorothy tells him as a means of greeting.
He peers out into the sea after her pointing finger. A group of the sleeker umorzi, the ones that look like articulated dolphins, lies off in the breakers, roiling in a slick of oil dragged out from the rotting stumps of a mess of metal wrecks a little to one side of our vantage point. Broken and hazy as shadows, the umorzi appear at intervals, rising out of the syrupy deeps, bloating as they surface to take in the air then vomiting it angrily to submerge. They’re copulating, I think. 
Father, I realize abruptly, without even looking at him, has grown old.
The promenade, windswept, derelict, frosted over with bad memories, the tang of lost love left clinging like muddied lace to the leaning props and spars, hunches into the current with a miser’s disregard for propriety. I see a yellow child’s umbrella down among the styrofoam, and a bunch of biological human detritus.
Wrapped in dolorous, downward spiraling nightmare, I say nothing. I meditate silently on defeat, the same way that Dorothy and I were unable to communicate with the anzoori juvenile. But my attention isn’t fixed on the shoal of umorzi slipping in and out of the surface, reflecting chinks of sunlight somehow refracted through the layers of cloud that drive one against the other like tatters of bunting. I have something I want to tell father, but I don’t know how to do it.
I saw our mother on the beach this afternoon, tramping through the drifts of broken off ranoza above the debris line. Later I saw her in the amusements arcade in Paradise Park, off down the end of a row of machines chattering to themselves in the cold. Then I saw her moving beneath the shut-up ranks of huts turned to iron driftwood along the seafront. She looks like everybody in the city now.
Father stands staring at the dwindling rim of the horizon, muddy with reflections, a fixed point in opposition to the umorzi circling the sewage outlet or following the tracks of black sediment churned up by the slow passing out of a transporter ship heading south for the heavy orbital loaders. We hold a hand each, one on either side of him like the children in nursery book illustrations, two daughters swinging on their father’s arms, kicking up drifts of oxides that skip and flutter and catch in their hair.
‘Where do they live?’ Dorothy wants to know. ‘Do they have houses at the bottom of the sea?’
‘They don’t need houses,’ father says. ‘There’s no bad weather down there, nothing to hide from.’
The sea hisses with sterile curses that come boiling to the surface in pools of turbulence where the rain gets through the shearing side-draught of wind. There are dangers, of course, even to the umorzi come grinning into the estuary like children playing tag, and not just the barbed fishing crooks of the shafolli dealers. I see them like silhouettes superimposed on the waves: the slender fins of the killer geroshii that have followed them in, drawn by the pool of chemical excitement leaching from the foaming dolphin bodies. The geroshii, their bow-shaped heads all milling blades, surf the crest of the storm, pushing the umorzi up against the beach where they’ll suffocate. In shallow water, umorzi are unable to breathe due to their own weight.
‘But what are they doing?’ Dorothy persists.
Father says nothing for a while. ‘They’re looking for fish,’ he tells her eventually. ‘They’ve come here to feed.’
‘What fish?’
There are no fish near Borova except those inedible whip-thin eels that attach themselves to our effluent pipes in vast forests, clogging the drains. We flush them out with acrylates.
As a pack, the umorzi submerge for several seconds, measured by the kick-back of pulse in the temples, then the solitary edge of a fin, the merest curved hump of a back just breaking the choppy water before sinking again in a dazzle of shifting reflections.
‘Well,’ father says, ‘how do you think they eat?’
‘But they’re smiling,’ Dorothy protests. ‘Like Dumpling with a mouse.’
Dumpling only comes to mind long after the words have been spoken. A character from one of mother’s books. Dumpling was a fat Blue Persian left somewhere in all that turmoil of home which I’d forgotten in the panic of her death. Mother based her on a cat she knew on Earth, a ragged thing, blind for years when she drew it, eyes sealed over with fatty wrinkles of what she euphemistically called sleep.
In mother’s book she was young, vigorous, and predatory.
There was also a tank of tropical fish, I remembered, bright in the story but in reality gone opaque, cloudy, stagnant.
‘They’re not smiling,’ father says. ‘It’s just the way they look.’

No sign of them now. The wind hums over a loose edge on the landward side of the promenade, nags at the curled edge of a warning poster on a billboard.
Beneath my rubber boots, seen through a rust-hole in one of the crumbled planks, the detritus of cartons and cans and bundles of orange nylon netting slurries against the base of one of the spars. It’s winter. The cold’s sharp in the mouth and tastes of blood.
‘Alice,’ father says, ‘hold your sister’s hand.’
I stare at the hand held out to me, white with cold since father forgot to hand out gloves or scarves when we left home this morning. I don’t want to touch her. It was Dorothy who killed my mother, not the gang of anzoor that dissected her without warning in her class and seemed, afterward, surprised less by the death than by the fact that, no matter how hard they searched, they couldn’t find the little cluster of babies up in her womb they’d convinced themselves must be waiting there to be triggered into life—or whatever other faulty knowledge they’d gleaned out of the story she was reading them.
Anzoori juveniles have no malice in them. Even when they attack it’s not with intent to kill. The concept’s meaningless to them. The adults, of course, have no reaction at all, and consider humans the same way we consider ranoza trees. 
I need somebody culpable, and I’ve chosen Dorothy.
‘Come on, Alice,’ father chides me. ‘Don’t be a child.’
He thrusts the hand at me again, holding it by the wrist. Now I take it, scowling, not looking at him.
Dorothy curls her fingers inside my palm. She looks up at me hesitantly, the wind whipping tassels of uncombed hair around her eyes which she drags away with her other hand, keeping her coat sleeve pulled down with clenched fingers. 
I avoid her look. I haven’t forgiven her.
I can’t forgive her, because that would mean accepting what happened. And if I accept what happened, it’ll begin to lose its worth.
Dorothy looks at me as if I’m going to smile at her, when I know I’m not going to smile. I stare furiously at the city, bickering under a dome of black cloud. Its cutlery drawer towers stand blurred and indistinct now under the storm, conduit for the rain that comes in slow waves across the bay, breaking up in the docks and terminals downwind.
Father takes a pack of cigarettes from his shoulder bag and lights one in cupped hands. One of the earliest missions to Colfoni brought the usual trade goods, including a container of moisture-sealed cigarettes, before realizing that the anzoor had no means of smoking them. Spongy membranes in their throats absorb the smoke before it reaches the innumerable tube-like chambers of their lungs. They periodically hack up the pollution in oily lumps like ambergris. For decades since, though, the colonists kept requesting shipments of cigarettes for use as internal currency in the Park.
‘When will we be going home?’ I ask him. It’s the first time I’ve spoken all day.
‘I’m cold,’ Dorothy says. ‘I want to go home now.’
‘I don’t mean the Park,’ I say.
Father ignores me. He walks a few steps downwind then turns and peers into our faces as if trying to impress us in his memory before—like mother—setting off into an unknown where we can’t follow. 
‘Be patient,’ he says at last. ‘It takes time to come to terms with the death of a loved one. You understand that, don’t you, Alice? Better do it slowly, however long it takes.’
And not for our sakes, either, though that’s the implication. We’re coincidental to Father’s need to forget. I still feel empty in the pit of my stomach but I’m too young, I suppose, to recognize it as loss.
He heads on toward the Park, shambling, burdened with books, empty-handed.
Was that mother, I wonder, that body on the chrome table father went to identify four months ago, the day after she died? Or some clumsy facsimile of shafolli and fat? It was exactly the kind of mischief the anzoori juveniles would play, but I can’t think what would make them also fabricate the story of what they did to her in class. The truth would have to be immeasurably worse, and I can’t imagine that.
‘You don’t want to go stay in the Park, do you?’ I ask Dorothy.
I don’t mean it to sound as accusatory as it does. We’ve been in Paradise Park almost seven years now, since we first banged over to Colfoni on the trade ship, and four months in the aftermath trying desperately to forget ourselves. For me, our apartment represents loneliness, as forbidding as an unheated house returned to after a long absence in the sun. For Dorothy, it’s a void of silence, an unspeakable mouth waiting to swallow her.
Four months in the aftermath. Four months of storm and acetone interspersed with glimpses of red demons in the sky, four months spent waiting dutifully on the metal gangways for hours at a time while father takes our mother’s beautiful paintings and goes to teach English, patiently and calmly, to the class of juveniles that slaughtered his wife. 
Why don’t we flee on the next heavy lifter back to Earth? I wonder this often, but I think I know the answer. Staying here, teaching English, following the program, is the only thing he hasn’t yet lost.

There’s nothing on the shore but the gradual inexorable slide into decay. Borova is a city with no face but the blank decaying mask of sullen beaches, shut away, shut up, shut in.
Dorothy jerks her hand out of mine and goes beating off after father. The soft metal boards slump under her feet. She snatches his hand from his coat pocket and wraps it in hers while peering back at me.
‘Hurry up, Alice,’ father says.
I watch him in his black coat, flapping like a bird in a trap, moving jerkily against the shrouded city with Dorothy bumping and skipping at his side. I follow at a distance, reluctantly.
Opposite the rail a rain-bleached poster in a rusty mesh frame tells of distant tragedies that have nothing to do with me and so seem abstract, not unimportant but not important enough. Father’s foot comes down in a puddle, thump. Rust spatters out in tiny streaks across the platform like the rays of an impact crater.
He stops short, staring at the spread-out vanes of mud. This was the way mother died, too. Stopped one day, one ordinary day in Borova, stopped finally. Dorothy and I were home with him, as usual. While she used her paintings and stories to teach English to anzoori school kids, father sat and turned the pages of other books for Dorothy, and I watched the rain eroding the ranoza tree opposite our apartment. Father turned the page, ignorant. Dorothy struggled to move her finger under the words, letter by letter.
We sleep, as always, in the same room, within whispering distance of each other.
Father walks on finally. I peer at the rain-splayed design on the poster, chromatographed into streaks of green and brown, hoping the simple headline will let me into a grand secret, a conspiracy of adulthood. You learn, when you reach a certain age, that a single word can hold a whole universe of deceit. You stop trusting, and the moment you stop trusting is when you become an adult. The rite of passage might seem dark and violent but the transition itself happens in a flash, irreversibly, like the flesh popping open under a knife. You can never go back.
There was once a welcome fair, I gather, in Paradise Park.
‘You’ll have to look after your sister tonight,’ father tells me. ‘I need to go back to the school.’
There are often evening classes. Mother never used to take them, but I guess father feels he has less value, and hence he needs to make more of an effort.
‘You’ll be back late?’
He sighs heavily. He is like a man with all the blades of the city leaning over him, tired of the effort of keeping their edges from his skin.
‘Look after your sister,’ he tells me. I watch him for a while, but there’s nothing in his voice to alarm me. He’ll be back late, he implied, so he will.
We head through one of the covered gangways and emerge on a sleeting thoroughfare bulling with anzoori traffic. The adults drive their vehicles through our quarter of the city as if unaware of us. They never stop. A narrow sidewalk hugs the wall of the empty amusements arcade. Borova, like all the cities of Colfoni, is built on a vast metal platform over one of the toxic rust banks that heap up in long dune-like eddies out of the sea. I glimpse the hydrocarbons through cracks in the sidewalk, coming in hushed slanted lines across one of the inlets in the beach. 
Something nudges inside me. Look at this painting, here. A five year old girl running on the yellow sand, kicking through the drifts above the undulating weedy line of the high tide mark, and a dog, bounding at her side. It must be weeks, mere weeks before we left on our big adventure, mother fattening and expectant, father shadowy in her wake. Myself, part of the luggage. I wonder what happened to the dog.
A vehicle slides past, slushing ethanol onto the sidewalk at my feet.
I follow the others, a few steps behind, watching the water flick out of the heels of Dorothy’s untied shoes. The faces of the buildings, rows of blank boxes shouldering each other desperately, loom over the street with its traffic scrawl, marching toward the distant hazy skeletons of gas works and container cranes. A few humans pass, hunched into themselves, and don’t even glance at me. I’ve never seen an adult anzoor walking in the Park, though occasionally gangs of juveniles come here on a lark.
We stop outside the block where we’re staying while father pats his pockets for the key. Traffic has broken most of the fans of the ranoza tree on the sidewalk. The ground floor window that faces it, storm shutters open, reveals the edge of a table laid with a white cloth edged in dabbed-on cream and yellow flowers, on which stands an unfinished painting on a tabletop easel. Superimposed on this dark room our three reflections, little more than silhouettes etched in lines of gray cloud, hover against the failing light, insubstantial, merged together like figures of smoke.

The room’s large enough for the three of us, despite the amount of time we’ve spent holed up here. It’s decorated in the same dark blue vinyl I’ve glimpsed in other rooms on higher floors, empty, unlit, smelling faintly of stale shafolli, their doors left open to air between tenants. The pile of battered trunks and cardboard boxes stowed on the top landing hint that some of our residents intend to return.
The floor is also vinyl. It forms an intricate maze of stains and edges of hard paint, the mutest of all echoes of our vanished mother.
As the elder daughter, I get the single bed in the corner next to the washstand. Father and Dorothy sleep on a double mattress on the floor, which we prop next to the door during the day to prevent it going moldy. She had the privilege of being seven to excuse the tears, and gain father’s comforting presence at night. I got the whole of the single bed, and nothing. 
It’s dark early, crawling down the surfaces of the acid-stained houses, finding purchase in the gritty backs of the seafront terraces like the props and shanties of film sets, or the cracked-open carapaces of glossy beetles. As evening deepens the room seems more enclosed than ever. There’s nothing to do, but there’s never anything to do. The ceiling glowers overhead. The old-fashioned tungsten light over the window lends the room an atmosphere of dense, impenetrable gloom. Rain batters the window, coming in relentlessly from the open sea, driving over Paradise Park.
‘How long will we be here?’ Dorothy asks. We’re alone in the bare box of the room, and I’ve already forgotten what the conversation was about.
I kneel on the floor between the bottom of the bed and the washbasin with my head tucked up under the edge of the window, staring out at the night city. I can’t see anything for the rain beating on the glass. Just distant lights over the low buildings of the Park, diffracted by the storm, the glimmering stars of the ferry terminal.
‘Until father’s proved himself,’ I say. ‘Maybe another month.’
‘What if he doesn’t prove himself?’
The catch in her voice makes me glance back her. She’s lying on her side of the mattress with the covers drawn up around her shoulders, just exposing her mouth and nose, and the pillow heaped over her head. It’s the way she always sleeps.
‘What if he does?’ I murmur. That, after all, is the more painful possibility. He might want to stay another year.
I stare back out at the storm.
Dorothy is silent for a while, musing to herself in the comfort of the bed.
‘Is she thinking about us, do you think?’ she asks at last.
‘Who?’ I say, looking at her again. ‘Dumpling?’
‘Mother.’
I shiver. ‘I suppose so.’
‘Can she hear us? I talk to her sometimes, in my head I mean. Does she listen?’
I don’t think she does.
‘Of course she does. What do you talk to her about?’
‘I tell her things about you and father.’
‘Such as?’
‘I tell her what you’re doing and saying. I’m spying on you for her.’
It brings back the bad hollow feeling.
‘I don’t suppose she’s interested,’ I say.
‘I asked her if I should pray for you,’ Dorothy says.
‘What did she reply?’
‘She doesn’t want us to pray.’
‘That’s fine, Dorothy.’ I have never used her pet name. ‘Go to sleep.’
She’s quiet now. I watch her for a while. I can’t tell if she’s asleep. I suppose she must be. She always tries her best to be obedient. Left alone, I turn my attention back to the window, and this time I do think about mother.

She was moderately successful back on Earth, though nobody would have recognized her in the street. She was successful enough for me to find a short biography about her in an encyclopedia, which told me more in five minutes than I’d ever known in a decade of being her daughter. She was an illustrator of children’s books. Officially father provided the text, but I always suspected mother did both. The paintings came first, fully formed, in order, from start to finish, as if mother was describing a story she didn’t know, a plot she couldn’t unravel but could set down in images. It was father’s job, if he had a job at all, to translate them into English.
They met while they were teaching. Mother taught art, father taught sociology. They were colleagues for years, until mother was stalked by one of her students and had to leave the school. She remained at home for several weeks, using painting as a form of recuperation, but during the inquiry she was obliged to return to teaching in order to have any leverage in her case. It was a difficult time for her, scary, bleak. She started a relationship with our future father. The other teachers probably thought he was taking advantage of her.
A few months later, father was also attacked at school. Then, as if it was forced upon them by some devious twist of fate, they got married, left teaching altogether, turned professional.
The paintings came first, then the text, then the children. When I was born they’d had three books published. They never had to resort to teaching, and I never noticed either of them doing part time work, even when there was a child to bring up. Somehow they managed to exorcise from the books the violence that brought them together, that gave birth to me. The stories were elaborate fantasies, richly detailed, impossibly complex landscapes with innumerable focal points, a busy world of half-human heroes, some with wings, some with scales and fins, bursting out of the page as if struggling to loose the bonds of paint and paper.
When I was a child, growing up in our home in the countryside on Earth, I spent hours poring over those landscapes, embellishing this place with an eye, this place with a mouth, this place with a sun with my awkward child’s crayons, changing the color of the sky, here, of the house, here, imposing a kind of symmetry, a kind of order to their random world, or increasing its chaos. It was just as well I never got access to work in progress, and that their studio was always locked.
I was soon sent off to nursery. They weren’t interested in teaching me at home. Perhaps teaching me would stir up bad memories.
Mother was already pregnant with her second child when the offer came to join the trade mission here on Colfoni. Anzoori workers follow orders better if they understand our language. They must be educated during their receptive juvenile stage. Mother was ideally qualified for the role, apparently, since teaching English to Colfoni juveniles is largely a matter of matching paintings to the barest of vocabulary. Mother was a visualist, an interpreter. Besides, a short term on Colfoni—a year at most—would give her a whole new perspective on her art. 
In reality, I suspect the books weren’t selling enough to support two children. They agreed to make the journey, packed everything away, and shipped out on one of the mission junks with their five year old in her oily stateroom and their less-than-zero in her watery one. Father never returned, but there was a lengthy absence about a year later when mother flew back to Earth with her infant to settle the last of her affairs. They liked the Park so much they stayed here seven years before her death.
Again, I don’t know the true reason. But I think it was all to do with art. There was a subtle change in the type of paintings mother created after Dorothy was born, when we had all quelled the shock behind our eyes and grown used to the brute shrieking of Borova. Before Dorothy, before Borova, mother’s paintings were lush landscapes blazing under a golden sunshine. Afterwards most of the action seemed to happen at night. These stark new works must have struck her as a revelation. She planned to stay as long as the inspiration lasted.
Like me, she named Dorothy after a character in a children’s book.
Colfoni killed her eventually.
Dorothy killed her eventually.

I feel a lingering, slow-fading reverberation of pain like a glow behind the eyes, diminishing to a kind of foggy haze wavering around the edges of my sight. The room’s dark except for the spill of amber light in the window. I feel the city like a pool of dark water stretching out all around me toward an uncertain shore.
Something howls, its voice coming in on the last seeping tails of the storm, floating over the city as if carried on streamers of cloud. A single anzoori adult, hooting summoner’s songs at the night, calling down nightmares to those wrapped in their beds along the shore. In response, there is a mess of barking from the high whips of the bat-like kakazo that flit here and there between the blades of the buildings. The room smells of dust, of hospital blankets, of the stale air trapped under the mattress.
I pull myself up to a kneeling position, listening to the throbbing in my ears, and watch the lights blur and speckle in the rain turning the glass to a thousand different distorting lenses refracting the light like pools of liquid, themselves merging and scattering. 
Turning again, I study the room. The edge of the basin at the bottom of the bed blurs into view, the pale shape of the inside lid of the suitcase in the corner, filled with creased, unwashed clothes that stink of cigarettes and the sickly citrus tang I always associate with father. The shrouded light of the city seems like a beacon in the distance, fending off dangerous shadows. I remember mother.
Dorothy’s birth was difficult. It took place in some blue vinyl room in the Park, hours of pain unalleviated by drugs, since mother didn’t believe in deadening the experience, any experience, except those that hurt the mind, and my birth had evidently lulled her into thinking it all simple. Dorothy’s birth was a purely physical, purely sweat-and-scissors affair. Out she came, eventually, healthy, fat, like a baby bird bawling for food and air.
I’ve heard there was at least one anzoori juvenile present at the birth. The mission likes to show the anzoor all the varieties of human biological function. It is intended—unsuccessfully, I guess—to prevent the more absurd of their rumors regarding us.
The pains continued, a deep bone grinding in the pelvis. Mother suffered almost constant pelvic pain from then on, a pain that persisted without respite for the seven years left her. The pains were worse during menstruation. They stopped her thinking, sleeping, working. The landscapes grew darker, colder, more dangerous, harder to control.
When the pains kept her awake, she sought to control them by exercise. She would slip out into the streets of the Park at night to run. Sometimes she ran all night. I don’t think she ever ventured further, into the city itself. Few humans do.
Exercising at night was a common thing for her to do. It seemed natural to me. I slept, and Dorothy slept, end to end in our bed, and father, tired of lying alone on the floor, would creep off himself to smoke in the street or on the seafront.
How many more paintings were there, in those seven years? And how many left to come—the unfinished, the planned but never started, and the never known?
A group of curious anzoori juveniles, acting entirely without malice, perhaps without even truly understanding that humans are alive, stopped everything short, one unremarkable Borova morning four months ago.
There’s a religious decree, I’m told, or at least a moral block within the anzoor which means they are unable to knowingly hurt an intelligent creature. 
Already, I expect, you can think of at least two loopholes to this law.

The kakazo call again, bickering between the high edges of the buildings. I have no idea how long I’ve been sitting here, staring into the night. It seems like hours have passed.
Rising, I peer at Dorothy for a moment, listening to her breathing. She’s asleep, as only children can sleep, deeply, untroubled by anything, the breath rising and falling with an aching slowness in her as if she can inhale the whole world and let it pass back out without so much as ruffling the currents of air. I can’t sleep like that, and neither can father. My dreams are troubled by half-human figures contorted under a harsh ultraviolet light, bent and twisted and caught up in tangles of chrome. Father spends his money on cigarettes.
I shiver and look up at the shut door. It’s late. Very late.
Crossing the room quietly, I pull on my coat which hangs on the back of the door, still clammy around the cuffs from the day’s rain. We wear our clothes to sleep in—warm, creased, comforting clothes still with the slight, almost insubstantial scent of detergent. I ease open the door and creep out into the dark hall. The city lights form bars on the walls, moving through the panels of the front door as I move, flickering in my eyes setting up an hypnotic resonance.
There’s still no sign of father, but I guess where he’ll be. 
I pad to the door, pull it open a little. My wet boots have been left on the plastic hall mat but I don’t slip them on.
A voice carries across the deserted street, trying to rouse out of the depths of intoxication a comprehensible song which chokes off into silence after less than a bar. Close, in a nearby street, but not someone I recognize.
Father should be here, standing outside in his coat, smoking, but he isn’t. I hesitate, wondering what to do. I could go back to bed and wait for morning, or I could head out to find him. Maybe he’s at the end of the road, sharing his grief with the night. Maybe he doesn’t realize how late it is.
An anzoori vehicle rushes by, huge and metallic, blasting exhaust. The sea glowers above the colorless line of the road. A couple of lights set up blurry amber islands to one side, diffracting through the stumps of the ranoza tree. Pools speed with racing raindrops, coming in at an oblique angle. The gray night still, no lingering storm, the freezing air hanging over the low shacks of the Park like mist, shimmering with beads of moisture agitated by my breath. A calm, crystalline night, a night where sounds travel deceptively far, amplified by cold.
Turning, I creep back inside. The room is dark, stale, oppressive, except for a single murmuring spill of amber in the window. The seeping exhalation is Dorothy bundled in sleep. I can see her dimly, the moon-shaped rim of her mouth and cheek, cold, lost in a downward spiral of sleep. One arm’s draped across the hospital blanket, enclosing her child’s body protectively in its covers, safe from the night.
Crouching, I shake it gently. Dorothy lets out a sigh and heaves herself over onto her side, taking the blanket with her.
I shake again, more urgently.
‘Dorothy, wake up,’ I whisper. ‘Can you hear me?’
She murmurs again, a short, unhappy noise, still half in dreams that pale and dwindle as I shake her.
‘Wake up, will you? I can’t leave you here.’
She turns back, blinking open her eyes at me, glued up in sleep.
‘What time is it?’ she mutters.
‘What does it matter what time it is?’
Fuddled, asleep, with no strength in her. I feel frustrated, and tug at the covers. She tries to hold on to them but they slip through her fingers.
‘I’m going out to look for father,’ I say. ‘He hasn’t returned yet. I can’t leave you here alone.’
‘Why not?’
‘He told me not to leave you alone. You’ll have to come with me.’
She surveys the room with large eyes. I watch the edge of white moving as she takes stock of her surroundings.
‘It’s the middle of the night,’ she says.
‘I know. But you’ve got to come.’
She sighs again, then pulls herself upright. It seems to take all her strength.
‘I was dreaming of Dumpling,’ she says, more to herself than to me. ‘She was leaping from roof to roof, chasing mice.’

I tug up my wet hood and push my bare feet in my boots. The interior of the boots feels rough, uncomfortable, making the crowns of my feet sore. I pull out a folded-in rim with a finger. Without socks they seem too loose to stay on, clopping on my feet. Beside me Dorothy laces up her shoes inexpertly, shoving the knotted ends into her heels.
We move out onto the sidewalk letting the door swing shut behind us. The last dregs of rain come down on my hood with a hard banging sound, driven by a wind that whips through my coat and eats into my ankles and sodden wrists. It doesn’t sting my eyes so it must be water, precipitated out of the lower of the many bands of clouds.
Indistinct forms move in the distance, looming between the starry circles of lamp posts and the far impressions of flood-lit docks revealing the skeleton of the gas processing plant and the huge softly seeping forms of ships at berth. From there clanging noises reverberate across the city, made thin and reedy by the wind. The buildings stand in a pall of frost that glimmers on every surface, a midnight dead of winter chill crackling in the lungs. The street lights form centers of amber sparks flickering at great speed in all directions from the glassy, cobwebby bulbs.
I choose a direction and we set off along the road in silence. Dorothy clutches my hand for security as we more out into the still night air. A freight loader shunts slowly along the wharf, spotlighted by more centers of sparks, its wheels clattering on its tracks. Above it the docks hang in a haze of light revealing steam or condensation rising in great slow clouds from the deserted warehouses.
A flag flaps above our heads suddenly, invisible between the street lights, making Dorothy stop short in fear.
‘He’s not here,’ she says. ‘We ought to go back and wait for him.’
‘What if he’s lost?’ I say. ‘Or hurt?’
‘Somebody will bring him home.’
‘Who?’
She lets herself be drawn on a few more steps, headed downwind with the rain chasing us along the empty sidewalk between vehicles crammed up against the waterlogged metal as if hugging the skirts of the city, and stops again under the last lamp before the edge of the Park.
‘If we go any further,’ she says, ‘we’ll be lost too.’
Lost, I think, in Borova, out of the security of the human enclave.
I gaze around me, memorizing the route, making sure of my bearings. Ahead a turning heads inward to a narrow gap of disused storage sheds. Beyond it a wall of darkness under the distant docks. On one side the looming buildings of the city, on the other the shining expanse of sea bobbing with isolated specks of light winking and nodding on the horizon. Above us a curved rim of gray etched against the black, starless, storm-tossed sky.
‘I thought he’d be here,’ I say. The wind beats around us, bickering at my coat. ‘He comes here, sometimes, to smoke a cigarette.’
‘We’d better go back.’
I stare at the empty pool of rust-wet metal beneath the last lamp as if I can materialize father back into being by the force of concentration. It doesn’t seem real. It seems as if I stand outside the night, impervious to rain and cold. I concentrate on the water running into my boots and seeping down around my feet.
‘Am I still dreaming?’ Dorothy asks after a while.
I can’t tell if she’s crying. She might be crying, or it might be the rain on her face.
‘Yes, you’re dreaming,’ I say, and feel sympathy for her. Perhaps it’s the first time I’ve ever felt sympathy for her.
She looks up at me, staring into my face, searching for strength, for guidance, for things I can’t give her. I’m twelve years old, struggling with my own loss. How can I give her anything?
‘I don’t mind if we look for him,’ she says with utmost seriousness.
‘All right.’ I try to appear brave. Nothing much will be moving in Borova this late at night.
‘But don’t let go of my hand,’ she adds.

The last skittering background of rain eases off. The wind drops and the deluge wears down to a patter like moisture from waves spraying up over a storm wall. For the first time I feel the cold, invading my small island of shelter. But the rain dies, and all around me the night looms huge and black and expansive, its lights now smaller, more distant, less diffracted, points in the blanket of darkness that have swallowed the world. Nothing but the hush of the sea on the beach and the thrumming of the freight loader moving away.
On impulse I snatch back my hood and haul Dorothy into the waterlogged road a couple of steps to stand staring up at the dying rain in the darkness, to taste the last few drops on my lips and tongue. It seems important, as if I’m saying goodbye to something, to mother, to all those irretrievable worlds: those made irretrievable by loss, and those made irretrievable by distance.
The rain dies, and now there’s a weight of silence in the sky more ominous than the passing storm. Something hisses from the low wall separating the last Park building from the half-dismantled barricades and warning hoardings that mark the beginning of the city beyond. A small feral shape, its spines patterned gray and brown, staring back at me with eyes that reflect slanted chips of amber, lidded over briefly with scaly membranes as it turns its head directly into the light. Dorothy, staring back at me with eyes as large, as shining, as scared.
The only thing to do is go on into the city itself.
As if in agreement, the cold night wraps itself around me like a cloak of security, blocking out the dangers, a twelve year old girl and a seven year old child wandering in an alien city in the depths of a winter night. Crazy, crazy thing to do, to let your life up so carelessly to the whims of a city made dangerous by the unknown, by the darkness, by the unpredictability of the night.
Clenching her hand tight, I move cautiously back along the road until I find the gap that leads inward toward the huge grazing blades of the city center beyond the sheeting white traffic on the high steel thoroughfare, and begin to edge along it toward the red rim between night and a darkness deeper than night. Dorothy hurries at my side, bumping her shoulder against mine, clutching my hand for comfort in the darkness, but she matches my speed and she says nothing. I know what I’m doing, as far as she’s concerned, and she’ll follow me.
A pair of human figures nudge by, reeling toward the Park. They ignore us. The man’s voice is raised but incomprehensible, the woman pressed against him as if seeking her own addled comfort. At the end of the passage more people, standing letting out clouds of steaming breath on the sidewalk by a shafolli shop, the last open in our part of town. I slow to a halt, watching them alertly, their hunched backs, the pale oval of a face putting a cigarette to its lips, an orange speck of flame occluded by his hand. None of them look like father.
Crossing the road, we creep by quickly on the other side. Nobody follows, though Dorothy keeps looking back at them. My gaze is fixed firmly ahead, but every second I move in fear of the sudden sound of boots beating on the sidewalk, the panic of pursuit. We’re let on toward the mouth of the subway under the thoroughfare.
Above us the traffic streaks by like flashes of gunfire across the floodlit steel. Patterns of light like echoes from nightmares receding in the back of the brain, their rumbling noise building up beneath us, beneath my feet, reaching a giddy crescendo and passing by in breathless doppler panning, red-shifted into the night, curving off and away between the dark buildings.
Beyond them the city looms, outlined by clusters of amber and white lights that pulse and waver in random thermals. City night, groaning with its hidden cargo. My more immediate threat is the subway, the long tunnel hidden beneath the lip of the road, only the first part of it visible, steaming to itself in the kakazo-barking night. The tunnel lights change as we approach, obscured briefly, but it might just be a trick of the eyes. They look like figures squatting.
Summoning my courage, I pull my hood up as if that will protect us, clench Dorothy’s hand as hard as I can, curl the other to a fist impotently in my pocket, and set off at a run down into the light.
I keep running even though the subway’s empty. I run through giddy reverberating light urging myself on with mumbled cries of fear until I reach the slope on the other side and there I slow, staggering up out of the threat of the tunnel, up into the city itself.
Only now do I remember Dorothy, but somehow she’s matched my speed and is still gripping my hand, not looking at me, face hidden by her own hood, sharing some sense of danger and the rush of adrenaline and the giddy pulse of moving in uncharted waters. I marvel at her courage. Perhaps I give her courage with the certainty of my touch, of my presence, an elder sister protecting her from the night.
I walk on now, gasping in breath that cuts my throat to ribbons and spikes at my chest.
A vast shape lumbers abruptly into view, its glossy carapace buckled like distressed steel. Clattering armor, it shifts insolently across our path. An anzoori adult, sleepwalking into the passage that leads down into a swirling, bad smelling underworld, perhaps to feeding grounds in the rust of the beach. 
My heart hammers in my chest, still in a panic of flight from the subway. I recognize nothing. Buildings dark under neon signs, a rank of empty vehicles outside a fueling depot, anzoori figures moving on the road and on the sidewalk in slow chains, platforms thrumming with the clangor of the city factories. They pulse along the street kept warm by alcohol.
A human male rises up suddenly, mumbling something. I dart out from beneath him, running a short distance before hurrying on at a fast walking pace, Dorothy pressed against my side. The city swims with figures, edging between the walls like boxers circling each other at the start of a fight. We move through a violence that hangs heavy in the air.
To one side, behind the rough edge of one of the big workshops, I see a threatening expanse of black without perspective. Ranoza trees hang over the entrance, laden with ghost leaves, their coral fans leading inexorably back toward the ground. A few kakazo birds roost among the broken-off branches and shriveled black remains of foliage, sitting with their quills ruffed into balls and eyes blank. They look as if nothing can harm them, though I know anzoori juveniles will catch them if they can. For what purpose is not clear. They cannot deal the meat, as kakazo are unpalatable to humans.
We move on, street to street, resigned to having lost all sense of direction, trusting to find father by the power of our genetic connection. We have strayed from the shelter of the shore into the clamoring heart of the city.
There’s no safety in light here, no security in flitting from street to street small and fast and mobile. Slow-moving anzoor block the route ahead, meaning we have to detour into the road, through vehicles that come streaking without warning as we run toward the other side. A shift siren whoops somewhere in an adjacent street, and there are the snorts of emerging workers.
In dark doorways, towering anzoor emerge from an industrial background like abstract constructions of metal scaffolding hung with rags or the remains of clothing snagged on barbed wire, sheltering like families huddled in a cellar waiting for a storm to pass and to emerge into the moonscape of wreckage. They move with random surety. Like all anzoori adults, they ignore us completely.
The canopy of cloud hangs motionless over the city here, heavier, more oppressive even than the buildings. The chill eats into my face, the pores of my cheeks gaping open with the heat of fear and exercise. In the gullies between buildings the air hangs perfectly still, a stagnant fog of moisture burring in the throat. From far away the sound of human laughter or screaming rises, sustained, ceaseless, carried on the crisp still air.
A clutch of women comes staggering along the opposite sidewalk, not looking in our direction. One has a deep cut in her forehead. A man claws his way along the wall further down the street, as if blinded. Shouts ring out in the distance, the bleating cries of a trapped animal which every so often degrade into human speech. When I next look up the man has stumbled into a parked vehicle and is beating his fists impotently on the tall hood, producing hollow twanging sounds from the metal. The anzoori adult in the vehicle acts as if he doesn’t exist. There’s the continuing background shrill of screaming.
We find ourselves running again, driven by fear into less populous back streets where the buildings shoulder each other into a glowering night sky devoid of stars. I don’t know how we got here. Through a hole in a wall, perhaps, or by a process of assimilation with the grainy metal of the buildings and sidewalk and the dark glossy glass of windows reflecting shadowy shapes as if buried deep inside them in an amber of prehistory. They have no reference to the normal industry and commerce of Borova in the daytime. Here, something different and transformed is for sale.
Flickering neon forms arrows leading the eye into warm-looking doorways. We walk slowly, feeling our way through the twilight, alert to the threat of sudden movement, the proximity of shadows, aware of the way the neon cuts up the narrow street forming arches and tunnels stretching out on either side before coming up short against mottled, half-lit walls and black doorways into further, warren-like spaces. There’s no sky. The space is taken by murmuring black, streaked with translucent ribbons of cloud. At my side, Dorothy mumbles to herself in fear.
This is a city within the city, a stumbling upon hidden worlds of dreadful intent, buried by the light which, at dawn, shutters it all away behind plain steel walls riven over with the detritus of smog. A shanty of narrow passages where human men move as I move, picking their way through the broken glass with their hands deep in their pockets as if afraid of having their souls snatched out of their navels. I can feel it burning in me, that need for the soul to take flight through the base of the spine.
There are anzoori juveniles here, too, exposing rims of pale flesh in the midnight cold that let out no body heat. They seem not at all different to the hazy, orange-white figures in the faded posters pasted to graffitied hoardings beneath the red crosses, porches to midnight shops, their bodies contorted oddly around each other as if driven by contagion to an area of dead end leprosy. In one poster it looks like a human man is trying to drive his head into a juvenile’s body in a bizarre occult ritual.
I press onwards, creeping through the portals of light, hardly moving my head as I pass for fear of the movement within those glimpsed passages. Anzoori adults tower briefly overhead before clattering off into a shadow which immediately wraps around them and absorbs them, just a flap of yellow paper kicked up by their departure. Something persists in me—unfocussed, unfulfilled. It starts up the aching in my stomach again, a yearning for something lost and gone in the past, or years away in some forgotten tomorrow.
One of the juveniles slides out of the hoarding directly in front of me, somehow passing from the peeling orange surface of the poster into solid form. I stop at once, pushing Dorothy behind me. The juvenile is upright on its bony legs, leaning over me. Its ruff of quills is fully erect. There’s something smeared all over its half-exposed body. The narrow sidewalk is filled with the apparition. To one side the wall of the building rises into a patchwork of glimmering lights illuminating pools of cold-sweating skin oozing rivulets of condensation. To the other the colorless chassis of a parked vehicle settles itself into the gutter, creaking as it cools. 
I dart a glance back along the garbage-strewn sidewalk as it wallows away toward clear air and a street light. Too far to run.
‘Are you lost, child?’ the apparition asks. I sense it tilting its head to look from me to Dorothy, lingering on our faces. I’m amazed and appalled. It’s the first time I’ve ever heard a juvenile speak. Its voice is velvet, muzzled, thick as treacle in the back of the throat. I feel the tiny threads of hairs rising on my arms.
Turning back, I look up at it, the massive bare form of this creature laid out in its glowing surface of skin, as flecked and pitted as an orange, oozing a taint of essential oil. It bends on its legs, knee-joints inverted, leading my gaze into the folds of its body. Its limbs are veined in dark channels which focus slowly into gauzy coverings. Now I can see the diaphanous veils of its skirts, an invisible frizz of material as lacy and insubstantial as cobwebs. I’m aware of the heat of Dorothy’s hand.
‘Do you speak?’ the juvenile asks in that same lulling treacle. I’m hot and uncomfortable. I don’t know what to do, whether to turn back or to duck through the arch of its legs and run on. There’s no way both of us can make it and I’m not going to abandon her. The juvenile steams a willowy aura of scent as cloyingly citrus as its voice, like cheap soap fatty as cooked shafolli.
Its groin, slightly below the level of my face, bows inwards almost to the rim, puckered in the middle with a confusion of serrated folds of skin pierced with glittering rings and tiny radiating white lines like crater debris. I can see the shadow of its pelvis sinking away forming a bowl for the starved body, catted in old quills. Metal prods have been embedded in its flesh like heating elements. Its hollow chest is bound up in the same diaphanous lace as its legs, pouting with cold. I manage to swallow. I still can’t see where to run.
Only when it leans forward to stretch down one of its four limbs do I notice its head, half-shadowed in the light streaming down from a cluster of red crosses just behind it, a doorway it’s beckoned open in the wall. The juvenile is wearing a kind of simulation rubber face, the face of a girl.
‘Are you a man or a woman?’ it asks. ‘I can’t tell with humans.’
I duck away from its reaching hand, and it levers itself back upright.
‘What are two humans doing here so late at night?’ it persists. ‘It’s too cold, and too dangerous.’
Turning, it indicates the doorway which gapes open behind it as if summoned into being by the flourish of its arm. Its skin folds glimmer in a halo of red light.
‘Go in,’ it says. ‘It’s warm in there.’
I feel myself being drawn forward despite myself, drawn under those loose tails of bare skin. The anzoor’s arm curves toward the doorway. The naked skin burns as the light falls across it, deepening the shadows beneath the poised ring of its quills. I’m unable to breathe, slipping in under the ragged hem of its body, craning to see down the passageway inside the door. It boils with red light shining with suspended dust, drawing my attention deeper and deeper.
A corridor of doors and mirrors suffused in burning. Red shades over the ceiling, clouded with a haze of old smoke circling and congregating among the rims of the ornate picture frames. Tunnels of red punched out of the mirrors as their reflections cross and re-cross, scattering away across the city.
‘Look,’ Dorothy whispers suddenly, tugging at my hand. ‘There he is.’

I can’t tell if I’ve entered the doorway or not. Everything’s suffused with a hazy red glow, like an aftershock burning behind the eyes, making things difficult to look at, hidden behind an umbra of neon. I follow Dorothy’s pointing hand and see father down the street, just stumbling out of one of the other doorways. He reels into the road, pulling his coat around him with a sick, disheveled motion, as if drunk on grief.
He seems barren to me, in that glimpse of him spied on from afar, totally different to the father who worked with mother on elaborate fantasies of childhood in their comfortable country house on Earth. Thin, not just due to the light wrapped around him from behind, thin with age, blinking sightlessly at the night as if surprised to find himself here.
He searches for cigarettes in his bag but doesn’t find any and manages a couple of reeling steps further out into the road, a lumbering, sad, lonely monster filled up with sorrow and the need for oblivion. When the search fails he turns to stare into the doorway he’s just exited from, weighing up the pros and cons of returning to that warm comfort.
I feel relieved at having found him, but I know that he’ll be angry if he sees us, as if we’ve caught him off-guard in some private moment, a moment of purely personal grief expressed in a way we’d have no comprehension of and which he wouldn’t be able to explain. So I do nothing, waiting for him to move far enough away from the door before I show myself. 
Noticing him, the anzoori juvenile lets out a sucking, displeased noise and tilts off into the corridor. We retreat down the street with our hoods pulled up tight over our heads, in the shadow between one light and the next, watching.
We are finally about to go to him when three other men come stumbling into the street behind him, moving out from a junction beyond where a vehicle drifts silently across the street. Father, seemingly unaware of their presence, begins to head away from us. The three men stagger closer, tilting like sailors storm-tossed across the night street, heading by random chance directly for father, collision course in amber nightmare.
Everything happens in slow motion, as if seen through a lens that distorts time. I shrink back automatically into the shadows, pulling Dorothy behind me. The men’s paths are drawn together by gravity, and there’s a brief scuffle. I hear father’s mumbled apologies and the muttered curses of the other men, then he seems to break free, to be let through into the open air beyond them.
But that’s only briefly. He’s managed a single step through them before one of the men turns and I see his arm raised then swung down in a glancing blow across father’s head. I bite my tongue to prevent myself crying out. I can’t breathe. The air’s like molten metal burning on my exposed face and hands, stiffening in my lungs and throat, solidifying in my mouth. The blow hits target and father crumples almost to his knees before dragging himself back upright and beginning another step as if nothing’s happened, as if he’s oblivious to the pain of the blow.
This second step never reaches the ground. The same man swings again, this time curving his fist in around father’s side and striking him in the stomach. Father keels forward with a muffled cry which is the only sound I hear him make.
The other men are on him immediately, a flurry of blows that drive him first to his knees and then backwards onto the puddled street. I watch, appalled, unable to help, unable to do anything in the fast-beating mouth of my terror, gripping Dorothy tight, her face in my chest, not letting her see. 
On the opposite side of the road, like a mirror, two anzoori adults also stand watching. They, too, do nothing to help.
Once father’s on the ground the men’s actions grow more vicious, and more focused. He lies sprawled on his back, one leg under a parked vehicle while the three men pound at him, kicking him hard in the stomach and chest and back. He twitches at each blow as if responding sluggishly to uncertain impulses in the brain. All around him a sheen of rain droplets, somehow agitated out of the surface of the standing pools in the road, hangs glistening in suspension in the air, a myriad tiny spherical reflections of the crackling neon and my own face turned up in a shaft of red light.
Finally, giving up even this futile attempt at protection, he lets his head flop back, stretched out on the dirty metal. A particularly violent kick to the jaw ensures his acquiescence, though it isn’t needed. He’s unconscious.
Now that he’s stopped moving, words pass in hurried snatches between the men like contraband, though I can’t hear what they’re saying from my distance. One of the men crouches to riffle through his pockets, pulling out the cigarette packet father was unable to find himself and a wallet. Another scrabbles through the contents of his shoulder bag and holds up what he finds to the light of the nearest street lamp. With horror, I see him pull out a stack of mother’s teaching cards, each one painted by hand. He flicks through them without interest.
The first man reaches down to slap father in the face, once, twice, three times, demanding he come around so that he can tell them the security number of his lock box in the Park, the place he keeps whatever valuable property he owns. I hear these words distinctly. But father’s out cold and no amount of slapping can rouse him. 
The men glance at each other. One tosses the empty wallet on his chest. The other, disgusted with the contents of the shoulder bag, tears each of mother’s paintings in half and casts the pieces into the dirt. The third pulls out a cigarette and sticks it in his mouth at an angle. Then all three head off into the darkness with a swaggering laugh.
A vehicle slips through the night, sliding through the foggy, rain-hanging street illuminating patches of shimmering metal and the dazzling beads of a sign as it passes. The two anzoori adults shift their armored bulks away ponderously. Somebody barters with the city in distant, desolate abandon. I stand huddled against the shadows of a wall under the unblinking gaze of the red neon, Dorothy to my chest, a cold hollow beating in my chest and a warm sweet taste in my mouth.

Overhead the sky’s a livid orange color, stretched like a dome of burning gasoline from rooftop to rooftop. Beneath this canopy of incandescence the dark buildings swim upwards like black flames. I think of the polarized, vivid landscapes my mother painted, which my father translated into words. It seems that I’m now living under the antithesis of that childhood wonderland: its black, stinking, oozing antithesis, turned inside out like a cat’s ear.
Summoning my nerve, I shrug off Dorothy and run toward father. Crouching over him, I stare at his face. It’s wet, greasy-looking in the light. There are flakes of dead skin caught in all his unshaved stubble. I can’t tell if he’s alive. To one side the crosses of neon pop and fizzle as if there’s a residue of power in the air itself condensing on the tubes.
Grabbing the lapels of his coat I begin to haul at them, trying to pull him up off the road, but there’s no strength in my arms. I let go and slump over his chest. Behind me I see Dorothy mutely gathering the sodden pieces of mother’s paintings from the gutter.
The neon continues to shine but the light is now flickering and dim as if the electrical currents have grown unsteady, and all the color’s been burned out of the tubes.
I sit back on the wet road, holding my breath as I try to slow my heart. I can’t tell how long has passed, how many hours or seconds since father was attacked.
I stare at him again, anxious for signs of life, but there are none. He doesn’t appear to be breathing. In the distance I hear other humans: senseless yelling, repeated shouting at the top of the lungs as if haranguing a fleeing attacker or at the tail end of a violent argument, reverberating down the narrow side streets, followed by the barking of the kakazo birds.
The distant screaming grows louder, a senseless bellowing which sparks off another rush of incomprehensible shouting.
I grab father’s lapels again and shake them as hard as I can. The shaking makes his head twist over to one side, his mouth slightly open. Still no sign of life, no sign of breathing. Desperation wells up in me. I want to thump his chest, to beat him into a reaction.
At the same time, I grow aware of the vehicle.
An engine has separated from the background noise and is growing ever louder. It sounds as if it’s just down the next street. Burying my hands in father’s coat collar I begin to drag him backwards across the road, yelling at myself for strength as I hurl myself toward the nearest doorway.
Now I see the vehicle. A massive metallic shape, propelling itself up the street toward me. My actions grow more urgent in the moments that the vehicle bears down on me, jerking father across the road and up onto the sidewalk.
At the last moment he comes to life, bending his knees and rolling across the sidewalk beside me. Dorothy throws herself on his chest. She’s still clutching the ruined pictures.
The vehicle hurtles past, diminishing into the background drone.
Father opens his eyes. He stares at me for a long time, as if trying to work out who I am.
‘Alice?’ he says finally. His voice is hardly more than a whisper. He clears his throat and tries again, clearer this time. ‘Alice?’
Dorothy begins to sob. Tears prickle at my own eyes. I let them come. He grunts, tries to rise, falls back again. Maybe a rib is cracked.
There are juveniles in the doorways, peering out with blank eyes. I wonder what they make of us. The smell of the street is like the smell of father when he comes home to an empty bed late at night, when mother is out running to ease her pain, the tang of cigarettes and wanting and helpless surrender. I realize at once that it wasn’t mother who kept us here on Colfoni these past seven years. His eyes are as blank as the anzoori. We will never return to Earth.
He stares at me again, searching my face for clues, then shakes his head.
‘Dorothy,’ he murmurs. He touches her hair briefly. ‘Let’s go home.’
Hauling lamely at the sidewalk, pressing hard, howling silently at the night, he manages to drag himself to his feet. We gather everything and press it back in his bag. Then, taking both our hands, he leads us through broken corridors and rust-pitted passages, beneath the leaning blades of Borova, through clanging wharves to the sullied streets of Paradise.


* * * *


Old House In The Flap Of The Wind (excerpt from The Music Of The Rending Of The Night)

In contrast to the other pieces featured in this sampler, which tell their stories using plain, economical language, The Music Of The Rending Of The Night is all about foregrounding the text itself. Each of its four sections features a different style with different imagery and iconography. This excerpt is from the second section, ‘We Move Like A Virus Through The Deep Drugged Dawn,’ which describes—in an unceasing hallucinogenic whirl that threatens repeatedly to spiral down into The Bone Room—how the two main characters, Winnie and her brother Danny, have found themselves in a nightmare circus somewhere in Eastern Europe. Note: though this is a tame excerpt from an extreme novel, it does contain themes that might offend.

The castle revolves on its mountain summit to buskers’ reels and the jangling dervish bells of street entertainers. The gyres of the morning whirl around us. The muddy cobbles clop under our feet. The towers of the castle spin overhead. The voices of tradesmen rebound wall to wall. Volleys hawk out from the gaudy beer tents, the shambles of stalls, the shanty of mumbling ascetics, their meager wares spread out on dusty napkins on the roadside: fists of brown hashish and glossy black mountain ocarinas piping like birds beneath their trembling, expert fingers.
The castle’s muezzins ululate, words shiny in the morning sun, drawing in travelers and gypsies to flog tired horses and beaten tinker’s pans. The flutes of these morning stall-holders form a blizzard of blinding microtones. From every stall, under flapping awnings, between carillons of jingling bells or fluttering kites, their hands dance on the punctured bodies of their whistles. From every instrument the tune resonates.
The streets are alive with interference. Here the sound deafens. Two steps on it lulls into silence. Spice sellers’ bowls congest the air with ochre powder, bringing up a rash on the skin. Old women creep through the market beneath yashmaks, cowls and slitted head-scarves, bartering silently with deft gestures in their gathered laps. In curtained booths, for hard cash, pawned from hand to hand like contraband, brothel madams lift embroidered silk flaps on henna-stained mouths and depilated slits. You can sink in a cock, for a price. A blind man’s stick pokes irritably at the cobbles, upsetting the piled cabbages and carrots of a vegetable trader. Produce is expensive here in the city and a furore of words soon joins the hurdy-gurdy of music.
We pace the market like actors on a stage, improvising our roles at random. The castle rings about our ears, hurrying the sunlight to its foundations down the granite shafts of its minarets. A salty thaw washes the grime from cracks in the ancient buildings, leaving them clean as old crazed crockery. Everything’s alive this morning, banged into blossom by the abrupt sunlight.
Pent-up frustration in mediaeval buildings, in their broad-collared gables, in their hunchbacked bay windows, in their gnarled wooden balconies leaning over narrow back streets. Shadows of faces behind mahogany jalis in gaps of lapis and mother-of-pearl stained brown as old men’s gums. Dogs scurry down alleys sniffing gutters for rats. Children play tag among the rusty boles of ancient metal wells in decrepit courtyards of chipped turquoise tiles like abandoned bath houses. One woman scowls openly at us. A tattered, weather-bleached poster flicks flies off a boarded-up window, inviting the passing crowds to see THE MAN WITH A THOUSAND SKINS and THE AMAZING HUMAN PIN CUSHION. It takes a second glance to realize this last is a reference to me.
The copper plaque on the ceremonial column in the center of the market square turns out to be so furred with verdigris that it’s almost impossible to decipher the text, which anyway is in a language neither of us understands. The market shuffles around us like boxers awaiting the ring. Two teenage boys shove Danny into the column and run off laughing. At any moment this entire square, stolid with flutes and spices, could solidify altogether, trapping us in this brutal moment. The raised hand with the scimitar, slashing away consciousness, slashing in that final gorgeous release of inhibition. My body feels numb, expectant in its gauze of khaki traveler’s dress.
The blonde woman translates.
‘It was Carter who first penetrated the castle to the knots of its foundations, unrolled the mummified sex of the rocks jammed like skeletons in the oubliettes of the mountain. In the few surviving pages of Carter’s journals the dank decaying substance of the castle oozes out, hurrying toward its cancerous end in the eastern snub of the cordillera:
‘‘On retreat this evening the buildings follow us down the track in the sanguine, waning light. A mottled autumn’s upon us. The leaves crackle, giving up their sap. The dead month slides beneath our wheels.
‘‘Tonight, during the leavening rituals of our porters, our bodies are finally transformed. Stamens split our chests, roots gnarl our groins. We wait for spring to crack us open, white as mushrooms in the virgin wood.’’
The blonde woman’s voice is soft annihilation.
This deep drugged being in the chattering dawn, Danny, this moving in circles, tied to the pivot of our love, of the abuse that is our love. It could be Romania. All countries look the same under war. We’ve crossed the border, again, that zigzags among these mountain peaks, threaded through the forests in the west. Those peaks, capped with snow, pale against a murderous morning horizon. Conflict and famine follow us into the east. Go down, go down. The market’s gathering into the square. We’re gloriously happy against this backdrop of painted newsreel celluloid.
We watch the blonde woman bound off across the foothills, legs reaching for the next hilltop. Impossibly long strides carry her away through the rocky Carpathian landscape of crags and waterfalls. She goes with her hair fluttering and her words fluttering. In dreams our fingers clench and rub to the surface the bones in the backs of our hands.
Danny lifts his camera but already the woman has disappeared. There’s a gape in the air as if she’s thieved our stomachs from our bodies.
‘My autograph!’ Danny exclaims. I wrap my arms around him to prevent him skittering off in her gravity. ‘She’s stolen something from me—the round letters of my name—’
We buy pomegranates and galangal. We kiss with lips that taste of ginger. We run our fingers through the purple and gold satins, plush as baby hair, that festoon the walkways, pricked with infinite minute invocations in the weave. The castle horns with traffic. It’s the dawn rush hour. We kiss. It’s another rush hour in the gray highlands.
‘I love your kisses, your mutilations.’
There’s this glorious feeling of release when the cold steel twists in your skin, when the sun shafts through the trees, opening up the petals of your flesh. 

The first thing we hear on our return to the camp is Rosencrantz’s voice, followed at a beat by a din of combustion engines. The mountains stand curtained in fog streaked black as if fire-damaged. The big top sags on the edge of the plateau, craning into that limitless wall of fog. Drizzle eats at the scum of snow that sullies the road from the castle gates.
‘Something’s happened,’ Danny mutters, hurrying me out of the arch.
A truck roars past, horn blaring, tires snarling, spraying my bare legs with gravel. It screeches to a halt at the entrance to the camp. Two men leap out. Their boots crunch on the road. They drag something from the back and dump it in the snow. It could be a sack of wheat or a bleached, sodden lump of cotton. A few of the travelers stand around nearby, motionless, and a pony kicks at one of the pegs of the big top, trying to bring it down like a torn hot air balloon. The canopy of blue and green fabric bucks under the pony’s hooves, shuddering, decaying.
The men climb back on. The truck accelerates toward the edge. At the last moment it skids around, flinging up mud and garbage, and roars toward us. Danny hurls me off the road into one of the remaining drifts. My hands plunge through the crisp shell of snow, speckled with black grit, into the cold soft interior.
Something jars my leg. I hear the disembodied voices of the locals then the wake of scattered debris bouncing and skittering as the truck pounds on toward the castle gates. Picking myself up, I scrape the muddy snow off my arms.
‘You’re hurt,’ Danny says.
Just below the knee a flint kicked up by the truck has jammed in my leg, staining the drift with blood.
‘It’s okay,’ I say, digging it out. ‘It’s not very deep.’
I give him a brave smile, then scowl at the sallow watery blood that leaks out of the incision. He finds a handkerchief in one of his pockets and wraps it around my leg, fumbling for a knot in the free ends.
Now I have to sit down. I settle myself into the snowdrift and focus in on the tiny beads of pain that have lodged in my synapses. Danny crouches beside me. I feel him from a great distance.
‘Come on, Winnie, don’t go to sleep.’
‘I’m not going to sleep.’
‘Open your eyes.’
‘I didn’t know they were shut.’
‘You can sleep in the caravan. You can’t sleep here.’
I look up at him, his head framed against the glare of foggy sky, the wavering outline of the castle.
‘What’s happening in the camp?’
He turns his face away. ‘I’m not sure, but it’s not good news. Can you walk?’
‘Of course I can walk. Help me up.’
We struggle on. The sound of the truck has faded. Now the entire castle looks down on us in a brooding silence. From every turret and parapet, from every window slit, from every balcony the inhabitants of the castle stare at us. There’s an inaudible humming in the air. The atmosphere’s choked with it, as if the whole hive’s been stirred up by the sticks of our circus. My feet slip on the icy road. My knee throbs. The handkerchief yellows with blood. As we approach the camp the feeling of being watched increases to a certainty.

We find the settlement in uproar. Laborers are busy dismantling the circus, extricating caravans and box-cars, gunning engines, battling to control the horses which have broken free again. Totem, standing at the side of the road, snorts at us defiantly. One hoof gouges out cobbles with white splinters of sparks.
Rosencrantz stalks the camp in an hysterical calmness, whip snatching at his leg, hat askew, bellowing commands. Some of the dwarfs have gathered up the bundle deposited by the locals and are hurrying it toward the big top which now leans to one side like a fainted woman’s farthingale. It looks like the main mast has broken. The Sad Couple watch from a stagnant pool beneath Totem, devoid of expression, waiting for their tanks to be pulled from the wreckage. Ticket touts fling receipts and bill-posters on a bonfire that snakes smoke into the hanging fog.
Entering the camp, we find the wrecks of cars, the burned shells of caravans, the shapeless rubbish of the settlement coming down, clawed out of the tangle by Bullion.
Rosencrantz ricochets toward us, voice first.
‘Where’ve you been? What do you think you were doing in the castle?’
‘Sightseeing,’ Danny offers. ‘What’s going on?’
‘Sightseeing! How did you hurt your leg?’
‘Hit by a stone.’
‘Thrown by one of them, I suppose?’
‘Kicked up by the truck that just left.’
‘The truck!’ Rosencrantz scoffs incredulously.
‘It won’t affect our act,’ Danny says.
‘Your act? You haven’t got an act. Not here anyway. None of us have. We’re moving out.’ He glares at me. ‘I suppose you don’t have a clue what I’m talking about. I suppose you’re innocent as children, as always.’
‘There’s been trouble? Is anybody hurt?’
He swerves away, shrugging us off.
‘Look in the marquee. You can justify your actions to me later, once we’re off this infernal plateau.’
He lopes out of view, leaving us marooned among the dregs of snow. I search for reassuring faces but the laborers are too busy bringing down the camp and packing up ready for a hurried departure. We don’t move, too bewildered to join in.
The big top billows open. Heidi emerges on a platform wheeled toward her wagon amid a sweaty catcalling of protests by innumerable dwarfs, followed by the crouched figure of Domino. He turns his steps toward us reluctantly.
We hardly recognize him. His body’s covered in bandages streaked with blood of many colors. His slashed face has been stitched shut, presumably by Hemlock, but the fringes of tattoos now marry together to form bizarre new hybrids. He looks a mess. Lurid patterns have already begun to appear in the riot of his skin, wriggling out of the patchwork of bandages mottled with faces and bodies in the final stages of decay. He attempts a brutal grin.
‘Bad move,’ he says, indicating the bag of provisions slung over Danny’s shoulder. ‘You walked straight into the lion’s cage this morning and didn’t even know it.’
‘We knew something had changed by the atmosphere. What happened to you?’
Domino ignores the question.
‘The atmosphere? Yes, I suppose you could call it that. You’d better follow me.’
He limps back toward the big top. We exchange an apprehensive glance and hurry after him.
‘I don’t know when you left the tavern last night,’ he continues as we walk. ‘You missed all the fun.’
‘We were tired. We came back to the camp. There wasn’t any trouble when we left.’
‘You were probably too out of it to tell. Those fucking native mushrooms. Starkers took more than I did. Starkers—’ 
His voice dwindles into silence. We reach the entrance. He ushers us inside, into the gloom, into the stale tobacco smell of the morning circus. On the sawdust-scattered stage a mute tableau has begun to form, a nativity of freaks. The white flour has spilled out of its sack over the warped, weathered boards. Domino manages another mocking smile at our expressions.
‘Oh yes, you got out at the right time. If you knew how primitive these people are! Oh yes, and you went back in the morning, shopping, sightseeing!’
He climbs the steps to the stage, wincing as his wounds open.
We follow him up to the huddle of performers. It parts at our approach, letting us into the tallow-smoking center where a rough bunk has been fashioned out of horse bags and forklift truck pallets. The flour sack turns out to be Fleck, dead Fleck, lovely Fleck, his eyes rolled back, his body spread out like a stained musty duvet stripped of its cover. His throat is the only thing not white. Fleck now sports a necklace of blue and green bruises.
My legs give out beneath me. I drop to my knees, hands reaching for the cold white body. Domino looks down on me pitilessly.
‘You left,’ he says, ‘buoyed up on your impermeability, more blind than Fleck. At least he knew what was happening, what was really going on. You were too secure in yourselves. You couldn’t even see beyond the end of your noses. The whole thing turned—you know how it turns when you let it? Then it gets bad. Then it disintegrates. The thorns take over, the weeds take over, and you’re trussed up, and you’re caught utterly. The bad thirty seconds, remember that, and how you’d fight them and start laughing? Down it all went, down to hell, down to the bone room.’
This cold skin, this clammy smile as Fleck rolls in my arms, saying something, saying nothing. We’ve got to do something, Danny, hide this body, tip it in a dustbin, get away from here.
It’s all right, don’t worry, they can’t pin anything on us. It could be anybody. It’s just a freak. He doesn’t have a name. He doesn’t exist in the eyes of the law. Nobody will miss him. Nobody will miss us.
‘The bone room!’ Domino cries. ‘Are you looking for Starkers? Do you expect them to bring her out like a carcass and dump her here for the dogs to find? No: she’s still alive. Still in there somewhere, still in the bone room. Sky-clad, earth-clad. They’ll keep her under for months, flat on her back, stomach full of poison, poison knotting her fingers, thoughts crying out from deep inside, trapped back there, behind the mushrooms, behind the pills, in everlasting now. Oh yes, and you went back, you walked back in—!’
‘Did you see what happened to Fleck?’ Danny asks in a monotone.
‘The last I saw they’d taken him apart, they’d carried him away in pieces. I don’t know what those cannibals intended to do to him. They hung him, anyway. At some point in the night they hung him. They emasculated him. They didn’t want any trace of him left.
‘We heard the screeching from the other room. Do you never wonder what a blind man sees when he’s tripping? He saw them all right. He was screeching. They took the rope to him, and the hook, and the manacles, and the drills.
‘They let me off lightly. They stood me on a plinth in the corner and set on me like tomb robbers, hacking off the best hieroglyphs for trophies, knuckling them out of the walls with their knives. Each small canvas of my skin a treasure to be smuggled away, leaving me one color all over, finally, which was red. Left me to bear witness on their barbarity. Left me to watch what they did to Starkers on the bed with their bodies and with their implements.
‘When they finally dragged me out I saw her eyes, the remnants of Starkers, of her consciousness, beseeching me for help as they crammed more pills in her mouth.’
Domino thrusts his head away, sickened by his own words.
I gaze down on the pale still face of my Fleck, of my dead Fleck, nuzzling the rough bed with his skull, loose on his neck, the ridges of bruises under his chin ragged to the touch, wrinkles of skin under my fingertips.
‘What’s left up there?’ Domino murmurs. ‘Blood everywhere, blood on the bed sheets, dripping on the carpet. Oh yes, to go through that every moment for all eternity, to be pulled down into that, to the bones.’
I stand, giddy with it, with the feel of Fleck. Danny embraces me in silence.
‘Anyway,’ Domino says, ‘we’re on our way out. You’d better get your things together. We’ve been lured here like children by the promise of chocolate. We’ve already taken the bait. If we stay here much longer they’ll cut it out of our guts.’
He limps into the light that forms a jagged wedge in the torn canopy, stooped beneath the burden of fog.
‘He’s dead at least,’ he says, voice hollow in the midmorning air. ‘He’s dead. So you might as well save your tears for him.’
‘I’m not crying,’ I retort, but he’s already gone.

The canopy flaps, kicked away by his arm. Above us the tilted, sagging marquee ruffles out pigeons that flutter at its tied-shut mildewed vents. Poles lean together where the guy ropes have been severed. The other performers begin to drift away.
Danny walks off a couple of yards and sits on the edge of the stage. His feet scuff the damp sawdust beneath it, stirring up cigarette butts. He gazes out at the gloomy rows of stalls, scattered with popcorn cones. Somebody closes Fleck’s beautiful blue eyes with their fingertips and presses the white lids down until they stay shut. Now he’s at peace.
‘You are crying,’ Danny says. ‘Why did you tell Domino that you weren’t?’
I rock back on my legs and rub a grimy hand under my eyes. Smears of clean skin appear on my hands as if by trickery. I survey them for a moment then smutch away the marks.
A teardrop lands in my palm, tinged with pink. A tiny worm of blood curled up in the salty water. When I bend to kiss Fleck’s cold wrinkled lips, another drop dribbles on his nose. It looks so ludicrous, snaking onto his cheek leaving its thread of blood behind, that I have to laugh.
This choking laugh, this stupid choking laugh.
‘Leave him,’ Danny says. ‘Come and sit beside me.’
He cradles me with an arm. I let the tears drip in my lap.
‘We took a wrong turn somewhere,’ he says to the dark marquee.
‘A wrong turn? We were scheduled to come up into the mountains. The same path—the same circles. Fleck told us so.’
‘I don’t mean coming here. I don’t mean this castle. There are places like this everywhere—haven’t you noticed? Everywhere we stop it ends up like this, sooner or later. We’re blamed. There’s nothing wrong with us but that stigma, that we have in our blood—that we have something wrong with us—that we’re on the road.’
‘Aren’t you happy on the road, my love?’
He snorts, taking my hand and rubbing at my palm with his fingers.
‘You’re still a child. What Rosencrantz said about us is true. We’re innocent because we’ve chosen to be innocent. We don’t like to look at anything. As far as we’re concerned there’s just you and me. Nothing else matters.’
‘Yes, and we’re perfect.’
‘Not perfect enough.’
‘Haven’t I been perfect for you?’
‘Look, Winnie.’
He pulls himself out of view. First out to the dark room, then back into the dingy marquee, then out again.
The stage creaks under me. The rusty springs protest. The carpet snags my bare feet. One black sole rubs at the stringy yellow patch behind the door, knotted with tufts of red. A bone wind rattles in the window, dislodging dust from the sill. Old house, old Cornish house, driven to its knees by the harsh Atlantic weather. I see our Grandmother in the cold ground, heaving, and our Mother in the cold ground, heaving, and ourselves in the cold ground, waiting.
A pipe shudders behind a wall. Spiders congregate in the darkness. The slow blade turns in my chest.
‘Did Adam and Eve consecrate their marriage with a knife?’
The blood bond. Two hands clasped in an attic, that stinging touch of flesh on flesh. If you held them there long enough, would they meld together?
‘Where are we going now, Winnie? What’s this meant to achieve?’
In the dark loft, walls draped with red and black flags, Christ splits the grain of a wooden Mary Magdalene to its yellow roots. The statue gapes under his hands, wide enough to jam a finger in.
We emerge in the pop of spotlights. The stage of a late night ghouls’ cabaret. The glimmer of ourselves reflected in television camera lenses. The compère’s build-up urging us on in words of transmuted electricity, the studio audience urging us on with hushed revulsion, the bleary half-drunk television audience urging us on with harsh laughter, bedsit loners urging us on with muffled impatience. Urging, urging, past the limits of screen permissiveness, when the floor crew break up the act.
The editors shriek us out of the airwaves. The compère, caught off-guard, stands impotent center stage in everlasting now before stumbling into his next act, a woman who tears newspaper into the trees of hedgerow and forest. Somebody finds a bucket and mop and wipes down the floor.
There are arguments in the greenroom.
‘You fucks! You unprofessional fucks! You can’t do that on live TV! That’s my career you’re crapping on!’
We find ourselves impaled on the sensibilities of the early morning tabloids. Somebody sends us snuff movies, shaky amateur videos of children and girls sloppy with blood, everything sloppy with blood, runny and black. Cowering in a corner of a bathroom shrieking and weeping. A hand with a knife. Scratchy mutilations, the split flesh screaming, the dead skin. Home movies. Hours of it, sick nights of it. The bodies merge to pixel breakdown leaving only the colors, the violation, the loss of blood. We watch them, can’t watch them, watch them.
Teenagers write us into their secret agonies, show us the therapeutic scar tissue, look, here, use us as a catalyst for their own compulsion to share the lure of the blade. One man has ampallang, apadravya, hafada and guiche. He sounds like a pantheon of Hindu deities. We watch him tear his girlfriend to shreds. One day we get a package of foreskins hard and translucent as resin. Meanwhile the press grinds us into the gutter as if we’re the cause of all this.
After two weeks of high morals and wild copy, Rosencrantz mails an offer. I’m nineteen and don’t show the scars. We’re smuggled out late one night, driven at speed across the border, earn our passage in the clubs and freak shows of these rough eastern settlements. In the valleys Danny’s The English Impaler and has the cloak to match. In the mountains I’m lain on a bed of nails to be trampled into the spikes by volunteers. I’m an Indian rope trick, without the rope. By the sea I’m screwed to the entrails like a sea-worn figurehead riddled with ocean worms.
‘Look, Winnie.’
I look. We sit in the corner separate from the others, the blue smoke in our mouths. Danny unzips his jeans and pulls out the bruised bird of his penis. The others sit immobile, transfixed by the granite of the room that fastens Danny to the floor as the urine stains his trousers and my skirt. They watch the puddle in silence. Then the knife and they watch.
Oh Christ if only I could move, if only I could stop these immolations. My muscles are shot to hell.
They watch in transfixed silence. Trotters of flesh litter the wet tiles. Danny carves me to pieces before their eyes and they watch, too dazed to fight off the influx of sensations. The horror itches behind their eyes. One looks glazed, glances away. A hand reaches for a forehead, drops again.
Danny leans toward me lazily, the blade shining. The drumming of distant music comes up through the floorboards. A tap drips. It’s an hour, two hours with the knife in me. I sprawl and somebody grunts up puke. We sit in the granite bathroom letting blood on the tiles.
Footsteps. The door opens, shuts. Somebody’s retching out the morning like a disease. I wake to the chill of the knife in my breast.
‘Hello, my love.’
Old house in the flap of the wind coming in from a limitless horizon with its salt, with its needles of seeds, with its gray clouds, whittling out the bare boles of these children, of these innocents crouched under the decrepit barn with their fingers in their laps. I turn to look at the slumped dead body of Fleck, his arms and legs flung across the stage like a warped white shop mannequin left stripped of clothes after a burglary.
‘We’re leaving,’ I tell Danny. It’s hard to recognize the tone in my voice. ‘Anyway, we’re leaving.’
Look, look. The circus of my body opens up. Its rings and stalls open up to the hoot of the calliope. If you listen hard, now, you’ll hear, feel more than hear, you’ll feel the grate of knife against bone, the white peelings of bone in your elbow or in your knee or in your shin. Listen.
There’s movement, now, everywhere, startling in its suddenness. Danny throws down the bag of provisions. Market produce spills out. A plastic container of turmeric bursts open. The cloud of grit drifts away over the sawdust. A dog barks at a hanging rope. Danny launches himself through the canopy, ripping apart the fabric as Domino did, jerking his head up at the sky and roaring in the face of the sun.
‘Danny, Danny,’ I cry at him. ‘Calm down. Come here. Take it out on me. You know you’ve got too much anger to cope with. You know how dangerous it is. Let it out. Come and take it out on me.’
Come with your knives, my love, and puncture me with your hatred.
‘Come here, Danny. Appease yourself on me.’
I stretch out beside Fleck.
‘I’m here, darling. Take it out on me.’
Danny sobs as he thumps in the blade.
‘I’m helpless.’
‘Not helpless.’
‘Worthless, then.’
‘How can you be worthless when you give me so much pleasure?’
‘But trapped.’ The blade thumps in. ‘Trapped, trapped, trapped.’
‘What else could you do, my love? Who else would love you like I do?’
Who else would take the knives of your love without flinching, without screwing up her eyes, without dropping the smile from her lips?
‘That bloody smile. I want to cut it off.’
‘Cut it off, my love. I will only smile more broadly.’
The blade thumps. The blade thumps in. Slower, slower, the pounding strokes. Danny weeps over the stump of his anger. I pull myself up on my arms and run my hands through his hair.
‘My knee still hurts,’ I say, and my voice is so calm, so loving, that Danny clutches harder and bawls like a baby. ‘Do you think I should get Hemlock to look at it?’


###

