


THE NUMBER 237

Dawn Brazil












Copyright © 2014 by Dawn Brazil
Published by Dawn Brazil at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition License Notes
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.









Contents
Mine
The Confrontation
I Couldn’t Help but Notice Your Pain
Extinguish the Light
I’ll See You in Another Life
Understanding
The Gift
Breaking Up is Hard to Do
The Number 237
About the Author




Mine by Dawn Brazil
“Um…hey…Rachel.” I sit perched beneath a massive oak and wait for my sister, Melissa. I glance up to spy Sharon Potts standing in front of me, blocking my view of the red brick one-story high school. I lower my head and take a deep breath.
I tilt my head to stare back up at her. Her throat goes up then down as she swallows hard. “Hi, Sharon,” I say. My stomach does a flip. Go away. I don’t feel like talking. I cup my hands over my brow to shield my eyes from the glaring sun and Sharon’s searching espresso glare. My gaze falls around her to ensure Melissa hadn’t come out of the building with the small cluster of students trickling down the front steps. 
“Um, Rachel, I’m really sorry to hear about your mom. She was great.” She pauses. The side of her mouth turns up into a nervous half smile. I want to smack her. “You know…um…you can always come and talk to me…if you need someone to talk to…I mean. How are you holding up?” Her eyes fall sideways, as if she really does not want to hear the answer. 
I’m not confident I’ll see Melissa exit despite my attempt to peer around Sharon. So I stand. I swipe the back of my jeans to remove the dirt and debris. And I reach behind and pull the band on my long ponytail to loosen it. My head aches something terrible. I inhale a deep breath and exhale it slowly. Sharon is two inches shorter than me and I don’t notice her standing there still. She’s looking at me with wide eyes and a raised brow. Is she waiting for a reply to her question? I groan internally. Not again. 
I’m sick of people asking if I’m okay. Do they want me to tell them everything is okay? Or, that I cry every day. That I can’t sleep at night and that I secretly pretend to talk with her? Will that bit of info make them feel better? Or do they want to hear the lie I’ve perfected. 
Instead of my long tyrant, I opt for the short version. “I’m not, doing fine.” I stare her squarely in the eyes, wondering what magic words she could say to console me. I still my breath in anticipation. 
She looks down, shuffles her feet then bites down on the corner of her lip. Obviously taken aback by my statement. She opens her mouth then closes it quickly. Her shoulders slump forward and she walks away with her head lowered. If she didn’t want the truth, why did she ask? 
I do not need her or anyone else’s pity. All I need is my sister. And she is in school, well after the final bell. No doubt, she’s with that idiot boyfriend of hers. He takes up so much of her time that I barely have any.  
I squint away from the sunlight. Its glare obstructs my view of the entry to the school. I pivot from one foot to the other and continually glance downward at my watch to determine the time. Under the present circumstances, patience isn’t a virtue I even want to possess.
Melissa and Jackson emerge from the school. Other students yell and jostle around them. They seem not to notice. Bile rises up the back of my throat and I swallow it hard. 
They walk hand in hand. 
Melissa’s thick mound of dark brown hair is tied neatly into a pony tail. She swings it from left to right as she walks with a bounce. Jackson looks as dingy as ever. His dark messy hair is in desperate need of a cut. His clothes are too big and swallow his bony frame. My mouth curls into a frown. 
I hate him. 
Melissa spots me through the students that gather around them. She waves an excited hello in my direction. Jackson nods hello also, but keeps his arm tight around her waist.
I bit the inside of my lip, until I taste a trickle of coppery blood on my tongue. An apt amount of pain for the present situation. I don’t need to hurtle myself into oncoming traffic. Not yet at least. 
“Hey, Sissy,” Melissa says. She looks happy. Her dark chocolate eyes jump with delight as she clutches Jackson’s arm, as if he might float away if she releases him. My inner child is having a tantrum. Falling on the ground, kicking, screaming, and pounding my fist on the cold unyielding earth. “You didn’t have to come and pick me up. I was gonna catch a ride with Jackson.”
I throw a distrustful glance in Jackson’s direction. Doesn’t he understand that I need her right now? Or how much she needs me? I wish I could push him in front of one of the buses coming up the road without anyone seeing. I stifle a giggle at the thought of him flaying in front of the bus. 
“Since I’m here now we might as well go together,” I say. I peek sideways at Jackson to see if he’ll protest. He isn’t invited. I hope he understands. Actually, I don’t care if he does or not. 
His mouth twists into a smirk. But, he doesn’t fully commit to it. Only one side of his face appears to smile. The other side sags, in what I conceive is disapproval. I hate him and he knows it. 
“I called Dad from Jackson’s cell. He says it’s cool for him to come for dinner,” she says, with a huge grin. “We’re going to the mall first and we’ll be home right after. I’ll see you later.” She whirls around and Jackson turns with her but not before our eyes meet. His mouth is drawn into a straight line and his eyes are narrowed. What’s his deal? Weirdo.
I have a budding suspicion about him and his intentions with my sister.  But I couldn’t put my finger on it. I know I have to get my sister away from him. I need her far more than he does. I’m losing my mind, and only she can bring me back from the brink of insanity.
“Oh…um, well, okay. I guess I can tag along with you guys to the mall.” Why hadn’t I driven my car? I’m forced to ride with them now because my death was the only way I’d allow him to be alone with her. 
“Sure thing sister-in-law, come along,” Jackson said. He smiles and I feel I might deposit my lunch on the ground in front of me. Why she can’t she see what a creeper he is, is beyond my comprehension. I bite my tongue against the harsh words I want to say to her about her naivety regarding her loser boyfriend. 
We pile into his beaten up Camaro. I sit in the back and watch with disdain as he runs his boney fingers along the side of my sister’s delicate face. 
I plunge a sharp nail into the delicate skin above my left wrist. Pleasure and pain commingle. “Ah,” I slip up and say. I look sharply in Melissa’s direction hoping she hadn’t heard. 
“You okay, sister-in-law,” Jackson asks, a hint of amusement in his tone. 
“I’m fine.” I snap. 
As soon as he places his jalopy in park, I pry my way out the back seat. I can only subject myself to them in minimal doses. The two of them together, touching and smooching constantly, is painful. 
“Hey Sissy, I want to run into Formal Imaginations and try on this dress I saw for the prom. There’s a Guitar Universe right next door, maybe you and Jackson can pop in while I try on the dress. I think you’ll find their selection to die for,” she says. She bites the side of her lip and twists her hands together. 
I know what that lip biting means. She wants me to play nice with her boy toy. I take a deep breath, nod my head in agreement, and then turn to make the dreaded walk to Guitar Universe. Melissa is already in the store talking to a floor attendant. 
“Hey. Wait up sister-” I spin around and fix him with a cold glare. 
“Stop with the sister-in-law bit. She’s not here and you don’t impress me. I don’t like you. And I’m sure you’re not that dense that you hadn’t noticed.”
“Actually, I had noticed but I was hoping to change your mind about me. You know before it’s too late.” 
What the heck did he mean too late? Fear envelopes me when I gaze into his midnight blue eyes. I turn away from him quickly. I continue on into the store, without a glance back in his direction.
I spot what Melissa obviously wants me to see. A Gibson Hummingbird Pro Acoustic guitar is positioned in the display window. My steps falter as I approach the display shelf. I run my hands over the smooth surface and exhale slowly. Mom had owned a guitar exactly like the one in front of me.
Mom and I had been close. We often played our instruments, her, the guitar, me, the bass, well into the night. I miss our jamming sessions immensely. For months after her death, I lay awake in bed, terrified by the sound of her guitar. 
I would have to fight harder for Melissa. 
I force a monster lump back down my throat. I can’t cry in front of him. He is the enemy and I need to remain mindful of that fact or I might lose my sister forever. I already lost mom and losing her isn’t an option. But I know I’m tethering a tenuous line. 
I spin around, anger propelling me. He is still there lurking. “Why don’t you let her go?” I shout, drawing the attention of a couple of kids walking by. They stop and stare. “What?” I throw my hands into the air. They walk away laughing and whispering. I shake my head and turn my most evil glare back on to Jackson.
“I can’t. I won’t.” 
I blink, once, twice. Cobwebs form around my memory. What were we saying? Melissa, that’s right. “I love her. I need her. Why can’t you see that? I’m begging you, please.” It has come down to this. I’m begging him. “You don’t have a right to her. She’s my sister.”
“I’m stronger than you. I can rip her from your arms but I’m not trying to do that. You do realize that don’t you,” Jackson says, through pursed lips. “But, I won’t let her go.” 
“Neither will I.” A glare that could slice through metal is wedged at him. I’m surprised he hasn’t collapsed to his knees in pain, with all the malice and loathing I exhibit. Hating him is exhausting but I have no other choice.
“You’ll lose. Why even try?” He pushes his hand through his close cropped hair. And his body slumps forward slightly as he stands close by. A bead of sweat is visible over his left brow. His nervous demeanor means my words must be reaching him. With a giant pitch fork, I hold back my burgeoning optimism. 
“Why do you keep coming to the school? It embarrasses Melissa. Why are you tormenting her?” His words slice through my optimism. 
“I’m not tormenting her, you are. I have every right to her. How dare you insinuate she doesn’t want me there? My sister and I are close. She doesn’t need you to speak for her.” We stand side by side and glare at each other like we can cause the other to drop dead with a thought.
If only.
“Ready.” Melissa’s cheerful voice announces, behind us. I didn’t hear her approach, too consumed with my battle against her loser boyfriend. “What’s the problem?” She glances from me to Jackson then back to me. Her hands slip to her hips and she lifts her brow. 
“Nothing,” Jackson says. He grabs her by the waist and pulls her into his arms. She leans in on tiptoes and they kiss long and hard. Then they make their way to the exit. I gawk after them. My intestines feel like their tied in knots. 
 I’m in for the fight of my life. 
When we reach the exit, rain falls in long rippling sheets. An indescribable feeling washes over me at the sight of the torrential downpour. My heart constricts in my chest and my feet halt their forward motion. 
“Um, I just remembered, I…uh need to pick up a book from The Book Stand. Uh, Ms. Turner, my English Lit teacher, assigned the book as extra credit reading.” Jackson narrows his eyes and peers at me. Then he pivots to glare at Melissa. No doubt to ascertain her reaction at my reluctance to follow them out into the rain. 
“Tell your sister we’ll wait in the car for her,” He says. His voice echoes over to where I stand in a stupid trance…glaring at the rain. “I want some alone time with you. I wanna kiss you without her mean mugging me.” 
Of course she wants to go out in the car with her boyfriend and make-out. I have to think of something to combat his request. I pause and stare at them. Then my glare falls past them to the rain.
My heart hammers away at my chest.
My feet are glued to their current spot. 
And the rain comes down like someone has a bucket dumping it over the side of the building. 
Maybe I’m the problem…overreacting. What has Jackson done to make me hate him so much anyway? 
I strain to recall when this began. Jackson and Melissa keep their eyes trained on me. Maybe Jackson isn’t the enemy I believe him to be. What if I conjured up this foe enemy, to maintain a relationship with my sister after the death of our mother? We hadn’t been that close but her death had bonded us.
As I watch the rain, I hear a sloshing sound not coming from outside. When I glance down, a puddle of murky water, tinged with green specks, appear beneath my feet. Startled, my head snaps around, unsure how the water happened to rest underneath me. I look at Melissa for an answer and she and Jackson both stare malicious eyes and frowning mouths at the water, then back at me. No one speaks or moves. 
I blink, once, twice…what was I thinking about. Oh, yes, Jackson. This doubt about my feelings had all but claimed my motivation for hating him. I stare at them. They stare back. And the water, under my all black converse, has now risen to rest past the soles. 
A tall, lanky kid, dressed in all black from head to toe, raccoon make-up around the eyes, and so many tattoos, I stop counting after seven, walks up to Jackson. I didn’t see where he came from. One minute he isn’t there then the next he is. I watch him carefully and feel the disapproval lines etched into my face. He has a nose piercing, two eye piercings, and a chain that hangs from his nose to his lip. And the left side of his face is covered in a green, red, and black tattoo. 
“Hey dude, you missed out yesterday,” he says. He smiles exposing a mouth full of muddy brown, crooked teeth. I cringe as he talks. “It was so sick. Maybe next time.” I watch him but my eyes snake past him and I catch a glimpse of the exit. 
My heart thrashes at my chest. 
The rain keeps falling. 
I blink back to the tall kid. As he speaks, a large black fly spirals from his crusted lips and lands on the left shoulder of his green bomber jacket. My stomach turns and my lunch feels like it’s on its way up for real this time.  
But I can’t force my eyes away. The fly takes flight. It circles Melissa and me, and then lands on Jackson’s right shoulder. 
“Yeah, maybe next time.” Jackson says. The fly is still resting on his shoulder. And he doesn’t so much as blink at it. The weird kid and Jackson exchange a choreographed handshake. 
“I’ll see you around bro,” the weird kid, who smelled like a mixture of peppermints and lemon drops, says. A pleasant smell from a tatted up circus freak. Then he marches off. But not before gracing us with his smile as he passes out into the rainy day. 
Jackson twists his right foot, just barely, and his eyes dart from Melissa to me. I allow a tiny smile to penetrate my totally-creeped-out face. This new development strengthens my belief that he’s trouble. 
A shiver cuts through me at the thought of what he and the weird kid were supposed to get into. “Sissy, can you please come with me. You know how hard it is for me with bookstores. Plus, you won’t believe what book she wants us to read.” I pucker my lips and open my eyes wide into a full pout.  
“What book?” She untangles her arms from Jackson’s to stand beside me. She wraps her arm around my tiny waist and we stroll in the direction of the book store. 
Her touch is comforting. It is the only thing that gets me through the day. She reminds me of our mom so much that sometimes I just sit and stare at her. 
“Anna Karenina,” I say, in the most devastating voice I can muster. I know the mention of this will nearly bring her to tears. But, I have to use all the resources in my disposal to combat Jackson. He’s not going to win this time. 
“Oh no! I’m sorry,” she says. 	Her arm tightens around my waist. I squeeze in just a little more at her side. “I think we can look at this from another perspective. Mom would be thrilled you’re finally reading it. And, when you finish, we can talk about why it had such an impact on her.”
“I thought of that… it’ll still be hard to read.”
“We’ll get through, together Sissy.”
I continue to walk toward the bookstore. I have, in fact, read Anna Karenina five times since mom’s death. I never shared this information with Melissa. I was ecstatic that I could use this excuse now. But I keep my face neutral and continue my somber walk to the bookstore.
I twist to glance at Jackson who is still standing at the entrance with his thumbs in his pockets. He looks as if he might turn and walk out the door. 
I pray he does. 
I spin my head back around and march off with my sister by my side. Where she should be.
“Oh babe, look at this,” Jackson says. I roll my eyes and turn with Melissa to face him. “That’s the diamond ring I’m gonna buy you when we get engaged.” Melissa and I saunter over to where he peers through the window of Mcleary’s Jewelry store.
“That’s so sweet,” Melissa exclaims. She breaks contact with me and strides to his side, pressing her body into his. After they both ogle over it together, Jackson throws his arms around her and kisses her on the lips as if I’m not standing watching. 
“Come on guys, I gotta get to the store,” I say. Perhaps, my scheme to get her away from his clutches was all wrong. Maybe I should just tell her that her boyfriend is no good and be done with it. Everything else I’m tried just isn’t working.  
I sigh and my heart aches for my dimwitted sister. As we walk into the bookstore, I glance back at the exit. 
The rain is still pounding down on us.
My heart tightens in my chest.
I have every intention of prolonging my time in the bookstore. I have no desire to get wet today. I peer once more at the drenching downpour. I shake with fear. Then I grit my teeth to stop the ambush of fear slicing through me.
“Hey, Melissa, I’m going to peruse the aisles for a while first. I mean, if that’s okay with you? You’re not in a hurry, are you?” I square my jaw in preparation for her answer. 
In the seconds of silence that it takes for her to answer all I hear is the rain. The endless drumming of the rain on the roof. The scatter of the water as it plops to the ground. The splash as someone careens their foot into it. The rain is everywhere. I blink and look back at Melissa.
“Oh, no, that’s fine. Take your time,” Melissa answers. 
I release my stilled breath. A colorful display of books announces the new releases in front of me. I snatch up the first book my eyes are drawn to and pretend to read the cover. Melissa, as I knew she would, scampers off in search of her beloved romances. 
“We can’t stay in here forever,” Jackson says. He stands so close his breath cuts at the back of my neck. His awkward proximity causes the hair to spike. I assumed he’d scuttle off after Melissa. Why didn’t he follow her? What was his new angle? I can’t figure him out. Did he believe he could persuade me to his side? That was laughable. 
“Why are you talking to me?” I ask, through barely parted lips. 
“I’m not your enemy Rachel. I’m not trying to hurt you but you’re fighting a losing battle. I only want Melissa, and then I’ll leave.” 
“NO!” I shout. I stumble away from him and knock over the new book section display. I trip and land on my bottom but with lightning speed I gather myself to a standing position. 
I run my hands through my hair as the thrashing of the rain outside pumps more distress into my clenched heart. 
I gaze around the store with narrowed eyes to see if anyone noticed my fumbling or our heated discussion. No one appears concerned with what we are discussing or with the rack I clumsily toppled. 
“You can’t have her. You’re not healthy, Rachel. You need serious help. And she does not belong to you. You’re just going to have to deal with that,” he says. His voice is a whisper. It’s calm and his words seem to be meticulously chosen.  
Then butterflies are in my head swarming. Buzzing away. I thrust my hands to my head and claw at my scalp. Trying to quiet their noise.
I fall to my knees. Then my world goes dark. I feel the flutter of my lashes against my face as I blink so I know my eyes are open. Yet darkness has swallowed me whole.  And then the first droplet falls. It rolls down my face and slides down my chin. 
Water. 
Water is everywhere, gushing all around me. My feet no longer touch the earth. They are suspended in the water. I’m going to drown in it. Then I thrash at it. Trying to keep it at bay and hold onto anything I can grasp. 
But there is nothing…only the water. I shut my eyes as the water stings them. Flames lick my throat and strangle my screams for help. 
I attempt to open my anguished eyes. Tears, like fire, burn them shut. It feels as if someone doused them with bleach. I succumb to the water. Allow it to overwhelm me. My body goes under completely and I’m submerged in it on all sides. 
But I don’t die. I don’t drown. I float aimlessly in the water. But my eyes remain closed, afraid of what I will see next. 
After a long minute, I open them. My eyes flutter closed, once, twice, three times then open fully to take in my surroundings. I am shackled from the hips down. My head rests against something spongy but I cannot see what as my constraints are not allowing it. I fumble to a semi-sitting position. Then I realize that I’m in a tub of lukewarm water. 
My eyes are startled upward at the sound of someone clearing their throat. Two men stand over me, peering down with furrowed brows and straight lined mouths. Like they are attempting a difficult mathematical equation.
“Melissa, can you hear me?” one of the men asks. I gape at him. Both men continue to stare down at me. They want me to speak. I’m afraid to open my mouth for fear that my throat is still sore from the water.
“I’m fine. I think,” I finally croak out. “But I can’t move my legs. Why am I here?” I shake my head to clear the residual buzzing.
“Do you remember me? Dr. Potts? And my associate, Dr. Sharon?”  Both men stare down at me with hopeful expressions. They are both dressed in identical khaki pants but Dr. Potts has on a white collar shirt and Dr. Sharon has on a black button up shirt. They are each clean shaven and don’t look like ax murders. So, I unclench my stomach and stop biting down on the back of my teeth.
I look into their eyes to see if I can recall them. Nope. 
“No. I don’t know who you are. Can you get me out of this contraption?” I motion to the metal bars that run the length of the tub and force my legs down.
“Melissa, before I can do that, I need to ask you some questions. Can I do that, please?” Dr. Potts asks.
I roll my eyes and slam my body back against the spongy head rest. “I guess…if it gets me free of this torture tub.” 
“Do you know who Rachel is?
“Rachel,” I say. I can feel the frown that penetrates my face. I try and force it back but it’s not working. “Why?” There are a thousand profanity replies that I want to give him but I bite down on my tongue instead.
“You want to get out right, Melissa?” I nod. “Then answer the question,” Dr. Potts says. I roll my eyes and stare at the greenish blue water I’m submerged in.
 “That’s my mother’s name.” I say looking up at him again. “Why? What does she have to do with this?” I motion with my head to the small space we’re in and the torture tub. What did they want with me? And why are they questioning me about her?
“Do you know what happened to your mother, Melissa?” Dr. Potts asks. He squats down beside the tub. He tilts his head to the side and regards me at a closer angle. Like being nearer to me might make me talk.
I hate talking. Period. So for him to want me to talk about this was like someone slamming me in the gut with a two-by-four. But, he said he’d let me go if I answered. I sigh, not bothering to hide my disdain. “She was killed by her boyfriend, Jackson Tibidou.”
“That’s right, Melissa,” he says. “Can you tell me the events that took place that day, Melissa?” His thick brows furrow and he leans in closer, anxious to hear my response. 
I pull my eyes away from his to stare straight at the beige wall in front of me. “You promised you’d let me go if I answered a question for you. I answered, now let me go.”
“Melissa, I really, want to, I do. But, I can’t. Not until I feel you are…okay.”
“What does that mean? Okay? I’m fine, besides you two idiots constraining me to this idiotic torture tub and asking me stupid questions. And stop freaking saying my name like that. It’s creepy.”
“I apologize. We are only trying to help. Can you answer a few more questions? Please, try, then we’ll let you go.”
I peer at him not certain if he is only saying what I want to hear or if he means it. But what choice do I have? 
“Help! Help me,” I shout at the top of my lungs. I flay my arms and legs as much as the metal bars will allow. But after an exhausted couple minutes, I stop. 
I peer around them to see into the room. We are in an office. A large mahogany desk with a lap top and an enormous window overlooking a garden courtyard is what I find. I smell a vanilla scent in the air. Maybe there are ladies close by. Maybe someone heard me. 
“Melissa, please.” Dr. Potts says breaking up my inspection of the place. “We are trying to help. Please answer the question. We are not trying to hurt you.” 
“Where am I?” 
“I can’t tell you that just yet? Please answer the question.” 
I sit back in the tub, defeated. 
I begin with sourness rising in my belly. “It was me, Mom and her new boyfriend, Jackson. I didn’t like that they were getting so close. Mom and I had bonded more after dad’s death and now he was trying to ruin it all. I invited myself along with them on a cruise in Jackson’s sailboat, named, Lemon Drop, with a lie that I loved to sail. I didn’t.” 
“My hatred for him drove me away from his glares of frustration. He kept trying to be my friend. I didn’t need any friends. I only wanted my mother. I went below deck. Then I heard a loud thump above. I ran to see what had happened. I only saw the blood - lots of it. Then everything went black.”
I didn’t want to continue. Truthfully, I’m not sure anyone will understand. I was in grief for my mom. So the days got jumbled up together. I can remember some days clearly, others, I can’t recall at all.
I peer up at my captors. Dr. Sharon scribbles on a pad and watches me closely. I splash my hands down into the murky water as hard as I can to try and wet the pad he writes on. 
He doesn’t even blink. My hands fall back limp into the water. He scribbles even faster. 
“Please continue,” Dr. Potts instructs me. 
I narrow my eyes at him and pucker my lower lip.
Scribbles continues to write and Dr. Potts’ brows rise expectantly. “I don’t really remember much of my rescue. Jackson hit me in the head with something. Something hard, I don’t know what. At least that was what I was told. When I woke up, I was weak, I could barely move. He punctured a hole in the ship’s hull and abandoned it and me.”
I take a deep breath and continue, “I heard a soft murmuring. It was an engine…a boat engine. The engine died and a man’s voice yelled out something like, ‘we found someone here.’ Then I think I blacked out again.”
Dr. Scribble-a-lot stops writing and looks down at me then over at Dr. Potts with a slight smirk. Dr. Potts stands and wipes imaginary dust from the front of his pleated trousers.
“Good job,” he says. “Can I ask you two final questions, please?”
I grit my teeth but nod my agreement. What was the point in him asking? It isn’t like I have a choice in the matter. 
“How long has it been since your mother’s death?”
“I don’t know…six months maybe. Why?” Like a volcano ready to erupt, I feel the anger burgeoning to the surface. I push it back for now and take a deep breath. 
Of course, he doesn’t answer my question. Instead he asks another of his own. “Do you have a sister by any chance?”
“No,” I shout. My entire body shakes with the intensity of this one word. “I’ve been really patient and answered all your questions. But you had better let me out of this freakin’ tub now.”
“Okay, Doctor,” he says. With the flip of his wrist, he motions to Scribble-a-lot who disappears into the office. Suddenly, the metal rings that held me captive retract into the walls of the tub. And then the water begins to drain a gulp at a time. 
Now that I’m free, I’m not sure what move to make next. I stand too swiftly, then slip and almost fall back into the tub. Dr. Potts catches me right before my head hits the porcelain outer rim. He clutches me by the arm and assistances me to the floor below. 
Scribble-a-lot throws a large green towel at me to dry off with. I run the towel loosely through my hair, then across my clothes. I peer down at what I’m wearing. My face scrunches in confusion at what I have on.
“Did you put this on me?” I ask. Dr. Potts is now across the room, writing on the pad Scribbles handed him.
I’m wearing black converse, green fatigue pants and a brownish, greenish color tee…something I would never be caught dead, or alive in.
“Sit down, Melissa. I need to explain what happened here today,” Dr. Potts says, ignoring my question. At this point, I’m not sure what type of doctor he is but he certainly knows how to avoid answering my questions. I don’t know if I should be annoyed with him or at myself for answering his questions when he answers none of mine.
He crosses the room and extends his arm to a green chaise longue. I sit obediently. It’s an uncomfortable feeling with the water swishing beneath me from my still wet clothing. But I don’t have long to dwell on it.
Scribbles gives Dr. Potts a dubious expression, and then exits the door closes to the large bay window.
I watch the exit for an immeasurable amount of time, unsure if I want to hear what he has to say. Something in Scribbles expression frightened me. What was really going on here?
“I’m a psychoanalyst,” Dr. Potts says. “I was referred to your case some time ago, by your previous doctor, Dr. Glass. Do you remember Dr. Glass?”
“Yes, I do. But, I wouldn’t call him my doctor. I only saw him twice.”
He makes a sound with the back of his throat then scrawls more on his pad. He looks back up and smiles a lopsided grin at me. “Dr. Glass referred you to me because I perform an experimental form of regression hypnotherapy.”
“So, that was why I was in the torture tub. That was some morbid form of therapy?” I ask. 
“Yes. And, from the conversation we are having now, it seems to have been successful.”
“There is absolutely nothing wrong with me. I lost my mom. Yes, it was gruesome. Yes. I hated Jackson. I still hate Jackson. These things don’t make me sick, they make me human. What on earth were you trying to cure me of?” My body is one giant contradiction. My muscles spasm and I sit super straight. But I want to do anything but sit. I want to run and break the glass, jump to my freedom. Escape this mad place and never look back. But I sit statue still. And listen.
He sighs loud. Then he drops the pad and the pen to his lap. “To cope with the loss of your mother and the subsequent events that transpired after her death, you created an alter ego.”
“An alter ego?”
“It is commonly referred to as dissociative identity disorder, or multiple personality disorder.”
I laugh. “You’re joking, right. Um, I’m not a basket case. I would remember, not remembering. I mean, I do have gaps but that was understandable it was a few weeks after my mom…but that was it.”
“Do you know what year it is Melissa?” 
I run my hands through my hair and huff loudly. “It’s 2006 and I’m not sick.” He writes a quick note down on the pad he cradles on his knee. “What the hell are you writing about me? I’m not sick.”
He lifts the pad into the air and in large drawn out fashion it read: 2010.
“What does that mean?” I ask. My heart beats like crazy at my chest and I hold my breath. Afraid to hear his response. 
“That,” He points to the numbers on the pad, “is the year.”
“That’s impossible,” I shout. I stand and sweep my eyes across the room in search of something to validate my date and not his. 
His lap top is open across the room. I run to it, colliding hard as I plow into the desk. I glance in the lower right hand corner for the date and time. It read: October 15, 2010.
I stumble away from the desk, fall with a thud to the carpeted floor below and sit motionless. There is a persistent ache in the back of my head. Gnawing at the thin fabric of my mind. How could I have lost five years of my life? “Gone forever,” I say softly. My hands are cupped over my mouth to stop the curdling scream suspended on my tongue.
Dr. Potts stands over me, a look of warmth in his eyes. He rubs my shoulder gently. Then he extends a hand for me to pick myself up from the floor. My head is spinning, like when you first get off a roller coaster. I fumble for his hand and he escorts me back to the chaise.
“I do understand that this is difficult.”
“How, I…don’t understand. What have I been doing for five years?”
“Living, my dear. You referred to yourself as Rachel. You had a sister named Melissa, who was dating a fellow by the name of Jackson. A father who was not emotionally connected to you; and, you even had a deceased mother.”
“This is so crazy. I don’t get it. Why didn’t someone say something, try to help. How could this other…person, just take over my life like that? My mother’s death was hard on me but I’m a tough girl. I coped when my father died. Why was this so different?”
“Melissa, your mother’s death isn’t what brought on the other personality,” Dr. Potts says, with a loud sigh.
I sit forward on the longue. “It wasn’t. What caused it then?”
“From what we could piece together, you were having marginal dissociative episodes immediately after your mother’s death. Nothing would have alerted anyone because they weren’t frequent enough. However, that all changed approximately six months after her death.”
He pauses for a second. Then he flips the pad he’s been writing in over, reads something then continues. “You found Jackson, followed him home and began torturing him. You were disguised as Rachel at the time. For some unknown reason, your waking-self emerged and you were horrified by what you saw. Rachel had to resurface to finish him off. She never allowed you to resurface again, until, tonight.”
“That is the sickest story I’ve ever heard,” I say. I’m horrified by what he says I did. But because I don’t remember these actions, and because Jackson took everything from me, I don’t really feel remorse. “How do you know I killed Jackson?”
“You left a note. You hid it, so Rachel couldn’t find it.”
My brows scrunch together. “I don’t remember writing a note or seeing Jackson killed.”
“It’s normal for the mind to suppress certain memories. We’ll work together to restore your mind. It will take some time but we can do it, together.” He smiles his lopsided grin again. It’s not creepy or twisted so I try for a smile back. But what I feel on my face doesn’t seem right. It’s more an ‘I’m trying to hold back’ grimace.
“Can I leave? I need time to process this.” I rub the side of my face. “Can I even function properly by myself?”
“You’re not alone. You’re in a facility for mentally impaired criminals. I do not believe you will be able, just yet, to function on the outside. Your other personality has a very vivid imagination. Even while locked up in here, she still believes she is functioning in the normal world. Just this morning she told me she’d gone to her old high school to pick-up her sister, and then they’d gone to the mall.” He shakes his head, no doubt, at how preposterous that sounds. “You should get some chow and then you can go back to your room. I will see you again tomorrow.”
I pull myself to a standing position and my feet carry me across the room. He walks with me to the exit that Scribbles left from what seemed like hours ago. “Melissa,” he says, as he holds the office door open for me, “everything will be better now that you are back. I’m sure that in no time we can get you out of here and living a productive life again.”
I smile, wanting his words to be true. “I hope so.” I tread with careful steps across the threshold of his office. I glance at a thick metal door in front of me with dread clawing at my abdomen.
An enormous guard dressed in a blue uniform and a freshly shaved head, leads me down a brightly lit corridor. He doesn’t speak and neither do I. The only sound is our feet as they slap the ugly white and gray linoleum floor.
We reach another set of metal doors. He grabs a massive key ring from the belt of his too tight pants and opens the locked door in front of us. Then another and another. Jail-house style bars line the next set of doors we must pass through. He unlocks this set of doors without glancing my way once. Finally, we reach a set of double doors that are all glass. The world beyond this point converges on me. There are grunts, not real vocalized conversations, just bursts of sporadic murmurings. We enter a large hall, where many people, other inmates I assume, eat their meals, in near silence.
The guard presses a hand to my back and gives a slight shove. I glance up at him unsure. He nods twice, turns, and walks back through the double doors we came in through. There is a loud clicking noise once the door closes behind him.
There is a buffet style setup to the cafeteria. The servers all wear hair nets in various colors and seem to stare at me as I approach. I walk through the line, in a near catatonic state, not bothering to look at what they place on my tray for me to consume. I have to remind myself to move one foot in front of the other. I’m terrified...of being here…of being crazy…
Once my plate is sufficiently full, I glance around for a place to sit. A small framed woman with dark black hair motions for me to sit beside her at her table. I regard her closely as I approach the table. She continually grins and licks at something on her wrist. I cringe for a second. Stop moving, glance around the room for a different table. No one else looks at me. I start to sit at a table with a woman who stares at her plate like she wants to chunk it across the room and a man who has a huge grin plastered across his face.
I turn back to the girl licking her wrists and sit down across from her. My tray makes a brash sound, ringing off the walls as I place it on the table. I look down at what they gave me to eat. It looks like someone vomited on my plate. I push the plate away and take a deep breath.
“Hey, girl,” I say. “You want this slop.”
“Sure thing,” she says. As she smiles, she exposes a mouth full of yellow teeth and her eyes continually dart about.  I frown over at her and push the plate closer so that she doesn’t accidently touch me. “Thanks buddy. Hey, heard you went through that whole therapy water thingy. So, what should I call you now?” Her grin stretches from one side of her snagged tooth mouth to the other.
“Are you sick? Call me Rachel, you idiot.”
I glance away from her and toward the high school. I didn’t want to miss Melissa coming out of the building with her stupid boyfriend.




The Confrontation
Brian and Gary
The alarm clock shrieked loudly against the silence of the house. Brian knew he had to get up. He stretched his arms wide over his mop of disarrayed dark hair and pulled the covers back. But he stayed in bed. His body swore from the beating he’d inflicted upon himself at the gym. He reached down and touched the back of his calf. 
“Aww,” he winced, pulling his hand back quickly. Pain seared from his calf and stretched out like a claw digging into his flesh. He gritted his teeth and stumbled to his feet. School was more important than the pain. The pain would ebb away slowly…it always did. 
Gary reached across the desk with fumbling fingers to hit the snooze button on the clock. Loud chords of the guitar rift of some unknown band blared, crashing and bouncing off the walls. He stretched his fingers in search of the snooze button but only felt the coolness of the oak night stand. 
He pulled his arm further and his hand wrapped tightly around the clock. He pressed the button once but the music didn’t stop. He lifted his head from the pillow and peered at the clock with squinted, sleepy eyes. It flashed red: 6:30 am. He hit the button again. The noise barreled on. He picked up the clock and threw it across the room where it smashed against the wall and shattered into a thousand tiny pieces. The music stopped. “Shit. I’m up now.”
The First Incident
Brian placed his spiral notebook on his desk as other students filtered into the classroom. "Hey Thompson," shouted Fitz. Max Fitzpatrick, his best friend since second grade and the smartest guy he knew, took the seat beside him.
"Dude, you look like you're in pain." Max attempted to stifle his laugh but it didn't work. "Thompson, why do you push yourself so hard? You trainin’ for the Olympics or somethin’?" A couple of other students standing nearby laughed at Fitz's comment. Brian didn't know why he trained so hard. It was impulse...to ready myself...because he could? 
"What's up with the feed the hungry campaign this year? You ready to lose - again," Brian said. He knew that comment would stop him in his tracks. 
Brian looked up as a blanket of silence fell over the classroom. He craned his neck around a guy he didn't recognize with almost shoulder length red hair. Standing in the doorway of the class, with a scowl stretched over his face, was Gary Salter. 
Brian shook his head and turned his attention back to Fitz. Salter wasn't worth a second of his time. 
"Get the hell outta my seat." Brian and Fitz looked up as Salter stood beside the desk Fitz had seated himself in. Fitz’s mouth fell open and his eyes grew the size of golf balls. 
"I sit here all the time," Fitz remarked, with a sideways glance up at Gary. He shifted his eyes back to Brian. His adams apple bobbed up then down slowly. He was nervous. 
"Salter, what's your problem. It's not like we have assigned seats," Brian said. "Sit somewhere else. There's plenty of open seats." He waved his hand out in front of him and returned Gary's stony glare.
 Brian knew from past experiences you didn't let your guard down with Salter. Salter's gaze turned from Fitz to Brian. His large lips set in a straight line and his charcoal black eyes bore into Brian's menacingly, but he didn't say anything. 
He turned toward the seat to the left that was occupied by a tall lanky kid with freckles dotting his nose. "Get up. Now," Gary ordered him. No one recognized him and no one spoke up. The new guy scurried to collect his things as Gary stared down at him with a look that said he'd better hurry...or else. 
Everyone watched, quietly, holding their breaths, as the new guy picked up the last pen from his desk, shoved it in his J.Crew bag and zipped it up. Not quick enough. As the guy stood to move, Gary threw his left hand out and landed it across the guy’s right jaw.
He released a yelp of pain, grabbed his jaw, and fell to one knee. 
Brian pushed through the desks to stand between Salter and the new guy. "Leave him alone," he said. His fists were clenched “The first times a warning. I won't repeat myself." They stood face to face, Gary's nostrils flared and he repeatedly clenched then unclenched his fist. 
"I've been looking forward to beating you to a pulp Little Miss Sunshine," Salter said. His upper lip curled into a snarl and his eyes set a glare so intense everyone backed up a few feet. Except for Brian. He stepped closer and glared back. 
"Okay boys, simper down. Take your seats," Mrs. Triscall said, as she walked in class. Brian released a breath. This thing with Salter wasn't over - he knew it. He had to take back his school because it was too much. This had been on the surface all year - Brian knew he had to do something. Before Gary inflicted an injury someone couldn't recover from. 
"You got lucky, Miss Sunshine," Salter taunted. He flopped down into the seat the new guy exited and slammed his fist down on the desk with a loud thud. 
"Anytime, anyplace," Brian shot back. 
"Somebodies gotta do something with him, man. He's outta control." Fitz whispered from his seat beside Brian. His eyes were large and his mouth turned down at the corners. Brian glanced around at the somber looks most of the students exhibited. It wasn't just him and Fitz that thought Salter was out of control. Something had to be done. But what?
Incident Number Two
Brian lifted the weights, heaving and pushing past the pain. He wanted to build muscle, to drown out everyone else around him, and to forget about the incident earlier with Salter. But he couldn't. The frightened look of the new guy continually replayed in his head. 
A commotion at the opposite end of the room startled Brian from his reflections on the earlier incident. “Mr. Salter, you need to calm down,” Coach Graham said, in a placid voice.
Gary picked up a set of dumbbells and threw them across the room, smashing a wall of mirrors that stood in front of a row of weight benches. The glass shattered and shards of glass flew through the air. While everyone else ducked for cover, Brian watched, amazed, as jagged pieces of glass, caught by a stream of sunlight glittered and sparkled through the air like magical debris. It settled all around him. 
“Salter. What the hell’s your problem,” Coach shouted. Gary turned and glared at him. He cocked his head to the side as if he didn’t understand the question. Then a trace of a smile cut across his face but his eyes remained hard. Coach Graham pursed his lips and swallowed hard. “Um…okay, everyone the show’s over.” 
“What. Are you serious,” Brian shouted from across the room. “That’s it. You’re not going to do or say anything else to him.” He looked at Coach Graham for a minute, trying to understand. The coach shook his head once, then turned and walked toward his office. 
“Hey, don’t touch the glass.” Coach shouted to Fitz, who bent to pick up a large piece. “I’ll call maintenance and have them send someone to pick it up.” Then he turned and slammed the door to his office. 
Gary smiled. He knew he instilled fear in the hearts of everyone at the school. Everyone but Thompson. He’d have to do something about that. 
“Hey, Miss Sunshine. If Coach writes me up, I swear -” 
“You know he’s not going to write you up,” Brian said. His voice was a whisper and he had to push back the rage that was propelling him forward. He’d had enough of Salter. 
He crossed the room in long strides until he stood in front of Gary. “Listen you degenerate scum, I’m only going to say this once. Either you quit with the reign of terror or I’ll make you. And please believe me when I say, I’m more than happy to make you stop.” 
“Gosh, Sunshine. I’m shaking in my Armani boots.” His face broke into a smile, each corner of his mouth fully turned up as if he was truly amused. “I run this school. And not you or anyone else can tell me what to do. If you don’t like it- transfer or shut the hell up! Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to make you shut you up personally.” 
Brian clenched his fist repeatedly in an attempt to control his anger. If he hit him, he knew Salter would fight back but he didn’t want anyone else to get hurt in the process. “I better never see you outside of this place. I promise –it won’t be nice.”
“Another empty promise. Maybe we’ll have to do something about that,” Gary said. 
An Intervention
At that same moment, the Angel of Mercy and the Angel of Death conferred on the situation at the school. 
“If we do not intervene someone could be seriously injured, or killed,” said the Angel of Mercy. A look of distress clouding his face and his hands twisted into a knot on his lap. 
“So what. Let them kill each other,” said the Angel of Death. He shrugged his shoulders and shook his head in bewilderment. In his mind, murder was perfectly normal. He didn’t understand the other Angels concern for human life.
“We have to intervene. If we do nothing I fear the cost will be high…for both of us.” The Angel of Mercy tilted his head and stared at the other Angel before speaking. 
“Remind me why I should care if two humans want to kill one another,” said the Angel of Death. 
“Because depending on who kills whom, the balance of good or evil will be tilted and we both know what chaos it is to get the balance restored.” They both glanced upward. A shiver of fear tore through the Angel of Death. He didn’t relish death or destruction – it was his job. But he hated the humans. He recalled the last time the balance needed to be restored. 
He’d thought that the guy was some loon who made threats that would amount to nothing. When humans started dying at the hands of this maniac, who had an issue with anyone that didn’t look a certain way, he tried to intervene. But by that point, millions had been imprisoned, experimented on, and killed. In the end, he’d had to persuade the man to kill himself through hidden messages. But it had been difficult. And as his punishment, he’d been banished to earth for centuries.
“It’s not as if we can stop them…you know there is that whole free will thing. What do you suggest?” He gritted his teeth in anticipation for his answer. 
“We allow them to fight…as mortals, with a touch of our power – that way neither dies. But one has to break the others spirit so he concedes. We allow the one to retain his power and the other will forever be known as the loser. But no one dies.”
Final Confrontation
Back on earth, Brian exited the school, headed to his car in the student parking lot. A sharp object hits the back of his head. He crouched down to collect the thing that had hit him. It was a large rock. Someone had thrown a rock at him intentionally. He reached to feel the spot where the rock hit him. His hands felt a sticky substance on the back of his head. When he looked down at his hand, blood covered it. He gritted his teeth and anger surged through him. He turned and scanned the area. Ready to pummel the person responsible.
“Who’s out there? I can feel you watching me.” He paused, and then took a steading breathe. “Salter, I know it’s you. Don’t always be a coward, throwing things at my back. Face me like a man.”
“A coward,” Gary growled, emerging from behind a large evergreen. “I’ve been called many things, but never a coward.” He smiled, and raised his index finger to his lip, a thoughtful smirk spread across his face. “Yes, I do believe that was a first. And honestly, it’ll be the last.” 
With little warning, Gary charged forward with his fist raised to strike Brian in the face. But Brian had already regained his equilibrium from the shock of the blow from behind. He ran toward Gary, his right arm poised to strike also. 
They collided and fell to the ground, rolling from side to side. No clear person gaining on the other. Then Brian saw an opportunity when Gary put his hand down to push himself up. He rammed his head into Gary’s, sending him cascading back to the ground in a heap. As soon as he was down, Brian pounced and smashed his right fist into Gary’s face with all the strength he could muster. Then he slammed his left fist into him. He alternated between right and lefts. Each hit landing across Gary’s face and upper body. 
Gary shook with the force of each blow. Blood spurted from his mouth and fell across Brian’s knuckles in large dollops. 
“Is that all you’ve got Sunshine,” Gary said through a gurgle of blood. Taken off guard by Gary’s words, Brian paused – just a fraction – and Gary thrusts his knees up, sending Brian flying and landing on the graveled pavement beside him. 
Gary was on his feet and pounding Brian in the body and head before he could stand. Brian attempted a blow but Gary was too fast. His hits came at a blistering speed, as if his hands were a machine and moved faster than Brian could blink. 
Thinking fast, because he realized he was losing the fight, Brian knew he could count on one thing: Gary’s cockiness. 
Brian threw his hands into the air, “Stop!” He shouted. Gary smiled down at him as he continued to pummel him. Then, as if on cue, he stopped. He peered down at Brian with an insidious grin. He titled his head back and laughed. 
As soon as his head was back, Brian twisted and was on top of him. He grabbed Gary by the throat and wrapped his legs around his upper body. Surprised, Gary released a yelp and his mouth fell open, exposing the blood still oozing from the earlier wounds. Brian tightened his hold on Gary and pulled his neck until the veins popped. Gary thrashed and struggled beneath him but eventually his arms and legs ceased moving. 
“Give up, Salter,” Brian said, through barely parted lips.
“Never,” Gary strangled out. His voice a whisper as Brian bore down on his windpipe. Gary’s face was twisted in agony and his teeth dug into the soft skin of his lower lip. 
“Give up. You can’t win. What the hell’s you’re problem.” Brian shouted. He tightened his hold on Gary and pulled his legs out, putting pressure on Gary’s upper body with his legs that were still wrapped around him. 
“Okay. I give up,” Gary said, nearly inaudible. Brian released his hold on him then pushed himself back with his legs. Gary’s head fell to the pavement with a thud. “Shit.”
“You were trying to kill me…I had to protect myself,” Brian said not taking his eyes off Gary. 
Gary lay on his back with his eyes upward. Brian watched him from his huddled position a few feet away. “You have to stop the macho routine. Leave everyone alone or transfer…those are my conditions. Or we’ll be at this again,” Brian said. “And next time, I’ll finish this. And I won’t serve any time in jail because everyone’ll confirm what a bastard you are and how you bullied us. Now do I have a deal? Or are you ready to meet your maker?”
Gary sat up and peered at Brian with disdain. His mouth was covered in blood and one eye was swollen shut. “I agree,” Gary said. Then he fell back to the ground below.  
*************************************************
In June, as Brian accepted his diploma, his younger brother, Alex, screamed and cheered him on. As the ceremony wrapped and everyone began to make their way out of the giant tent. Brian’s mother stopped to take pictures of him with his classmates. 
“Brian how about a picture with the Salter brothers. I hear the older brother was accepted to Stanford like you and his younger brother will be starting here in the fall with Alex.” She held the camera lens away from her face and had her hand poised to call the other two boys over.
“No way, Mom,” Alex said through gritted teeth. “I can’t stand that dude.” 
Brian turned, confused by his statement. “Hey, little bro. I thought you and Jeremy were cool,” he said. 
“Naw, man. He changed. It was like over-night. One day he was cool, then the next he just went crazy. That’s why I’ve been beefing up. I know I’m going to have to deal with him soon.”
Brian stared at his younger brother without saying a word. He turned to get a good look at Jeremy Salter. He watched as he swung his arms back and forth making air punches. Jeremy tapped his older brother on the shoulder and pointed to a girl walking by. He then stuck his foot out and tripped the girl. 
Alex ran to help the girl from the ground. Jeremy turned and saw Brian staring at him. He smiled, and then he raised his hand in the air like he was going to wave hello. Instead he threw up his middle finger with a menacing grin. Then he turned and stalked away. Then Brian turned and peered at Gary. He had a look of pride in his eyes.  

 








I Couldn't Help but Notice Your Pain
Title: I Couldn’t Help but Notice Your Pain 
Characters:
Harold – middle aged attractive man, husband  
Rebecca – attractive middle aged woman, wife 
Amy - small girl, 12 years old, Harold and Rebecca’s daughter 
Time: Present day
Setting: Stage right is the family room. There are open food containers on the coffee table, a basket of dirty clothes beside the sofa – the room is very messy. Harold’s clothes, dark dress slacks, a white collar shirt, and a pair of black patent leather dress shoes are on the floor beside the sofa. Harold is wearing his boxers and a white t-shirt only. He is middle aged and appears to have not shaved for a couple days. The lone sofa is chocolate brown, a dark wood coffee table sits in front of it, and a TV are all the furnishings in the room. The TV is positioned across from Harold but not blocking him, it is a 50” flat screen. The volume is down low. A large picture of the couple with a little girl, hangs above the fireplace (it is crooked on the wall – lighting should be placed around the picture to make it a focal point). There are cobwebs around the picture. Both Harold and Rebecca are very attractive people. Stage left is a bedroom. There is a queen bed, outfitted with an expensive bed ensemble, a small wooden bedside table with a Tiffany inspired lamp on it and that is all. Rebecca, the wife, has on a silk floor length nightgown and her hair is covered by a wrap – some hair is sticking out from the wrap and we can see that she has long red curly hair. 
Harold is slumped on the sofa, watching TV and looking at magazines of naked women (We know they are dirty magazines because he opens one up, the pages unfold, and he gazes at it with his mouth open and makes a guttural sound of pleasure). Rebecca is in the bedroom preparing for bed. She takes off her floor length silk robe, places it at the foot of the bed, and gets in. There is a faint scraping noise heard – off stage. 
Rebecca: Harold? Are you coming to bed? (Pause, sigh) Do you still love me? (She pauses for a beat with her head inclined toward stage left and Harold). Are you coming to bed? You never sleep in here with me anymore. 
Harold: Go to bed, Rebecca.
Rebecca: The least you could do is answer my question. But whatever. 
(There is a sound off stage – left. Harold pays no attention. Rebecca is instantly alarmed. She sits up. (There is a faint, soft light around her as she peers around the room with wide eyes.)
Rebecca: Harold? Did you hear that? I heard something. Did you hear it?
Harold: I didn’t hear anything. Go to bed. 
Rebecca: I heard something. I know I did. (She sighs, looks around the room) Well, maybe I didn’t. Maybe I was dreaming and didn’t know it. 
Harold: Please, stop talking to me and go to bed. 
(She looks around the room one last time, then shifts in bed and lies down. The light fades on her. There is an audible sound, a hiss. The light starts on Rebecca in the bedroom.)
Rebecca: Harold? You must have heard that. It sounded so close. (She turns on the lamp.) Like - maybe it was in the room with me. Can you come in here and check it out. I’m getting a little freaked. 
Harold: No, Rebecca. I can’t. Now leave me the fuck alone so I can get some sleep. I have an important meeting in the morning. Obviously, those damn pills you’re taking aren’t working they’re just costing us a fortune. 
Rebecca: How would you know if the pills were working or not. YOU DON’T COME TO BED WITH ME ANYMORE. You don’t talk to me. We never spend time together. (She takes a deep breath) But Harold, I heard it. I’m not crazy. I’m scared. Not crazy.
Harold: I DON’T CARE. LEAVE ME ALONE. (Harold runs his hands through his hair in frustration.)
Rebecca: [softly] You used to care. You used to love me. Instead of fighting all the time we should be…I don’t know…coming together. (pause) It’s not my fault, Harold. I mean, they said it wasn’t my fault.
Harold: Don’t start, Rebecca. 
Rebecca: I just don’t understand you. We should be able to work this out together. 
(There is a loud noise. Rebecca dives under the covers and the light fades on her. The light closes in on Harold as he lies on the sofa – looking at nothing, straight ahead. Like he is in deep thought. The noise is heard again in the bedroom. Rebecca sits up.)
Rebecca: You must have heard that. It sounds like scratching. Could we have rats? Oh, no it can’t be rats. The house has been exterminated. (She looks around the room.) Harold, why won’t you talk to me? We should talk you know. It’s not healthy for us to not talk about it. We should go see someone. A doctor maybe. (she looks around the room, suspiciously) Plus, this stupid noise. Harold? It’s not in my head. I keep hearing it. 
Harold: God, why won’t you shut-up? If you want to go to a doctor then do it. I’m not. NOW LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE.
Rebecca: (Talking to herself.) Always so nasty about everything now. I know I heard something. (Getting out of the bed to look around the room.) There is nothing to be afraid of, Rebecca. You’re not a little girl anymore. There are no monsters under the bed. Or in the closet. Shit, I’m scared. 
(She hops back into bed on top of the blanket with the light on still.)
Rebecca: Harold? Harold?
Harold: WHAT?
Rebecca: Couldn’t you sleep in here with me. Just for tonight. I’m really scared. I keep hearing things. Creepy things. Please. 
Harold: Rebecca, you are a grown woman. Act like it. And go to sleep already.
Rebecca: I can’t sleep. I keep hearing the noise. I can never sleep anymore –not like I used to. I shouldn’t be surprised. (pause) I really miss her. I think about her all the time.
Harold: Don’t. 
Rebecca: But I do. I wish you would talk to me. We could help each other. We could be a family again. 
Harold: [softly] Rebecca, why don’t you just go to bed? 
(Rebecca starts to cry softly into her hands. There is a sound of a scrap and soft footsteps treading toward her. Harold is snoozing on the coach now – his magazine sits on the coffee table in front of him and the TV is all static. Rebecca is visibly scared by the noises coming from stage left – soft footfalls and breathing noises.)
Rebecca: What the hell was that? God, please don’t let me go crazy. What is happening to me? Harold? Harold? HAROLD?
Harold: WHAT?
Rebecca: Please come in the room. There is something in the room with me – I can feel it. Please come and check it out. (pause) Please don’t be upset with me anymore. I never saw the other car coming. It just swerved really quickly into my lane. I never saw it until - I couldn’t stop. They said it wasn’t my fault. 
Harold: Rebecca, please. 
Rebecca: But Harold they said it wasn’t my fault. You shouldn’t blame me for this. I miss her, too.
Harold: [Strained] Rebecca, I don’t want to talk about this. I want to go to sleep. You need to sleep too. You have to get up for work tomorrow. We aren’t talking about this and there is nothing to be scared about. Now lie down and leave me alone - please. 
Rebecca: But Harold it’s good to talk about it. We should talk. 
(The noise echo’s through the whole house. It sounds like someone speaking but the sound is muffled – barely audible.)
Rebecca: I’m really scared, Harold. Something’s in here with me. It’s in here, Harold. I hear it. I hear it calling to me! 
(A light is illuminated on Rebecca as she sits up in the middle of the bed and a figure begins to emerge through the shadows of darkness toward her. A little girl with a pink dress about 12 years old stands beside Rebecca.) 
Amy: Don’t be scared Momma, it’s just me. 
Rebecca: [in a whisper] Amy?
Amy: Mom, you can’t tell Dad I’m here right now, he won’t believe you. 
Rebecca: Amy? Amy, how are you here? I – I – 
Amy: Mom, its okay. I understand you and Daddy have gone through a lot because I died. I don’t blame you. 
Rebecca: Oh, sweetheart. I- I’m so sorry. 
Amy: Momma, don’t be sad. (Amy sits down beside her mother on the bed and she takes her hand.) 
Rebecca: [crying] I never thought I’d see you again, sweetheart. 
Amy: Momma, I’m always watching you and Daddy. 
Rebecca: You are? 
Amy: Yes. I loved my time here with you and Daddy but God said he had big plans for me in heaven. He said he needed me in heaven more than I was needed here. He said that you and Daddy would eventually find your way without me. But I got so sad watching you and Daddy not talking and fighting all the time. God saw how sad I was and said I could come to see one of you. 
Rebecca: And you choose me, after what I did?
Amy: I didn’t get to choose. God told me to call to you and Daddy and whoever hears me that’s the person I should go and talk to. He said that person would be wise and not turn away from me. He said that person needs to see me more than the other person. 
Rebecca: Oh, sweetheart. Can I just hold you – for a minute? 
Amy: Sure Momma. 
Harold: Are you in there talking to yourself, Rebecca? 
Rebecca: Go to bed, Harold. I’m fine. 
Amy: Momma, don’t give up on Daddy. He loves you. He’s just hurting. He also comes in the room every night and watches you sleep. I know why he couldn’t hear me tonight, too. Do you wanna know why?
Rebecca: Yes, sweetheart. I would. 
Amy: Because he could not hear through the crying. 
Rebecca: But I didn’t cry that loud. Did I?
Amy: Not your crying, Daddy’s. He cries all the time, especially when you’re not home. I think just having you in the same house helps him. He never cries when you’re here - well, except tonight. But his tears are inside of him – they don’t show on the outside. That’s why he couldn’t hear me coming because he was crying really hard. It made me so sad. I don’t want Daddy or you to be sad anymore Momma. 
Rebecca: Oh, sweetheart. Your Daddy does love you very much and he misses you. That’s the reason he cries – why he’s so sad.  
Amy: But Momma, tonight Daddy wasn’t crying for me. He was crying for you. He wants you and he’s scared to tell you. 
Rebecca: But I’m right here. He does not try to talk to me. He never wants to talk anymore. It’s like…a part of him died – with you. 
Amy: He’s scared you’re going to leave him like I did. You really should talk to Daddy, Momma. 
Rebecca: Oh, sweetheart. I don’t expect you to understand this situation. It’s not that simple. You’re young – it’s…um. It’s complicated. 
Amy: Mom, I know it’s complicated, that’s why I sat down with God before I came here. He told me what was going on and what you can do to fix this. He told me the right words to say.
Rebecca: Really?
Amy: He said all you need to do is tell Daddy you love him. Don’t talk about me. Or try to fix him or his pain. God will work on his pain – that’s not your job. He said tell him you love him and mean it. That’s it. And Daddy will come around because he’ll know you mean it. 
Rebecca: (crying) You’re so smart sweetheart. Will you come to see me again? 
Amy: Sorry, Momma. I can’t come back. That’s why it’s so important that I get this right the first time. I really like Heaven and watching over you and Daddy but I’m really sad because of what I’ve been seeing here. Please try to be happy – make Daddy happy. Every time you laugh, remember I’ll be laughing and smiling too. If you really want me to be happy, you have to make each other happy. 
Rebecca: I will. I promise. I’ll do everything I can to make you happy. (Talking, through tears) To know that something I do can still impact you will carry me to my grave. I love you, sweetheart. And even if Daddy and I have another child, we’ll never forget you. 
Amy: Oh that would be terrific! [laughing] You and Daddy should have another baby. Oh, yes. Momma that would be fantastic! 
Rebecca: [laughing] Oh gosh, I’ve missed the sound of your laughter. 
Amy: Momma, can I tell you a secret not a lot of people know about. 
Rebecca: Sure, what is it? 
Amy: You may be able to hear me laugh, if you listen really close. But it’s only when there’s a small baby around. (whispers) I have to make the babies smile and giggle. That’s my job. Isn’t that neat? 
Rebecca: It is a very admirable job. I’m so proud of you, honey. 
Amy: I love you, Momma. (pause, looks sad) But I have to go now, they’re calling me back. Remember, I’ll be watching, so smile every chance you can because I’ll be smiling with you. 
(Rebecca pulls Amy in for an embrace, as tears run down her cheeks. Amy rises and starts toward the darkness. A glowing light is illuminated and Amy walks into the light. As Amy disappears into the light, Rebecca sits perched on bed with a huge smile on her face and the light around Rebecca fades, also.)
Harold: [whispered to himself] God, why did this happen to my family. (He places his head into his hands and sobs softly.) I do love my wife. Help me to show her I still love her. 
(He then rises, crosses the room to the fireplace, and straightens the picture of his family on the wall – removing cobwebs as he does. Then the light fades on him as he turns around. He leans against the fireplace and looks directly at the audience. He has a small smile playing at the corners of his mouth)






Extinguish the light
 Darkness crept from the shadows, slithering slimy
In search of a soul to snatch. She bounded clear and illuminated into view.
Beauty radiated from every crevice of her being, sparks of light filtered through her eyes
She stood bright and tall. Angels sang as she passed and devils squirmed in her wake. 
Death had no face so he sought one to possess. The face had to belong to an obscure soul. 
Creeping and crawling beneath the surface of his skin lay parasites. They feed on him 
Daily. Manipulator. Liar. Cheat. Oh, Death had found home in this man with a decaying morbid soul. Now to his mission: he must extinguish her light. She was too bright. 

Love. The catalyst for immoral decisions was the key to her undoing. 
Her beauty was great, his challenge difficult. But she fell for the outward appearance. 
The sunshine, flowers, and kisses that made her feel like a bird soaring at great heights. Oh how he taunted and teased till he had what he wanted. 

The fall was quick, great. Soft flesh tumbled into the cold earth. Tears and sorrow, the light was gone too soon. Her radiance seen no more. Death had an agenda. Savage and Brutal. He desecrated her and trashed him who he possessed. Death takes no prisoners. He consumes all and leaves a stench in his wake. 








I’ll See You in Another Life
I spotted the ultra-geek positioned at his locker. I didn’t make eye contact with him or anyone else, for fear he would run. I really didn’t feel like chasing anyone, though I knew from past experiences – they all ran. Fittingly, I had worn tennis shoes.
I slithered past the other students in the hall, until I stood directly behind him. The idiot didn’t even notice me standing there. How absurd, seeing that I was invading his most personal space.
The halls began to unclutter, as students slowly trickled into their classrooms. I waited patiently behind the biggest dufus I’d ever seen. With my patience worn as thin as this kid’s social ability, I finally spoke up. “Excuse me, it’s my first day and I’m looking for the girls’ gym. Do you know where it is?”
Startled, he spun around to find me there, glaring at him. He sauntered to the left then to the right trying to catch his balance. It took him a moment. He adjusted his glasses to his tiny nose then smiled slyly at me. “Um, yes, I could show you where it is but then I would be late for my class. That’s just not acceptable. I don’t get tardies.”
“Okay, well, can you at least walk me half-way to the class.” He refused to make this easy. I should have known.
He ignored my second request for another question. “How long have you been here…I mean in town? I haven’t seen you before. It’s a pretty small town and new people stick out like a sore thumb.”
Neither of us spoke, clarity rendering me speechless for a moment. How’d he figure me out so quickly? “Listen, you’re gonna tell me what I need to know. Or else!”
“Or else, what?”
“Or else. I’ll stick your head in the toilet. I’ll wash your mouth out with soap and I’ll stuff you in your locker.”
“Ha-ha! All those things have already been done to me. You’re too late. You need to be more original. I thought they were sending their best after me.”
“Listen kid, I need that information something bad.”
“You’re a kid too now!”
“Regardless, I’ll break an arm or a leg. Don’t allow my stature to make you complacent. I can still do my job. Now give me what I want, and I’ll go away.”
“Am I really supposed to believe that? You’ll simply let me live out my life here? You’ll just go away.”
“That’s right. You can trust me. I’ll let you go.” I held my breath with anticipation.
“Right. I should trust you. It seems you’ve forgotten the time in Paris that you shot me. Or, the time we got married in Costa Rica and you poisoned me. Or the time we were sailing the Caribbean and you threw me overboard to the sharks, right after you stabbed me in the leg. Or the time -”
“Okay! Okay! I get it. You have…trust issues. Hey, it’s my job, don’t take it personal.”
“Right. Issues, major issues,” he said. He backed away from me and my intrusive stance.
“Look, what can I do to convince you to give the thing to me? I know you have it - you little weasel.”
“Oh, how fun, we’re calling names now. You misguided feminist, back stabbing, little…word my mother says I should never use.”
I threw my hands into the air, exasperated. “Why did I get stuck here? Of all the places I could be…I should be. I was supposed to be going on vacation when they sent me here. A real vacation, as myself…my real self. I haven’t seen her in so long. Instead, I’m here with you. You maggot, you degenerate, scum of the earth, parasite…I could go on for days. My mommy didn’t limit my vocabulary.”
“Okay, look the processor you want doesn’t exist…couldn’t exist. We don’t have technology that sophisticated yet. And, if we did…” his lips curl around his snag-a-tooth mouth, “I’d be extremely reluctant to give it to you. Actually, reluctant is an understatement, you will never get it if I am your only source.”
“What do you mean reluctant to give it to me?” I clenched my fist at my side. Popping him in the mouth was looking like an awesome idea. 
“Well, honestly, you’re a girl. A pretty girl, just not the smartest one.”
Yeah, a few shots to the head and mouth would work for me but he would never give the thing to me then. I had to be smart about this. “Listen, I’m desperate here. I gotta get rid of this body. I didn’t even like kids when I was a kid. And, this mommy…Good Lord! If she kisses me one more time I’m calling child protective services. I’m willing to barter with you. Okay. You don’t have to give the processor to me, only the patent for the technology. We can reproduce it on our own. I, in turn, will give you of my services.” I sashayed my hips and winked at him desperately trying to flirt in my 5’2 body with little to no breasts and a mouth full of metal.
“And, what services might that be.” He licked his lips then stepped forward a foot.
I threw up in my mouth before I spoke. “You want to stay here. I mean as this middle grade kid, that’s fine with me. But, you do know that everyone thinks you’re a geek, a major loser, a real tool, a real -”
“Okay, I kind’ a get that…not popular. Go on.” He rolled his eyes like the sissy I always thought he was.
“I could change that for you. I could make you popular.”
“How?”
“I know how difficult 8th grade can be. I’d tell everyone we kissed and I liked it a lot.”
His lips curled into a smug smile that made my stomach turn over. “Oh…um, okay, uh…” He bit the side of his mouth and stared at me for the longest. I wanted to ram his thick head into the locker and tell him to hurry up. It wasn’t like I was going to enjoy this but I’d take one for the team. “Okay. I do have the processor but I’m not giving it until you give it.” He arched his thick brows and smirked at me. “Come by after school and I’ll give it to you.”
“Good boy.” Boys are the same no matter what age.
He closed his eyes and puckered his lips… I swallowed hard to force the dread away. Pushing forward, I leaned into him. 
Then I saw a flash of silver in the side of his back pack. No way was he that stupid. He couldn’t have the thing with him now. Could he?
 I inched closer. His lips were still pouted…
…ready for my kiss. 
I pulled my head to the side and peered deeper into his bag. 
His foot grazed mine as I pushed forward for a better view of the inside of the bag, trying desperately not to physically touch him. 
His lips were still puckered and ready. I could hear the manic beat of his heart and I shook my head. He was a pitiful excuse for an agent. Why they’d kept him around so long was beyond my comprehension. 
Just when our lips nearly touched, I pressed my palm against his bird chest. His eyes fluttered but did not open. I grimaced at his pencil thin crusted lips. And to top it all off, his breath stank. It smelled like he’d stuck his foot in his mouth and marinated it with his saliva. 
I turned my head slightly disgusted by the odor and trying to hold down my breakfast. 
Then I snapped. I couldn’t take it. My lips were going nowhere near his filthy fly trapper. Even if this wasn’t my real body. I wouldn’t. Couldn’t. 
I’m going to get fired. But what was the alternative. I pushed my head back and glanced at his still puckered lips. My frown couldn’t be suppressed. 
I pressed my hand to his chest and zapped him so hard his body slammed into the locker. My eyes slipped closed. For a long beat I felt nothing. Then something hit my foot. My eyes popped open after the second time my foot was kicked. 
I was on the floor, slouched against the locker. A tall lady with sandy brown hair, and a dress so hideous she ought to be locked away for inflicting eye pain on me, stood over me with her hands at her side. 
“Are you okay, dear?” she asked. Concern lines were etched into her face. She extended her hand for me to grab. I wrapped my hand around hers and pulled myself from the floor. 
“Are you okay?” she asked again, peering at me like I’d grown an extra head. I nodded. “Okay, go to the lavatory to collect yourself. Then go straight to the nurse. I want her to look at you also. You had a nasty fall.” I nodded again and walked toward the lavatory. 
Just when I was about to push through the door, she grabbed my shoulders from behind. “What are you doing? The boys’ lavatory is over here.” Then my glasses fell from my face and clanked to the floor. Oh NO!










Understanding
Get up. Stand up. Stand up for your rights. These words echoed in my head as I crossed the sloppily painted red line in front of the dilapidated building. The wind nipped at the back of my dress and I continually pulled it so I didn’t flash the people surrounding me. A young girl, she couldn’t have been older than ten, shouted as I fought the wind, “Use your fricking brain lady.” I turned toward the sound of her voice to get a better view of her. 
Her thick auburn hair was braided down the center of her head and a collage of freckles dotted her tiny nose. Upon seeing me pause, she thrust a large green, red, and yellow sign in the air above her head. Her bony arms shook vigorously as she protested my entry into the building. Her braid swayed from side to side like a feather tossed in the wind. Her large eyes shown with determination. How could this little girl have all this passion about such a grown-up subject? 
I wanted to know her. Know her story. Why was she angry? Who told her this was so wrong? I pivoted a step in her direction. Just as my left foot rose to make the trip to her side, a large woman with dark jet-black hair shoved her. She fell to the ground and her sign clattered to the ground beside her. The woman with the dark hair was also angry but yelled expletives I would have been ashamed to utter in front of another human being. Even from my distance, I could see the throbbing of her temple, and the spit zip through her lips with every foul word she shrieked. Why was she so upset anyway? All of them. It was my brain after all. Right?
Ever since The People’s New Republic began enforcing the removal of the woman’s brain before she was married, the country had been divided. According to Article One, paragraph three of the New Constitution, women were not allowed to obtain a marriage license until they had had their natural brain removed and received a techno bonically produced brain made especially for them. 
My decision hadn’t been an easy one. A conversation with my mother on the day of my commencement reverberated in my head. “Dear, no man wants a mouthy wife. God made us gentle creatures, helpmates to our men. We are to obey them in every way. Make their difficult tasks easier.  Unfortunately, as we age, our brain makes us say and behave in manners that are unpleasing to our men. This is why the procedure is so important. Fortunately, The People’s New Republic understood this; they care about us.  It is an honor when a man wants to marry you; and you will be asked.  When you are, you remember you must say yes. Do you understand?” 
I nodded my understanding. My stomach fluttered nervously at the notion, however. I’d heard talk in the girl’s locker room about women not having the procedure because it wasn’t right. But if they didn’t have the procedure, they could never get married. I couldn’t fathom which side was right - not until I met Harold. 
He changed everything for me. 
I was perched beneath a large Japanese maple in front of the Technology Center on campus. My books strewn at my feet, I sat on a tattered towel with my legs curled up to my chest. Thoroughly engrossed in an Edgar Allen Poe mystery, I hadn’t noticed the large leather ball about to collide with my face. A masculine voice roared, “duck.” Without a second thought, I dove toward the ground. The ball narrowly missed rearranging my face. 
“Are you okay?” The same masculine voice asked standing above me. I pushed myself to a seated position and glanced up to spy a tall, olive complexioned man in front of me. I scrambled to my feet, wiping away the leaves and dirt from my backside. My stomach knotted as I thrust my hand forward to receive his outstretched hand. 
His large muscular hand engulfed mine and sent a shiver of delight up my spine. “Sorry about that. I don’t have the best aim. I’m Josh.” His eyes were vibrant and moving, making the laughter that floated from him even more appealing. I swallowed hard with each word he spoke. I forced my emotions into submission as he sat with me under the maple tree.
We talked for hours and before we knew it, the sun was peaking over the horizon. “Can I see you again,” he asked. His chocolate eyes bore into mine and for a moment, I couldn’t breathe.  With those five simple words, I was hooked. 
We spent every conceivable amount of time together. In between our classes, we took long walks on the beach and strolled through Union Park for hours – just talking. Enjoying each other’s company. Everyone assumed we would get married. I even began to prepare mentally for my procedure. But the proposal I expected and anticipated every time I saw him never came. 
One day, after a trip to Siena Cove Beach, I asked the burgeoning question. “Josh, are you ever going to ask me to marry you.” The words tumbled out of my mouth like a spoonful of Jell-O gliding from my lips. I wanted to suck them back in – make them disappear. I bit my lower lip in anticipation for his response. 
He allowed his gaze to fall to the side. My stomach flipped upside down. “I love you too much to marry you,” he said. My heart beat so fast I was certain he could hear. The lump in my throat obstructed the words I wanted to utter from escaping.  So, I nodded my understanding. I picked up my bag and walked the rest of the way home. That was the last time I saw Josh. But I’ve thought about him every day since then. Because again, like before with my mother, I did not fully understand. 
It took me two years to date again. Then I met Harold. He bumped into me in the hall of my Psychology class. The scent of chocolate and mint wafted to my nostrils intoxicating me. He was engulfed by the sweet smell. He leaned in to me, with his hands extended to steady me. The places his hands rested seared, coming to life by his close proximity.
One look into his dark sensuous eyes and I was in love. It was different this time, though. Harold was not as attentive or as good a listener as Josh had been. He was extremely opinionated and we often argued about social issues. But in his own protective way, he pulled at my heartstrings. 
After only six months of dating, Harold pulled me to the side as we strolled along Troubadour Blvd., on our way from a musical. “We should go ahead and get married,” he blurted out. My mouth fell open. Was this his idea of a proposal? 
I forced the corner of my mouth into an upright position, while my heart crumbled at my feet. I had dreamt of how those words would sound. His words made me cringe on the inside. He stood before me with his chest buffed out, his ebony eyes sparkling and euphoric. He wanted an answer. 
I was still in shock. 
He grinned, then. “You’re in shock. Right?” He nodded and his grin stretched across his face like taffy pulling apart. “I understand. But it’s not like either of us are getting younger. We ought to do this. We could be married by the summer. I’ll be finished with my classes and you can quit yours. I already checked on possible examination dates for you to have the procedure and if we act now you’ll have healed before summer.” My abdomen gurgled loudly. I took a deep breath and continued to smile, though the muscles in my face had started to contract. 
“I think this is a good plan,” he continued. “I’ve thought everything through. There’s really not anything for you to think about.” Nothing. I still couldn’t speak but I felt the skin on my forehead wrinkle. Isn’t this what I wanted? To be married and have a family…isn’t this what every girl wants? I knew this was what my mother wanted for me. So, I nodded my agreement, my understanding. 
Harold folded me into his arms and I collapsed into him. His chocolate and mint breath swirled around me as he inched his lips closer to mine. Just before our lips touched, he said, “You won’t have to worry about anything with me. I love you so much.”
The wind whipped up again, pushing me out of my reflective thoughts. It whipped my hair, lashing me in the face. I brushed the hair behind my ear with my index finger. With my peripheral, I could see the little girl still on the ground, rubbing at a wound caused by her fall. I bit down on my lower lip. Wanting to go to her, to help her but knowing I shouldn’t.  My focus back to the larger angry woman, I wondered if anyone had ever proposed to her. What did it matter anyway? I didn’t know these women and they didn’t know me. They’d never understand why I made the decision I did. 
I whirled back to face the building and the decision I made. The remaining steps were easier. Faded walls and a dry stale odor greeted me as I pushed through the heavy wooden doors. “Welcome to the Women’s Resistance,” a soft feminine voice said behind me. I turned to find a slender, blond haired woman smiling at me. “Hi. I’m Leslie. Can I ask what motivated you to come here today?” 
I released a slow breath and allowed my thoughts to comingle with the cacophony rising from the street. “I finally understood,” I said. She smiled at my words with a knowing grin. “A love I couldn’t have saved me from a love I didn’t want. I just had to understand the difference. And now it’s my time to stand-up.”


The Gift
I reached over to touch the thin vein slowly pulsating in his hand and his eyes flashed open. “I love you,” he whispered. 
We’d been sitting silently, starring at one another. His cocoa eyes matched his beautiful skin. I smiled. His beauty had not diminished with his illness. I rejected the fear attempting to swallow me whole. I rubbed my sweating palms on my jean shorts. 
Embarrassment would usually settle in for most people our age, but with the stench of death harboring so closely, we weren’t afforded normal teenage mannerisms. 
“I love you, too,” I replied, barely audible. I wanted to remove him from this place of torment, but deep down I knew that was impossible. 
“Do you have the recorder?” he inquired. 
He pushed himself forward on the stark white bed. His lethargic state for the past two weeks seemed to dissipate. The tests they ran on him were siphoning his energy. They experimented with his blood, his DNA, did brain scans, and injected him with chemicals to enhance the abilities they claimed he possessed. 
I protested the speculation that he had any ability at all. He was an average teenager. My audience, however, was deaf.
My objections were suppressed, not by the medical monsters but by something in his medical charts that commanded their attention. They remained insistent upon the existence of these abnormalities that gave him some kind of power. I found it hilarious that people qualified in the way of science could so easily believe in the supernatural. It didn’t add up. I was the most rational person I knew and to have someone I loved to the core be subjected to this kind of abuse because of such senseless accusations made me furious. 
Sitting quietly, observing him, I habitually found myself quivering with rage, or gritting my teeth so hard the enamel chipped off in my mouth. 
I seized my bag from the bureau directly in front of the bed. I promised myself I would clean it a couple weeks ago, I remembered as I poked around aimlessly. Everyday tasks had been postponed as I watched him waste away. 
My fingers folded around the cold metal of the recorder. “I have it,” I announced. 
“Good. Can you please give me some time,” he requested. 
“I’ll go get a cup of coffee. I’ll be back in 15 minutes.” 
“That’s fine,” he replied. He was the love of my life and all I could do was stand idle as he wasted away to nothing. I was too young to lose him. He was supposed to be mine forever. 
Taking a break from him would not be easy but was much needed.    
I pressed my tears into a tiny place in the back of my mind and smiled gingerly before exiting. I would be back for them when I was alone.
 As I emerged, bulbs flashed, people yelled, and hands carrying microphones were thrust into my face.  
The vultures! I clenched my hands by my side and gritted my teeth from the impulse to hurl a list of profanity laced words at them. They would not allow us any privacy. All they wanted was him ripped, exposed, and humiliated for the world to see. They could not fathom that this was tearing him apart, literally. 
I pushed past them and their rude, intrusive questions to the elevators. They spun back around and positioned themselves in front of the door to his room. Hoping, praying, waiting for just a glimpse. I shook my head at their asinine behavior. How all these people could accept as true this insane story was beyond reasoning. 
I entered the cafeteria to dreary gray walls, white and gray speckled linoleum, and cold faces all around. Even the large windows positioned at the front of the room, meant to thrust sunshine onto the sullen faces of people waiting, was not cooperating. Rain fell and coated the windows with tears. Sunshine was not allowed to make an appearance. 
Without making eye contact with anyone, I crossed the room to stand in line for my coffee. A small girl stood in line in front of me. She appeared to be about nine years old. She wore a pink head band in her hair and a pink wrist band that said, “Fight Cancer.” I observed her as she made her way through the line. She fiddled with her plastic band but her eyes were cast down the entire time. I observed when she lifted her head that a solitary tear had broken away and slipped down her left cheek. She did not wipe the tear away. 
How I longed to be her, to be able to cry. But I could not. I had to remain self-possessed - all the time. My emotions were not necessary, just my presence and support, but oh how I longed to let it all out. My heart constricted and I prayed she would continue to cry until she felt relieved. 
The coffee tasted bland and cold but under the present circumstances, I wasn’t complaining. I had also grabbed a muffin because I realized I had not eaten anything all day. An appetite was one of those normal things that vanished when this situation occurred.
I sat in the uncomfortable plastic chair and peered into the abyss of sorrowful faces. I picked at the blueberry muffin that had looked quite appetizing when I first saw it. But I was unable to eat it. The thought of going back to the room, to him in that dilapidated state, was enough to strip away any hunger I thought I had. 
I rose, ready to head back when I locked gazes with the little girl from the line. Our eyes met and held. I was powerless to wrench my eyes from hers. It was like she had seized my body and held me spellbound. Her soft blue eyes carried a stillness, a peacefulness I had not seen in a child so young.
Just as I was about to turn, she elevated her head more and smiled. A real genuine beam that stretched from her small tulip lips to her large ocean blue eyes. So, instinctively, I returned a smile. She thrust her head back and laughed. So, I laughed, also. 
I wish I could have told her how monumental that gesture had been. In a state of exhaustion and emotionally stripped, she allowed me to express everything with a simple laugh. I was not certain she would understand. But then again maybe she would. 
I returned to the same rapacious group outside of his room. They hadn’t relinquished their position in front of the door. I hadn’t expected they would. I eased myself into the room on tiptoes, being careful not to wake him if he were sleeping.
He lay back in bed with his eyes closed. The rain had stopped and the sun shined luminously on his face. For a second, I watched him as the afternoon sun danced across his slender face. “He’s normal. Beautiful but normal,” I whispered. I crossed the room and sealed the curtains to shield his eyes from the sun’s rays.
The cassettes were laid out on the food tray in front of him. I noticed immediately that he had labeled them. One cassette for me and the other simply said “the media.” 
I picked up the cassette labeled for me and placed it in my oversized bag. I would listen later when I was alone, in the sanctuary of my own room. So I could freely shed the tears I knew would come. Reminding myself I should not be overly emotional here.
Under the cassettes he placed a small note. It was written on the hospital stationary in his distinctive handwriting. It left instructions for me to give the media cassette to a reporter we both knew and for me to listen to my cassette immediately. 
 I took a deep breath and ran a hand across my face and through my thick ebony hair. I glanced at the door, lips pursed, unsure about listening when someone could walk in and see my reaction.
My thoughts on the subject would not sway what I knew I needed to do. Obey his orders, I couldn’t think of them as last requests… 
I sat beside his bed in the white and gray chair that made my backside hurt. My eyes returned to him. His breathing had evened and he was resting. With quivering hands, I removed the cassette from my bag, and then placed it in the recorder. 
I trembled with anticipation, nervous about the words he would say to me. His last statements, he called them. Just the thought made me cringe. How my heart would ache when he was finished. 
With my abdomen tied in knots, I pressed the play button. 
It was a shock how normal he sounded. His voice, nearly a whisper moments before, rose and filled the cassette. He sounded every bit of 19. In his words were strength and courage. The lilt of his voice rang with melody, like he was singing. His speech was brief. But the ache from his words, from the love that he had shown me would reverberate through my heart forever. 
He was too young. He will be fine, I often thought in the beginning. This will all go away. It had not gone away and I was ill prepared to say good-bye. 
With my finger poised to press the stop button, another voice became audible on the cassette. It was not his voice, I was sure of that. Intrigued, I sat straight up in the chair. Why had someone come in when I’d gone? And why were they conversing on his message to me. I frowned down at the cassette but listened with rapt attention.  
“I hope you realize what you’re doing. You can’t come back if you leave,” the unknown person stated.
“I know,” my love said, with sadness in his voice. 
 “Why do it then. Why go through all this just to die.”
 “Because of her, I had to... I love her. I couldn’t allow her to live without me. I had to experience life with her.”
 “Do you think she has any idea that you’re not human?”
“I’m sure she doesn’t. It’s not like it came up in conversation. I’m not even sure how I could have explained it to her…Oh, by the way, I used to be your guardian angel. I fell in love with you before you were born and became human to be with you. I don’t think that would have gone over well,” he said, chuckling softly. 
I gasped in shock and dropped the recorder. “What,” I said aloud, not certain about what I heard.
I looked over at him and saw a smile playing at the corner of his lips. His eyes remained closed. “What the…” I spluttered barely able to speak. I lay my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. 
Suddenly, his eyes sprang open and he whispered, “The power they seek is not in me. I protected you from them.” He placed his hand over my heart and said, “I give you the gift of life, because you gave me a profound love; spread that love to others.” 
When I looked down at him, he was gone. I knew he was no longer with me and I was looking at the shell of the man I loved. 
Following his death, I listened to that cassette repetitively. After the first time I listened, the end conversation seemed to have vanished from the cassette. No matter how I manipulated the playback – super fast or slow – I never heard the other voice again. Or the conversation that had sent my head spinning. I often wondered if the words I thought I heard spoken on it were truth or simply delirium on my part.
Now as I reflect back, some 200 years later, what I originally thought was my imagination or the ramblings of a dying man, was the impartation of what he believed to be a gift. Some days I have to remind myself to be thankful for this gift but every day I remember the love in which it was given.






Breaking Up is Hard to Do
I faced the toughest decision ever: should I recycle? 
I twisted to a better view of the hall. Colin could sneak up at any minute and ruin everything. I tried to place the call as quick as I could, though I didn't understand how they could stand these shiny things with all the numbers on them. They were archaic - we hadn't used them in ages.  
"Hey Babe," Colin said. He strolled over and traced his slender finger across my chin. I slammed the device shut. No time for a call now. I would have to make the decision without my audience's help. I smiled despite the rise of fear that threated to choke back what I knew I had to do. Not that I didn't want to do it. But somehow, this time was different.  
"Hey, there." I tried to sound normal. Whatever that was. "We should talk later." I refused to engage eye contact. I opened my locker and peered inside for my calculus book instead.  
"Let's talk now." He seized me by the hips and pulled me to him. "We still have ten minutes before first period starts. What's up?"  
"Maybe we should wait until after school." I hoped he'd drop it until then. I knew it was the human condition to be curious. Why had I opened my big mouth? I clinched my fingers into a fist and dug a sharp nail into the palm of my hand.  
"Why? Is something wrong?" He drew my chin to meet his inquisitive gaze. His eyes were the handsomest shade of brown, like chocolate velvet. Regardless, I had to remain composed. I'd gotten the approval to dump my package. All I had to do was guide it home.  
Why did I even mention talking? Why couldn't I have waited? My insides soured. Oh yeah, because I was sick and loved to torture others.  
"Listen, I really think it'd be best to wait until after school. You know...all the extra ears." I pulled away from his grasp to lean on my locker - away from his probing hands.  
The hair on the back of my neck stood on end. Drop it, drop it, drop it, I stormed in my head. I could not afford to do this wrong. Tact and skill were my allies. This isn't my first offense but it should definitely be my last.  
"Hey, Colin," Jennifer Riley's syrupy voice sounded behind him. He took a step to the right...closer to me. "Looking good today." Look who it is, it's the Devils only off-spring. She ran her skinny hand over the collar of his light blue tee shirt. "How's it goin?" 
"Oh...uh, hi, Jen," Colin responded. He always got nervous around Jennifer Riley. All the boys did. I grunted. If only they knew.  
"Hello, Jennifer." I poked my head around Colin and peered at her with disdain. "Shouldn't you be running along...somewhere else?" I clenched my teeth. Stop talking to her before you lose it. 
"Amy," Colin exclaimed. "Be cool." He reached over, grabbed my hand, and gave a squeeze. I pulled my hand from his grip. He was such an idiot. 
"Yeah, be cool, Amy," Jen said. Her eyes glistened and I knew her audience hated me. They had every right to, because I hated her, too. 
"Do you need something, Jen?" Colin asked. 
"I wanted to invite you to my birthday party." She reached into her oversized fuchsia bag and pulled out a hot pink invitation. As she slid the invitation to him, she ran her pink manicured nails over his hand, caressing and folding his hand into hers. She knew I watched and she didn't care. I was taking notes. 
"Oh, thanks for the invite Jen. Amy and I'll be sure to come." She threw a glance in my direction. Her brows were scrunched together and her lips were a straight line. I'm certain she'd rather he drop me at the side of the road, or off a bridge on the side of the road before he arrived. I stifled a giggle at her jealousy. How hilarious! How completely interesting!
"Uh, Jen, Amy and I were about to talk about some personal stuff. Can we have a minute, please?" Always so polite. Just tell her to get lost. So weak. That was why he came up as a target, I suppose. 
"Whatever," she replied. She rolled her large ebony eyes at me as she marched off. Her eyes were as black as the soul that possessed them. I observed her as she traipsed down the hall. Every guy turned to ogle at her. She was beautiful but lacked discipline and charm. However, she did have potential. She was on her fifth offense. No wonder. 
Not wanting to get too ahead of myself, I turned to face Colin. He stared at me as if he were trying to pick the thoughts from my head. He was nervous. You didn't tell a guy you wanted to talk. They always assumed the worst. 
"Babe, you know I don't care about anybody listenin' to us. I love you. You can tell me anything." 
"I still think we should wait. We can always talk later." I sucked in a deep breath, and then exhaled slowly. 
"I won't be mad Amy. I promise. You can tell me anything. Did I...do something wrong? Are you upset about something...?"  
"Colin just drop it." Losing it, I bit the inside of my lip until a trickle of thick sweet plasma tasted on my tongue. I was ready to go home. I didn't need another strike on my record. 
"I can't just drop it." He wrung his hands through his thick curly hair. "It doesn't work that way and you know it. You put the idea in my head -"
"I think we should break-up -" Shit! I'd wanted to do that different. "Look what you made me do. You moron." I took a step in his direction. He tilted his head to the side, confused. Anger rose up the back of my neck and swelled in my chest. 
"No," someone in my audience yelled. I bit down on my lip again. Hard. Then I took a step back to calm myself. 
I had polished that line. Now it was ruined. I did not have an adequate glimpse of his reaction either. I wondered if my audience had a good view of it. Maybe I could still salvage the moment. 
"I think we should talk about this later." I grabbed him and pulled my chin to his chest. I turned my eyes up in that seductive manner he liked. "I'll come by later. We can talk then. Forget what I said. We can work it out." I thrust my shoulders back and raised my chin, the epitome of self-control and confidence. But a bead of sweat caressed the right side of my face. I never perspired. What was wrong with me? 
"You wanna break-up," he said. I sighed and backed up to the locker to peer at him in disgust. "Why? What did I do wrong?" With rough hands, he jerked me back to his side. "How do you expect me to concentrate after what you just said? We need to talk. Now." His grip on my arm tightened and he dragged me toward the exit. I relented, not wanting to cause a scene in the school.
Once outside in the crisp morning air, he released me. I did not move and neither did he. Though I tried arduously to keep my eyes diverted, I felt his on me. With a lengthy stride, he was by my side and thrust me into his arms. He smothered my face with wet kisses. Shocked, I slapped him across the face. I bit the inside of my lip to stifle a giggle that was forcing its way to the surface. 
"What's the matter with you?" he asked. He starred at me with large dejected eyes. "How could you not love me anymore?" 
"Let's go." I flung his hand away as he offered it for me to hold. Was he serious? I was more than ready to dump him. We walked to his beat up Corolla parked in the student lot. I did not look at him, though I could sense his eyes drift to me every couple seconds. The longer I played this out, the better. I could finally get this right. I could do it. I knew my audience would be rooting for my success.  
Once we reached the car, I climbed into the front passenger seat. I remained as still as stone. I was at a loss for words, though I had practiced what I would say repeatedly. We sat in silence, not looking at one another. 
"You don't love me," he asserted. It was not a question - he was starting to understand. I sighed, relief flooding me. It wouldn't be so hard after all. 
"No. I don't. But, if it's any consolation, I don't love anyone. That's my problem." I looked at him to gage his reaction. Like everyone else I'd revealed this information to, he seemed confused. His brow scrunched and the lines in his forehead were pronounced. Unbelieving. Everyone loved someone they all thought pathetically. 
"What. I...I don't believe that." He shook his head. I could almost see his head collide with his heart through his pathetic expression. 
"Amy was loving. Not me." I waited for this statement to penetrate. Every crevice of my body tingled with excitement. It would all be over soon.
He turned and looked at me, his face scrunched in confusion still. "Why are you talkin' about yourself like that? What's wrong with you? Are you in some kinda trouble or somethin'?" 
"I'm. Not. Amy." I emphasized each word to ensure he understood. "Not Amy. Do you understand that?" Of course, I knew he wouldn't. But it was riveting to see the puzzling scowl on his face. I suppressed another smirk. The potential for a real breakthrough was possible, if I could control myself. 
"Who do you think you are?" He gazed at me with the outline of tears in his eyes. How weak. Males were supposed to be the dominant gender, strong and hard. I broke him easily. I had to put an end to this charade.
"Let me tell you a story," I said. He nodded slightly but made no other move. He watched me with hooded eyes. 
"An advanced human civilization exists in a faraway galaxy called Savoria. Citizens of Savoria come to Earth as part of therapy. On my planet, I'm a Tessorian. On your planet that would be a criminal...a murderer. My anger often gets the better of me and it's highly frowned upon by my people." 
"A murderer...another planet -" He exhaled deeply and clasped his hands on his lap. "What-" 
"I'm almost finished. Don't interrupt me again." I smiled to soften the blow of my words. 
"The purpose of my therapy is to rid me of my toxic thoughts. The patients' assigned therapy on Earth are young. They often infiltrate the school system here for their targets. Back on our planet, our doctors, family, and friends root for us to complete therapy successfully. We call them our audience. We each have a target. We must find them and complete our acts and hopefully the aggression and anger within us dissipates. 
"Each Savorian is the equivalent of a walking television and can manipulate situations to create better scenes. It's become entertaining for my people. But it's still used as a form of therapy. Of course, all of this is unbeknownst to the people here on Earth. We are strictly forbidden from killing or mutilating our targets. That would be the opposite of our therapy. After each 'act' the actors are given the option of recycling, which is wiping the target's memory clean and letting them go. Or sending them home for research." I released a deep breath, as if I'd been holding it the entire time. 
"Are you... joking? That's a sick story." He squirmed and inched closer to the door. 
"I don't get it. If you loved Amy so much how could you not notice the shift in behavior? I made it so obvious. She's been lost to you for some time. She was such a wimp. I took over her body so easily."
He raised his brow and squared his jaw. "I-I...don't know. Where is Amy? My Amy...I mean." 
"She's here. She'll get her body back once I'm through with it. Don't worry?" I smiled over at him. He blinked. Then he ran his tongue across his bottom lip.
"Well...we should get this over with. You're my target, Love." My smile broadened.  
I pulled my receptor from my bag and pushed the red disenthrall button. A cloud of billowing purple gas emanated from two slits that appeared on either side. 
"What the... What're you doing?" His eyes locked on mine and bulged so wide I thought they might explode. "I can't feel anything. What're you doing to me?" 
"My apologies love. I had to etherize you. This could get quite messy if I hadn't."
"Are you gonna let me go now?" His brow creased. "Wipe my memory clean." 
"Um...sorry, I can't recycle you. I'm not certain but I guess it's your eyes. They are far too interesting."
His eyes bulged more and sweat broke out and trickled down his forehead. "I thought you couldn't kill me." 
"I never said I couldn't, silly. But don't worry, I won't. You should be happy you got me and not Jennifer. She would've surely killed you." "Jennifer?" 
"Yeah, she's awful sick. Her birthday party wouldn't have been much fun for you either." His back was pressed into the driver's side door and his jaw was clenched tight. "I think I'll send you to Savoria. For research. I've been in therapy for some time and I've never sent anyone back. But I could never recycle you. Sorry, Love. Don't take it personally. Know that you're performing a good deed. After you've been researched, you'll be used to fertilize our planet to sustain our crops."
I shoved the receptor closer. "Now, hold still. This will hurt terribly, but only for a moment."













The Number 237
My entire day had been a bust.
I had gone out early in search of a costume for the Halloween party over at the Alpha Kappa fraternity house. Everything I found just wasn't my style. There was the whorish nurse, the hooker doctor, the street-walking referee, and the sexy nun.
I decided to make a costume myself. 
Being a reasonably savvy shopper and pretty crafty individual, I figured it couldn't be too difficult. I decided on a traditional Native American ensemble. As I attempted to sew two pieces of fabric together, I stuck myself repeatedly with the needle. Once I was finished with the costume, and had bandages on all 10 fingers, I tried it on. Instead of looking like a proud Cherokee, I looked like a hobo with attitude. 
I went back and got the sexy nun costume.
Once I arrived at the party, I realized that it was a pajama party. I made it to the refreshments table and popped a few cheese curls in my mouth. It tasted like someone had dumped an entire bag of salt on them. My tongue shriveled up faster than I could blink. I grabbed a cup of soda and guzzled it down. Then a girl spun around and asked where her cup went. She glared at me then took a step back and said, “You didn’t drink that stuff, did you?” 
The girl followed me around all night asking me how I was feeling. After fighting off a freshman, a guy I was pretty sure was my professor from my freshman year English lit class, and a very drunk female who kept calling me mother, I decided to leave.
I made it to my car to find a collection of empty beer bottles, soda cans, bags of chips, and two kids who didn't even look like they should be in college, making out across the hood of my car. I pushed everything off including the kids and attempted to start the car. It started right away. The night had grown chilly so I turned on the heat. As soon as I did, the car spluttered and died.
The frat house was approximately 5 miles from my dorm room. And I had on heels. Partway through my trek in the middle of the night, it began to rain. And my habit blew with the gusty wind showing my backside to everyone that passed. 
Once I finally made it to my room, I realized I had left my purse in my unlocked car in front of the frat house. So I had no key to get in my room. Dripping from head to toe, I went back to the elevator to the only RA I knew that would be in. The elevator didn’t work. So I had to crawl down 4 flights of stairs sopping wet. Of course, I had to wake the RA. And she hated me because she caught me kissing her boyfriend a year ago. And he was there also with a half-smile as she berated me for my irresponsibility. 
Once in my room, I scrambled out of my drenched clothes and headed to the showers to clean myself up. Of course, there was no hot water. After taking the coldest and quickest shower of my life, I ran to the sink to brush my teeth. 
Then the lights went off. 
I gritted my teeth pulled out my toothbrush put the toothpaste on the brush and begin to brush my teeth in the dark. Then the lights popped back on. When I looked down at my toothbrush, I realized that I accidentally grabbed my roommate’s illegal cat’s toothbrush and toothpaste. 
I promptly threw up in the sink.
When I made it back to my room, it was just after midnight and I was exhausted. As I got into the bed, I stubbed my big toe on the side of the metal frame. I sat in bed and cried for a good 10 minutes. Then realized that I forgot to take the make-up off my face and I was mildly allergic to mascara – which I wore almost every day. I grabbed the mirror from my night stand and peered at my reflection. My brown skin was ashen, my hair a haystack on my head, and my brown eyes were red and swollen. 
And red splotches had begun to form on my chin as a reaction to the make-up. Then I recalled that just the day before I’d broken a mirror while out shopping with my roommate. I had written off the whole notion of bad luck and superstition. But I couldn't deny the fact that I had the worst day of my life. After tossing and turning for over an hour my eyes finally slipped shut and I fell into a fitful sleep.
I was awakened by a loud noise.
My eyes snapped open. I pushed my arms out to stretch and noticed my roommate staring with large shocked eyes. I followed her gaze to the floor separating our beds. There was a large frame on the floor overturned. I squinted up at her then pulled my gaze back to the floor. My stomach clenched like my intestine had been tied into a knot. I turned the frame over and slivers of a broken mirror fell from the frame and shattered on the floor. 
There was a yellow sticky note that said: how are you feeling. It was signed: you shouldn’t have drunk that stuff.
I glanced back up at my roommate. She shrugged. “I didn't do that, did I?” I asked, fear rising up the back of my throat snatching away the words before I could get them out of my mouth properly.
She didn't have to say anything, her raised brows, and mouth nearly slapping the floor said it all. She shrugged her shoulders again, turned around, and then walked out of the room. I threw my head back to the pillow. 
A small piece of glass must have flown from the shattered mirror because it lodged itself into my right cheek...









About the Author
Dawn Brazil has a degree in English and has always had a love for words. But she had to stumble through a few careers before she decided to do what she loved. She lives in Texas with her husband and three kids and many, many, many books. 
Other books by Dawn:
Finding Me, Young adult, urban fantasy and science fiction; book 1 in the Finding Me series is available for purchase on Amazon and Smashwords. 
Finding Her, a Finding Me companion novella is available for purchase on Amazon and Smashwords.
How to contact Dawn:
Smashwords Interview: https://www.smashwords.com/interview/dawnbrazil
Blog: DawnBrazil.blogspot.com
Twitter: @DawnBrazil
Facebook Page: Author Dawn Brazil	
Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/brazildawn/
