


Be Careful What You Hear


Paul Pilkington



Copyright 2015 Paul Pilkington

British English Edition
British English spelling and grammar used throughout. 

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


www.paulpilkington.com


Cover Design: Jeanine Henning
www.jeaninehenning.com


Also by Paul Pilkington


The One You Love (Emma Holden trilogy, book 1)

The One You Fear (Emma Holden trilogy, book 2)

The One You Trust (Emma Holden trilogy, book 3)

Someone to Save You

Emma Holden and Me



For my family and my readers.


Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Epilogue
Connect with Paul
The One You Love – Sample


1



I stood at the threshold of the low-lit bedroom and smiled warmly at the two people I cherished the most in the world – my husband, James, and our six month old daughter, Grace. James, who smiled back, was kneeling next to the cot, armed with a well-read board book edition of Julia Donaldson’s The Gruffalo. It had become our bedtime story of choice for the past few weeks – so much so that both James and I knew it off by heart. We would sometimes recite it in the darkness, patting Grace to sleep, for what seemed like hours.
‘Hope she goes to sleep quicker than last night,’ I said softly. I’d been up in the room for over an hour that previous evening. Each time I thought Grace had dropped off to sleep, and raised my hand away from her tiny back, Grace had risen up, like one of the undead.
‘Me too,’ James yawned. He looked tired, washed out even.
‘I don’t mind doing it again tonight,’ I offered, stepping back into the room and admiring our daughter as she lay there on her back, zipped up in her baby sleeping bag. I never got tired of baby-gazing. 
Not now the nightmare of the past few months had passed.
James shifted uncomfortably on the carpet. ‘It’s fine, honestly, George, it’s my turn.’
George – James had called me that from the first day of meeting. He was one of only two people who shortened my full name of Georgina – the other being my father.
I tried again, pushing some strands of hair behind my left ear. ‘It’s not like I don’t owe you some nights – many nights.’
In the half-light, I wasn’t sure whether there was a flicker of disapproval on James’ face.
‘I’m fine,’ he said simply, unsmiling. ‘Absolutely fine.’

After quickly getting changed for bed in the next door bedroom, I made my way downstairs in my pyjamas, baby monitor receiver in hand. The baby monitor, which monitored both sound and movement (via a pressure sensor underneath the cot mattress), had been my idea in the weeks leading up to Grace’s birth. James had wondered whether it would add to any parental anxiety, resulting in us listening out for any noise, or obsessing about the ticking icon on the screen’s display to tell us our precious child was still breathing. But he had gone along with my wishes, and faced with the fears of being a new parent, had admitted that he was glad of it.  
I placed the baby monitor receiver on the living room table top and flopped down onto the sofa. The monitor was already on, as I’d developed a habit in the past few weeks of turning it on as soon as Grace was in the cot – a couple of times recently James had forgotten to turn it on, and once we hadn’t noticed this for almost two hours. It sounded stupid, but the realisation that Grace had been up there, unmonitored, had made me feel sick – as if we’d placed her in harm’s way. It wasn’t like that, I knew, but that’s how it had felt.
I reached over and set the volume on the receiver to maximum. James was reading softly, but you could still make out what he was saying – he was nearing the end of the story – the wily mouse was about to scare away the Gruffalo. Closing my eyes, I lay back on the sofa, only then realising when the wave hit me, just how tired I really was. But though I needed the rest, in some ways, I was disappointed to have been rebuffed by my husband. Although getting Grace to sleep wasn’t easy, it was an experience I didn’t enjoy missing out on. I wanted to cherish every moment with our beautiful daughter. Too much time had been wasted already, since she was born – time I could never get back. But it wasn’t fair to deny James his time with Grace – particularly as he was out at work all day.
Maybe that’s why he had reacted the way he had.
Or maybe there was more to it.
James had been acting oddly for the past few weeks. He didn’t seem himself. Most times he appeared completely normal, but there were occasions when he was withdrawn and just looked sad. I’d asked him several times if anything was the matter, but he’d sworn that there was nothing.
I wondered, with dread, whether the events of the first four months of Grace’s life had taken a fatal toll on our relationship. After all, James had coped with a lot – it couldn’t have been easy dealing with a brand new baby and a wife suffering from post-natal depression.
A wife who had accused him of terrible things.
I fought the urge to sleep and instead reached across to the newsletter that had arrived in this morning’s post. It was the Autumn/Winter 2014 edition of the newsletter for the dental charity, Smile! James and I had both worked for the charity, on placement during our dental training. I’d been studying at UCL in London, while James was up in Newcastle, but we had met in the baking heat of East Africa, in a makeshift operating centre in rural Sudan. The centre, run by the charity, carried out emergency dental surgery on the impoverished population. The focus was on children, and I’d lost count of the amount of operations I had performed in my eighteen month placement there.
I leafed through the pages of the newsletter, skim reading the update from the co-ordinator. The ten page publication was mostly filled with images of happy children and dental workers – not just dentists, but nurses and public health specialists. The photos really brought back the memories of my time with them.
Meanwhile, via the monitor, I could hear James upstairs, moving onto the second book of the night – The Hungry Caterpillar. We had a rule that there would be three books, and no more. Grace was of course too young to understand limits, but I had read that setting expectations at bedtime early could head off trouble later on.
Sudan had been a life changing experience for me, in more ways than one. I had met James, a big burly man with a quiet confidence and friendly smile in my second month, just after he had arrived. We had both performed emergency surgery on a four year old boy who had fallen from a tree and smashed his front teeth on the hard ground.   
We hit it off straight away, and three years later were living together in London, partners in a practice in one of London’s most challenging and socio-economically deprived areas, Tower Hamlets. It was a challenge that we both relished – trying to improve the dental health of children whose teeth were some of the worst in the country. Now, seven years later, we owned the practice outright, following the retirement of our colleague, Clive.
But despite the busy workload, we still stayed in contact with Smile! and a proportion of profits from our practice went to the charity.
I let go of the newsletter, finally giving up the fight against tiredness and closed my eyes again, listening to the soothing sound of my husband’s voice.    

I woke with my right cheek pressed firmly against the unforgiving arm of the sofa. Raising my head, I squinted across at the clock on the fireplace. In the low light I could just read the hands. It was nine o’clock, an hour since I had come downstairs. Still lying down, I put a hand to my head, trying to steady myself. I’d never been good at napping, and always felt awful when waking from a short sleep. Once asleep, my body wanted it to be for a long time, and I knew that if I didn’t get up now, there was a high risk that I would just fall back to sleep. But that was no good, as I needed to be up to feed Grace before bedtime.
I sat up, but even then found myself closing my eyes and drifting.
And that’s when I heard James.
‘I’ve made up my mind.’
The sudden sound of his voice shocked me. I opened my eyes and expected him to be in the room, standing over me. But he wasn’t there.
I must have been dreaming. My heavy eyes closed again.
‘I don’t feel life is worth living.’
Again I opened my eyes. Was it coming from upstairs, via the baby monitor? 
‘I’ve decided,’ he continued, the words slow and considered. As I tried to shake off my grogginess, it definitely seemed to be coming from the receiver. ‘We’re all going away, to somewhere where no one can find us – the middle of nowhere. And that’s where it will all end.’


2



I couldn’t believe what I had just heard.
Had I been dreaming?
Grabbing the receiver, finally waking properly, I held it tightly against my ear. But there was no sound coming from upstairs. Not even any sign of movement. I stayed there for a minute or so, watching the second hand of the clock on the fireplace as it ticked.
The words repeated in my mind.
I don’t feel life is worth living…
We’re all going away…
And that’s where it will all end.
Suddenly the phone rang. Its sudden shrill shocked me more than it would otherwise have done. Receiver still in hand, I hurried across the darkened living room into the kitchen. As I did, I heard the familiar creak of the floorboards upstairs as James crossed the floor. He would be coming downstairs in the next few minutes.
I felt uneasy at the thought. Had my whole world changed in such a split second?
Instinctively I turned the receiver off, and placed it behind the photo frame that showed the family at Land’s End on the Cornish coast, at the UK’s most westerly point. The photo, next to the famous Land’s End signpost, had been taken eight weeks ago during our September holiday. The holiday had been a celebration, of an emergence from the darkness and despair of the previous four months. It had been such an uplifting, sun-filled week of fun.
I picked up the phone, noting that the caller display said “Withheld”. ‘Hello?’
The line went dead almost immediately.
I replaced the handset, then picked it back up and dialled 1471. I did this, knowing that it would be a waste of time - if the caller ID on the phone hadn’t identified the number, then this method wouldn’t either. And sure enough, the automated voice confirmed that “the caller withheld their number.”
I shrugged it off and moved to the sink, finishing off the last few dishes that remained unwashed from the evening meal. I rinsed them, reflecting on how far I had come. Just a few months ago a call like that would have sent me reeling.
I would have jumped to conclusions – believing without doubt that the call was from a woman with whom James was having an affair. She’d called, thinking I was out, and wanted to arrange their next liaison.
The post natal depression had brought on a deep, entrenched paranoia, and for a time I hadn’t trusted James at all. In my mind, he was not only having an affair, but was preparing to leave me for a younger woman and take Grace with him. At first, the identity of this younger woman had been a mystery to my paranoid self. But soon I zeroed in on Erika Larson, the twenty-something dentist who had been taken on by our practice to cover my maternity leave. She was young, beautiful, intelligent, and shared our passion for oversees volunteering, having spent a few years in Eastern Europe treating children in care homes run by charities. Erika, and her supposed relationship with James, became the focus of my obsession and insecurity. I dropped by the practice uninvited, thinking I’d catch them. I went through his wallet, scrolled through his text messages, and scoured his email account. Finding nothing was just more proof that he was hiding things well, and was therefore very serious about the affair. By the time I confronted James with the allegations, after weeks of self-consuming dark thoughts, I had even planned to run away with Grace. 
James hadn’t reacted the way I had expected.
I thought he’d be angry and defensive. Or that he’d take the opportunity to come clean, and make his break for freedom with his new woman. But instead, he had talked me down from the heights of despair, and held me tightly as I sobbed into his shoulder. That night was the beginning of the end of the terrible times, and the next day I sought help from our local doctor, accompanied by my husband.
But what about now? I dried the dishes with a clean tea towel, and put them away, considering again what I had heard. 
What I thought I had heard.
I looked over to the photo frame. I was being stupid. I’d been half-asleep and my thoughts had intruded into my reality, fusing the two. I retrieved the receiver and switched it back on, placing it in full view on the sideboard. I looked up towards the ceiling. There had been no further noise from upstairs after hearing James’ footsteps. Maybe he’d gone to the bathroom.
After giving him a few more minutes, I moved to the bottom of the stairs, and peered up into the darkness, listening for any sign of life.
There was none.
I moved slowly up the stairs, not wanting to wake Grace with my ascent. I clicked open the stair gate at the top of the stairs, which we had only just fitted in readiness for Grace’s toddling years. Down the corridor the door to Grace’s room was pushed to, while off to the left our bedroom door was open, with the room pitch black. I could see that James wasn’t in the bathroom, immediately to my left, or the back bedroom, straight ahead of me.
He was either in the main bedroom, or back in Grace’s room. The stillness was unnerving.
I didn’t want to risk disturbing Grace, so I tried our room first, pushing at the door. In the shadows I could see James sat up at the head of the bed, head down. As he lifted his head, the light from the streetlamp directly outside bathed his face in an eerie orange hue.
I pushed the door to behind me as I flipped on the light. James had been crying, and he looked like a little boy who had just been caught out doing something naughty. I took a step closer, shocked at the sight of him, wet faced on the bed. ‘Are you okay?’ I kept my voice hushed, aware that noise carried through the wall between our room and Grace’s.
He nodded, bringing a hand across his face. He squinted at me in the harsh light. I nodded towards the bedside lamp and he reached around and turned that on as I simultaneously switched off the main light.
‘You’ve been crying,’ I said, as I slipped off my slippers and slid onto the bed next to him.
‘I’m okay,’ he replied, brushing one last stubborn tear away. ‘It’s just a stress release, that’s all. It’s been a hard couple of weeks.’
‘You’re thinking about Margaret?’ Margaret Hughes was a dental hygienist at the practice. She’d worked there for fifteen years – well before we had arrived – and everyone saw her as the heart and soul of the place. Two weeks ago she’d come to James with a concern: a black spot on her tongue. James had taken a look immediately, and the initial diagnosis was clear.
Cancer.
Last week, an urgent hospital referral had confirmed that initial fear. Margaret had cancer of the tongue. Further histology, and scans, were required to determine whether the cancer had spread, and what the treatment would be. It was an extremely worrying time, and Margaret had taken some time off with her husband to come to terms with what had happened.
James blew out his cheeks. ‘It’s affected me more than I thought.’
I placed a hand on the back of his head and kissed him softly on the cheek. ‘It’s okay to be upset.’
James gave a slow series of nods, mulling over things. ‘I just hope she’s okay.’
‘Me too.’
We sat there in silence for a minute or so.
‘Was Grace okay going to sleep?’
‘Perfect. No need for a third story tonight.’
I was pleasantly surprised. She rarely went down that quickly. ‘Maybe that walk in the park tired her out.’ The weather had been remarkably mild for early November, and I’d taken the opportunity to go to the local park for a stroll.
‘She was very sleepy.’
I suddenly remembered what had brought me upstairs, and my stomach lurched. But I was now convinced that I had been dreaming. Both alternative explanations were scary - that it had been James saying those things, and planning to do something terrible to us all. Or, that I hadn’t been dreaming, or hearing my husband for real, but hallucinating. Hallucinations, both visual and audible, were serious symptoms of post-natal depression. Thankfully I hadn’t suffered from either during my four months of hell. But what if my recovery wasn’t total? What if the horrors were returning, worse than before?
‘We’re okay, aren’t we?’ I said, looking right into James’ eyes. ‘We’re through the bad times.’
James didn’t hesitate. ‘Of course. The bad times are behind us.’
I smiled as I placed my head on his chest, closed my eyes and listened to his heartbeat.
‘I’ve been dreaming,’ he said, holding me close. ‘Of getting away from it all. Just the three of us. Alone with ourselves, where no one can find us.’
My skin prickled and my body stiffened.
We’re all going away…
And that’s where it will all end.


3



James left at seven, his usual time for heading out to the practice by tube. The ten mile journey from our home in Balham to the practice in Tower Hamlets took around fifty minutes on a good day. But when there was trouble on the lines, which there frequently was, then it could be much longer. In summer, the journey underground would be hellishly hot, as well as packed. James had talked of buying a bicycle, but I’d managed to dissuade him – the fatalities in the capital over the last few years had been enough to convince me that the trek on the tube, although sometimes uncomfortable, was preferable to lying crushed beneath the wheels of a lorry. We did have a car, a six year old Volvo, but rarely used it for travel in and around the city – neither of us liked driving that much, and driving around the city streets was certainly not something we enjoyed. We had toyed with getting rid of the vehicle, but had decided we used it enough to warrant keeping it.
I had woken with a new perspective on the evening’s events. In the cold light of day, it was easier to rationalise what had happened. I didn’t think I had been hallucinating, but neither did I think that what I’d heard had been anything sinister. By the time I had fed and changed Grace, then taken her downstairs, I’d decided that it had either been a dream, or I had misheard in my half-wakened state. Maybe James had been talking to Grace about wanting to get away, just as he had voiced to me just over an hour later, but my mind had confused the words.
It was now just before nine. In an hour I was due to meet my good friend Sophie at one of our favourite cafes in the high street. Then it was on to Bounce and Rhyme, the singing group for parents and babies, which took place at the local library.
I knelt down with Grace, who was lying on the play mat, and let her grasp gently at my fingers.
‘I know I’m incredibly biased, but you’re the most beautiful little person I’ve ever had the privilege to set eyes on.’
She smiled at me, her blue eyes twinkling. With my free hand I stroked her super-smooth cheek. Nature knew what it was doing when babies were designed.
Someone rang the doorbell. 
‘You’ll have to come with me, poppet.’ I scooped up Grace and made my way to the door.
‘Hi, Georgina.’ It was our neighbour, Max. Recently retired from a job in banking, Max and his wife Audrey were back in town between holidays. They’d just returned from a cruise around the Mediterranean, and were due to fly out to Vancouver in three weeks’ time for a trip around the Rockies on the Rocky Mountaineer railroad.
‘Hi.’ Grace nuzzled up against my neck, as I watched Max struggle for the right words.
‘I wasn’t sure whether to tell you now, or wait until James gets home. But I decided it was better to let you know as soon as possible.’
Max’s manner set me on edge. Instinctively I held Grace closer. ‘What’s the matter?’
‘It’s probably nothing, but last night, I was looking out of our bedroom window, at the back, and I thought I might have seen someone in your back garden.’ He looked embarrassed at saying it, as if even then he was doubting himself.
‘You saw someone?’
‘Well, maybe, yes, I think so. I saw something. A figure, possibly. In your back garden. It was dark, I couldn’t really see. I only looked out of the window to see the full moon, and do a bit of star gazing.’
‘You could tell it was a person though?’ He meant well, but his hesitation was frustrating. You don’t tell someone you’ve seen an intruder in their back garden without being sure.
‘Yes, I think so. I’m as sure as I can be. Moving around, near to your back patio area.’
I shuddered at the thought. ‘What time would it have been?’
‘Nine thirty.’
It was when James and I had been upstairs, lying on the bed.
Grace was trying to wriggle away from me, but I managed to bring her back under control. ‘Did you see what they did?’
‘No, I don’t know. I lost them in the dark. That’s one reason why I wanted to come around – so you can check if anything is missing from the back. They might have been after valuables in your shed. Maybe that lawn mower of yours. Sorry, I nearly called the police, but I wasn’t sure whether I’d just imagined it.’
I knew how he felt. ‘Thanks for letting me know. I’ll take a look.’
I said my goodbyes to Max and took Grace through to the back of the house. From the patio doors I couldn’t see that anything had been disturbed. The shed was closed and padlocked. The plants in their pots, dotted around the garden, were still arranged as normal.
‘He probably just imagined it,’ I said to Grace, who was reaching out for the glass of the door. I did a final sweep of the back. The garden was accessible via the side gate. But the gate too was locked. The only other way in was from a neighbouring property – and that seemed an unlikely route in. I shrugged off the possibility that someone had been prowling around our property, and got ready to go and meet Sophie. But I would tell James when he got home, just in case.

***

Sophie was already seated in Allemandi’s, a lovely locally owned independent café on the high street. It had been around for decades, and was still thriving in spite of the competition from the big coffee chains that had muscled in during the past few years. It did the most wonderful cakes, and the owners, third generation Italians, were masters in the art of coffee making.
I nodded a hello to Carl behind the counter as I negotiated the tables and chairs to where Sophie was sitting. She’d already ordered a latte and lovely looking slice of coffee and walnut cake.
‘I’ll get that,’ Sophie said, jumping up and lifting a chair out of my path. ‘Sorry, I should have sat nearer to the door. I made a beeline for the heater.’
It was a cold and frosty morning, and Allemandi’s did have its cold spots, so I didn’t disagree with her choice of table.
‘Aw, she’s looking beautiful, as usual,’ Sophie said, admiring a sleeping Grace as she pulled back the cover of her pram. ‘She’s growing so quickly. She’ll be in the pushchair before you know it.’
‘Hopefully not too soon,’ I said, ordering a coffee and pastry at the table from Carl. ‘I want this time to go on for a while yet.’
Sophie smiled. She was looking great, sporting her recently cropped hair that she now wore in a blonde bob. It took a few years off her, and I must admit it made me slightly envious because I felt older than my years, even though I had recently treated myself to a hair makeover that had replaced the increasing grey with brown. Sophie was also much more fashionable than me, always wearing the latest styles, while I was content to keep my wardrobe fairly static. The fashionable jacket and handmade skirt that she was wearing was brand new, while my woollen top and skirt had been around since the nineteen nineties. I didn’t normally wear them, but I’d still not quite lost all my weight after the pregnancy, and the fashion in the late 1990s was a bit baggier. ‘It’s good to see you happy, Georgina.’
‘In no small part down to you.’
Sophie sipped at her coffee, seemingly embarrassed by the compliment. But she had no right to be. In those first four months after Grace arrived, Sophie had been a massive support – not just for Grace and me, but also James. Sophie and James were old school friends – they’d been through the school system together in Islington, North London, from four years old until eighteen during the nineteen eighties and early nineties. Their families had been close for a time too, as their mothers knew one another from night school. They’d even holidayed together as families during their youth, and Sophie had delighted in pulling out a photo of a six year old James wearing swimming trunks and beaming at the camera, huge vanilla ice cream in hand and smeared around his mouth.
 They’d lost touch after going to university, but had been reunited again at the first meeting of our antenatal group. Sophie and her husband, Michael, had been at the same early stage of pregnancy as us. We hit it off as a foursome straight away, and soon began socialising outside of the official group – visiting each other’s homes, going out for coffees, planning for the arrival of our babies.
And then, at twenty-one weeks, Sophie miscarried.
They were, of course, devastated at the loss of their first child. Not just the loss of the baby, but the future that they had mapped out ahead of them. James and I were naturally cautious people, and had restrained ourselves from buying too much baby paraphernalia, in case it tempted fate. We still didn’t have a pram, or a cot, and we hadn’t prepared the house in any way for an impending arrival. The most we had done was to shop around, considering what we might buy. But Sophie and Michael had gone all out. The top of the range pram/pushchair combo was already bought and assembled, the spare room was filled with unopened packs of nappies, blankets, clothes and cuddly toys, and the nursery was complete.
While Michael closed up on his grief, Sophie threw herself into being my new best friend. And when Grace arrived, and I began to sink into depression, she kept things afloat. She took Grace out for walks, helped with our meals, comforted me, and supported James by doing errands such as shopping for essential supplies. Her self-employed career allowed her to be there for me in a way that she otherwise wouldn’t have been able to be. She ran a successful sewing website and blog, and made money from selling patterns and running classes, as well as bringing in income via advertising on her site and referrals to companies that provided fabric and other things for her creations. She had built up a wonderful business over the years, backed by a dedicated following – her posts to Instagram were devoured by her followers, and there would be hundreds of responses within an hour or so, not to mention even more “likes” and “shares”. She’d never told me how much money she made from the business, and I would certainly never ask, but once she did mention that it was more than she had earned in her previous role as a communications officer for a major clothing company. 
My mother and father had passed away five and three years ago respectively, and James’ parents now lived in Scotland, so Sophie’s availability and unstinting support filled a gaping hole in my support network.
‘Before I forget,’ Sophie said. ‘The meal next week, I’m afraid we’re going to have to cancel. Michael’s got a deadline at work, so he needs to go into the office. Sorry.’ She smiled apologetically. We’d arranged to go for lunch in town a week on Saturday, to a new vegetarian restaurant that had been getting rave reviews – you had to book two weeks in advance to be confident of getting a place at the weekend.
‘Is Michael okay?’ I asked. ‘He looked worn out the other day.’ That was an understatement. He had looked awful when we bumped into them in the street – washed out, drained, and down. Michael was a shadow of the man who had beamed with excitement at that first antenatal class.
Sophie waved it away. ‘Oh, just the usual. Work getting him down.’ He was a financial manager at Aspire Insurance, the Anglo-American multinational. ‘That last round of redundancies has really set him on edge,’ she added. ‘He says he can feel the Grim Reaper over his shoulder.’
I didn’t dispute that work strain might be a factor, but I wondered whether the miscarriage was a factor in his decline. I had wondered more than once whether Sophie’s focus on me might have resulted in her neglecting Michael. ‘Both our men are suffering then,’ I said, taking a gulp of coffee.
‘Oh?’
‘James is really stressed. I found him crying on the bed last night.’
Sophie’s brow knotted, as she toyed with her cake. ‘Do you know why?’
‘Margaret’s cancer diagnosis.’
She nodded at the realisation. ‘Right, of course.’
‘Although, something weird happened last night.’
‘Go on…’
I hesitated. I thought I’d dealt with this already – so why tell Sophie? But I valued her judgement, and she knew James. I guess I’d come to lean on her, maybe too much. ‘I thought I heard him say something strange over the baby monitor last night.’
‘Like what?’
I glanced down at Grace, feeling as though I was betraying her daddy. ‘I thought he said that he wanted us to all go away somewhere, and he was going to end things.’
Sophie looked incredibly serious, saying nothing.
‘I was half-asleep,’ I added, filling the void. ‘I think I either imagined it, or I got the words mixed up in my head as I was waking.’
Still she didn’t say anything. But I suddenly knew what she was thinking.
‘I’d better go,’ I said, fishing around frantically for change in my purse. I dropped the coins on the table and wheeled Grace away.
‘Georgina!’ Sophie called as I reached the door. ‘Please don’t go.’
But I was already outside, and heading for the library.


4



My premature departure from Allemandi’s meant that I was too early for the Bounce and Rhyme session at the library, which started at 11 o’clock. Grace was still asleep, so I decided to head across to the nearest park.
I stood at the edge of the lake, looking out across the water at the birds that were floating on its surface. It was a pity that Grace was asleep, as she loved to watch birds and animals – seemingly fascinated by their movements and behaviour. We would often walk down to the park and circle the lake, trying to spot the heron that frequented the bank on the far side. That side of the lake was reserved for the anglers, and it seemed the heron assumed that as a master fisherman, he had the right to be there. 
Grace was particularly taken by the pair of swans who called the lake home, and she had perfected the art of signing “bird” whenever she saw them swimming past. Baby sign language was a bit of a fad, and I wasn’t convinced of its value, but after attending a class at our local community centre for a few weeks, Grace had already begun to communicate using it. As well as signing bird, she could also tell us when she wanted milk, and even when she wanted to go home. This was well before she could speak, so I’d been converted to the baby-signing cause.
‘Thomas, watch out!’
I turned as a toddler on a balance bike – a small wooden bicycle without pedals – wobbled past, coming precariously close to the water’s edge. He righted himself, wheeling back onto the path that encircled all but the restricted area of the lake. His concerned mother, pushing a baby in a pram, rushed past and caught up, grabbing him by the arm.
‘You shouldn’t go off like that,’ she said, crouching down to give him a hug.
I turned back to the lake, thinking about how I had run out on Sophie. She hadn’t deserved that – not after all the support she had given me. But my reaction had been instinctive, not premeditated. And I knew she would understand. I would call her after Bounce and Rhyme to apologise.
I checked the time. It was now just twenty minutes until the beginning of the session, and I was starting to feel the cold. I could wait out the rest of the time in the library. Who knows, maybe I’d find a good book.

***

As it happened, arriving early was a good idea. I didn’t have any time to browse the shelves for a trashy novel, as there was already a large crowd of parents, babies, and accompanying prams in the part of the library that hosted the singing session. The previous week had been so popular that staff had been forced to turn away several disappointed parents. Its popularity was understandable – it was free, warm, and welcoming.
I parked the pram in an outside area over to the far left – a bicycle shed for prams – and lifted Grace out. She stirred against my cheek. It was time for her to wake up anyway. I positioned myself on the floor, off to the far side of the carpeted area, some way towards the back, being careful not to step on the numerous babies that were exploring the surroundings on all fours. I nodded a hello at a mother whom I recognised from previous weeks.
‘Getting busier each week,’ she said, in a broad Scottish accent – outer Edinburgh if I wasn’t mistaken. Some of my extended family had lived in the city, including a great aunt, and I’d visited them a few times during my early childhood. It was still one of my favourite places to visit – I loved the atmosphere, with the castle, the extinct volcano of Arthur’s Seat, and the sheer history of the place. James fully understood my love for it, and proposed to me during a weekend away there. He brought the ring out while we were standing at the castle wall, overlooking the city, as the sun was just setting. I said yes, and we celebrated with a superb meal of Wild Salmon at The Witchery by the Castle, a nearby restaurant.
I looked over as another four mothers arrived. ‘Yes, it certainly is.’
‘How old is your little one?’
‘Six months old. I can’t believe she’s reached that age already.’ I looked at her child properly for the first time. He was a lovely little boy, with a cheeky smile and a shock of red hair. ‘How about your son?’
‘Just a little older. Archie is eight months.’
‘He’s lovely.’
‘Thank you. So is…’
‘Grace.’
‘Beautiful name for a beautiful girl,’ she said. She then looked at me again. ‘Do I know you from somewhere?’
‘This class?’ I tried. ‘I’ve been coming here for a few weeks now.’
And then I realised where we had met. I felt myself flush. It had been back in the early stages of my depression. I’d taken Grace out shopping and had suddenly, inexplicably, broken down in tears in the local Co-op supermarket. I was slumped against a fridge, clinging on to the pram for support, sobbing. I could hardly see through the tears, but was aware that other shoppers were moving past me. An old lady asked if I was okay, but didn’t probe further when her question went unanswered. And then a woman of about my age, also with a pram, put her arm around my back and guided me into the back staff room. From there, the female manager of the store took over, making me a cup of tea and chatting to me until I had recovered my composure.
I thought of pretending I hadn’t realised, but I sensed from a micro-expression she too had already remembered. ‘In the Co-op. A few months ago. You really helped me.’
‘Yes. In the supermarket.’ She shifted Alfie so he was facing towards her. ‘How are…things? You look really well,’ she added quickly. ‘I wondered afterwards if you were okay.’
She didn’t seem at all uncomfortable, or overly sympathetic, which also put me at ease. ‘I’m fine now. I went through a really rough time. But I’m out the other side.’ I kissed Grace on the top of her head, as she sleepily gazed back at me.
‘That’s great to hear.’

By the time the singing session had begun, Grace had woken up properly. I balanced her on my legs, which were crossed in front of me. There wasn’t enough room to stretch them out, so for the forty minutes I would have to stay relatively still. Grace seemed to love the sessions. She would gaze, mesmerised at the two library workers at the front, who were leading the singing. The two ladies also had a range of props, including puppets. Grace was especially taken with the rabbit, which starred in a song about sleeping bunnies. Halfway through, instruments were handed out, and she absolutely loved waving the shakers around.
I was only half concentrating on the songs. In truth, my mind was elsewhere. I was thinking of Sophie. About how I had reacted, or possibly, overreacted. I had assumed that Sophie was thinking that what I had heard, or thought I had heard, was potentially a return of my mental problems. Maybe though I’d been unfair to her. It could be she hadn’t thought that at all.
Although the look on her face…
The session ended and I gathered our things together, retrieving the pram and heading for the exit. I was thinking of Sophie again when I spotted her, nose in book, by the entrance. She looked up and smiled warmly, immediately setting me at ease after I had run off on her like that.
I smiled back apologetically. ‘You’ve been waiting for me?’
She made a point of looking at the front of the book in her hand. ‘I’m actually getting quite into this. It’s a mystery. They’ve just arrived at their apartment and found someone nearly beaten to death. Oh, and someone else is missing, and they’re not sure whether they’re the one who has beaten the other person up.’
‘Sounds intriguing.’
She placed it back on the “Fast Backs” shelf. ‘I might come and pick it up another day.’
‘I’m sorry for running off on you like that,’ I said, as Sophie turned back to face me. ‘I guess I’m feeling a bit defensive, and upset, about what happened last night.’
‘You mean, you’re worried that…’
We paused briefly as a couple of mothers passed by, including Archie’s mum, who I nodded a goodbye to.
Sophie lowered her voice. ‘You think you might have imagined it?’
We moved outside to a quiet spot just around the corner. Grace appeared content in her pram, playing with her favourite toy of the moment – a small mouse that squeaked when you squeezed it. I stroked her hair gently. ‘I guess I am a bit, yes.’
Sophie mulled that over. ‘Did you mention anything to James? About what you heard.’
‘No, of course not. Why, you think I should?’
‘Probably not. I mean, it’s up to you, of course. But I don’t think it’s a good idea at this stage.’
‘At this stage?’
‘Before you’ve had chance to rationalise things.’
‘So you do think I’m imagining things?’
‘No, I didn’t say that. I just don’t want you, or James, to get hurt, over something for which there’s probably an innocent explanation.’
‘Which is?’
‘You said it yourself – you were as good as asleep when you thought you heard what you heard. It was most likely part of a dream, mixed up with what you could really hear over the baby monitor. Things like that have happened to me before – you know, the radio comes on in the morning while I’m still asleep, or just waking, and I dream of something that they’re talking about. Hasn’t that ever happened to you?’
‘Yes, it has.’
‘If you approach James, he might be okay about it, but you know how upset he was when you weren’t well. He might worry that you are slipping back into something bad – the paranoia, the lack of trust.’
I nodded. Sophie was making sense. What good would it do to talk to James about it, if I had already made up my mind that there was really nothing to worry about?
‘And for the record, I don’t think you are slipping back, Georgina.’ She placed a comforting hand on my arm.
‘Thank you,’ I smiled. ‘So what do you suggest I do?’
‘Try to forget about last night. And try and get some rest. I know it’s hard, with the little princess there to tend to, but if you’re falling asleep downstairs on the sofa like that so early in the evening, then you really need more sleep.’
I laughed. ‘I wish.’
‘Don’t become like Michael,’ she warned. ‘If you don’t respect the need for sleep, then you’re asking for big trouble – your body might just decide to do something that you don’t really want it to.’
‘He’s still got the insomnia?’
‘Oh yes. He’s hardly slept for weeks. Mostly he sits downstairs, watching night time television. Goodness knows what he watches when I’m asleep.’
‘And he still won’t see the doctor about it?’
‘No. As I’ve said before, he doesn’t do doctors. It was bad enough before, but after the, you know…’
I’d never heard Sophie say the word miscarriage. 
‘…well, that’s it for him and the medical profession I think.’
‘I hope he changes his mind,’ I said. ‘Surely he can’t go on like this for much longer.’ I had fears that one day Sophie would call, saying that Michael had fallen asleep at the wheel and killed himself – he had to do a large amount of driving in his role for Aspire, including visiting their other main office in Leeds.
‘I hope he gets help too,’ she replied. ‘But I feel like I’ve done all I can. It really needs to come from him. He has to want to be helped, and I’m just not convinced he does.’


5



The rest of the day flew by – a trip to the supermarket, various household tasks, feeding Grace, and dealing with the results at the other end. Sometimes I wondered what I did with my life before Grace came along. How did I fill my time? But it was easy to forget that before our daughter was born, I had been working full time. And long hours at that. The one problem about working with your spouse is that it can be easy to spend too much time at work. It was usual for both James and I to only return home after eight. Once we had eaten and washed up it was frequently pushing nine thirty – leaving about half an hour, an hour tops, to grab some time to relax, before retiring to bed. 
Grace’s appearance changed all that, and gave me a new perspective on life. I used to wonder how I would cope when I wasn’t working full time in my chosen profession of dentistry. Now, I often wondered how I would cope on returning – in the first four months, I put this down to my anxious state of mind, and my rock bottom sense of self-worth. But in the past two months, in the good times, work seemed even less appealing. Things had never felt so right, and I wanted it to be like this forever.
I hadn’t mentioned these thoughts to James.
‘Hey, George.’ James curled an arm around my waist and kissed me hello as he entered the kitchen. ‘Is Grace asleep?’
‘Half an hour ago,’ I replied, glancing up at the wall clock and clicking off the oven. It had just gone eight. The lasagne had been on a low light for half an hour. 
He pulled an apologetic face. ‘Sorry, I wanted to be earlier.’
‘It’s okay, she was good going down.’ I’d noticed that since my recovery, James had started to return home that little bit later than in the dark times. I wasn’t angry that he had missed Grace’s bath and bedtime. James was normalising his routine, which was a good thing, as it meant that things were getting back to normal. For a time, he would be coming back around half past five, having cut his clinic short. It had just made me feel even guiltier.
He pulled out some plates and slid them under the grill for warming. ‘Yes, but I promised myself that I’d always try to be there for it.’
‘You are most days.’
‘It’s a slippery slope though. I don’t want this to become the new routine.’
‘It won’t,’ I said, returning the kiss. I gestured towards the dining table, which was already laid. ‘You sit down. I can handle this.’
He held up hands in mock surrender, took a seat and sighed.
It got my attention. ‘Tough day? Sorry, I didn’t ask.’  
‘Not particularly; I’m just tired.’
I spooned out the lasagne onto the now-warm plates and added the vegetables from the steamer. ‘Maybe you should get an early night.’
‘Maybe we should get an early night,’ James smiled. 
‘Maybe,’ I smiled. I’d missed that mischievous sparkle in his eyes. Our love life had recently picked up, although it still wasn’t back to how it had been. I wasn’t sure whether that was more about having a young child, rather than any after effects of my mental health problems, and the resulting strain in our relationship.
‘Let’s do that,’ he replied. ‘How about we open a bottle?’
I thought for a second. ‘Why not?’ I wasn’t breastfeeding, so it was okay to drink – I’d had problems with breastfeeding from day one, seemingly unable to produce milk properly, and I had developed extremely painful mastitis in the second week. One of my theories was that it was this inability to feed my child that had sparked the postnatal depression. I had so desperately wanted to do it, and was devastated the first time Grace drank formula milk. I knew it wasn’t my fault, but I felt like I’d let her down terribly, and was ashamed and upset. I cried and cried. And then, my tears for not being able to breastfeed became tears for not being a good mother, then tears for not being a good wife, or a good person.
James grabbed a bottle of our favourite white, from Three Choirs Vineyards in Gloucestershire.
‘To the future!’ James said.
‘The future!’
Just as we clinked glasses, I remembered what Max, our neighbour, had told me this morning. I considered leaving it until later, not wanting to spoil the mood, but I didn’t want to risk forgetting again. ‘Max came around this morning.’
James wanted to speak, but had just forked in a slice of lasagne. ‘You look like you’re about to tell me something bad,’ he said finally.
‘Not bad, just a bit strange. He wasn’t even sure himself.’
‘Of what?’
‘He thought he might have seen someone in our back garden last night.’
James was horrified. ‘What? Someone was in our back garden. Why didn’t you tell me sooner?’
I was caught off guard by the strength of his reaction, and felt the need to defend my actions. ‘He wasn’t one hundred percent sure.’
‘But he said he thought he saw somebody?’
‘Yes.’
James pushed away from his chair and strode across the kitchen towards the patio doors. He swept the blinds across, and cupped his face against the glass, but the back was in pitch darkness. ‘Did he say what they looked like?’
‘No, he could only see shadows,’ I said, moving up to him. ‘As I said, he didn’t seem that convinced.’
James looked me straight in the eye. ‘Convinced enough to come around and tell us first thing this morning.’
‘But he didn’t call the police,’ I countered. ‘If he’d have been that sure…’
‘Maybe,’ he conceded. He cupped his hands again, trying to see, but the glass was already steaming up from his breath. He gave up looking, and instead just stood there for a moment, thinking.
‘Do you want to call the police?’ I asked.
He bit down on his lip, thinking some more. ‘No, it would be a waste of time. First thing tomorrow, I’ll check the back to see if anything is missing.’
‘I already checked,’ I said. ‘The shed is still padlocked. I couldn’t see anything out of place.’
That seemed to settle him. ‘Then maybe Max did just imagine it. But I’ll still take a look myself in the morning. Come on, that lovely meal is getting cold.’

***

James still seemed unsettled during the rest of the meal, and the atmosphere, although friendly, was definitely not romantic. We made polite conversation, about our respective days, but I could see that he was brooding on the thought that there had been an intruder in our back garden.
‘Maybe we should get a security light,’ he said finally, as he gulped down the last wine in his glass.
‘Maybe. But what about the cats? And foxes? We decided it would be more trouble than it was worth – with the light going off all the time.’
He nodded. Coincidentally we’d talked about it just a month ago. The suggestion had been James’, and had come out of nowhere. But he’d quickly been convinced that the number of domestic and wild animals that frequented our garden, meant that a motion sensor light would be forever being triggered. ‘But things have changed,’ he said eventually. ‘That was before we suspected someone has been prowling around outside.’
‘You don’t think it’s a bit over the top? That it might just make us more anxious, every time the light comes on?’
James shrugged. ‘Maybe. But it’s only like the baby monitor we have for Grace – it’s just something extra to give a little bit of reassurance.’
The mention of the baby monitor brought back the events of the previous evening. For a split second I thought of mentioning it to James, but Sophie was right – it would serve no purpose except to worry him. It also would potentially jeopardise our healing relationship. So, I just said: ‘If you think it would help, maybe we should look into it again. Maybe they do systems that only activate when larger things are detected.’
‘How about CCTV?’
I didn’t like the sound of CCTV – one of my all-time favourite books was George Orwell’s 1984, and it just felt too much like that. That’s why I had rejected the idea of a video monitor for Grace. ‘Let’s sleep on it.’

***
 
I prepared Grace’s last milk of the day, and went upstairs to feed her. James said he was staying downstairs for a few minutes, but would be up soon. I didn’t ask him what he was planning to do, and why he’d obviously decided against the idea of an early night. Maybe he just needed time alone to brood over the prowler issue. 
I stood over the cot, gazing down at Grace, who was fast asleep. My love for her was like that of the majority of mothers – total. It had always been that way, even in the depths of my despair. The one consolation that I could take from all that had happened, was that I never let go of her – the emotional bond between Grace and myself remained unbroken. Yes, I had needed help, in particular from James and Sophie, and I had sometimes not been what I considered to be the best mother. There had also been times when I’d been too protective of our relationship, such as when I believed James and the locum dentist were planning to run off with her. But I had been there for her. And I knew that if we had survived that, then we could survive anything.
I gathered her up in my arms, careful not to wake her, and cradled her against my bosom. She was getting heavier week by week, but was still a relatively fragile bundle of joy. I moved across to the area of her room that we had set up as a feeding station – a comfy chair, side table and a nappy changing platform. She fed from the bottle, guzzling down the milk hungrily.
This was my time with Grace. James did take his turn with feeding, but for the most part I liked to do it, and he obliged – correctly sensing that my desire to feed Grace was related to my inability to breastfeed. 
I brushed at Grace’s soft hair, and stroked her ear. ‘You know, little lady, you are my saviour.’ She had got me through my problems. Just a smile from her, a giggle, a knowing look from her perfect blue eyes, raised me. I might have had post-natal depression, but Grace hadn’t been the problem, she had been the solution.
Grace finished her feed and I placed her back in the cot. James still hadn’t come upstairs, and I considered going back down to see how he was. I hoped that he wasn’t just sitting there, thinking about last night, or worse still, standing at the patio doors looking out with fear into the darkness. I brushed my teeth and climbed into bed. It was then that James entered with his laptop. He looked much brighter than before, and I wondered whether he had found a security light on the internet.
‘What do you think about this?’ he said, sliding the laptop towards me.
It was an image of a white cottage, situated right by the sea, on a cliff side. The photo had been taken from a distance, so you could see that the building stood alone on the cliff’s edge. It looked the epitome of isolation. In usual circumstances, this would fill me with joy – I loved being away from it all, which I found to be a perfect antidote to the hustle and bustle of London. But as I looked at the screen, and noted the web address at the top – www.coastalcottages.co.uk – my stomach lurched.
‘It looks lovely.’
He smiled, but it was the kind of nervous smile that set me on edge. ‘I’ve done something a little out of character.’
I shifted in the bed. ‘Like what?’
Again that smile. ‘I’ve booked a weekend away.’
I asked the question, but I already knew the answer. ‘When for?’
He hesitated, which confirmed what I already knew. ‘This weekend.’
We’re all going away…
And that’s where it will all end.
I swallowed, and tried to push my fears below the surface as James waited expectantly for a reaction. ‘But today’s Friday. You booked a holiday for tomorrow?’
James was disappointed by my muted reaction. ‘Yes.’
‘Where is the cottage?’
He seemed crestfallen. ‘Devon. North Devon. I thought it would be great to get away. We had such a great time down there in September. And with everything that’s been going on recently, I just thought, what the hell, let’s take off and get away from it all. Particularly as I was taking Monday off anyway.’
I looked again at the cottage. As I said, normally it would be my idea of a dream. It was only the weird events of last night that was making this seem somewhat sinister – except that I’d already decided that last night was not what it had first appeared to be. ‘Is it child friendly?’
He immediately brightened, sliding up next to me on the bed. ‘I was careful to check. It’s got a cot, and a high chair.’
‘Heating?’
‘Not central heating, but it’s got a wood burner. I looked down the reviews, and there are plenty from families with young children. They said it was fine for them – cosy. And the fire has got a child proof guard.’
I thought for a few seconds. ‘November isn’t my ideal time to hit the coast. What’s the weather forecast like?’
‘Cold, but dry and sunny,’ he replied, without missing a beat. ‘There’s a low pressure system nearby, but they said it’s going to miss where the cottage is. We just need to bring warm clothes to wrap up in.’
‘Well, you’ve certainly done your homework.’ I clicked through the various images on the site. The inside of the cottage looked fantastic. It had been done up very nicely. I could really see ourselves sitting there, by the fire. In a way, it was a pity it would be just for the weekend. But James had a full list on Tuesday, so would need to be back by Monday evening at the latest.
‘I guess you wouldn’t be able to get your money back,’ I said. I was teasing slightly, but also wanted to gently make the point that I didn’t really welcome such surprises.
‘Err, no, not at such short notice.’
‘It’s okay,’ I said, regretting my teasing. ‘Let’s do it. But packing is going to be a bit of a nightmare. Maybe we’d better do some now, before we go to bed.’ I twisted around to the clock radio. It was gone eleven.
James smiled and kissed me deeply. ‘How about we just pack in the morning?’
I kissed him back. ‘Okay, Mr Adams, but we’ll regret it tomorrow.’
He grinned. ‘It’s been a long time since you’ve said that.’


6



I lay awake in the darkness. James had fallen asleep, but I was struggling to find peace. My mind was racing. James’ decision to book the last minute break had unnerved me. Not just because of my deep down concern about what I had thought I had heard over the baby monitor, but also because I didn’t really like such surprises. I was a planner, and liked to be strategic about things like holidays. I would spend at least a week before going away getting things ready in my head; making sure we had the right clothes, the right equipment, and the right supplies. Now we had Grace, I was even more meticulous. We had to think about feeding equipment, changing mats, nappies, bath wash, her clothes, sheets, baby sleeping bags, and the monitor. The list went on. So as I stared at the ceiling, I realised that there was only one way to get to sleep, and that was to surrender to my nature, get up, and begin planning.
I slipped out of bed without James even stirring, and padded out of the room. The heating had only gone off half an hour ago, but already there was a chill in the air as I crossed the landing and crept downstairs. I sat down at the breakfast table in the kitchen, armed with a pen and my trusty notepad – it was in this that I wrote my daily and weekly lists. I’d always been a ferocious list maker, ever since I was little. It was the way I organised my life, and I’d be completely lost without it.
I started listing the items that we would need for the weekend. I cursed silently that I hadn’t saved the list from our holiday in September. That would have been the sensible thing to do. But no matter. I soon had a list that I was happy contained most if not all of the things that we would need to squash and squeeze into the car for the long trip across to the South West. I glanced up at the wall clock – it had only taken me half an hour.
Tap!
I stiffened at the noise from outside. It sounded like something had tapped on the patio doors, off to my right, shielded by the curtains. I found myself holding my breath, as I waited for the noise to come again.
Tap! Tap!
‘My God,’ I whispered. I didn’t dare move. Was it the wind, kicking up some stones or sticks against the glass?
Except I hadn’t noticed that it was windy outside. Normally when the wind was strong you could hear it whistle across the top of our bedroom window. I looked up at the ceiling. I was directly below our bed, where James was sleeping
I made to stand, deciding that I would head back upstairs and assume that the noise was just something natural. I’d just reached the door, when it was there again.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
I looked back again towards the curtains. I could still just turn around and go upstairs. But instead, I inched towards the patio. I grabbed at the curtains and hesitated.
What the hell was I doing?
I flung back the curtains and jumped back at the sight of the creature looking in from the other side of the glass.
‘What the…?’
It was a seagull. The bird tapped twice on the glass, as if wanting to confirm that it was indeed the source of the noise. I’d never known seagulls to be hanging around gardens in the middle of the night. The creature cocked its head, observing me. I must have looked equally intriguing to it. I wondered whether it was hurt. That could certainly explain why it was where it was – it could be taking shelter, resting from an injury.
Relaxing, I crouched down and touched the glass just next to the bird. It brought its beak right up to the glass, and it felt like we were connecting. But then, as if startled, it shot skywards, arcing into the air and away. 
It was then that I saw the cottage.
I cupped my hands against the patio glass. ‘What is this?’ Out ahead the garden now stretched some hundred metres or so downhill into the darkness. And then there was the cottage, at the edge of the cliff side. I could see light coming from a window. 
I slid open the doors and jumped down onto the grass. A strong, salty sea breeze hit me hard across the face. I ran downhill against the wind, towards the cottage. Now I was closer, I could see smoke rising from the chimney, and someone moving across the lit window. 
I wasn’t sure if they had seen my approach.
As the cottage neared, I realised just how close to the edge of the cliff it was. It was barely a few metres away from a vertiginous drop down into the sea. Waves crashed and smashed on the rocks below.
I turned back towards the cottage and rapped on the door. I heard scraping of a chair across a floor, and the sound of footsteps coming closer.
The door was yanked open.
‘James?’ I said, as my husband looked back at me vaguely. ‘What are you doing here?’ 
‘Waiting for you,’ he replied, unsmiling. He stepped towards me, but something about his manner made me take an instinctive step back. I realised I was too close to the cliff’s edge to retreat any further, and wobbled on the spot. Suddenly the sound of the crashing waves seemed deafening.
‘James, you’re scaring me. Can we just go inside?’
I heard the cry of the seagull, which whirled overhead.
James smiled, but it wasn’t a smile that I recognised. ‘This is such a perfect spot to end it all.’
‘Please, James, let’s just go inside the cottage.’ I attempted to step back towards him, but he met me halfway, bringing his hands up, palms facing me. 
‘Time to end the pain.’ He stated. ‘The pain for both of us.’
I shook my head. ‘We’ve got through the bad times. We can move forward now, you, me and Grace.’
He shook his head ruefully. ‘No, it’s just you and me now.’
Anger and fear flared in equal measure, as a particularly strong gust of wind buffeted me, forcing me to fight my ground. ‘What have you done with her?’
‘Come here, George.’ He took another step forward, and then pushed out with both hands, sending us both flying over the edge, into the abyss. 
I woke in a panic, totally disorientated. But then there was intense relief, when I realised that I had fallen asleep at the breakfast table. On the table was my completed list of items to take on the holiday. The pen had rolled off the table’s surface and lay on the floor. I bent down to pick it up.
Tap!
This time it was real. But I wasn’t going to stop and find out what was making the noise. Instead I ran back upstairs, sliding under the covers and wrapping my arms around James, who was still sleeping soundly. I considered waking him, and telling him what I had heard downstairs. But by the time I had weighed up the pros and cons of disturbing his slumber, I’d fallen asleep.

***
  
Despite my disrupted night, my body clock woke me early and I had time to shower before feeding Grace. As I watched her sucking on the bottle, I thought back to the dream. It had seemed so real. And then there was the tapping sound that I had heard upon waking. Maybe that noise, whatever its cause, had entered my subconscious when I’d fallen asleep. My busy brain had then found its own explanation for the tapping, merging it with the holiday, which of course was the last thing I had been thinking about before falling asleep. 
You also didn’t need to be a dream doctor to explain why I had dreamt about James pushing me over the edge of the cliff. No matter how hard I tried to push away the fears that came from what I thought I’d heard over the monitor, they were still there.
‘Hi,’ James said, standing at the door to Grace’s room, rubbing his forehead sleepily with the palm of his hand. He was still in his pyjamas, and his hair was messy from sleep. ‘You were obviously up bright and early.’ He moved across and touched Grace lightly on the cheek, while simultaneously kissing me on the top of my head.
‘I was up last night too,’ I revealed.
‘Oh?’
‘Went downstairs and wrote out a list for today.’
‘I see.’
I shrugged. ‘I couldn’t get to sleep.’
He nodded. ‘I’m just going to jump in the shower. Then I’ll get going with packing.’
I took Grace into our bedroom while I got some of our things ready. She was happy on her play mat, grabbing at the toys I’d distributed near to her. I thought James was still in the shower, but I heard a noise outside and from our upstairs vantage point saw him in the driveway, circling our car. He was prodding a foot against the wheels.
I opened the window. ‘Is everything okay?’
He looked up, looking perturbed. ‘I’ll need to pump up the tyres.’
I was sure he’d only done it a few weeks ago, but I didn’t question him from the window, as I spotted Max walking past, taking an interest. So instead, I resumed packing, checking that Grace was still happy. It was still relatively safe to take my eyes off her for a minute or so, as she wasn’t yet at the crawling, or even rolling stage. But I didn’t like her out of my sight for long. I’d heard stories of even very young babies who had suddenly started crawling for the first time, and had got into danger right under the noses of their unsuspecting parents. In one horror story reported in the local press, a baby not much older than Grace had crawled out of an open front door and right into the path of a car, being reversed out of the garage by her mother. Thankfully the father, who was in the house at the time, realised just in time and frantically waved the car to a stop, just inches from the baby.

***

‘You okay?’ I asked James, as I stood at the front door. Grace was twisting and turning to see what daddy was doing.
He was pumping away at the back tyre. He paused and looked up. ‘It’s fine. Just getting sorted for the long journey.’
I looked at the base of the tyre. It actually did look flat against the ground. James saw me looking and his face registered something which made me suspicious. I stepped onto the driveway and peered around to the other back tyre. That one was obviously completely flat. Last year I had been driving when a nail had shredded one of my tyres, leaving a gaping tear. The damage was so bad that the RAC couldn’t repair it. This tyre looked flatter than on that occasion.
I checked the front tyre. That appeared to be okay, but James had been out there for a while, so he’d probably already pumped it back up.
James got to his feet, wiping off the dirt from his hands with a rag. ‘They were all like that,’ he revealed. ‘All completely flat.’
‘Really? Who would do that?’
He shrugged. ‘Kids, probably.’ He made a show of glancing up and down the deserted street, as if the guilty parties might have hung around. ‘I guess we’re on one of the main routes from town, and with it being Friday night last night.’
I pulled Grace closer. I didn’t like the idea of someone doing something malicious to us like that. Even though in the grand scheme of things, it was on the much lower end of the scale of antisocial behaviour. But with that coming on top of the back garden prowler sighting, it was certainly enough to unnerve me. I couldn’t help asking James the question: ‘You’re not worried that it’s got something to do with what Max saw?’
The thought obviously hadn’t occurred to him. ‘You think so?’
‘I hope not. But it’s two weird things in as many days.’
Make that three…
James rubbed at his stubble, looking at the car. He often went unshaven when we were on holiday in the wild countryside, aiming for the rugged look. I liked it for a change. ‘As I said, I think it’s just kids messing around. I used to do that sort of thing when I was young.’
‘You?’ I was amused, as I’d never thought of James as being a trouble maker. He was a stickler for the rules on most things.
‘Nothing terrible. Things like knock and run, budding windows…’
‘Budding windows?’
I was embarrassing him now, but I genuinely didn’t know what he meant. ‘Throwing rose buds at windows. You know, you pull them off the roses, throw them at the neighbours’ windows, and run off before they see you.’
‘James Adams,’ I chided in jest. I bounced Grace up and down, and she giggled with delight. ‘Grace, I don’t want you doing anything like that when you grow up.’
‘She won’t,’ James replied, stroking one of her hands. ‘Because she’s not a boy.’
‘Too right,’ I smiled. Grace smiled too. Maybe she got the joke.
James touched me lightly on the arm. ‘Seriously though, George, try not to worry about the tyre thing. I know it’s unsettling, but I really don’t think there’s anything terrible behind it.’
‘You weren’t going to tell me about it, were you?’
‘No. Because I knew you’d worry.’
‘Fair enough. Have you checked the back garden yet?’
‘Yes, I did a quick walk around before I noticed the tyres.’
‘And?’ I brought Grace closer to my body, realising that it was a bit colder than I’d thought. I would have to get Grace inside soon, as she only had one layer on.
‘And nothing had been taken. As you said, the shed was locked, nothing was out of place. So maybe Max was seeing things.’
‘Did you ask him? I saw him walking past before.’
‘He asked if we’d decided to call the police. Seemed a little disappointed when I said we hadn’t.’
‘You’ve decided we shouldn’t?’
‘I don’t think there’s much point,’ he replied. ‘There’s no evidence out there – no footprints. Nothing taken. I can’t see what they would do.’
‘What about the security light?’
‘I’ll look into it some more when we get back from the weekend away. I’ve calmed down now about it. We don’t want to overreact.’
James’ calmness about the situation made me instantly relax. ‘I’ll let you get on with the tyres,’ I said, ‘it’s colder out here than I thought for Grace. And we’ve got quite a lot of packing to do.’
James nodded. ‘One piece of not so good news. I checked the weather app this morning. Looks like that depression has changed course. Better make sure we pack our waterproofs and a couple of umbrellas.’


7



Necessity is the mother of invention, and the limited amount of time I had for packing meant that I limited my time packing. Within two hours, everything was packed and in the car. I can’t say that the morning hadn’t been stressful, but it was liberating in some ways to be forced to go against my normal preference of advance preparation.
I had heeded James’ warning and had packed all manner of waterproof clothing, for us and Grace. Not that I was too keen on taking Grace out if it was too wet. I didn’t really sign up to the old wives’ tale that you would catch a cold through getting wet, but it didn’t seem sensible to expose a baby to such harsh elements. The umbrellas I thought would be downright dangerous – umbrellas, strong winds and a cliff side location weren’t a good mix. But I’d packed them anyway, in case we needed them en route.
‘We’re making good time,’ James noted, as we cruised down the motorway at a constant sixty five. The weather was still bright and dry, with the wet and windy conditions only due to hit our destination during the early hours. I still hoped the forecast might change again, giving us a reprieve. Grace was asleep in the backward facing car seat, and I was sitting next to her. She’d lasted just ten minutes before closing her eyes – the roll of the car and noise of the engine was much more effective at inducing sleep than our stories had ever been. We’d actually resorted to taking Grace out at night for a drive once or twice, when getting her to sleep the natural way had proved impossible. But we’d resisted that becoming a routine, as it did with some couples, as it was just storing trouble up for later.
I looked at my watch. ‘How long have we been travelling?’
‘Just over two hours,’ he said, meeting my eye in the rear view mirror.
‘We’d better stop soon. Grace will need her feed, and you could do with a rest. We can grab some lunch there too.’
He nodded. ‘We just passed a sign - there’s a services in ten miles. They’ve got a Marks and Spencer. We can stop there.’
‘Sounds good.’
‘I’m sorry,’ he said, meeting my eyes again in the mirror.
‘Sorry. For what?’
‘For springing this on you like that. I know you normally don’t like surprises, and it wasn’t really fair of me to just go and book it at such short notice.’ He glanced at me with concerned eyes.
‘It’s fine,’ I said. ‘I’m really looking forward to it.’ Maybe he was worried that I was hiding my true feelings; burying any anger I felt about the last minute holiday until the weekend was over. But in truth, it wasn’t like that at all. Yes, it wasn’t my normal way of doing things. However, I could understand why he had done it. He’d been stressed recently, I could tell. A large part of that was probably the hangover from my problems, part was no doubt down to Margaret’s illness, and maybe the rest was just life getting to him. Whatever, this weekend away could surely only do us good.
Unless of course what I’d heard on Thursday evening had been real. I shook that thought off once again.
But as if reading my mind and deliberately choosing to mess with my head, James said. ‘It all ends this weekend.’
‘Excuse me?’
‘Oh, it’s okay,’ he said, indicating as we approached the services. ‘I was just talking to myself really.’
But I couldn’t let it go. Not those words. It was just too creepy to leave it hanging like that. ‘I don’t understand what you mean. What ends this weekend?’
Grace began to stir, woken by hunger or possibly the tone of her mother’s voice as I struggled to sound nonchalant in the face of my fears.
James was concentrating on our approach to the service station, and didn’t appear to have really heard me as he negotiated the slip road and turned first right, then left, into the parking area. We pulled to a stop, just as Grace opened her eyes and began to cry.
My question hadn’t been answered.
We headed for the main building, queued up at the buffet style restaurant for some overpriced food, and I warmed Grace’s bottle.
‘You still didn’t tell me what is ending this weekend.’ I waited until we had almost finished the meal before raising the subject again – trying my best to make it sound as relaxed as possible.
James finished the last of his toasted bagel, before washing it down with his coke. ‘The stress,’ he said. ‘And negativity. I was making a promise to myself that it all ends this weekend. I want to get back to how things were.’
I wasn’t sure I was totally convinced by his explanation, but it sounded reasonable. He had though given himself almost half an hour to come up with that answer. I decided to probe a little more. ‘How things were before what?’
His pause was slightly unsettling, as was his serious expression. Maybe he just hadn’t understood the question. ‘Before things went wrong,’ he said, finally.
I think I understood. I couldn’t help but look away. My eyes met those of an older woman who was sitting at the next door table, pouring a cup of tea.
James surprised me by reaching out and taking my hand. ‘Don’t you dare blame yourself – none of this is your fault.’
I looked back at him, feeling a little uneasy that we were having this conversation in a public place, and in front of Grace, who was watching me from the high chair. I was sure that she could sense tension, but she didn’t look upset yet. ‘I can’t help it, James,’ I said, in as low a voice as I could. I glanced across at the older lady. She had been joined by a man who was probably her husband, and they were chatting. There was no one else within earshot. ‘I know I’m not to blame, I know it was an illness, and I was a victim. But you were a victim too, and Grace, and it was all just so unfair on you both.’
‘Grace is fine,’ James replied. ‘Just look at her. She’s a beautiful, happy, thriving little girl. Who do you think that’s down to?’ Grace smiled a big two front teeth smile at me, right on cue.
‘You, mostly,’ I said, taking Grace’s hand. ‘And Sophie.’
James shook his head in frustration. ‘No, George, it’s mostly down to you. Even in the worst of times, you refused to abandon her. You were there for her, George, when a lot of people in your situation might have crumbled.’
I shrugged. ‘There were times when I wanted to curl up and die.’
‘I know, but you didn’t.’
‘Because of you and Sophie. Without both your support, I might not be here now.’ I’d always been a strong person, but the illness had stolen that from me. I really wasn’t sure what I would have done, if I had been without those two.  
‘You think too much of me,’ he stated. Now it was his turn to look away.
‘How can you say that?’
He ran a hand across his face. And suddenly, he seemed the person in need of support.
I thought he was going to say something, but he seemed to stop himself. He made to stand and I grabbed at his sleeve. ‘Let’s talk about this properly.’
‘Not here,’ he stated sadly.
I looked around. He was right. This was not the place to have such discussions, even if he had been the one to initiate it. Another couple of tables near to us were now occupied, and I suspected that the old lady had been taking an interest in our conversation during the past few minutes, judging by the way she averted her eyes as she met my gaze. ‘Then as soon as we get back to the car.’
‘Let’s just enjoy this weekend,’ he said. ‘Please,’ he said, looking to where I was still holding his sleeve. ‘I need to go to the toilet before we set off again.’
I let go and he gave a small, solemn nod of appreciation. I watched as he crossed the floor, heading for the toilets. He had looked so sad. I reflected on how good things had been in September on our first trip to Devon. James and I had revelled in being happy again. Everything was looking brighter. And yet now, it was as if we had regressed; slipping back into the mire. 
What had happened to us to cause such a setback?
Maybe James had been hiding his true feelings back then. It was plausible that he could have been putting on a brave face for my benefit – desperate for me to continue my recovery. In that way, the holiday happiness would have been a sham. Except it had never felt like that. I really didn’t think that James had been faking it.
So something had changed between then and now. The question was, what? Maybe Margaret’s cancer diagnosis had been the final straw.
And then, yet again, the conversation over the baby monitor came back to haunt me. The words that I thought I had heard weren’t that dissimilar to the things that James had said to me over the past hour.
Certainly the talk of things ending…
‘I’m getting paranoid again,’ I said to Grace. She looked at my quizzically. ‘Your mummy is just being silly,’ I explained. ‘Tell her not to be so silly.’
But then I had a thought. I mused over it for a minute, then pulled out my mobile. 
Less than a minute later, the deed was done.


8



Just two hours later, with one more short comfort break, and we were nearly there. We exited the motorway and travelled cross country on increasingly narrow roads. I don’t know what it is, but there’s something about approaching the coast that builds up a sense of anticipation like nothing else. And the first glance of the expanse of water stretching out as far as the eye can see, flooding the horizon. It never fails to excite me. It’s probably from childhood, when my parents would take me on regular holidays down to the south coast resorts of Brighton and Bournemouth.
But maybe it’s also that sense of difference. For a girl growing up in the grime, clutter, and sheer pace of London, the coast offered something of great contrast. Space for one, bracing sea air, and an element of the unknown.
‘Almost there…I think,’ James said, as we came to a stop at a T-junction which had come minutes down a single track lane, flanked on either side by tall hedgerows. He squinted at a small, worn signpost that seemed to sprout from the hedge. ‘I think it’s right,’ he said, none too convincingly.
‘Fifty-fifty chance,’ I said, turning the next page of the picture book that I was showing to Grace. She’d been awake since the services, and I was glad I’d brought what seemed like a whole library of books with us. She loved books, even more than her cuddly toys, and would gladly stare at words and pictures rather than grab at bears and bunnies that squeaked and rattled.
‘I think it’s right,’ he said, and we started to pull off.
‘James, stop!’
He slammed on the brakes as a tractor rumbled past from around the blind corner, almost skimming our front bumper as it crossed our path. The force threw me against the locked seat belt. Immediately I turned to check on Grace, but she was fine.
‘Bloody hell,’ he muttered, leaning against the steering wheel. He looked back. ‘Are you two okay?’
I nodded. ‘It’s got my pulse racing a bit. Grace is none the wiser. She just wants me to turn the page.’
‘I’ll try not to crash before we get there,’ he said, deadpan.
‘If you can manage it,’ I joked back in a similar deadpan fashion. James had returned from the toilets a different man to the one who had walked off, just five minutes earlier. If anything, for the rest of the journey he’d appeared overly happy. I hadn’t mentioned any more about our conversation. He had wanted to leave things, so that’s what I had decided to do.
The lane headed down steeply.
‘Aren’t cliffs usually high up?’ This time I was only half-joking. It did seem that we may have chosen the wrong way.
James didn’t avert his eyes from the twisting road, probably still all too aware of how close we had come to crashing into the tractor. ‘I must admit, they looked pretty high on the picture.’
But within seconds, we had begun to climb again. And then the lane opened out from between the hedgerows and in front of us, a wild expanse of sea.
‘Wow,’ I said. ‘What a view.’
‘There she is,’ James gestured, off to our right, as he increased the gas slightly with a clear road in front of us. Now out in the open, the wind gusted stronger and buffeted the car. But it was bright with the breeze. At least the storm hadn’t arrived.
Yet.
I had to admit that the location was stunning. ‘It looks beautiful,’ I said, looking across at the place that was to be our residence for the next forty-eight hours. The white cottage was even closer to the edge of the cliffs than it had looked on the website. It appeared to be balanced precariously at the point of two cliff faces - although I presumed that our angle of approach, from behind, made it seem that way. I peered off down the coast as far as I could see, and then back along the coast to our left. There were no other buildings to be seen. 
Talk about secluded.
I couldn’t help but be reminded of my dream as we neared the cottage. But unlike then, there was no light on, no smoke from the chimney. And James was with me, not lying in wait inside, plotting our deaths. 
We parked up next to the cottage, and James made a point of cranking the handbrake up more than usual. We had stopped just twenty metres or so from the cliff’s edge. I must admit it made me nervous, particularly being with Grace. There was no fence, no safety rail, just a long, lonely drop down to the rocks and waves below.  
Certainly if you were looking for a place to end it all, without witnesses, or mess, then this was it.
James cut into my morbid, treacherous thoughts. ‘I hope this cliff doesn’t suffer from coastal erosion. You remember a few years ago, that hotel somewhere up in the North East – Scarborough I think – just fell into the sea overnight. Metres of cliff side slipped away in a bad storm. They just had time to evacuate.’
‘Thanks,’ I replied. ‘That’s made me feel lots better.’
‘Sorry.’
We climbed out and found the key in the secure safe just beside the front door. I held Grace close to me as the wind whipped past, while James fumbled with the lock.
‘Got it,’ he said, pushing open the door and stooping to pass through. I followed inside, short enough not to have to duck. The door slammed shut behind me, caught by the breeze. I half-expected the cottage to rattle, but it seemed pretty solid. It was also beautifully furnished. The front door led right off a small but lovely kitchen, whose window looked right out to sea. The kitchen was modern rustic, with a variety of appliances including smart cooker, washing machine and dishwasher. We walked through the low height doorway and into the living room. It too was beautifully presented, with a lovely ornate fireplace.
‘The wood burner,’ I said. I smiled as I imagined snuggling down on the plush, ruby red sofa with the fire roaring, watching a movie from the collection of DVDs that I could see by the television. 
James rubbed his hands together. ‘We’ll get that going when we’ve unloaded. It’s pretty chilly in here.’
I nodded, then went to check out the remaining rooms. There was the bathroom, and two bedrooms; a master bedroom, and a smaller room that contained the cot. 
We grabbed the bags from the car, and within twenty minutes had unpacked and made ourselves at home, with the kettle on and the fire lit.
‘So, you like it?’ James asked, cupping his hands around a mug of tea as he perched on the edge of the sofa next to me, both of us enjoying the warmth of the fire.
‘It’s lovely.’ I watched the flames flicker. ‘Do you like the colours, Grace?’ Grace was on my lap, and although there was a fireguard – an ancient, heavy iron affair that looked like it posed a danger of crushing should it fall - she was going to stay within my grasp for as long as the fire was burning. She reached out longingly, from a thankfully very safe distance, and I saw the reds and yellows dance in her mesmerised eyes.
James glanced across again. ‘A good decision then? To book the break?’
‘As long as we don’t slide into the sea overnight.’
‘Of course. That would really spoil things.’
We both laughed, holding the gaze between us.
‘I wonder if the storm is still going to hit,’ I mused. ‘Maybe we’ll be spared. What does it say on the weather app?’
‘When I last checked, back at the services, it said definitely overnight. But we won’t be able to check now.’
‘Why?’
‘No signal.’
‘No internet on the phone? What about Wi-Fi? Don’t these places usually have a Wi-Fi router?’
He looked apologetic. ‘Not this place. I meant to tell you. It’s out of the way – there’s no broadband for miles. There’s no mobile reception either.’
‘What? Not even for normal calls?’
‘No. It mentioned something on the website. I thought it might be network dependent, and ours is usually pretty good. But I checked my phone when we were unloading, and there’s no reception at all.’
‘Oh.’ I know it shouldn’t have bothered me that much. Ten years ago the majority of the population didn’t have mobile phones, and internet on demand. But that might as well have been a lifetime ago in terms of how we now feel about being connected. To contact, and be contactable, now seemed as necessary as air, food and water. It was sad, but true. ‘But there’s a telephone?’
‘Half a mile down the coast. There’s a small provisions store.’
‘But what if something happens, and we need to ring for help?’
‘We drive?’
‘What if it’s the middle of the night?’
‘We still drive. Look, George, I’m sorry. I should have told you. As I said, I thought, naively, that our phones would work. If you don’t want to stay here, I’ll completely understand.’
I put a hand to my head and thought. ‘Okay, I get it. It’s a retreat away from civilisation. It’s only two nights. Half a mile you said, to the nearest phone box?’
‘Yes. I know exactly where it is, too. Checked on Google. You just go back the way we came, but turn left and it brings you out at the store.’
‘I’d feel better if we checked it out before it gets dark,’ I said. ‘And we could do with picking up a few extra supplies. We’d been warned to bring food with us, and the owners had left some fresh items in the fridge, but there was only a pint of milk. I’d also forgotten to bring any tea bags. I could have lived without both until morning, but I really wanted to know where this place was.
‘We’d better get going now then, it will be getting dark in an hour or so.’

The store was easy to find. Although I did wonder just how easy it would be in the dead of night, with no lights except the headlamps. The store stood on the corner of two intersecting lanes, all on its own. I noted the phone box outside, and actually checked that it was working by lifting the receiver and listening for the dialling tone. I wasn’t so paranoid that I actually tried to call somebody on it, but I thought about it.
Inside the store was on the small side, but packed with all manner of products. A bespectacled woman behind the counter said hello as we entered, smiling as she spotted Grace wrapped up on my front in the fabric baby carrier. We returned the greeting and perused the stock. I found the milk and added two pints to my basket, and I got the tea bags, deciding to splash out on a local Devon brand. James was obviously feeling hungry, dropping a large bag of sea salt and malt vinegar crisps into the basket.
‘Just arrived?’ the woman smiled. On first glance, I’d placed her older, but now she looked to be in her fifties. From her accent, she was obviously a local.
‘Yes, this afternoon,’ I said, standing by the till. James had said he was going to get some fresh air while I paid. ‘We thought we’d get in some supplies before the bad weather hits.’
The woman nodded. ‘Supposed to be a nasty one. You know, those weather people, only the other day they said it wouldn’t hit us at all. And then they change their minds.’ She shook her head as she punched in the prices of the items into an ancient looking till. There was no use of barcodes here. ‘I’d recommend battening down the hatches, and hopefully by morning it will have come and gone,’ she added.
‘That’s what we thought.’
‘So who’s the lovely lady?’
‘Grace. She’s six months old.’
‘Beautiful,’ she cooed. She looked across at the till. ‘That’ll be ten pounds and thirty pence, please.’ She took my fifteen pounds worth of notes and scooped out the correct change. 
‘So,’ she said, handing me back my change, ‘whereabouts are you staying?’ 
‘The little white cottage, right on the coast.’
‘Ah, Cartwright Cottage.’
‘Cartwright Cottage? I didn’t know it was called that.’
‘It isn’t. Not officially. It used to belong to Elsa Cartwright. My family have lived in this area forever, and if you know this area, you know the story.’
‘Story?’ I spotted James peek inside at me through the glass door, presumably wondering where I was.
‘Back in the late nineteenth century. Her husband, Richard, was a fisherman. They’d only been married a year when he was lost at sea. She bought the cottage, and spent all her time looking out for him, hoping that he’d reappear out from the waves. For years she could be seen sitting in front of the cottage, until the day she died. He never did come back. And they never found a body.’
‘That’s a really sad story.’
‘It gets sadder.’
I wished really that she hadn’t told me it. I’d never been one for such tales. I was easily spooked. So I was half-expecting her now to add in an epilogue, featuring the ghost of Elsa Cartwright, who visitors to the cottage would sometimes sense, and maybe even see…
‘There were rumours that Richard never went to sea at all that day. Some people claimed that he’d set the whole thing up, so that he could run away with a mystery women whom he’d met.’
‘No way?’
The bell rang as James re-entered the shop. He’d obviously ran out of patience, and had got enough fresh air. ‘You okay?’ he said.
But I didn’t want to be left hanging. ‘Do people really think he did that to her?’
‘Some do.’
I shook my head. ‘I know it sounds strange to say this, but I really hope that he did die.’
‘Me too,’ she replied.

***

Later that night, with Grace asleep next door, James and I snuggled down on the sofa, with the fire blazing, watching Sleepless in Seattle. The collection of DVDs wasn’t the most up to date, but this was one of my favourite films, and I hadn’t seen it for ages. I was a massive Tom Hanks fan.
‘The wind’s picking up,’ I said, as the windows rattled. I looked across to the curtains. ‘I hope the storm isn’t too bad.’
James pulled me closer. ‘I think it will be okay. It’s not like it’s a hurricane.’
‘No…’
Right on cue, the windows rattled again, and for the first time that day, we heard the sound of rain as it slapped against the panes.
I thought of our little daughter. ‘I’ll go and check on Grace again in a few minutes.’
‘I’ll go.’ James returned less than a minute later. ‘Sleeping like a, well, a baby,’ he smiled.
‘Good, good.’ I suddenly thought of Elsa Cartwright, and then explained the story to James. I figured that if I told him, it would make me feel less spooked. Because as much as I knew there was nothing to be concerned about, it did make me feel uneasy. I felt scared to go to the bathroom on my own. I knew I was being stupid, but I couldn’t help it.
James listened in silence until I’d finished explaining. ‘So that’s what you were talking about in there. I came back in because I thought there was some problem with the payment – you know, you didn’t have enough cash, or they weren’t accepting your card. I didn’t realise she was telling you ghost stories. She probably does that to everyone who stays here, just to frighten them.’
‘Maybe. I can’t help feeling sorry for her though – especially if Richard had really run away with another woman.’
‘Yes,’ James replied. He turned away. And then he began to sob. His shoulders jackhammered as he screwed his eyes shut, pinching the bridge of his nose.
I brought my arm around him. ‘What’s the matter, James? Please, tell me.
He shook his head, before burying his face in his hands.
I tried again to make contact. ‘I’m really worried about you. Really worried. Worried that you’re going to do something stupid.’
He muttered something into his hands that I couldn’t hear properly.
And then I told him. ‘I heard what you said to Grace on Thursday night. I heard it over the baby monitor, when I was downstairs and you were putting her to bed.’
That got his attention.
He raised his head slowly. ‘You heard me?’
‘You were saying you were going to end it all.’
He looked off to his right and shook his head at some thought. ‘I’m so sorry, George, I’m so, so sorry.’
‘I don’t understand. Sorry about what?’
He looked like he was going to be sick, but what came out of his mouth only made me feel ill. ‘I’ve been having an affair.’
‘An affair?’
Even then I hoped this was all a mistake. I even wished in that split second that my illness had returned, and that the idea of James having an affair was just in my head. But it was horribly real.
He closed his eyes. ‘Yes. But it’s over now. I ended it. The conversation you heard on Thursday evening. I wasn’t talking to Grace. I was talking to her, telling her again it was over. She called me and, stupidly, I answered. I completely forgot about the monitor.’
I swallowed as my stomach lurched and rolled like the sea spread out in front of us. With all my emotional strength I stayed calm, and asked the question. ‘Who? Who is she?’
James, his eyes still closed, pinched the bridge of his nose. ‘Please, George, not now, not here.’
That really made me angry. I still however kept my voice measured. ‘Tell me everything.’
He blew out his cheeks. ‘I’m so sorry.’
‘Who is she?’
He pulled at his lip, and I thought for a moment he wasn’t going to reveal the name. But then he turned to me, his face filled with genuine remorse and shame. ‘I’m really sorry, George. It’s Sophie.’


9



I felt sick to my stomach. Sophie? 
She had been the person who had supported me so much, yet all the time was having an affair with my husband? How could she do that to me, while sitting there and listening to my problems, offering me advice, being there for me? I could hardly believe it. But I knew from James’ face that he was telling the truth.
I just stayed there on the sofa, saying nothing, losing myself in the flames. All this time, I had thought that James might be on the verge of taking our lives, when he had actually been talking to his mistress on the telephone.
What kind of an idiot was I?
‘George, I really sorry,’ James said at last, in an attempt to elicit a response.
I closed my eyes briefly, trying to shut out the situation that I found myself in. ‘I need to give Grace a feed,’ I said, leaving the room. James didn’t try to stop me.
When I returned, he was still there, lying back on the sofa. He’d switched the television off, and was just staring at the ceiling, hands folded.
‘We need to talk,’ I said.
He seemed surprised, and reacted like someone who was unprepared for the task they’d just been given. ‘Yes, yes, of course.’ He sat back upright, and bit down on his lip as I took the space next to him.
I gazed into his eyes, not knowing yet if I was going to forgive him. I would certainly need to know more about what had happened, even if really it was the last thing I wanted to hear. And I needed to know now. Not tomorrow. I wanted time to process this before the morning. I swallowed back my fears and began. ‘How long has it been going on?’
‘Three months. But it’s over now. I finished it two weeks ago.’
I didn’t need to pause and calculate when that was. It started at my lowest ebb, a month before I really sought help. I was in such a state there’s no way I would have been able to see the reality around me. I was too busy dealing with my paranoid delusions about, ironically, James having an affair with the locum dentist. ‘How did it start?’
James bit down again on his lip. ‘I know it’s a terrible cliché, but I didn’t intend for it to happen. And there are no real excuses. But as you know, we were in a really bad place, and Sophie was being so supportive. But she started to open up too, about how the miscarriage had affected her and her relationship with Michael. Over those months, we got closer, until…’
He broke off and just shook his head.
I was surprising myself by how calmly I was dealing with this. But there was really little other option. If I screamed and shouted, I would wake up Grace. And given our location, throwing James out was not a sensible option. At least by staying calm and controlled, we could talk things through like adults. The truth was, I didn’t feel angry; I just felt an overwhelming sense of sadness. I was grieving the loss of innocence of our relationship, which would never be the same again, whether we stayed together or not. ‘Why did you break it off?’
‘Because I knew it was wrong. And that I wanted to be with you, and Grace. I felt awful, I still do feel awful for what’s happened, for what I’ve done.’
I thought back to September. ‘So the holiday. Us as a happy family. It was all an act?’
‘No.’
I found that hard to believe. ‘But you were still seeing her.’
He found it hard to look me in the eye. ‘I know. But it wasn’t an act. The holiday, being with you and Grace, it was amazing. I knew during that week that it’s what I wanted. I decided early on in the holiday that I was going to break it off with Sophie.’
‘Were you planning to tell me?’
‘I wanted to. I nearly told you, last Sunday, when we were out for a walk along the Thames.’
‘Then why didn’t you?’
‘I don’t know. Because I was scared that if you found out, it would mean the end of our marriage.’ He looked at me. ‘Does it?’
‘I can’t answer that right now.’
He nodded. ‘I understand. I shouldn’t have asked that.’
We sat in silence for a few minutes. Meanwhile, the storm outside was closing in. The wind had strengthened into a constant force and was rattling the windows and whistling down the chimney breast. And the rain was hitting harder. We were certainly under sustained attack from the elements. It seemed as though the storm had arrived early, as it was only just nearing midnight.
‘How does she feel about it?’ I asked, turning my attention to the other person in this sad triangle.
‘She wanted it to continue.’
I shook my head at the betrayal from someone I had called my friend. But, then, how long had I actually known Sophie? Very little time, when I really thought about it. I didn’t know what she was really like. She wasn’t my lifelong buddy. In fact, she wasn’t really my friend at all – she was James’. ‘What about her marriage? What about Michael?’
‘Their marriage is as good as over,’ he replied.
‘What?’ That did shock me. Of course I knew that there had been problems, as Sophie had told me herself. But I didn’t think it was that bad.
‘They’ve barely spoken to one another for months,’ James revealed. ‘Sophie told me that they live separate lives in the house.’
‘I never realised it was so bad.’
James continued. ‘It all began with the miscarriage, according to Sophie. Michael bottled it all up, and Sophie felt abandoned. They never recovered.’
I thought about their plight. They hadn’t been able to withstand the devastation of a future ripped away from them. Yes, like countless couples who had experienced the same, they could have moved on, tried again, and gone on to have a baby and be that family unit they had dreamt of. But for some reason, they hadn’t been able. And instead of rebuilding, Sophie had thrown herself into the arms of another – my husband.
‘All the support for me, was it genuine?’
‘From Sophie do you mean?’
‘Yes. Was it genuine, or was it just a way to get to you?’
‘It was genuine. Sophie told me it was her way of helping to get over the miscarriage. She had a real longing to help, and be useful. She wanted to help you, and Grace.’
‘And you.’
‘Yes, and me. But at first, that was just it. It was just help.’
‘But then things changed.’
‘Yes. I’m sorry.’
‘You said she didn’t want your relationship to end. What did she say to you when you finished it?’
‘She said she didn’t want to go on, if nobody wanted her.’
I actually felt sorry for her. This woman had tried to steal away my husband, with his consent of course. But instead of hating her, I just pitied her situation. ‘She threatened to take her own life?’
‘Nothing specific,’ he said. ‘Just that she didn’t want to go on.’
‘And what did you say to that?’
‘I told her we had to stop what we were doing, that I wanted to stop it. But I didn’t want her to do anything stupid. I asked her to get help – from a doctor, preferably.’
‘Did she?’
‘Not that I know of.’
I thought back to how well she had looked in Allemandi’s, just yesterday. It seemed crazy to think that the measured, cheerful exterior was masking something altogether more fraught and wounded.
‘There’s something else,’ he said.
‘What?’
‘I think in the past two weeks, Sophie has been doing things.’
‘Doing things. What do you mean?’
‘Silent calling me on my mobile. Sending strange things to the dental practice…’
‘Like what?’ I interrupted.
‘Two days ago I received a letter. There were instructions that only I should open it, so Elizabeth passed it on to me unopened. Inside was an image of a heart, which someone had doctored to show blood flowing out of it. On the back someone had written, “Broken hearted. Only just started.”
I shuddered.
‘And then the other night, the person Max saw in our back garden.’
‘You think that could have been Sophie?’
‘Of course. I nearly told you everything then, but it just wasn’t the right time. I was more concerned that I kept you two safe.’
‘Which is why you booked the holiday away? So we’d be safe?’
‘Yes. For the weekend, I knew there would be a lot of miles between us. I know it’s not rational, that we have to go back to London on Monday, but I guess I just felt the need to do something.’
Then I thought of something. ‘The flat tyres. You think that was Sophie, too?’
‘I assume so. It might just be a coincidence, of course, but I doubt it.’
And then I had another thought. ‘She knows where we are.’
‘What?’
‘I gave her the details of where we are staying. I texted her when we were at the services.’
He looked back at me in horror.
Bang! Bang!
I tensed. ‘Was that someone at the door?’
‘Just the wind,’ he said.
But he didn’t look at all convinced.


10



When we finally did go to bed, at a quarter to one in the morning, James offered to sleep on the sofa, and I let him. I still didn’t know how I felt about his admission of infidelity, but I didn’t want him so close to me that night – even though the storm, and the lingering thoughts of Elsa Cartwright and Sophie, set me on edge. You don’t hear your husband tell you he’s had an affair and then promptly go back to bed with him, as if nothing has happened.
I lay there in the strange bed, in the isolated cottage by the sea, listening to the wind and rain battering us. The bed was comfortable, but my mind was running at full speed, trying desperately to process the day’s events. To my surprise, when I finally did fall asleep, I was out cold. And the next time I opened my eyes, it was morning, and there was sunlight streaming through the curtains. I checked my watch on the bedside table – half past eight.
I wanted to check on Grace first. It wasn’t unknown for her to sleep through the night – we’d been extremely lucky in that respect. But when I hadn’t heard from her for all those hours, it always sparked anxiety in me.
‘Hello, poppet,’ I whispered, standing over the cot. She was still asleep. The unfamiliar surroundings and even the storm obviously hadn’t disturbed her the way it had her mother.
‘Morning, George,’ James said from behind me.
I didn’t turn around. I just kept my eyes on Grace. ‘Morning.’
‘Did you sleep okay?’
‘Yes, surprisingly. How about you?’ I felt that I needed to ask.
‘Woke up a few times. The sofa is not the most comfortable. But I deserve it.’
‘I didn’t do it to punish you,’ I said, turning to face him.
‘I know. I know. Do you fancy breakfast?’
I nodded and we settled down to eat. 
‘What would you like to do?’ James asked, as we tucked into a bowl of granola each.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Do you want to pack up and leave this morning? Go home?’
‘I don’t know.’ I honestly hadn’t thought about it, even though now the question had been asked it seemed a perfectly reasonable thing to have considered.
James seemed surprised by my lack of conviction. ‘I thought you might want to get home as soon as possible, and send me packing.’ He seemed deadly serious.
‘I won’t be doing that,’ I replied, without really thinking. Whether it was my heart talking or not, I don’t know. But I knew as soon as the words left my lips that it was what I wanted. ‘That doesn’t mean there aren’t going to be hard times,’ I added. ‘It will take time.’
‘Thank you,’ James smiled, reaching out to take my hand. I pulled it away before it met mine. He nodded his understanding. ‘If you do decide that it’s best for us to go home early, then I totally understand.’
‘Maybe it’s best that we deal with it here,’ I said.
‘Maybe.’
He got up and dropped his empty bowl into the sink. ‘Well, we survived the storm,’ he said, gazing out of the kitchen window at the now calm world outside. ‘We could go for a walk along the coast later,’ he said, returning to his seat. ‘There’s a lovely Blue Flag beach just a mile down from here.’
‘Sounds good.’ I heard Grace stirring from the bedroom. ‘You know,’ I said, before I left to see to her, ‘my mother used to say that you don’t measure the strength of a marriage in the best of times; you measure it in the worst of times.’

***

We went for our walk along the coast, taking in the beauty of the North Devon environment. The weather was clear, fresh and bright, affording us spectacular views along the coastline and out to sea. We descended to the beach that James had mentioned, and spent an hour exploring the rock pools and caves that had been left exposed by the retreating tide. Grace was snug in the baby carrier, sleeping part of the time. She particularly enjoyed seeing the sea life that had been left stranded in the pools – including several starfish and a crab.
Things felt strangely normal while we were out. We even shared a few laughs, although there was no physical contact. It was only upon our return to the cottage for lunch that I again began to brood over the affair.
And then, just after we had finished lunch, someone knocked at the door.
We looked at one another. Then James jumped up and peered around the kitchen window, to see if he could catch sight of the visitor.
‘I’d better answer it,’ he said, making for the door.
‘Wait!’ I said, halting him in his tracks. ‘What if it’s her?’
Now there were a series of bangs. Someone was hammering on the wood with what sounded like a clenched fist.
‘Please!’ we heard a voice shout through the letter box. ‘Please, let me in to explain!’
It was Sophie.


11



‘Please, just let me in!’
James looked at me for direction. I couldn’t think fast enough. I really didn’t want her in the cottage, but what other alternative was there? ‘Be careful,’ was all I could manage.
James nodded. ‘Maybe you should take Grace into the living room.’
I didn’t need asking twice. I lifted her out of the high chair and retreated to the next room. There was no way that I wanted Grace to be caught up in something like this, even if she was too young to understand what was happening. I stood just behind the living room door, waiting with trepidation as James approached the front door.
‘Sophie,’ he said, through the still closed door. ‘You shouldn’t have come here.’
‘I need to explain!’ she shouted. ‘Let me in, please!’
She began banging on the door again.
‘There’s no way I’m letting her in while she’s in that state,’ James said, entering the living room. ‘No chance.’
‘James!’ she shouted.
I held Grace closer to me. ‘So what are we going to do? We can’t call the police, that’s for sure. We can’t call anyone.’
James ran a hand through his hair. ‘I don’t know.’
‘James, open the door!’
More banging.
‘I’ll jump right off this cliff if you don’t let me in.’
‘I’m so sorry, George. This is all my fault. And I’ve got to sort it out.’
He turned back towards the door.
I blocked his path. ‘What are you doing?’
‘I’ll go outside and talk to her; calm her down. Don’t worry – I won’t let her into the cottage.’
I thought for a second, then nodded. It was a far from ideal scenario, but I couldn’t see what else we could do. ‘Just watch out, James. Please, be careful.’
He kissed me. ‘Whatever you do, stay in the cottage.’


12



I took up my position again by the living room door.
‘Sophie, I’m going to open the door, and we can talk. But we do it outside, not in the cottage. Do you understand?’
‘Yes.’
‘Move back from the door then, and I’ll come out.’
I felt sick as I heard James first unlock, then open the door. I’d half-expected Sophie to rush at the entrance in order to get inside, but there was no other sound until the door closed.
I rushed over to the living room window and could see James and Sophie outside, right by the cliff’s edge. Sophie was gesticulating and shouting, while James was trying to calm her down. Part of me longed to go outside and see if I could do anything. But James was right – I needed to stay inside, with Grace.
Suddenly Sophie headed for the edge and James raced after her, rugby tackling her just before she could jump. They both hit the ground short of the drop.
I breathed a massive sigh of relief.
I watched as they got to their feet. The shock of the event must have calmed Sophie down, as she just stood there, looking at James. James reached out and they embraced.
Jealousy flared and I wanted to rip them apart.
He would never touch that woman again, if I had my way.
They released their hold. James was looking towards the rear of the cottage. He said something and then Sophie turned to look.
Their confused expressions turned to horror.
Both began to run as the car appeared. James went left, and Sophie right. The car slammed right into Sophie and took her with it over the cliff.
I turned away from the window, numb with shock. My body was shaking and I buried my head against Grace, bursting into tears.
Outside I could hear James shouting.


Epilogue



The emergency services found Michael’s car and body at the bottom of the cliff, along with Sophie. Neither of them stood a chance, such was the drop down to the rocks below. Michael had left a note at their house, explaining how he knew about the affair. In the letter, he admitted to doing things to James, including cold calling him and sending the bleeding heart warning. The police and coroner were satisfied that Michael had intended to kill himself, and his wife. The assumption was that he had followed Sophie down to the cottage, possibly thinking that she was going there to meet with James.
Maybe seeing Sophie and James embrace had provoked that final, violent act.
It took some time for us to really move on from what happened. And some days, it was still difficult. But we were in many ways stronger as a family than we had ever been.
I’ve often thought, what might have happened if Sophie’s pregnancy had not been cut so cruelly short.
But life isn’t that easy to predict.


###

THE END

###


Find out more about Paul’s writing.

Join his Mailing List

Like Paul’s Author Page on Facebook: 
www.facebook.com/paulpilkingtonauthor

Follow him on Twitter: 
@paulpilkington

Visit his website: 
www.paulpilkington.com


Read the opening chapters to The One You Love, the first novel in Paul’s bestselling Emma Holden trilogy. Filled with twists, turns and cliff-hangers, the trilogy has sold over a quarter of a million copies worldwide, and has received over 2000 five star reviews. In the UK it is published by Hodder and Stoughton (Hachette).

The One You Love 
(Emma Holden trilogy, book 1)

Emma Holden’s nightmare has just begun. Her fiancé vanishes, leaving the battered and bloodied body of his brother in their London apartment. Someone is stalking her, watching her every move. And her family are hiding a horrifying secret; a secret that threatens all those she loves. In a desperate race against time, Emma must uncover the truth if she ever wants to see her fiancé alive again. 



Prologue



He watched from the boat as they sailed past the sights of London – the thrusting steel spires of Canary Wharf, the domed O2 Arena, then Tower Bridge and, finally, the London Eye and Westminster. The sky was deep blue and the sun’s heat intense, so the cooling river breeze was heaven. 
After disembarking, he headed for the tube. The day in the capital had been enjoyable. But now the holiday was over, and the real business was just beginning. 
It was time.
Soon she would know just how bad it felt.



1



‘Em, it’s Will. Where the hell is that fiancé of yours? He didn’t turn up at the meeting place, and he’s not answering his phone.’
Emma Holden pressed her mobile into one ear and cupped her hand over the other, but still struggled to hear what her brother was saying over the chatter of the busy London pub. The Irish theme bar was heaving with twenty- and thirty-somethings – mostly City workers celebrating the end of the working week and the beginning of a long, sunny August Bank Holiday weekend. Emma, however, was celebrating something far more important – her wedding, due to take place in just over a week’s time. And while this place wouldn’t usually have been her first choice for a night out – it was so busy that it was difficult even to turn around –somehow it seemed perfect for a hen party. 
‘Hang on a minute,’ she shouted into her phone, reaching around a group of people and handing her drink to her friend, Lizzy. She nodded and smiled as Emma gestured that she was going outside. ‘I’m going somewhere quieter,’ Emma shouted into her mobile as she began to weave her way through the crowds. ‘Can’t hear anything in here.’ 
After a monumental effort she reached the door and exited into the sultry night air, leaving the rest of her ten-strong hen party inside. The distinctive central London summer smell hit her: a mixture of fast food, beer and exhaust fumes. For the first time that evening she felt the alcohol going to her head, somehow ushered on by the waning sunlight.
‘Sorry about that,’ she said, stepping out onto the crowded pavement – the heat wave that had baked the country for the past two weeks had really brought out the revellers. ‘That was my fault – Lizzy persuaded the barman to turn the music up. Now it’s so loud my eardrums feel like they’re about to burst. I only noticed your call because I had my mobile out, showing Lizzy and the girls some photos from last week.’
 ‘Em,’ Will said. His serious tone made Emma check herself, as though he’d just issued her with an order. ‘Where’s Dan? He didn’t turn up in Covent Garden, and he’s not answering his mobile or your home phone.’
‘What?’ Emma absorbed the news as she watched a garish, white stretch limo cruise past. A group of laughing girls, heads out the window, toasted passers-by with glasses full of champagne.
‘Yee ha, cowgirl!’ one of the girls shouted from the limo window. For a second Emma was confused, before remembering what she was wearing. The Wild West outfits had been Lizzy’s idea. And dressing up was compulsory, especially for the bride-to-be. She took off her cowgirl hat and held it under her arm.
Will was out with a group of Dan’s friends – a mixture of university mates and colleagues from the web company where Dan worked. ‘We even went over to your flat,’ Will continued. ‘Thought he might be running late, but he’s not answering the intercom. We’re all standing outside there now. I also tried to reach Richard, but he’s not picking up either. They’re not with you lot, are they?’
‘No.’ Emma raked her fingers through her shoulder-length, brown, glitter-sparkled hair. Richard, Dan’s brother, had been due to rendezvous with the group in the centre of town later that evening. Why would they both be out of contact? ‘Last I saw of Dan was when I left to go out, about two hours ago. You sure you didn’t miss him in Covent Garden?’
‘Positive. We stuck around there for over an hour. All we needed was a tambourine and collection basket and we’d have made a fortune.’
‘I don’t understand,’ she said, beginning to pace up and down outside the pub, suddenly forgetting the party going on inside. ‘He was about to go out when I left to come here. He wouldn’t have been more than a few minutes behind me.’
‘It’s a bloody mystery, then.’ Will paused. ‘You don’t suppose he got cold feet, decided to head off to LA with Cameron Diaz?’
‘Screw you, William.’
‘Just joking,’ he said with a laugh, breaking the tension. ‘The man would be mad to turn down the chance to marry my little sister.’
‘That’s better.’
‘Seriously though, Em. What if he’s had an accident or something?’
‘An accident?’
‘He could have been in a road accident.’
‘Aren’t you being a bit melodramatic?’
‘Probably, but these things can happen.’
‘Do you have to be such a pessimist?’ said Emma, watching as two police officers attempted to cajole a homeless man from a shop doorway opposite: a sad but familiar London sight. ‘He’s probably stuck on the tube – that’s why he can’t answer his phone. You know what the Underground’s been like this week. I was stuck on the Northern Line for half an hour on Wednesday. Signal failure or something.’
‘Maybe,’ he replied. ‘I was thinking of breaking your door down, though, just in case.’
‘Don’t you dare! You’d hurt yourself. Anyway, I’m the black belt, not you.’
‘Okay, Bruce Lee.’ Will feigned disappointment. ‘I’m just looking out for my little sister.’
‘I know. And you always have done.’
 ‘Hey, that’s why older brothers were invented. Tell you what, I’ll wait here and see if he turns up.’
‘No,’ Emma said, moving away from the pub door as what appeared to be another hen party pushed inside; this group was dressed as cheerleaders, with ultra-tight tops and mini-skirts. At least Lizzy hadn’t gone for that idea. ‘Go back to Covent Garden in case he turns up there. I’ll try and call him myself.’
‘The others can go back, but I’d rather stick around here,’ insisted Will. ‘This is all pretty strange, Em. You don’t think—’
‘Don’t even say it,’ Emma interrupted. ‘Just don’t.’
‘You’re right. This is totally different from last time.’
Once Will had rung off, Emma tried several times to contact both Dan and Richard. But it was no good – neither was answering their phones. She returned inside, the party spirit in her having been completely wiped out. 
 ‘Hey, there you are!’ said Lizzy, throwing a semi-drunken arm around her as she returned to the group. ‘Wondered where you’d got to. Thought you might have sneaked off for a crafty last snog with some hunky stockbroker before it’s too late. After all, you’re still twenty-eight, free and single – for the moment.’
Emma didn’t meet Lizzy’s smile. Instead, she looked down at her mobile phone, still grasped tightly in her hand, hardly hearing what her best friend was saying. All she wanted to do was get out of there as quickly as possible and find out what was going on.
‘Get this down you,’ Lizzy ordered, forcing a cocktail into Emma’s free hand. ‘You’re far too sober for my liking. I’m in charge tonight, and whatever I say, goes. And I say drink! Cheers!’
‘Cheers,’ Emma said half-heartedly, clinking glasses. 
She watched as a beaming Lizzy took a swig of her drink. She’d met the ever-cheerful Lizzy, a pretty strawberry blonde with a big heart and even bigger voice, at an audition three years ago. Since that initial meeting the two had become good friends and had flat-shared for a time, until eighteen months ago when Emma had moved in with Dan. A classically trained singer, Lizzy was now plying her trade on the West End stage, where she had a role in Like We Did Last Summer, a new romantic musical based around popular tunes from the Swinging Sixties. 
‘You okay?’ Lizzy finally noticed that Emma seemed distracted. 
‘I’m not sure.’ Emma played with the straw and ice cubes in her drink. ‘It’s Dan. He’s gone missing.’
‘What?’
‘That was Will on the phone. He said Dan didn’t turn up for the stag party. And now no one can get hold of him. I just tried to call him now. His mobile sounds like it’s turned off, and there’s no answer on the home phone.’
‘But wasn’t he about to leave when I arrived at yours?’ Lizzy said.
‘Yeah. That’s what worries me.’ 
‘Maybe he’s stuck on the tube?’ Lizzy raised an eyebrow.
‘That’s what I thought. But it’s been two hours, Lizzy.’
‘I’m sure he’s fine,’ Lizzy offered, lightly touching Emma’s arm.
‘You don’t think he’s had second thoughts, do you?’ Emma’s hitherto buried insecurities found a voice. ‘You know I said he’s been acting weird over the past few weeks. Maybe he’s decided that I’m not what he wants.’
‘Don’t be silly. Dan’s a great guy, and he’s crazy about you, Em. Anyone can see that.’ Now Lizzy squeezed her arm. ‘Men act weird now and again – it’s genetic. He’s probably just sitting on a park bench somewhere, feeding the ducks and contemplating his final days of bachelorhood. Trust me, my brother was the same before his wedding – had some kind of crisis and thought about travelling around Australia for a year instead. And this is the guy who can’t stand insects or heat.’ 
‘I sound hysterical, don’t I?’ Emma smiled, taking a nervous sip from her drink. It wasn’t like her to get worked up – she was usually calm and controlled. But tonight was different. The thought had been weighing on her mind for months – whether this wedding was really the start of something much better, or the point where everything fell apart at the seams. 
Just like last time.
‘You’re under a lot of pressure,’ Lizzy said. ‘You’re getting married a week on Sunday, for heaven’s sake. Plus, you’ve got the biggest audition of your life coming up next week. Big things are happening, girl!’
Lizzy was right. An up-coming wedding would be enough to unsettle anyone, but adding a potentially career-making movie role audition into the equation really cranked up the tension. Emma was desperate to get the part in the new British romantic comedy – it would be a major step up from the daytime soap she’d spent two years on and her recent appearances in a variety of London stage plays. It was the break she’d been working so hard for, and had never dared hope one day might arise. 
‘I know it’ll turn out to be nothing,’ she said, ‘but why disappear tonight, of all nights?’
‘You want to go back to the flat, check if everything’s all right?’ 
‘Would you mind?’
‘Not at all.’ Lizzy took Emma’s drink off her and handed it to Sarah, another one of the hen party, who was sporting not just a cowgirl outfit but also a holster complete with water pistol, that she was using to fire vodka into the other hens’ drinks. ‘We can leave this lot here. We’ll catch up with them once we’ve found that fiancé of yours. Bloody men, eh?’ She wrapped an arm around Emma’s shoulders and gave her a motherly hug. ‘Always want to be the centre of attention.’
‘Yeah,’ Emma said, trying her best to smile. ‘Bloody men.’

***

During the taxi ride to Marylebone, Emma tried Dan’s mobile another three times. Each time the phone went straight through to voicemail. She also called Will, who confirmed that Dan still hadn’t appeared or answered the intercom. 
As the taxi twisted and turned through the bustling streets of the capital, a sickening feeling of loneliness swelled inside her, refusing to go away. ‘Please, God,’ she whispered to herself, resting her forehead against the taxi window, trying to stop her mind from racing. ‘Please don’t let it happen again.’


2



‘Still nothing?’ Emma asked, as she climbed out of the taxi and approached Will. 
Will was sitting on the apartment block steps with his arms folded. He was wearing black Calvin Klein trousers and a bright, white shirt that contrasted dramatically with his thick, dark hair. He shook his head. Although he was only a few months short of thirty, he looked like a little boy waiting for Mummy to come home.
‘I’m sure there’s a perfectly reasonable explanation, Em,’ Lizzy said, joining them as the taxi drove off.
Emma looked up at the top window of their rented flat, which overlooked Marylebone High Street. For a second she thought she saw a figure looking back at her, but decided it was just a trick of the light. She’d calmed down a lot during the taxi ride – the circular breathing taught to her by her karate instructor when she was a youngster had helped her refocus away from those overly negative thoughts. Okay, it was weird, Dan not turning up. But, as Lizzy said, the likeliest thing was that there would be a perfectly reasonable explanation. 
‘She’s right.’ Will got up from the steps and dusted himself down. ‘I was thinking about it while you were on your way over here. I’m over-reacting. And if it wasn’t for that bloody intercom security system, I’d have been able to go up there and check for myself.’
‘Couldn’t you have sneaked in when someone came out?’ Lizzy suggested.
‘That was the plan,’ he replied. ‘But no one’s come in or out since I got here. Bloody annoying. I also pressed all those buttons’ – he pointed at the intercom on the wall – ‘but nobody answered.’ 
‘It’s deserted in there at the moment,’ Emma explained, searching in her bag for her keys. ‘A lot of people are on holiday, I think – I’ve hardly seen anyone on the stairs in the last couple of days, and the post is building up.’ 
‘Someone’s in there, though,’ Will countered. ‘You can hear music when you open the letterbox.’ 
‘Really?’ Emma found the keys. ‘We’d better get inside and take a look.’ She pulled out her keys but as she did so, they slipped from her grasp and fell into the gutter, narrowly missing a drain. 
Will picked them up. ‘That was lucky. Hey, Em, your hands are shaking – are you okay?’
‘I’m fine,’ Emma lied, taking the keys. Although mentally she had recovered her composure, her body was still in overdrive. ‘I’m just a bit on edge, that’s all.’ 
‘Come on,’ Lizzy said briskly. ‘Let’s get up there and sort this out. He’s probably flat out on the bed and has slept through the calls.’  
They could hear the music as soon as they entered the foyer to the building. It seemed to be coming from one of the upper floors, travelling down the wooden staircase. Judging from the bass vibration, it sounded like it was set on maximum. 
‘U2, if I’m not mistaken,’ Will said. ‘Sounds like the band is actually up there rehearsing.’
‘Dan was playing that album when I left,’ Emma said, beginning to hurry up the stairs, with Will and Lizzy following close behind. 
She took the steps two at a time; with each step the swirling music from above got louder. Something definitely didn’t feel right about this. Her imaginings flooded back, but now they weren’t about whether Dan had got cold feet – they were of something more sinister, more tragic. Maybe Dan had fallen and hit his head, and he’d been lying on the floor while she’d been out partying?
As she reached the middle floor, Mr Henderson, her elderly downstairs neighbour, blocked her path. Judging by his expression, it seemed he had been waiting for her. ‘What do you think you’re playing at?’ he asked, poking a wrinkled, liver-spotted finger in Emma’s direction.
‘Excuse me?’ Emma was taken aback by his unusually aggressive tone: normally he was so placid. He and his wife had been living in the flat below theirs for over twenty years, and had welcomed them with offers of help when Dan and Emma had first moved in. Emma hadn’t seen much of Mrs Henderson in recent months: some time ago, while looking out of the window, she had seen her being helped into an ambulance, but she didn’t know what had been wrong and felt it might seem overly nosey to ask.  
‘That music,’ Mr Henderson said angrily, gesturing upstairs. His face was blood red and his eyes burned in a way that Emma had never seen before. ‘Your boyfriend’s had that on full blast ever since I got back from the shops. Edna’s trying to get to sleep in here; she’s not well, you know. She gets distressed easily. She was crying when I got back home, sitting in the corner of the room, covering her ears. People think just because you’ve got dementia that you don’t matter. But she matters to me. I love her.’ 
Tears welled up in his eyes as his anger faded. ‘Doctor says she’s dying,’ he added. ‘Please let her rest. Please get your boyfriend to turn the music down. He won’t even answer the door for me. I’ve been up there three times, but it hasn’t done any good.’
Emma looked at Will and Lizzy, who returned anxious glances. 
‘Sorry,’ she said, feeling desperately bad for the old man but also wanting to get to the top floor without delay. ‘I’m sorry,’ she said again, side-stepping him and heading for the next set of stairs, almost launching herself at the first step. 
‘I’ll call the police if you don’t turn it down,’ Mr Henderson shouted, before breaking into a bronchial cough. But Emma had already turned the corner at the top of the stairs. 
She reached her front door, fumbling with the keys. Dan never played music that loud, and the thought only intensified her sense of foreboding about what lay inside. 
‘Dan!’ she shouted. ‘Are you in there?’ The key wasn’t going into the lock, so she began banging on the heavy wooden door with her fists. ‘Dan!’
‘Come here, Em,’ Will said, taking the keys gently from her. ‘Let me do it.’
Emma stepped back, surprised to find that she was crying.
Lizzy hugged her. ‘Everything’s going to be all right,’ she said. But she didn’t sound convinced any more.
Will unlocked the door and a crescendo of guitars and drums swept out onto the landing. ‘Danny, you in here?’ he shouted, moving into the flat. He turned left towards the living room from where the music was coming, while Emma and Lizzy headed for the kitchen.
‘Dan?’ Emma neared the kitchen. ‘Where are . . . oh my God!’
‘What is it?’ Will shouted, his voice sounding even louder in the silence after he’d turned off the stereo. 
‘Something’s wrong,’ Lizzy replied.

***

Emma stood next to her in stunned silence, taking in the scene. She placed a steadying hand against the fridge-freezer. The kitchen was smashed up: broken plates and dishes littered the floor, the bin had been overturned and emptied, the blinds were half torn down, and the water was running in the sink. 
‘My God,’ Will said, as he appeared breathlessly at their shoulders and surveyed the damage.
‘What the hell’s happened?’ Lizzy asked, of no one in particular.
‘The other rooms,’ Emma said, pulling herself out of her shock. 
She turned and headed for the bedroom, flinging open the door, expecting to find something horrible inside. But there was nothing. The bed was immaculately made, just as she had left it; everything was in its right place. A faint hint of Dan’s aftershave hung in the air. Emma turned to head for the bathroom, the last remaining room of the flat. 
‘Oh, shit!’ she heard Will shout from behind her. ‘Shit! Call an ambulance! Somebody get an ambulance!’
‘What’s wrong?’ Emma rushed out into the hallway. 
Will appeared from the bathroom, his hands covered in blood. 
‘Oh, no,’ she said, covering her mouth and shaking her head. She backed against the wall. ‘Please say he’s okay.’
‘It’s not Dan.’ Will’s face was pained as he held his blood-soaked hands out in front him. ‘It’s Richard. I think he’s dead.’ 


***

The complete Emma Holden trilogy is now available in ebook and paperback.
