Missed Starlit

ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Characters
Amber Ashmore, Ironside, Alabama
Amy Ashmore, dead sister of Amber, Mountain Stream, Alabama
Amanda Ashmore, dead wife of Oscar, Montgomery
Oscar Wisner, dead husband of Amanda
Allison Ashmore, dead wife of Governor Wharton Ashmore
Governor Wharton Ashmore, dead husband of Allison
Foster Gordon, dead groom of Amy
Davidson Ashmore, uncle of Amber, Alabama congressman
Brynard “Hawk” Hawkins, US Deputy Marshal
Cody Mack, deputy-in-training, US Marshal, Birmingham Service
Rob McDonald, US Marshal, Birmingham District
Shirley “Mink” Purcell, US Deputy Marshal
Russo Belfort, FBI Special Agent, Birmingham



Eighteen months ago
Greenville. Alabama. three miles. north of Huntsville. soybean field. tractor. 7:06 pm. Sunday night. humid. September. 76°F.
“Abby Gail…,” he whispers then tenderly bites her earlobe moving his warm lips to her jugular vein. He licks her neck as she giggles. He moves lips to her naked collar bone kissing the bone gently then grazes his dusted black whiskers against her jaw line, every so gently. Abby Gail giggles. He braces her sweet breathe from parted lips, hearing a country song within the tractor’s speakers.
The mobile telephone rings.
She pushes him off cramming her mobile telephone into the eardrum, saying with her southern twang. “Abby Gail gives ya permission to speak, honey.” He hovers over her breasts, watching her evil smile.
Pause.
“Coming! Hold her there! Blindfold her pupils and tie the satin around her wrists just to be mean,” giggles Abby Gail. She disconnects then pockets her mobile telephone into her jeans. She pushes him against the bucket seat inside the farm tractor then twists and stands on the floor. She fingers the steering wheel column. “Move this contraption, sweetie! I have to skedaddle to my new appointment in thirty minutes, boy.”
The boy is six feet and four inches of tall mesomorph frame and still growing turning sixteen-years old last week before high school starts in Greenville, Madison County. He is a sophomore along with Abby Gail at the local public school playing defensive lineman on the high school football team. He stands, parking his fingers inside the belt loops, stares her face, without smiling. “Abby Gail,” growls, not shifting towards the seat.
“Cody Mack, move this tractor now, sugar. I’ll be back later in the evening, darling for your good-night kiss,” she kisses his lips then pulls back, giggling and grinning.
Cody exhales then scoots into the seat driving the tractor back home into the barn. “I’d ask where ya going but I already know my answer. I’ll mention this once more for your pierced earlobes, Abby Gail. I do not want you initialing Dana Jo tonight in your dumb and stupid club. It nothing short of trouble…”
“Whoa, cowboy! Now, you say a quick prayer for wanding me that curse before I get tar and feathered and covered in double-trouble,” leans into his face when he narrows his eyelids on the dark path between the soybean fields. Abby Gail fingers the floor, since her mama has taught that finger points at people is both wrong and rude. She orders. “Pray, Cody Mack, now!”
He words silently then whispers. “Amen.
 Abby Gail hugs his skull keeping away from the rotating wheel, leans into his eardrum, giggling. “Darling, don’t rattle the rafters during a tornado watch. This is for fun for me. Dana Jo expects it. She’s part of my girls, now. It’s a tradition for all the new majorettes, right before our first football game to exhibit and demonstrate her devotion to our Twirling Society. Annette’s sister started the ritual many, many moons ago.”
“And her sister is married with three kids many, many moons ago,” views the dark path. “Do I need to remind ya, sugar that southern belles smile, drink sweet tea, and have a genuine polite attitude towards their mamas, their daddies, their family members, and their friends?” He pouncing the tractor at the highest speed towards the barn.
“I’m friendly to my mama, my daddy, and you, darling,” smiles.
He parks inside the barn, cutting the headlights and engine then views her. She fidgets with the pearl necklace that all southern belles wear. He studies her shear blouse displaying a black bra over a pair of shorty-short white shorts. Her right cowgirl boot beats a steady rhyme of impatience inside her head. He exhales. “Southern belles are nicely presentable, at all times. They do not wear too revealing clothes along with a set of pearls and boots. I might suggest a nice jacket over your blouse, Abby Gail.”
She smirks. “Gimme a hug, cowboy!”
Cody stands then gingerly hugs her not pleased with her dumb-belle attitude for the evening.
“Abby Gail…”
She flings her hand. “Open the door lickety split, Cody Mack.”
He struts out the door then jumps onto the hay floor when Abby Gail poses in the door frame. He bows his arms when she giggles and leaps from the tractor into his arms. He cuddles then kisses her hair roots as she wiggles against him. He chuckles. She pulls back swinging the purse from her collar bone looking for the item. He stands six feet and four inches over her five feet and six inches, saying. “Be careful, Abby Gail. Call me, if something…”
“…happens. You don’t possess a cell, Cody Mack. You’re the only teen on the entire planet that doesn’t own a cell. Make your Mama buy you a phone?” She snarls and searches for the item inside her purse.
“We’ve debated this cold topic until the ground froze last February. Don’t need one! And you don’t need this...,” whips the cigarette from her hand then flicks it across the barn yard for the fire ants to consume. Cody sours. “I’ve asked ya repeatedly to stop smoking cigarettes. I do not like the taste or the smell.”
She grins. “I didn’t have one today. I didn’t smoke for ya, darling. It’s just a fun habit. I can stop anytime,” nods. “Let’s not argue. Okay, darling,” tickles his chest as Cody giggles. She stops then smiles.
“Have a good evening, Abby Gail! See at school, tomorrow morn.” He kisses her lips noting the word truth, since her breath doesn’t taste like cigarettes.
They stroll slowly towards her car, stopping at the driver’s door. They kiss lips then part grinning goofy at each other. Cody opens the driver’s door like a Southern gentleman taught by his mama. She slides in and starts the cold engine then jerks into reverse backing out of the gravel driveway. She turns towards her house rolling down the window, waves and smiles good bye.
Cody spins and struts towards his house mysteriously noting the house lights burn brightly against a dark night sky inside the kitchen, dining room, and living room. He stomps up the front steps hearing a yell of male angry coupled with a scream of female panic.
Cody rushes through the archway galloping passed the living room then laundry room into the kitchen. A set of busted stoneware is scattered across the tile. He stomps through the dangerous mess, standing at the archway, views his parents. His daddy leans against a wall viewing his wife on the floor. His mama lies on her left across the floor, still. Cody’s heart collapses and folds dumping down into his stomach.
He quickly races then kneecaps her black bruised and red bleeding pretty face extending two shaky fingers onto her swan neck. Cody deeply presses against her pulse into the hollow of her throat, feeling nothing. He swiftly shifts a shaky right hand to her hidden heart organ under the blouse pressing deeply his palm, feeling nothing.
Cody swings his face growling at his daddy then yells with fury. “You die.” He leaps upright pumping fists then striking nothing due to his blurry eyeballs. A flying fist slams into the hard jaw line as his daddy hits the wall. His daddy double whips his face back in range of Cody’s targeting field.
Cody knocks a left hook into the soft flesh of the right cheekbone slicing the tender skin, leaking with red blood over his knuckles, when his daddy folds to the right stumbling and tumbling towards the overturned chair. His Daddy bleeds and breathes red blood from two nose holes, a right eardrum, and a pair of busted pink lips over the tile.
Cody struts towards the chair to finish his deadly job, when four hands touch, grab, and jerk on Cody. The hands quickly pull Cody away from his daddy as Cody fights and dances towards the overturned chair. “Calm down, son…,” a tenor bad breathes down Cody’s sweaty neck. The sheriff of Madison County struggles with Cody’s tallness and meanness. “Move Willie Dean into the police car, read his rights, and then take him to my jail cell. Call the doc, too,” he bad breathes on Cody’s neck. “I’m sorry Cody. We were in route. Your mama called 911 on the landline,” views the dead woman. Cody explodes his eyeballs into wet hot tears for a double tragedy of his daddy killing his mama as the sheriff pats Cody’s collar bone. “Show me your hand, son.” Cody doesn’t respond viewing his dead mama on the floor covered in a white sheet provided by the sheriff’s deputies. The sheriff says. “Gimme your hand, son.” Cody doesn’t respond looking at the EMS personnel move his dead mama’s body up and over on the rolling gurney. The sheriff pours medical alcohol straight from the bottle over Cody’s injured hand preventing an infection of the exposed wounds from busting his daddy’s face. Cody doesn’t flinch from the sting, since he’s numb from a double tragedy of losing both his parents, in one night. “You can….,” says the sheriff, when a new face appears at the archway.
“Boy…,” a tenor reads the paper folder between his fat fingers, shaking his balding skull then walks to Cody.  “I’m sending ya to…”
“…his grandma’s house…,” nods the sheriff.
The male says. “Naw, ya can’t. You’re a big fellow, son. How tall are ya, without your boots?”
“Tall.” The sheriff answers for Cody, chuckling. The teenager fills both biceps leaning his numbness of shock and pity into the sheriff’s chest muscles sobbing with tears over the loss of his mama.
The deputy reads from his mobile telephone standing behind the sheriff. “Six feet and four inches based on his latest medical examination right before the first football game, Your Honor.”
“And growing….,” chuckles the sheriff.
The judge narrows his eyelids at Cody. “Yes. I can see that. You just turned sixteen years old and still got some growing up to do. Grandma don’t wanna ya, yet,” exhales, looking at the paper folder, reads the legal document then translates to Cody. “The bad news is that Willie Dean’s pressing charges against you for beating his face,” chuckles. “The worse bad news is that Willie Dean’s liquidating the house and land giving it to your neighbor…”
“But…,” frowns the sheriff at the judge in total confusion.
The judge reads the paper folder. “The better news is that Willie Dean will be charged with…ya know. Ya won’t have to see him, again. I promise ya, son. The best news is that you’re going to Reform School instead of jail, son. Based on Willie Dean’s injuries and your down right bad attitude, I, as Judge, jury and executor of you, could try your ass as an adult, since you are so close to the legal age of eighteen. Instead, you are going to the town of Ettaville. Heard of Ettaville, son?”
“Naw, Judge…,” the sheriff says with confusion, since Cody is standing numb between his biceps.
The judge smiles at Cody. “Ettaville is a lovely city. It’s located south of here but near the metro city of Huntsville with lots of horse pastures and crop fields. Ya’ll like it there, son. It’s a Work Farm. Ya go to both work and school, so you can graduate from High School with a diploma then attend one of the state’s universities. And there in Ettaville ya can beat up on some them hard tree trunks, instead of soft fleshy faces,” fingers the open doorway. “Take the boy into my sedan. He goes to Ettaville, tonight.
“Yes, sir!” The sheriff scoots Cody out the house door then into the sedan then eases him into the passenger seat as the judge grabs the steering wheel. The doors slam shut as the sheriff watches Cody through the car window stare into outer space from the death of his mama. The sedan slowly backs out of the gravel driveway turning towards the north leaving Greenville, Alabama.

Present-day.
Ironside. Alabama. Friday. 12:06 pm. wedding, St. James Baptist Church. Grant Road.
He flips the black visor of the motorcycle helmet with his left hand casually strolling into an empty church auditorium passing the fourth wooden pew from the front doors. All the pews are decorated with a single cluster bomb of pretty yellow gladiolus, pink dahlia, and purple lilac flowers tightened yellow satin ribbons.
One the right side of the rifle, his finger selects the full-auto fire selector in the middle of the lever. He inserts a loaded magazine with 75 rounds of bullets, pulls back and then releases a charging handle. He lifts both AK-47 assault weapons upright into his hands as his boots mark red clay dirt prints onto the new white runner ending at the church altar.
Normally, a bride and a groom stand together facing the church altar during a marriage ceremony exchanging their loving wedding vows. Currently, the music plays a melody of Amazing Grace from the organist practicing the selection of the numerous pieces of the wedding music.
He gently pulls the trigger finger in the full-automatic rifle. The bullets fire automatically cycling fresh rounds into the chamber until the magazine is exhausted. As each bullet travels through the barrel the shell is ejected from the bolt carrier spending another round then chambering a new bullet when the recoil spring pushes it forward.
The photographer busies at business with her back and ass to him setting up a three-legged tripod with a swaying camera for the future happy-ever-after wedding album.
He aims the first shot at the first person to the right within his eyesight, a nameless blonde standing beside the nameless photographer, first. The third shot hits a nameless organist behind the piano then Wharton, then Amanda, then Allison, then Oscar, then Foster, and finally Amy. The victims bleed red all over the walls, the carpet, and six of ten steps at the church’s beautiful smooth wooden altar staircase.
No one is left standing at the altar as he smiles inside a black helmet.
He hostlers both weapons inside the pockets of his motorcycle jacket surveying the auditorium. Clear!
He lifts the helmet shaking off sweat from his bald skull then reaches and tugs at Oscar’s jacket. He flips open the jacket pulling an envelope muttering a prayer of thanks. He stands and smiles observing his magnificent handiwork.
He exhales then pivots strutting out of the front doors of the church. He covers his face with the helmet before exiting into a bright sunny baby blue sky of Alabama.
She stares into a newly red-painted but lifeless auditorium seeing everything, noting anything. She turns to her right walking through the fellowship hall used for all social functions at her church. Today, the room is decorated for an early evening wedding celebration of a future newly married young couple.
She passes the white tiered bridal cake under the yellow linen cloth, not stopping at the groom’s chocolate cake, either. She passes the eight rows of white linen long tables for the expecting wedding guests of a private reception inside the church’s Fellowship Hall.
She twists the door knob of an exit door with her gloved hand leading into the parking lot of St. James Baptist Church. The black asphalt has absorbed the bright sun and the hot heat of a fast warm morning in the month of October in Ironside, Alabama. Her periwinkle sandals assault the heated rays without pain cutting through the hard pavement onto the vanilla-colored sidewalk paralleling the parking lot. At the corner of Gold and Grant Road she swirls her dress hem to the right cutting sharply before accidentally hitting an active city street curb. She moves at a steady but slow pace in her bridesmaid periwinkle dress carrying the yellow rose bouquet within both gloved hands like she had rehearsed four times last night prancing her heels down the carpet of the church under the verbal instructions of the happy bride.
She walks four city blocks passing the playground park on the left, on the right Mr. and Mrs. Hagan’s house, a red brown brick with a three-foot fence matching brick mailbox. On her left side she passes Mr. and Mrs. Miller’s house then the elderly widowed Mrs. Nelson’s home. She sharply turns to the right reaching a red bricked structure with four columns.
She paces straight ahead hitting the front porch then turns right strolling down the private sidewalk. She turns left standing in front of the French doors. She two-steps left bowing her curls at swimming swan statue then lifts an extra house key from its folded wing behind the webbed feet. She turns back towards the door inserting the key into the lock with a click then enters her house.

Roger Park Stadium. Duke Baseball Field. Roger Park. 100 Maple Drive. Hoover. Alabama. 35216. 12:32 pm
The park used to be the home of the Birmingham Duke Baseball Team in the year 1988. The Dukes had played their first game at Roger Park on April 18, 1988 against the Greenville Braves.
The Roger Park seats 10,800 people consisting of 3,202 box seats, and 7, 598 general admission chair built with at a cost of $14.5 million. The stadium features ten luxury stadium suites, a large banquet room overlooking the third base line, two BBQ Picnic facilities, and two full-sized double decker press boxes for the sporting fun and competitive events. The stadium hosts all types of events either on green grass, red clay dirt, or bald spots, when it rains during the calendar year. It holds High School and University football and baseball games, musical concerts, fun circuses, High School Marching Band competitions, and delicious food festivals accompanying all the fun event. The parking lot can hold 3,000 cars. Today, there are 36 assorted colored and different types of vehicles. Eighteen vehicles belong to the profession working staff’s vehicle of the US Marshall’s office located in Birmingham, Alabama.
He yells. “Strike…”
The catcher: male, 30s, tall, blonde hair, green eyes, athletic. He catches the baseball, squatting behind the batter and home plate.
The batter: female, 60s, tall, dark skin, pixie black hair, slim. She tosses the baseball bat onto the ground in fighting fury swinging her distorted face at the umpire, waves both arms. She shouts. “No strike!”
He smirks then smiles. “Ball!?” the umpire: tall, 50s, gray hair, pale skin, brown eyes, average height and weight. He has known and trusted the batter for thirteen years of his professional career changing his umpire decision for his shit and giggles. He sees the young pitcher spit out a cheek-full of tobacco salvia from his mouth for the kid’s shit and giggles.
It hasn’t rained in 92 days in Birmingham, Alabama. The weather is so hot breaching into the mid-90’s until around Halloween, when the Gulf Stream changes the wind from summertime to wintertime in less than 24 hours.
The batter shakes her cap dancing side to side at the umpire. “No ball…”
A second male jogs from first base picking up the young pitcher at the mound as they both trot to the home plate. The pitcher smiles at the first baseman pissing off the fighting batter. “Hawk, strike or ball?”
“Error…,” the batter yells parking hands on her hips, studies the umpire.
Hawk, the first baseman smiles. “There’s no hit on error, Mink. Ya didn’t even reach the base, yet.”
The batter swings to the pitcher. “Because of the pitcher’s mistake, it is a pitch error,” jabs a finger at the Pitcher.
He shakes his blonde skull then spits another ugly the juicy brown tobacco stain on the poor pretty red clay. “Geez…,” the pitcher moans to Hawk, thumbing the batter. “Did ya think Mink ever play Little League Baseball at twelve years old?”
“Spit out the chewing tobacco, Cody.” The umpire frowns with annoyance at the pitcher during the fun-time business baseball game.
“Guess not.” Hawk chuckles at Cody’s ugly but true remark, since females don’t play on Little League baseball teams in elementary school.
“Hawk. Hawk…,” a pretty female known only to Hawk with big breasts inside a tiny T-shirt screams, stands, and flirts under a baseball cap from the field’s front row of stadium seats. He waves back, wiggling his fingers like a little girl to a blonde, a brunette, and a red head who all giggle and wave back for a second flirty communication.
Cody scratches his forehead from the sweat looking at the screaming lovely ladies. “Hawk, this ain’t no da…”
“No cussing, Cody!” The umpire frowns with annoyance the young teen-ass.
Cody studies each pretty female inside the grand stands screaming for Hawk, “….dang dating service for your friends. It’s our annual social. Ya know the invitation states one guest per employee, not one sorority per player…”
“Stuff it, Cody.” Hawk waves and smiles at the girls again. They were invited to the baseball game to cheer him on for fun while making the young teen-ass jealous. 
The umpire raises his palms. “Ok. Ok. It’s catcher interference. Go back to first base, Hawk,” swings down wiping the clay from the marble plating.
“Hey! I didn’t touch the bat or the batter.” Tate stands ripping off his face mask. “Illegal call, fart baseman and…”
“I’m the ump…,” the Umpire, stands and grins at the catcher. 
Cody tosses the ball, smiling.  “Did ya really mean to use that particular word, Tate?”
“Yeah! The fart baseman.” Tate yells in the umpire’s face.
“Live with it, catcher. Play ball!” The umpire chuckles and swings behind the catcher. Rob McDonald is the Director of the North Alabama region United States (US) Marshal Service’s division located in downtown Birmingham, Alabama. He is a stocky man, five feet, six-inches, 50ish years old with graying white hair happily married to Sheila for 29 years with two smart and successful children and four beautiful grandchildren living in Jefferson County.
His office staffs sixteen deputies within the US Marshals Core who are smart and bright men and women, not including a young smartass kid marked at the tender age of seventeen years old as a deputy-in-training.
Today, the office is celebrating twenty years of US Federal Service in the State of Alabama with a picnic for the families, amusement games for the kids, and a friendly game of competition for anyone interested in playing sports. However the friendly family game has turned into an ego contest of single male bucks trying to vie for the title of “total dork” in front of the young female does watching the male testosterone fly out of the ballpark.
Rob waves both hands for the visual continuous of the non-fun competitive game.
The US Marshals Service is one of the oldest Law Enforcement Agencies in the US Federal Government. The office was created by the First US Congress under the Judiciary Act of 1789 as told by President George Washington to US Attorney General Edmund Randolph. The Marshals Service is part of the Executive Branch of US Government and the arm of the US Federal Courts. The US Marshals are responsible for the protection of court officers, the court buildings, and the effective operations of the judiciary system. The Marshals Service assists with court security, prisoner transportation while serving arrest warrants, and seeks fugitives. The USMS empowers a staff of deputies to execute all lawful percepts and command all necessary assistance in the execution of duty appointed by the Federal Court system.
 “Rob…,” the secretary jogs from the dugout extending his mobile telephone. He answers then listens. Rob disconnects then pockets his phone, whispering to his secretary as she nods then jobs back into the dugout.
Rob whistles for attention then motions to his deputies of the scout team, back pedaling from home plate into the wall of the dugout. Cody, Hawk, Tate, and Mink join his huddle. Other deputies take over the fun positions of the catcher, pitcher, umpire, and first baseman. “We’ve been called to a homicide…,” removes his baseball vest and gear handing off the items to the replacement umpire.
“….which is handled by the nice and competence boys and girls at metro Birmingham police department.” Cody tosses the ball when the replacement pitcher catches it. The replacement pitcher chuckles tossing the ball while walking to the pitcher’s mound. Cody frowns then smiles viewing all fourteen of Hawk’s girlfriends. He chuckles and waves at them.
Rob exhales and scans the faces. “Not today! It’s a VIP in our district the State of Alabama. Governor is dead along with his entire family. Game over.”
“In Birmingham!?” Cody frowns with confusion at Rob.
Mink looks at her sneakers then Rob pulling her mobile telephone from her jeans. “His daughter is…was getting married later this afternoon,” dials the familiar number for official US Marshall police information.
“O boy!” Hawk shakes his skull at Rob.
“O boy is right! Change our clothes into USMS gear as we move out. Mink, Hawk, and Cody with me…,” orders Rob.
“I wanna drive the truck.” Cody whines.
“Naw, Cody!” Hawk drags Cody towards Rob’s pickup-truck.
Rob pulls Tate to the side. “Tate, get Antonio to finish our fun for the evening and apology,” views the girls then waves at them, “...if any lovely maiden comes looking for me…,” chuckles with Tate. The pretty gals belong exclusively to Hawkins, the local farm play boy from Blountsville. “Then get you and you’re your recon team back to mother base, monitor the situation, updating us with information while we scout out the situation of Ironside, Alabama.”
Tate nods. “Yes, sir,” about faces, jogging towards the dugout.
“Hey, Tate…,” smiles Hawk as Tate stops and turns. Hawk releases then shoves Cody towards the pickup truck. Hawk struts towards Tate, whispering. Tate looks at the line-up of jiggling pretty girls who wave at Hawk.
“Ya owe me big time on this one.” Tate smiles and slams his hand into Hawk’s chest as both males chuckle.
“Love to….,” chuckles Hawk, jogging with smiles to Rob’s truck.
The deputies trot behind Rob and Mink. Mink listens to her mobile telephone for information. Rob commands. “Mink, please update us.”
She clears her throat walking towards the truck. “I talked to the preacher at St. James Church. He found the bodies around 14:29 hours. The Ashmore wedding party was scheduled for a round of blissful picture taking, before the blissful ceremony cutting out some lag time from the church altar to the dinner reception.”
“The groom there, too?” Cody frowns.
“Strangely enough! The entire wedding party includes the dead bride, the dead groom and all the dead Ashmore party,” says Mink.
“The dead groom’s family, too?” Cody drops the tail gate of the pickup truck as Rob drags four packs of USMS gear lining them up on the hot metal.
“Them not, too. The dead also includes one wedding photographer plus assistant and one church organist…,” Mink disconnects her phone then grabs a pack, dressing.
“Tough break!” Cody slams the body vest into position over his chest.
Rob tosses on a black T-shirt over his naked chest, a pair of black sweat pants over his dirty baseball shorts then switches out his sneakers for a pair of clean cowboy boots. He tosses a gray vest over the T-shirt embossed with black words: US Marshals on the front chest and rear shoulder blades.
They change into the official USMS gear for a) protection of the murder site without the infamous Alabama red clay contaminating the scene, and b) the FBI agents don’t start shooting the US Marshals with their US Federal Government issued hand weapons.
Rob hands out hand guns stocked and stored for this type of emergency, since the day’s fun for a dedicated annual employee picnic has become a dictated day of work.
Cody and Hawk crawl into the rear bench seat. Mink occupies the passenger seat pulling out her laptop, types and search the newest data from the US Marshals Branch Office in Birmingham. Rob starts the cold engine, allowing it to warm.
“Professional hit, ya think, boss?” Hawk views his mobile telephone for the newest data feeds from the skeleton crew at the US Marshals office in downtown Birmingham.
Rob exhales, driving onto the roadway. “By the sound of it, maybe? But on a simple governor from the simple Alabama?” He advances to the Interstate expressway which will head towards Ironside, a twenty minute drive from the Roger Park Baseball Stadium.
Mink reads her laptop. “The USMS staff has talked with the FBI. There are currently no death threats on Governor Ashmore. Period! He is…was only a simple governor from the simple Alabama,” views her cowgirl boot toes, pondering a long work night. She will need to contact her sister to care for their elderly mama tonight. Mink has three grown children and eight wonderful grandchildren.
Mink is the oldest professional deputy within the US Marshals field office in Birmingham, transferring as a young police officer from the Birmingham police department at the age of 25 years old. That was 36 years old ago. She will be 61 years old, this year. She whispers, “Time to retire.”
She should be the US Marshals in Birmingham giving orders to Rob, instead of Rob giving out his commands to her, five years her senior. However, raising three boys, a successful divorce, and an ailing parent had prevented her step-ladder track to be boss-man at the US Marshals office.
There’s only 24 hours in a day. When you work ten hours day for your pay, your personal life and pleasurable sleep eats up the other fourteen. She isn’t jealous of Rob, since he’s a good competent leader coming in five years after her reign of pretend princess when her first babe came into the world. Rob encouraged Mink to go back to college at night taking evening classes. She did and graduated with a master’s degree in Computer Science arming her with a laptop, instead of a shotgun.
She giggles thinking about his words: simple Alabama.
The great state of Alabama is not a threat to anyone. As a matter of fact, nothing happens in the great state of Alabama but any occasion silly fist fight between two rednecks at a football game.
However Alabama has it share of violence like the rest of the USA, especially with the metro city of Birmingham being ranked fifth out of ten of the most violence towns in the USA. The robbers, murderers, and thieves keep the local police units busy during the night and day, not her.
Mink has three more weeks of profession work at her job then full retirement with paid benefits, spending her remaining days with her grandchildren and free nights with her mama.
Her mama suffers from a debilitating rheumatoid arthritis illness requiring a permanent caretaker for her meal times, bath time, and overall protection of her fragile elderly folded biological body. Mink feels sad that her lovely mama can’t take care of herself anymore. Her biological sister has too many obligations with her work, her divorce, her children, her grandchildren, her house, and her everything else. So Mink will be able to take over that duty permanently in two weeks, six days,” views her watch. She smiles. “Eleven hours, 26 minutes, and four seconds,” giggles at her silly mental thinking. She turns her eyelashes back to the laptop.
Rob enters onto Interstate-65 heading west towards the second expressway Interstate-59. “This to me sounds more like a personal matter on the governor, himself. I bet the Ashmore family just got in the way of the murderer, unfortunately.”
Cody thumbs his mobile telephone texting Hawk’s girlfriend in secret. Hawk would kick his ass for playing for fun with the sexy adult female, when Cody retrieved an email address from her sexy smile during the baseball half-time break. He smiles. “Maybe the groom? None of his folks were there at the picture ceremony.”
“Could be a good second assumption….,” nods Rob at the young teen-ass excellent assumption.
Cody views Rob’s rear skull, growling. “Second!? Man, it be first like me.” He is very close to eighteen years and is classified as a highly supervised teen-in-need. He stands at six feet and seven inches with a batch of dirty shaggy blonde hair drapes over one aquamarine-colored left iris, not the other brown-colored right iris on a peach-pale face. His face holds last week’s black rough scruff encompassing a pair of nostril holes around two apple cheekbones then down to his throat. That will never be shaved until both Hawk and Tate toss his ass to the ground cutting his ugly black cat whiskers with a very sharp razor blade, maybe some cheek blood, but not Cody’s.

One year ago.
Cody found his mama murdered in cold-blood by his daddy at the age of sixteen years old then rammed a couple of folded fists into his daddy’s face for pure killing fury during his junior year in High School. The on-site local judge came to the house and sentenced Cody to a Work Farm in Ettaville, Alabama for both discipline and duty of a young mischievous teen-ass.
Cody lived and worked on the Work Farm for one year, six months planting corn, wheat, and cotton crops attending and graduating High School then completed college with an engineering degree at the age of seventeen and one-half years, classifying him as a genius teen smartass.
The state of Alabama’s Juvenile Department was concerned about releasing a young genius smartass into the world without proper parental support, so they enlisted Cody in the service of the US Marshals office under the watchful eyeballs of Rob McDonald as a deputy-in-training.

Present-day.
At the legal age of eighteen years in another three months, Cody has the option of staying with the US Marshals becoming a full deputy or venturing his neurons into a new field of study. In the meantime Rob watches…naw…adjusts Cody’s teen-ass behavior like a proud father-figure along with the assistance of another wild-ass deputy Hawkins known as “Hawk.”
Hawk leans into Cody’s face then mobile telephone. “Shut,” frowns. “Kid, delete that text now before I’s beat your butthole for playing with my snow bunny,” chuckles at the kid’s nasty tenacity. Brynard Hawkins is the second son of Luke Hawkins of Blountville, a small town fifteen miles north of Birmingham. However world history has proven over time that the second born child gets nothing in terms of property or money assets for making a living or providing for a future. Luke Hawkins proved to be no different, since his first born son was inheriting the profitable cotton plantation after High School graduation.
Brynard Hawkins, being a smart and wise hawk decided to join the local police department, becoming a deputy sheriff on the night time shift while going to college during the daylights hours. He graduated with an accounting degree then was invited by Rob to join the Birmingham field office of the US Marshals Service. Hawk wisely accepted the prime offer.
Cody chuckles at a silly brutal threat of five feet, seven inches of Hawk trying to beat the shit out of his ass. He quickly transfers the four sexy text messages for future eye-viewing later in the evening away from Hawk’s eyeballs. He sniggers.
Mink says to her co-workers while sending a text her sister updating the working late at the office tonight. “The FBI’s in the process of communicating with the church staff, the family cousins, the local neighbors, the wedding planner, the cater company, and all other relative persons of interest way too many names to rattle off, before we reach the church grounds.”
Hawk texts the female. “Why are we being called into this ‘fruit loop bowl of nuts,’ boss-man,” plans his late-night date with this hot chick from the baseball game.
“How many times does a simple governor get assassinated in simple Alabama?” Cody chuckles with the other deputies.
Mink says. “Newly promoted Governor Holland has called forth the Alabama National Guard to guard the church, the manicured landscape grounds, and the parking lot. The FBI is to investigate the cold-blooded murder, the Homeland Security office is to search for a terrorist plot, us little girls and boys are to clean up, and the local police department gets to take all the good PR credit.”
“As usual,” Cody smiles and reads the newest text from Hawk’s snow bunny.
“Lovely.” Hawk laughs, “….with all those competence…”
Cody texts the snow bunny. “Did you really mean to use that particular word, Hawk?”
“….US Federal Government agencies? Who’s really in charge, boss-man?”
“Did you really mean to ask that particular question, Hawk?” Cody texts the snow bunny.
“Governor Holland.” Rob says. “Look! First rule, our newly pledged governor has spoken. Second rule, we obey our newly pledged governor’s orders. Third, we let all the incompetence US Federal Government agencies do the work….,” pulls the truck off the Interstate-59 to the right then stops at the red traffic light.
“Until we’re needed by our newly pledged governor…,” says Hawk.
“Hawk goes to the head of the class.” Rob turns onto Grant Road stops, parking along the grass and sidewalk, since all the other law enforcement vehicles occupy all the parked spaces around the church. “Get out, folks!”
This team of US Deputy Marshals is Rob’s superstars. On the first day of employment, they figured out the bad villain stopping him in all places inside a roaming riverboat. The entertainment riverboat was heading down the Tennessee River from Decatur, Alabama for a fresh water ride, without blowing up the Wheeler Dam in Muscle Shoals.
Cody happened to be from the metro city of Huntsville recognizing an isolated patch of radiated yellow grassy weeds inside the bad guy’s vehicle. The yellow grassy weeds grew only on the landscape property of TVA (Tennessee Valley Authority) where the local Nuclear Plant was based.
Mink used her supernatural computer skills, tracking the bad villain, leading two radiation foot prints along the river bank to the riverboat, where Hawk engaged the bad villain. Hawk overwhelmed using his two brute fists, cat speed cowboy boots, and two-finger rooster pecking eye gout for a final defeat. FBI Special Agent Belfort took the first bullet for in his leg for Rob, making him the hero of the day.

Ironside. St. James Baptist Church. 1:39 pm.
Rob slams the truck door swinging to his team. “Show me your guns and cells.” Each team member holds a mobile telephone in the right hand and an issued weapon in the left. The new deputy is armed with a mobile telephone of technology and a hand gun for fighting. He pivots leading his deputies down the open road of Goldmar Street, crosses at the street intersection to Brad Drive, marching on the sidewalk. The three streets in Ironside are blocked north to south by the Alabama National Guardsmen with weapons between the neon orange barricades stating ing big capital letters: no admittance.
The media: newspapers, television, and radio reporters, photographers are huddled into their click groups videotaping, interviewing, and snapping pictures of green and yellow autumn tinted trees, flowering colorful bushes, law enforcement personnel who walk, talk, and stand around the tall red bricked St. James Baptist Church.
They strut towards the church veranda seeing the guarded double-door entrance point of the auditorium. They wear US Marshals body vest and gear but the FBI point man raises his palm. Rob presents his photo ID validating his deputies with a nod. The FBI nods his baseball cap handing off a paper folder with the recent gathered police information then clears them to pass into the auditorium.
The large auditorium smells like fresh cut garden flowers marking the crime scene, very usual. A police yellow tape outlines the entire crime murder sight forming an octagon-shaped around the church altar and the dead victims. The octagon space has been viciously ripped of pretty wedding decorations showing torn remnants of struggled and stranded flower petals and stems drifting under the pews from the foot and body wind.
Cody struts besides Hawk on top of the yellow paper snapping tiny electronic pictures onto his mobile telephone as part of the new technology law enforcement procedure. “This is so odd. I smell….I smell…”
“Gladiolus and…,” Mink clicks pictures using her mobile telephone.
“Lilac…,” Cody studies the empty pews, the dirty wedding runner, the altar, and the dead bodies.
Mink says. “Bouquets of flowers are draped at the end of each pew. The fresh smell is actually lovely encountering my nose holes being a grotesque murder sight to my eyes…,” frowns with disgust at the ugly mess. Rob hands her the paper folder with the names of the victims and a short summary of the viciously crime collected by the FBI.
“Lovely?” Hawk frowns with disgust absorbing the sick outcome of a crazy murderer, loads his mobile telephone with bloody and gross pictures.
Rob strolls down a bloody and dirty wedding runner. “The FBI has bagged and cleaned the crime area of loose evidence and materials. This white church runner for a bridal walk is marked with red circles around a set of particular red clay boot prints. The runner will be retrieved for forensics analysis in a few more minutes, so snap a pic with your neurons and cell phones for future referencing as we assist the FBI, CIA, DIA, HSA and all the other capital letters with the crime of the century in our great state of Alabama,” snaps pictures. “The FBI has grabbed all the flowers and movable possessions from the victims. Everything is in a stationary van or headed to the FBI crime laboratory for both chemical and bio-chemical analysis and processing. Mink’s absorbing the facts from the thin paper vanilla-folder then will pass to Hawk next.” 
Rob, Mink, Cody, and Hawk stand at the yellow tape viewing the bodies. The FBI technicians continue videotaping, bagging, and photographing of the victims and the victim specimen inside the marked space.
The organist is hidden behind a massive black baby grand piano as another team of FBI forensic experts work that space. The skull of the blonde faces down on the carpet. Governor Wharton Ashmore folds over the wooden floor on a side right of the photographer camera tripod.
Mrs. Allison Ashmore drops on top of her husband face up staring at the ceiling. Foster Gordon, the groom spread-eagles on a face and a stomach upon the wooden flooring.
Amy, the bride drapes over his body on her left side. Her eyeballs stare at the church altar.
Oscar crumbles on his left side on top of his wife Amanda, who stares at heaven.
Cody says. “Mikhail Kalashnikov was a tank commander during World War two who invented the AK-47 assault rifle. Then he died a poor rat, being a homeless starving mouse forced to leave his mother Russia like a thief from some jealous IRS assholes that wanted him to pay his share of his mother Russia income taxes.”
Mink says. “Thanks, Cody.”
“I made up that last part.” Cody winks at Mink.
“We know that, Cody.” Mink smiles and studies the crime scene.
Hawk says. “A Russian Saiga AK-47 rifle with pistol grip on a side-folding stock by the way is usually an imported hunting style rifle semi-auto from mother Russia.”
Cody snaps pictures with his mobile telephone. “An AK-47 can be stripped in less than a minute and cleaned by a nine-year old child, since there are only eight moving parts and cheap-ass reproductions all over the world.”
“AK-47 wet work, I agree with Hawk and Cody.” Rob nods scanning the messy crime scene.
“…‘cuz Cody Mack did it.,” sniggers Hawk.
Cody smiles and snaps pictures. “Yeah! Doggie-do.”
“Jeezus. Call DHR…,” Hawk enjoys teasing the mischievous but magnificent teen-ass referencing the Department of Human Resources for abused children by abused guardians within the state of Alabama.
“DHR doesn’t talk to the Lord, only lawyers.” Mink taunts Hawk who enjoys teasing the kid too much. She servers as both the mother and the co-worker to the young teen-ass upon learning all about Cody Mack on his arrival day to the US Marshals office as a deputy-in-training. Cody had lost both his parents during a violent domestic physical altercation on a hot humid August night. His daddy was sentenced to die by death from a single needle inject ordered by the state of Alabama Justice Department on a first degree cold-blooded murder charge of killing his mama, the next year.
Cody snaps the pictures. “There are estimated to be 75 million AK-47s built and brought in the world, since the invention in the year 1945. It weights 7.7 pounds in a single hand, comes prettily in either silver or black light alloy with a 35-inched fixed wooden stock. The barrel length is 16.3 inches. The ammo weights 1.1 pounds with a rate of fire at 100 rounds per minute in fully-automatic.”
Rob grins. “Finally, Cody says something useful to the investigation,” teases the kid who has been academically and mentally tested and measured with an IQ of 180 and badly coupled with a maturity level of a four-year old child.
“Me, too.” Mink snaps the pictures.
“Me, three…,” says Hawk back stepping from the crime scene, swings to the wedding runner as Rob pivots and observes Hawk. Hawk says. “The killer’s short rifle holds 100 rounds of bullets with a folding receiver.”
Cody stares at Hawk’s movement and the wedding runner, too. “The muzzle velocity is 2,350 feet per second.”
“Another useful tidbit of AK trifle,” Hawk fingers the runner. “This is one thousand feet from the church’s altar is here. Hmm! The killer’s red clay boot prints were barely inside the church’s lobby space, when he lovely killed all the Ashmore clan,” studies the runner to altar, pondering the killer’s mental thoughts and physical actions.
“14.9 feet iron sight…,” Cody studies the runner to the altar, too.
“Thanks, Cody.” Rob walks down to study Hawk’s discovery.
Cody walks behind Mink. “The big AK letters stand for Avtomat Kalashnikova or in a cute Russia slang as Kalash.”
“Bless you my child…,” giggles Mink.
Cody says. “After six decades the AK model remains the most widely used and popular assault rifle on Planet Earth, because of durability, low cost, and ease of use as well as being manufactured in many, many, many foreign countries. The USA is our home, since another country ain’t our home, so it’s the foreign part of my structure American sentence,” smiles at Mink. “Why we say the term English sentence or English word, when we be Americans, not the English Great Britons. Why don’t we use and say the American sentence or the American word…”
“New school assignment, Cody.” Rob studies the runner to the altar pathway.
Cody studies the auditorium standing beside Rob, Mink, and Hawk. “The many, many, many foreign countries like Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Bulgaria, China, Cuba, East Germany, Egypt, Finland, Hungary, India, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Italy, Poland, South Africa, Sudan, Ukraine, Vietnam, Venezuela…,” breathes Cody then chuckles.
“What, no USA representation of fraud, greed or corruption?” Hawk smiles. “Well, shut my mouth, honey-child.”
“The AK is the most commonly smuggled small arms sold to governments, rebels, criminals, and civilians….,” says Cody.
“…including rednecks,” Hawk studies the bodies and the front door
Cody yells in a low timber under Rob’s watchful eyeballs. “Yee-haw.”
“Not yee-haw, Cody, dear. It is: O no, Bama rednecks,” Mink giggles.
Rob smiles. “Mink wants to take away our US Second Amendment inside the US Constitution.”
“Not, today, Mink.” Hawk joins the silly conversation.
Cody says. “The cheap ass production of an AK-47 allows it to be priced between 30-dollars to 125-dollars, US. But prices have dropped due to massive illegal counterfeiting,” chuckles with the others.
“Thirty bucks for an illegal assault rifle. Jeezus! Cody, please find me about three dozen. Okay, cub?” Rob says for fun.
“In the foreign country of Kenya an AK-47 costs four cows, down five years ago from nine cows.” Cody recalls his world history lecture from high school remembering every line he reads from academic textbooks and illegal downloads of illegal nasty articles.
Hawk chuckles. “Keep up the good shit work, Cody,” looks up at Rob. “Does he ever shut the fuck up, boss-man?”
Cody says. “The flag of Mozambique uses the AK-47 as its emblem when the leaders gained power by blood and bullets.”
Hawk chuckles. “Glorious.”
“Gorius.” Cody smiles.
“Gorius!? That ain’t a word, man.” Hawk scratches his nose, studying the murder scene.
Cody says. “The coats of arms in the foreign countries of Zimbabwe and East Timor both use the AK-47 gun symbol.”
“The USA regards the AK-47 as the weapon of choice of insurgents, gangsters, and terrorists…,” says Mink.
“…or just crazy people in general,” Rob nods.
“Right on, Rob!” Hawk pads down the wedding runner towards the rear wall of the church altar.
Cody says. “A musician converted an AK into a guitar which hangs on the wall in the United Nations.”
“Now, that’s a way to enforce foreign diplomatic peace talks.” Mink giggles.
“Talk about overkill of rapid firing. I see two assault rifles dotting the folks and the wall, ya’ll. My smart neurons estimate that there’s almost 200 rounds. I repeat 200 bullets over here.” Hawk knees on the protective plastic, not touching the peppered wall but seeing the bullet holes.
“Geez! Two hundred bullets….,” whispers Rob scouting the dead bodies then looks down at the red clay boot prints for his depth and dance patterns. The runner is twisted by the killer firing so many rounds of an AK-47.
Mink exhales and views the bodies. “Lordy, the victims didn’t have a chance to even breathe a last breath.”
Cody smiles and studies the wall. “The chamber is chromium-plated increases the life parts of the AK by resisting corrosion and wear. This is important since most military production ammunition contain potassium chlorate inside the primers. Once fired the chemical elements converts to corrosive and hygroscopic potassium chloride, requires cleaning sorta like wiping your asshole clean after shitting to prevent foul-smelling into others’ nostrils...”
“Cody Mack, the needle on your nasty meter shows red for the day, buddy.” Rob frowns with annoyance at the teen.
Cody says and smiles for shit and giggles. “And the AK makes the chrome plating a common element on all modern military weapons. The stock fold is 25.4 inches in length.”
“Enough, Cody.” Rob says and moves towards the wall for verifying the count of 200 bullets.
“It sounds like a pop-pop-pop distinctive disturbing noise within the sensitive eardrums.” Cody sniggers and studies the bullet holes, too.
“Like pop, pop popping popcorn.” Mink says her special sound of an AK-47t.
Rob exhales. “Yummy.”
“I pop.” Cody chuckles.
Hawk stops then whips to Cody, frowning. “Really!?”
Cody nods and snaps pictures with his mobile telephone of the bullet holes over the walls. “Really, bubba. I’m Swedish and being Swedish, one in ten Swedish big boys enjoy fucking up to six hours of daily porn.”
Hawk frowns. “Shit, naw.”
Cody grins. “Shit, yeah! I’m proud to be one of them that enjoy porn on a daily basis.”
“Shut up, Cody.” Rob reprimands with a fatherly tone, snapping more photos on his cell phone, criss-crosses behind Mink for his set of ugly pictures.
Mink giggles. “How’s old Cody Mack?”
“Underage…,” Rob frowns.
“Who’s in charge of Cody Mack?” Mink smiles and snaps more photographs.
“Ronald McDonald.” Rob frowns.
“I don’t know a Ronald McDonald, but I do know a Rob McDonald.” Mink smiles.
Cody smiles and snaps pictures. “The same Swedish boys like me miss school, pump iron, chew tobacco products and fuck girls keeping their lives real. And in the same survey fifty percent of girls look, do, and enjoy porn, as well.”
Hawk stops and stare at Cody’s shoulder blades. “God bless me! Where do I find me some Swedish girls, Cody?”
“In Sweden, dumbass.” Cody smiles when Hawk frowns then returns to work.
“Beautiful mint green eyes, pretty curly red hair, smooth pinky-pink skin on your hidden tushie along with a baby doll round face and a set of hot pink lips.” Mink smiles.
“What are you, Hawk?” Cody smiles and sniggers.
“American.” Hawk says.
Mink smiles. “What’s your ancestry, Rob?”
“Asshole.” Rob snorts.
Hawk chuckles. “Cody’s too.”
Cody chuckles. “Whoa, now! I didn’t know that was an ancestral category.”
Mink giggles and swings to Rob. “I didn’t know both blondes and baldies were in the same asshole ancestry database.” Cody possesses pretty locks of curly blonde hair riding his broad shoulder blades covering his dumbo earlobes. Rob is going bald fast with thirteen or fourteen wimpy gray strands covering the crown of his skull as an elderly mature husband, father, and grandfather.
Rob nods. “The asshole ancestry consists of many types of skull colors including bald, blondes, brunettes, black, and red-heads, skin tones of pale, yellow, black, brown, pink, and…”
“Blue…,” Cody sniggers.
“A blue asshole!?” Mink smiles at the reference. A blue dead body, its life is sucked out of the pinky-beige to dark brown skin then turns a color of pretty purplish-blue hours after eternal death.
“I didn’t hear the skin color of Mink.” Cody smiles at her who substitutes as his pseudo-mama. She wears a pretty dark color skin tone of black mink compared to his real mama who was painted in pale rabbit white. “I guess these folks are just sweet-holes,” winks.
A mink has a long sleek body about two feet in long, short stubby legs, webbed feet, a long neck, small ears and eyes, a long thick tail. One-third of the mink’s length is its tail with brown strands among black fur and white fur around its chin. The fur is very soft and very thick covered in oily guard hairs making the animal’s coat waterproof.
Mink oil is used in medical products, cosmetics, and waterproof animal leather. On the Work Farm in Ettaville, Alabama the farmers and jailed students lived off the land, the lake, and the livestock consisting of cows, horses, goats, chickens, pigs, and other wildlife scattered around the 350-acre farmland.
A mink is a dark-colored semi-aquatic carnivorous mammal of the family Mustelidae, a weasel. The fur of a mink is highly prized for its use in coats during the cold weather snow and ice wintertime. In ancient times of the USA the pioneers hunted the mink mammal for clothing. Modern day farmers raise the mink on farms for money profit.

One year and six months ago
On the Work Farm, where Cody lived for one year and six months along with three families of minks, the farmers would trap and kill the feral weasels to control the family nests from eating all the pond fish in the lakes and fruit berries inside the lush green woodlands.
A mink is a night-time animal active during twilight of dawn or dull light of dusk living in forested area near rivers, lakes, ponds or marshes. It is carnivore eating muskrat, rabbits, mice, chipmunks, fish, snakes, frogs, and birds. It kills its prey by biting like a vampire on the neck muscles. A female mink has three to six kittens in a fur-lined ground level nest. The babies are weaned at six weeks old but stay with Mama for five months then are turned-out as adult hunters.
The mink swims around the water for food hunting, diving for fish supper as deep as sixteen feet. Like the land-locked pretty black and white skunk, the ugly-faced mink-weasel releases and viciously sprays Bama rednecks or coon dogs with a foul-smelling liquid gold-color.
The aim of the mink is more lousy than a three-year toddler with a real pump action shotgun, since it body marks the nesting territory with an ugly scent warning off future invaders from its den. A mink den is located along a lake bed or a hollow log or an abandoned muskrat den. The mink’s nomadic flaw, the kittens leave the den then the mink parents sell their den moving to another one.

One year ago
A cool day afternoon in November three coon dogs and Cody were hunting along the lake bed then stumbled upon an ugly sight of a big smelly tomcat viciously killed by a ghostly-vampire. Cody saw four tooth marks displayed on the neck of the tomcat which was lying beautifully on its side in the yellow dying grass of late autumn. The dogs barked and found a second feline female cat then a third feline with the same fang marks and chunks of feline’s meat missing from its belly. The dogs barked for a second time alerting Cody of a new discovery. Cody dashed to a smelly fish lying outside the lake water among the yellowish-green weeds then a second fish, and then a third fish, a beautifully colored metallic gold netted with black stripes. Each fish was slashed at the tail red blood coloring the pretty yellow wildflowers.
The dogs successfully tracked a scent of fresh blood from six more fish killings, totaling nine. Cody saw a row of sun frying golden scales in the bright light from a twilight hunt. Cody gently turned the fish over and over with his boot toe examining its body, found parts of its belly chewed out with a set of sharp fangs.
Yet, the pond fink had only eaten three mouthfuls of the delicious raw fish then freely left the physical evidence behind for a very strange Mother Nature purpose.
Cody pondered the physical fish parts and predator concluding that foxes or coyotes do not swim. And the carp school lives deep into the lake water requiring the pond fink to dive into the cold water for its prey.
The carnivore fink had engaged in surplus killings based on the number of dead fish and numerous bites of meat, probably to store a sufficient food closet for its wintertime hibernation, since the weather’s about to change into snow and ice in the month of December.
This pond fink had leaped from the bank into the deep water capturing and dragging a heavy fish to the air surface, swimming with its prey right back to the muddy bank for a quick gobble of supper.
Cody gathered one of the carps for physical evidence strutting back to the Work Farm to report his findings. Cody learned about a group of animal-lovers who broke into a near-by mink fur farm freeing the mammals. But Cody also had learned from the farmers that the mink were given another earned nickname, a killing machine.
The mink uses a mouth of sharp teeth, two pairs of webbed feet and a long lean body for both swimming and diving at the defenseless tiny colorful fishies in the local lake. With snake-features of a sneaky serpent the mink poaches and hunts all the cute little defenseless rabbits in the woodlands.
A Bama resident is not allowed to hunt mink with dogs, since the dog can get sprayed, first and second, might only wound the mammal, so the redneck hunter is required for this job. When Cody returned to the Work Farm the farmer educated Cody on the fine points of a successful mink capture. Bait a cage with smelly meat, trap the fink and then shoot it dead. The end.

The next day.
Cody touched the strands of silky hair feeling the softness, mentally thinking of his precious mama. He wished he could touch her smooth pale face desiring to give the precious fur as a gift of his love and devoted respect. He slowly dragged the dead animal from the open cage by its long tail making up one-third of its long lean body, recognizing the sex organs, male.
The mammal had mercifully died from sucking the blood and eating on the poisoned fish meat trapped inside its prison when an automatically rigged door shut after a tiny manual trigger activated, all complimented and designed by Cody. The fish meat was secretly doctored with poison by one of the Work Farm veterinarians for a humanity kill requested by Cody.
Cody could shoot, spit, and saddle like any other true Bama cowboy but killing a defenseless mammal with a hand pistol trapped inside a cage had gnawed his guts into girly hair ribbons.
Cody cuddled the dead daddy mink into his chest patting the soft fur, thinking of his own dead Daddy, too. He sobbed with deep emotional feelings, wiping his eye sockets and runny nose until the sun bounced up from the pink and yellow horizon of a new morn. Cody whipped the accumulated crusted snot from his face after placing the five dead minks inside a soft cloth bag. He slowly walked drove towards the farm house.
For sixteen months of his required jailed time, continuous schooling, and weasel hunting, and his academic studies. He had learned. When a mink is happy, it purrs like a kitty cat. Cody never ever had seen a happy mink.

Six months ago.
On Cody’s first day of professional work under the watchful supervision of Rob McDonald and a happy hug from Shirley Purcell the nice behavior had activated an old mental memory of her smooth silky skin and warm motherly touch causing Cody to think of his mama. He smiled for all eardrums inside Shirley’s hug. “Mink coat…,” sobbing sucky tears.
His fatherly guardian, professional employer, and academic monitor nodded and chuckled a Cody’ sucky teen behavior. He chopped off the two-word extension renaming Shirley as Mink making the young teen feel accepted into the new home environment.
A mink coat is colored both in black with strong highlights of brown hairs smooth and soft to the touch like Shirley’s skin to Cody. Fur is the oldest form of clothing in the world. When the first cavemen and women or Homo neanderthalenisis tromped their naked feet from a summertime yellow wildflower scene into a wintertime snow and ice covered land making the hominids hunt and don many dead animal skins for both heat and comfort, the first use of animal fur.
Also a mink coat represents both glamour and sophistication like Shirley to Cody.

Present-day.
They huddle at the front doors. “Dang right, Cody!” Mink swings and smiles to Rob.
“I learned something new today at school, mama.” Hawk studies the door, the runner, the altar and then the dead bodies.
Cody giggles. “The projectile weight is 122 grams of pure shitting power.”
“I’d say that they each received significant wounding effects of tissue damage as in dead, Cody.” Mink says.
“However if the projectile, ya know the bullet exits the body then it produces a relatively minor wound.” Cody smiles.
Hawk says. “Shut up, Cody.”
“What is a relatively minor wound?” Mink frowns at Cody.
“I just told, ya’ll. Geez. Please open your eardrums. The bullet exiting a body produces a relatively minor wound.” Cody frowns at his co-workers.
“….which continues to a relatively major wound of dead from an exploded shot,” Hawk winks. “Right, Cody?”
Cody frowns at him. “Hawk’s a…”
“Don’t, boy!” Hawk frowns at Cody.
“….a…,” Cody smiles.
Hawk shakes his skull. “No, hoss!”
“….a smart-ass,” chuckles Cody.
“Shut up, Cody.” Hawk frowns.
Rob says. “Back to business…”
“Berrington,” Cody shouts.
Hawk drops his mouth. “Right, Berrington! Cody, you’re not supposed…”
Rob says. “I can see that most of the bodies have four or five shots going directly into the heart organ or around the chest hitting the lungs for an extra measurement of death on departure.”
“A very good shooter…,” nods Hawk viewing Cody.
“He or she didn’t hit a face, either.” Mink nods to Rob.
Cody will never forget his heart-felt touch and personal face of death on his Mama, exhaling and views Mink. “He wants us to see his personal and private massacre of the Ashmore family wedding party.”
“Live debates?” Rob nods starting his unorthodox cold wash session of their accumulated exchanged criminal facts conducted at the crime scene. He records all verbal comments on his mobile telephone.
The FBI is the head US Federal Government agency securing the murder site allowing the other US Federal Government agencies to view privately the entire crime scene compiling and gathering any additional valuable forensics information, sharing with all the involved agencies. This tragic murder involves a public civil servant Alabama’s first family Governor and Mrs. Ashmore and their biological children plus spouses.
The entire crime scene will be collected then carted and stored inside a few secret crime labs in Alabama for testing, retesting, analysis, re-analysis, and final secret results then will be scrubbed clean and shiny by the US Federal Government before reporting to the American public.
Mink nods. “The bodies do not display multiple wounds to the head, only the heart.”
Cody says. “Heartbroken,” places his hand over his heart.
Hawk slams his collar bone. “Shut up, Cody.”
“No execution-style shooting,” Mink says.
Hawk shakes his skull, standing in the killer’s exact spot. “Ya know, my first impression of this mess would be something like this. If I hold both hands parallel to the wedding runner imitating my ten fingers and two hands like a pair of hand guns my index finger represents the barrel and my folded hand the hilt with a thumb up for the eye sight. Then I shuffle my hands up and down motioning them like a firearm at the dead bodies. It looks like a gunfight at the OK Corral. Bang.! Bang. Bang…”
“We live in the south, cowboy.” Mink frowns.
Rob studies Hawk then the layout of the dead bodies and finally Hawk for a second time. He frowns with puzzlement. “Explain that thing you did again, Hawk.”
Hawk holds both hands like hand guns. “See how the bodies are angled funny. Oscar’s on top of his wife Amanda….”
“The murderous coward shot first the photographer assistant in the back.” Cody sneers.
Hawk raises his index finger like a hand gun. “Correct, mate! Picture this to me looks like the gunman took out the organist and then he…”
“He!?” Mink frowns at Hawk.
Hawk shifts his index finger up and down like shooting a gun. “He, as in male, from my observed but still working-ass out murderer theory, he killed the organist, first then the photographer who didn’t have chance in hell. Then he killed the governor then his wife and then Amanda. He swiftly re-loads a second magazine since there are 200 pot holes of bullets decorating the tan-colored wall. He quickly rotates the AK-47 back targeting Allison and then…”
Cody studies the bodies and walls. “Yeah. I see the complete picture now, Hawk. He rotates the killing machine from left to right like reading a murder novel,” then holds his hands in a gun position firing fake bullets at the dead bodies, too.
“O no! Ya just don’t do and say that, Cody.” Mink frowns at Cody as Cody sways side to side pretending to be the killing machine. 
“Cody’s shit his white lace panties, again. Rob, change the baby’s diapers please, since the dookie’s affecting his mouth.” Hawk sniggers firing his fake bullets at the dead bodies, too.
“Sorry. It just slipped out that way.” Cody fires his fake bullets.
“What type of gun would do that fire from left to right without stopping?” Rob ignores the bantering studying the walls and dead bodies.
Mink nods. “He used a silencer. No one claims to have heard an explosive noise from the outlaying neighbors.”
Cody asks. “Does that mean the killer is left-handed?”
“Or right-handed…,” Mink says.
“Or both left and right handed?” Hawk says then silence lingers in the air. Eyeballs cut to each face about that unbelievable murder theory.
Rob scans the door. “Where’s the governor’s security chief for Ashmore?”
“Right here!” A man: tall, business suit advance from the door behind Rob. Rob swings around accepting his hand then the other deputies’ hands. “I’m Ray Kemp. To address your question and heightened concern first, this is Alabama with two guards for the governor and no guards for the lieutenant governor…,” smiles.
“I’ll be pissed off...,” Cody snigger.
Mink pinches his arm. “Hush, Cody.”
Ray chuckles., “Second, Governor Ashmore had instructed his under-paid and well-trained body guard protection to stay inside his privately owned residence in the city of Mountain Stream during the quickie morning session of a few wedding photos. The rehearsal dinner last night actually lasted after midnight for both the guests and the wedding party. We all slept late into the morning today with permission from Governor Ashmore. The body guard protection was also assisting the local police unit in checking any last minute wedding guests for the gigantic blow-out evening wedding receptions. That’s plural, too. In essence, Ashmore signed his own death warrant, a foolish choice…”
“….more like…a foolish chance this happened at all,” nods Rob.
Cody nods. “I agree with Rob. This is the great state of Alabama nothing happens here…”
“…except my chosen college football team wins the National Football Championship, again. Bam U!” Hawk smiles.
“….which was the previous last year, good buddy,” Cody chuckles and slaps Hawk’s collar bone.
“This year, man, watch me and Bam U dance a jig on your tomato plants,” Hawk chuckles with Cody.
Rob frowns. “Hawk!?”
Mink says. “Back to our working out theory 101. Hawk, please enlighten Mr. Kemp about our killing chat-chit.”
“O no! Ya just had to say it, Mink…,” laughs Cody.
Hawk says to Kemp. “My theory is the shooter used two guns…”
“No way, buddy.” Cody shakes his skull. “That theory’s flying towards a foul ball.”
“Off track, Hawk.” Mink shakes her ponytail.
Rob nods. “On base, Hawk, I like the theory of two guns. I think it’s plausible.”
Hawk fingers the crime scene. “The way the bodies fall is proof of my kill theory. If Amanda was shot, first, starting from the left to right kill theory then Oscar would lay on his left side or back, instead his right side. With a second gun the rotation angle would motion like a western movie with the hero….”
“….or villain…,” Cody says.
Rob nods. “Okay. The villain attacks the victims all the same time even in a Hollywood movie film.”
Ray nods at him. “Pretty good theory there, Hawk!”
“We can work that angle implying the shooter is male…,” Hawk nods.
“Not female?” Ray frowns at Hawk.
Rob smiles. “Mink, can ya shoot with a left hand without handing the pistol with both hands?”
“After three beers like Annie Oakley, I can do that great feat, boss-man and I promise ya’ll that I wouldn’t hit nothin’ but my cowgirl boots. I was properly police trained to shoot a hand pistol with both hands. Upon hearing Hawk’s working theory I can’t shoot two guns with a single trigger finger, without missing my intended marks or moving bodies. That’s coming from a female.” Mink nods.
“A very competence female with a firearm,” Rob nods to her.
Ray asks. “So far, the profile is male with shooting knowledge of double fire arms and strong hands with arm muscles.”
Hawk fingers each body, “…five…six…there are six of them.”
Mink fingers each body. “No, Hawk. There are seven victims. You forget to include the poor lady organist.”
“I meant to clarify that there are six members in the immediate Ashmore family inside this paper folder from the FBI.” Hawk faces Ray, asking. “Is this file update?”
“Absolutely…,” Ray nods at the folder.
Hawk fingers each victim. “Wharton, his wife Allison, the first born daughter Amanda is married to Oscar. His second daughter Amy was going to marry this afternoon. So where’s the third biological daughter?”
“Third daughter?” Rob scans the bodies.
“The third biological daughter is named Amber. Amber Ashmore. And she’s missing from the crime scene.” Hawk views Robs.
Cody sniggers with the hand toss. “We solved the murder mystery. The daughter killed everyone. Good job, Hawkins, old buddy! That was fast. And we’re good,” when Hawk fist-bumps with Cody, chuckling. Mink slaps Cody’s collar bone then Hawk’s.
“Is Amber still hidden inside the interior of the church or outside among the oak trees and fruit bushes of the church grounds?” Rob views Ray.
Ray shakes his skull looking at his boot toes. “The church, the lawn grounds, the bottom level basement, and the parking lot are empty of pedestrians, neighbors, church staff, family members, and guests. The only occupants are located here in the auditorium where the wedding was taking place today. Amber should sadly be here among the dead.”
“What about the small chapel on the east side of the church?” Mink asks.
Ray explains. “Empty and clean of dust, dirt and danger….”
Rob questions. “Where’s Amber?”
“Does she live out of the State of Alabama?” Mink inquires.
Hawk scans the paper folder. “No. She’s a native living here in Birmingham.”
“You know this from personal experience, Hawk?” Cody smiles.
“Naw. Amber’s the pretty one and not married, yet…,” smiles Hawk.
“The lady’s man…,” chuckles Cody.
“Here, here!” Hawk whispers into Cody’s face, smiling.
“Do you know her, Hawk?” Rob views Hawk.
“No, sir.” Hawk says.
Mink exhales. “If Amber lives here, is missing then has she’s been kidnapped from the wedding scene by the gunman? He wants a money ransom, too.”
Ray says. “The collected evidence so far didn’t suggest a struggle or fight with the gunman for any of the poor victims. We didn’t find any leading notes, stationary or letters of forgiveness of ransom notes for a missing daughter, either. Honestly, that novice concept hasn’t occurred to any US Federal agents here on site. Since this mess on the floor represented everyone located on the church grounds at the time based on preacher-man Brother Langford’s first encounter with the wedding party, before the photographer showed up for the photo session. He’s outside with the FBI covering the lawn grounds for any new clues.”
Cody nods. “If she’s not a victim then she’s the killer…”
“Hush, Cody…,” whispers Mink.
Hawk says. “I disagree. I didn’t think so. We determined that the shooter was a male with both sight and strength for performing with two handed weapons. I’m not changing my working out murder theory.”
Mink asks. “What about the television announcement?”
Rob says. “The US Marshals office will announce a new member to the list of wanted fugitives. He is described as five feet and six inches and weights 125 pounds. He has a bald head and brown eyes.
If you have any information about this fugitive, call us. All tips are anonymous and there are rewards available.”
Cody says. “If she’s not the killer then she’s a witness…”
“Witness!? Excellent point, Cody…,” Rob nods. “We need to find her, stat.”
“If she saw this mess Amber must be hiding, maybe somewhere inside the church.” Hawk scans the walls.
Mink frowns with worry. “Then Amber is traumatized, frighten, or injured maybe needing medical treatment, also.”
“All of the above, deputies,” Rob nods.
Cody inquires. “Why didn’t the preacher-man mention Amber was missing from the wedding party to the FBI?”
Mink reads the report saying with sadness. “The organist was his wife.”
“O boy!” Hawk moans.
Ray reads his mobile telephone. “I know the address on Amber Ashmore. She doesn’t live at the governor’s mansion in Montgomery or use the family residence in Mountain Stream. She lives right here in Ironside on Goldmar Drive.”
“Goldmar Drive, that’s the next intersected street from the church….,” Rob exclaims then swings to the door. “Her house is around the corner. Launch it, deputies!”

home of Amber. Goldmar Drive. 2:19 pm.
Ironside Alabama is located in Jefferson County five miles east of the Birmingham and 134 miles west of Atlanta Georgia with a population of 9,813.
The city was incorporated on October 19, 1887 and named from a steel furnace production plant located nearby. The furnace is known as the Cahaba Iron Works for the employed people but the local folks have nicknamed it, Ironside. The first United States Post Office was established on June 3, 1872. The geographical city is between Homewood and Mountain Stream townships within the Birmingham metro area.
The nearby tourist attractions include the Southern Museum of Flight, the Birmingham Zoo, the Birmingham Museum of Art, the Sloss Furnaces National Historic Landmark, the Oak Mountain State Park, Ironside Municipal Park, and Ellard Park. There is the Ironside Shopping Center for teen clothes, and the Birmingham Botanical Gardens for smelling flowers. The city of Ironside hosts an Annual Whistle Stop Festival, where you can purchase various handmade items of whistles. 
Rob, Cody, Hawk, and Mink follow behind Ray racing out the front doors of the church. They fast walk down the sidewalk looking for the house number. The team collects two more FBI agents strutting down the sidewalk doing an interview process of the local neighbors for any eyewitnesses of the crime.
The group huddles under the front porch of Amber’s house. Ray twists the door knob. “Locked.”
“We need to get inside like now.” Cody studies the door then windows.
“Scout around back, ensure there’s not been a break-in or unexpected company has not arrived inside…..” orders Rob as the team of deputies and agents draw their individual hand guns.
Hawk leads turning an east corner of the house dancing on squatted kneecaps, points the gun, first at the grass then second at any surprisingly slight frightened movement. He sees the manicured lawn of the neighbor and the numerous FBI agents who search the affluent neighborhood for more clues of the murders. Hawk scans the well-groomed lawn, fresh ground flowers, trimmed bush hedge, and maple trees blocking the nosy neighbors and peeking toms. Amber likes her privacy living as a chic city slicker.
Hawk nods to the FBI agents then scoots around the patio. He sees a small kidney-shaped garden swimming pool with the deepest water depth of four-feet, not much bigger than a hot tub used for show than sports. There are one lounge chairs for a single girl.
He smiles with delight. She’s single.
Hawk and Cody advance toward the doors re-checking the back yard for any new people or animals. Clear. “No show of forced entry.” Hawk studies the doors.
“Looks clear from our end too,” the FBI agent says from the opposite side of the building as Rob and Ray sneak behind Hawk and Cody.
“Pick the lock, anyone?” says Rob when Cody stands then exhibits one of his special talents along with an array of his special instruments from his vest, grinning.
“Are you breaking and entering, without permission…,” Ray asks Hawk.
“No time for debating. We have to find Amber Ashmore or…,” exhales. “And I don’t wanna write a memo explaining the busted down front door to her Homeowners Association….,” chuckles with the others. Cody pops the bolt then eases the door open with a gentle touch.
Rob exhales. “You’re too comfortable with that smirk, Cody.”
“Your orders, boss-man.” Cody enters holding his gun ready to kill from a surprise attack of either Amber or another invader then squats on the left side of the space.
Hawk two-steps to the right wall inside the living room scanning the space. He motions for Rob and company to advance one-at-a-time. Hawk shuffles low to the tile in a crouched position leaning against the wall and book case, without visually seeing the entire space. Rob, Cody, Ray, the two FBI agents squat across the door and walls watching Hawk. Hawk slowly eases a face around the corner of the bookcase scanning the room.
Hawk see a female in front of the windows under a set of low hanging green fern plants parallel to the book case. She is parked in the center of the white sofa covered with bright pink and red roses attached to dark green plant stems sewn into the fabric.
Hawk stands holding his gun then two-steps left against the wall hiding and watching her. Nothing. He two-steps in front of the bookcase in plain view, watching her. Nothing. He two-steps beside the sofa in her eyesight and watches her. Nothing. He paces forward near her left and watches her. Nothing. He slides in front of her as she totally ignores him. He stands in confusion staring at her then motions Rob and company to advance into the room.
Rob marches and motions for the other deputies and agents to search the remaining rooms and closest. He stands beside Hawk staring at the female.
She prettily sits straight and tall with her back muscles against the sofa. Her feet are planted on the tile wearing the same bridesmaid gown as her dead sisters. A small nosegay of tightly curled yellow rosebuds is held against a waistband with both hands. Her arms are covered in satin gloves passed the elbows. Her auburn wavy hair falls down to her waist and around her neck is a matching sapphire necklace worn by her dead sisters.
Amber does not speak, move or react to Hawk standing with a hand gun drawn on her. She quietly sits and stares at the far wall blinking her eyelashes with her biological automatic reflexes.
Hawk lowers the gun then twists to Rob, frowning with puzzlement. The other deputies and agents are scouting around the home in case Amber has some secret company hiding and waiting upstairs. Rob stares with puzzlement as Hawk studies the dark foyer. Cody plops down the stairs when Mink exits the kitchen.
Ray and the two agents park beside Rob. Mink and Cody land next to Hawk. Eyeballs stare and study the lonely bridesmaid. Rob lowers his weapon then says. “Amber Ashmore!?”
“Yeah.” Cody fingers the framed picture matching her features. “A photo of her and her dead daddy Governor Ashmore from a guest bedroom…,” pockets the weapon.
Ray grunts the slaps Rob’s shoulder. “Congratulations, US Marshal on your find of Amber Ashmore. My work’s completed here, ladies and gentlemen. I must scoot to service our new governor of Alabama. I believe your judge likes to express, your witness,” chuckles. The US Marshals office reports to the Justice System of the US making all the Federal judges their supervisors.
“Thanks, Ray…,” Rob shakes his hand then Ray exits Amber Ashmore’s house.
The FBI agent shakes Rob’s hand, saying. “This is your possession, Marshal. I’ll inform my boss of your discovery,” exits the front door then says. “We’ll be in touch, Rob.”
Rob nods. “So, will we.”
Cody stares at Amber. “I gots another working-ass out theory.”
“Yes.” Rob studies Amber.
Cody fingers her. “If we’re going on the assumption that she’s a witness then maybe she saw her family in the state of dead after the shooter shot and kill them. Then she just zoned out of time and space from the immediately bloody trauma. So we be chasing a wild goose thing, not the real racehorse.”
“That’s a fresh point of view, Cody. We could be witnessing severe clinical trauma from Amber.” Rob nods. “But for now let’s try and talk to the girl. Mink, could you please do the honor?”
Mink nods. “Yes, sir,” stores her weapon and removes her vest dropping it to the floor. She looks like an elderly grandmother than an eager police officer. Rob, Cody, and Hawk back pedal towards the built-in mini-bar and bar stools eagerly watching Mink’s motherly action.
“Miss Ashmore,” Mink softly words. “My name is Mink like the fur coat.” She smiles kneeling on Amber’s right side, not touching the young girl. “Miss Ashmore, I’m Mink. May I call you Amber?” Amber does not speak, move or act. She blinks her eyelashes staring at the far wall holding the nosegay between her gloves. Mink says. “Amber, did you see Amy today?”
Amber blinks her eyelashes staring at the far wall holding the nosegay between her gloves. “Amy is getting married today.”
“Yes, Amy…,” Mink smiles and nods.
Amber stares at the far wall and holds the flowers. “Amy is getting married today.”
Mink nods. “That’s right. Amy...”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber stares at the far wall holding the pretty nosegay within gloves hands, not moving her arms, legs, feet or head.
Mink views Rob. He motions to advance. Mink stands then walks to the mini-bar for a committee meeting.
“Zombie princess mode…,” Cody chuckles.
“Shut up, Cody.” Mink frowns.
“Post-traumatic syndrome?” Rob studies Amber.
“Without a doubt…,” Mink exhales.
Amber stares at the far wall holding the flowers between her gloves. “Amy is getting married, today.”
“Can you switch the channel?” Cody chuckles as Hawk whacks Cody’s bicep then the teen chuckles again.
“Shut up, Cody.” Rob frowns.
Amber repeats, “Amy is getting married today.”
Cody chuckles. “Mink gets zombie princess duty, tonight.”
Rob stares and studies Amber. “Mink does not. She’s got computer work to do.”
“What?” Cody drops his mouth and views Mink.
Hawk chuckles. “Wished ya got that Master’s degree in computer technology now, Cody?”
“What computer work?” Cody frowns. He possesses an engineering degree from Birmingham University and can tap dance on a keyboard, too.
“Tracking down the shooter…,” Rob smiles.
Cody whines. “We don’t have a good description of the shooter, Rob.”
Rob smiles. “That’s why Mink has too much work to do. This babysitting assignment falls to,” views him. “Cody. Since he’s being an obtuse ass from last week to the start of this week.”
“It’s Saturday, the end of this week…,” whines Cody.
“Exactly.” Rob nods at Mink.
“Hey! The new week doesn’t start until tomorrow on Sunday, the Lord’s Day..,” whines Cody.
“Shush it, Cody!” Mink frowns at Cody. 
“Short straw wins the Dipshit Deputy Challenge,” Cody views Rob then Hawk. Rob nods as Hawk scratches his forehead and stares at Amber.
“I gotta call my sister. Please excuse me!” Mink shuffles into the kitchen for a private family conversation.
“Shore, Mink.” Rob says.
“Don’t know. The fairy princess is….,” Hawk studies Amber.
“Come on, Hawk. You got one-third of a chance of losing.” Cody wiggles his eyebrows, not wanting to babysit the girl.
“Or winning…,” grins Rob.
Hawk exhales. “The US Deputy Marshal’s primary job is to protect witnesses for the Judiciary Branch of the US Federal government. This girl probably has seen the shooter, probably needs some body protection and probably requires both hours of mental and physical non-sleeping supervision during the early evening and late night. So’s Cody gets an equal chance of bumping off the genius and handsome team leader assignment by harassing him with the stupid silly childish short straw contest of the infamous Dipshit Deputy Challenge,” winks at Cody. “I’m in.”
Robs runs a fair and just shop allowing the deputies to pick and chose their cases, while the eager deputy learns and participates in different ways contributing to a team approach.
Hawk likes operating in a team approach. However this solo eye witness will be the team leader’s sole responsibility from this day forward until the case is completely solved with assistance from the other US Federal Government Agencies including the FBI, CIA, HSA, and other capital letters of the alphabet. There has been a direct kill-assassin of a US public civil servant the governor of the Alabama thus the entire process of finding the shooter, bringing him to trial, and then convicting him could take months.
The short straw contest is a tradition rather than a challenge. If a selected team leader does not want the presented job then he calls the words: deputy challenge. Any and all active deputies can play in the challenge with a chance of not-winning the pole position of team leader just remaining one of the team members. Thus, the challenging team leader becomes “the dipshit” when “the deputy” loses his own vocal call in the pretend mind game.
Rob returns from the kitchen with Mink who smiles and giggles. She says. “The Dipshit Deputy-do Challenge. Awe! I love my Cody cub.”
Rob carries a batch of plastic straws cutting into three straight vertical lines with his pocket knife, represents the challenger weapons. He raises the three straws for each deputy to select knowing the short one.
Rob likes the Deputy-do Challenge building both character and competition while keeping Cody and Hawk both out of major or minor trouble.
Cody grabs the middle straw, grinning. The length is a good pull being long, maybe allowing him to bow out of this assignment serving as a team member, not a team leader.
Hawk exhales then views Amber. He returns his eyeballs then retrieves the straw raising the tiny object as chuckles boom around him.
Cody smiles and slaps Hawk’s shoulder. “Congrats, buddy.”
“Shut up, Cody.” Hawk tosses the short straw into a wastebasket behind the mini-bar. He exhales and whispers. “Okay. He’s permanent team leader trying to find the shooter which can only be answered by miss pretty Amber Ashmore,” smiles and moves to her. He unzips his vest and un-latches the gun hostler from his chest. 
Rob orders. “Mink, please take my truck and get gear for video recording and arrange to have Cody’s and Hawk’s personal vehicles and some clean clothes brought from their apartments here for our lifetime duration until the shooter is found.”
“Sure, Rob.” Mink swings to front door driving Rob’s truck for her assignment.
Cody chuckles shaking his finger. “No outs, Hawk.”
Hawk says. “Find the thermostat turn up the air to eighty-five degrees.”
“Shore thing, Hawk.” Rob scoots off the stool.
Cody frowns at Rob then Hawk. “What the dang for? We’ll all burn up inside the cool house. It’s ninety degrees outside, Hawk.”
Hawk smiles. “First, you address me as boss-man and second, she needs to rest maybe, a quiet nap would re-boot her mental systems back into function mode.”
“I like your plan, Hawk.” Rob raises the needle higher inside the thermostat. “The warm air will make her tired and sleepy, relax her locked brain cells. When she awakes Amber might just remember the entire sequence of gun shooting bloody events helping us solve this little problem quickly.”
“Sleeping away her troubles, huh?” Cody removes his gear and gun readying to sweat.
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber stares at the far wall and holds the flowers.
“Something like that.” Hawk smiles.
“Geez. You sound like Austin Berrington.” Cody eye rolls.
“Who?” Rob sits on the stool watching Hawk.
“Hawk’s hero.” Cody laughs watching Hawk do his female sweet thing.
Hawk says. “Naw. A new thriller e-book called The Quartet by ipam that I found on the Internet. It’s…,” swings and narrows his eyelids at the teen. “Cody, that e-novel has murder, sex, and curse words to complicated for you little fragile teen mind. Hell in the fuck, did ya get hold of that particular novel, without the permission of a grown-up over the age of eighteen, boy?”
“Back to the zombie princess…,” Cody fingers the girl and giggles.
“Teen nerf, round us up some food and drinks while I doeth my thingeth with the cute fairy princess.” Hawk smiles at her.
Cody laughs sliding off the stool. “I bet ya hundred...naw…two hundred bucks that you can’t make the fairy princess talk, Hawk,” chuckles. “Talk hawk. That rhymes. Talk hawk. Talk hawk, Talk…,” enters the kitchen.
“I’m boss and I’m cute. She can’t resist my southern charms, boy-redneck.” Hawk squats and stares into her pretty face recognizing her from various television programs, local newspapers, and local magazines.
Amber is the quiet sister of the Ashmore family, if possible. Her older sister Amanda was married to an attorney living in Montgomery, Alabama’s state capital. The coupled did not have any children, a blessing in this bloody murder case.
Hawk cringes with pain and sadness, thinking the little ones might have been orphaned or directly killed from this sick tragedy.
Amanda enjoyed the media television spotlight along with her popular handsome husband as they attended social charity balls and political events throughout Alabama. She favored the middle sister Amy with red-carrot hair, pale skin, tall with curvy body part of a nice girly figure.
Amy, the middle child was getting married today to an investment broker who resided in Mobile. She had attended the public politically and social events with her Daddy, the newly deceased Governor Wharton Ashmore and his wife and her mother Allison Ashmore. The governor was into his second year of his governorship. Hawk remembered seeing Amy numerous of times with her parents traveling around the state, appearing and speaking in small towns for social events.
Amber had campaigned for her daddy too then after Wharton won the governor’s race she virtual disappeared from the TV limelight. 
Mink is working the computers databases of the FBI, CIA, and HSA collecting data on all social, financial, medical, and economic about the Ashmore family.
At the moment, Hawk didn’t recall if Amber was in college, worked or married. Based on a single lonely lounge chair at the pool and a clean sparkling house he guesses she is single. There was not a third dead male representing one more groomsmen on the floor as her wedding escort. Amber wasn’t bringing a social date to the wedding.
Hawk smiles and stares at her, hearing.
“Amy is getting married, today.” Amber repeats.
She looks like a real princess in the blue plantation ball gown with the long white gloves covering her arms and a sparkling sapphire necklace around her neck. Amber is from a pretty world of class and etiquette. Even in the tanked economy of the US, the first class rules with social banquets, designer clothes, fast imported cars, and other luxurious material possessions, while unemployed people watch their miserable world fall apart.
Hawk isn’t mad or jealousy at people with millions of dollars in the bank. Life is a struggle to be free and provide for yourself and your family as stated in The Bible by Almighty God.
Hawk slightly questions the big disparate between the social classes of rich and poor. Some are doing well. Some are not doing well. The not doing well seems unfair to working or unemployed families who need money paying for simple things such as food, heat, gas, and shelter.
Hawk doesn’t know the personal financial numbers for the Ashmore real estate properties in Birmingham and Montgomery, but he is quiet certain her house is paid. The lawn is nicely manicured by a professional landscaper and the interior is cleanly mopped by a maid service, since Amber has inherited money, probably from her daddy.
Hawk is a boy from a rural farm of hay, cotton, soybeans, cows, and what ever else his daddy planted to make a living for a family of four in the country hills of Alabama. Hawk was raised like a pig in the town of Blountsville known for the living and breathing 2,735 rednecks.
The farm started out belonging to his great-great grandfather giving it to his first born son Nate Hawkins. Nate passed the farm to his first born son Samuel by-passing the first born daughter Samantha. She married another farmer in Blountsville down the road.
Samuel left the farm to Hawk’s daddy Luke. Luke signed the farm over to his first born son Joseph. Brynard is the second born son of Luke without luck and nicknamed “Hawk.”
Hawk also understands and respects the old southern tradition that the first born gets everything such as the real estate, the first car, the biggest money allowance and all the good opportunities. The second born has to fins for his or here selfie. If you happen to be the third or fourth born child then there is nothing left in the pissing pot.
Joseph is two years older than Hawk aged 30, married at age 22 years to his high school sweetheart Wanda. They welcomed a son last year, a new heir to the Hawkins’ Cotton Farm.
Hawk isn’t mad or jealous of his brother living in the four bedroom ranch house off the main road of Hawkins Farms. During the hectic harvesting Hawk pitches his two hands and boots to help out at the farm. He had realized at a young age that Joseph would inherit the crops, the cows, and the chewed cull.
Hawk was a bright kid working a full-time job, studying for an accounting degree at Birmingham University after graduating high school as opposed to Joseph.
Joseph took full responsibility of the farm at the age of twelve, baling hay and driving the old pickup truck with their daddy feeding the beef cows. He elected to rule the farm, not college spending his sunrises learning the water irrigation, the pest control system, and the soil temperatures for both the cows and crops. Hawk got to chase down the bad guys ruining the American dream.

Six months ago.
On Cody’s first reported professional day of work, a loco nut stole a lunchbox-sized case of radioactive platinum from the Huntsville Nuclear Plant in Huntsville, Alabama. Every state and federal government agency was called into the search by plane, train, and copter participating in the state-wide manhunt door-to-door foot search looking to catch and apprehension the male.
Cody, Mink, and Rob were introduced at the start of a fast hot-wash inside the US Marshals office and then assigned a stake out scout task for their first assignment of the working day. They traveled fast in one van to Decatur, Alabama lounging at a Decatur Inn as the boys and girls planned and then executed the play game with the other law enforcement agencies.
Cody recognized the geographical spot from the outer space satellite photograph living his past short teen life in the Huntsville area. The photograph was taken on the Tennessee River against a line of trees in the fresh water on the riverbank, not on a grassy meadow land.
Off duty deputy sheriff Hawk from Morrison, Alabama was fishing from the bank river enjoying a short vacation on the Tennessee River in Huntsville when he spotted the law enforcement action. He didn’t own a boat so he stole one then conned the two FBI agents to jump aboard. Captain Hawk drove the speed boat criss-crossing the water looking for the male. Hawk communicated by two-way radio on the speed boat with Mink who relayed a tracking pattern of little tiny dots of semi-lighted prints in the red clay around the picture’s sight.
On boots, the deputies discovered a floating entertainment riverboat docked at the Decatur Marina heading out for a grand party tour of Wheeler Dam.
Hawk sailed the speed boat to the dock then winked and sweet talked the young female attendant into letting the boys go on the sightseeing tour without the required expensively purchased money tickets promising a dinner and a dance with her, after the tourist-tour. As the team searched the occupied guest cabins they found the male. Mink expertly pinpointed a set of tiny pink dots of radioactive remnants within his personal clothes, the hidden underwear.
As the single chase and fist fights ensued from the cabin, down the hallway and on the deck Belfort got a flesh burn from the male’s firing hand gun. He dropped his ass down the boat deck, out of commission. Rob assisted, instructed, and guided the paid passengers out of the dining room into the hallway, and off the docked riverboat. Cody searched high and low for the radioactive lunchbox.
Hawk greeted the male face-to-face hacking and whacking two fists, ten knuckles, fingers, and two legs for a final battle. Hawk 1.  Nut 0.
The young deputies saved the day, the riverboat, and the dam. As usual, they accepted their thanks with pats on the back and a paycheck, two weeks later.
After the male was caught, booked, and sentenced for jai, Rob invited Hawk to celebrate at the Styx Restaurant near his home of Gardenville, the outer city limits of Birmingham. Rob sat on the opposite side of the booth sipping on the sweet tea with lemon and offered Hawk a permanent position as US Deputy Marshal with the Birmingham office. Hawk accepted without restraints or reservations. Since all Bama boys and some girls know how to shoot, ride, spit, and holler from birth. Presently, Hawk just gets to do for pay.
Hawk studies Amber. She possesses the mutated red gene from the Ashmore trait in her hair, also, but a softer color of light auburn with highlighted golden strands shimmering in the sunlight. The color probably assisted with her Christian named Amber. Her skin tone isn’t pale or pink-colored like most red heads but bronze with strikes of golden glows like amber probably from her ability to suntan by the pool.
Amber stares at the far wall holding the flowers. Her eyes are light brown with a touch of gold specs like amber, too.
He smiles.
She is named correctly. Her hair, skin, and eyes all match the color of amber. Amber’s name and coloring isn’t the only feature that differs from her biological sisters. Amanda is short appearing around five feet, three inches with sexy curves like her mother Allison.
Hawk chuckles, “Too short.”
Amy is tall and large for a queen-sized girl from one of her grandparents.
Hawk frowns, “Too tall.” 
Amber is a little above average height standing five feet, eight inches with a slender body, having no trouble touching the floor with the shoes, leaning her back muscles into the thick padded white fabric cushions. Her neck is long and elegant along with taunt lean muscular arms. Hawk smiles and whispers, “Just right.”
He kneels on the tile holding his hand on the sofa armrest steadying his body. Hawk is average height and slender from his hard work and sweat of farm life helping Joseph when he isn’t playing police officer for Morrison city limits.
He wipes his face not knowing what to say as a professional psychologist rather than a confidential redneck. Amber needs some guidance and help with what she has or hasn’t witnessed at the church like when the agents needed some guidance and help bringing that crazy nut to American justice.
“My name’s Hawk…,” he smiles and studies her amber-colored eyes.
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats blinking her eyelashes at the far wall, holds the flowers between her gloves.
He nods, smiling. “That’s great. Your name is…”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats then Hawk swings to Cody who has set up his lunch. Cody eats then chews with his lips parted, since the teen-ass eats 24 hours seven days per week. He sits at the mini-bar watching, not aiding.
Hawk views her. “Do you want a cold beverage, Amber?”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats then he views Cody. Cody nods and motions to proceed with eye witness questioning.
He views her then exhales. “Allow me to fill in the blanks, okay? Your name is Amber.”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats when Mink appears inside the foyer.
Rob flies down the stairs when Hawk stands. He moves to form a small huddle with sitting Cody, standing Mink, and lecturing Rob. Rob smiles. “The three-bedroom and two-bath house is empty, quiet, and very clean. Whoever’s her maid service, I’m jealous.”
“Well, that means she’s single.” Cody winks and chuckles at Hawk.
Mink frowns at Cody. “Is that important?”
“Probably for Hawk, it is.” Cody eats then chews with bad southern manners.
“The electronic alarm system is deactivated.” Rob says. “She turned it off in her zombieness state.”
Mink says. “Typical post trauma, her daily day and night time routine doesn’t alter, only her current perception of a single bloody tragic event of losing her entire biological family unit.”
“Agreed. She possesses a very good alarm system. The wiring is embedded into both the metal screens and metal door frames. The paid alarm company is hot-wired to both the police and the local fire fighter and rescue station.”
“Excellent.” Mink nods.
“Ya fretting over my safety, boss-man.” Cody smiles with food between his teeth.
Rob smiles. “Naw! Unless you make Hawk mad and he shoots ya dead, then Hawk gets impeached and Mink’s in charge.”
“Alright. I’m in charge.” Mink smiles and nods.
“Not yet.” Hawk frowns as team leader.
Rob says. “Here’s the overall surveillance plan. Set up eight hours shifts, one in bed, one with her, and one walking around everywhere outside, inside, anywhere. Mink’ll set up tape and record all communication devises including the telephones, computers, and her.”
Cody views Amber. “Her?”
“We’re going to record Amber’s nonsensical verbal comments…,” orders Rob.
“Is that legal, boss-man?” Mink asks.
Rob answers. “I’m making it legal. I’m getting a federal judge along with permission of the new governor of Alabama to grant me, the permanent guardian custody until she recovers from her zombie princess state. I fear that Amber might say something that we’ll miss as hard evidence for this weird-ball assassin case. We can analyze her verbal statements and body language, each night for any mental progression.”
“For how long…,” Mink studies Amber with worry.
“And if she doesn’t get out of her zombie state…,” Hawk studies Amber, too.
Rob scans each deputy. “We try our way, first before the US Federal Court gets involved.”
“Her family!?” Mink views Rob.
“All dead!” Hawk says.
“Other family members are going to object….,” nods Mink.
Rob studies Amber. “At this point in time she is a federally protected witness and the only one who can tell us what really happened to her dead family.”
“ID the gunman…,” chews Cody.
“All of the above and beyond.” Rob nod when the front door cracks opens.
The team of audio boys and girls stroll into the room setting the audio and video equipment. They know their jobs setting up the tripods of camcorders, audio tape records, and other metal and electronic equipment throughout different directional angles covering the rectangular living room space. The camera lens focus and point on Amber Ashmore who sits prettily on the white sofa.
She repeats. “Amy is getting married today.”
The AV team leader wiggles the cable along the floor in front of the four deputies towards an electrical outlet, frowning at Rob. “Has anyone bothered to mention to ya’ll that the air conditioning is out? It’s hot inside, here. I’m sweating,” when the deputies smile and chuckle.
Rob fingers Hawk. “Complain to the boss-man, right here.” Hawk waves and smiles at the rotating camera lens on the wall.
The AV team leader laughs, shaking his baseball, walks to Amber. He adjusts the tripod stand then the microphone, “Testing 1, 2, 3…,” looks at his co-worker, holds a thumb up for the okay signal of good sound. The co-worker nods.
Amber repeats. “Amy is getting married today.”
The AT team leader shuffles to his team, whispering. The team exits the house. He moseys to the deputies, looking at Cody. “Cody won the short straw contest.”
“What? How did he know?” Cody smiles with food particles inside his teeth then munches on food.
“It’s written all over your face, Cody.” Mink smiles then sips her beverage.
“What’s written all over my face, Mink?” Cody smiles then chews.
“Your smile, the numerous animal grunts and the ease of victory. You’re not the team leader,” looks at girl then Cody. “…for this assignment. So that could only mean that Hawk lost the Dipshit Deputy-do Challenge,” chuckles and winks at Hawk along with the other deputies.
Rob smiles and nods. “He’s good.”
“He’s great.” Cody smiles with food particles then munches on more food as the AV team leader grabs one of Cody’s sandwich, tosses his free hand, back stepping from the huddle.
“Great’s left to be seen. Ya got her file?” Rob views Mink.
“Thanks AV team leader.” Hawk smiles and watches him dash out the door, closing it shut.
She nods. “Here ya go, Rob,” hands the thin paper folder. “That’s all the available data from all sources including the CIA, DIA, FBI, HSA, and other mixed capital letters of the USA,” giggles.
“You said that in alphabetic order, Mink.” Cody laughs then chews.
Rob views the folder. “I really wanted more information. She hasn’t said anything but…,” looks at Amber.
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats blinking her eyelashes, stares at the far wall, holding the flowers between her gloves.
Cody laughs. “Right on cue, Rob. How’da ya do that magic?”
“Hawk does magic, not I.” Rob reads the paper folder.
“I hope that’s figuratively, Hawk.” Mink smiles.
Hawk smiles. “My magic, I upped the body temperature in the room. I thought she might get sleepy and tired for a short nap. The sleep rest might revive her old memory cells.”
“Excellent plan, Hawk! If she’d take the bait? She’s seems still both stressed and anxious to my gray matter.” Rob reads the folder.
The mobile telephone sings a jazz song when Mink reads her phone with the latest information from the FBI. She views Rob. “Boss-man, we need a quickie conference.”
“Use the kitchen…,” Rob says following behind Mink.
Mink sits at the table, reading her mobile telephone. “Just in, house fires at Amanda’s home in Montgomery and Oscar’s house in Mobile.”
Cody gasps. “No way!”
Hawk exhales. “O boy!”
“What does it this mean?” Cody views Rob.
Rob shakes his baling skull. “Covering up physical criminal evidence, I’d guess. Was the FBI able to recover any items from their homes?”
“The FBI is relaying that answer to me over the email system, right this minute. Email is great.” Mink reads the broken text messages then paraphrases. “And the answer is no. Firefighters have responded to both blazes, but the houses were too engulfed in full pretty yellow, red, and blue flames. The firefighters have performed with heavenly miracles keeping the flames from spreading to their neighbor’s lawns. It’s hot in dog days of August with no rain fall here in Birmingham, Montgomery, and Mobile.”
Cody chews his food. “Fires start quickly and end never.”
Hawk exhales. “O boy.”
“The FBI’s still emailing me. Let’s see. The FBI had raided the governor’s mansion immediately after the announcement of the murder before some bureaucrat tries to cover up an assassination or the assassination. They’ve retrieved three plastic boxes of Ashmore’s personal bank financial records and income statements for the past six years, before his stem in the governor’s office and after his first two years. Whoa! The final conclusion is that Governor Ashmore was almost broke. He currently has $4.56 dollars in a checking bank account at Third Alabama Bank.”
“He owns a business.” Rob stares the clean kitchen counter in Amber’s house.
“He sold the business in February of this year along with emptying a saving account, cashing out his pension fund, an IRA accounts, some blue blood stocks in some elite top 100 companies. All gone! All cashed out…,” nods Mink to Rob.
Hawk views the archway with Amber sitting outside in the living room. “He needed fast cash for a particular fast reason which we might never know. But I bet Amber’s knows for shore.”
Rob views the archway. “That offers a twist on her mental illness.”
Cody views the archway. “It does at that, ya’ll.”
“Why was Wharton murdered if he’s poor? Except maybe, he’s being blackmailed.” Hawk views Rob.
“With no monies…,” Mink shakes her ponytail.
Cody views Rob. “That’s why all his monies are missing from his bank accounts.”
“Good point, Cody.” Rob nods.
“Does an Alabama governor need money? Maybe he just moved it to another investment account? I am an accounting major. He can move monies around at anytime and anywhere without the interference of no body,” Hawk nods.
Mink frowns. “Where, Hawk? In Switzerland? Or the Caiman Islands of Bahamas? He’s required to file an Alabama State and US Federal Government income tax form for all collected and recorded revenues including his salary of 68,000 dollars and odd cents.”
“Right, Mink.” Rob nods.
Mink says. “And as an Alabama governor he has the use of the mansion for free, the bullet proof limos for free, the security for free. Everything is free for him for at least four years, in which he has served two of the four years. I do believe his personal bank account would be over flowing into a second FDIC bank account of an additional $100,000 making his net worth about $200,000. He doesn’t need any of his money to pay for stuff.”
Rob says. “He has a personal residential house in the city of Mountain Stream, part of the metro city Birmingham district.”
Mink scans the paper folder from the FBI. “The FBI mentioned that Governor Ashmore paid all his bills for the month on time. I bet not with a very low almost non-existence Third Alabama Bank account. Banks only pay invoices with money, at least mine does. The joint account of Amanda and Oscar, and Amy’s personal Third Alabama Bank accounts are nearly at $0.00,” turns the page. “And Foster Gordon shows a balance of $10.21 dollars at Third Alabama Bank. However the Ashmore family member paid all their invoices on time left with no nickels for a movie and a bag of popcorn,” frowns at him. “This is really weird, Rob.”
“Oscar was an attorney” Cody says.
Hawk nods. “By paper name only, he attended all the governor functions with Wharton using the mansion, the limos, the security, too. And he lived in a big house in Montgomery.”
“We paid for that too.” Cody frowns.
Rob says. “We should not be paying for Foster Gordon’s personal property. Let the FBI check on that.”
“Who paid for the Amy’s wedding?” Cody asks.
Rob says. “Good question, Cody. Weddings are very expensive.”
Hawk says. “The taxpayers did.”
Mink shakes her ponytail. “No way! This isn’t the foreign country of Great Britain and the Ashmore’s are not the royal family of Alabama. Alabamians do not pay for the governor’s or daughters of the governor’s wedding ceremony. Someone else did that with big bucks. The church was covered in expensive floral arrangements of purple, yellow, and white flowers.”
“Let the FBI figure that out.” Rob steals then reads the paper folder from Mink.
“Who benefits if the Governor Ashmore dies?” Hawk inquires.
“The FBI just answered your question your prayers, Hawk. Hold on!” Ming reads the broken text then thumbs more questions. “They quickly analyzed the Last Will and Testimony of Wharton. So far, Governor Ashmore left in order to his wife, first and then all assets and liabilities shared equally among the third daughters, second.”
“That’s normal.” Cody sips the beverage.
“Now, there’s nothing left to share with the dead daughters. Hmm! And how convenient that is all goes to Amber.” Rob views the archway.
Mink says. “The land can be sold.”
Rob says. “No. That’s part of the fixed assets along with a house. Right, Hawk?”
Hawk nods. “Definitely! What about the governor’s life insurance policies?”
Mink reads the texts on her mobile telephone. “The FBI just addressed that mystery question. Governor Ashmore had life insurance policies on himself, his wife Amanda, and single daughter Amy…”
Rob views the archway. “Is Amber’s name on that list?”
Mink scans the texts. “I don’t see her name.”
Hawk says. “I don’t hear her name, either.”
Rob says. “Neither, do I?”
Hawk says. “Ashmore has cashed out all his monetary funds all at the same time including the stocks and pension,” nods. “He must’ve been getting blackmailed.”
Rob nods. “Agreed. I bet the FBI’s thinking the very same thing, buddy. Let them boys investigate that angle. Anything else to add to our breakfast club, Mink?”
Mink reads the newest text. “Yes. Amanda let the house insurance lapse on her home. It’s not covered to replace one single bricks with gooey white mortar.”
Cody frowns. “That’s weird.”
Hawk says. “This entire conversation is weird.”
Rob says. “What happens when you run out of money and abandoned your homes then there’s fire. The fire happens to inflame and burn two of out of four private Ashmore homes.”
“Bizarre.” Cody frowns.
“What about their outstanding debts, Mink?” Hawk inquires.
Mink reads the new texts. “Amazing, you and the FBI are on the same brain frequency, Hawk. No mortgages, no car notes, no credit card invoices, only the monthly invoices of the electricity, the cable, the internet, the landlines, and the mobile telephones and some minor purchased services like newspaper and magazines. All the bills are paid on time with no money in their individual bank accounts. How in the hell do ya perform that miracle ‘cause I need to use one or two of them?” She smiles as Hawk grins with the same mental thought.
Rob inquires. “What kind of car did Amy Ashmore drive?”
Mink answers. “This year’s model, a new sleek white SUV.”
Hawk asks. “Who paid for it?”
“The FBI can work on that. What type of car for Amber?” Rob inquires.
“I’ll go and look.” Hawk scoots towards the garage.
“Sounds to me like the Ashmore’s have a nice secret benefactor…,” Mink frowns at Rob.
“Maybe a rich uncle type…,”Cody, stares at the open garage door where Hawk investigates the car.
Rob asks. “Could be? Has the other Ashmore extended family members been noticed by the police rather than by the television reporters?”
Hawk sits at the table, smiling. “A nice damn foreign little two-seater sports car, silver with a hard top and a stick with 11,756 miles, last year’s model.”
Rob asks. “What about Amber’s financials?”
Mink answers. “I posed that particular question. The FBI is investigating and told me to hold.”
Hawk looks at the garage door. “I bet she doesn’t owe a dime on that car.”
“Well, I think we can presume the gunman had a valid MO.” Cody nods.
Rob frowns. “What’s the MO, Cody?”
Cody smiles. “The secret benefactor is paying for all the Ashmore’s expensive toys and monthly bills. He must’ve gotten tired of the mind game. So he eliminated the fluffy players in the poker game,” chuckles and nods.
“A new working-ass out theory….,” smiles Hawk at Cody.
Rob nods. “The only one making sense at the moment too. Good job, Cody. So mama, daddy, and sisters and brother-in-law are all dead. Who benefits in the poker game now?”
Cody fingers the archway. “Amber.”
Hawk shakes his skull. “Don’t jump to a wrong conclusion, Cody. She definitely saw something terrible with her eyes.”
“What about the empty bank accounts of her blood relatives?” Mink says.
“She must be blackmailing her own family then she’s the benefactor we’re seeking.” Cody nods.
Mink scans the kitchen. “Nice house, new car, maid service, lawn care, and she’s young. What’s her chronological age? She’s twenty-eight less than thirty years old. How many single girls own a house at twenty-eight years of age, without some type of financial assistance?”
Hawk nods. “Amber was a member of the wedding party. Does that sound like she was blackmailing her family? They invited her to the wedding.”
Cody chuckles. “Maybe the other Ashmore’s paid to eliminate her as the blackmailer. But the shooter got the wrong text pic in his cell phone.”
“Ugh, Cody! You get a spanking for that one, son.” Mink frowns at him.
Hawk shakes his skull and chuckles. “She got the upper hand. Cody, your imagination is beyond abnormal.”
“Thanks.” Cody smiles and nods.
Rob chuckles. “Whoa the galloping horses, we’re definitely writing science fiction here.”
“So Amber saw what she had planned and executed and then went into total traumatic shock, buddy. Wake up, she did it. She is the murderer of her own kin folks. All the physical hard criminal evidence links of the missing monies, the bank accounts, the insurance policies, the cars, the houses. Everything finger points to Amber.” Cody fingers the archway, nodding.
“I’ll wait for judgment from the FBI, her defensive attorney, and the courtroom trial.” Hawk nods.
Mink nods and smiles. “We can help the FBI by finding her bank accounts and records. There’s a den across from the dining room, maybe she keeps her financial statements and invoices in there as a good bookkeeper,” nods.
Rob nods. “Good idea! Go and look, Mink. Bring back anything that might answer all those posed questions plus the ones we ain’t thought of.” Mink stands then exits the room. Rob slaps the table. “Summarize, what do we don’t and do have?”
Hawk exhales. “Nothing! A batch of empty bank accounts, two house fires, seven dead people and…”
Cody nods. “No witness, no gunman, and no weapon.”
Mink gallops into the room rattling the papers, smiles. “Unbelievable, Rob. I found her bank statements and Amber is rich.”
Hawk extends his hand. “Let’s see.”
“Give to the CPA.” Rob orders as Mink presents the stack.
Hawk views the papers. “O boy! This is a private portfolio cash investment account. It shows Amber is worth….,” stares at Rob then the paper, “…over $68 million.”
Rob drops his mouth. “Are you certain?”
Hawk nods, studying the next page. “Absolutely certain. She is very, very rich. She could buy anything she ever wants, desires or dreams.”
Cody exhales. “She’s a thief.”
“Hush, Cody.” Mink frowns when her mobile telephone sings. She reads the new texts. “The FBI has emailed. Hawk’s correct. Amber indeed is a multi-millionaire with her own assets fully paid by her own monies. The FBI texts to me that she took charge of her own bank accounts at the legal age of eighteen investing heavily in the stock market. Amber is a financial genius raising her personal capital cash investments over 200%, last year.”
“Does Foster Gordon, the dead groom fit into the Amber’s financial money mix?” Rob inquires.
Mink reads the texts. “He was Amber’s stock broker, but she steered her own stock funds. Amber has numerous personal bank accounts of money throughout the state of Alabama in particular in the cities of both Montgomery and Mobile.”
Hawk says. “The FDCI only covers one bank account at a time up to $250,000. So it makes sense that she has numerous bank accounts used for numerous mysterious purposes. She might have a slush fund to pay for example her electricity and telephone invoices in a simple checking account while the other $68 million sets cozy inside a mixed investment portfolio collecting free interest.”
“How much dollars and cents interest from her personal bank account on a total financial amount of $68 million, Hawk?” Rob asks.
Hawk calculates in his mind, smiling at Rob. “At the current rate of 3.8 percent it’d be about $2.5 million and some change.”
“I can live on that.” Cody smiles.
“Amber most likely does live on that also. That’s why her investment portfolio’s massive.” Hawk nods.
Rob asks. “The money’s accounted for. What about her professional work record or citizenship award?”
Mink says. “The FBI just checked. She’s a model citizen. She pays her state and federal income taxes, personal invoices, and donors her money to the local churches and social charities. She doesn’t work but volunteers at the church we just left. No parking tickets, speeding citations or disturbing the peace violations. This young adult is clean and a good role model for Cody,” giggles at Cody.
Rob inquires. “What do you think now, Cody?”
Cody shakes his curls. “Something’s fishy here. I don’t know what but something stinking up the left side of the Tennessee River bank.”
Rob nods. “And I agree with Cody. Something’s rotten in Denmark. And I don’t mean Denmark, the foreign country. What do you think Mink?”
Mink exhales. “She’s faking it, isn’t she?”
Cody nods. “She’s a fake and a felony.”
“Hush, Cody.” Hawk says. “Amber isn’t faking it. I can feel it. I determine it to be some type of schizoid personality trait from a trauma. That girl’s traumatized. She’s in a deep trauma shock with symptoms of stunned, dazed, and numbed from a psychological association with her dead family murders. It’s a defense mechanism protecting her psyche from the full impact of the trauma, until she can better prepare to assimilate the tragedy into her mental mind.”
Rob says. “She repeats that statement.”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber echoes inside the living room.
Hawk says. “Her repetitive words suggest her inability to deal with the current situation and ultimately with a complete tragedy. She has lost her entire family in one afternoon.”
Rob nods then views Mink. “What do we do, Mink?”
“Amber has regressed to a passive state of mind where help from any individual isn’t welcomed. I believe that she should eye view the crime scene, again. Maybe she would pick up a hint that one, her family is dead and two, manifest the shooter’s face for us.”
“And if Amber continues to mumble only that sentence?” Cody asks.
Hawk frowns with worry. “You’re going to sent her to the State of Alabama mental ward. She’s our prime witness, Rob.”
Rob nods. “I understand that. She could be in danger for herself. I must think of her safety as well as you as her protectors. What if she turns on you, anyone of you?”
“We’re watching her 24 hours and seven days for any slow movements or quick changes?” Hawk says.
“I realized why ya suggested turning the heat up so she can sleep. But Amber is fully conscious enough to resist the temptation of rest.” Rob nods.
Hawk smiles. “That’s a good sign. She thinks. She sees. She feels.”
Cody shakes his curls. “Wrong, Hawk! She’s manipulating her own subconscious on a sub-conscious level. I concern Amber can be dangerous to us all,” views Rob.
“Let the record state that I don’t agree.” Hawk views the archway.
Rob exhales. “I know that I’m making a rash decision, now. I’ll call the FBI escorting Amber back to the church, reviewing the crime scene, again. In the meantime, Hawk can personal watch over her and wait for me and Mink to return.”
“She’s a witness to a horrendous crime.” Hawk frowns with concern.
Rob nods. “I’ll keep that in mind.” 
“Rob, I’ll get my gear then drive my car over to church waiting for and escorting the FBI here to Amber’s residence.” Mink stands then moves towards the archway.
“Very good, Mink.” Rob and Hawk stare-down each other, when Rob stands then moves towards the archway, too.
Hawk stand then gallops into the living room. He studies her. She isn’t dangerous, only scared. He wants to help her. He approaches the sofa sitting on the sofa with her maybe if Amber recognizes another warm body next to her then she’d react and wake up from a terrible daydream. Hawk wants to touch her hand or cheek, being taught from the numerous First Aid medical lessons, not to scare the patient in this case, the witness.
He watches his co-workers. They gather their gear to leave Amber’s house for the church as Cody sits at the mini-bar waiting and watching him and her. Hawk exhales then says. “Amber.”
“Amy is getting married today.” Amber repeats, staring at the far wall, holds the nosegay between her gloved hands, sitting prettily on the sofa.
Hawk whispers into her face. “You are very pretty. I like your dress.”
Amber blinks her eyelashes staring at the far wall, holds the nosegay between her gloves. She says. “My dress is sapphire blue.”
Hawk smiles at his co-workers. They stop working then twist to Hawk. Cody gives the thumbs up signal. Mink gasps when Rob flings his hand for another quickie conference. Hawk slides off the sofa then into the huddle. Rob says. “What da ya do, Hawk?”
Hawk shrugs. “Don’t know. I told her she was pretty. I mentioned that I liked her dress then Amber changed her repetitive sentence for some reason.”
Cody smiles. “She’s responding to your sexy husky voice, Hawk. Try something else different.”
Hawk looks at Amber with excitement and nervousness. “What do I say next? Any suggestions? Anyone?”
Rob shoves Hawk to the girl. “You’re doing great. Go back and perform another miracle, Hawk.”
Hawk strolls then sits on the edge of the sofa with her. His new question had gotten a new reaction, so a new question might get another new reaction. “You are pretty Amber. Do you want a cold drink?”
“My dress is sapphire blue.” Amber repeats staring at the far wall holding the nosegay between her gloved hands.
He frowns then smiles. “Amber, I like your blue dress and your white gloves.”
Amber blinks her eyelashes staring at the far wall holding the nosegay her gloved hands. “My gloves are long and white.”
Hawk stands then swirls viewing his co-workers. They nod and raise their arms at Hawk. She’s talking and telling more about her physical appearance. He sits not wanting to waiver the cushions on the sofa. “Amber…”
She repeats staring at the far wall holding the nosegay in her gloved hands. “My gloves are long and white.”
Hawk smiles her nose profile. “Amber, your dress is pretty. I like your shoes.”
Amber blinks her eyelashes, stares at the wall holding the nosegay with both hands. “My shoes are blue with bows.”
Hawk smiles. “Amber.”
Amber repeats staring at the wall holding the nosegay with both gloves. “My shoes are blue with bows.”
“Sir…,” the US Deputy Marshal Tate enters the front door holding his palms stopping the stranger trying to advance inside the front door of Amber Ashmore’s house, without permission.
“Out of my way, where’s Amber. I demand to see Amber…,” an unknown short fat male yells in a sissy timber inside the foyer.
Hawk races to the invisible edge of the foyer along with Cody, Rob, and Mink before the loud mouth and rude male appears inside the living room frightening the witness into silent submission.
A second taller younger male encounters the muscle line, first whipping a large body to the right as the bodyguard hits the wall from Hawk’s two-handed toss. The second male lands with a loud thud against the wall. Rob, Mink, and Cody form a line taking another hit.
Cody grabs a third taller younger male with a head lock using his quick biceps when Hawk halts the short fat male in a dark gray suit and yellow necktie holding his palms. Mink holds her gun at the short and fat male.
Rob frowns. “Who are you, sir?”
The short fat male ignores Rob and the deputies looking at Amber. He yells. “Amber, what’s wrong with you, girl? Snap out of it, young lady. You’re acting like a child. Get over here, now. We’re leaving. Listen to me, get up.”
“Sir, you are harassing a witness and…,” orders Rob.
The short fat male stares and snorts. “Don’t you know me, son?”
Rob shakes his skull. “No, sir! I do not.”
The short fat male smirks. “I am Congressman Davidson Ashmore. I’m her uncle. I demand to talk to my niece. I demand that you remove both your hands from me before I sue you for the harassment of a popular and respected Alabama public civil servant.”
“That’s great, sir. But at the moment Miss Ashmore is a witness to the…,” says Rob.
Davidson stares between the elbows of the deputies at Amber. “Are you telling me that Amber saw the killer of my brother, Wharton?”
Rob says. “Miss Ashmore has witnessed something terrible, sir.”
Davidson drops his mouth. “What did she see? Why isn’t Amber in the hospital or at the police station?”
Rob carefully says. “She is not in a very good talking mood at the moment, sir.”
Davidson smiles and stares at Amber. “I can make her talk. She’s play acting to get attention. She did this actress-act all the time as a little girl. You must tell her what to do. Or she doesn’t obey.”
Rob sours. “Sir, Miss Ashmore is not allowed to discuss any events.”
Davidson looks at Rob. “You’re joking. I’m her uncle. Enough of this silly nonsense, I demand to talk to Amber.”
Rob shakes his skull. “Not possible, sir.”
He sneers. “I’m Congressman Davidson Ashmore, sixth district. I pay your salary from my personal Federal US Income Taxes, US Marshal.”
Rob smiles. “Only, if ya actually write the check to the US Internal Revenue Service, sir.”
Davidson snarls. “How dare you insult me, son! I’ll have your badge for that impetus.”
Rob smiles. “For the record Congressman Ashmore, you are not my congressman. I live in district seven, not six. So I did not vote for your asset,” chuckles. “Furthermore, I wrote a check to pay my own State of Alabama income taxes which means I do pay for your useful state of Alabama public civil servant governmental duties. Therefore your professional state of Alabama public civil servant duty is not required here at the moment with your niece. Since you, Congressman Ashmore are interfering with my public civil servant duty as a US Marshal in the Birmingham field office. You need to leave, sir…,” nods.
Davidson frowns and jabs a finger into Rob’s face. “Leave!? I have never been treated like such white trash before in my long tenured years as a devoted and dedicated pubic servant of the great State of Alabama. I’m reporting you to the FBI.”
Rob smiles. “I reports directly to the Executive Branch of the US Federal Government, Congressman Ashmore. That be the President of the United States, sir. You are very welcome to file a complaint with my employer. That’s your right as a US citizen.”
Davidson exhales. “I’m enacting those US citizen rights. Yes, sir. Let it be verbal stated, I have demanded to talk my niece named Amber Ashmore. And I have been inequitably denied.”
Rob nods, fingering the black box. “Yes, sir. Your statement has been inequitably recorded. See the electronic devises in the sky, over the land, and on the table stands. We have state-of-the-art technology for helping us protect the only eye witnesses in this serious federal case of the US Judicial System, Congressman Davidson Ashmore, district sixth…”
Davidson drops his mouth then views the black box. “You…you are…you’re recording me. I mean this…this entire vocal discussion.”
Rob nods. “Sir, all audio and visual has been noted and recorded for everyone’s welfare and safety of their persons.”
“I’m leaving but I’ll return with my lawyer to see Amber for obstructing my right as her blood-uncle.” Davidson exhales.
“That’s your legal right, sir.” Rob says to Tate. “Please see to a respected personal service escort of Congressman Ashmore’s welfare and safety towards his public civil servant’s vehicle, deputy Tate.”
“Yes, sir.” Tate holsters the gun as Congressman Ashmore’s personal two body guards stand from the flooring then file one-at-a-time out the front door.
“O boy…,” grins Hawk watching Cody struts towards Davidson.
Cody smiles and extends his hands to Davidson like a good friend. “Hey, sir! I’m Cody. I’s like nothing better than to educate ya on the US Marshals Service,” swings Davidson towards the front door. “The US Marshals Service is the oldest law enforcement agency in the land. The land of the USA signed into action…gun action that is by the Judiciary Act of in the year 1789. The USMS is the abbreviation. There are 94 US Marshals and over 4,000 Deputy Marshals. We assist with court security and prisoner transport…”
Hawk smiles. “Good job, Cody! Kill him with datum,” chuckles with Rob and Mink.
Cody drags the short man into the dark foyer rambling into Davidson’s balding skull. “Our duties encompass virtually everything from the few federal court to the many federal laws to tons of federal fugitives. Ya know any federal fugitives, sir?”
“Absolutely not…,” Davidson frowns.
Cody smiles. “Too bad! Since we be trained to track, hunt, and kill ‘em on sight, sir.”
Davidson looks at Cody. “I certainly do not know any federal fugitives, young man…uh…young boy? How old are you, son?”
Cody chuckles. “It’s one of the largest government agencies like the FBI and the ATF. Ya see long time ago in the wild, wild western part of America the US Marshals made their mark or grave markers, if’an ya will in the lawless cowboy and cowgirl frontier towns in the great states of Texas and New Mexico all the way to Califor…nee..a. They shot and killed all them bloody killing murderous outlaws that roamed the bread wheat plains, yellow corn fields, and buffalo pastures which welcomed in both safety and stability to them growing villages of true blooded Americans like me and you, Congressman.”
Davidson says. “I have a college degree, young person.”
Cody pulls Davidson towards the front door away from Amber. “We each get a silver star-shaped badge symbolizing the white-hat goody good guys like in them Hollywood file movies. Ya wants to see my badge,” pulls out his badge, smiles. “See, it’s shiny silver. “And’s when a Marshal like me needed some extra gun-power, not weapons, but men then he formed a posse and deputized all the local rednecks. Hey! We do that still, ya know form a posse and we deputized both male and female rednecks. Ya know any female rednecks, sir?”
Davidson shakes his balding skull. “I certainly do not, young man.”
Cody smiles. “Too bad! They could join our posse looking for the fellow that killed your brother.”
Rob chuckles. “Go and get Cody, Mink.” She stares and smiles as Cody and Congressman exit out into the bright sunshine from Amber’s house.
Mink says. “Naw. He’s having some redneck fun entertaining and entertainingly funning Mr. Congressman at the moment.”
Hawk swings to Amber. She hasn’t moved or spoken the repeating sentence during the vocal interruption. He pads closer kneeling. “Miss Amber, do you want some water?”
“Tate, follow me.” Rob orders as Tate follows. Rob stops the video camera, pulls the recording since he doesn’t want the video evidence of both Cody and Hawk hackling and laughing about the Congressman’s silly behavior shown in front of a federal jury.
“Sir,” says Tate as Rob holds the tiny cylinder.
Rob winks. “Store this tape for safe keeping.” Tate hides the cylinder within his jacket then squats for a new one when Rob says, “…and gimme a new roll for the next talking session with Amber.”
“Yes, sir.” Tate hands a new cylinder then stands and swings towards the open door. He hears Congressman Davidson’s impromptu speech for the numerous television cameras and reporters. He pats his pocket containing the secret film, trots to his pick-up truck for safekeeping.
Davidson says in front of Amber’s. “Those are the worst of the worse. This level of violence is intolerable to the small town of Ironside but have no fear, citizens. I am working with the law enforcement officers to do anything and everything it can to provide manpower in assisting with the local, state, and federal authorities to find the murderer of my brother and his family,” claps from the neighbors and busybodies for Congressman Davidson. “The united front of law men and women will work together to locate and prosecute this heartless cold-blooded murderer of my entire family. And I want to thank each and every one of ya’ll for your help and effect, making Ironside the safest place on Planet Earth which is my home town and voting district six…”
Rob closes the front door hoping for some good luck and lots of assurance that Congressman Ashmore will not interfere with the murder investigation and the murder witness, again. He will present that video tape to the local federal judge getting a restraining order against Amber’s uncle. He studies Amber on the sofa, wondering if she heard the threatening conversation by her uncle. He ponders what Davidson wanted with Amber and how he would make her talk about the bloody murders.
This murder investigation is complicated, complex, and confusing with a successful assassin of an entire biological family unit.
Cody slams the front door with his bad manners of a southern redneck, instead of a southern gentleman, wears a goofy smile, bouncing to his happy duty for the day.
“Back to work, Hawk.” Rob sits at the mini-bar.
“Yes, sir.” Hawk nods. “Amber, I like your hair.” She does not speak or move as Hawk turns to stare at Cody and Rob.
Mink sits on the stool viewing Cody. “Was Congressman Ashmore going home?”
Cody shrugs. “The man was in a hurry to go somewhere.”
Rob sours. “He needs to hurry and arrange all the funerals of his dead relatives. Amber isn’t in any state of mind to perform that function.” He has decided that Davidson isn’t going to intimidate Amber, especially in her own home residence and wonders if Davidson knows that she is a multi-millionaire. A new twist has brought a new angle into this multiple mystery murder case.
Hawk says. “Amber, I like your dress.” Amber does not speak or move, staring at the far wall, holds the nosegay in her nap between a gloved hands. Hawk exhales then stands walking to the mini-bar. “She’s upset.”
“Time to call the medical professionals, I’m afraid. Her mental capacity is beyond our deputy capacity, Rob.” Mink studies Amber.
Rob nods. “This is actually good news. She does comprehend her current environment. Therefore she does have the ability to react to a new environment.”
Hawk frowns. “What are you saying, Rob?”
“I completely disagree with ya, Mink. The koo-koo physician can’t have her for any wild weird-ass experiments inside his medical lab.” He looks at Amber. “She’s sensitive and upset. She needs to stay in her own home. She’s going to recover from this mess.”
“Agree, here.” Cody nods and stares at Amber.
“Ya thought she was the killer, last hour ago.” Rob frowns at Cody.
Cody stares at Amber. “I place my bet on her blood-uncle.”
“So do me.” Hawk stares at her.
Rob says. “I don’t like the male either. But he is her relative apparently the only living one for the time being. Go back and try to get her to talk once again about her dress or Amy’s wedding, Hawk.”
Hawk exhales then spins to her. “I’ll try.” Her uncle was troubling for both him and her as he ponders what to say to her next to get her to open back up with her repetitive statements.
Hawk sits on the sofa with a gentle motion. He had made a lot of progress since early afternoon until that bozo uncle of her’s ruined the momentum. He exhales and starts the momentum over surveying with the electronic recording equipment. He hears the whining and humming of gears in the audio and video cassettes recording his movements and words, since the room is totally a peace in the universe. Hawk leans into her nose profile smelling her perfume of roses and vanilla spice. “Amy is getting married today.”
Amber blinks her eyelashes staring at Hawk. She repeats. “Yes. Amy is getting married today.”
Hawk smiles. “Your dress is sapphire blue.”
Amber stares at him. “Yes. My dress is sapphire blue.” Rob, Mink, and Cody gather around Hawk and her.
“Your gloves are long and white.” Hawk smiles.
Amber smiles at Hawk. “Yes. My gloves are long and white.”
“Your shoes are blue with bows.” Hawk smiles.
“Yes. My shoes are blue with bows.” Amber says and stares at Hawk as Rob leans and whispers into Hawk’s ear.
Hawk says. “Tell me about the gunman.”
Amber blinks her eyelashes, staring at Hawk. “Yes. He was average height about five feet…,” when Cody and Mink pull pens and paper slamming their asses onto the flooring taking notes like a secretary. They write down the detailed data from her eyewitness account while her every word and hand movement is also being video recorded. But the first eyeball impression always helps with the initial murder investigation. Hawk isn’t writing observing with eyeballs and neurons her slow and fast motions. She’s calm. Her voice’s steady narrating a story. He reaches and touches a right gloved hand, wet from the humidity in the air after ordering the air conditioning cool waves cut off.  Her face is peppered with tiny water droplets of sweat. Her eyes are blinking and alert with clicking mental activity from a sharp mind. “…eight inches tall, wearing the color of black from head to toe. He was slender from the look of his outer attire. His clothes were designed in the style of a motorcycle’s thick leather jacket, a pair of matching black leather pants, and a set of black heavy boots. He wore a black helmet removing for it a short moment, before placing it back over his head. He held a bald head with a wide forehead, a pale complexion, clean shaven with a heart-shaped face, hook nose, small cheekbones, and small little eyes and big ears. He entered from the front door holding two guns in each hand. He fired at Mrs. Langford sitting at the organ’s bench seat, first and then the photographer and then Daddy and then Amanda and then Mama, and then Amy, and then Oscar, and then finally at Foster. They all fell onto the floor like dominos. I could not see them moving,” sobs with no wet tears.
Hawk says. “You were not with the wedding party. Where did you hide, Amber?”
Amber stares into Hawk. “Mama told me to fetch Amy’s banquet from the kitchen for the wedding pictures. I held the bridal bouquet standing in the dark hallway as he moved in front of my eyesight. The noise sounded like little firecrackers. I was confused. Then I get scared. I thought he was part of the wedding party then I didn’t recognize him from the rehearsal dinner, last night. I did not…,” stares at the nosegay between her gloves. She swiftly releases the bouquet as it tumbles and falls from her dress into the flooring. She bats eyelashes leaning into Hawk then faints. He catches her.
“Ya did good, Hawk.” Rob smiles and nods.
Hawk hugs her. “She did better.”
Rob smiles then views Mink. “Amber did great. Get this detail to a sketcher for a black and white drawing then to the FBI wire. Let’s see if they can ID this guy, Mink. Go and tell the media folks the US Marshals office announces a new member to the list of wanted fugitives. He is described as five feet and eight inches, bald, and pale. If you have any information about this fugitive, call us. All tips are anonymous and there are rewards available,” nods. Mink back steps from the huddle then exit the home for the office. Rob orders. “Take her upstairs for rest. She deserves that cat nap, now.”
“Yes, sir.” Hawk smiles, scooping her from the sofa, strolls upstairs.
Rob smiles at Cody. “Cody, please lower the dang air conditioning to fifty degrees.”
“No prob….,” Cody wipes the sweat from his face then locates the thermostat.

Sunday. 12:03 am. Amber’s house.
She walks down on bare feet dressed in sundress wearing a ponytail from her puffy red face. She carefully surveys the darkened living room scouting for the visitors. She possesses perfect cat nighttime vision inside her house knowing every square inch of the palace.
She had heard loud snoring of the one of the two law enforcement officers suggesting a male passing by the occupied guest bedrooms. The door was partly opened for an emergency or an attack on the sleeping men. However, her new roomies are sound asleep comfortable on the thick cozy mattresses.
She eases down on the flooring hugging the mini-bar counter with her hand. Amber doesn’t want to wake the company to alertness, since she really doesn’t feel like chit-chatting or busy bee socializing at the moment, either.
She is a little hungry and a lot of sad, bumping the ceramic planter containing the bundles of gladiolus for Amy’s wedding. She allows her eyeballs to focus on the bright white flowers, sobbing with a tight throat.
This is what the day hopes for her.
Every bump, lump and rump is going to remind her of that awful event of yesterday at the church. She stands bowing her chin and sobs wiping the mucus from her nose. She hopes the maid service has purchased plenty of tissue boxes for the day and night tears.
Hawk possesses 20/15 eye vision, not necessary from his nickname just a set of good old fashioned family DNA genes. His daddy had never worn eyeglasses reading the Sunday newspaper until the cancer started eating his biological body away into skinny bones.
He rests on the sofa pretending to be asleep then sees a tiny figure of a tiny movement on top of the second level stair case as the bright moonlight hits the wooden banister. He flinches with tense then relaxes seeing a dark shadow cross into a shining light presenting amber golden hairs held in a ponytail.
Amber awakes from her cat nap, lasting ten hours.
The house is quiet while Rob and Cody sleep. But Cody can slumber through a tornado or a hurricane or an earthquake or a combination of the three Mother Nature events. Hawk had hit the sack on the sofa as watch dog after he placed Amber onto top of her mattress for the early morning watch easily falling asleep from a rush, a ruse, and a ran of a cold-blooded murder assassination crime scene. He was laid out soundly until Cody pitched a glass of ice cold water into a face for an immediatly wake-up call to duty. Just wait, Hawk’ll get him back at the most inconvenience time for that harassment.
Hawk watches her pause at the end of the bar looking down at something on the floor. He doesn’t move or breathe, not desiring to give the girl another heart attack on top of her old heart being broken, when she learns of the bad news. The entire Ashmore family is playing in Heaven instead of on Earth. 
He notices. Her shoulder droops. Her hands shake in the air. Her head drops into a chest. This is a good start for the healing process. Death is hard for all living creatures under God’s protection. Death is a part of life. Life is a part of death. You can’t stop life or death, only endure it to the best of your spiritual abilities.
She pads around a flower planter then into the kitchen for a meal, being hungry and thirsty. He slowly slides from the soft then kneecaps then stands thinking Amber probably could use some friendliness support, not a lecture of life and death.
Amber flips the lights, not wanting to eat in the dark sit quietly at the breakfast table thinking and pondering her life, without her family. She surveys the spotless counters, smiling. Her uninvited guests are both neat and polite with a set of good southern manners as they are taught by their mamas.
That’s a nice gesture. She always heard stories about law enforcement personnel visiting other people’s homes during times of crisis and chaos. She must’ve have gotten lucky with this group of males, smiling. Thinking about the un-invited guests seems to take her fragile mind for a millisecond off the old blood-stained torn memories of family.
Amber shuffles to the refrigerator, not craving a particular food or drink item. She opens the door allowing a cool breeze to hit a swollen face.
She had awoken about twenty-minutes on top of her mattress wearing her bridesmaid’s gown with the long gloves. The gem necklace was cutting off the air to her esophagus. She bolted upright in bed being disoriented, dazed, and dizzy. She blinked her eyelashes shut and open a few times as eyes adjusted to the nighttime view. She surveyed a dark room and light from the bright moon flowing gently into the air waves and along the wooden file. Her brain cells kicked into motion, home. It was nighttime, the opposite part of the afternoon day of the wedding picture taking event. She cried allowing the tears to flow in the still cold air then ruin her bridesmaid dress. An expensive satin strapless plantation ball gown with the full three layers of white crinoline itches her naked legs for Amy’s wedding.  
Someone had placed her on top of the bed covers with a blanket over her gown and body. Her sandals were sitting side by side on the floor beside the bed post. She smiled, since someone had taken great care in making sure she was warm and secure and protected.
After the tears stopped and started to dry, she felt hungry and extremely thirsty. She changed out of the tight gown into a summer dress hoping she could secretly enter the kitchen for a midnight snack.
Amber realizes the new day’s going to be busy and filled with nosy questions, probably with no answers. She does not even know why, who, what, where or how things had transpired yesterday at the church altar.
She selects the sweet milk. The cold milk will settle her roaring stomach from hungry and haunting pains bombarding her body and mind. She pads to the wooden cabinet for a water goblet and bowl for wet breakfast cereal satisfying her growling belly.
Amber isn’t required to turn on any appliances like the oven or the microwave, since she doesn’t need to cook her meals. The maid service performs the required domestic services at your house, relieved for the week. They had cleaned, polished, and worked at her daddy’s house as Amber stares at the empty bowl, sobbing.
Daddy, Mama, Amanda, Oscar, Amy, and Foster do not exist anymore. They are gone. Poof! Here one minute, gone the next. Just like a nasty annoying tiny black housefly fluttering around the room and then pop, it is gone from life with only a single tiny blood spattering on the wall, sadly the left evidence of its only total existence. Her family now is only spatterlings of blood lining the carpet and wooden planks of St James Baptist Church in Ironside.
She sobs holding the goblet and bowl.
Hawk slowly walks from the sofa following the light beams of the moon, not wanting to trip or fall carelessly over something startling Amber into screaming. First, Rob will awaken getting mad at Amber for interrupting his beauty sleep and second, the snoring deputy-in-training US Marshal will advance down the steps with a hand gun drawn ready for a shoot-out standing out in his colorful underwear. Hawk remembered Cody likes wearing pretty yellow and green cartoon character boxers.
Amber will probably faint into his arms making that mental thought very pleasant.
He smiles at the kitchen lights.
Amber exhales removing as many bad memories that she can then scoots towards the food pantry retrieving the cereal, tosses out these terrible bloody visions floating inside her head. She pours cereal filling it up and over the rim carelessly sloshing the cold milk over the rice, mindlessly like a zombie. Physics ensures the rice musically snaps, crackles, and pops from the heavy flow of milk drowning the hollow geometric shapes. The cereal symphony noise immediately reminds her of a familiar odd sound heard with both eardrums, yesterday.
Hawk hears the light tinkling of glass and china, since she eats. He feels a little hungry also, making up his excuse for being in the kitchen at the same time with Amber.
She didn’t see his dark silhouette over the sofa as she traveled quietly through the room for food.
He walks into a bright room squinting his eyelids adjusting to the overhead lights, sees Amber standing at the kitchen counter. She stares at the overflowing bowl of cereal and milk.
Yesterday, Amber heard the sound of a sweet musical tenor telling her to tattle about the gunman with tender expressive hazel eyes hidden under curly red locks. The red hair framed a square strong jaw line with a set of soft pink lips on a pale face, smiling at her imagination.
“Amber…,” the same tenor sounds as she turns seeing her imagination.
Amber smiles and stares at the male. “Yes.”
Hawk shuffles on his socks towards the counter then stops. He sees her swollen eyes and chapped raw lips from crying. He says. “I…was…hungry…thirsty.”
“You…I…you…I remembered you.” Amber blinks her eyelids with shifting mental thoughts. She recalled him sitting beside her on the sofa living outside her body like she wasn’t there. The sensations were hard to describe to her common senses, not her heart. His hand touched her glove making her feel welcomed and secured. That was the emotion.
“That’s a good sign. You’re probably remembering a lot of images.” Hawk fetches a bowl and a tumbler glass for a quick bit of cereal, being good company with Amber for a few moments. He retrieves the paper towels mopping up her overflowing cereal.
She walks to the table. “I guess so,” spoons the cereal.
“The name’s Hawk.” He swings from the cabinet, pads to the stool, grabbing the opposite chair.
Amber giggles. “Like the bird hawk.”
“Hawkins is my last name. Everyone shortened it growing up in the family and at school. The nickname kinda stuck.”
“Very nice to meet you Hawk. I just wish under more amiable circumstances,” she eats.
He scoops the food then eats, string at her. She eats another good sign of a healthy sub-conscious and mental thought process. “You didn’t have to talk to me about your experience. I noted you were up and walking around. I didn’t want to scare you.”
Amber says. “Thanks,” spoons the food.
“I must tell ya that later today around eight or so this morning lots of law people are coming over to your house. They’ll have breakfast catered with scrambled eggs, bacons stripes, and hot buttered biscuits, ya know southern style…,” smiles Hawk as Amber giggles then scoops more food. He says. “Then starting around nine o’clock we’re having a big pow wow. You guessed it and ya be the guest of honor.”
Amber exhales. “I expected that much,” spoons more food.
“Let’s see. Ya got to see my boss Rob and my buddies Cody and Shirley, the local representatives from the FBI office, the Homeland Security office, and your daddy’s bodyguard service…,” pauses “Your Daddy was Governor.” She nods. “And there’s your uncle Congressman…,” she eye rolls as he chuckles. “The politician explains the Secret Service presence and then there’s the local police who will need some more information in tracking and locating the shooter,” spoons another bite of the cereal.
“Do I need a lawyer?”
“I won’t think so.”
“Is Davidson going to be here in the powwow also?”
“No. He made a terrible scene yesterday. Did ya happen to see it?” Hawk asks as she shakes her ponytail. Hawk smiles at her cute gesture. “That’s okay. He and It was really ugly. But we caught It on live video tape for prosperity and reviewing over and over again,” laughs as she giggles. “Alas. He called my boss-man Rob and mentioned something about the funeral arrangements.”
Amber exhales and stares at Hawk. “Is that task falling to me?”
“Actually Davidson is taking care of your…family. But he does need to speak with your for ten minutes today, if you’re feeling up to seeing him.”
“No problem. Davidson only speaks to me usually for five minutes. So this should be interesting from my point of view today.” She finishes her food and beverage then stands holding the dishes. “I feel much better.”
“You’re looking much better too. Ya got some more pretty color in your rosy cheeks.” Hawk winks and smiles.
Amber smiles at him. “Thank you, Hawk. Your words really are helping me adjust to this… situation. I’ll return for some more beauty sleep, since I’m the guest of honor. I want to look my best or at least close to it for the honored committee members in less than eight hours,” swings to the sink placing the dishes into the sink. She spins towards the door then waves to Hawk.
He waves and watches her disappear into the darkness.
Hawk smiles finishing the food then rinsing the dirty dishes. He loads the used food dishes into the dishwasher. Amber has a paid maid service to care for her domestic needs probably never dirties her manicured hands by loading a dishwasher with smelly food covered dishes.
Hawk pads to the archway flipping off the lights then carefully walks around the kitchen windows, observing the outer grounds. The city of Ironside is quiet and dark along an empty city street while Cody and Rob sleep upstairs working around the clock as Amber’s body guard protection.
He slides the flashlight from the counter, scouting the other dark rooms on the ground floor for any slight movement or bright distractions. Clear!
Hawk returns to the sofa, gently landing the flashlight on the tile for easy reach with a left hand then double-checks his hostler on the side table, removing the gun laying it on the wood for easy hand reach with a right shooting hand. He gently sprawls his average-ness onto the pink and red rose fabric white sofa, spreading a heavy white cotton blanket over a body, snoozing on the long furniture the remaining early morning hours. He needs his beauty sleep, too for the big committee meeting planned at nine this morning, closing his eyelids.

Saturday. 9:13 am
Amber is taking her sweet tea time getting prepared either mental, spiritual or physically for the official murder conference with the law enforcement officers inside the spacious dining room.
A long rectangular room is located on the north side of her house parallel to the swimming pool and the manicured lawn of green carpet. The dark wooden dining room table contrasts greatly with the both bright white walls and carpet creating an ancient world history medieval-feeling environment in the medium sized room.
Rob cringes at the pretty white carpet possessing an array of colorfully splattered ugly red clay boot prints from the law enforcement team. He has ordered a set of white runners to cover the dirty red stained carpet and promises to get Amber’s maid service to clean the area after the police interviewing. Obviously, this room isn’t used for any purpose but pretty decoration.
The parameter of the dining room stretches to a measured 12-feet arched white ceiling panels then spreads into a lengthwise space of 35-feet from a white wooden door frame to the parallel walls. The north wall contains a set of low hanging undivided glass windows, oddly overlooking the swimming hole.
The deputies had dubbed the built-in pool a swimming hole after Amber crashed her body into Hawk. He carried Amber up to bed when Cody and Tate stripped down to their underwear dangling four swollen and tired footies into the pool under a hot melting sun. The water rose to the height of four feet and three inches at the deepest depth. The deputies had fun splashing around the patio tossing water balls at each other until Rob called for suppertime.
The dining room is 35 feet with a 30-feet dining table made of a rough hand-sanded black bamboo wood of four individual planks put together by mouth spit and rusty nails, there is an extra five feet moving around space, without bumping hip bones into a sharp corner and stomping with boots on the white runners. Rob places on the east and west walls the law personnel devoid of wooden cabinets or art paintings. The south wall contains a built-in white shelf from end to end covered over in smooth glass displaying a set of 24 pieces of pretty dull yellow and bright red flowered-pattern bone china edged in a circle of silver along with numerous beverage and refreshment items composed of silver, ceramics or glass.  
Rob positions the audio and video (AV) taping recording personnel and equipment in the southwestern and southeastern corners far away from the delicate glass as the camera lens point towards the middle dining room chair for the guest of honor Amber.
The south side of the table holds FBI Special Agent Belfort in a center chair on his right is a Homeland Security person, a State of Alabama Secret Service person, a State of Alabama Public Health psychologist, and the police captain of Ironside. On the opposite side of Belfort is an empty chair for Amber on her right is Rob, Cody, the mayor of Irondale. Filling the left side of the table from Belfort, Mink and her laptop computer taking notes, an Alabama Senator of Montgomery, a US IRS Agent, a CIA Agent, and an Alabama Congressman of Montgomery, not her uncle Davidson Ashmore.
The AV crew finishes both the introductions and the strawberry pasties during breakfast strolling into the interrogation room for questioning. Amber is still missing after five and then ten and finally fifteen minutes after nine.
Rob leans over an empty chair, whispering into Hawk. “Are you certain she heard ya?”
He nods studying the opposite side of the table. “Yeah. I told ya before. I informed her this morning when we chatted after midnight. I knocked on her door at 8:45 per your instructions. She didn’t answer the knock by opening the bedroom door, but she called out between the wood that she was coming down. Do ya want me to run up the stairs again?”
Rob clenches his teeth dealing with the impossible law enforcement officers, the rude politicians, and the crabby sheriff deputies in his line of work sometimes on an hourly basis is bad, but the worst aggravation is any disquiet and displaced key eye witness. He can’t order or boss Amber around for misbehaving. She had witnessed a terrible horrendous event watching all her family parish before her eyes. She didn’t need any more harassment or lecturing from Rob. At the same time, Rob needs her presence to continue the murder investigation, so he can get these bozos out of her house and then the killer captured ensuring her safety and protection. He will send Hawk upstairs again seeing if the fairy princess rises to the occasion. “Go…,” Rob whispers.
Hawk scoots from the chair shifting the noisy paper runner, trying to be discreet as eyeballs fall at his distorted face. He stands then spins towards the archway walking two paces.
Amber appears blocking the archway, smiling at Hawk. She is dressed in a pretty candy pink sundress accented with a big tie bow across her breasts with two thick straps of pink satin ribbon attaching the dress around her collar bone. The sundress ends above her knees and tanned legs. She wears pink heeled sandals showing her pink-painted toenails under little tiny pink bows. Hawk smiles at her adorable-ness noting that she doesn’t wear any cosmetic makeup only a smug of pink lip stick across her smile. He smells her perfume of soft carnation corsages.
Hawk extends his forearm as her escort and protection. She accepts the forearm with a sweet whisper, “Thank you.” Hawk leads her to the assigned chair pulling it out like a true southern gentleman as she sits scanning the faces of the interrogation committee.
Belfort clears his throat as the monitor for the murder interrogation. “Good morning, Miss Ashmore. I am Belfort. I and my company here want to express our sincere sympathies to you regarding your father and immediate family members.”
Amber bows her chin. “Thank you very much.”
Belfort says. “I am from the FBI field office located in downtown Birmingham. To save time, I’ll not introduce everyone presence, but I will tell you that this group is represented by the FBI, Homeland Security, the Irondale police department, both Alabama Legislatures, and the IRS,” fingers the AV crew in the wall corner. “This formal interview is being both recorded and taped mainly for investigational purposes for apprehending the person who committed this awful crime.” Amber nods then views the AV crew. He says. “Why don’t you begin with the wedding rehearsal dinner, Miss Ashmore?”
Amber views the sweating pitcher of water and ice cubes bombarding an array of sweaty droplets onto the black wooden dining room table. She didn’t want any food to eat this morning at eight being to nervous about the questions from the law enforcement officers, since her daddy was the governor of Alabama. She feels both sad and mad not knowing what she can do to find her family’s murderer. Amber will try to address all the questions to the best of her knowledge. She blinks her eyelashes trying to recall the specific event from three days ago. She sits straight and tall like her mama had taught inside the dining room chair. She lays her manicured finger nails inside her lap like her mama has taught for exhibiting her good well-manned southern belle behavior. Hawk squeezes her hand under the table then she says. “Amy, she is the middle child of my family. I am the baby. Amanda and Amy are the older children. The wedding party consisted of Amy, Foster, Amanda, Oscar, Daddy, Mama, and me. We met at the church at four o’clock before the dinner avoiding the traffic flow out of downtown Birmingham. Daddy’s Secret Service was with him.” She smiles at Ray, her daddy’s secret service man. “Hi, Ray,” he nods sitting at the end of the dining room table. Amber looks at Belfort. “We quickly walked down a pretend aisle where Amy wanted us to stand in the wedding ceremony.”
A middle-aged female with black hair nods to Amber. “Jean Appleton from the NSA, may I interrupt you, Miss Ashmore?”
“Of course, Miss Appleton.” Amber smiles at her.
Appleton asks. “Did the organist or her husband the preacher meet you at the church?”
“No. Brother and Mrs. Langford weren’t part of the wedding rehearsal or the dinner. Brother Langford does not approve of alcohol. So he did not plan to attend the dinner at Michael’s…”
“Which location at the River Galleria or the city of Hometown?” Appleton writes her notes.
Amber says. “The rehearsal dinner was located at a restaurant inside the Galleria Mall.”
The police captain of Ironside smiles at Appleton. “The restaurant is known for its original steer butt steak.”
“What does a butt steak taste like?” Appleton smiles.
The police captain chuckles. “Delicious. Butt steak is the hand cut steak from the beef tenderloin, a very tender steak with a bold taste. I believe the best flavor of all the beef steaks.”
The mayor of Ironside smiles at Appleton. “It runs from the neck of the steer to its rump. The sirloin section is called the butt steak or tenderloin.”
Hawk nods. “After the steer is slaughtered the carcass is split lengthwise down the backbone. The boneless top sirloin is known as butt steak. Sirloin steak is a multi-muscled cut of beef, that’s naturally lean full of bold, beefy flavor. The cuts tend to be chewier and tastes better marinated and grilled.”
“Beef people over there…,” the Alabama Senator fingers and smiles at Hawk.
The mayor Ironside smiles at Hawk. “It comes from the Hereford beef.”
Hawk smiles being a local farm boy of Blountsville, Alabama. “Hereford steers are the icon of the beef cattle industry founded some two and one-half centuries ago as a product of necessity. The success of Hereford cattle in the State of Texas saw the entire disappearance of the longhorn cattle as a major range breed for meat production. The Hereford cows are seen everywhere inside wooden bob wired fences. You can recognize them by the dark brown coat and white face characteristic.”
“Thank you!” Belfort looks at Hawk then at Appleton, saying. “Please continue, Miss Ashmore.”
Amber says. “We wrapped up the wedding rehearsal at approximately 4:15 or 4:20…”
“Are you always so precise, Miss Ashmore?” Belfort smiles at her.
Amber nods. “Yes. It is a vicious habit of time consciousness when I’m really bored,” pauses with slight smirk. “The limousines carted us to Michaels for dinner.”
“You must have been fashionable late traveling from Ironside south to Hoovertown.” Appleton stares at Amber.
Amber says. “You’re precise yourself, Miss Appleton. Daddy enjoyed being late for every event he attend in his life, probably his own birth. I’d have to look that one up. So he could become the center of the attention from the moment when he walked into a room. We arrived at 5:30 or abouts. Actually, we made good time in the limos with traffic flowing in the opposite direction of the work day,” exhales and touches the wet glass tumbler of cold ice water. She sips the water then says. “There were 42 people present and accounted for at the dinner including close friends, stray relatives, political opponents, and players along with some local city folks. I stayed until 10:30. I believe Ray can vouch for me when I left. I realize that the Secret Service is notorious for dealing details of people’s lives around a governor.”
Appleton smiles. “May I interrupt again, Miss Ashmore? Your family members were present. What about your uncle Congressman Davidson Ashmore.”
Amber says. “Yes. Davidson and his wife Judy and the three annoying brats were there, too. Dave, David, and Dale are quite the cartoon characters. Davidson and Judy spoil them rotten with numerous toys disregarding firm discipline and proper duty of five years boys. They were running around the table, tripping over growing feet, and annoying me more than any other family members. Since, I was ordered to handle the children, not a pleasant experience.”
Belfort inquires. “Miss Ashmore, were the boys in the wedding?”
Amber says. “No. Amy had received both smarts and experience from Amanda’s wedding. Amy elected to eliminate the two footed little beasties from the start. They weren’t in the wedding party or at the wedding, either. They were going to be babysat at a local hotel around the corner with their paid nanny for the afternoon event then invited to the wedding dinner and dance after singing the ‘I do.’”
“No little flower girl either?” Appleton smiles.
Amber nods. “That’s correct. I don’t have little nieces or first girl cousins, only the beasty boys.”
Belfort says. “You sound like you don’t like the boys.”
Amber says. “No. I do not.”
Belfort inquires. “Let me ask. Do Congressman Davidson and his family visit you at your home?”
Amber says. “No. They do not. I returned home at 11:04. I arranged for my personal vehicle to be parked at the restaurant for the rehearsal dinner. Therefore I drove my own vehicle home allowing for an easy escape route of a boring party for the night. The traffic was light. I do enjoy driving passed the speed limit in my sports car,” giggles. “When I left the people and party were blasting the doors off the frames with music, dancing, and drinking. Ray can attest to my observations. I retired to bed mostly from the stress of the day’s event. The day before was that awful bridesmaids’ luncheon with all Amy’s snobby sorority sisters pitied with the royal arrogant maidens from the State Capital from Daddy’s Alabama public servant office staff. It was an entertaining scene for 27 women of false eyelashes and painted red lips spitting and clawing figuratively like kitty cats at each other,” giggles. “I have strayed from the original question. The next day was the actually the wedding. I awoke at 8:08 which is my usual getting-up hour for my day’s activities. This particular day was different. I was summoned to Daddy’s house in Mountain Stream at 8:10 for a conference. I drove to the house waiting with anticipation of the intriguing newscast. Amy had decided that the wedding party would get a set of early wedding pictures at noon, dressed in our nasty blue peacockie costumes…”
“Miss Ashmore, you sound surprised at that decision.” Belfort writes down notes.
Amber nods at Belfort. “Very surprised! I wasn’t expecting for all of us to meet at the church before the actual wedding. Usually the pics are taken after the wedding. I learned that Foster, the groom would be there along with Amy, the bride. It was just odd to me.”
Appleton smiles. “And, a surprise, too.”
Belfort says. “Please allow me to make a clear assumption here. You were not included on the planning end of the wedding. I want to clarify in terms of the wedding process such as the selection of the church, the flowers, the bridesmaid’s dress, etc. I thought all sisters enjoyed the pomp and circumstances of the lifetime event.”
“I can follow your mental thought processes, Mr. Belfort. The answer is no. I wasn’t included. I elected to stay outside the entire planning process for my own sanity.” Amber smiles.
Belfort nods. “I can see your mental logic here. The wedding picture taking event had changed the time early in the morning. Did your sister express why a sudden impromptu decision?”
“No. I was told simply to be there at noon in my costume gown. Before going to the church I rambled around the house tidying up phone calls and checking emails. I exercised and swim laps in the pool drying out my body in the bright hot sunshine….,” Amber giggles looking at Hawk with a wicked smile.
“You exercised? Do you run outside your home in the streets of Ironside?” Belfort asks.
Amber smiles at Belfort. “No. I have a small room with free weights and a bar for some simple ballet moves. I’m not a very good ballerina, but ballet is a wonderful form of body toning. I work out about three times per week for my health and stress factor. I can show you the room, if you’d like…,” swings to Hawk, smiling. He smiles back.
Belfort shakes his skull taking notes. “That will not be necessary, Miss Ashmore.”
“After a good sweat and strong smell I bathed changing into that costume.” Amber smiles at Hawk.
Appleton smiles at her. “Please forgive the interruption again, Miss Ashmore. But you do not seem happy about Amy getting married.”
Amber says. “You miss understand, ma’am. I was thrilled Amy was getting married. I wasn’t thrilled about being in the wedding. I personally asked to sit in the audience like a guest. I was ordered as a bridesmaid, since my Daddy is….was the governor.”
Belfort inquires. “The stress you are referring is the media.”
Amber nods. “Media, photographers, reporters this is a wedding for the governor’s daughter with big massive media event plus mega doses of stress.”
Belfort nods. “We understand. Please continue, Miss Ashmore.”
Amber exhales then sip the water, viewing Belfort. “I changed into that uncomfortable gown with the itchy three crinolines. You haven’t lived until you can’t touch your toes in a formal antebellum dress.”
“Miss Ashmore, please forgive my interruption, again.” Appleton smiles. “I realize we’re getting to the meat as they say of your story. But I have some more personal questions that I would like to pursue, if you don’t object.”
Amber grins and giggles. “Not at all, that’s why I here. You can ask me any question you would like.”
Appleton smiles. “Excellent. For the record I have Miss Amber Ashmore’s permission to ask any question as needed. So I turn to the FBI Special Agent hosting our committee. I would like permission to direct a question at a more personal nature just for ten minutes, no more.”
Belfort narrows his eyelids at Appleton making the other occupants rustle in the chairs. “Let the recording state that I, FBI Special Agent Belfort, accept the direction of a few personal questions for Miss Amber Ashmore. You may begin Miss Appleton. Let me remind you that I am timing the ten minute limit.”
“Yes, sir.” Appleton smiles at her. “Miss Ashmore, I have drawn a rough sketch made of x’s representing the wedding party. You can see on my paper pad. The bride Amy and the groom Foster. The matron of honor was your sister Amanda escorted by her husband Oscar. Was there a best man?”
Amber studies the poor sketch. “Oscar was best man.”
Appleton marks her paper. “That’s interesting. How did he become the best man? Do you happen to know the story behind that event?”
Amber blinks her eyelashes. “Amanda and Amy are very close. Amanda was six years older than I while Amy was five years. They attended the same High School and College together with the same set of social friends. Foster knew Oscar. Oscar knew Foster. I do not any additional data to share with you. Sorry!”
Appleton asks. “You didn’t socialize with your sisters?”
Amber says. “Six years is a big number difference. Amanda was heavy into dating Oscar. Oscar is older by four years Amanda’s junior. And he was heavy into his law career. Daddy started out as mayor of Irondale moving into a circle of political mavericks and finally ended up in the governor’s chair in Montgomery.”
The mayor of Ironside smiles. “I believe there was some talk of a presidential career move for Governor Ashmore.”
Amber drops her mouth. “Yes.”
“Back to the wedding scene Amy didn’t assign any more groomsmen for her wedding party for escorts of little old ladies into the church pews.” Appleton asks.
Amber says. “No. There’s only the two of them. Oscar and Foster had sibling brothers and sisters that I met once or twice. The most recent visitation was at the rehearsal dinner, very brief. And Amy elected not to have additional bridesmaids or groomsmen.”
Appleton smiles. “You weren’t going to be escorted down the aisle after the official wedding ceremony.”
Amber giggles. “Odd man out, you could say.”
Appleton inquires. “The wedding party consisted of the bride, the groom, three bridesmaids, and two groomsmen, not a flower girl or a ring bearer. Was there going to be a musical singer for any church songs? Or maybe, a lovely scripture reading by a person from The Holy Bible?”
Amber says. “No. This was a true southern Baptist quickie wedding. The bride and groom march down the white runner to the bridal song. They say, I do and I do. Then he kisses the new wife and they go as the new wife and husband to an expensive and elaborate wedding reception.”
“How many guests for the blessed event?” Appleton inquires.
Amber says. “There were 1,000 invitations sent out….”
Appleton drops her mouth. “One thousand invites equals 2,000 people…”
“…or more…,” says Belfort.
The police captain of Ironside smiles. “The church auditorium holds 4,000 persons based on Brother Langford’s data.”
Belfort frowns at Amber. “But the private cozy small chapel located on the east side of the big 4,000 seat church auditorium was decorated with flowers too.”
Amber frowns with annoyance. “O! I’m supposed to explain that also to ya’ll.”
Belfort smiles. “That would be a big help, Miss Ashmore.”
Amber nods. “The 1,000 invitations actually congregated into 4,352 people…”
“…at the church…,” frowns Belfort.
Amber says. “No. Ya’ll don’t understand. Amy planned for a big wedding, but Daddy planned the multiple wedding receptions. There were three separate wedding receptions. The first one was at the church for a round of special friends and family members then a second one at the Ironside Inn Ball Room down the street for 2,000 people, and a third wedding reception at the Ironside Hotel for the remaining 2,000 heated bodies. Amy and Foster would rotate around the three different receptions partying for the rest of the night and until the wee morning hours.”
“You don’t approve of dinner and dancing.” Appleton smirks.
Amber says. “It was Amy’s wedding for just more television media to follow her, Foster, Amanda, Oscar, Mama, and Daddy’s face while socializing around the city of Ironside. That’s all.”
“You were not part of a rotating wedding reception, I take it.” Belfort smirks.
Amber says. “I agreed to be in the wedding and attend the first toast at the church for my new family member then eat a butter frosted white and red covered single piece of wedding cake. Then I was out of there.”
Appleton smiles. “You don’t like weddings, Miss Ashmore?”
Amber says. “The two other weddings, I have participated as a bridesmaid is very stressful. And please do forgive me the term, a whirlwind of drama, not much fun for the poor side characters.”
Belfort inquires. “You didn’t bring a date for some fun and dancing at one of the receptions, maybe at the Ironside Hotel. They have a very good band for nightly entertainment.”
Amber says, cutting her eyeballs at Hawk. “I’m not currently dating at the moment.” He smiles then views his hands.
“Because of the media, perhaps?” smirks Appleton.
Amber smiles at her. “Because of lots of different reasons, perhaps!”
“Thank you, Miss Appleton! Your ten minutes has expired.” Belfort views his wrist watch then Amber. “Miss Ashmore, do you require a break?”
Amber shakes her curls. “No sir.”
Belfort smiles. “Excellent. We have exhausted the trips and travels from Thursday morning to Friday night. Finally we have arrived at the moment of high noon on Saturday the day of Amy’s wedding. Miss Ashmore, could you please relay step by step the events of the moment.”
Amber exhales and drops her chin. She blinks her eyelashes at Belfort. “I walked from my house three blocks from the church into the small chapel. Amy, Foster, Mama, Daddy, Oscar and Amanda were there standing discussing who was going to stand next to the bride. I entered through the back entrance of church then walked through the music hallway sliding into the fellowship hall were the tables were set up for the wedding reception. I followed the narrow corridor to the side door of the small chapel.”
Belfort frowns at Amber. “Side door?”
Amber says. “The chapel has a main entrance from the east side of the street for parishioners to enter the contemporary services on Sunday mornings, Sunday nights, and Wednesday evenings. Normally, the side door is locked and sealed all the other times. This time it was opened by Brother Langford for the wedding party. Amy and her parents came through those street doors. Amber came from the back parking lot which is diagonal from her residence. I stepped out of the dark hallway into the bright overhead natural lighting from the sunny day inside the archway of the church auditorium. I stopped when I heard Mama’s voice. She told me to collect Amy’s banquet from the kitchen,” exhales. “I turned back around heading into the reception area. I had seen the bouquet on first table as I passed. I didn’t realize it was Amy’s. I thought it was part of the total yellow and blue decoration.”
Belfort asks. “Why did your mother say the kitchen, instead of the table?”
Amber shrugs. “Mama probably thought I would understand. The reception area is connected to the kitchen space for serving meals and refreshments for events. I did understand once I noted the flowers on the table.”
Belfort nods. “Please continue, Miss Ashmore.”
Amber says. “I could hear their voices arguing about the set up pose of the wedding pictures. Amy is so bossy sometimes. This was her wedding. She should allow people to stand where she wanted them. Then I remembered the voices stopped. I turned sharply to the left standing, not in the doorway but a foot from the door frame. I saw the gunman walk pass the fourth pew which was decorated with the bundle of flowers from my garden. He was covered in head to toe in black….leather black. I immediately thought of him being a motorcycle dude and wondered whose friend he was. The man pulled two weapons from the pockets of his heavy thick solid black jacket. One gun for each black gloved hand with a round tipped silencer. I had seen one of those before used by the security personnel. He fired the left gun first. The bullet hit the side of Mrs. Langford’s head. She fell onto the floor with thudding sound. The next sounds were like little firecrackers moving fast and swift in the air waves. I saw the photographer land on his face as the bullet entered the back of his head. The gunman shot Amanda who was on the left of altar then Daddy and then Oscar and then Mama and then Amy and finally Foster. I could only see the tops of everyone’s head where I stood. Then I didn’t see anyone’s head. I stared at the gunman in silence. I was too scared to cry out or react or fight or flee. He stood upright holstering the weapons back into the jacket on each side with his hands. He removed the black motorcycle helmet with his empty hands. He was tall about five feet and eight inches with a slender built based on the bulky jacket and long leather pants. His head was bald. His face was clean shaven. His nose was hooked. His eyes were small. His cheekbones were dots of bones. His forehead was wide. His head was heart shaped with big ears. He was pale. He reminded me of a bald eagle with the small round eyes and pointy bleak but no white feathers. He leaned down and then straightened back up.”
Belfort asks. “Leaned down over whom, Amber?”
“I…”
Belfort asks. “Was it your Dad?”
Amber shakes her curls viewing Belfort. “No. He moved closer to my side of the room.”
Belfort steals the sketch from Appleton sliding it to Amber. He fingers it. “Look at the sketch. This is where the bodies laid. Who could he have leaned over too?”
Amber studies the simple drawing of squared boxes with names of her relatives and position of their deaths on the altar floor at the church. She fingers at the box. “I believe it was either Oscar or Amanda. The gunman leaned over one of their bodies for two seconds, not any more time. Then he stood and pivoted with twirl marching back down the white runner out the door.”
Belfort asks. “What did you do next, Miss Ashmore?”
She says. “I turned to my left. I strolled down the hallway to the reception area and placed Amy’s bouquet back on the table where I found it. I walked out the door across the parking lot and into my house using the side entrance with the key under the swan water fountain. I walked to the sofa sitting and waiting for Amy to come and get me for the wedding.”
Tate stands and fingers at Amber, nodding. “You had experienced which was called post-traumatic shock syndrome, Miss Ashmore. Basically your brain shuts down, not accessing or absorbing the stimuli you have eye witnessed. Its defensive mechanism built into our cellubrium for surviving trauma and deep embedded tragedy.”
Belfort asks her. “Why did you put Amy’s flowers on the table?”
Amber views the sweaty glass. “That was where I had found them.”
Tate stands, saying. “Miss Ashmore was desperately trying to assimilate the data that she had seen inside her consciousness. But her sub-conscious mind was rejecting the information. Her act to replace or putting back the flowers on the table represented purging the new stimuli from her brain cells. It doesn’t work like that.”
Belfort views Tate. “Why didn’t she run at or from the gunman?”
Tate says. “That is called a self-preservation instinct which is used by both animals and mammals alike. Her sub-conscious could not process the stimuli but could recognize danger, harm, and maybe death of her biological life form, if she had reacted to the delicate situation. Opossums and some insects stand in silence when they’re being threatened or attacked. People are unpredictable life forms. Amber’s personality nature is to stay…”
“….sit and heel,” the police captain laughs with the others. He nods. “Thank goodness! She’s not a police officer.”
Belfort views his wrist watch then Rob. “Let’s break for fifteen minutes before continuing with more questions,” when people stand and mutter to each other or their mobile telephones.
Hawk smiles and assists Amber to stand. She smiles. He escorted and pats her arm as they exit the dining room for a break. Amber ascends up the stairs into her room for the break time.
Hawk walks then sits at the bar counter. Cody, Mink, Tate, and Rob sips on beverages. Cody shakes his curls. “Does not look good?”
“It looks….okay…,” Hawk watches the top of the staircase for Amber.
“She appears on the outside to posses a diva attitude about everything including the family.” Mink views the window.
“Part of the fairy princess package….,” Tate chuckles.
“I don’t think so.” Hawk exhales.
Cody sips his beverage then says. “She acted like the arrogant heiress this at breakfast early am, Hawk.”
Hawk shakes his skull touching the open beverage from Cody. “No. She was very polite, well she was hungry. I did most of the talking.”
Mink asks Tate. “Why’s she acting normal today, Tate? She was a pixie yesterday with her one sentence grammar structure.”
Tate sips then says. “She was in shock, traumatized. You can’t shock a person out of a profound emotional state like melancholy, madness or even a blissness of love.”
Cody chuckles and raises his beverage. “I can shock ya out of blissness. Is that fucking word, Tate?”
Mink slaps his arm. “Hush, Cody.”
Tate sips then says. “Try to understand, psychosis is a generic psychiatric term for a mental state of mind in which thought and perception are impaired. For exampled, acute, chronic, alcoholic, senile or toxic, Amber suffered a semi-psychosis, not a full one. Different parts of her personality were fragmented, hence the same phrase over and over, again. Her brain cells were not connected to each other resulting in a state of internal chaos with her emotions, feeling, perceptions….”
Cody nods. “She was schizoid…”
Tate says. “Amber was disordered, not schizophrenic. She sounded quite coherent and appeared normal…”
Cody chuckles. “…except for the repeating chorus like in a rock and roll song, without the guitar and drum solo...”
Mink slaps his arm. “Hush, Cody.”
Tate says. “Cody is correct, sorta. Her healthy parts of her personality were fragmented. Fragment means to broke or detached. During her RMO sleep patterns, her personality reattached flowing the nerves, blood, and enzymes that governor the gray matter into a solid organ, again.”
Cody sips then asks. “Is she going to defrag later, today? These were the first set of murder based questions. The harder ones are next.”
Tate says. “I predict not. Amber is a very strong-willed and strong-minded being. She will do well not becoming defragged like Cody’s created.”
Tate asks. “What’s your interpretation, chief?”
Rob sips then says. “She was cool like cucumber throughout the interrogation. She didn’t whine, cry or pout. She has guts and gravel that’s for certain. Did she kill her own people? I’m going to dare to stick the poker in that fire.”
“Ah, now! You gots to play the game, chief with your little Indians or we going to dethrone your assets…,” Cody laughs with the others as Rob shakes his skull.
Amber strolls down the steps nodding at Hawk. He smiles and slides off the bar stool, extending his arm. She had re-applied her perfume as his nostrils smell her fresh odor of flowers. He smiles entering the dining room then scoots out her chair.
She sits.

Dining room.
The US Marshalls and Amber occupy their assigned chairs missing the AV technicians and other interviewers. Amber scans the empty table then Hawk. “Are we finished for the day?”
Hawk shakes his skull to her. “I’m afraid not. Belfort is the monitor of this event. We gotta wait for a little bit. We can sit and talk thou. Are you hungry, thirsty?”
“No.” Amber shakes her curls, viewing her hands. She cannot go anywhere with the US Marshalls following her then realizes that she may not go anywhere in the city, without permission. She saw the killer being a witness in danger. She exhales shivering in nervousness.
She views the wall filled with china plates.
Hawk sits in Rob’s seat rubbing his fingers over the rough wooden table. “The pigment and figures of the dining table is unique. Is it walnut?”
Amber smiles at Cody. “It’s rosewood actually.”
Cody stands then shoves on the table with both muscular arms for strength and durability. “Strong and tough like me.”
Tate slaps Cody’s collar bone. “Let’s toss Cody onto the wood and see who breaks first,” chuckles with the others.
Amber giggles. “I’m afraid that Deputy Cody won’t last long. This table is not only an ancient piece of wood bark. It was built and bolted around the year 1468 around the time of the legendary King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.”
Cody frowns and touches the wood. “So the table used to be squared.”
“Rectangle as they say.” Amber giggles. “This piece of history is true and hard and tough like a US Marshal, maybe,” winks at Hawk. He chuckles.
Cody walks around and rubs the wood. “How do you know the history of your table?”
Amber says. “Sir Thomas Malory wrote the tale of King Arthur around the year 1469. The royal family, as told by the antique dealer, was fond of the legend and constructed this table for their breakfast cubby then it eventually landed inside Windsor Castle.”
Cody gasps at Amber. “Queen Elizabeth of Windsor.”
Amber nods and smiles. “Correct! The Great Britain castle of the royals over there. The old English castles and older stuffy English nobles are filled to the gills with antique furniture and whatnot’s. Us serfs or commoners or working folks like to purchase and collect. I guess acting act a noble fantasy.”
Hawk frowns at Amber. “You’re a collector of medieval furniture.”
Amber says. “No. The table belonged to Amanda. I believe. Amanda didn’t want it and passed it to me.”
“The thing doesn’t fit into the room.” Cody measures from the wall to the table.
Amber nods. “I agree. I had the space of the dining room re-shaped to accommodate the size and length. I’m not really a decorator. I just told her to paint the walls white and add the white carpeting. If you can’t decorate then contrast everything. One of the decorators had quoted to me,” giggles.
Cody rubs the chair. “And the real Ming dynasty style chairs don’t compliment the rogue table.”
Amber nods and smiles. “Excellent point, Deputy Cody! Your house must be well appointed with good taste,” exhales. “Another long story, I will deluge with the shortened version. Mama had the chairs and the table built for one of many parties then one of her snobby guests didn’t like the feel of the chair. So the poor chairs got abandoned and given to me. Thus I gave them a home. I admit I like the design.”
Cody rubs the table walking around the wood. “You could customize a table for the Ming dang chairs.”
Amber nods. “Yes. I could. I thought long and hard about that idea. Actually, I believed the room held the chairs before the table was adopted by me also. I just joined the two together into this room.”
Cody studies the carpet. “It doesn’t seem to be used much with the white carpet.”
Amber smiles at Hawk. “Alas, no! I don’t really like entertaining. It would help if I had people to entertain with my furniture. However it is a nice room with a nice view of the swimming hole.”
Cody back steps from the wall towards the book shelf. “Gotcha!”
“When I think about the pool it truly is more like a hole that the decorator dug into the ground to disguise the patch of green grass over the septic tank…”
Cody slams into the book shelf then spins around the small space. “I enjoyed the pool, yesterday. The chairs and table does look funny with the built-in shelves.”
Amber nods and smiles. “Ah! The shelves were here first. They will stay until I sell the house. Have you noted the contents inside the shelves, Deputy Cody?”
He fingers the glass. “A silver drinking mug….”
Amber nods. “Open the glass. That is not just a silver drinking mug,” Cody grabs and displays the mug. She says. “That mug was created in the year 1762 by the famous colonial patriot and silversmith Paul Revere. It was the rage for the time.”
Cody raises the mug to his lips. “Can you drink from it?”
She giggles. “Definitely.”
Rob frowns at Cody. “Return the mug to its home now, Cody. We will not try that technique, ever,” smiles at Amber. “Please don’t give Cody ideas he implements them immediately with a set of bad outcomes.”
Amber laughs. “I’ll remember that. No Cody. Please don’t drink from the silver. You might get sick or something.”
Cody studies the mug. “How much is the antique mug worth?”
Amber exhales. “I would guess about $3000. The silver inlay is more valuable than the actually mug artifact.”
Cody returns the mug lifting the object. “Is that a ceramic vase or something?”
She says. “That was a stoneware white water cooler with the pretty blue spotted flowers fired around the 1830s in a furnace in Bennington, Vermont. The little tiny round things are ceramic cups decorated with baby blue flowers that came with the cooler.”
Cody smiles and returns the object. “Cool, man.”
Hawk frowns at her. “I thought you didn’t collect antiques.”
She nods. “I do not. This pair came from Amy’s china cabinet when she redecorated the room in warm tones of beige and green, not blue and white.”
Cody fingers the object. “And the glass bottle with the distinctive diamond and daisy pattern, that’s an original Henry William Stiegel…”
She nods and smiles. “Very good eye, Deputy…”
Hawk whispers into her ear. “Call him Cody. Call me anytime.”
Amber giggles. “The hand blown molded glass was created in the year 1845 inside Germany. Amanda didn’t like the purple hue. She was looking for red instead. The little critter came to live with me.”
Cody exhales, studying the individual art collection behind the glass windows. “A pricey antique in your collection, I see some gems. Is that a sapphire stone in shiny purple?”
She nods. “Yes. It’s part of the crown. But the best piece of my antique collection is the chalice of Antioch of Egyptain curved gold figures inlayed with a silver lining.”
Cody nods and fingers the object. “Priceless.”
“I guess.” Amber shrugs. “Daddy had acquired at a private auction before he became governor. He didn’t want it in his house in Mountain Stream exposed to the elements or thieves without leaving an army of security guards. I adopted it for the time being. I’m always home and I don’t enjoy traveling. It’s safe here.”
Belfort leads the other interviewers into the room, sitting in his assigned chair. “Everyone grab a seat or your posted seat before we had adjoined. We need to continue. Miss Ashmore, could you be kind enough to indulge us again?”
Amber nods. “Yes, sir.”
The people settle then the room is quiet. 
Belfort clears his throat for attention. “Miss Ashmore, is this a pretty good sketch of the gunman?” he hands her the drawing in charcoal of a face.
Amber studies the drawing then slides to Belfort. “Yes.”
Belfort views the male. “Art, you have questions for Miss Ashmore I think next.”
Art nods to him then views Amber. “Miss Ashmore, I am Art Lopez from the IRS field office in Birmingham. We have been scrutinizing the financial records….all financial records of the Ashmore family for the past year, so far.” Amber nods. “I do not know how to approach this subject with dignity except to blurt it out into the open. But your father Governor Ashmore was broke. His personal and private bank account at Third Alabama Bank held $4.62.”
Amber giggles. “He didn’t get his allowance for the week, huh,” when silence lingers in the room.
Art clears his throat. “Your father and mother exhausted, used, and cashed-out all monetary accounts consisting of savings, stocks, life insurance policies, and IRA funds. His estate at this moment consists of the private residential house in Mountain Stream and the land asset under the foundation floor. Did you know about this financial data, Miss Ashmore?”
“Yes.” Amber nods.
Appleton frowns at her. “Please elaborate your answer, Miss Ashmore?”
Belfort says. “Miss Appleton, please allow Art to finish his fact findings then we can chat about the missing accounts.”
Art reads from his paper. “The IRS coupled with the FBI has probed into the estates of Amanda and Oscar Ashmore also. The joint checking account has $1.21 for the final bank balance. The previous investments of various hedge funds have been exhausted or cash-out, as well. Interesting enough from the very same time period of monetary reference all left is the joint ownership of their private residential house and land asset.”
Belfort says. “That isn’t left anymore. Miss Ashmore, has anyone told you that Amanda’s house in Montgomery burned to the ground yesterday, after the shooting…”
Amber drops her mouth. “Was anyone hurt or harmed from the fire? Amanda wasn’t home. She doesn’t have pets. Thank goodness. I didn’t know. I’m glad Amanda didn’t see that either. She loved that house.”
Art says. “Foster Gordon who was going to marry your sister Amy held $10.21 in his bank checking account. All his investments liquidated last year which is the same time period as the other monetary accounts, except of course his private residential house and land assets in Mobile.”
Belfort says to Amber. “Foster’s house was burnt, also, yesterday.”
Art says. “Miss Ashmore, I must inform you for the pass 24 hours the IRS has been deeply probing into your financial records. You are a very, very rich woman. Your portfolio contains around $68 million held in numerous interest bearing trust funds located at the local branch of the Third Alabama Bank in Birmingham. Would this be correct?”
All eyeballs view her.
Amber tucks her chin, a habit when nervous or embarrassed. She softly says. “Yes.”
Art exhales. “I am very proud to report that you pay your State of Alabama and US Federal income taxes each year, without a timely delay or a monetary penalty. For these curious parties, Miss Ashmore uses the IRS to calculate her taxes for accuracy as well as payment of her taxes owed to Uncle Sam. Bravo, Miss Ashmore! However, the most interesting item of your financial records show the use of the selected money management department at Third Alabama Bank. For those of us working stiffs who do not employ a money management company, this is a fee for service provided by banks across the US for handling monies for people who do not want to fool around with paying their own expenses each month or do travel extensively, without the use US Post Office for mail delivery. The money management company writes the checks for all monetary invoices from the estate bank account taking great care of documenting the paperwork for the client in case of fraud or misappropriation of monies. This service is utilized more by millionaires than regular bank account holders. Miss Ashmore has been a client for the past five years. Is that right, Miss Ashmore?” She nods. Art says. “Please allow me to list her assets: private residential house and land, sports car, furnishings inside the house, electronics, and personal clothes along with ten platinum credit cards with various limits from a low amount of $10,000 to $100,000 reflecting $0.00 balances. I would expect no least from an elegant lady like Miss Ashmore with simple tastes raised properly in the great state of Alabama….”
Belfort frowns at Art. “You’re pushing my wrong buttons, Art.”
Art nods at Amber. “Very well! Her assets are limited and her liabilities are zero. She does not hold any loans, notes or mortgages as stated by her financial records. However it has come to my attention through the cooperation of the Third Alabama Bank that your personal bank account pays for your monthly bills consisting of electricity from Alabama Power company, telephone landline combined with a package of Internet service, mobile phone, and cable, dish satellite service, water cooler delivery, soda vending machines, maid service, carpet cleaning service, garden and landscaping service, window cleaning services, food home delivery service, car wash and detail home service, book of the month club, and numerous other listed services,” grins.
“Miss Ashmore, may I see your mobile phone please?” Belfort extends his hand.
Hawk scans the window then her then Belfort. “Miss Ashmore doesn’t have dish satellite….”
“…or a soda vending machine is it located in a basement, Amber?” Cody nods at her.
Hawk says. “No basement, Cody.”
Cody smiles and nods. “That explains the missing soda machine,” snickers.
Belfort asks. “Miss Ashmore can explain about the payment of the monthly services to all of us?
Amber scans the faces then says. “I do not have a mobile telephone, sir. I pay all the monthly services for Daddy, Mama, Amanda and Oscar, Amy and Foster.”
Cody gasps. “What for, girl?”
Belfort smiles. “Tell us what happened, Miss Ashmore?”
Amber exhales, scanning the faces then views Belfort. She says. “Foster is a stock broker and part time idiot. He talked everyone including Daddy and Mama into investing into this new break-through science company located in Huntsville. Huntsville is the space shuttle and military defense weapons capital of the USA. All great scientific and technological minds live and work there since the 1960s, a good track record and all that vibrato...”
Appleton smiles. “You were not sold, Miss Ashmore.”
She shakes her curls. “No. I did not invest any of my monies into a failed fledgling company. I received some bad vibes from the awesome sale pitch of awful Foster. He said that the company needed a fresh source of cash, capital, and clients and then the company folded taking all of the Ashmore’s fortune with it. The money fortune was not vast. Daddy was worth about five million dollars. Amy had one million dollars. Amanda coupled with Oscar held $1.5 million. Nice bucks, if you did not want to work for the rest of your life like Amy and Amanda wanted to do.”
Appleton asks. “Where did your money come from an inheritance?”
Amber nods. “Yes. My Grandmother Ashmore saved her pennies and nickels and had a wicked sense of humor. She left in her Last Will and Testimony all her estate to be liquidated and the money split between her sons Wharton and Davidson and the cute three granddaughters she couldn’t ever see grow up. The granddaughters were only walking toddler with stinky diapers old at the time. The money invested over time grew to one million dollars for each daughter. At eighteen years I received my bank account rolled over into my name and my person, legally,” clears her throat of the forming tears.
Belfort says. “You felt obligated to help the family from the bad investment into the fledging company in Huntsville.”
Amber shakes her curls. “No. I felt both harassed and blackmailed.”
Cody whispers to Hawk. “Those are not good words to say at the moment.” Hawk pats her hand under the table.
Art frowns with confusion. “Amber, when did the bankruptcy occur for your father? I can’t find any record of debt.”
She says. “Daddy called a meeting with his biological family. He told all of us the money situation. He was going to file for bankruptcy. It was pity party. I was the one that got pitied like an olive.”
Art frowns with puzzlement. “You agreed to pay all their on-going monthly expenses….”
“…until Amy and Amanda could find paying work jobs so they could get loans to cover their outstanding debts. I didn’t want my parents to declare bankruptcy. My daddy was an Alabama senator then…”
Belfort nods. “The appearance wouldn’t have been bad for his political image…”
“…bad for him, his family, and his Alabama,” Amber giggles, nodding. “I footed the bill for six months. I called a meeting expressing my desire to end the drought demanding Amy and Amanda got a job to pay their expenses….”
Belfort says. “Your father…”
She says. “They were my father and my mother. I didn’t have the heart to order them to pay me back or stop the management company from writing the checks. They had to eat and bathe.”
Art says. “After six months, your sisters didn’t have a job.”
Amber giggles, nodding. “Only more debts, I’m a slow learner. More importantly, I trusted my money management company. They are good. They pay all invoices that I instruct on time, without question or harassment to the vendors. While I was paying Amy and Amanda’s credit card bills, the girls were maximizing out the limits of the plastic by buying clothes, shoes…whatever. I took me six months to figure that out,” shakes her curls.
Cody leans over the wood at Amber. “Wow! Are they really your evil step-sisters?”
Belfort says. “You didn’t enjoy going on shopping sprees with your sisters.”
“I…I learned. I readied another meeting with the family planning to cut off the credit cards. I actually cut them up so the evil step-sisters couldn’t use them,” giggles Amber.
Cody nods and smiles. “Good for you.”
She says. “At the family meeting I initialed, the tables were turned on me. Amanda announced her love and betrothal to Oscar. He was secured as a husband for her and her future. She didn’t need a job but she held her own debts which he would pay.”
Belfort nods. “You paid for the wedding.”
She says. “Yes. Daddy couldn’t. He was so embarrassed. I was heartbroken over his embarrassment. I secretly met with him, without Amy and Amanda. Mama knew but she pretended to ignore the situation. I paid for everything that Amanda and Oscar wanted….”
Appleton nods and smiles. “I remember that wedding. It was grand affair for a senator’s daughter. The television stations played it for weeks.”
Amber giggles, nodding. “Yeah. Tell me about it.”
Belfort frowns at her. “You paid for the wedding….”
“…the honeymoon, the house, the cars, the boat, the newlyweds…,” she nods.
Art frowns. “Why didn’t you say no?”
She views Art. “Daddy asked. I couldn’t turn him down.”
Belfort says. “Senator Ashmore announced his bid for governorship at that time after his daughter’s wedding…,” she nods. “You paid for his political governor’s campaign with private funding with your personal bank account. Art, did you investigate Governor Ashmore’s political campaign?”
Art views Belfort. “No. He’s only been in public office for less his governorship. That event usually comes after they leave the public office,” views her. “However I do recall scanning the monies of his campaign. There were only one or two names.”
Appleton frowns at Art. “Do you remember Amber’s name?”
Belfort asks. “Art, didn’t you think that odd?”
Art shrugs. “What oddity? This is Alabama where a small town senator becomes governor. No. I might have seen her name but she was listed as a family member. She was paying with her personal check for all campaign expenses.”
Belfort says to Art. “Summary form, please. Amber pays for the family monthly expenses instead of declaring bankruptcy. Amber pays for Amanda’s wedding and thereafter. Amber pays for the governorship. Amber pays for Amy’s wedding with no thereafter happiness,” views her. “Why did you continue to pay the monthly expenses?”
Art smiles at her. “They found out about your awesome $68 million. Didn’t they?”
Amber views the sweaty water glass. “Daddy guessed. He never asked….”
Art says, “…only begged, borrowed, and stole isn’t that the old expression?”
Belfort asks. “Amber, how did you become so rich?”
“Miss Ashmore…,” Appleton sneers. “Why aren’t you more upset about the murders of your parents including your sisters and brothers in law? I would expect crying, weeping, and all that. They were your biological family members, only.”
Amber views Appleton. “Yes. I saw the real family. They loved money more than each other. They made that decision over me. I feel sad that I will never see them again. They are gone…”
Art nods. “They are in a better place in heaven.”
Amber says. “I don’t believe they’re in heaven.”
Art nods. “Amber’s right. That greedy lot is burning their food in hell.”
Amber says. “No. I don’t believe they’re in heaven or hell, because I don’t believe in heaven or hell.”
Belfort says. “You believe in Almighty God and his son Jesus Christ.”
Amber says. “No.”
Hawk squeezes her hand, frowning at her. “Why do you not believe in Almighty God and his son Jesus Christ, Amber?”
Rob says. “Hawk!”
Amber views the sweaty glass. “When we die we are gone and never to return here.”
Art asks. “Amber, where do you get your millions?”
Amber exhales. “I was left one million dollars by my Grandmother Ashmore. I lived at home with my parents while I attended college….”
Belfort asks. “Did you receive an academic scholarship?”
She exhales. “No. I’m not book smart but studious by studying my lessons and working my assignments. I was in a sorority. I performed on a dance team in basketball. I enjoyed college following far away from the twin footprints of Amy and Amanda. Both attended there with me. Amy was four older and Amanda six years older and both still there partying on campus. I decided to live at home where it was quiet. I spend time studying finance acquiring a major, five years later. I also enjoyed the concept of the stock market. I was fascinated how stocks rose and fell and could create an investor large some of monies, without the next day like by magic. Of course, it wasn’t magic. It was skill and luck. I played around with the penny stocks…”
Belfort frowns at her. “At eighteen years of age?”
She smiles at him. “You can do lots of stuff legally at eighteen but not drink alcohol. I don’t drink alcohol. I don’t like the taste but I’m not offended by people who consume within reason. I invested in and out with the small time penny stocks establishing a pattern and learning my way around the interactive stock market. When I become bolder I contacted an investment company in New York buying $1000 into some active top 100 blue blood established companies and $1000 into some new start-up companies. That really is how I began my $68 million.”
Appleton frowns. “You got lucky.”
She smiles. “No. You’re wrong. I actively worked the stock market and researched all the companies that I invested every day and monitored my stocks every hour of the day. Thank you, Internet. When I diversified my portfolio into major and minor companies I could switch and move stocks around with ease. I lost money. I gained money. At all times, the stocks remained in the stock market, not a bank account. Once I had acquired about two million dollars in worthy stocks I jerked the money out, paid my dues to Uncle Sam, and then invested half of it for more fortune. I kept doing that technique making money placing half in the bank and half for investments. I did well. I finally was satisfied when I reached $50 million. I stopped. I ripped my money from the stocks and turned to conservative bonds and IRA accounts at the bank. I let Third Alabama Bank manage the investment portfolio. They are very good making my money grow without me worrying about the details. That’s how I got rich.”
Appleton smirks. “You didn’t share your riches with the family.”
Amber smiles at her. “No.”
Belfort frowns. “You didn’t boast or brag to anyone.”
She frowns. “No.”
Belfort nods. “I’m definitely convinced that you are the one in danger. And I believe the gunman was after you, Miss Ashmore.”
Rob frowns. “No evidence points to that fact, sir.”
Belfort nods. “Her family is dead with no one to watch over her. Two of her family residential houses have been burned down to the ashes. Does this not relay a serious deadly message, a message of both of worry and concern? You’re next Amber.”
She shakes her curls. “No.”
Belfort says. “Face fact. Amber is a millionaire living by herself without body guards like the Hollywood movies stars have. You’re very rich, Amber. You need one or two guards.”
“No. I live in a safe town. No one knows about my millions but my family.”
Belfort says. “Amber, we don’t have any significant leads on the gunman. To be quiet honest, we all were wondering about your tall tale of a bald young man that looks like an eagle…”
She nods, smiling. “Ah! My sour attitude in regards to my loving biological family.”
Appleton nods. “That mental thought had crossed all of our minds.”
Belfort asks. “Who benefits from the deaths?”
She says. “I do. Daddy set that provision into all the Last Will and Testimony paperwork in case something happened hoping I could recoup some of my monies. You can check I’m the benefactor in all the legal forms before their deaths. I have copies if you want to pursue them.”
Art scans the faces. “We each have our own copies of the Last Will and Testimony within your individual folder. You can read them at suppertime. If Amber dies then the Davidson’s annoying brats gets the monies.”
She giggles. “They’re untamed and wild like bear cubs but I love them in my own way. I have a streak like Grandmother Ashmore. I left a few million dollars for both Amy and Amanda if they had outlived me. The bulk of my wealth goes to the boys at the age of eighteen.”
Mink appears inside the archway, saying. “Miss Ashmore, Congressman Davidson is here. He would like to speak with you.”
Amber frowns, studying the sweaty water glass. She views Belfort. “Thank you. I must see my uncle,” when Belfort nods. She stands then exits the dining room.

Living room.
She greets Davidson, without a smile inside the open living room. He is here for her money. She motions and leads them into the den study away from the dining room. She parks beside the sofa, without viewing him. “How much is the cremations?”
Davidson walks from the archway then closes the door. He stands in front of her clearing his throat. “Young lady, I am going to bury the bodies in coffins, not ashes.”
She giggles. “Fine and dandy, you pay for it, Davidson. I agreed with Daddy for cremations. It’s cheaper than…”
“Young lady, I do not like your sour puss tone. Your entire biological family is dead, permanently. You should show a great deal of respect for both your mama and daddy. May God rest their souls...”
“Your God created my greedy family. They are dead. Gone. Poof. No more. And I’m lucky that I wasn’t with them.”
“God saved you, young lady.”
“Luck saved me. That’s all great good luck. I’m the lucky duck of the family, not the black sheep like everyone likes to gossip behind closed doors. How much for the family sized cremations?”
“I only ask this once…”
She exhales, frowning at him. “Davidson, you ask for a lot of little things only once then twice then thrice...”
He frowns. “I do not like that you reference me by my Christian name, young miss.”
She giggles. “Do you have another first name? No. How much money do you need to burn…”
“Six bodies, $12,000 each casket about $80,000 should cover it plus the pretty casket and grounds flowers at the church and cemetery...”
“A $100,000 check. Don’t enjoy it!” Amber scribbles then hands her personal check to him. He smiles accepting the check then walks towards the door. She exhales talking to his back muscles. “Mama and Daddy are dead. I do not expect to see you anymore. Don’t call. Don’t write. Don’t email me. Don’t text. I don’t want you to come over for Christmas, dinner or fireworks. Do you understand, Davidson?”
He swings around looking tired and defeated. “Yes, Amber. I understand you. Enjoy your life.”
“I will.” Amber slams the den door removing her old memories and old enemies.
“Are you okay?” Hawk walks to her nose profile from the closed door. He likes her guts and gravel handling her personal life, if only she believed in Almighty God and Brother Jesus.
She exhales, smiling at him. “Yes. Thank you for asking.”
Belfort appears in front of her. He nods. “I believe we have one more matter to discuss. The last item is the family funeral.”
She says. “Davidson is making the arrangements. I’m not involved.”
Belfort frowns. “Aren’t you attending the funerals of your parents?”
“No. I don’t believe in heaven or hell. I find the ritual useless and depressing. The bodies were to be cremated as requested by my Daddy. Davidson wishes for caskets, instead of ashes. I granted his request by giving him a check for the cost of the funeral.”
Belfort says. “I think you should attend, Amber.”
She exhales and says with fury. “I do not believe this your concern, Belfort.”
Belfort frowns. “Miss Ashmore, what would the people of the Alabama perceive?”
She says. “I don’t give a hooty tooty about the public image of Alabamians or my dead and gone family members…”
Rob joins the huddle, nodding and smiling. “And I am relieved too. We do not have to handle security for Amber at the funeral site. Good choice!” Hawk frowns at him.
Belfort extends his hand to Amber then Rob. “The interview has concluded. I leave the squad of the US Marshals in charge of your security. I have a gunman to track down. This is goodbye for the day, Miss Ashmore,” exits her residential home.
Hawk smiles at Rob. “What is the next, step, chief?”
“The swimming hole, 90-degrees and sizzling hot outside.” Cody laughs passing them to change his jeans.
“Milady,” Hawk extends his arm for her. Amber giggles.

10:03 pm.
The sunrise ends bringing out the full moon for the evening. The weather is a balmy 72 degrees at ten at night. Amber and Hawk lay out on top of the dry lounge chairs side by side staring into the bright stars listening to the frogs croak. Birds sing. Crickets serenade the night. The two adults chat about minor topics as the deputies settle down for the evening shifts and sleep patterns.
Hawk views the stars wiping his sweaty forehead from the heated humidity. “Still hot?”
“I like hot weather. I feel warm and toasty.” Amber rolls to the side seeing his nose profile.
“I sweat like a pig and get thirsty a lot.”
“Cold beverages in the kitchen…”
“The view of the bright stars is lovely at night.”
She giggles. “Lovely! That’s a strange word for a guy.”
He smiles at her. “Lovely is great word for a guy like you’re lovely….”
“Thanks.” Amber giggles.
“Girls are lovely. Female cows are lovely. Baby kittens are lovely.”
“Baby kittens are cute and precious.”
He scans the manicured lawn. “I don’t see any animals. Do you like pets?”
She nods. “I have cared for dogs, cats, puppies, and kittens. Amanda gave me her Labrador puppy when she turned big and clumsy. I took her to training school for dogs. I carried her into the hospital for terminal children to pet and play with.”
“That’s so nice.”
“One of the families really enjoyed Marble.”
“You named the dog Marble.”
“Amanda did. It stuck and the dog was registered. Marble and the child really loved each other. I gave the family the dog as a pet and paid for the vet bills and pet food for the rest of the life of the dog.”
“Is Marble and the child happy?”
“I don’t know.”
He frowns at the stars. “Are you going to find out?”
“I don’t want to know. It’s too difficult to see the family and their sadness. The child wasn’t very healthy. He might not have lived passed the summertime. I enjoyed helping out when I can.”
“You help people all the time it sounds like.”
“I give back to the community.” Amber exhales. “That’s such a cliché. I’m embarrassed to say it. At the same time, it sums of my feelings.”
“…and your kindness…”
“Are you going to get another pet?”
“I…maybe.”
“Amber, you are a very nice person. You are really amazing to me. You give without questioning why or how. You show so much compassion and strength for a young woman.”
“Thank you! Your words are really sweet and smoothing.”
“I wanted to ask you something.”
“What, Hawk?”
“I was wondering…”
“What is it, Hawk?”
“Well, I was thinking.
“What were you thinking, Hawk?”
“I hope…”
Cody slides into the lounge chair almost knocking Hawk out of the furniture. Hawk yells. “Cody!”
Cody crawls on kneecaps between Hawk and Amber, saying. “A US Marshal carries a semi-automatic weapon along with a backup hand gun. I gots a twelve gauge shotgun in my truck. Wanna see, Amber?”
Tate exits the house standing over Cody’s hair roots. “Cody?”
“What?” Cody smiles at Amber.
“Come inside for your nap, boy.” Tate says.
Cody laughs. “He’s joking. The pick-up truck holds all the USMS equipment consisting of vests, shotguns, shields, batting rams, assault rifles….”
Tate says. “Cody?”
Cody smiles at Amber. She can’t see since it is fully darkness along the patio. “Ya gots to possess a bachelor degree and work experience of three or more years at a local or state police department to be a…”
Tate says. “Cody, time for your bath, boy.”
“Shut up, Tate! Also ya gots to pass a written test, an oral interview, a background investigation, a medical exam, a drug test and a fitness test in total tests before ya can be selected as a US Deputy Marshall so we guard prisoners, pretty prisoners, too.”
Tate grabs Cody’s t-shirt. “Cody, time for your supper, son,” then jerks up.
Cody yells lifting from the patio brick. “Shut it…ugh!”
Tate chuckles. “Excuse him, Miss Amber! Time for your bath, supper then nap, little boy,” drags Cody by the neck into the house with Hawk and Amber chuckling.
Amber smiles. “Were you going to ask me something, Hawk?”
Hawk grins. “The crew wants a plasma television…”
Amber sit upright then tumbles off the lounge chair. Hawk catches her before it hit the bricks pulling into his chest and sharing the chair. She giggles when he chuckles. “Whoa, little lady! These cheap chairs are like riding a roller coaster.”
She giggles. “I guess.”
He smiles. “I didn’t mean to surprise ya. You are so stable and steady when it comes to the unexpected…”
“I guess.”
“Ya see the crew has to be here to protect you and all that, so we thought a TV would be a nice consolation prize for our hard work.”
She nods. “Alright. You can have a TV. I didn’t know the models very well.”
“Cody does. He can get it and set it up and all that.”
She frowns. “Don’t you need cable or satellite for the TV?”
He nods and grins. “See ya know more than you realize. Yes. The TV needs a source of channels to work properly with one telephone call to the cable company that you’re paying now.”
Amber giggles. “O!”
He grins. “That’ll work just great.”
“And I’ll give Cody cash. Is that okay?”
He nods. “Yeah! Cash is great. He can get the TV and set up the cable and stuff. You’re a nice eye witness, Amber.”
She frowns at the moon. “Thanks, Hawk. I really appreciate the compliment.”
He grins hugging her, whispers. “Can I ask you something else?”
She giggles. “What other electronic gadget do you require for the TV?”
“No material values. I’m going to church tomorrow…”
“No.”
He frowns. “Why aren’t you a believer in Almighty God and Brother Jesus Christ?” She turns from him viewing the swimming pool. He exhales. “Amber, I really would like to know.”
“That’s a personal request, not a material one…”
He nods. “This is my point of starting the conversation with you, Amber. You’re the epitome of a Christian, Amber. You give with your heart and your money in ways some prosperous people don’t. You supported your family members in crisis and beyond. I don’t know many people who would tolerate greedy behavior and wanton desires for two years without rudely halting the process.”
She views the swimming pool. “Epitome, a person representative of the perfect example, that’s not me, Hawk.”
He smiles. “What is you, Amber? You helped your family out of love or out of pity.”
“Probably, a little of both. You only live once in life. I have the means to help people in bad situations live life in a better way. I’m supposed to do that.”
“Amber,” exhales. “That is a Christian faith, the life line of the Christian faith. So, your behavior is so opposite of an atheist…”
“Atheism is one that denies or disbelieves in the existence of God or a super being first being found in 1566 in England…”
He nods. “You read a lot of historical books.”
“I find I have lots of time on my hands. My family wasn’t a priority for a long time. I just seemed to think outside the box or outside the political circle. My Daddy loved the politics and atmosphere along with my Mama who dragged along the three daughters. We are the trophies that get him elected. Daddy started as mayor of Ironville.”
“So this is your roots. This is home.”
“I guess. I went to Ironville Schools while Daddy pursed his political career. He received monies from Grandmother Ashmore. She was the wealthy benefactor in the family. She loved her two sons to the point of spoiling them. Davidson and Wharton were lucky she was a good mother and provided for them from birth to death…”
“I’m not a psychiatrist but you might need to talk to Tate. He got a psychology degree…”
“I’m fine. I like talking to you better than him.”
“I’m a great listener. Keep talking!”
“Wharton was elected as a city councilman at the age of eighteen with the financial assistance of Grandmother Ashmore, of course. She didn’t have political aspirations but loved her son. He was the youngest elected mayor at the age of twenty-one after graduating Burn U serving for four years and then another term of four years.”
“What was his platform?”
“His platform was a scandal-free politician.”
He nods. “Ah! The bankruptcy would have tainted that image.”
“Good point! In the world of adultery and corruption, bad money handling would rank number three. The House of Representatives in the Alabama Congress he was 29 years old in our district for three terms of four years then Daddy got elected in the Alabama State Senate with the other 24 senators one term. He was 50 years old. He held the US senator for two and half terms or five years until becoming governor of the Alabama.”
“You’re good in math.”
She frowns. “Is this my group therapy?”
“I like to think of it as your private therapy. When your Daddy was US senator, did you live in DC or here?”
“I’ve always lived in Ironville being raised mostly by Davidson.”
He frowns. “Ah! The rude congressman and your disrespect toward the ill-bred man.”
She nods. “I guess so. I resented him telling me what to do while my parents were traveling around the state for people votes or political parties.”
“You were the good little girl and stayed home and studied your books, not the notorious cliff notes summaries.”
She giggles. “You’re good.”
He smiles. “You are so predictable, Amber.”
“Am I?”
“Yes, very predictable.”
“Is that good?”
“That’s great in my book.”
“What else is great in your book? Tell me about your background…”
“Later, I promise. Uncle Davidson became Daddy Dearest.”
“He was okay. He was strict with older pairs of sisters like Amy and Amanda. When Amanda turned eighteen she got to escape into the real world with her inheritance. The money gave her freedom to do anything she wanted. I saw that. And then she was followed by Amy another year later. I felt that then I was stuck at home for the long haul. With Daddy climbing the political ladder, Davidson didn’t need a third daughter running amuck under the cherry trees.”
“You were the good one.”
“I was the last of the silver trophies. I was always on an airplane going something to met Daddy and Mama at some political function, event or party. I grew tired to the fake people and the fake causes. I wanted to stay home and read my books, watch TV and have friends.”
He frowns. “I’m sorry, Amber.”
“Don’t be. It’s not your life that was shuffled back and forth. I listened to kids in divorce talk about how rough it was being carted to and fro from one parent to another. I had both my parents. They just didn’t live in the city of my birth but somewhere in the state of Alabama.”
“When you turned eighteen you could’ve ran away like Amanda and Amy?”
“Where to? A dorm room or rent an apartment? I stayed in the house Daddy abandoned when he won US Senator caring for the animals, looking after the family heirlooms possessions. I started college studying and playing the stock market.”
“Your only friend…”
“The stock market was like a fugitive. It was up, down, side to side. You didn’t know what you would find the next day…good stock or bad stock…,” laughs. “Yes. It was a friend sorta.”
“What about social flesh and blood friends?”
“Amanda and Amy had those. They came around the house for free food, to swim when it was hot, to hang out and watch TV at night. I wasn’t impressed. I ended up in my room studying the stock market as they invaded the living room. That stopped when Davidson dropped by one night unexpectedly. I was happy for once to see his sour puss facial expression,” giggles. “Amanda and Amy were mad. They left and never returned except for special occasions.”
“You left out a special occasion.”
She frowns. “I didn’t think so. There’s school, college, the DC townhouse, the Ironville house, the Davidson home, Thanksgiving, Easter, Christmas, Fourth of July which is very special for America and other holidays. Which one did I miss?”
He nods and smiles. “Church socializing and church friends?”
“O!”
“O! What does that mean?”
“I did not go to church.”
“During Sunday morning for preaching service…”
“No.”
He smiles. “How about attending the church singing choir or the delicious church supper dinner or the church volunteers watching some of the bratty kids?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“No one took me.”
“Why not, Amber?”
“As a little girl, Daddy traveled on Sunday to his destination on Monday. Sunday was hard when Daddy left going to someplace I couldn’t go or a place I didn’t want to go. I didn’t see my parents for hours, sometimes not until passed midnight for a simple hug and a kiss. The evenings were long. On Sundays, I was so depressed and upset that I stayed in my room, reading or studying or crying or thinking.”
“Did you pray?”
“Pray to what, a super being that lives in outer space where it’s cold and dark.”
“You didn’t pray to Almighty God or Brother Jesus Christ for comfort.”
“No.”
“Were you not taught the little kid prayers which prays like this. I lay me down to sleep… ”
“No.”
“Are to sing little kid Bible songs which sings like this. Jesus loves me…”
“No.”
He exhales and shakes his skull. “Golly gee, molly. You were so deprived as little girl. I can teach you some prayers and songs.”
She frowns at him. “Why, Hawk?”
“Because the words and lyrics are comforting in a time of need from pain and suffering…”
“I’m not suffering.”
“You lost your entire biological family, Amber. I don’t understand how you are dealing with this without going crazy.”
“My family is…”
“Is what?”
“My childhood was different from the norm.”
“How was it different you had a mom and dad and sister?”
“I…it was duty, not love that I received. It was a duty to be good, a duty to act nice, a duty to give to the community like Daddy taught me over the years.”
“Amber, wow! Your daddy instilled some goods rules but for all the wrong reasons. I can’t believe you don’t go to church. Have you ever been baptized?”
“No.”
“Lookie, tomorrow is Sunday we can go my church in Morrison close to here. You’ll like the sings, the preachers, the little kids...”
She shakes her curls. “I…I’m a witness, the protection thing that’s why you’re here.”
He nods. “I’ll get Rob’s permission. He goes to church, too. He will say yeah.”
“I think you should…”
“I should what?”
“You should ask me if I want to go to church, Hawk.”
Hawk blinked his eyelids studying her. “I’m so sorry, Amber. You’re absolutely right,” smiles. “What you like to go to church with me?”
“No,” she stands then walks into her house.
Hawk stands watching her priss away toward the door as it slams shut. He whispers. “Not the right word choice, that’s okay. There is always tomorrow and the next day and the next…,” squats, retrieving his shoes. He stands, whispering. “She didn’t understand the relationship of Almighty God, Brother Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit because she wasn’t taught to love and honor Him. I had. Lucky, I’m protecting you as a witness for the US Federal Government and Almighty God,” nods and smiles.

Apartment building. Hooverville. Alabama. 2:03 pm.
The motorcycle black leather clad male enters the unlocked apartment without knocking. He is expected standing inside the living room. He says. “We have a problem.”
The female: short, long black hair, green eyes, slender. She laughs. “This ain’t no TV commercial for a Hollywood film. How many times does that catch phrase translate into trouble?”
“I guess the noun problem gave you a hint, huh Sheba or Shelby. I never can remember which one is your fake name….,” he laughs.
“Unlucky for me, you’re bald since its Sheba,” she laughs.
He rubs his baldness, smiling. “I am at that.”
“I was referring to the pronoun, we…,” winks at him.
He extends the envelope to her. “There wasn’t a large monetary paper check on your boy like he told…we,” chuckles.
Sheba gasps accepting the envelope. “You checked all his pockets,” examining the folded letter.
He nods. “He was the one sporting a tux at the time with all pocket empty but one.”
“That girl lied to him.” Sheba growls.
“The girl’s dead. She can’t lie anymore if that is a consolation prize for your effort,” chuckles.
Sheba tears the envelope and letter flaming it with her cigarette lighter, watching it burn. “Actually the girl’s alive and breathing.”
He sneers. “I killed all the females posing for pictures at the church.”
“She was missing which is lucky for the both of us.” Sheba winks at him.
He growls. “I kill her.”
Sheba shakes her curls. “I’d rather you wound her for the next round. She does have the check,” tosses the newspaper to him.
He catches it studying the article. The murdered Ashmore family included the newly elected Governor Wharton. The entire editorial talked about the Ashmore family and background. The front page showing a smiling picture of the young adult named Amber Ashmore, the only surviving member of the massacre. “She’s pretty. Can I keep her?”
She frowns. “You’re sick Samson.”
He taps the newspaper. “She’s pretty and probably rich based on your sketchy details of this bombed job.”
“I don’t want the girl. I want the check. She must’ve kept them for herself for some reason. I don’t get it.” Sheba stares at the far wall.
He sits in the chair tapping the newspaper, staring at her. “Tell me the story, Sheba. Why’s she involved at all? I understand that Amber Ashmore doesn’t run around with her biological family members before their timely deaths.”
She fingers the kitchen. “Take off your jacket, grab a beer and pull a chair, Samson. Let me tell my tale. You’re not going to believe me.”
Samson rips out the jacket laying it at the edge of the sofa. He walks into the kitchen opening the refrigerator reaching for a beer. He returns sitting at the opposite end of the couch near her for the story. “Begin, please.”
She smiles. “Foster Gordon is a stock broker who’s broke.”
He laughs. “Foster enjoyed the races of ponies and doggies too much on the sly.”
“No, not a very good investor, he is…was so-so. He had better days earlier in his career. Stocks are only part of the game for investors. Getting lots of diverse investors gets you more commissions and a bigger pot of the monies. Foster didn’t have many clients, only a hand full.”
“She was his client…”
“No.”
“Saids here, she was his future sister-in-law.”
“Bingo. Foster is…was my supervisor…”
“You are…were going to get promoted.”
“Investment companies only promote based on money, not merit.”
“Sorry.”
“….for me and you, both. Foster was my boss. As my boss, he liked to delegate domestic tasks to his employees since he didn’t have time to bother with. This particular day, I had been summoned by the boss for another one of his boring tasks. I patiently waited outside his office…”
“Professional etiquette, I’m impressed, Sheba.”
“Learned it the hard way. Anyways I stood outside in the coordinator like an idiot with my boss yelping on the phone like a teenager with raging hormones to his girlfriend who was actually his fiancé.”
“Ease dropping while you wait.”
“He called me from my desk. Let me defend myself here. Anyways I was standing there. His door is wide open. I’m parked at the wooden frame between the door and the wall. I could hear the entire and complete conversation. Foster repeated the words, five million dollars. I perked up. Did he fall over a new client with big bucks?”
“A prize possession…”
“In the investment company it is the goose that landed the golden egg and a five million dollar check is the difference between buying a compact cheap-ass car versus an expensive sports car,” he sips the beer. “Anyways Foster catch me a live one. I continued to listen hoping to hear a name or two, so I could call and chat dropping Foster’s name as a reference. Foster becomes so engrossed into the conversation that he is repeating all the facts back to his girlfriend named Amy. First, they were getting married in two weeks. Second, Amanda’s birthday was the next day with a big surprise birthday bash. Third, Daddy was giving both Amy and Amanda gifts made of a single check of five million dollars each for presents.”
“Five million dollar checks meaning two checks for two kids or ten million dollars. Didn’t know the governor of Alabama was that rich?”
“Believe me. I was standing there thinking the same mental thought when Foster answered the questions and provided the solution to my monetary problems. He told Amy to get the checks as cashier’s checks.”
He sips the beer. “Cashier’s check don’t thieves use them?”
“No, Samson. A cashier’s check is a bank check…”
“Bank is not a good word when you’re stealing cash…”
“It is different from the check you write from a personal bank account. A cashier’s check is accepted for almost 99.99 percent transactions, because it provides a guarantee of payment to the receiver of the check which would be…we,” smiles. “A cashier’s cash is unique in that the funds are not drawn from your personal bank account. You withdraw funds from your personal account, first and then pay the funds to the bank creating the cashier’s check which is not really traceable. The money funds are drawn on the bank, not your personal account.”
“We still can get caught.”
“Foster told his bride to get the five millions dollar in a cashier’s check. He was thinking the same thing. Dump the money in an offshore account and let the Feds find him keeping all the cash without paying income taxes to Uncle Sam.”
“We can do the same thing.”
“I have my special contacts on standby in the Cayman.”
He sneers. “Cayman Islands is far, far away from me or we here in Bama.”
“The Cayman Islands is a British overseas Territory located in the western Caribbean Sea. The land comprises the three islands of Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac, and Little Cayman…”
He chuckles. “Some dang original names for the Cayman isles there.”
She eye rolls then views him. “Whatever. You can open a bank account in the Cayman National Corporation, a financial service for local and international clients for 30 years with the touch of a finger by the Internet, without leaving your house or your motorcycle or your apartment,” giggles. “The bank offers asset protection on all offshore bank accounts, private Swiss bank accounts, and a wealth management plan for your big bundle of monies,” nods. “That girl has both the cashier’s checks that we want. She’s probably scared since the US Marshals are protecting her. She doesn’t even know who killed her family. The good part is no one knows why. That’s the best mystery of all. The stupid television media, newspapers, reports and trash tabloids are having a field day guessing and printing that a bizarre zealot occult organization fucked up the kidnapping foiled plot then committed the massive murders into a holy church,” giggles. “It’s almost to be much fun to stop the silly speculation running wild boars through the precious potato patch during a famine.”
He sips the beer, smirking. “You’re a former farm girl, Sheba.”
She exhales. “From my former past, a very long time ago,” fingers the newspaper. “That girl is involved in giving and moving the ten million. She’s rich too. I had to do some searching, chatting among my peers especially at the bank…”
He shakes his baldness. “That was not smart, Sheba. Someone’s going to report you to someone else who going to investigate...”
She shakes her curls. “Naw. After the killing fields in the church every person’s absolutely curious about the who, why, and what happened to the governor’s first family. My telephone calls were gossip more than anything else. I finally reached a guy who came from my company long time out. He’s one of the top broker’s for the Third Alabama Bank. He knows that girl. She has her trust fund at the bank. She’s worth $68 million.”
He whistles. “$68 mil, shouldn’t we ask for more?”
She frowns. “Don’t get greedy, Samson. We don’t need more than ten million split in half living on a beautiful Caribbean island for the rest of my days. It’s cheap down there. Five million goes a long, long way babe. How does that sound?” He nods then sips the beer. “Call Gus...”
He burps. “Drunk and disorderly Gus…”
“That same drunk and disorderly Gus, I have a job for him. Since, he never completes his task being a total idiot which fits into my perfect plan.”
He exhales. “I can see through your perfect plan, Sheba. Amber Ashmore is scared and confused about her family, her pretty face, and her life. You plan to add a more stress and distress by having Gus to fire at massive Ashmore funeral. Are you mad woman? Yeah! You are a mad woman,” stands and shakes his baldness. “I want…”
She fingers the chair then grins. “Sit. Please. Hear me out. The funeral is Monday afternoon at the massive grave site for the deceased Ashmore folks. Amber will be there sitting beside her uncle, a congressman in the Alabama government. She is the only one left within the Ashmore family. The television reporters, photographers, and camera crew will be filming and recording on her. Gus will be there with his gun…”
He exhales. “If he kills her, we don’t get the money.”
“Has Gus every performed his duty with accuracy or competence for me? For you? For anyone?” Sheba spits her salvia on the floor with disgust then smiles. “Naw! He is the decoy the US Marshals are looking, tracking and can’t find,” giggles. “Scout out a site for Gus somewhere in the outline of the woodland forest trees where his drunker self can’t be seen by the US Marshals. Set him up with a gun, any weapon with do. I’m not a weapons expert. Gus only has to shoot the weapon into the ground making a big booming sound, not hit her either since we both want the ten million dollars.”
He gasps. “What? Don’t hit her with the bullet? I was thinking a nice arm wound would change her mind…”
She frowns. “You’re on the right track here with me, Samson. Ya see that’s the scary part I was referring. I want to scare Amber Ashmore into handing over the two checks of ten million dollars to us without showing a violent encounter or another death.”
“Wait a minute. Your theory is based on Amber not telling the US Marshals about the ten million dollar cashier’s checks. Why would she hide that data from them?”
Sheba shakes her curls. “To honor her dead family, her dead father was governor. If it was leaked he was being blackmailed or harassed the name Ashmore would be mud for the rest of her life even here in the good old south we respect family names, dead and alive,” giggles and nods.
He frowns. “Some families don’t care about that their named reputations.”
She smiles. “Some old southern families like Amber will and does. She was paying for all her family’s home expenses for the past two years from her personal bank account. The governor was broke, no money in his personal bank accounts. Some type of poor investment that Foster engineered that want sour and south. Ya see standing inside the wall corner all these months outside his private office door is good for being bad for we…,” winks at him.
He sips then says. “You never acted on that VIP information, Sheba. Doesn’t sound like you?”
“I didn’t realize how rich Amber Ashmore was. I would’ve done something earlier.”
“Gus just shoots his gun. Is there any direction desired excluding Amber?”
“Near the casket would be good, but we can’t count on him getting anything right.”
“Gus’ll be arrested quicker than a rattlesnake strike and then hauled in for questioning by the big time FBI boys and girls and then…”
“Gus will cry like a baby. He’s always been no good at any job, being an alcoholic.”
He sneers. “Gus is going to remember me.”
She giggles, flipping her gloved hand. “O please on what day would that been Ground Hog’s day in February of 1999? Gus can’t remember his name half the time or his address most of the time. That’s why he sleeps at the corner grocery store on the long wooden bench and carries a weapon with him.”
He frowns at her. “Gus is loaded.”
She giggles. “Every day, he showed me the hand gun one day as I walked to work. Scared the hairs off my legs. He was joshing and joking with me, of course for fun. But yeah, Gus is loaded both mentally and physically.”
He views the floor. “Gus really needs to be hospitalized for mental illness.”
She smiles. “We’re doing the world or at least the city of Birmingham a great big favor removing a dangerous and harmful creature from the busy city streets.”
He whispers. “I guess.”
She says. “Draw him into the forest with many pints of whiskey bottles, a torn ratty blanket and leave a couple of his specifically type of hand guns from his little shack. It’s across the corner grocery store, so set him up tonight. He sleeps during the evening and awakes during working hours for fun and torment of the working class,” laughs. “Then Gus is permanently gone from the wooden bench while replacing we,” winks and giggles. “And I wanna see you not as the motorcycle hottie with the bald head. That’s the description printed inside the newspaper from the US Marshals.” He nods. “Ditch the bike…”
“It’s stolen.”
“Good! Get a tan, use the spray-on stuff, get some fake eye glasses and grow some hair, not a wig. That’s too swiftly sudden of a change within your neighbors and co-workers’ eyeballs. Let your facial hair grow out stubby and rough looking.”
“How ya going to get the checks?”
She smiles. “The beautiful part, I’m going to call her on the phone pretending to be the bank manager and ask her kindly to mail the two five million checks back to me.”
He hoots shaking his baldness. “You be one crazy loco female. She’ll never do it.”
She fingers the window. “First, her family is killed in a wild shooting spree. Her life is chaos. Second, her life is threatened at a very public place, the grave site. O! I think Miss Amber will get the subtle message softly bombarded into her brain cells. She’ll send me the checks,” laughs with him.

Sunday
morning. home of Amber.
Mink rushes into the kitchen, smiling. “We found a lead. The cashier at the Dee Dee’s Hamburgers fast food restaurant down the street recognized the motorcycle dude, thought he was cute. He was inside drinking a soda near the beverage stand before loading back onto his cycle.”
Hawk views the ceiling closing his eyelids. “Thank you, Almighty God.”
Amber frowns, scanning the faces around the breakfast table. She exhales. “You sound and look very relieved.”
Rob says. “Up until this lead no one really believed your version of the story, Miss Ashmore.”
She gasps. “You assumed it was a fairy tale.”
Tate nods. “You must admit. Your entrance yesterday was a little abnormal. Think of the fairy story of Cinderella. She married the rich prince becoming a princess and then by the kindness of heart she took care of her evil step-sisters and step-mother. You fit that picture perfectly, then. After your interview in a criminal investigation you have a beef with your entire biological family. Next thing they are all dead especially the dead ones sucking you dry of your monies.”
Cody chews and chuckles. “Vampires bats suck your blood dry not….”
Mink taps his collar bone. “Hush, Cody.”
Amber says. “I guess it does look bad. I described the event without emotion.”
Tate chuckles. “Too much hostile emotion with the vague description of a faceless gunman with two guns, Hollywood can’t write that great storyline.”
“I’m flattered my fairy tale was original. Now! There’s proof of a faceless motorcycle dude.”
Mink say. “The FBI is interviewing people located at all the vendor businesses up and down the city street of the church and now around Dee Dee’s. This means he is still alive and around those parts or he lives somewhere around here.”
Amber shakes her curls. “I don’t think so. I grew up in this neighborhood as a child I would remember someone like him riding a motorcycle dress in leather. No proper parent would allow their children or their teenage near a man like that without calling the mayor the police captain for an investigation.”
“I disagree, Amber. You spent your teenager years in Mountain Stream a lot changes when you’re older like your immediate perception of life. Now, this man is IDed with the locals. He might come looking for you.”
Hawk frowns. “I don’t see how. And I don’t see the why. The FBI has done an exhaustive search on Foster’s and Oscar’s lives since birth. They were descent guys not counting being lazy. Taking money to pay for their fun without working for it, that’s glutton or sloth…”
Cody chews. “Glutton is eating too much.”
Hawk says. “No. Gluttony is a desire to consume more than that which one requires like money. Money is the root of all evil. A noun is defined for excessive acting and drinking. The seven deadly sins are wrath, greed, sloth, pride, lust, envy and gluttony. Sloth is wasting time due to lack of use, concerning a person, place, thing, skill or ideal to support your existence. Both Oscar and Foster was a pair of sluggard lazy males…”
Rob nods and stares at Hawk. “Agreed. We are moving on to the business at hand protecting Amber and catching the bad guy. The FBI interviews have been completed for the nice guys, the nice girls, and the nice governmental officials including the church leaders, any political opponents of Governor Ashmore, corporate heads, and most of the public at large. There had been no death threats, death notes, death emails, and death phone calls. There had been no claims of acknowledgment of any a-political or b-political organizations. I find this all normal.”
Hawk frowns. I find this all odd. We are back to square one. Amber, do you have an opinion?”
She chews. “No.”
Tate asks. “How are you feeling?”
She chews. “Stupid.”
Cody chews. “Don’t be sad. Be sadder, saddee, saddest...”
Mink frowns then slaps his bicep. “Hush, Cody.”

1:04 pm. house of Pilkerton. Gross Street. Ironside. Alabama. Bedroom window.
He hears the mobile telephone ringing then the connection, smiles. “Sheba.”
Pause.
“Glad to hear my voice. Did you like your new mobile telephone with the cool expensive earphones that I stole for my fun last night then snuck into your apartment for a quick Santa Clause delivery? Nothing stomps a police investigation quicker than some stolen expensive merchandise from a neighbor on the other side of Ironside,” laughs. “And I hoped you got Foster’s top management position by now. I know you can’t talk being part of the three thousand plus crying and sobbing folks attending the Ashmore funerals. I’ll here at the house on Groovy Street calling on the landline…”
Pause.
“Grossy Street. That’s correct. I like my pronunciation better, dear. The Pilkertons were very nice and pleasant to me allowing me to occupy one of the bedrooms for my spying gig after I loaded their bodies into the food freezer. Ya gotta love southern people and the big deep wide food freezers for packaged meats and homemade ice cream,” sniggers. “Since you can’t even grunt loud enough for me to hear ya I’ll just keep talking. I didn’t call for being social either. I located at the street corner view of the house right behind Amber’s backyard. The US Marshals are outside on the patio deck cooking hotdogs looks like a sweet sixteen party. It’s very strange to me, since I got the TV plugged in and watching the live burial also. I can see Davidson sitting next to her,” views the window with the binoculars.
Pause.
He views the television. “I’ll just tattle-tailing to ya this is indeed odd stuff. I can’t see you on the tube. You must be in the very, very back of the crowd for a fast escape. It’s a hot day around 92 degree. Are you sweating bullets or water? I am watching Amber’s house. The deputies are moving in and out of the house,” gasps. “She’s here. Amber is here at her house,” views the television narrowing his eyelids at the Amber Ashmore on the screen. Her black floppy hat hides her face except her long red hair. “Wait a minute. Amber’s here but I can see her plain as day there, too. She’s actually flirting using her hands, fingers and hair with one of the FBI agents. This is really weird. That’s her, the long auburn hair, the long tanned legs, the slender body,” views the patio. “That girl’s a fake, probably to lure our gunman out into the open. You’re brilliant, Sheba. I give you all the credit, babe. Gus will shoot the bullet and then it’ll fun to watch the panic from both home fronts,” laughs. “Hey! The deputy doggies here just hurried into the house, guess they want to see the fireworks too. Gotta go, honey! Call me when you got at a safe distance.”

1:12 pm. home of Amber. living-room.
“Guys!?” Tate hangs from the door archway viewing Cody’s back muscles cooking at the food grill. “Gallop in here now. Hurry! Hurry up,” swings into the cooler living room when Cody, Tate, Hawk sweep inside.
They sit along the sofa with Rob, Mink and Amber watching the program transmission on the new big plasma television blaring with loud noise.
Amber says. “This the funeral services for my family.
Tate frowns studying the plasma. “I thought the bodies were going to be cremated per the Last Will and Testimony.”
Amber exhales. “Davidson wanted caskets, not ashes per his request. I gave him a check for all the coffins and flowers…”
Cody stands, fingers the plasma. “What’s that?”
Tate stands, fingers the plasma. “Who is that?”
Hawk studies the plasma then Amber sitting beside him on the sofa. He looks at screen plasma then Amber for a second time noting her long tanned legs and long auburn hair. He studies the female sitting in the chair next to Davidson at the funeral with long tanned legs and long auburn hat under her black hat. “Amber!?” Hawk stands, fingers the plasma. “Stand up, Amber,” she stands when he views her features. “I see long tanned legs from her dress and long auburn hair from her hat like Amber Ashmore who stands right here with us.”
Tate exhales and views Rob. “What’s Davidson doing at the funeral?”
Rob shakes his skull walks to the landline on the bar counter, lifts the receiver, dialing the familiar telephone numbers. He waits for the connection. “Belfort.”
Pause.
He views the plasma. “We’re viewing it now.”
Pause.
“Get your boys over there to that girl in the black hat with long auburn hair.”
Pause.
“That girl is not Amber Ashmore.”
Pause.
Rob laughs. “You’ve been had, man. Amber’s with us at her house under our great deputy protection, not your dupery guarding,” smiles.
Pause.
“That fake Amber girl’s in danger from someone and arrest Davidson for something…”
Pause.
“No harm. The girl’s pretending to be Amber which she is not,” when a loud bang echoes from the television plasma. “A gun shot, a single bullet from the outer limits of the graveyard near the woodlands. Get him! Out Rob,” disconnects from Belfort slamming the telephone onto the landline.
He gathers with Tate, Mink, Cody, Hawk and Amber around the plasma watching the chaos grow worse. Cody cuts off the audio volume of the television, watching. People run overturning the metal chairs, knocking down flower stands, huddling around their children from fear and fright. People hit other folks hustling out of range of the single gunman.
The television screen becomes covered with the uniforms and rifles of the Alabama National Guardsmen huddling protectively around Congressman Davidson, the fake Amber and other Ashmore kids. The FBI Agents wear jacket wind breakers written on their backs for identify the letters FBI. They run across the graveyard with guns drawn searching for the single gunman.
The State of Alabama Governor’s security team huddles around the current Governor Holland blocking his view from the television camera.
The television camera swings right then left following the FBI agents who are probing and poking between the trees limbs and low plant bushes in the direction of the shooting bullet. The agents zoom onto a solo male as he is hauled out of the woods and then placed onto the manicured lawn of the cemetery. The high powered camera lens record the live action capture of the gunman, without the audio volume of the television screen.
Rob raises his fist. “Belfort got him.”
Hawk exhales, frowning with worry. “I hope so.”
Cody studies him. “Ya don’t seem certain, Hawk.”
Hawk views the plasma. “I want a verbal confession and a matching weapon. He looks old and could be another nut job in the making for fame and fortune. Can we sit on the interrogation?”
Rob back steps moving to the landline telephone. “Amber does. After they book and print we’ll travel down to the FBI security jail cells. The place is located downtown. You’ll be safe, Amber. I’m making the arrangements, now. The sooner this is done the sooner we leave Amber’s house with the murderer caught and captured.”
Hawk nods and smiles, hugging Amber. “Everyone’ll be okay. Then we can have some fun go fishing and roll skating, maybe have a new adventure or two,” she giggles, nodding.

1:37 pm. house of Pilkerton.
He stands at the window viewing the empty patio of Amber’s house. He talks on the telephone landline. “Sheba, can you talk?”
Pause.
He chuckles. “Inside your car, a good safe place for both T-storm lightning strikes and stray flying bullets,” laughs.
Pause.
“A ‘no go’ on your idea, I got a better one.”
Pause.
“Mr. Pilkerton likes his gun collection, a lot consisting of an array of various shotguns, hand pistols with fresh unopened boxes of ammo. Based on the numerous hanging picture frames inside his man-cave den he hunts both bucks and does in the deep southern Alabama woodlands.”
Pause.
“A ‘no go’ on your solo thought. I don’t think you should try calling Amber and requesting the money. It’s obvious this was a fake play and the US Marshals won the game today.”
Pause.
“I agree Amber is scared but she ain’t running. As long as the deputies have the home field advantage Amber’s going no where.”
Pause.
“Thank you. I’m smart like you. My plan will evac the deputy doggies onto higher ground for us, so to speak. I need you at the Interstate 20 and Interstate 59 junction off exit 261 park inside the lumber business parking lot near the roadway. Get out the car and watch for three black painted and dark window tinted US Federal Government issued four-door vehicles. You can’t miss them since you watch television like me. The three vehicles will head west on I-20 then split into three separate pathways at the interchange junction of I-65 and I-20 trying to confuse or defuse us. One will go north on Interstate-65. The second one will go south on Interstate-65. The third one will go west continuing on I-20. Stand by on the cell! I’m parking my truck on the opposite street corner away from Amber’s house spying on which vehicle she enters. I can pace them from there.”
Pause.
“I’m going to mount and tilt the shotgun aiming at the roof tiles of Amber’s house with one good noisy blast. Amber will hide under the bed until she’s dragged out by her ponytail then stuffed inside one of the three governmental vehicles. The deputy doggies will be implementing an emergency plan to run their scared eye witness to the next safe house.”
Pause.
“This is country Alabama, not New York City. They won’t come into the metro city with all the great open spaces of farmland around the outskirts of Birmingham hiding out there within the open plain and in plain sight of me…”
Pause.
“I don’t know which farm they house their eye witnesses for safekeeping. Once I find the rural hideout we can get the girl and then the money. And I can rid the world of some rabid deputy doggies. I’ll contact you after I find the farm. Chow,” he drops the telephone from his gloved hand, smiling.

1:47 pm. home of Amber.
Rob nods on the telephone with the FBI agent. The others watch the television as the FBI vehicle carries the gunman towards the downtown office for questioning. He says. “Our FBI contact says the male is named Gus Brewster, a homeless, penniless alcoholic…”
Cody hooks up the US Marshals electronic connection to the FBI satellite following the procession of the FBI vehicles looking like blue dots on the television plasma. The electronic connection provides audio processing the gunman arrest and incarnation, not showing his nose profile.
Rob says. “The FBI is grueling and grilling Mr. Gus Brewster. The male does not seem to mentally understand what he had done, why he was in the woods, where he was at, how his gun misfired. Belfort and all the FBI agents are frustrated with the lack of evidence and now the lack of knowledge of the wedding killing spree and a mysterious drunkard who wandered into the woodlands right at the time of the funerals. I do...,” when the loud sound cracks across the rooftop of Amber’s house. Some of the roof tiles explode.
Each face gently lands on the tile flooring. Hawk lands on top of Amber drawing his hand gun above her skull. Amber sobs with tears.
Rob stands on his kneecaps viewing the windows, sees no broken glass. “The single shot hit the roof tile then exploded. I don’t hear any more gun fire. Stay down, Amber!”
Hawk whispers into her ear. “Don’t move. I’m right here,” she shivers from fear.
Mink lies on the floor. “Gus isn’t the shooter from the church.”
Rob grabs the binoculars from his gear surveying the lawns, the trees, and the windows of the houses behind her house. “I see it one of the rear windows of the house at a diagonal corner from us. I don’t see a shooter. I don’t see a gun. Wait! I see a shadow. Stay put! I’m calling the FBI to investigate that house. Tate, call the cars for a parade route from Ironside to our hideout.” Tate crawls into the kitchen for safety pulling his mobile telephone. Rob says. “Mink, go and get some clothes for Amber. Amber, we’re moving you to a safer locate out of Ironside and Birmingham. Hawk, stay and cover Amber until the cars arrive. Cody, follow me into the kitchen away from the glass windows,” he crawls on the tiles into the kitchen. Rob stands moving towards the table. He sits exhaling from the excitement pulling out his laptop then types.
Tate slides into a chair with Cody. “The cars are on the way in about ten more minutes.” 
Rob nods. “Good work, Tate! There will be three cars. There are six of us. Two people goes into each car. Mink and me. Cody and Amber. Tate and Hawk.”
Tate views Cody shaking his skull. “I don’t think Cody should be the escort of Amber. He’s only a child.”
Rob spins then fingers his laptop. “We are 5.7 miles from the I-20 and I-65 interchange junction. The expressway goes four different directions of north, south, west, and east. We come from the east. Therefore the real shooter will figure that Amber will not be heading back east for any logical reason while escaping her prison. Mink and me will go south on I-65 into downtown Birmingham. Tate and Hawk will go north on I-65 towards Gardenville. Cody and Amber will continue west down I-20. Then Cody will car race his black tinted bullet protected vehicle exiting off number 124 from the I-20, hop onto Highway 78 going south then exit off and get back onto the I-20 heading east. The shooter will miss your brilliant car race performance. He is not driving a motorcycle either, probably a sports car or a pick up truck. The shooter will have to travel down three miles before turning around and getting back onto I-20. Tate, you and Hawk go and get off at exit 259 on I-65. You get right back onto the I-65 driving south then veer onto I-20 heading east at the exchange. Cody will fly passed you so just wait for the shooter to catch up. When he stalls a couple of yards behind your car you and Hawk exit into downtown Birmingham then drive along the one-way streets losing or annoying the bastard. I don’t care. Cody should have enough time sailing down I-20 away from the shooter and towards Amber’s house then Cody goes to the grocery store down the street from her house. I stashed a silver sports car for you and Amber,” slides the car keys, smiling. “Cody will drive to Hawk’s farm and hide Amber inside the cottage, our new secret hideaway. The sports car’s GPS has been programmed just start driving towards the cottage. No one knows the correct geographical directions but Hawk and the GPS. We’ll follow Hawk there later tonight after we take the shooter and his friends for a joy ride around confusing downtown Birmingham,” fist-bumps with his co-workers, chuckling.
Tate views the new text on his mobile telephone. “The caravan is here.”
Mink appears inside the archway holding the bag. “She’s packed.”
Rob stands. “Mink’s with me. Cody, go and get Amber. Ya’ll crouch and run into the middle car just like a freaking Hollywood movie,” eye rolls. “Me and Mink in the first car with our guns drawn for the dog and pony show...”
“The shooter will kill Amber,” Mink frowns with worry.
Rob laughs and walks towards the living room. “The shooter plans his attack on the road, a convenience car accident, not remembering his youthful days of illegal car racing. We got us a teen-ass racer that likes speed and more speed. Right, Cody?”
Cody stands then smiles and swirls around in circles with his arms in the air. “Speed and more speed…”
Rob slaps his collar bone. “Enough, Cody! Don’t get seasick before your grand automobile performance,” sniggers.

8:08 pm. evening. night time. cottage of Hawkins Farms. Morrison. Alabama. north. ten miles from Birmingham.
Amber stares into the window sobbing with tears. “I hear the assassin. Go and protect me, Cody.”
“Naw..,” closes his eyelids wiggling his ass into a comfortable pose onto the lumpy sofa.
Amber folds into the wall corner inside the loveseat with the blanket covering her body. She stares in the darkness. “I hear the assassin. Go and protect me, Cody.”
“Naw.”
“I hear the assassin. Go and protect me, Cody.”
“Fine.” Cody stands then walks to the door. He leans into the metal door, listening. “Crickets sing with the rear of their hairy legs…”
“I hear the assassin. He’s outside. I hear his footballs of his boots. Go and protect me, Cody. Where’s Hawk? Where’s Rob? Where’s your weapon?”
Cody leans into the metal door, listening. “Bull frogs croak a love song to their ladies plus the crickets sing with the rear of their hairy legs…”
“I hear the assassin. Go and protect me, Cody.”
“Fuck! Ya know if the assassin comes inside here I can’t protect your a…”
“I hear the assassin. Go and protect me, Cody.”
Cody opens the door leaving it slam on his ass parking on the front porch, closing his eyelids. He hears the sounds of the wildlife from the surrounding woodland and field crickets, bull frogs, birds, squirrels, owls, cats, dogs, and coyotes. He nods back stepping into the large single room of the cottage facing her. She sits on a loveseat with blue jay birds flying over the tan fabric of the living room furniture. He exhales. “Coyotes kills does, female deer girls. A deer squeaks like a baby piglet when viciously eaten. Snakes eat mice in silence, but cows moo. Horses neigh. Dogs bark. Cats meow. Birds chirp and…eiei...go to bed, Miss Ashmore.”
She sneers viewing the darkness. “You’re a bastard, Deputy Cody.”
He exhales then smiles. “Learned that solo concept in first grade at Ironside Elementary along with the sounds of the farm animals…eiei…ho, ho, ho and I win again.” Cody stomps to the lumpy soft, flings onto the clean fabric, closing his eyelids.
“Cody, I see a set of headlights from a car coming towards the window.”
“Shit!” He stands drawing his gun. “Get up and go hide back into the far bedroom. I’m slipping out the rear door, sneak up on the guy. Go hide. Don’t worry. You’re safe and secure here,” he hears her stomp down the hallway then slam the door. He narrows his eyelids at the car lights. The car lights disappear from his eye view. He sweats and swears, spins then stomps down the semi-dark hallway cutting his eyeballs side to side advancing to the rear door.
He passes a clean kitchen on the right, a den on the right, a bathroom on the right then a closed door, stopping. He almost touches the door knob recalling another bedroom on the right, since the tiny cottage possesses one bedroom, one bathroom, and one bitch. He exhales then stomps to the rear door rattling the knob. Locked.
The door leads out into the back yard. They arrived at dusk, not getting a good eye search of the surrounding crop and pasture fields but Hawk had stressed the farm cottage was safe and the new hideout.
“Shit…,” Cody circles the hallway seeing no more door knobs, door archways or rear back door exits. He arrives back into the rectangular living room painted in beige. He stops and scratches his facial scruff then studies an empty hallway. “Double shit. The hallway is a rounded square like a maze to nowhere,” spins towards the front door, the only entrance and exit point of the cottage. “Triple crap. The frontal attack it is, boy.”
Cody double-checks the magazine then grabs the door knob. He eases the door open cautiously scanning the front lawn without any flood lightning. He feels nervous but calmly finds no visual signs of heated white headlights or sounds of moving vehicles. He two-steps from the front door walking along the edge of the front porch standing beside one of two tall column. He scouts miles of dark fields with white cotton bolls, seeing nothing.
Cody drops onto the dirt spinning and staring at the back yard sees shadows of trees, plant bushes and the cottage. He gasps then back steps from the front porch. “A building with four concrete walls, no other side windows.”
The farm cottage is decorated with two columns on each side holding up the tin roof and bricked in red clay. The outside cottage trimming is painted in stark white like a home for a newly married couple. There is a single door and a single window of a d-shaped layout. The living room, the kitchen, the first bedroom, the only bathroom all curve and curl around like the letter D with a single narrow hallway circling the flooring. “Weird-ass,” when he hears a new sound, not related to the native wildlife coming from his right. He drops to the dirt squatting near the porch.
Cody crouches on bent kneecaps crawling low under the tree limbs of pine, oak, and maple just to name a few of the native tree trunks in Alabama, listening to the odd sound.
The direction of the snap sound quickly changes heading west away from the cottage, moving towards the main ranch house of the Hawkins Farms.
Cody closes his eyelids concentrating on the sounds. He smells the pine from the trees then absorbs the musical songs of Mother Nature singing in piccolo, flute, bass, baritone when a very distinct tenor echoes among the trees, his human prey.
He blinks his eyelids adjusting to night time black shadows and puddles of yellow moon light dancing through the tree branches, loses himself in the cool fresh inviting woodland of nature.
Mother Nature is not prejudice or picky and does not accept US dollars for a cunning blackmail job or a vicious revenge plot against her native wildlife animals. Animal survival is based on the combination of the single fittest creature’s brain, brawn, and brass within the clan or the herd or the pack or the flock. The weak are eaten by the strong. The strong procreates Mother Nature’s life cycle with another generation of stronger creatures then the cycle continues as the sun rises then sun sets ending the day.
Unlike humans, God’s creatures, who possess none to one brain, fucked up biological chemicals,  jumbled murderous emotions and that damn Free Will thing, will do the stupidest tasks to God’s other creatures.
Cody exhales scouting the darkness then hears the snaps of twigs. The assassin has changed his foot path moving closer to him as Cody holds his breathe. He scoots through the wet leaves hiding behind a fat tree closing his eyelids then listens.
The snaps move away from him advancing the cottage then the snap sounds move away from the cottage.
Cody crawls onto the front porch then raises his skull to eye level, peeking through the window.
Rob stands in the hallway, fingering and yelling. “Cody? Where’s Cody? Where’s that boy? Find that kid now.”
Tate shakes his skull wrapping an arm around his elderly mama then talks to his elderly daddy and more of his family members in huddle.
Amber stands in the middle of a huddle of Mink, her two adult daughters, her elderly mother plus her biological sister, and her three kids.
Hawk stands with his elderly parents plus his biological brother, and sister-in-law with their kids. Amber wears that stupid crown from the Miss Starlit Pageant on top of her skull looking like an American princess. The deep blue sapphire gem stone twinkles inside her half-moon-shaped crown.
Cody saw the silver rhinestone crown along with the other priceless antiques through the glass pane her cabinet inside the dining room during the murder investigation. Then the next day the silver rhinestone crown was gone from the cabinet when Cody took his turn surveying the house as a deputy-in-training. Now, that crown has reappeared at the cottage on the Hawkins Farms on top of Amber’s skull.
Rob struts around and around the huddle, shouting. “Find Cody, now!”
Cody hears a new set of voices coming around the outside of the cottage, dropping from the window pane, scoots out of sight off the porch. He crawls backwards from the front porch then the lawn into the darkness, hits gravel then metal. The metal tractor sits on the driveway. Cody slaps his body to the gravel then rolls under the high underbelly of the tractor, watching.
A group of dark shadows stand in the grass, whispering to each other then back step from the cottage. They swing around walking into the darkness.
Cody frowns with puzzlement at the shadows then surveys the cottage. He narrows his eyelids searching for the dark shadows then lifts his body from the gravel. Someone hits him with a tire iron, well it felt like a tire iron. Part of the axle from the tractor belly had fell onto his legs knocking bruises and cuts on his face and arms from tons of little tiny rough sharp gravel pebbles.
He grunts and tries to shuffle his legs then frees the left leg. He kicks at the metal axle with his boot heel when the explosion blinds his eyelids then deafens his eardrums.
He falls back onto the sharp pebbles covering his face with bloody arms. Cody pants from the bright light and colorful fire feeling the heat then exhales. He removes his arms trying to stand but can’t with the heavy axle part on his legs. He strains then pants then grunts, hearing the sirens of the emergency vehicles.
He falls onto the sharp pebbles with exhaustion seeing the burning cottage. He exhales the flame is both pretty and deadly killing everyone inside.
No man, woman or child had survived their bodies were only parts of red blood, white bone fragments, and pink organ tissues glued to the four walls of concrete.
He pants then sobs with sadness under the tractor. He tries to roll free of the axle when the tractor underbelly falls over his skull.
Cody passes out into darkness.

Dirt road.
The first tall male stands beside the sports car, hearing the emergency sirens in the far distance. He opens the driver’s door then sneers inside the car at the second male. “Brone, you’re theory sucked on a carton of rotten eggs. The girl died. You finally cooked the goose.”
Brone smiles watching through the binoculars the cottage burn in colored flames though the safety of the bullet proof windows. The explosion has killed them all inside the tiny cottage. The spreading flames will burn the surrounding fields, crops, barns, animals and finally the ranch house. “No. The goose is alive, not cooked.”


Reading order of the Starlit Sequence e-novels:

God Code
Miss Starlit
Missed Starlit
Missing Starlit
Mission: Starlit
