“Daugharty’s characters convince.” Entertainment Weekly
A Righteous Wind
By
Janice Daugharty

For Scott and Sharon Waynick, who whole-heartedly approved of my using them as models for Shelton and Elaine. Though fiction through and through, this novel is based on Scott’s account of his recent religious conversion. To God be the glory!

Acknowledgements: Dr. David Jeremiah, whose book, WHAT IN THE WORLD IS GOING ON?  along with the Holy Bible, inspired and informed this novel. 

Cover Art by Wes Sewell
“We have a righteous wind at our back.” Barak Obama

Published by Smashwords for Janice Daugharty
Copyright 2011 Janice Daugharty

A Righteous Wind
Part One
Chapter 1

Shelton, napping on the couch in the living room, wakes to a wet kiss on his cheek from their Bull Terrier, Dixie. Pink tongue, bulb eyes and pop-up ears.
“Hey, girl, what’s up?” One hand on the dog’s broad head, Shelton sits, cowboy boots planted on the floor like empties. “Huh! How’d it get dark so quick?” 
He stands, stretching, black-haired arms reaching for the ceiling, palming at it—one two, one two. He quit exercising for real after he lost his job and reasons daily, why start now? Mostly, he lies on the couch and rests till he gets sleepy and then he sleeps and then he wakes up and then he sleeps some more till Elaine gets home from work. Oh, and sometimes he watches TV between naps.
All windows are open and the whistling of spring frogs brightens the dark. A mild breeze floats the white curtains like clouds. Otherwise, the boxy room is colorless and close. An unlit vanilla-scented candle on the table at one end of the couch reminds him of something sad but he can’t remember what, only that if he doesn’t get outside quick his sinuses will flare up and he’ll be sneezing for hours.
“Where’s Mama, Dix?” He pats the dog’s head. Dixie whines, trotting away toward the screen door off the kitchen, taking the whine with her. Her bobbed tail wags, wiggling the entire length of her stocky brown body. She looks like a cute fat pig from behind. 
“Okay,” Shelton says. “She’s out with the goats, right?”
Walking toward the door, he slides one hand along the bead-board wall and flips the light switch at the doorway to the kitchen.
“Lights out. Well, guess you have to pay the bill or that’s what happens.”
The dog paws at the ripped screen door, raring and rattling it in its frame. Sounds like the whole back wall is falling apart and Shelton wouldn’t be surprised.
“I’m coming, Dixie.”
He springs wide the door and the dog wambles out and down the plank laid across the joists of the porch floor to the west side of the small frame house. 
“Hey, Lane!” he calls from the kitchen doorway. “Elaine!”
Mosquitoes fog around his head with a winding-up sound; he waves them away.
He can’t see the goat shed and pens because of the tumbled porch roof blocking his view, a couple of yards away from the porch floor frame. After the roof fell, Shelton had decided to leave the floor and call it a deck. Then Elaine pointed out that it didn’t really look like a deck with the six broken posts standing. So, he tried to kick the posts loose and when they wouldn’t budge, he looked for a hand saw but couldn’t find one. And of course there was nothing to do about the posts so he started prizing off the floor boards with a crowbar, giving up the idea of either deck or porch. Then the weather turned cold and he had to go inside to warm up. Then it got hot and he had to stay inside under the air-conditioner. He’s lost track of all the reasons why he never rebuilt the porch to something nor reduced the porch to nothing.
 Regardless, the pile in the yard is a jumble of bent tin sheets and crisscrossed boards for them to have to walk around to get to the goats. Now he can hear them shifting and blowing against the backdrop of darkening woods, and he can smell them, a puckering smell like skunk, accusing him.
Dixie trots back along the plank, whining.
“Not here yet, huh? Well, let me get my cell and we’ll call her.”
For some reason their cell phones seldom work inside and work best when sitting beneath a tower. He spends a lot of time thumbing numbers in that never go through to the long-distance friends he made while traveling as a commercial real estate agent. Mostly, he does this when he’s bored, but sometimes just for a change in his daily routine.
Shelton goes back into the kitchen, a narrow strip of a room, smelling of either mushy onion or butane gas, between the living room and the back porch, or what’s left of it. 
At the southwest corner of the house, Shelton can see that the chute between the woods and the house is empty where Sharon usually parks. He goes still, listening, hearing only the frogs peeping and the goats snuffling and the way-off rumbling of what sounds like a train. A train? Why would he be hearing a train when there are no tracks within fifteen miles of the house? 
The woods to the west, where the sun is hiding, is edged in amber, and he’s surprised at how much brighter it is outside than in. He sits straddled the end of the plank, small silver phone in hand, and pecks out Elaine’s number with his thumbnail. Hum of nothingness, same as inside the empty house with the power off.
“Don’t tell me.” He claps the phone shut and slips it into his short gray t-shirt pocket with “Emory University” on the front. “Phone’s out too,” he says to Dixie, now wandering beneath the rectangles of floor joists.
Small black mosquitoes swarm, light and bite. He smacks one on his bearded cheek and tries waving them away again. Then out of habit he finger-combs his fine black hair into a short stub on back of his head, measuring it; he’s thinking about growing it out long and wearing it in a ponytail, just for the heck of it. His senses feel dull after sleeping; he’s not hungry though he should be. He feels stupefied and soulless and he cannot think what to do with himself until Elaine gets home to jumpstart him. 
A dark toad hops on the raw dirt and Dixie hops after it, bumping her head on a termite-riddled rafter. Shelton laughs and the laugh stretches into a yawn. He stares out the front at the dirt road, looking for headlights on the white sand. His eyes feel grainy and dry and the longer he looks the more he cannot determine whether he’s seeing lights or sand. 
There’s a tang of smoke on the air and above the woods in the west a tail of smoke. Spring and fall, timber farmers in the area are always control-burning their woods, until the EPA comes down on them. Then they pay their fines and stop burning for a while, and then they start all over again.
“Let’s go feed up for Mama, what you say, Dix?”
When he gets through with the goats, if Elaine’s not home, he’ll go looking for her. The tires on her old jeep are way past due for a blow-out.

Chapter 2
Black dark and still the lights aren’t on and Elaine isn’t home and the phone is either not working or has been cut off because the bill wasn’t paid.
Shelton, following the smoky beam of his flashlight, Dixie right beside him, heads for his old pickup behind the house to go look for Elaine. He suspects that she is broke down along the highway from Valdosta, twelve miles from where she works. If she’d had a flat tire she would have changed it and been home by now.
She’s not the kind of woman to wait for a man to do the dirty work. Shelton can be thanked for that, he supposes. But carefree, or care-less, as he usually is, his chest feels tight, his fingers tingle and his face is numb from holding his breath. He tries picturing her laughing and mock blessing-him-out, as she says, but for some reason he can’t quite get the picture to focus. 
It had been easy enough while it was still day-light to be flip about the situation, but with the dark came a swelling up of fear and guilt over his carelessness. He should have checked out the jeep more often; he should have set out looking for Elaine an hour ago. Instead, after feeding the goats, he’d gone back to his plank and sat and drummed his fingers on the wood till dark caught him. 
Mosquitoes and night bugs churn in the beam until he switches the light off. He opens the balking truck door and slides in, turning the key in the ignition to light up the dash. 
Sitting on the edge of the pickup seat, he stares at the dim-lit panel. “About enough gas to get to the highway.”
Dixie prances in the crackling vinyl seat on the other side. Shelton does not recall loading her up and wonders if he’s going crazy. Actually, he’s been acting crazy for a while and maybe a good scare like this will jolt him out of whatever he’s been going through. He just hopes the price isn’t at Elaine’s expense. 
“Calm down, old boy,” he says to himself and Dixie sits, panting and whining.
Backing out of the yard to the dirt road, seeing the headlights flowing over the piled boards crowned with a peak of tin, he feels guilty for not having hauled it off as Elaine had asked. Okay, begged, pleaded.  To make her point, she’d cordoned the area off with yellow DANGER tape, but the goats had long ago done away with the tape.
Elaine has never once accused Shelton of being lazy—never once. She knows it isn’t his fault that he’s been let go from the commercial real estate group he worked with. She knows he’s tried everything to get work—well, maybe not everything. He hasn’t told her about all the jobs he has turned down because he’s worked his butt off at Emory University, in Atlanta, for two degrees—political science and English—and he isn’t about to work as a flunky at some filling station or restaurant. 
Almost halfway to the highway and he can see smoke streaming in the headlights ahead. Spots of light through the trees each side of the road look like many setting suns, or like control burns seen from a distance on a dark night. No, nobody would be control-burning this near the highway, unless the wind had picked up and the fire had grown out of control.
“Well, something’s burning,” he says to himself.
Over the scold of the truck’s engine, Shelton can hear what sounds like sirens, or maybe horns of automobiles. Or maybe both. It’s a spinning out of this world sound, riveting and drawing him into it. He wishes he didn’t have to go into it; he wishes he were back on his couch with Elaine doing dishes and getting ready for work the next morning. She might even snuggle with him on the couch and watch TV. 
Arms hooked on the steering wheel he rolls his shoulders to loosen them up. Whatever is waiting for him, he has too drive right into it—this is the real world, this is what real men do in a crisis. 
Dixie whimpers.
“What’s up, girl?” Shelton figures the dog has been hearing this blaring and blatting for awhile now and that’s why she’s been carrying on.
At the highway, left and right he can see jack-knifed lights glaring and radiating and fires burning close to the ground but nothing moving till he starts north toward Valdosta and sees police cars and EMT wagons and people running to and from trucks and cars—some wrecked, some only parked, others burning.
“Probably a bad wreck, that’s what’s holding her up.” But he has only to glance in the rearview mirror to know he is wrong—north and south are the same: lights, fires, sirens.
If he were a praying man, he would pray now. He feels dark and dry inside. In fact, even with all the light outside from fires and headlights the scene looks dark.
Through the thick smoke, he sees people running and walking along the road shoulders. They look stunned by light, groping, with no place to go. Only walking to be walking and when they wind down they will stop.
Again, he feels panic rising like bile in his throat. It’s all he can do to keep from turning back. And who would blame him if he did? He’s almost out of gas and the smoke is killing his sinuses and Elaine could be home by now, wondering where he’s at. No, he has to look for her first. He has to quit thinking and just act. 
Soon, passing the dark municipal airport on his left, he sees a burning plane, so lit up that he can make out the guttering insides through the little round windows.
“Okay, a plane crash.” But that doesn’t explain the breadth of the wreckage. Terrorists’ attack?
All at once he is onto a buckled section of highway with his headlights bridging a deep hole, about a half mile wide and as long, and he has to back and drive down in the ditch on the right side, skirting a stooped wire fence held up by dog-fennel and honeysuckle vines. When he starts up the ditch to find where the highway levels off, he almost rams a new black car parked with its wheels smartly swerved like a showroom display. 
Dixie dances in the seat, staring out the window, then through the windshield. Her thick body is cocked as if she’s getting set to attack.
“Down, girl.” All he needs is for Elaine’s precious dog to get her neck broke when he hits the brakes.
Farther on, nearer Valdosta, which looks lit up like hell, he has to weave between parked and wrecked cars on the highway. 
The wailing of sirens is continuous, various, piercing as whistles.
Peering through smoke, choking on it, he sees on his left Elaine’s blocky brown jeep parked on the highway, headed in the direction of home. He dives the truck down into the ditch, on the other side of the jeep, bouncing the dog to the floor, a walloping, thrashing and scratching sound that makes Shelton cringe at having inflicted pain. 
Letting the dog go where she will, Shelton swings open the door before the truck stops good and runs through the tall grass to the jeep.
He yanks open the passenger door, shouting, “Elaine! Elaine?”
The roof light flares and the door-open warning does its ding ding ding in rhythm with the sirens. 
Her green canvas bag with a pharmaceutical company’s logo on it is standing in the black vinyl passenger seat, keys still in the ignition. Her black and red cell phone is next to the bag where she always places it when driving home, so that she can call Shelton quickly in case of an emergency. This is an emergency, right?
Shelton flips the phone open and thumbs his own number. A blank. Not even a hum. 
He kneels on the seat to reach over and start the engine to check the gas, but it is already switched on, has been left switched on, and the tank registers empty, the red needle below the E, flat. 

Chapter 3
Shelton steps back to shut the door and the dog sidles past him and hops up on the jeep seat.
“Come on, girl. Let’s go find Mama.”
The dog just sits, certain that at last she is in the right place and Elaine will pop through the other door and drive them home and scratch her belly and give her a treat.
“Let’s go, Dix. We’re running out of gas.” Shelton has to yank the dog’s collar to get her out of Elaine’s jeep and directed toward the idling truck in the ditch.
It is cool out but he feels blistered from the heat of burning cars. The sky is muddy, no stars. And the spaces between the burning and the crisscrossing headlights is darker contrasted with the light. He honestly can’t tell whether he’s having a panic attack or whether this feeling of heat and darkness contrasted with light is a normal reaction to all that’s going on around him. Maybe he’s dreaming.
Holding fast to the dog’s collar, Shelton shouts again, “Elaine! Elaine!”
Materializing out of the smoky dark is another car a couple of yards behind the jeep.
Shelton loads the dog up in the truck, switches off the engine and slams the door shut, then runs back up the ditch to the car. “Elaine! Elaine!”
Nobody is inside the car, as far as he can tell, and when he tries opening the doors they are locked.
A few more yards up the road he spots a southbound car burning, almost burned to a hull. Choking on smoke and disoriented by the wailing of sirens, he calls, “Elaine! Elaine! Where are you?”
Nothing makes sense. He decides to go back to the truck and drive south to a convenience store where he sometimes buys gas. Then he’ll go into Valdosta and try to find out what is going on.
The smoke is so thick that on his way to the truck he bumps into the rear of another parked truck, windows down and radio blaring an alert warning. 
He opens the driver’s door and reaches across to turn the radio dial but it’s a straight line of the same alert—be-ip, be-ip.
Frantically, leaving the truck door open, he sets out up the smoky highway to get to his own truck. Even amidst all the wailing of sirens in the distance, and now and then an automobile gas tank exploding, he can hear the dog barking continuously. 
He gets in the truck, shoving the dog away from the open door. “It’s okay, girl. It’s okay.” His voice sounds hoarse and shaky. It’s not okay.
Driving slowly, weaving among the dark and burning cars, some with headlights on but not moving, he makes his way toward the convenience store. His hands are shaking on the steering wheel. The people he’d seen when he first started up the highway are all gone. But where? 
Suddenly, in the rearview mirror, he sees red lights flashing on top of what looks like an EMT wagon. That boxy shape. Flashing, coming on. 
He pulls off to the side of the road and steps out, shouting to the dog, “Stay!” Arms overhead and waving he walks out to the middle of the highway. The screaming wagon slows, then just as Shelton is about to approach the driver, it slews around him.
“Hey, wait! What’s going on?”
He had seen the silhouettes of two men in the front as they drove around him and couldn’t decide whether he was reassured by seeing humans or discouraged, because for all the commotion outside they may as well have been zombies.
He almost misses the turnoff to the convenience store because of the smoke, and too, a raw burned hull of a small car is blocking the entrance. The blistered paint is a smoking primer gray, ready to repaint. Shelton has to drive down a ditch and up to get to the black-top parking lot.
No lights anywhere. The gas pumps are switched off. Not a good sign. He has to have gas to go look for Elaine; he’ll go to the hospital first, if he can get gas. If not, he’ll try to make it home. His mind is a jumble. He pulls up to the front of the store, headlights glaring on the glass front. Again, he takes his cell phone from his shirt pocket and flips it open. Dead. “This is crazy.”
For an instant he feels angry, but then a loud gunshot nearby changes his anger to fear.
“Hey,” he yells. “What’s going on?”
“Go no way,” comes the reply.
It’s John, the Pakistani-American who owns the store. Shelton recognizes the voice. Go no way means “go away.”
“John, hey. It’s me, Shelton Teasdale from over near Lake Park.”
Another shot. Shelton ducks, the dog barks. “John, can you tell me what’s going on? Down, Dix.”
Dixie whimpers and swingles her head, trying to locate an escape place. 
John is always out to gouge somebody so of course he expects them to gouge him.
“I’m trying to get enough gas to go look for my wife, John.”
“No here. Go no way.”
“John, please let me get gas. My truck is about empty. Please.” Shelton tries to see him somewhere in the smoke but can see nothing but gutted shadows from the reflected fires on the glass. He can’t even figure from which direction John’s voice is coming.
 “No gas!”
“Oh, Lord!”
“No Lord.” 
“Quit messing with me, man,” Shelton says low. Then loud. “I’ll pay you double for a couple gallons, John.”
“No gas.”
“I don’t believe you, John.”
“You no believe.”
Dixie places one paw on Shelton’s leg in blue jeans, wanting to play and let bygones be bygones.
He has to get home. He has to pull himself together to get stronger. If the truck runs out of gas, he will run home and try to get to the bottom of this. He has to get home.

Chapter 4
It feels good to be off the highway, away from the thick of lights and racket, though Shelton can still hear behind him, all around, the sounds of car horns and sirens, almost blending, pleading. 
Already he’s feeling better, stronger, just driving in the opposite direction. Elaine will probably be home by now. They will eat a late supper and go to bed and tomorrow being Saturday, she won’t have to go to work. 
The sandy dirt road between close pines and hardwoods is opened up by the headlight beams but smoke twirls like playful fairies in the light. 
“Bet she’s home, Dix,” he says to the dog, whose large square head he can see turned toward the woods, her short legs trotting in place, eager to get out and run ahead of the truck.
Yes. In a disaster like this, Elaine would have gotten out of the jeep and walked home, rather than wait for the mess to clear up. Has to be a terrorists’ attack, like 9-11 when the Twin Towers in New York were destroyed by airplanes and the whole world stopped, it seemed. Or maybe it’s a bomb, the big one everybody’s been waiting on since he can’t remember when. 
He tries the truck radio. The alert signal is still on—be-ip, be-ip. 
What would Elaine do if he was the one missing? She would look for him just as he has been looking for her. But she would pray while she was doing it, and he would too if he could. His prayers simply don’t seem to go anywhere but back at him and he feels like a fool talking to someone not there.
He has often joked with Elaine about her religion but he likes that about her too. It is part of her sweetness, like her clear, fair skin and her wide gray eyes with a flattish bridge like a baby’s. She is a pretty petite girly-girl, soft and flawless, “All girl,” as Shelton tells her.
He is almost to the house, can actually see the white west wall in the smoky headlights—no lights in the windows—when the engine sputters and the truck coasts to a stop.
“Okay, end of the ride, Dix.” He switches off the truck, opens his door and steps out. He can feel the air off the heavy dog as it leaps to the ground behind him. 
Coughing in the smoke, Shelton tips the truck seat forward and feels behind it for his flashlight. Finds it and switches it on. 
Dixie is whining again, hearing the sirens on the highway.
“Might as well get used to it, girl.” Shelton walks, shining the light through the dark and smoke. “They’ll get it cleaned up soon. Elaine! Elaine?” His calling is as reflexive as hiccups.
When there is no answer, no footsteps inside the house, he talks to himself through the dog. “Mama’ll be on. You’ll see.”
He tries not to imagine her in the hospital, maybe hurt, maybe dead. Not the police station either. Not in some mad man’s car driving to who knows where. But she has to be somewhere. She couldn’t have just disappeared.
“Elaine! Elaine!”
He points the flashlight at the fallen section of porch. The dog shoots past him, up the concrete block they use for a step to the plank leading across the floor joists of the porch, which is no longer funny. 
Elaine had taken his laziness in stride, often laughed about it with friends from church and work. And Shelton would laugh with them, cocking his head and grinning. Everybody says he looks like Tim McGraw. Truth is, as long as he could hold the fallen porch up as a joke between him and Elaine, he wouldn’t have to break up the sections and haul it all off. He had dreaded when she quit laughing and started crying because then his downtime would be up.
Inside, Shelton flips the latch on the kitchen door. They’ve never locked doors; living at the end of this peaceful dirt road, with no neighbors, they’d felt no need to. Now, Shelton needs to, though he doesn’t know why. He’s just scared.
Flashlight in hand he goes over to the scorched and dinged white laminate counter by the stove. He can smell coffee from breakfast and wonders what happened to the butane gas or rotting onion—another mystery. In the cupboard over the boxy white stove he takes down a box of kitchen matches and goes into the living room, strikes one and lights the tiny flame of a vanilla-scented candle on the small round table next to the couch. Behind the candle Elaine’s face in the small silver-framed picture looms up. Her face is the size of a moon with monster lips and swollen-shut eyes from being stung by a yellow jacket in the lean-to goat shed. 
He lies on the couch, just as he’d been before the disaster, and stares at the flame and Elaine’s swollen face. So funny! He has to smile, recalling how she’d handled her allergic reaction to the sting by making fun of how she looked. 
The dog comes tipping out of the bedroom where Shelton and Elaine always sleep. She whines. 
“Not tonight, girl. Come lay down by me. Morning-time, we’re going after Mama.”

Chapter 5
Shelton wakes to the tapping of steady rain on the tin roof and wind whipping the white curtains on the living room windows. In the dawn light he rushes from one window to the other, slamming them shut.
He is shocked when he looks at his watch. Nine o’clock—he would have guessed earlier; he is shocked too that he has slept so hard with Elaine likely in danger.
At least he is rested up, no longer shaking. No longer panicky and confused, but ready to get back out there and do what he has to do. 
Flipping a wall switch he finds that the electricity is still off. No need to try his cell phone because even if he has service now it won’t be charged.
In Elaine’s jeep, she has a mobile charger. He will go after the jeep and then go looking for her. But first he has to feed the goats and then persuade John to sell him some gas.
When it rains the goats’ stink reduces to musk and he can hardly bear to smell them. He steps over the slumped wire fence anyway and goes into the lean-to shed and dips a quart coffee can into the drum of goat feed. It smells mealy and bland. Black and white bony faces nudge and butt at his camouflage rain jacket while he trips around them to pour the feed into a trough made from an old charcoal grill bottom. 
Usually he would pepper them with a few choice curse words, but this morning he’s too anxious about their mistress. Stepping over mud puddles with his cowboy boots, he sets out old pots and pans to catch rain water for them in case the power doesn’t come on right away. Rain pitters on the metal bottoms then pips as the water rises. 
Gray rain falling evenly over the dirt yard, hissing in the chinaberry trees. A good morning to sleep but he’s alarmed awake by fear for Elaine. Doesn’t even feel the urge to go back to his couch and wait.
Shelton sets out up the road with a red plastic gas can. Rain taps on the hood of his jacket and the can.
The sky looks muddy with clouds, darker clouds banking and hiding the sun. The wind whips in gusts and now and then streaks of lightening crack the west wall of sky. He cannot hear the thunder yet which means the storm is still a distance away.
He walks fast, smelling the dampened burn from the automobiles on the highway, staying to the high-ground in the straddle of the road to keep from wading through the water in the ruts on each side.
He has left the dog to keep from having to watch out for her and also to greet Elaine if she should come home before he gets back. That dog is her heart.
Almost to the highway and still he can hear no traffic, maybe because of the wind rushing in the tall pine tops. He walks faster as the rain comes faster, pricking his face and pecking on the hood of his jacket. Light smoke now swirls in the gusts of rain-driven wind.
He slows walking. What if he gets to the highway and all the vehicles from last night have been hauled away? What if they haven’t? Why does he always feel the need to see what’s up ahead before he gets there?  Maybe in this case, to prepare him for the shock of last night.
When he does reach the highway, in fact, it’s just as it was last night except that most of the rashly burning cars are smoldering, slow fires, slow smoke, a kind of calm as if it is over, whatever it was.
Walking north toward Valdosta, he begins stopping and peeking inside parked cars, the ones still intact, spying nothing but purses and jackets and baby seats still latched. So strange. In one car, a pewter Chrysler, a child’s plump teddy-bear is sitting up in the back seat, with a fluffy pink jacket next to it. A mini-school bus, with its yellow paint scorched, is parked between two hot smoking cars. Inside, text books, composition books and book bags look dropped by students in a hurry to get out. 
Listening to the rain pecking on the hollow roof, he thinks there is something about an abandoned school bus that must cut to the heart of every human. It’s like a baby’s cry. Like nails scratching on a chalkboard. Like lonesome wind. It’s like loving somebody who is lost.
The rain picks up with the wind and Shelton walks on, not peeping inside automobiles now but pulling his jacket together in front because the zipper is broken, like everything else in his world. Not a single moving automobile, behind or ahead, that he can see.
John’s convenience store with its red, green and yellow chevrons on the cement-block walls is still dark and empty-looking, but on the front panel of glass is a radiating hole—maybe from a rock or a bullet.
Shelton dreads facing him. One more glance up the highway, trying to see through the screen of rain whether Elaine’s jeep is still there, and then he lopes down and up a streaming ditch and onto the rain-pattered blacktop of John’s parking lot.
If only John weren’t so paranoid and could speak better English. If only he didn’t have a gun—few people do since a couple of years before when the law came out revoking guns and invoking warnings against selling, trading or swapping firearms. Ammunition had become so expensive anyway that few could afford to buy it even if they kept their guns. 
Shelton should have hidden his shotgun and rifle because all he’d used them for was to shoot deer, birds and skeet. And he had a constitutional right to bear arms, as he told Elaine. But she had convinced him to do the legal thing and turn them in.
Now Shelton can hear booms of thunder, lightening so close he feels the sizzle and smells the ozone. He ducks under the broad eave of the south wall and sidles along till he gets to a small window, peering in with his free hand shielding his eyes.
Water gushes from the eaves and sheets across the black-top to the weedy fields each side and behind the store. 
A storage room door at the other end of the room is either opening or closing. It’s so dark that he has to wait for flashes of lightening to make out the inside of the store. Then a brilliant blaze of lightening like a prolonged camera flash lights up the shelves of canned foods and hanging bags of chips and John standing stiff, gazing back at Shelton.  
He is a broad, dark man with drawn-together black eyes, generally standing with his big belly strutted and bouncing on his heels. Black shoes, black pants, white shirt. Shelton’s never seen him dressed in anything else. 
“John, John! It’s me, Shelton Teasdale from down the road.” Shelton knocks on the glass, talking to the dark. “I need to talk to you. Just talk.”
Ready to duck beneath the window if the next flash of lightening shows John with a gun drawn on him, Shelton keeps knocking on the glass.
Suddenly something sharp punches him in the back and he wheels to see John with his shotgun. His thick nose and dark hooded eyes are the centerpiece of his grim face. He means business. He nods toward the back of the building and Shelton walks ahead of him, again feeling the gun barrel in the center-point of his spine.
Rain gutters into a shallow sandy pool next to an open metal door, which, when closed, would appear almost invisible in the solid dingy wall. 
Shelton is still holding to the handle of the red gas can but his arms are raised to show he is harmless and willing to play by John’s rules.
Across the fields running to woods, behind the store, rain drives at a slant like splintered glass.
John points the gun toward the open door and Shelton walks through to a damp, dark room. Either a freezer locker or a vault, he can’t tell. In the watery light of the open door, he can see John just standing, maybe trying to spot Shelton in the corner where he has ended up. 
John picks up a flashlight left standing on the floor next to the door. He slams the door, shutting out the light and the sluicing rain. 
“John, man, what’s going on?” Shelton asks in a pleading gentle voice. “What happened last night, do you know?”
“No know.”
The flashlight is blinding Shelton. He thinks John is saying no no, but then figures he means he doesn’t know.
“Was it a bomb? Terrorists’ attack?”
“I no know.”
The room smells of mold and dust and sounds hollow, voices bouncing off the walls. 
Shelton starts to set down the gas can but the light jerks and John is holding the gun by his right side and pointed out like a wild-west gunslinger.
“Man, they catch you with that gun they’re gonna slam you in the pen.” Shelton knows he doesn’t understand but maybe his chummy tone will change something. 
“Gas a gallon twenty-five Euros.”
“Twenty-five Euros! I said double, man, that’s triple.”
“Twenty-five Euros.” John shines his light on the wet red gas can. 
Thunder quakes the whole building.
Shelton can see John’s black eyes like a rat’s. But he feels strangely focused, not as afraid as he probably should be.
John switches the light beam to another door, leading further inside the building.
Uncomfortable about moving, Shelton eases toward the door and fumbles it open. The main part of the store is only a shade lighter but outside is white with rain, sheets of rain.
When Shelton gets to the middle aisle of the store, John points him in the direction of the room at the far end and the door that Shelton had earlier seen either opening or closing. On each side are shelves of canned foods, stale chips and crackers that John loads up on from some black-marketer. Almost everything he sells has been shop-lifted by gangs, then “cleaned-up,” meaning re-labeled, re-dated and re-priced and sold to Indian, Arab or Hispanic shop owners. 
The room at the far end of the store reeks of gasoline from the crowded, oil-caked fifty-five gallon drums; makes Shelton’s head feel light as a balloon. But he’s okay; he’s feeling okay.
“Man, how’d you come by all this gas and it being rationed?”
“No know.”
While John holds the light on him, Shelton switches on the battery-operated tank and pokes the nozzle into the opening of his gas can, hearing the swishing of gas and smelling the fumes rising up like ether.
John motions enough by slicing his free hand through the air. 
“But...” Shelton knows it’s not full, not a gallon, but he is desperate to get out and go after Elaine, to get to Valdosta and find out what’s happened. Going back home is not even an option.
At the cluttered counter up front of the store, John in his white button-up shirt steps around, head bowed and eyes walled in their sockets. He leans the shotgun, barrel up, in a corner between the west wall and the counter. Along the dark wall behind John is shelving with nests of loose papers and old bound books like the kind everybody used to read before computers took their place. 
Shelton wishes he had a can of Copenhagen—an old habit—when he sees the small round cans stacked next to the blue and white scanner gizmo on the counter. It is flat with a small screen, a Game-boy type of device, which reminds Shelton of the scanner his post mistress used to use to take a picture of his signature on certified letters from the IRS. The good old days, his Copenhagen daze. But he wouldn’t dip John’s Copenhagen if he gave him the whole column of cans. 
Still holding the gas can with his left hand, Shelton places his right hand flat on the counter and John passes the broadband Radio Frequency ID scanner over it, blue white flash and fizzing sound. 

Chapter 6
Lugging the can of gas down by his side, he makes his way through the wrecked and burned bodies of cars and trucks and those not even scratched by the catastrophe. All is quiet except for the rain tapping on the hood of his vinyl camo jacket and the red gas can. The smoke and acid tang of burned metal and upholstery takes his breath. His eyes tear and sting as he stares ahead, searching for the brown jeep. He can’t decide whether he hopes it is still there or hopes it is not there.
He starts to call out Elaine’s name but is afraid to, though not sure why. John is the only human he’s seen since the disaster, except for those rushing along the road shoulders last night and the two people in the EMT wagon, who do not count because he never spoke to them and they were so quickly gone.
Shaking with fear and cold by the time he reaches the jeep, he removes the cap from the tank on the left side and then pours the gas into it, the gurgling mixing with the patter of rain, water sliding down the jeep’s sides.
Thunder rumbles in the west.
He stares all around, searching for movement among the burned and parked cars. Why didn’t all of them catch fire if there was some kind of explosion?
He has to find Elaine and he has to know what happened.
Done with the gas, he unlatches the back of the jeep and sets the can inside with the loose spare bicycle-sized tire. Elaine’s pink laptop, next to the spare, catches his eye. He looks up at the rearview mirror, reflecting the top part of the driver’s seat, as if to see her beautiful face in it, smiling back at him—“Gotcha good this time!” He can almost hear her saying that. Then later to her friends, “And we laughed.”
She would tell it again and again, but Shelton doesn’t know what she would tell because he doesn’t know what has happened. Immediately he recognizes in himself that tendency to want to know in advance, just as he wants to see up a road before he gets there. 
For all of his exposing of flaws and weaknesses, he feels desperate and lost and then a bolt of lightening sends stings of terror throughout his body. Dashing for the driver’s side of the jeep, he is struck by the thought that the battery is probably dead, remembering last night when he found the key in the ignition and the jeep left switched on.
Regardless he gets in and shuts the door, his jacket draining water to the seat and the floor. He dreads trying the key—had he switched it off last night? Yes, he had, he learns, as he slowly turns the key right, hoping that the battery has yet some fire. 
The click and then the chugging of the engine. Don’t burn up the starter—he turns it off. Waits, tries again. Only a dying chu sound. Switch off and wait.
The only gas he has is in the jeep tank now and if the battery is dead he’s doomed. Will John let him have more gas? Can he afford it? Was Elaine’s pay for the week called in to the bank? What day is this? Saturday. Yesterday was Friday, payday. The woman in charge of payroll had to have called it in because they had only about fifteen Euros in the account before, and John wouldn’t have let him have the gas if there hadn’t been enough, according to the microchip’s information in his right hand, to cover it.
Maybe he could swap John something for the gas.
An angry burst of rain is followed by close lightening and thunder.
Another bright object glides into his field of vision; out of the corner of his left eye he recognizes the wet shiny blue of a highway patrol car.
He rolls the jeep window down and is staring through the open window of the patrol car at a black revolver leveled on him.
Shelton smiles. “Hey, officer! Boy am I glad to see you!”
“I bet.” The patrolman in his harness of straps and holster isn’t smiling. He has a tight, round face and slicked brown hair. He doesn’t even blink. “You better step on out to the rear of that vehicle, buddy.”
Two-way radio static crackles from inside the car.
Shelton eases open the door and steps out, sidling along the jeep to the rear. He can hear the door of the patrol car opening on the driver’s side and see the officer’s capped head as he steps out. He leans back inside to hang up the radio mike he was talking into.
Shelton is still smiling, so relieved that he is about to find out what happened and to get help.
The patrolman with short stocky legs in deeply creased blue pants with a dark stripe down the side strolls around the back of his car, rear red lights shining on his wet black shoes. The gun is thankfully back in its holster but still looks menacing. 
“Turn around and place your hands on the roof.”
Shelton turns, placing both hands on the wet pebbled canvas. “Sir, I’m glad to see you. I’m Shelton Teasdale from down the road apiece and I’m looking for my wife. This is our jeep, mine and hers.”
“Don’t move.” The patrolman steps quick and scans Shelton’s right hand with an RDIF similar to John’s. Bluish white light and fizz. “Stay where you are while I run these codes.”
“Yes sir.” Lightening flashes in the cloud-darkened sky, followed by ripping thunder. Large raindrops pelt Shelton’s face. 
He feels the urge to run overwhelming his urge to know what happened, but not over his urge to find Elaine.
In a few minutes, the patrol strolls back, slow as if it’s not even raining.
Bowing his head, almost crying now, Shelton says, “Just tell me what happened. Terrorists, a bomb?”
“Okay, spread your legs and put your hands behind your back.”
He kicks the inside of Shelton’s left calf and when he does Shelton doubles back and hooks his leg around the man’s and he goes down, rolling, dropping the cuffs and trying to twitch his pistol from his holster.
Shelton runs for the burned car on the shoulder across the road and then duck-walks around the front and runs for the woods, heading east into the wet branches slapping at him. He hears a shot and the patrolman calling for help on his radio, but he doesn’t look back.
Can he head south toward home or will they know where he lives if he couldn’t even verify that Shelton owns the jeep? How much information is really stored in the microchip he had implanted a year ago? The government should know where he lives and what he owns. But in light of the disorder from the disaster or whatever, maybe the whole World Government system is out of sync too.

Chapter 7
The last drops of rain are ticking on the leaves of the woods by early evening when Shelton arrives home. A terrible morning-like light in the clearing sky, a starting over and unbelievable newness, given the circumstances.
From the edge of the green-scented woods, across from the shabby frame house he and Elaine had called home-sweet-home with a chuckle, he watches for any motion, ducking out but still under cover of bushes, up and down the dirt road. His old pickup sits in mud, mud-spattered but blazing in sunshine. No other automobiles or even tracks of automobiles since the rain stopped. No trenches from bogged tires. He is wet and hungry and thirsty, which seems most important, even after all he’s been through since about this same time last evening.
Is it over? It seems so with the sun shining and the only sounds coming from the house—the dog trying to scratch through the back door, whining—and the goats blatting and shuffling behind the house. He can smell them from here and their wet stink is homey, welcoming.
He has almost convinced himself that Elaine is inside the house, even knowing if she were she would have let the dog out and be outside looking for Shelton or messing with the goats. What if she’s planning to surprise him? She would do that, that’s what she would do.
But if he steps out now he might be walking into a trap. If he steps out now, the dog might start barking and somebody might hear her. He has to take his chances and keep to his hideout, his watching place till dark. 
Closing his eyes, he tells himself that Elaine isn’t there. Then he tries to wish her up in the jeep. And in the dark he tries to rest and gain strength. Piecing things together is as slippery as a dream. He opens his eyes to the same emptiness of the tilted house with its half coat of white paint. Elaine had started painting it but never had the time or money to finish. 
The dog is clawing wood frantically; how Elaine loved—loves—that dog.
“Where are you, Elaine?” Shelton says low, then leans out from the bushes to look up and down the road.
He is so eager to see if Elaine is inside the house, waiting to surprise him, he starts to run across the road but worries that his tracks will be seen going up to the house. So he follows the road west through the edge of woods till he gets to his truck then crosses over by wading the water streaming through ruts to the south edge of woods leading to the back of his house. 
If Elaine’s not home, tomorrow he will go back to John for more gas to put in the truck and let the jeep stay parked where it is. Maybe by then the electricity will be on and he can charge his cell phone or call friends in Valdosta to find out what has happened. Maybe Elaine had caught a ride back into Valdosta when she couldn’t get through the wreckage between her and home.
That’s it!
Before going into the house, though his heart is leading in that direction, Shelton steps over the fence of the goat pen and ducks under the lean-to shelter to throw some hay out for them. They are standing in mud, hock-high, and their bellies are so round and tight that even the two billies look pregnant. 
Shelton rests against a post without purpose, not attached to the fence, wondering if Elaine had started to run the fence from this point. He feels sad and guilty for not helping her more. Then, looking out over the woods, in the direction of a shrinking cypress swamp, it comes to him that something else he’d taken for granted is missing: the peeping of tree frogs after a spring rain. He’d heard them when he woke up from napping yesterday evening; before the rain but not after the rain.
He braces himself to go inside and not find Elaine. Still, he cannot help hoping. When he lets Dixie out the back door, she shoves past him to the bridge over the porch floor joists. First, she squats on the wet dirt, then heads toward the front to check whether Elaine is home.
In the kitchen, with the late orange sun shining through the window over the sink, Shelton listens for Elaine. He steps through the door to the living room, expecting her to pop up from behind the couch in the middle of the room. He waits, breathing in the vanilla candle burned down to smoky glass. Looking all about the empty room, checking shadows in the light from the windows. 
He knows she’s not home. She would have opened the windows; she would have let the dog out; she would have leaped out from her hiding place. She couldn’t stand the wait anymore than he can. 
He breathes her name, “Elaine.” 
Back in the kitchen, he opens a bottle of water and slugs it down. He dreads looking in the refrigerator because he’ll surely be faced with spoiled leftovers to be cleaned up and thrown out. He’s too tired. Hope and disappointment have drained him. 
A pack of cheese and peanut-butter crackers on the counter catches his eye. He rips them open and places one into his mouth, chewing and swallowing and downing another one.
Okay. He has to rethink his plan or he will wind up on the couch forever. He will wait till the electricity comes back on and charge his phone and call their friends in Valdosta. If the electricity doesn’t come on tonight, tomorrow he will hike into Valdosta through the woods. He can’t drive without risk of being stopped by the law.
He feels happier having a plan, something to hope for that makes sense. 
Sleeping on the couch again, with the dog on the floor by his side, Shelton is woken by the way-off sound of a motor and thinks it’s the refrigerator coming to life, that the electricity is back on. But the quiet and darkness is broken by people hooting and laughing up the road, near where his truck is parked.  He places a hand on the dog’s blunt head to silence her. Her ears twitch but otherwise she is amazingly still. Maybe like him she’s afraid to move.
If Shelton had a gun he would slip out through the woods and surprise them, maybe find out what kind of disaster has taken place. 
Gunshots and more hooting and laughing, then glass breaking. 
“Not the truck.”
They sound like drunks up to no good but to Shelton their laughing and hooting and shooting narrows the scope and range of possibilities concerning whatever has happened. 
More gunshots. The dog’s head pops up with Shelton’s hand still on top. “Shh! It’s okay, Dixie. Tomorrow I’m going after Mama.”
***Shelton gets up at first light, puts on his hiking boots, feeds and waters the dog and goes out, leaving her whining and scratching at the skinned shut door.
It is a warm May morning and the air is loaded with scents of blooming trees and wild grapevines. And of course, skunky goat.
He steps over the rigged and sagging fence into the goat pen where they have settled into one corner, the nannie and her babies hidden in the midst of the billys. They shift and spring forward following him into the shed. 
Again, he thinks it is good to have a plan, and when he gets back home he’ll be bringing with him some answers, if not Elaine.
First, he hikes down to the truck to check for damage from last night’s partying crew, thinking about his fear when he heard them. This was the first time since moving here that he’d felt fear, and in fact the first time he’d known of vandals in the area.
The back glass of the truck is shattered but not broken all the way through, but other than that nothing appears to be damaged. But when he opens the door he sees an empty space where the radio had been. Why the radio? It was an old seventy-model static-bearer that half the time didn’t work. “Welcome to it, fellows,” he says.
The key is in the ignition and just for the heck of it he switches it to On—a click, then silence.
He hadn’t intended to drive it anyway, even if he had gas and the battery had power. Though he has no idea why the highway patrol had tried to take him in, he feels like a criminal.
Just as he had planned he will hike out through the woods, north toward Valdosta, and stop at houses along the way to ask for information. Somebody, somewhere would have to know something. But his real destination is the home of Dan and Kim Meeks, his and Elaine’s best friends, in Valdosta. He isn’t crazy about Kim but her husband is so-so. They were okay before they had a baby. Now, the baby is all they talk about. Still, if Elaine had hiked back to Valdosta when the disaster happened, she would have gone to their house.

Chapter 8
The smoky woods are still wet from yesterday’s rain, and the mosquitoes seem to have been reconstituted from dry form. Even with the smoke-dulled sun at ten o’clock, shining through the wet sparkle bushes and wax-berry myrtles and pines with drops of water clinging to the tips of their needles, they flock to Shelton’s face and hands like birds after bread crumbs.
From the west, for the past few minutes, he has been hearing a flat drumming sound, moving closer. Gazing up through the smoke he sees a covey of helicopters—1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. He quits counting and irons his back to a tree trunk to keep them from spotting him.
Next there are jets, streaking higher in the sky, from all directions. Shelton is scared but glad, because it is as if the everyday-normal has cranked up again. Yes, he will find Elaine at Kim and Dan’s, probably playing with their little boy.
Do you ever think about reconsidering our decision to not have children?
No.
Never?
Never. We have Dixie, she’s our baby.
Late evenings, sometimes, when the wind was coming out of the north, he and Elaine could hear the children out playing in the government minority subdivision he is headed for now. Laughter—happy sounds. But only at a distance; too much disorder and bother, having children.
Elaine’s reason for not having children was more unselfish. After reading about a young mother getting drunk and putting her baby in a microwave oven, she said it would be selfish to bring children into such an evil world. 
Shelton wonders if the children from the subdivision are back in school after the disaster—his guess now is terrorists’ attack. But why would Islamic radicals strike this little nothing of a place in South Georgia? Maybe because of Moody Air Force Base—a major rescue training post—north of Valdosta. Makes sense to him. 
He had happened up on this community of poor black families while out squirrel hunting a couple of years ago. Now he can make out one of the houses through the trees, a flash of white wall and a turquoise door—odd color for a door. About twenty houses in all, small frame, all white look-alikes, with messy yards sectioned off by neat blacktop convenient for playing basketball.
Those evenings when he and Elaine would hear the children laughing and playing they would also hear the phap phap phap of the balls being dribbled on asphalt.
Homemade wooden backboards with red hoops and no nets have been nailed high-up on power poles with lines loosely strung to the houses, all-electric and used to be fine in a new mobile-home sort of way. Free housing for poor people for whom the smell of carpeting and sheet-paneling glue and new paint are a luxury till the carpet and the paneling start to separate and peel and pop up and the paint grows grimy and faded and there’s no free money for fixing-up. 
Everywhere is litter and downtrodden dogs, fleas and broken glass hatching from dead grass. And usually there is radio music to enjoy it all by, or if not enjoy to bear up under the sight of their mansions going to squat. Always, before, people were sitting out in their folding K-Mart lawn chairs, cracking jokes and folding over laughing, eating, drinking, loving. Making more babies.
Now, all is quiet. 
A few cars and trucks are parked in the driveways, but no one is outside. No children. And then it dawns on Shelton that this is Sunday and they wouldn’t be in school anyway. Then he isn’t sure what day it is, only that it doesn’t matter.
Still heading north toward Valdosta, Shelton slowly walks through the yards, catching his reflection in one of the front picture windows. Farther down, crossing another yard, he thinks he spies somebody behind a front window. He starts to go on, but stops, calling out, “Hello! Anybody home?”
He listens, staring at the window, at a rose-print curtain moving, ghostlike. “I’m Shelton Teasdale, from just south of here,” he shouts. “Looking for my wife. Trying to find out what happened over there on Friday evening.” He points west toward the highway beyond the woods.
He hears muffled footsteps inside.
“I just need some information, that’s all,” he shouts.
Then next door he hears something metal drop inside that house.
Okay, so people are home here but hiding out. Why?
A woman shouts out in a thick, strained voice from the house in the yard where he is standing. “I got a gun in here, mister. Ain’t ascared to use it.”
Shelton doubts she has a gun; he doesn’t know though. “Why don’t you come to the door and talk to me? I’ll stay right here. No gun either.”
“Now go on,” she says from behind the turquoise door. “We don’t want no more trouble.”
“Me either, I understand that.” 
From the house where something had dropped comes the gruff voice of a man. “Ain’t nobody coming out and ain’t going no where till we get back our lost peoples.”
“What happened to your people?” Shelton moves toward the next yard where the man seems to be speaking near a window with a patching of cardboard on the side facing the house with the rose curtains. 
“You tell us.”
Shelton speaks lower. “I don’t know.” He’s sure they are listening, that they can hear him. He can feel others watching through the windows of the houses behind him. It’s good to be talking to someone just as troubled as he is. “Last Friday my wife didn’t come home from work. I went looking for her and South 41 was clogged with wrecked cars. All kinds of stuff. My wife’s jeep was just stopped in the right lane. No sign of her.”
The man shouts, “What you think went with her?”
“I don’t know. I’m going to Valdosta to try to find her. May be at a friend’s house. I figure she couldn’t get around all the wrecked cars, you know, so she hitched a ride going back into Valdosta. What I’m hoping anyway.”
The man, a husky dark-skinned fellow of about forty in a white t-shirt, khaki shorts and no shoes, appears around the back corner of the house, waving away mosquitoes.
“You try to call her on the phone, I reckon?”
“Yes sir.” Shelton pulls his cell out of his jeans pocket. “Won’t work.”
“Yo’ lectricity off?”
“Yes sir.”
The man walks closer, stops on the edge of the driveway between houses. “A bumb musta gone off.”
“Yeah. A bomb or maybe a terrorists’ attack.”
“What they wanta mess with us for?”
“Moody Air Force Base is my guess.”
The man bores in one ear with a finger—baby ears on a giant—and shakes his head. 
“What about these cars? Do they work?”
“They work but we too scared to go anywhere.” 
“How many of your people are missing?” Shelton asks.
The beating of a military helicopter out of the west bears down on them, hovering. They pause speaking till it rotors away north, taking its clatter with it, and they can hear each other again. The sun through the smoke looks like the moon.
“Twenty-five, thirty. All the little chirren gone.”
The woman behind the window suddenly cries out in a shrill, desperate voice. “I know what went with them. Ask me. I tell you what happen. The Rapture, that what!”
“Hey, Sis’ Shirley,” the man in the other yard calls out. “Hesh up in there, will you? We bout sick of yo mouth, the whole bunch of us.”
“You hesh up!” She starts sobbing, choking and coughing. “After all I do for the church.”
“What does that mean—Sis’ Shirley? What’s she talking about?” Shelton asks the man.
“She called Sis’ Shirley cause she a sister in the church, and she all up in the air cause she think the Lord Jesus come and take his people home to heaven and leave her here. Been like this since it happen, moaning night and day. Course, used to, on Sundays, you couldn’t sleep for her preaching and trying to drag us all to church.”
“Who lead the singing?” she shouts, winding up into preaching mode. “Who superintendant of Sunday school, going on fifteen year? Who present the flowers at funerals? Who clean the church?”
“We know,” he shouts back. “We know. You tell us often enough.
 “She’s crazy,” the man says to Shelton, circling over his head with a stumpy pointer finger. “Soon as she find out Sis’ Ida over there”—he points to the house across the way facing Sis’ Shirley’s house—“be missing she start carrying on.”
Sis’ Shirley calls out from behind the window. “What she ever do but eat and sing in the choir? How come her to get raptured and not me?”
Shelton feels his body folding in on itself, his breath sucked away. Raptured? What if...? He hadn’t been listening in church when he went with Elaine, but he seems to recall something...something like this called the Rapture. Nah, that was a Baptist thing, a trick to keep the masses in line. What you call it in Sociology? An opiate for the masses. 
The trick is to make all born-again Baptists believe that a place called Heaven is within reach for those who walk the straight and narrow. Which would include Shelton, because he’s always gone to church; he’s never killed or stole or even used God’s name in vain, more than occasionally. He’s been good. Besides, his mother and daddy told him that when he was about five years old he made a confession of faith and was baptized. No. They said he’d had some kind of “changing experience.” 
Well, how much could one change at five? Had he done dope? Had he beat his brother and set fire to the house? He remembers having wet the bed and tipping over his mother’s cart at the grocery store and everybody helping her gather up her cans and boxes while she cried. 
The Rapture—superstitious nonsense. And this old crazy church-lady they call Sis’ Shirley is proof.
***Before Shelton reaches the Valdosta City limits, he expects that the wreckage will include the city, since Moody Air Force Base is located ten miles north of there and the damage has extended so far south of Valdosta. He’d like to know how much farther north and south.
Whatever has happened, the government and the Red Cross surely will be at work, restoring order, recovering the lost and returning them to their families.
Tired as he is, and hot, he’s so glad he came, so happy to finally be close to finding Elaine. She has to be at Kim and Dan’s. He won’t even think about what if she’s not there.
Burned and parked and wrecked cars are everywhere, not only on the two main one-way streets through Valdosta, but on every side street he passes.
It is about three o’clock and the sun still looks like the moon through the smoke, and Shelton has to dodge building to building, and around the wreckage, hoping to avoid the police, who so far he hasn’t spotted. He still has another couple of miles, several blocks, before he will make it to Kim and Dan’s house, on the northerly side of town.
At one building, an old feed store with a wooden loading dock, down a brick alley, he sees a skinny white man in a sleeveless white t-shirt scuttling along with a sacked bottle of what must be whiskey. A police car cruises past on Ashley Street and the fellow with the bottle ducks behind a green dumpster. Shelton steps around the corner of the feed store and freezes into a bricked-up inset that used to be a window or a door. When the police car has gone, Shelton waits about thirty seconds, then steps out to see it top the overpass to the south. 
Shelton sidles north along the fronts of closed stores and businesses, hearing on the upper floor windows perched pigeons moaning and flying off with squeaky wing-beats. To Shelton, their chalky splats on the sidewalk are proof that life is going on, that whatever has happened is just a brief interlude of horror that will pass.
At the courtyard of the old pillared courthouse Shelton hears the European Union flag snapping in the smoky air atop a dome of copper. From somewhere comes the smell of grilling meat. Or maybe it’s just the smoke and Shelton is growing used to it. Anyway he is starving, needing to eat as much as wanting to eat.
Ducking tree to tree in the neatly mowed courtyard, he canvasses for humans among the wrecked and parked and burned cars. Across the street, a shiny green pickup has barreled through a plate glass window, half in, half out of a lawyer’s office. An upholstered tapestry chair is wedged against the driver’s door. Nobody is out but, same as in the settlement, Shelton can almost feel them behind brick walls and windows.
A black sheriff’s car with silver lettering crawls along the street behind him, east to west. It backs up and takes a right, heading north toward where Shelton is hiding down an alley between two small brick buildings. At the corner, Shelton watches as it passes up Ashley Street.
Somebody slams a door inside the small red brick office on his right. 
He walks on, set to cross the open concrete parking lot of the post office. More cars, as if the workers had come back to the post office like any ordinary day. But then he sees on the concrete ramp of the main building an overturned mail buggy with its load of envelopes and circulars and magazines dumped and spilling down the ramp, paper bloated with rain.
Further on, he catches a glimpse of a stout middle-aged woman in white furry bedroom slippers hurrying across the back yard of a two-story yellow colonial house. Then he loses her.
He’s growing panicky again because he’d been so sure that when he got to Valdosta he would find plenty of people to ask about what has happened. And too he’s beginning to doubt that Elaine will be at Kim and Dan’s house. He has to keep going and he has to quit thinking negatively. Recalling his tackling the highway patrol gives him strength. What if he’d just given in and let him haul him off to jail? He wouldn’t have been able to go look for Elaine. He’s on the right track now.
The worst wreckage is at Valdosta State University—cars crisscrossed and jammed like toys over the front lawn of the Spanish-style main building. From across the street, in a park, Shelton stands behind a tree and tries to spot students, any humans, around the campus buildings or among the palms. He sees three girls in blue jeans hugging themselves as if they are cold and racing from one building to another. 
Okay, so everybody is waiting for this mess to be cleared up, for the electricity and phones to come on and for explanations and information—what to do next?
But fear, disguised as heat, rushes through his body, as he realizes it’s not that simple. Why are all buildings standing as before, undamaged, and apparently automobiles alone have been affected? A large bomb would have equally damaged or destroyed everything.
He tries to remember all he knows about magnetic fields, about radio waves and radar weaponry. Could what has happened have something to do with the magnetic field, the space between the sky and the ground, between positive and negative magnets? What about radar?  
Just one block up from the university and Shelton will be in the back yard of Kim and Dan’s house. His feet ache and his right boot has rubbed a blister on his heel, where the focus of his fear seems lodged. For some reason being among the empty playground equipment—the swings and monkey bars and slides—with the smoke pressing down and it Sunday causes him to feel almost unbearably edgy and alone. Not even a bird singing in the smoky trees. To calm himself, he steps down into a dried creek bed and takes from his backpack a bottle of water and a cellophane tube of beef jerky.
Eating and drinking he looks up and around at the dense shrubs and trees, listening to the helicopters and planes overhead that have become as familiar to him as his heartbeats. Without them he would truly be alone and just the thought of the silence is horrifying.  
It is cool in the creek bed, with an earthy damp smell. The smoke is above him and he breathes deeply. He is so tired and sleepy and generally miserable that he has to force himself to stand. But thinking about his Elaine so nearby, maybe, he crawls up the bank, level with the smoke.
Slipping through back yards, bush to bush, tree to tree, he hears people inside the houses talking low and walking softly. A small dog yips and hops up into a window behind beige drapes. “Missy, down!” a woman says. “Down.” The little brown dog yips once more and hops down. “Bad girl! Don’t hop up in that window again, you hear?”
Shelton stops in the small wooded-in back yard of Kim and Dan’s house, an old long white-painted duplex fronting a quiet side street. It looks empty. No sound coming from inside.
Stooping low and running, he heads for the black back door with six window panes on the top half. No lights on inside and he has to shield his eyes with his hands and press his face to one of the glasses.
The baby’s highchair, at the metal-legged square kitchen table, with its tray swung wide, has a blue terry bib draped over the back. He can smell coffee, or thinks he can, as he scans for food and dishes on the counter and sees the glass coffee-maker carafe half full.
His eyes wander on to the open door from the kitchen to the short hall and the outside light shining through. Dan’s Georgia boots are paired by the front door, eerie in their emptiness. He sees a shadow suddenly laid across the dark wood of the hall floor from an open door on the left.
He taps on the windowpane and waits till the shadow steps back, then up again. “Hey,” he calls low. “It’s Shelton.”
“Shelton?” The muffled voice is a young woman’s, maybe Elaine’s.
“Elaine?” he calls.
The shadow glides forward and Kim steps out and stares at the door with her serious gray eyes. She walks slowly into the kitchen and stops about halfway to the door—heavy thighs and hips in faded blue jeans. Always pink-cheeked, her cheeks are pinker, almost hectic red. She seldom smiles, so Shelton cannot tell if she is upset. No give-away to what she believes is going on.
Another few steps and she opens the door and Shelton smells the coffee stronger.
“Is Elaine here?”
She shakes her head no. “What’s happened, Shelton?”
“Something to do with terrorists, I think. Maybe an attack on Moody. Could be a massive radar wave.”
“Where are Dan and Buck then?” 
“They’re not here?”
“Dan picked him up from daycare on Friday. They never made it home. Last time I talked to him, he was on his way.”
 “Where was he when you talked to him? Did he say?”
She shakes her head. Her gray eyes glass over. “I’m afraid to leave the house. Keep thinking any minute they’ll be back.”
Shelton slips an arm around her and holds her close. She feels soft and warm and smells clean. “Hey now.” He chuckles. “They’re just now starting to get everything back in order. Soon Dan and Buck will be home. Elaine will be back.”
Kim steps away. “When did you talk to her last?”
“On Friday, around noon. When she didn’t come home by dark I took the truck and went looking for her.” He decides not to paint the horrifying picture of wrecked and burning automobiles and his almost getting arrested. “I found her jeep switched on and out of gas on the southbound side of the highway.”
“Have you seen anybody to talk to?”
“Some, yeah. But they don’t know any more than we do.” He pulls out a chair from the table and sits. “What about your laptop? Your cell phone?”
She shakes her head and dries her eyes on the puffy sleeves of her white blouse.
“Not charged, huh?”
“Not working.” She shrugs her shoulders.
“What about your car? You have gas?”
“Yes. About a quarter of a tank, but I’ve been afraid to go out. One of the neighbors warned me that the police are arresting people outside of their homes. Looting suspects.”
So that was why he almost got arrested. Next time, it would be for resisting arrest and taking down an officer of the law. “Do you mind if I take off my boots? I’ve been walking since daybreak.”
“You mean you walked all that way from your house?”
“Yes ma’am.” He has his right boot and sock off, checking the blister. His feet smell like the goats. “All the way. And I’ve got to walk all the way back to tend to Elaine’s dog and goats.”
Shelton’s never liked Kim because she takes herself too seriously. Depressing being around her. He expects to see a smile now, but nothing. Her dark hair as always is unfixed, just hair being hair.
“You can stay here if you want to, till... you know. But I guess you need to be home in case Elaine shows up.”
He doesn’t want Kim to know how terrified he is at having not found Elaine in the one place she should have been if she is still alive. He will still call South Georgia Medical Center and the police station when the electricity comes back on and he charges his cell phone, but the fact that her jeep wasn’t wrecked or in any way damaged makes him doubt that she was injured. He could walk to the hospital, only a few blocks north of Kim’s house, but he’s afraid of being picked up by the police and he’s afraid of what another disappointment will do to him, not only emotionally but physically.
He is shaking inside. His head hurts, his feet hurt, his lungs ache from exertion and smoke. If he gets put in jail he could be there for a long time and then he won’t be home if Elaine should come back; and if she doesn’t he won’t be able to search for her. Besides, he has a nagging suspicion that justice for all has been replaced with judgment by a few. It’s something he’s known for awhile but felt unable to do anything about so, as with other lost individual rights and privileges—like his guns, his constitutional right to bear arms—he quit thinking about it till finally he quit caring.
“I tell you what I would like if you don’t mind,” he says to Kim. “I’d like something to eat and drink.”
“Food’s gone bad in the frig. But I can make you a peanut butter and banana sandwich.” Kim has already turned to the counter and a half-loaf of wheat bread.
The white door of the refrigerator is tiled in pictures of little Buck in blue short pants. One is of him dumping a basket of apples over his blond head and another of him wearing the emptied basket like a hat.
Shelton is glad to have Elaine’s searching eyes off his face. He feels like he might cry and keeps swallowing back salty water. He feels genuinely sick. He feels out of place and aimless. He knows the dog and goats will be fine if he waits till tomorrow to go home. And who knows what another night might bring? He could wake in the morning and find the nightmare left behind.
The filmy sun sinking into the smoke beyond the trees of Kim’s back yard signals to Shelton an ending, and not of the nightmare. He’d felt like this the first sunset alone after being let go from his real estate group. The aimlessness of the unemployed and henceforth unemployable. But just about everybody he and Elaine know have lost their jobs: Kim used to teach music at an area high school, before state funding had been withdrawn; Dan had been a loan officer at a local bank before the economy collapsed and the World Banking system was created in Great Britain. Now Dan works waiting tables at a Texas Longhorn Steakhouse, for two Euros an hour, plus tips from those who can afford to both eat out and tip. Elaine is one of the few still working in her chosen field of dental hygiene, but since hardly anybody can afford the luxury of having their teeth cleaned, she’s working fewer and fewer full days.
At her office Christmas party last year, the first for Shelton since he’d been out of work, Elaine’s co-workers and spouses, usually friendly with Shelton, tried to avoid him. He couldn’t open his mouth without saying something sarcastic, even while trying not to. His face had become frozen in a smirk. He flopped on couches and in chairs with his boots up on tables and finally, angry at everybody for ignoring him, he pulled his black western hat down over his eyes. 
And what was Elaine’s reaction to his behavior? 
She walked over to where he was sitting and kicked him under one knee with a pointy-toed stiletto. Then she grabbed his hat from over his eyes and sailed it like a Frisbee across the room.
She had been dressed in shimmery black and fake diamonds that didn’t look fake on her.
Everybody quit talking and laughing except Elaine, standing before him with a half-full glass of champagne. 
“Now get over yourself,” she said with a mocking toast and a hideous laugh that marked the beginning of the end to his self-pity.

Chapter 9
Morning brings no change, not even emotionally. Shelton thinks, as he walks back across town, that time alone—this is the fourth day if he is recalling correctly—should have helped to ease the shock.
The weather is the same, warm and dull without full sun; the dead car jams are the same. Helicopters hover and clatter in the smoky sky. People are still hiding inside their houses and the occasional police or sheriff cars prowl like listless dogs.
Shelton has left Kim asleep in the bed she shared with Dan. He had slept on a narrow cot in the baby’s room, stifling with baby smell. Before leaving, he had written a note to Kim and placed it on the kitchen table, telling her he would call to check on her as soon as he could recharge his cell when the power came on.
Last night he had tried to carry on a conversation with Kim, to entertain and distract himself, as well as pick up on some missed clues to what’s going on. Maybe another neighbor had spoken to her, besides the one who had warned her not to go out. But in her slow, lazy way, she had yawned and said yes and no and I don’t know, until he’d given up and let her leave the kitchen and go to bed. 
Finally, he had dropped down to hell in a dream that was pretty-much what he is living now. 
Just past the post office, he is crossing a strangely empty side street, facing the north side of a many-winged gray stone church with a heavy wooden door set in the middle of the wall, when he spies a white police car taking a left off one of the main streets through town. Shelton sprints for the door, expecting it to be locked. It bumps open to a dimly lit vestibule, silent as a vault. He eases into a shadowy corner, tucking himself into it and out of the light, waiting for the police officer in the white car to burst through the door with his pistol drawn.
Cool and growing more confident with every undisturbed minute, he breathes in the dank air spiced with burned wax and book mold. He hears a vague voice and then somebody coughing from behind another door leading to the west wing.
Elaborate chairs upholstered in wine velvet face each other along both walls with mahogany tables set between pairs of chairs. 
Shelton decides not to wait for the cop but to move on, maybe find another door where he wouldn’t be expected to exit. He steps quietly along the hall, between the tables and chairs and gently turns the knob on the door—just a crack—where the voice is coming from, peeping into what he now sees is the main sanctuary.
Maybe ten, fifteen, mostly older people are scattered about on dark wood pews, staring ahead, listening to a speaker hidden from Shelton’s view by a wall framing off the pulpit. 
 “Come unto me all who are heavy laden and I will give you rest.”
He wonders how people are communicating. Maybe like Kim—word passing from neighbor to neighbor.
He closes the door quietly and walks back toward the door to the street, changing his mind about finding another door for a different exit. He feels like the worst kind of intruder, and too he just wants to get out—outside and back to the reconfigured world of wreckage and smoke where he belongs.
As he steps through the heavy wood door, facing the empty street, he sees a red sign posted on the door, reading Condemned under penalty of law do not enter. 
***On the south end of town, sidling along store fronts and backs and ducking between burned and parked cars, he thinks about the security systems in newer cars. The computerized system, from what he has heard, is like GPS in that it knows where the automobiles it services are at all times. Such systems can unlock a door if the driver locks himself out and leaves the key in the car. It can also seize up the engine of a stolen car, leaving the thief locked in till the police arrive.
Shelton figures that it is possible for the home bases of such systems to have a glitch in their computers and seize up all automobiles it services at once. Now that would explain things, he thinks. Older automobiles without the service would be caught up in the wreckage too. Like Elaine’s jeep.
He walks faster, feeling better now that he has come up with a plausible reason for the jammed traffic. 
He doesn’t pass through the minority housing settlement to get home. Instead he walks through the woods west of there. One thing, he has to get home to the dog and the goats, but also he cannot think of a single encouraging word to say to the people there, and he for sure doesn’t want to stir up another outburst from the woman they call Sis’ Shirley. Besides, the On Call theory, as he has now settled on naming it, would be too hard to explain, and he doesn’t want to be swayed into even considering the Rapture as explanation and blame.
Just hearing that crazy woman ranting had bumped the idea to the bottom of his list. 
But say such a thing could happen, say it had happened. Well, he wouldn’t be here, walking through the woods by himself. He would be with Elaine now, rather than out looking for her. Hadn’t he gone to church regularly with her? But really he doesn’t believe all that bunk about a magic Jesus descending from heaven to carry his people, dead and alive, home with him. 
Shelton never believed in the Rapture because he never believed in God. He’d only pretended to believe. His mother on her deathbed a few years ago refused to die till all her family had gathered around her hospital bed. Nobody understood how she managed to hang on with her esophagus eaten up by cancer. Shelton had been away in Costa Rica at the time, looking at a site for his company to build a condo. 
When he reached the hospital in Atlanta, standing next to the bed where his mother, pale as the bed sheets, lay smiling up at him and trying to speak, Shelton had to lean close to hear what she was saying and still he couldn’t be sure. Then she closed her eyes and her head rolled to one side, that smile on her bloodless lips remaining. 
His father and brother were standing on the other side of the bed. 
“She’s dead, Daddy,” Shelton said, looking up at the age-shortened man, who once owned one of the biggest service stations in Atlanta. He still wore his dependable chrome tire tester like a pen in his white shirt pocket. He was always checking air in everybody’s tires and advising them on how many pounds to put in them to save on gas. 
“No,” he said. “She’s sleeping, Shelton.” His tiny blue eyes locked with the brown eyes, his wife’s eyes, of his younger son’s. “What did she say to you?”
“I couldn’t make it out,” he said.
What she’d said was “What have you got to be so puffed up about, son?”
Shelton had been working then and he had been proud of his job. Maybe puffed up even. He got to travel all over the world, sometimes taking Elaine with him, and he was raking in the dough. He had been to Spain, Africa, Italy, Germany and the list goes on and on. He was proud of his degrees from Emory University, in Atlanta. At eighteen, just out of high school, he had applied to the University of Georgia and been turned down because of low SAT scores.
Shelton had been living at home, the small farm his daddy and mother had bought in Cartersville, north of Atlanta, to get out of the city and test their independence away from so-called civilization. Both had been raised on farms with vegetable gardens and cows and chickens and they wanted to go back to simple living, which turned out not to be so simple after all. Organic sounds good, Shelton had learned, but try growing vegetables with manure from only one milk cow and waiting for rain to fall in wrecked weather. Try plucking horn-worms and bugs from plants in lieu of spraying with chemicals. It’s harder to go back than to go forward, he had found. 
 A week or so after Shelton had been turned down at UGA, he’d come in from milking the cow and sat at the kitchen table and announced to his mother and daddy that he’d decided to apply at Emory. His mother had laughed, really laughed. “How do you think you can get in a private university like Emory if you couldn’t get in at UGA?” His daddy though had offered to pay his application fees, saying, “Well, you sure won’t get into Emory if you don’t apply.” A month passed and there it was in the mail—news that he’d been accepted. Bye bye, farm. 
He thinks now about his mother asking what he had to be so puffed up about and understands that she had meant his lack of humility in a religious sense.
***When he gets to the dirt road and home it is about three in the afternoon and he decides his emotions have changed after all because he doesn’t expect Elaine to be there and he feels a little bit happy just to be back.
He lopes across the road, seeing his old truck with the smoky sun shining through the back and front windshields.
First off, he heads for the plank bridge to the back door to let the dog out. When he opens the door Dixie dog hops out to the ground, not even bothering with the bridge. 
“Sorry, Dix. Couldn’t be helped.”  As he turns around in the kitchen he hears the hum of the refrigerator and the ratcheting roll-over sound of the icemaker.
Quickly he steps into the living room and switches on the TV with the remote on the table before the couch. He is sitting when the screen comes up presenting the big-eared little head of Selah. Shelton turns up the volume till it vibrates the windows. 
Selah is pausing, speaking serenely to a sea of people in New Rome, according to the ticker tape on bottom of the screen. “There’s a reason for everything and there is a reason for this global disaster.”
The audience roars.
Selah holds up both hands for silence, moving his head slowly side to side. “Bad weather everywhere—earthquakes, tornados, avalanches, floods, you name it—has hampered our investigations. But trust me, we will get to the bottom of this.”
More roaring.
Selah ’s voice reaches a crescendo, an almost shout. 
“I would like to admonish you to not spread superstitious, religious or apocryphal rumors as some are doing. They only create confusion, panic and despair.” He pauses again, a slow smile spreading across the bottom half of his face, as is his way when a clever line is about to be delivered. “Keep in mind, we have a righteous wind at our back.”
The sea of people rise and in one voice chants, “Se-lah! Se-lah! Se-lah! Se-lah!”
Shelton, perched on the edge of the couch, wipes a hand down his pale face, as if to wipe away superstitions churning in his head.
 
Chapter 10
While his cell phone charges, Shelton takes a bottle of water and goes out and sits with the dog on the plank across the porch floor framing. He feels numb, has to hold the bottle with both hands to bring it to his lips. Then he feels mellow and satisfied for no reason, except that he now knows the devastation is world-wide, which in no way accounts for his resignation. Yes, resignation.
It’s okay that over half the porch is dismantled and has been for so long he can’t remember, lying sprawled in the yard. It’s okay that he has no way to go and the world is in turmoil. But it’s not okay that Elaine is gone as if she’d never been and won’t be coming back.
He is once again considering the Rapture theory. But sorting the reasons why, he doesn’t feel serious. He’s like a ten year old saying he believes in Santa Claus to ensure that his parents will get that bike he’s been wanting for Christmas.
He had in mind to call his daddy in Atlanta and his brother in Arkansas, when his cell got charged, to see if they are okay. But he’s afraid to now, because if this thing about the Rapture is even a remote possibility, and they’ve been truly born again, saved, as they claimed, they wouldn’t be there. And if his brother’s wife Libby is left behind, like Shelton, as he believes she probably would be, he doesn’t want her to know she’s been right all along about him being heathen.
In fact, now that he has the charged cell phone, he can think of nobody to call who wouldn’t have been raptured to Heaven, if such a thing is possible, or either left behind, who he wants to know that he’d been playing the Christian for the sake of his wife and his mother, daddy and brother. He can’t call Elaine’s family in South Carolina for the same reason. 
It’s a pride thing.
The dog rests her chin on Shelton’s leg, as if enjoying the setting moon-like sun through the smoky woods. The goats are satisfied too, full and back to their routine of wandering till they get empty again.
If it was the Rapture, and Shelton’s not sure he believes that, even as a consideration, over the On Call theory, which he’s grown rather fond of, he thinks there’s something to be said about not having to worry about sinning every time he opens or closes his eyes.
Then why does he feel so dead inside?
He flips open his silvery cell, happy to hear the familiar bomb-targeting sound and see the red dot flare into a vee and the little battery image fill up with green bars. He picks out Dan’s number—it doesn’t say Kim—he’s never called her—and listens to it ring.
“Hello?”
“Kim, hey. It’s Shelton.”
Nothing.
“I thought I’d check in and see if you’re okay and if Dan and Buck made it home yet.”
“No.”
He wonders if she’s saying no about being okay or about Dan and Buck not being home.
“Elaine’s not either. But the electricity is back on. Good, huh?”
Nothing.
“I guess you saw on TV they’re working to figure it all out and fix it.” He doesn’t mention the global disaster thing because he thinks it may not make her feel better, as it has him.
“I saw,” she says.
He can hear the TV in the background, the swell of voices: “Se-lah! Se-lah! Se-lah!
“I’ll call you back later. Bye.” He snaps the phone shut. “Nice talking to you too,” he says to the phone.
While in the considering of the Rapture-theory phase, he doesn’t want to turn on the TV only to hear that maybe the Radio-wave or the On Call theories or the Terrorists-attack theory have panned out. 
So, he stays sitting on the plank even after the sky grows dark and smeared with smoky stars and the dog has gone inside to dream of being left behind by both Elaine and Shelton.
He’d love to be a dog. So simple.
The air is cool and strangely free of mosquitoes, and he can hear the lazy shuffling of the goats and smell them ripening on the smoky air.
He wonders if the vandals from last night will come back and finish off his truck. If they do, if he hears them, he is going after them, or maybe joining up with them because it doesn’t matter, nothing matters. Not even going to bed.
If the cops come after him, he’ll go with them to jail without a tussle. He’s as well off there as at home. At home without Elaine. 
He starts to call Kim again but doesn’t really want to bother dialing the phone.
What does he need a phone for now?
He gets up and opens the screen door and tosses it through the door to the kitchen and it skidders across the cheap beige tiles and the dog on the couch lifts her large brown head and then lets it drop again. 
Okay, if Shelton thinks the phone is useless why didn’t he toss it to the dirt beneath his feet or out to the pile of boards that used to be his porch?
He knows why. For the same reason he is going inside to go to bed: hope.

Chapter 11
It is now believed that over a billion people have mysteriously disappeared, but an accurate accounting is impossible at this time because of the phenomenal, global weather disaster that...
Shelton, on the couch, jabs the air between him and the TV with the remote, switching channels.
A sustainable, dependable peace treaty has been arranged with Israel at last. Jews, always a besieged people, can now live in peace without fear of their Arab-Muslim neighbors. They are under the protection of the World Government, formerly known as the European Union.
In the background is a picture of the World Leader smiling as he signs the treaty. And on bottom of the screen a ticker tape reels off a phone number beginning with the prefix 888 “for psychological counseling centers in your area.” 
No matter how hard Shelton tries, after watching TV news on Tuesday, he cannot rekindle his spirit of resignation. By turns, he feels dull and faint then too alert, like a bright light is shining in his face. By turns, he rejects and accepts the possibility of a hocus-pocus kind of religious phenomena: the Rapture.  
He wonders if Kim has now succumbed to the Rapture theory. If so, how is she taking it? He has no doubt that she too is watching news. What else is there to do?
He longs to call her—anybody—but feels too overwhelmed to deal with her terrors, especially as passive as she is. He would be caught up in watching her serious eyes and clamped mouth and imagining what is going on in that head.
After all, they had both gone to church, the same church, Sunday after Sunday, with Elaine and Dan.
Yes. Kim is the only person, except John at the convenience store, who knows Shelton didn’t make the Rapture, if that’s what it was. And John doesn’t count because he’s probably never heard of it. And Kim doesn’t count because she wouldn’t talk if her toenails were being plucked out. Besides, she missed the Rapture too. If that’s what it was.
But at least she hadn’t pretended to be One of the Chosen as loudly as Shelton had. He remembered how she used to stare down the pew at him while he was singing with the congregation. Loud. 
He feels angry at her now for having witnessed that, and also for her having snapped at him with those eyes when he’d tried to joke around with her. “I detest sarcasm,” she once said. Girl couldn’t take a joke, that was her problem.
But when she calls on Wednesday morning, he cannot temper the pleasure in his voice.
She wants to come see him.
“Is it safe?” he asks, as if they are slipping around, cheating on Elaine and Dan.
She says she’s figured out a back road she can take to keep from driving through town. “Besides,” she added,” from what I’m hearing, they’ve started clearing the streets of the wreckage. There’s a curfew from six pm to six am but it’s okay to go out between those hours.”
Shelton wonders if he’s still at risk of being arrested.
Only after she hangs up does it occur to him that Kim never mentioned Elaine nor Dan and Buck. Does this mean she too believes that “the Rapture” could have occurred? 
***He is so glad to see Kim drive up into Elaine’s usual parking place that, at first, he doesn’t even notice that she is driving Dan’s old green Land Rover with the baby’s blue safety seat still buckled on the passenger side.
He meets her out on the front porch to keep her from seeing the piled lumber of the fallen porch roof and floor boards in the back yard, though she has heard about it often from Elaine. The story, and the updates, never amused Kim, not even a hint of a smile from of those tight lips.
“They towed it home,” she says, looking at the Land Rover with Shelton at the edge of the porch. “No trace of Dan and Little Buck.”
This time Shelton is the one who only nods. He wonders if a tow will be bringing Elaine’s jeep, and if not, why not.
While Kim makes lunch for them—canned tomatoes and rice and fried Spam—Shelton sits at the square table, one side butted up to a wall, and tries to make casual conversation about anything except their missing families, while keeping that edge of sarcasm out of his voice. It’s like performing circumcision on himself.
Kim opens the refrigerator then slams it shut but not before its rotted breath swamps the room. She turns, staring him down, then a slight smile parts her lips. No lipstick, no makeup.
“I was just getting around to that when you called this morning,” he says.
She turns back to the stove with a spatula. “I’ll help after lunch. Give me something to do.” 
Her rounded shoulders are shaking and he knows she is crying. He doesn’t know what to do. With Elaine all it took was a hug and some petting, but Kim strikes him as the kind of woman who would be embarrassed to be found out. A pride thing?
They eat quietly at the small table, facing each other. Though he cannot say whether Kim is a good cook, given such a sorry menu, he eats fast and lots. He’s never eaten Spam—mostly softened gristle, salt and fat—and never thought he would, but he is so hungry. It’s delicious. The mixed canned tomatoes and rice are tangy and filling. Elaine always overcooked rice, but Kim’s is perfect—separated grains, soft but not too soft.
After lunch, they wash and dry the sink full and stove full of dirty dishes, pots and pans, which Shelton was supposed to have done while Elaine was at work on Friday. All dried and put away, they start on the refrigerator, laughing when they can’t identify some of the furry molded food. Shelton hates clichés of any kind and this food-game is one, but he laughs along anyway. He wonders if she’s dumb; he wonders if she’s wondering if he’s dumb. He goes quiet over a plastic container of left-over caked rice and hopes Kim doesn’t recognize what it is and make some comment. Of course, she doesn’t.
While Shelton hauls the spoiled food out to the woods behind the house in a washtub, Kim wipes down the inside of the refrigerator with a wash of baking soda. Shelton had opened all the windows in the house and a cool breeze plays at Elaine’s white curtains. All curtains have to be white, Elaine had insisted.
The dog lies on the mat by the door after Shelton comes back inside. “The buzzards will have a feast out there.”
“I don’t know if even buzzards will eat that,” says Kim, setting a rack in the refrigerator. 
Shelton recalls something from a preacher at church, something about birds, he thinks, from the book of Revelations. Yes, birds feasting on the flesh of millions during an attempted invasion of Israel “from the north,” halfway through something called the seven-year tribulation period. Or maybe the bird banquet came later—War of Armageddon. Or maybe there were two feasts, or maybe none. He cannot trust himself on such matters.
***Even fearing the law passing by and seeing him, or somebody bringing Elaine’s jeep home, Shelton insists that they sit out on the front porch when they get done cleaning the kitchen. He doesn’t want her to see that the fallen porch roof and floor boards are still there.
She sits in the wooden slat swing with her back to Dan’s Land Rover with the baby seat inside. Her ankles are leisurely crossed in child-like white Keds with no socks. She sways in the swing. Her fine brown hair moves about her face—baby skin with peachy cheeks.
The smoke is almost gone except for light drifts in the early mornings and late evenings. Shelton is seated on the top porch step, staring out at the sun streaming down the road—usually, before spring the sun is more southerly, casting over the woods. He looks at the Land Rover, at the sun shining through the tinted windows onto the buckled-up baby seat.
“You can talk to me about it if you want to,” he says low, not looking back at her.
“I don’t.”
“Okay.”
“I just don’t want to be by myself right now.”
“Okay.” She’s so quiet, he thinks, and nice. He wonders how long she will be staying. 
The answer comes at dark when she goes out to the Land Rover, as if she is leaving, but then comes back through the front door with a black canvas backpack. 
He’s glad she is staying. He sleeps on the couch and she in the bedroom. And when the dog rises from the rug next to the couch and tips into Elaine and Shelton’s room, Kim doesn’t chase her out. 

Chapter 12
After a couple of months, hot summertime, it is easier for Shelton to rebuild the porch than to keep trying to distract Kim from commenting on it.
Early on Friday morning, he slips out to the goat shed while Kim is still asleep. He’s used to her now in his and Elaine’s bedroom where she never closes the door at night.
On the next to the top shelf, along the back wall of the brittle wood shed, he finds an old coffee can of new nails and a hammer where Elaine kept her carpenter stuff. She was always nailing up boards to patch the goat pen and the fence with its odds and ends mending looks like a tornado has blown the boards into place.
Going back to the fallen section of the porch, he begins prying boards apart and stacking them according to size.
At around eight o’clock Kim comes out with two mugs of coffee.
He sets the hammer down next to the can of nails and goes over to where she is sitting on the plank bridge, sits down beside her and takes the coffee mug she hands to him.
She sips her coffee. “I’m not saying anything.” She smiles and sips again.
“I wouldn’t if I were you.”
She holds out a free hand, the one with her wedding rings. She has short clean nails.  “I guess you’ve noticed that we’re about out of grub.”
“Yes ma’am, I have.”
“You want to go with me to the grocery store in Lake Park?”
“Umm. Let me think about it.” He places a finger on his lips, staring off, then speaks. “Nope. I’ll just get on with this job. I don’t like to procrastinate.”
Home from her shopping trip, Kim parks the Land Rover in what Shelton thinks of as her parking spot now. The fact that Elaine’s jeep hasn’t been brought home, he thinks, must mean that the law or whoever hasn’t made the necessary connections about where the jeep belongs, about who owns it.
Kim, with a grocery sack in one arm, has a red bandana tied around her forehead and is wearing her usual faded jeans with a cuff and a white polo shirt. 
Shelton, still sorting boards from the pile out back, stops and calls out, “I hope you got me a steak for supper.”
Stepping up from the concrete block to the plank, she says, “If you want meat, you might have to butcher one of the goats.”
“Did you see lots of people at Winn Dixie?”
“No.”
He wishes she was more expressive.
“Anybody you know?”
“It wasn’t open. I had to go to that little Mexican vegetable shed off the highway.” She continues speaking to him as she goes through the screen door to the kitchen. “Got all the fixings to go with goat.”
When she gets done putting away the groceries, she surprises him by wandering back through the door with Dixie on the heels of her white canvas shoes and walking the joists to the southeast edge of the porch. “Need help?”
While Shelton nails the boards to the floor framing, she brings them to him. He doesn’t try to talk to her, just enjoys her being close by and helping him out. It’s something he never could have imagined—her being outside and active. Usually, she stays inside, cleaning and rearranging, though careful not to move things that Elaine may have put in place. She seems to know from instinct. 
After noon, the heat thickens and presses down on them, even in the lacy shade of the Chinaberry trees. It’s like standing before an open fire. The goats shuffle and their skunky stink concentrates in the heat. Gnats swarm and buzz around Shelton and Kim’s faces and lodge in their eyes. He blows at them, hammering another floorboard. He notices that Kim keeps wiping her eyes on the smudged sleeves of her white polo and adjusting the red bandana on her forehead. She passes him another board, end out, careful not to hit him with it. 
He takes a nail from the can and angles the point on the board, hammering. “Why don’t you go inside and take a break?” he says.
“I’m fine.” She heads back to the stack he’s made for another board of the same size.
They stop for water, for iced tea, and then go back to hammering and hauling, watching the porch floor come together from the west to the east ends. 
Their clothes are wet with sweat. Shelton’s arms ache from hammering and he knows Kim’s arms have to hurt from lifting and carrying boards. But neither speaks. The afternoon stretches toward evening. The heat, like time, is elastic. 
Shelton isn’t wearing his watch and neither is Kim. No reason why not except that the exact hour and minute aren’t important to know. 
Shelton finds that it is hard while hammering to think and worry and feel guilty about waiting till after Elaine is gone to re-create the porch. He should have thought about this before. 
He reaches back for another board and Kim hands him her red bandana. 
 Just before sundown, in the mesmerizing heat and hum of mosquitoes and long shadows, they have a half-porch floor reaching from the west end of the house past the kitchen door. 
***Se-lah!  Se-lah! Se-lah!  Abdul Selah, former president of the United States and then head of the European Union, is on a mission for world peace. His Honor is visiting Israel first and then he will move on to the Arab nations. He will wrap up his tour in Baghdad for the opening of the grandly restored kingdom of Babylon.
 Shelton is lying on the couch, watching TV with his head propped on his folded arms. He tries to recall the exact wording of the European Parliament concerning their search for a qualified leader of the Union: “Be he god or devil, we will receive him.”
So, Selah had gone from European leader, to world leader, to global dictator, to a god.
A picture pops up of gold lions, one on each side of a large ornamental gate. A woman with a lilting voice loops round to the story of Saddam Abdul Selah claiming a likeness to King Nebuchadnezzar, king of ancient Babylon. 
On another note, earthquakes continue to chip away at the coast of California, north to south, working their way into its interior and spreading fire to densely populated cities. 
Shelton closes his eyes, listening to Kim easing open the bedroom door after getting ready for bed. The dog rises from the rug next to the couch and tips through the door and springs up on the bed next to Kim.
“Did you hear that about California?” he calls out.
“Yes.”
He’s grown used to her short answers; he’s grown used to her. And every day that passes he becomes more and more fond of her. More and more attracted. He can feel it from her too, and truth is he’s always attracted girls and women.
He used to compare Kim to Elaine when the two were together, an unfair comparison since Elaine was so beautiful, but, in Shelton’s eyes, she’d become the model by which to measure all women. Kim is now more attractive with Elaine not around. 
***Working together, they finish the porch late Saturday evening. Shelton, with Kim’s red bandana wound around his forehead and knotted in back to keep the sweat out of his eyes, drives the last nail on a corner post.
Except for a few split and broken boards the spot on the yard where the tumbled porch roof and floorboards have lain for so long is clean and open to the goat pens and the backdrop of woods.
The fair skin on Kim’s arms is covered with pink welts from mosquito bites and scratches from the splintering boards. 
Shelton poses in the yard with his hands on his hips, viewing the repaired porch. “Well, what you think?”
“Nice.”
He wheels, laughing. “You talk too much, woman. Is that all you can say?”
She shrugs, half-smiling, and scratches her arms.
“What you say we get out somewhere tomorrow?”
“Okay.”
Shelton needs to see if Elaine’s jeep is still on the highway; he needs to see order again to clear his mind of the mess when he’d last left the house.
So far, the TV news has failed to report anybody’s notion of what happened. Only that the government is working to get to the bottom of it. All over the world, people have been occupied with surviving deadly weather—floods, tornados, hurricanes, tsunamis, fires in drought stricken areas. It’s as if the planet earth has been sent spinning and tumbled like the porch roof.
Add to that the fact that a massive army made up of Russian and Iranian forces has tried to invade Israel but got caught in the northern mountains by an earthquake, followed by hail and brimstone. Those not buried in the fallen mountains had panicked and killed each other or died of infectious diseases.

Chapter 13
The evening sun is no longer streaming straight down the dirt road but scattered like gold over the green woods to the south. 
Shelton’s pickup still sits where it had run out of gas and Kim’s tire tracks are engraved in an arc where she has had to drive around it. She’s offered several times to help him tow the truck home but for some reason he’s not ready. 
She swerves around the truck, driving on up toward the highway.
Out of habit, Shelton, on the passenger side of the Land Rover, takes his cell phone from his black t-shirt pocket, flips it open and dials his daddy’s number. He claps it shut before it can ring.
“Where’s your cell, Kim?”
“In my backpack.”
“You ever charge it?”
“No.”
“Why?”
No answer. At the highway, she looks out the green-tinted window on her side, checking for traffic. “Which way?”
 Shelton scoots low and braces a knee on the dashboard. “Right. We don’t have to go all the way into Valdosta unless you want to go by your house.”
“No.”
“I just want to see if Elaine’s jeep’s been moved.”
Shelton stares at her. What is she thinking? She’s intelligent, he knows that, so she must have opinions about something, namely about what happened to her husband and son.
Up ahead all is clear—all the wrecked and parked cars are gone. Elaine’s jeep is gone. He can’t decide whether he is mad or glad that it hasn’t been towed home. Likely there would have been a lot of red tape involved if they’d brought it home. 
John’s convenience store is closed up tight as before. Shelton wonders whether he’s still inside or has moved on. He starts to tell Kim about almost getting arrested when he tried to move Elaine’s jeep. But it seems like another mark against him, like the fallen porch roof.
They meet two, three cars, a Wal-mart semi. Kim passes a pickup truck with a gang of Mexican migrant workers, their heavy black hair back-blown around their smiling square faces. 
“You ever wonder what they have to be so happy about?” Shelton asks Kim.
“No.”
The sky is gray-blue but cloudless and the sun is back to its business of torture, hot but not nearly as hot as the past two days spent working on the porch. Inside the air-conditioned car it would seem cooler anyway, but the fact that it isn’t as hot out today, Sunday, galls Shelton. The happy Mexicans gall him and Kim not agreeing about them being so happy over nothing galls him. And if Elaine’s alive, it really ticks him off that she hasn’t at least had the courtesy to call. 
Kim drives on toward Valdosta. Shelton is already eager to go home. He feels safe there, with only Kim. Now he fears getting in trouble for something he hasn’t done. But at the same time he is glad to be out and seeing automobiles moving normally along the highway. 
“Tell me where,” Kim says.
“Umm... Let’s just keep going a bit. Everything’s back to normal, looks like.”
A few people are strolling along the sidewalks of downtown Valdosta. A young couple in blue jeans crosses the street at a stop-light, maybe going to see a play at the old Dosta Theater on the left. Or to eat at the Bistro cafe on the corner. Two old men with canes sit on a bench, on the right side of the street. A middle-aged couple stands staring through the plate-glass window of a furniture store—CLOSING SALE. 
But when they reach the courthouse square, a block north of there, men and women, old and young, by the hundreds are lined up from the courthouse door to the street, the line snaking around the square.
“What you reckon that’s all about?” he asks.
“I cannot imagine.”
Police officers in black, carrying clubs, amble along the line, stopping now and then to talk to somebody. 
“Not good. Let’s move on. Slow. Don’t want to attract attention.” It comes to Shelton that he wants the world to believe that he’s vanished with the others. He wonders if Kim feels the same.
“Go up to the next street and take a right and head home the back way, what you say.”
“Okay.”
Driving east, passing through the mostly poor-black section of town, men and women, old and young, are sitting out on the porches of their old dilapidated houses or wandering the streets and yards. Loud music, lots of laughing.
A man on a bicycle cuts across in front of the Land Rover and Kim has to stomp the brakes to keep from hitting him.
“Damn bastard!” Shelton has to hold to the dash to keep from hitting the windshield. “Get your ass off the street,” he yells.
The man stops the bicycle, both black high-top athletic shoes anchored on the pavement. “Who you cussing at, turkey?”
“You, nigger!”
“Shelton, no.” Kim reaches out to stop him from opening the car door. “Somebody might call the police.”
She is right. Shelton sits up straight. “Hit it!”
In the rear view mirror Shelton can see the crowd watching from the street. He can feel the brittleness of hate for a man whose name he doesn’t even know.
Back on the highway, heading home, Shelton says, “Well, some things never change, do they?”
“True.” 
Sitting back in the seat, relieved to be on the way home, Shelton says, “So, what did you gather from the trip into town?”
Kim stares at him with her serious gray eyes. “We didn’t see any children.”
Shelton thinks about the government minority settlement where he’d gone on his way to Kim’s house. She is right—no children.
“Hey, you want to see children, I’ll show you children. It’s about time for everybody to be getting to church. You can’t walk for children under your feet.”
Just past the dirt road to Shelton’s house, Kim turns right down another dirt road. Curves and overhanging branches and open sun casting long shadows of pines. The road is white clay, hard as concrete in places and dead sand patches in other places. “I don’t want to stop,” Kim says.
“We won’t. I just want to show you that you’re wrong about no children.”
It is about five o’clock and the sun is in their eyes when they reach the little white frame church they used to go to with Elaine and Dan. Then, after church, before Kim and Dan’s baby was born, they would go to Shoney’s at Lake Park for desert—rich, dark chocolate cake with hot fudge icing. After their first outing with the baby, Shelton would make up any excuse to keep from going and watching that baby smear goo in his hair while everybody laughed at him. 
The church house is dark-looking inside with the sun streaking around it. No cars and trucks in the shady front yard. No children out playing among the huge live oaks. No groups of men and women out talking while waiting for the service to start.
There’s a red sign on one of the double doors like the condemned sign Shelton saw on the door of the church in Valdosta.
Elaine drives on, and just south of the church a black sheriff’s car is parked in the cemetery aimed at the road.
Shelton sits back as far as he can, not moving his head. “Let’s go, let’s go! Don’t speed but keep moving.”
In the rearview mirror he sees the car still sitting there, windows glazed over with sun.
“What in the world is going on?” he shouts, pounding his knee with his fist.
Kim keeps driving, both hands on the wheel, as calm as he is agitated.
“Well, say something,” he shouts. “What do you think is going on? People don’t just vanish, do they?”
She opens her mouth to speak. He interrupts her with, “Don’t you dare say ‘I don’t know.’ You must have an opinion. And don’t give me that crap about the Rapture. I know you don’t buy that anymore than I do.”
At the highway, she takes a left. 
Shelton keeps shouting. “Okay maybe you do believe that and that’s why you’re hiding out at my place and not charging your phone. Because you don’t want anybody to know you didn’t make it to Disney-World Heaven with the rest of your family.”
She turns on the blinker to take a right. “Shut up, Shelton. No wonder you didn’t get airlifted with Elaine.”
“What about you? You’re still here. You with your open-minded take on one God for all religions.”
“At least I don’t hate people just because their skin is darker.”
She swerves in an exaggerated manner to keep from bumping into the back of his parked truck. “Know why you’ve left that truck there for three months? Pity. Self-pity. Same as the porch.”
When they reach the house, she wheels into her parking place and slams the brakes and opens the door and strikes out around the corner of the house.
Shelton gets out and walks to the new back porch and sits on the edge, gazing out at the goat pen.
When she comes out with her black canvass backpack, the dog is on her heels.
“Call the dog, Shelton.”
“Dixie. Come.”
The dog trots over and sits beside him, whining as they listen to Kim open and shut the car door, start the engine, back out and drive away. 
***
Dark seems a long time coming but Shelton waits to go inside till he can barely see. Till the goat pen disappears and the woods are only a block of darker dark; till day sounds turn to night sounds, hum of nothingness. No watching TV, no eating supper. He’s alone, as he deserves to be, and he won’t even allow himself the satisfaction of editing all he’s said to Kim this evening. No thinking of Elaine, no feeling sorry for himself. He is numb.
Leaving the light on over the sink in the kitchen, he goes into his and Elaine’s bedroom and undresses and slips between the sheets smelling of Kim—warm, soft, soap-scented. It’s as if the smoothness of her skin has spun the cotton into silk.
 Dixie doesn’t follow him into the bedroom and he doesn’t blame her. 
Tomorrow, he will...  Nope. No plans, no trying to figure things out or even go through the motions of hoping to make it another day. Tunneling down into sleep, he lets go. 
What do you have to be so puffed up about?
When he comes up, opening his eyes, he sees Kim’s rounded silhouette framed in the doorway with the kitchen light at her back. She moves forward, to the foot of the bed, as if trying to see who is sleeping there, then slowly walks around the other side of the bed, sits on the edge then lies down, pulling the cover up to her chin. Then he hears her crying softly. He rolls onto his left side and places his right arm across her body and pulls her to him. Rubbing her arm up to her shoulder he lets her cry, while breathing in the scent of her clean hair and neck. The tension in his body, with him for so long, at last lets go. 
“Okay,” he says. “It’s okay.”
“Do you think we’ll get any stars by our names for at least believing in the Rapture?”

A RIGHTEOUS WIND
Part Two

Chapter 14
 You would not mistake the kidnapping in progress of being serious, no evil event, even if you were not told that Sis’ Shirley is friend and not enemy: you can tell by the way she is high-stepping it across the dirt road to the dead woods with those huge decorated glasses and a sly grin showing a gold front tooth, her square shoulders not one bit strained from the burden of the little blond, curly-headed boy in her arms, him screaming and pitching to get down, cross about being scooped from his bed before good sunup. 
The dog, onto this game from long habit, races across the road, barking, and stretches out over the wide, trenched fire brake and overtakes them.
And then comes Kim, lumbering out of the yard in cuffed blue jeans and bare feet, following Sis’ Shirley and the child, shouting and shaking a fist. She scampers down into the ditch and up again, falling to one knee.
“At least you could ask for once,” she shouts, obviously inconvenienced and annoyed, but not angry.
She and Shelton had hired Sis’ Shirley with a goat to deliver their son Adam, almost three years ago, to keep him from being listed, labeled and numbered by the World Government system. He doesn’t exist. Kim and Shelton no longer exist since they excised the microchip IDs from the tops of their right hands.
Anyway, Sis’ Shirley had taken one look at the pink-cheeked boy’s blond curls and swore she’d never laid eyes on a prettier child and in place of the goat for pay she would take rights of visitation. Something like that. Really, she is lonely, Kim believes, and prefers Kim and Shelton’s company to that of her neighbors. Maybe she misses her church. She became an outcast in the minority settlement across the woods after her community learned that, for all her holding herself up as a Christian, turned out she was a hypocrite. She got left behind, along with the sinners all about her, that black Friday, three and a half years ago.
Still, Sis’ Shirley is in charge, so used to being in charge is she that she doesn’t know any other way. But she’s not fooling Kim: the main reason she snatches Adam up on occasion is to show off and bait the other women who lost their own children during the Rapture. Kim and Shelton don’t mind her coming over and playing with Adam. He doesn’t mind. He will sit on her lap on their back porch and listen to her silly songs and play patty-cake with her till she gets ready to go home.
They can count on her to snitch on her neighbors, some of the rougher bunch intent on robbing them. To them she claims to have some kind of in with the World Ruler, Abdul Selah, and they believe her because she’s always writing letters to him and bragging about him writing her back, though nobody has ever seen one of the letters.
“Sis’ Shirley, I mean it.” Kim keeps running along the trail through the dry woods, almost catching up with her and the child and the dog wambling ahead. “He’s not even good awake. His diaper is wet.” 
“I’m just taking him to see my Santy Claus.”
“Uhh!” Kim shakes her head.
The trees look rusted from the prolonged drought and pine beetle infestation. One day the pine needles would be green and next day brown till the forest had become like a picture rubbed by a child with a peeled crayon. Even the sapped oaks rustle in the wind, when it blows, and the leaves fall down like rain. Their whole world is layered in dust and smoke, the blue of the sky almost gone.
Shelton’s been saying for weeks that it’s time to go. One spark and the woods are going to blow like a match stuck to confetti. He believes there will be water and safety in the Okefenokee Swamp, some forty-five miles to the east of where they live.
Kim doesn’t want to go. Though bad things have happened to them, she feels relatively safe where they are. They don’t have much longer here anyway.
They’re finding it much easier to trace events of the tribulation period than for the Rapture (there were no events to follow before the Rapture; there are events to follow before the Second Coming). It’s all there in the Bible, and Sis’ Shirley fills them in too. With the Rapture, they had just toed up to the threshold of time and stepped over into a lost world. But with every day that passes now the pressure from those in charge gets greater and people in general grow more evil and hateful. 
According to the Sis’ Shirley, there were four major signs, or clues, to the Lord’s return for the Rapture: Israel’s becoming a nation again; everybody, the world over, fighting about oil; Daniel’s prophecy being fulfilled, having to do with Europe’s reestablishment; and the rise of militant radical Islam.
Kim and Shelton should have recognized “the signs and wonders,” as she calls them. Sis’ Shirley had, for all the good it did her. They promised her that they would be more careful to watch for the events to occur before the end of this trial and tribulation period. “Good luck to you,” she’d said and smacked her sullen lips.
Sis’ Shirley knows more Scripture by heart than either Kim or Shelton, and in spite of her dispute with God over missing the Rapture, she’s not one bit shy about sharing what she knows. Loving to shock too, she springs the news she’s gathered from her radio on Shelton and Kim. What’s going on? Just ask Sis’ Shirley:
“Abdul Selah be mad as a hornet because Turkey over there dammed up them two rivers they call the Euphrates and the Tigris. Say the Turks do that so nobody but them can’t float down the rivers on business with Syria and Iraq. Course, with no water the Chinamen’s  army of over a million can walk right across them riverbeds and sneak up on Selah in Jerusalem.” 
“What’s he doing in Jerusalem?” Shelton wanted to know.
“You don’t know?” Her voice got louder, always louder toward the end. “He in Jerusalem resting up after fighting them ole boys to the north and the south. Wore out, that why he there.” 
Mixed up with news from John at the service station, Sis’ Shirley can likewise be depended on for the most titillating news, not without shock value: In London, an exchange student is accused of the sexual battery and murder of her roommate, with the help of her boyfriend; Earthquakes in Indonesia have triggered a massive tsunami; Cyclones in Myanmar; The bird-flu pandemic is sweeping Europe; Meteorite storms over New England; Another volcano in Chile. China and Japan, former enemies, declare peace, friendship and co-operation in their joint venture in refining oil.
***Stepping from the woods to the clearing of houses, Kim smells backed-up sewage and what could be mistaken for bitter frost-burned weeds, though they’ve had no frost for years. 
She sees Alfred, Sis’ Shirley’s neighbor to her left, sitting on his doorsteps with his burry gray head in his hands. His mind has been slipping, they say, since so many in the settlement went missing (some claim it’s Sis’ Shirley’s fault for bothering him with all her crazy talk). Now, he’s quit speaking to his neighbors and there’s a rumor going around that he has tongue cancer. Kim wonders whether his own people have turned against him because they feel awkward speaking to him when he either can’t or won’t speak back. Or maybe nobody cares anymore.  
By the time Kim gets to Sis’ Shirley’s black-top driveway and kitchen door, she can hear Adam squealing and laughing and the dog barking inside. 
Kim steps through the open door and can see him and Sis’ Shirley under her gaudily-decorated Christmas tree—his first ever. Added to Dixie’s bass barking is the high-pitched yipping of a little brown and white windup dog that twitches its ears and tail.
“Sis’ Shirley, where in the world did you get that?” Kim asks.
“My boy Selah send it to me. Send it all the way from New Rome.”
Kim is used to the gifts sent to her by “her boy” Selah. Which means that those things have been stolen from her neighbors. She’s grown worse about lying and stealing over the years Kim has known her, but she never steals from them. She just wants love and acceptance, Kim tells Shelton. She’s just bitter about living all those years for her church, only to be spurned by the One she worked for and sang for and praised, and she honestly believes “it ain’t fair.” 
Adam picks up the dog and screams when the twitching ears and tail touch his arm. He drops it. Sis’ Shirley cackles and rewinds it and Dixie keeps barking. 
She is tall and slim, fifty-ish, sitting back on her bleached heels, the skirt of her blue chambray skirt covering her long legs. Not a pretty woman but not ugly, except for her sour face and puffed lips. Her eyes behind her stand-out glasses always appear half-shut.
The small frame house is clean and neat but a shamble of cheap cracked plaster walls and peeled white tiles and shattered windows caused by repeated earthquakes. All the other houses in the settlement are in the same condition. Strangely, Shelton and Kim’s house has been spared. 
“Y’all don’t need to stay on here,” Kim says. “Fire’s going to come sweeping through.”
“Don’t start on that Okefenoak and all them snakes and gators. I’ll take fire anytime, but Lord knows what I have to put up with here.” She twists to sitting position and places one big-knuckled hand on top of Adam’s cherub head. 
Kim believes that she will end up going with them, if for no other reason than to get away from these people who recall her contradictory history with the church. 

Chapter 15
It is Christmastime but hot as July. Their last real winter had been when Kim was pregnant with Adam. They had been terrified of having a child but not for long.
When Kim comes walking out of the woods to the dirt road with Adam in her arms, and the dog panting behind, she sees Shelton standing in the goat pen behind the house.
“Ready?” she calls.
“Ready.” He waves and smiles.
“Wanta see what Mommy and Daddy made for you?” she says to Adam. “Wanta see?” 
Adam climbs down her knees like door steps as she’d taught him to do to keep from further straining her back. Her back is strained from tensing; her teeth ache from gritting them. Sometimes she wonders how far she will go to protect her son, and then she has to stop wondering to protect her faith. 
Adam runs across the yard toward the goat pen. Puffs of dust fly with each step. Dixie chases after him, spinning dirt to dust with her claws.
Shelton reaches over the fence and lifts Adam under his arms, high up in the air and then quickly to the ground. He screams in the same tone as when Sis’ Shirley had snatched him earlier this morning while she and Shelton were out back, but this time it’s a scream of thrill. Still, it bothers Kim.
Dixie tries to hop over the fence, but Kim sends her to the back porch.
“Okay, Mommy, we’re waiting,” Shelton says, standing by the fence, in blue jeans and a black t-shirt. “Come on.” His narrow brown eyes crinkle at the corners when he smiles. 
Kim steps over the fence. She has to partially straddle and sit and swing the other leg over.
“Shortie,” Shelton teases and pokes one sharp boot toe through the bottom section of wire to spring the fence down. 
Her arm brushes his and she feels a warm rush throughout her body. She walks behind Adam to the entrance of the goat shed, with Shelton behind her, pulling her close. Yes, he feels it too. She wonders if he shares her dread of going “out there.” If only she knew what to expect on the road. 
At the doorway, she stops. “Oh, Shelton! It’s beautiful. It’s so real!”
Together they each take one of Adam’s hands and walk him through the sweet scattered hay being munched by the remaining goats, a brittle-black nannie and her baby. The others have long been gone, some swapped for food to the Mexicans at the vegetable shed in Lake Park, a couple eaten by Kim and Shelton, when they were close to starving for meat.
“Baby Jesus,” says Kim, bending low over her childhood Cabbage Patch doll with brown string hair the shade of her own. “See Baby Jesus.”
“Desus,” Adam says and palms its peachy cloth face with a plump dimpled hand.
Baby Jesus is wrapped in a blue flannel blanket belonging to Kim’s first child Buck who vanished before Adam became her next first baby. She had laid the doll in an old wooden crate found in the shed. Mary and Joseph, kneeling to watch over the Christ-child, are straw-stuffed pillow cases with corded off heads, arms and legs to give them shape. They are draped in colorful striped rugs from Kim’s house, which she brought home the day she slipped away to get Buck’s clothes and shoes for Adam. She hadn’t even been sad. At last she knew where her baby and his daddy were. 
Sometimes she thinks that she never loved Dan and Buck the way she loves Shelton and Adam. But she and Dan had been only physically joined, not spiritually like her and Shelton. They’ve never even had a formal ceremony; the Holy Spirit had knit them together and still does patching on a daily basis. 
Adam refuses to go near Mary and Joseph and they do look scary, like ghosts or dough-people. 
“Okay,” Shelton says. “Come here, buddy.” He sits cross-legged on the hay before the manger with Adam on his lap and Kim next to them, the morning sun flowing over them as Shelton tells the story of Christ’s first coming. 
Before Shelton gets to the part about the shepherds seeing the star in the east and the angel appearing before them, Adam switches laps, staring up at the nail-heads of light like stars through the tin. Nuzzling a nipple from between the buttons of his mother’s old white shirt, he nurses till he falls asleep. 
Shelton and Kim grow silent, listening to and watching the goats delicately munch hay while their son sleeps in Kim’s arms. His ringlets look like spun silk. Such a pretty child.
She whispers to Shelton, “I think he senses our fear of leaving this place. Maybe even our fear for him here.”
“Yeah,” Shelton whispers back. “Those screams this morning were a little bit too serious to suit me.”
According to the bible, Christians are supposed to expect persecution, like Christ, but Shelton and Kim hope to spare their son. 
“Sis’ Shirley and her people have probably been quarreling about the Rapture in front of him.” 
Fear is wearing down both of them.
“Is she going with us?”
“I think so.”
“Well, she’d better make up her mind; tomorrow morning we’ve got to go.” He stands up, brushing the hay from the seat of his worn jeans. “And no more grabbing and scaring Adam and running that mouth. I’ll have a talk with her.”

Chapter 16
But the next morning they don’t leave right away because John is coming to inspect the house and tow the truck, both bartered for supplies and gas for their trip east.
After breakfast, Kim sends Adam out in only a diaper to check on Baby Jesus and the goats. She doesn’t mention Mary and Joseph, because then he won’t go. Yes, he has been frightened by something or maybe it’s an accumulation of sensing Kim and Shelton’s fear and dread for so long. Night and day, their hands are on him; he even sleeps between them. 
She peeps out the window over the kitchen sink, watching him climb up the fence and then drop to his bottom on the other side. It’s funny but it’s sad: he seldom cries when he’s hurt, only when he’s scared. He creeps up to the make-shift stable and stares into the dimness as he hangs to the door frame. Then he steps inside.
Out front, Dixie gives off a volley of barks when she hears John’s old white wrecker rumbling up the road. She has long given up on “Mama” coming home and understands that traffic along the road means trouble. 
When common revelers, vandals and thieves come with their pistols and rifles, Shelton and Kim hide out in the woods behind the house with Adam and Dixie. The vandals and thieves do their damage and take what they want and then, most of the time, they are gone. The one thing of value really was the flat-screen TV but it was not a real loss to Kim and Shelton since they’ve had no electricity for a couple of years. The silent cell phones too have become a convenience of the past, like running water and the gas stove—they cook outside whatever they can scrap up to cook.
Slowly, they’d adjusted to washing clothes at the creek behind the house where their lives in microchip—sealed in an aluminum can to resist radar detection—had likely floated away to the sea by now. Kim thinks about the vanishing conveniences as something they would never have needed if they hadn’t known about them. She thinks about her first husband and son that way, too, and her parents and sister in Tennessee. If she’d never known them, she wouldn’t love and miss them.
Doing without is not really so new to her—though not on this level, even seeming so then. Five to ten years before her parents, and then she and Dan, struggled to hold on to vanishing money, stocks, and pension funds of every kind; loss of health insurance, along with everybody else not on the World Government’s get-it list. 
Even those of late, who had received the “mark of the beast” on top of their right hands, and those before, like she and Shelton, with the loaded microchips, had to struggle to buy and sell and work. 
Kim had graduated from University of Tennessee, in Chattanooga, with a Masters in Music and a minor in Childhood Education, but she’d had trouble landing a job, so had her classmates. Then when she finally found a job, it was over before her third paycheck. Her degrees, like Shelton’s, like their money and holdings, are paper, worthless, except for what they’ve managed to maintain in their brains—knowledge. Wisdom from experience and their bibles have become what are mainly of value, even from a practical point of view. They hardly think about their losses anymore. They think instead about their gains.
So, she can wash clothes by hand and hang them on a line in her back yard to dry, and she can love and enjoy only Shelton and Adam. Things change and they will change more.
Shelton is out front with John, hushing the dog.
Kim hears them talking and stomping across the front porch.
She goes into the hot, closed living room to greet John, who she’s never met before. To be on the safe side, Shelton has been going alone to John’s store for their needs. Knowing John is secretive about his shady business dealings, Shelton hadn’t been sure how he would take to Kim’s being in on his wheeling and dealing in undercover markets. Even when the other local stores are out of food and gas, John isn’t. But he won’t do business with just anybody, so they can’t take the risk. Shelton needs John and John needs Shelton, who he’s come to trust over the years.
John looks like a giant, to Kim, just as Shelton first described him to her: dark walled eyes and wet-black hair, white shirt and black pants that ride low under his broad belly.
Shelton, in cowboy boots and jeans, steps inside after John, closing the door in Dixie’s bothered face.
“No like dog,” John says, waving his hands. “Angels not come when dog in house.”
Apparently his English has improved.
“John,” Shelton says, “this is Kim, my wife.”
“She come back?”
“No. That was Elaine.”
“Kim new. Kim New.” He laughs and stares at her as if he’s just said something clever. Then his stare flashes to Shelton.
“Nice to meet you, John.” Kim sticks out her hand to shake but he only nods to her with his eyes rolled up under heavy lids. 
Shelton speaks to Kim: “John’s come to check out the house and tow the truck.” He seems to be saying this for John’s benefit rather than hers, to put him at ease about any suspicions she might have about him.
Shelton’s old pickup has been parked off the dirt road down a fire-break since the Monday after the Sunday of his and Kim’s melt-down and makeup.
Kim goes back into the kitchen to box up instant food from John’s store. No cooking, no mess, but sometimes she is starving for the real macaroni and cheese her mother used to make and freeze and serve anytime. She smiles at the coincidence as she places a box of instant macaroni in the cardboard box on the counter. 
She’s never not-hungry, but she makes sure Adam is never hungry. This morning she had stale instant coffee with yellow canned milk; he had instant oatmeal, with mother’s milk. 
She looks out the wide window over the sink and is satisfied seeing Adam petting the baby goat. Just don’t let the goat start shrieking, she thinks. Adam hates that shrill sound. 
John steps amazingly light for such a large man, as if he’s afraid he’ll break the floor or tip over a lamp. Not that Kim and Shelton have lamps now; they’ve all been stolen or broken. But as with the TV and washer, they’re no loss without electricity.
“I’m going out to show John the stable,” Shelton says to Kim in the kitchen. “Do you mind bringing Dix in and putting her in the bedroom?”
“Angels no come with dog in house.”
Kim goes into the living room, opens the front door and Dixie trots inside, following Kim to the bedroom. “Stay, Dixie.”
She sits on the dusty floor and tilts her head, then starts whining as Kim closes the door.
From comparison studies on various religions, she recalls the Islamic belief that when you pray the angels won’t come if a dog has been in the room; and if a dog licks a Muslim he or she has to go out to the desert and bathe in sand.
She wonders if John might not want the house now with a dog having lived in it. Shelton believes that John attends Mosque mainly to draw customers to his store by appearing righteous. But if he doesn’t want the house now, will that mean they have to give back the stored gas and the spare tank full rigged beneath the Land Rover by Shelton and John? The spare tank will allow them to switch over without stopping when the main tank gets empty.
 And what about the bartered, ratty, dirty-cleansed canned goods and crackers and bottled water? She recalls Shelton telling her about John pushing aside certain, suspicious cans while boxing up the supplies for them. He will sell them to somebody else, but not to his buddy Shelton.
Shelton says John has no fear of fire or extreme weather, such as the kind being experienced the world-over, only bad people and disease. Maybe that’s why he didn’t shake hands with her, Kim thinks. She shrugs her shoulders, something she seldom does anymore in place of speaking.
John believes that Abdul Selah will fix the weather soon and stop all the robbing and killing and maiming going on. Though lately, like everybody else, John is beginning to trust him less, to love him less.
Most people, especially former Americans and Europeans, fell out with Abdul Selah when he broke the peace treaty with Israel.  Only a year after the European Union’s signed promise to protect Israel from its Arab neighbors, especially Iran, the promise had been revoked. Iran had amassed an army with Russia and tried to attack the Holy Land by sneaking into the mountains from the north where weather, panic and disease had stopped them.
So, why hadn’t Abdul Selah turned back the rain and wind, earthquakes and hail in the mountains? Shelton had asked John.
Kim had asked Shelton what the purpose of the attack on Israel had been. He said it was to take Israel’s land, to steal their money and holdings and to slaughter God’s chosen people.
But John, like other people with Arab connections, doesn’t share Shelton and Kim’s view of the Jewish nation of Israel being God’s chosen people as well as His literal land. 
When John and Shelton walk up on the back porch, Kim steps out the battered screen door.
Adam is following with the Cabbage Patch Jesus dangling by one arm.
“He like the little Desus,” John says, walling his eyes and roaring a laugh.
“Had you ever seen the Christmas display before?” Kim asks.
Shelton surprises her by translating in mixed Arab-Indian and his own poor English, something he seldom does anymore since Kim convinced him that there’s nothing uppity about speaking properly. His sarcasm is completely gone and to Kim it seems that when he no longer needed the crutch of sarcasm, he no longer needed the red-neck tongue of his raising.
John is laughing, hugging the baby Jesus low to his belly as if to make Adam think he is going to crush or take the doll.
It is then that Kim notices the tiny blue print of a tattoo on his right hand, though she can’t make out what it says. Of course he would have what the bible calls the mark of the beast, in order to legally buy and sell, even dealing with the black-marketers on the side. He’d been one of those lined up around the courthouse square to receive the mark that Sunday afternoon, over three years ago, when Shelton and Kim had gone for a drive into Valdosta. 
Adam is showing signs of primping up to cry.
“It’s okay, Adam,” Shelton says lows. “John wants to hold baby Jesus. He’s playing with you. He’ll give it back.”
John does, so quickly that Adam almost backs off the edge of the porch. John drops the doll and beats his chest with black-gray hair sprouting from the neck of his white shirt. “Mohammed! Mohammed! Way to Allah, Mohammed!”
Shelton picks up Adam’s Baby Jesus from the floor.
“I used to believe that too,” Kim says. “Along with every other religions’ notion about the way to God.” She is smiling but serious; these are facts. “I used to believe in the Buddha being...”
“Bah, Buddha!” John breaks in.
She doesn’t try to pick up that thread again. She will leave him her bible with the special section on comparisons of various religions, along with God’s living word and guides and her careful markings and annotations. 
All publishing houses and book stores selling bibles or books by or about Christians had been closed since shortly after “so many people went missing,” to prevent further spread of religious superstitions—didn’t people the world over have enough to worry about with famine, disease, weather and war? You can still get bibles and such Online at banned books’ sites, but if you get caught you can go to prison. Church and Christian meetings have likewise been banned by Selah , who claims to be Jesus Christ, while beautifully blaspheming along with the world prophet, a student of Selah’s pastor before he sneaked into politics—the scriptural little horn that grows.
John makes Kim sad, recalling how she used to think of herself as too smart to accept the held beliefs of the Christian faith, more reasoning and intelligent. She had gone to church only because of Dan, to please him, though he knew about her “broader view” on religion. John’s Islamic beliefs, though voodoo-ish to her, are at least humble, not all about him.  

Chapter 17
After John and Shelton leave to tow the truck to John’s store, Kim takes Adam and his Cabbage-Patch Jesus out to the Land Rover and starts to buckle him into Buck’s car seat. He begins to cry and stretch his body full length, struggling to get out.
“Okay,” she says, “but you’ll have to sit down like Mommy.”
He crawls up into the back seat for a few seconds, the doll in his lap, and then stands in the seat, swinging Baby Jesus by one arm. 
Round two with the stubborn three-year-old.
Finally, she allows him to stand on the back floor behind her in the driver’s seat. It’s not that far to town, she reasons, and she’s coming right back. She is just going to her house in Valdosta to pick up some more of her things to take with them. 
The sun overhead shines weakly through the dust and diffusing smoke of a distant fire. Oncoming automobiles have their headlights switched on, reminding Kim to switch hers on.
Almost to the city limits, she sees in the rearview a black police car tailgating her. “Uh oh, Adam. Now we’re in trouble.” She tries to make light of it but heat radiates from the insides of her fingers throughout her whole body.
He is standing on the hump in the middle of the floor, leaning between the two front seats and dandling the doll on her shoulder. He turns his blue-eyed gaze on her when she says that. 
She wonders if it’s still a violation to let children ride without car seats. She thinks it’s possible that that law has been done away with since all children up to a certain age went missing; nobody knows what age or whether the children were lost in earthquakes, floods, and other weather catastrophes at the time. Then when she sees the blue light bar flickering end to end on the police car, she hopes the car seat violation is all she’ll be in trouble for. The star-scar on top of her right hand on the steering wheel looks suddenly huge, seems to span her entire hand. Add to that the fact that she is shaking so that she can hardly pull over to the side of the highway. 
A sporty silver car in the southbound lane zips past and she hopes the officer—a large woman with cooped brown hair--will forget her and go after the speeding driver. 
No. Her door opens and she steps out, black patent cap far above the car—that’s how tall she is—walking slowly with a sort of swagger toward the Land Rover.
“Adam, here.” Kim pitches the doll in the back seat. “Go sit with Baby Jesus.”
“Desus,” he says and dives for the doll, then takes his place on the hump again. 
The doll is dancing down her right shoulder to her arm when Kim buzzes the window down, staring into the sharp plain face of the officer holding out a black RFID resembling a chrome miniature metal detector. 
“Hand, please,” she says in a low crusty voice. 
“Move the Baby Jesus, Adam.”
“Desus,” he says and pulls the doll back, and blessedly sits down in the seat with his plump legs sticking straight out from his khaki shorts. 
“Hand, please.”
“I know I should have made him stay in his seat but...”
“I need to check your hand, ma’am.” The officer’s close-set dark eyes are fixed on Kim’s right hand on the steering wheel, on the knife-etched star.
“It got infected and I had to remove it.” 
“You should have had it replaced; you know the law.”
“Yes, I’ll do that right away.”
Adam starts crying, clutching the doll and staring out the window at the officer, head to toe dressed in black.
“I’m afraid I’ll have to take your little girl—security issues, you know?”
Kim doesn’t correct her, just peers in the rearview at her curly-headed son, who does resemble a girl. “I’ll be more careful, officer. Next time...”
Her eyes go hard, glowering. “It’s the law. I have to take her in and let the Board of Neglected Children review the case.”
“Neglected!” Kim can’t help storming at the woman. “He’s not going anywhere without me.”
When Kim looks again she is transfixed by what looks like a black plastic pistol. 
“Step out of the car, ma’am.”
“Adam, come to Mommy,” Kim says and twists round in the seat to catch his arm and pull him to her. He starts screaming and climbing onto the console between the two front seats. 
Meanwhile, the officer has opened the car door on Kim’s side. Roughly, she lays hold of Kim’s elbow to guide her from the car. Kim jerks away. Gathering Adam in her arms, she steps out, pressing his head to her shoulder and patting his warm bare back.
“I’m going to have to take you in if you don’t release the child.” The officer is speaking meaner, bolder, not even trying to be professional. 
“No! You can’t take my baby.”
“You can follow me to the station and speak with the Child Neglect officer on duty. Or I can call for help and force you to let him go.”
Adam’s arms tighten around her neck; he is fully aware of what’s going on. 
Kim starts to cry, crying low to keep Adam from getting more upset. “This has to be a mistake...I mean, just because I didn’t have my child buckled up.”
The officer seems suddenly to soften. “A child is not allowed to live in a household in which either parent violates security precautions.”
“You mean the microchip...So that’s what this is about.”
A semi behind the two cars slows and then veers left, hot wheels hissing on the gravel. The wind from the semi smells oily and peppers them with grit. Kim covers Adam’s teary face with her own.
“A child in the household...”
Kim speaks low into Adam’s ear against her cheek. “Adam, sweetie, I’m going to let the nice lady hold you.” She levels her voice. “You get to ride in her pretty car while I follow. I won’t leave you; I’ll be right behind you.”
He holds tighter, almost strangling Kim. “Please, for Mommy. Go with the lady. I’ve never left you before, and I won’t leave you now.”
He sniffles, looks at the officer, rubbing his eyes with a dimpled fist.
She reaches for him and again he clings to Kim but this time says, “Desus.”
 “Yes, your Baby Jesus can go with you.” Then to the officer, “That’s his doll. Will you reach in the back seat and get it for him?”
The officer only stares for a few seconds, then holsters her pistol and opens the back door and pulls out the doll, holding it by one arm the way Adam has been doing.
Kim takes it and presses it between her and Adam. “There. See Baby Jesus wants to ride with you and the lady. Okay?” 
The woman speaks in a kind voice, totally different now. “You should know, if you don’t already, that making religious references are forbidden.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s not a matter of whether you are sorry. The World Government system forbids Christian references of any kind. Don’t tell me you didn’t know that?”
“Yes. I understand.”
“Are you a Christian? I’m just going over all this with you before we get to the station. If you say yes, I can promise you your child will be placed in an institution to be deprogrammed.”
“No,” Kim says, swaying and burying her face in Adam’s baby-smelling neck.  Her breasts are leaking; she needs to nurse him.
He shudders and goes still, though his arms circling her don’t relax.
“No what?”
“No, I’m not a Christian. I don’t believe in such superstitious nonsense.” The last two words came from the Land Rover’s radio news, she seems to recall. “The name Jesus for the doll was making fun. We didn’t mean...I didn’t mean it to be taken serious.” She can feel Adam’s heartbeat through the cloth body of the doll tucked between them. 
“Okay.” The officer takes a deep breath, pausing for an old pickup to rattle past. “I’m breaking some serious laws here, but I’m going to allow you to fill out a form to that effect, along with a signed agreement to implant a new microchip. And while you’re at it, you might want to go ahead and get the tattoo, for good measure. It’s not mandatory yet, but it soon will be. And then I’m going to let you go. But you will be under close scrutiny, and anything you do to the contrary will be a straight pass to prison, and your little girl will be in government custody. Understood?”
“Yes, I understand. Thank you.” Kim feels empty inside but her arms are full and for the time being that seems enough. 

Chapter 18
When she gets home she is a nervous wreck but she has reclaimed her natural calm, on the outside anyway. After napping all the way home, Adam seems to have forgotten the scary episode. She helps him forget by babbling excitedly about them leaving that evening, and, she tells him, soon he will go with his daddy to lead the goats to the settlement and see Sis’ Shirley’s Christmas tree again. 
He had left his wind-up dog there yesterday and remembers it now and wants his “woof woof.”
“Woof woof!” she says over and over with him woofing back at her and dancing around the kitchen with Baby Jesus.
She feels silly but it’s better than the shame inside trying to burst free. Why should she feel shame for doing what she had to do to keep Adam with her? 
By the time Shelton gets home, an hour later, she has at some point decided not to tell him what happened. Or maybe not decided, because she simply isn’t going to tell about any of it. The forms she signed with the name of Anna Selph, mother of three-year-old Amanda Selph. She’s not too worried about being found out since they’ll be leaving soon anyway. Besides, who can prove that Kimberly Meeks didn’t disappear along with Dan and Buck Meeks, three and one-half years ago? Her address for the record is the house in Valdosta where she used to live. She tells herself that her reason for not telling Shelton is to keep from worrying him. But she knows that’s not it. What she’s done, what she’s said, what she’s signed narrows down to a simple denial of Jesus Christ and she is ashamed. And the worst part of it is, she would do it all over again. Her heart can’t lie and who but God knows the heart?
***The day is wearing down when at four o’clock that evening Shelton and Adam lead the goats across the road and through the woods to the settlement. Dixie follows, barking and circling the black nannie and her baby.
Kim is loading up boxes of bed sheets and blankets in back of the Land Rover, packed to the roof, while alternately checking for the black police car to appear, when she sees them coming back. Shelton is holding Adam’s hand and carrying an old brown-striped suitcase when they step from the woods, down into the ditch, then up to the road.  
Sis’ Shirley, dressed in a straight yellow cotton dress, one of her church dresses from long ago, appears on the edge of the woods, down the ditch and up again with teetering close steps in her worn brown flats. The rhinestone frames of her large round glasses cover half her small sharp face. This is what she always wears when she leaves the settlement, which is seldom. Sometimes it seems to Kim that what keeps her going, her delight even, is her neighbors yakking back and to about her missing out on the trip to heaven.
Kim claps her hands, shouting, “All right!”
She is genuinely glad Sis’ Shirley is going, partly for selfish reasons. If something happens to Kim and Shelton, she’ll be sure to take care of Adam. It’s a bit like cheating on her Christian beliefs again, because Sis’ Shirley is loyal to the other side and will hopefully fall under their protection, if for no other reason than the color of her skin.
Kim cannot decide whether she simply fell under the spell of Abdul Selah, like just about everybody else in the world, when he happened onto the political scene, or whether she believes he is the antiChrist, like most Christians believe, and has switched sides out of spite because she didn’t make the Rapture. Or maybe she’s afraid of the local branch of the World Government system if she doesn’t act the part of loyal follower. To Kim and Shelton, she claims to be proud of him because like her he is African-American and, for the first time in history, his people come first.
Regardless, as proof of her loyalty, she is wearing an old United States presidential campaign button on her chest with the tipped-up face, humble eyes and cocked ears of Abdul Selah when he was younger—VOTE FOR LIBERTY-SELAH! 
***Kim drives first, Shelton on the other side reading his bible like a map—and it is one. With every mile that passes she feels easier, not so afraid of being followed.
They’ve decided to drive dirt roads east to the Okefenokee Swamp: tinder-dry woods and dust like smoke flowing over, under and behind the car, but at least no traffic, nobody in sight. Sis’ Shirley is in the backseat behind Kim, and Adam is on the other side, clutching the Cabbage-Patch Jesus and watching the trees soldiering past outside the window. 
Kim wonders what he’s thinking. Is he remembering this morning and the witch in black trying to take him away from his mother? To keep from dwelling on Adam, and also to hear if Anna and Amanda Selph have made the news, Kim toggles the switch on the radio and turns the volume down low. 
Locally and globally horror stories of the biblical “wearing-down” of God’s people have been passed on to Kim and Shelton by way of the Land Rover’s radio: keep away from churches other than mosques; keep away from Christians with their propaganda talk; anyone found in possession of Christian material will be prosecuted as an example to others of like-minded superstitious nonsense. The scriptural “wearing down of God’s people,” Shelton and Kim agree, is in part brought about by the media’s coverage of every despicable, disgusting act they can scrounge up from any source. Though Sis’ Shirley is their main server of bad news, they have been unable to resist slipping out to the Land Rover on occasion to feed their fears. 
Before leaving, Shelton had had a talk with Sis’ Shirley in the front yard about calming down and not grabbing Adam all the time. At first, she fussed about his “judging” her, saying she’d be just as well off to stay in the settlement where she is always being judged and accused and made fun of. But when she realized that Shelton would let her go back, she climbed into the backseat and pulled the door to behind her. Pouting a bit but silent for a change. 
On the car radio: “The case of the missing millions, three and a half years ago, has now been officially declared the fault of violent global weather upheavals and is no longer under investigation by the World Government...” 
Shelton makes a cutting motion with his hand for Kim to switch off the radio and nods toward the back seat. Sallow in the greenish glare of the car’s window tinting, he looks tired and sad, but his brown eyes are just as piercing as ever.
Adam is sucking his thumb and staring out his window, then quickly checking in with his family, just in case. Yeah, Kim thinks, he’s remembering what happened this morning. Or maybe he’s heard about the Rapture and is afraid of everybody being gone next time he looks. Or maybe he’s made some kind of association between the two. 
She fixes Sis’ Shirley in the rearview, filing her square dark nails with an old metal file, and screwing her mouth because she’s dying to interpret the news in relation to some Scripture rolling around in her head. 
“Sis’ Shirley, have you ever mentioned the R-a-p-t-u-r-e in front of him.” Kim nods toward Adam.
She always gets loud when feeling accused. “Me? Huh uh! I hear a bunch talking bout it and him in hearing though.” She waves the nail file like a baton. “But I ain’t. I ain’t say word one about the R-a-p-t-u-r-e.”
“The Rapture,” Shelton says, looking up from his black leather bible, then twisting round in his seat. “Adam, nobody’s leaving you, ever. Right, Sis’ Shirley? Right, Kim?”
They have no idea, Kim thinks, how close Adam came to being separated from them all this morning. Yes, she did what she had to do. Then why is she hiding it from Shelton?
“Listen up,” Shelton adds. “There are no ends, only beginnings now. Get it, Sis’ Shirley?” 
Kim knows that at some point Shelton will get around to pointing out to Sis’ Shirley the difference in believing in God, going to church and good works, versus developing a personal relationship with Him. She dreads it, but she knows it’s important. Sis’ Shirley was raised in the church by a believing mother, and apparently thinks that her salvation was inherited. Talk about a flare-up! Or maybe not, since the man on her campaign button has obviously won her over. 
Adam slowly closes his big blue eyes and nods, sucking his thumb and clutching Baby Jesus. In the back of the Land Rover, in a dog-sized spot between boxes and cans of gas, Dixie stares out at the dust streaming behind the car. 
 “Would be something if it’d come up a rain,” Sis’ Shirley hums, brushing powdery nail filings from the black purse on her lap.
In other words, if it starts raining now, only ten or so miles from home, she can go back and not have to worry about fire breaking out and rushing through the settlement. It’s a threat. She’s simply missing being quarrelsome and the center of attention and trying to start a fight with Shelton. Kim imagines there was a real celebration in the settlement when they found out Sis’ Shirley was leaving—peace in the camp at last! And if she really wants to go back, that’s part of the reason—to show them she can. 
But Kim herself has told Shelton that she’s not going into the Swamp if it looks the least bit dry. Now, since her encounter with the police woman, she looks forward to the isolation of the Okefenokee, dry or not.
Almost every summer since she moved to South Georgia from Tennessee, after marrying Dan, fire has broken out in the peat bogs and woods of the great Swamp. Festering smoke would carry as far away as Atlanta and Miami, sometimes farther. Thousands of acres burned.
Kim’s private idea is to go on east to the Atlantic Ocean. She loves the seaside there—all that water after being out of water for so long. Sun in the rearview mirror, moon-like through the dust, she imagines Fernandina Beach, near Jacksonville, Florida, being just as peaceful and pure as it had been six years ago when she and Dan had gone there. She knows it won’t be that way now—if the news is right, there is danger and disaster everywhere—but it’s nice to imagine. She’s glad she has this built-in picture album in her head.

Chapter 19
Their first night is spent in the Land Rover, after supper out in the straw-dry woods.
Sis’ Shirley had brought sweet potatoes from her garden the year before, which she had baked over coals, along with what she calls “a pone of cornbread.” So good!
Kim and Shelton know for a fact that she hadn’t had a garden. Nobody had. It was to dry to grow sandspurs, much less sweet potatoes. Somebody’s sweet potatoes have gone missing.
They drink sparingly of John’s cleansed and relabeled aged water, as usual, but so far they haven’t gotten sick.
“So far, so good.” Shelton crosses his legs on the dried grass and pine straw and props back on his hands, staring up at the dust and smoke-dimmed sky.
Aircraft overhead and traffic from State Highway 94 remind them that they are never alone, and they don’t dare feel safe yet, if ever, for the coming three years, give or take a month or two. 
Sis’ Shirley is still on her best behavior. Sitting on the straw across from Shelton. She looks almost young, slim in her sunny yellow dress, but the expression on her face shows she is itchy and cross and in fact growing old. Kim suspects that it’s just a matter of time before the good behavior begins to shed and wonders if they should have brought her along. 
She keeps looking back through the russet woods toward the dirt road leading home, and Kim won’t be surprised if she suddenly commands them to take her back. Even the bad, once gotten used to, trumps the good. But no, she seems to trust Kim and Shelton to know best and to take care of her. She’s an “old maid,” as she often refers to herself, and old maids aren’t welcome in the settlement, and old maids have to at some point accept that they have to be taken care of. Before, she had the church, now she has nobody.
Her bottom lip puffs up as she looks down and centers her Selah campaign button. 
The young Selah, beloved by everybody, though less and less of late because he keeps breaking promises; his humble look has morphed into proud, and his eloquent speech has morphed into merely loud. 
Kim congratulates herself on coming up with a good, fitting slogan for the World Ruler. She wonders if Sis’ Shirley might be coming around soon to Jesus as Savior with her trust in Abdul Selah slipping away.   
Adam toddles past Sis’ Shirley and she reaches out for him. He steps away, holding one hand with the other, to keep her from grabbing him. “Be like that,” she says and sits back propping with her hands.
Shelton and she exchange looks. “It’s not so far that we can’t take you back.”
“Shelton,” Kim says. She really needs Sis’ Shirley. If something happens... She just needs her.
Earlier, just before leaving home, Kim had washed-up Adam for the trip and dressed him in one of her Buck’s outfits—a blue checked gingham sun-suit sent by her mother for later use. She always bought his clothes too big, for him to grow into, never imagining that he would have quit growing before he wore the clothes. Often, Kim feels her mind stick, unable to move, when thinking about Buck being stuck at the age he was when he disappeared; time and age moving on for her, and her son stuck at the age of two. She can’t lose this son, she simply can’t. 
Adam’s sun-suit is filthy now and he keeps shrugging one shoulder like she used to do to keep from answering, but his shrugging is to drop a bothersome shoulder strap of the sun-suit. 
She calls him to her where she is sitting on the pine straw next to Shelton and sets him on her lap and starts undressing him. His bottom is wet. But she’s done a better job of potty training on the road this long hot evening than she ever had at home.
She walks off with him, butt-naked, to let him peepee behind a withered orange wax-berry myrtle, one of the last bushes to hold its green after the drought got a grip.
Waiting, Kim hears Shelton reinforcing his earlier speech to Sis’ Shirley on caution when playing around with Adam. She seems to be mildly quarrelsome, defensive, but she gets it. Then she starts in on the radio news in the car—“I tell you things be bad all over. Last three years be the worse.” 
After they have cleaned up and scattered the potato peels not eaten, Shelton softly sings and prays and Kim nurses Adam till he falls asleep.
A mother’s milk, she knows, is the only whole food, followed by the egg, so she’s in no hurry to wean him. Three more years, if Sis’ Shirley is correct in her timing, won’t matter psychologically to the boy. As with everything in her life now Kim is passing moment by moment and doing what comes next and next and is for the best. Did she do what was for the best this morning? 
At first light, the next morning, they watch an orange fox, the color of the woods, scarffing down their scraps from supper the night before. He is all bones, eyes and furry tail. 
Sis’ Shirley thinks he is rabid and wants to drive up the road aways to pee and eat and get herself together. Generally moody in the morning, she gets all agitated in the backseat and Adam mirrors her behavior.
All that Kim has so carefully packed in back before leaving home has now unpacked itself—a mound for the dog to drape her body over. And besides she stinks of old-dog musk. 
Shelton makes Sis’ Shirley settle down and circles the Land Rover over the scratchy dead grass and briers and turns around, headed for the dirt road. He is almost there, out in the open, when Kim spies on her right a flash of light from what she suspects is an automobile hood on roof.
“Stop!” She throws out one hand the way she used to do with Buck when she had to brake abruptly.
Whoever it is has spotted them and is driving slowly forward to meet them when they reach the road. 
Kim feels her face growing white, prickles of fear like yesterday when the police car had stopped her. Could this be the same or another police car? Maybe the Land Rover has been spotted from the air by a helicopter and the law has put two and two together. 
“Jesus help!” squeals Sis’ Shirley. “Somebody coming to rob us.”
“Desus!” Adam cries, wanting his doll.
Dixie barks, high-decibel barking that echoes about the car. 
“Can you make out any details on the car, Kim?” Shelton asks.
“Not yet. Too dusty.”
Sis’ Shirley is totally panicked and Adam is squealing, trying to worm his way out of his seat. Sis’ Shirley picks up the doll from the floor and hands it to him. He takes it but continues to squeal and squirm, as if unable to stop now that he has started. Same with the dog, who is now swallowing barks and belching them up.
“Y’all pipe down back there,” Shelton says, adding, “Please.” 
“What we do now?”  Sis’ Shirley dips back and forward, her rhinestone-studded glasses on the tip of her small blunt nose. 
“I guess we just have to ease ahead,” Shelton says, “and pray it’s not a government patrol.” 
“Or one of them people after our food.” Sis’ Shirley peers between Shelton and Kim. “Hear tell they kill you over a pair of shoes.”
“Sis’ Shirley, do something with Adam, will you?” His screaming is driving Kim crazy, making her milk leak.
“Hush, baby,” Sis’ Shirley hisses at him. “You keep that up the po-lice gonna get you?”
His screaming changes to the sound of a siren.
“Sis’ Shirley, no.” Kim turns in the seat, set to slap her sour face.
Suddenly, she pops open the door on her side and sails out, slamming it and high-stepping toward the other car—yes, it is black—bunching the waist of her yellow dress in back so that it is caught in the elastic of her panties and the lighter wrinkles behind her knees are showing. 
“Kim, what?” Shelton almost shouts.
“I don’t know. Let’s watch. Give her credit. She’s not as helpless as she tries to act.” Okay, so the car is black but it doesn’t have a light bar on top.
“But what if she’s scared and decides to turn against us to save herself?”
Kim has already thought about that. 
Adam still rares in his seat and screams.  
Kim twists, knees in the seat, reaching back and flipping the safety latch on the baby seat. Baby Jesus tumbles to the floor as she drags Adam out and between the tall head rests. The dog hops over the seat and sits where Sis’ Shirley had sat. Kim sets Adam on her lap—“Shh! Hush, baby”—and fumbles a breast from her white shirt and lets the nipple pop into his mouth. 
He has to be terrified, reliving yesterday. His tiny heart is beating like the wings of a caught sparrow. All she knows to do is nurse him. It’s the first thing comes to mind. She’s used her breasts as pacifiers and bottles and stoppers for so long that they itch and prickle as if she’s been wallowing in nettles.
When Sis’ Shirley gets to the car, she leans in the open window on the driver’s side, talking, smiling; the only giveaway to her murderous nerves is the jabbing of her shoe heels in the boggy dead sand of the road.
She stands her tallest, still propped with hands on the downed window of the car. She points up the road, down the road, north and south over the woods. She nods. She hums and smacks.
Now Shelton and Kim can see that the person in the car is a black man wearing a cap with a logo matching Sis’ Shirley’s Selah campaign button.
Another minute and he takes off the cap and whacks her playfully on the arm. They talk in earnest for a few more minutes, and then when he starts to go, they make a big whoopty-do about parting, waving, him backing up and both laughing while Sis’ Shirley paws up the road.
She watches him leave, grinning, then stomps across the road to the Land Rover. Opening her door and letting the dog out, she slides in, humming and patting Shelton on the shoulder. “Ain’t bad for a old lady, huh?”
“What were you telling him?”
“Tell him I work for you folks, taking care of the baby, and we on vacation and have to stop to pee.”
“Did he ask about us?”
“Not so you’d notice. Y’all black as me through these tinted windows.” She fidgets, overly satisfied with herself. “Besides, he know ain’t no Christians gone hire a old lady wearing a Selah button to help raise their boy to stand up for the side of right.”
“Good, you did good, Sis’ Shirley,” Shelton says, eyeing her and smiling in the rearview. “Just don’t rub it in.” 
“God’ll get me, I know.” She folds over cackling, hanging one of her work-enlarged hands on Shelton’s shoulder. “Me and him, we talking bout the beast, my boy Selah’s bad car. Say can’t no bumbs or guns put a dent in it.”
“Sis’ Shirley, doesn’t that strike you as kind of strange—the beast? Same name given the antiChrist in the bible?”
“The car name that, Selah ain’t.”
While they argue good-naturedly Kim continues to nurse Adam—so happy to still have him—smoothing his blond curls from his forehead. She was right to do what she did yesterday and she was right about bringing Sis’ Shirley along.

Chapter 20
Shelton, driving east down the same dirt road, toggles the radio on and scans for music. Blips of news on every station and Sis’ Shirley gobbles it up like candy while Shelton, out of gratitude, feeds her more: China and Russia are still warring over Israel; a new virus has infected tens of thousands of China’s children; brown clouds of pollutants hovering over Beijing are causing health problems; a young man with a gruesomely painted black-and-white face went on a rampage at a Belgian Child-care center Friday, stabbing two babies and a female worker to death and seriously wounding twelve others. 
“What I tell you?” What I tell you?” Sis’ Shirley pipes from the backseat. “What worse than that, stabbing them babies?”  Finally, she has found the piece of candy that satisfies. 
“Cool it!” Shelton says to her face in the rearview.
Then at last a winter holiday song about snow and it ninety-seven degrees with hot breezes puffing about the car. To save on gas, they’d buzzed the windows down and switched off the air conditioner. 
After Kim had fed, washed up and changed Adam’s wet diaper she’d allowed him to nap in Sis’ Shirley’s lap. She rocks him gently while brushing back the blond curls from his pink face. “Ain’t gone let nobody take my baby. Ain’t gone let nobody mess with you,” she croons.
The spell is broken; she and Shelton are no longer on the outs. He allows her to boast and talk and carry on and even jokes around with her about what a great job she did with that man back there. She is the center of attention again, this time good attention, and she is loving it. 
Kim’s arms ache from tugging at Adam and holding him tight and it feels good to hand him over to another woman who loves him too. As obsessive and unhealthy as Sis’ Shirley’s love for Adam may be—much like Kim’s nursing him still—it’s just as necessary. She knows Sis’ Shirley would never allow him to be taken away. Her eyes sting thinking about those stabbed babies in Belgian. She wonders if the Child-care Center where the attack took place isn’t really an institution like the one the police woman told her about. 
“We should be getting close to Fargo.” Shelton says low, turning down the radio, whose music has faded into news—“polls show popularity of Abdul Selah is on the plunge due to broken promises and policies.”
He switches it off. “That’s the last of Sis’ Shirley’s news for a while.”
“But we’ll listen, right?”
“Some. When we have to.”
“I guess we’re not taking the highway?” Kim asks. 
“No, not till we have to. From Fargo to the park. We won’t be meeting much traffic because John says the government closed it down for lack of funding.”
He hadn’t told Kim that—maybe believing she wouldn’t go if she thought it was so isolated. 
Sis’ Shirley, in the back seat, now has her head tilted back, sleeping, with her pop-eyed glasses peering up at the ceiling. Even Dixie is sleeping, curled head to tail high up on a mound of bedding and clothes.
In Fargo, a little four-store town with a scattering of run-down, frame houses and a Methodist church, set back from the road, with a tall white steeple and a red sign on the door, Shelton takes a left and crosses a rusty railroad track and drives on past the facing buildings. All are dark inside behind broken windows.
The hot air smells of pine tar, smoke and dust, but the woods farther to the north appear to be the source of the smoke. The woum-shish sounds of the Land Rover passing buildings is all at once broken by chimes from the church’s steeple—“Nearer My God to Thee.”
Shelton and Kim look at each other, eyes filled with disbelief, with unasked questions. When the hymn is over, Shelton drives on.
Kim remembers the Catfish Cafe, stuffed with dusty “antiques,” deer antlers and crochet pieces for sale, from the weekend she and Dan had gone to the Swamp and rented a boat, then stopped back by to eat before the long drive on to Valdosta, sixty miles away.
Now the cafe with its rough cypress vertical siding and front porch is a splintered hull, though a few of the faded plastic flowers stuck into a bed of cypress mulch remain. It looks like a pet cemetery.
No sign of anybody as Shelton drives on up to the last gutted service station and turns around to head south and then east to the Swamp.
Ahead they can see the concrete bridge over the Suwannee River. A few small cinder-block and wood houses line the right side of the road, backed by parched woods.
“Do you think there are people inside these houses?” Kim asks.
All is quiet in the back seat.
“My guess is the good people are inside and the bad are out prowling.”
Crossing the bridge, they can see far below that the swift black water of the Suwannee has quit flowing and all that remains are puddles contained in bowls of white sand. The bristles of most of the tall cypresses, each side of the river bed, are the shade of dead straw, but many are already shed and the trees stand like poles with perches for birds if there were any birds but they are all gone.
At the turn-off leading straight to the closed-down park, the house on the left corner has burned down to its concrete foundation. A red brick chimney stands like a monument to the people who had lived there.
The supplies inside the car shift with various loud rattles and clanks as Shelton drives the Land Rover over a partially dismantled railroad crossing.
More houses on the left. All look empty. The old unpainted turpentine commissary has partially caved into the briers and weeds since Kim had last passed this way. Behind a large unpainted old house, Kim sees a woman in a white sweater pulled close dashing to her backdoor and staring out at the car.
Kim and Shelton had long ago quit wondering what other people thought about the seemingly sudden sorry mess the world is in; they figure most people, like themselves, are just trying to stay put and stay alive and hidden out from others who might steal what they’ve managed to save and destroy them.
Her son has never even played with another child.
“The quiet’s kind of nice back there,” says Shelton peering in the rearview.
“Maybe it’ll stay that way till we get to the Swamp. What? About twenty miles?”
“Give or take a few.” His solemn face breaks into smiling. He glances out then back at her; she imagines he is wondering what she thinks about the dead trees, shed and unshed, and the ghoulish, blackened fingers of giant ferns, withered palmettos and other bushes. 
“Do you think it’s safe to stay back in here?” she asks.
“Who knows? We can go on to the coast if you want to.”
She longs to stand on white sand with waves crawling over her feet like soft kittens and as far as she can see there is only blue water and joined sky. No. There will be people there, lots of people and police. She can’t risk Adam being taken from them. And the people won’t be like she remembers people when she used to be one of them. 
“We’ll scout it out here,” she says.
Dark clouds mixed with gray have been building overhead since early morning, so maybe it will rain.
“How much drinking water did John let us have?”
“Enough to last a several weeks, depending. Then we’ll be boiling to sterilize.”
“We can do that.”
“Yeah, if we can find the water.” He pats her knee closest to him. “Always water in the old Okefenokee. Probably one of the last places to go dry. We’re blessed.”
She smiles. “Yes.” She covers his scarred hand with hers.
They are quiet passing through the open swing-gate and brick booth where visitors used to stop and pay to enter the park. Left and right are bronze plaques with historical and geographical information and facts about the Okefenokee: Indian lore, battles won and lost; how many acres—half a million—are contained within the largest swamp in North America. Opening and closing time and regulations, other pertinent information no longer pertaining. 
Loose gravel spins from the tires of the Land Rover, pecking at the underside of the car. Warm breezes smell of pine tar and swamp mud as the clouds gather overhead and you can almost believe in rain again. If not for the fine sand wind-swept to the gravel road furling around the sides of the car and through the open windows.  
At the end of the road where the main channel into the Swamp is usually alive with fish-teeming black water it is mostly mud with a few large puddles bright orange from the reflection of dead trees. The woods all around look like rust and cast an eerie shade over six rows of unpainted cabins on the left.
Shelton brakes and puts the car in park while they look through the windshield. The two-room park commissary, built over the channel, has been looted with broken glass and trash on the surrounding wooden deck. A red Coke machine has been overturned, the metal back pried open and the walls kicked in leaving pools of light. 
On their right, the picnic area is a shamble of fallen oak limbs and overturned trash cans. “Hopefully coons,” Kim says.
“Okay, lady. Which house will it be?” Shelton puts the car in drive, heading left down a wind-swept lane through the dead oaks and pines, past the first row of cabins—some doors open and see-through broken windows with shudders flung wide.
“You pick.” She feels light with fear, seeing the woods so dry. The fact that no one else is here makes her doubly afraid. If the park is safe people would be here trying to get water and hide out. Well, maybe they’d all gone to the coast where even though the sea water isn’t drinkable it makes them feel less thirsty and safe from fire.
Shelton drives around to the farthest cabin, on the northwest corner, and stops on the woods-side of the house, hidden from the main road. He buzzes the windows up halfway, switches off the car and then motions for her to slip out quietly on the other side.
In the back seat, Sis’ Shirley is still sleeping with her head tilted back and her mouth open, revealing the gold tooth. Adam’s head is in her lap, thumb poised at his parted lips. Behind them, Dixie is flattened, belly-down, on the mound of clothes and blankets and sheets. One perked ear twitches, eyes open a peep, then close in her wrinkled square face.
Out of the car, heading for the cabin, Kim catches up with Shelton and grabs his hand. “Even Dixie’s asleep. Can you believe it!”
He squeezes her hand, walking on toward the small front porch facing woods on two sides. Warped wood benches and shelves line the edges of the porch. 
“I guess you picked this cabin because its windows aren’t broken.”
“Back off the main road too.”
They climb the wooden steps up to the porch covered in nail-pricked tin.
Kim looks out at the close dead woods and thinks about fire.
“Anybody home?” Shelton calls from the open door.
Kim wraps her arms around his waist, stepping forward with him. What will they see inside? All she can smell is pine sap, dried leaves and sunned wood. Not bad. She wants nothing this moment but to be alone with him, in-love and alone.
She wants to feel normal again and happy, giddy.  
“All clear,” Shelton announces. “So far, so good.”
Kim peeps around his side, taking in the dim, airless room with black and white bed-ticking cots along two unpainted un-ceiled walls, an old-timey pine chest and four splay-legged chairs at a small foldable table and nothing else. “Hey, it even has furniture.”
“Kinda dusty but we’re used to that.”
A loud roll of thunder from the west is followed by sudden rain like gravel tapping on tin.
“Shelton it’s raining.” The green smell of rain drifts on the air through the open door. A cool breeze lifting and mingling with dust. 
He reaches around for her, pulling her in front of him and breathing into her neck. “It’s raining, Kim.”
He leads her over to the cot along the east wall, pats the thin mattress down and flips it over, then lies with one knee up and pulls her to him. 
It’s raining.

Chapter 21
The rain lets up the next day, with swirling gray clouds promising more rain, not enough to get the Swamp back in balance, but enough to give Kim and Shelton a worry-break.
They are like eager campers trudging the dampened dirt from the car to the house to bring in bedding and clothing; Adam and the dog trail up and down the doorsteps in their muddy tracks. All food and drinking water stay in the car in case they have to leave in a hurry. Sis’ Shirley stays inside out of the “damp,” spreading sheets on the cots and tucking them in smooth as iced cakes, then stacking boxes along the walls. 
When she woke up in the car yesterday and it raining, she’d assumed they would be taking her home, but Shelton had convinced her to stay, saying rain is drawn to rain and that’s why there are deserts. Besides, he added, he and Kim need her to help out with Adam and protect them from people on the other side like that man yesterday.  
Adam doesn’t seem spooked by their new cabin in the midst of other like cabins. Even the shrill whistle-like chirruping of the frogs and the bellowing of gators don’t faze him. Once in a while Kim will notice him sucking his thumb with his wide blue eyes focused inward, and she feels sure he is remembering and worrying.
While Sis’ Shirley gets the house swept out and in order, Kim and Shelton walk the grounds checking for signs of other people having been there. Out of some no-longer-applicable teachings about not trespassing, and an instilled sense of uneasy gratitude about not paying their way, they don’t go inside the other cabins, just along the lanes between them and up to the ruins of the commissary. The trees are mostly orange, mirrored on the water, but at least they look wet, not dusty. Across the woods, like at the Suwannee River Bridge, blackened snags point up to the gray sky.
***Inside the store, they find scattered stained books and brochures and tiny plastic gator souvenirs and what looks like raccoon bones in the midst. There’s a strong smell of mildew and rot from the spongy wood flooring. 
“We’ve become hunters and gatherers,” Kim says. “It’s like we’ve moved backward in time, isn’t it?”
Shelton pins her with his eyes. “You’re right.”
In one corner, near the back, they find cane poles and later a pack of plastic grape worms for bait.
Shelton grins at Kim. “What you think Sis’ Shirley would say about a mess of brim for supper?” 
“She’d say halleluiah, praise the Lord. Me too.”
“I think she’d say halleluiah, praise Abdul Selah.”
“Maybe,” Kim says, looking around at the mess of paper and other trash. “But don’t you think it’s strange that she never got the microchip or the tattoo?”
“Well, yeah, that’s a point. Except she probably thinks that law doesn’t apply to her, since she’s like his own mama.” Shelton steps over a pile of pink fiberglass insulation mixed with chunks of sheetrock, then poses with hands on hips like Sis’ Shirley. “That boy shore done good for hisself,” he says, mocking her. “He sneak right in and take over the US of A, then next thing you know he be the ruler of the European Union. Next thing he be running nigh the whole wide world, and he ain’t done yet. Say, he going after...”
Laughing, Kim spreads one hand before his face to signal him to stop. “Okay, okay. But I’m still glad she came with us.” She knows he’s of the same mindset, recalling what happened yesterday, when he says, “Me too,” and soberly walks off. 
Going out to the deck over the channel, to find a hole with enough water for fishing, Shelton says, “Last time I went fishing everything had to be just so: best tackle, finest reel, weather perfect.” He holds out a hand to test the drizzle of rain. His narrow brown eyes beam in the neon brightness of the trees.
“Was with my daddy,” he continues, walking on with Kim by his side. “I was walking in a hurry from the truck to the boat at Lake Okeechobee landing. Done hauling all my gear and heading back to help Daddy with his.” Shelton slings his head, laughing. “He came around that truck and grabbed me by the arm as I was reaching over in back to pull out his old re-worked reel. He leaned up against the truck, facing me and said, ‘Now, you slow down. When you were little I didn’t out-walk you, did I?’”
He looks up at the rainy sky. “I wonder if he’s still around.” 
“I hope not.” 
“I should have called while I had the chance.”
“I have a few regrets along those lines too.”
“Your folks?”
“Oh, yeah.” She has more recent regrets. She starts to tell him about being stopped by the police officer—all of it. But then he walks off toward the side of the building to get their cane poles and the moment passes and anyway what would telling change?
***When they get back to the cabin, they have seven muddy catfish strung through the gullets on a palmetto stalk.
The smoke has almost cleared except for a light haze out over the woods. 
Adam has never seen a fish and at first he keeps backing away. Finally, he steps up and touches one of the overlapped fish, laughing, till he gets finned, then he cries for half an hour.
Shelton takes him out to the fire pit, a ring of granite stones, and lets him stay with him while he clears out the clotted smut and ashes and dirt with a spade he had found. 
Earlier, Shelton had convinced Kim that the bare dirt around the pit is damp enough to contain the fire inside. And that it is light enough out with the fire-toned trees to not be seen by anybody driving by on the main road. 
At a shelf along the edge of the porch, overlooking the pit, Sis’ Shirley and Kim strip the hides from the stubby bodies of the fish and place them in a gallon bucket of water brought from the channel.
When the oak fire has burned down to live coals and ash, Shelton places an iron skillet from the cabin over the coals and pours a coating of rancid oil from John’s store inside to heat up.
Seated on a bench along the edge of the porch, Kim nurses Adam while the fish fry. She is starving. It’s been so long since she’s smelled food cooking. Something she used to take for granted. Other things she’s taken for granted, but never Shelton, never Adam with his nest of silken ringlets. She thinks about denying Jesus to save her child. Has she committed the unpardonable sin? 
Inside the house, kerosene lamps are lit—Kim expects there are more in the other cabins and, manners aside, tomorrow she will search for them. Already Shelton has found another cot for Adam and slid it up to join with the one already there, like a full-size bed, so he can sleep in the middle, between them.
Full and satisfied, Shelton, Adam and Sis’ Shirley fall asleep to the sound of rain tapping on the tin roof. 
Kim rises from the cot and walks to an overturned five-gallon bucket near the window overlooking the other cabins and sits. The room is dark but there’s a faint glow, and yet she cannot see her hand before her face. She doesn’t want to miss the rain; she loves the sound. Though she cannot see through the dark she stares out anyway. 
“Lord forgive me,” she prays softly. But she no longer feels the cleansing warmth and peace she used to feel while praying. Probably because she doesn’t really mean it, she thinks. She’s done what she had to do and if that’s a sin, it’s a sin and she will have to pay for it. The unfairness of it all makes her feel angry and spiteful. 
Then a terrifying heat fills her and makes her heart quicken. She stands, placing a hand on the dark window pane, seeing nothing, but continuing to stare. What if she doesn’t make it to heaven again, this time with her second husband and child? She doesn’t remember what comes next, after Christ’s second coming and the War of Armageddon, but she seems to recall Sis’ Shirley saying that the Kingdom of God will be established in Jerusalem for His people. If Kim’s not one of them, will she start over with another child, another husband, and go through the same bitter joys and bright agonies she’s going through now?
***The next morning, while Shelton is out scouting the swamp and woods, Kim leaves Adam asleep with Sis’ Shirley and goes out the back door to the cabin behind the one they are staying in to search for another lantern, or maybe two. She has to put aside all qualms about trespassing; this is survival of the fittest and the same rules just don’t apply anymore.
Other than some high smoke, maybe from a lightening fire, the air is cleaner and cooler. But the gray clouds have taken on a brown tint, moving east. Dead pine needles drift down to the porch as the wind picks up, leaving more of the tall trees bare overhead and a flat mat of straw on the seasoned wood floor. 
Inside is identical to her own cabin, except that there is no kerosene lamp on the square fold-up table in the kitchen area and the windows are broken, all four, letting in the dust and blowing leaves and pine straw. 
She goes out the open back door and on to the cabin behind it—same condition at the first, except for a hardened bag of sugar on a shelf in the kitchen area. She leaves it.
Going out the back door of this cabin she decides to scout out the row of cabins running north to south. Surely one of them will have a lamp or maybe some oil and wicks at least. 
In the fourth cabin of the row, Kim shoves open the vertical wood door, expecting to see a near-naked room like the others. Instead she finds scattered trash and rags and empty food cans. Something smells moldy, filthy, and she has to pull the neck of her shirt up over her nose when she goes deeper into the room. Cots placed like the others but with dingy bedding and clothes heaped on the mattresses.
Near the back door she can see a kerosene lamp on the table in the kitchen area. She’ll just take it and go, she thinks, wading through the trash and rags, past one cot and then the other, the smell of filth growing stronger. But when she reaches the table and picks up the lamp she sees that the wick has burned down into the bowl and the kerosene has been used up. The glass globe is smutty; she’ll have to clean that.
She reaches for an old green flannel shirt on the nearest cot to take with her to clean the globe and her fingertips touch something warm and squirmy. She jerks back, bringing the shirt with her, and stands staring at a nest of mice in a cavity of what looks like a brown leather pouch. The mice scatter beneath the bedding and old clothes toward the head of the cot and then she sees a claw-like human hand next to the pouch. 
Wanting to run, but unable to move, she stands, breathing hard, and letting her eyes wander to the pillow where a head might be, but there is only a bump under the cover with dark matted hair fanned out on the pillow.
She drops the lamp in the bed of rags on the floor and it rolls beneath the table and stops at the wall. A horrifying racket in the closed room. Running for the front door, she clamps a hand over her mouth to keep from vomiting, to keep from screaming. She has to be careful not to wake Adam or let Sis’ Shirley know something is wrong; she has to find Shelton and tell him that just because there are no automobiles in the park, this cabin is not empty and possibly some of the others are inhabited by the dead.

Chapter 22
The weather is almost normal, cool with drifting leaves—a pretend fall. Kim loves to get out in the park with Adam and Dixie, just to walk and pretend too that there is no end to this period of relief. But according to Sis’ Shirley, there are more persecutions to be—just a biblical fact. 
When she’d taken Shelton to the cabin to show him the dried corpse where the mice had been nesting in its caved abdomen, she had expected him to say they would bury him or her. Her, they guessed, because of the long black hair. But he’d only guided Kim out the door and closed it and stood beside her on the porch layered in pine straw. 
“What, Shelton?”
“Let’s leave it. Think of the cabin as a sealed coffin and as for the others what we don’t know won’t bother us.”
“You mean, don’t go into any of the other cabins.”
“Not unless we have to.”
What would we have to for? She hadn’t asked that, because she knew he meant to search for food or blankets or clothes. Already it was getting colder.
Kim is always looking for smoke across the woods, but the sky is mostly floating thick brown clouds. She knows from listening to news on the car radio—something they seldom do anymore—that the brown is caused by clouds of pollution, resulting from the burning of fossil fuels and biomass, drifting across continents within days and reducing sunlight to the earth. This is not new news; only the deepening of darkness is new to Kim.
At least when the sky was gray, they could pretend that it might rain, but brown is the color of filth, the color of want.
***This afternoon Adam is wearing khaki corduroy overalls, holding Kim’s hand and toddling alongside. As always, Baby Jesus is dangling by one arm. Kim lets the dog run ahead to locate snakes; she feels guilty for endangering Dixie but...
A large black and white striped butterfly flitting tree-trunk to tree-trunk catches her eye, but she doesn’t say anything to Adam, just stops walking to let him find it on his own.
He stands still, looking up at her with those wide blue eyes, then out to where she is looking. When he sees the butterfly he steps forward, tugging her along. 
“Butterfly,” she says. “It’s a butterfly.”
“Butter.”
“No, not butter.” She laughs low—this is his first sighting of a butterfly.
Closer, but not too close, she takes one of his hands and shows him how to hold out his finger for the butterfly to light on. Uncertain, at first, his stubby pointer finger reflexively folds into his fist. 
“Hold out your finger,” she whispers, “and the butterfly will light on it.” Actually she doubts they can get that close, but they creep closer, finger up in the air now, as high as Adam can reach with Kim’s help. 
Very close, within feet, while the butterfly lights on a low dead branch of a pine tree, pumping its wings, Kim slowly, tenderly, guides Adam forward, till his finger touches the end of the branch, sliding nearer the butterfly. Then beneath the butterfly. Adam can’t help it, he laughs. In less than a second it flies up and away to another section of trees. 
“Did it tickle?” 
“Tickle Adam.”
“You want to try again?”
“No.” He catches her hand with the butterfly finger wiggling. “Go home.”

Chapter 23
Their days and weeks are unnamed, unnumbered. They know what period of the tribulation they are going through by worsening weather and Sis’ Shirley’s interpretations of Scripture. No more rain, only wind, lots of wind and the roaring thunder of dry storms. Elsewhere, all over the world, according to radio news, there are earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tsunamis, avalanches, twenty-pound hailstones and meteorite storms. They figure approximately how much time has passed by Adam’s growth and Sis’ Shirley’s lessening. Sis’ Shirley has lost so much weight, Kim worries she may be sick. Her glasses overpower her small frame. She is glasses and rhinestones and bones.
She’s still quarrelsome, a grumbler, but Kim and Shelton have learned to let her get it all out. Otherwise it goes on and on for days: sometimes she wants to go home to the settlement, other times she tells them what she would like to tell her neighbors—Kiss where I can’t. She goes on and on about “her boy, Selah.” He’s done more for her and the rest of his people that the Lord God has ever done. That’s when Shelton has to call her down and mercifully she retreats to her cot to pout. 
Their days are spent mostly inside the cabin to keep from breathing in the fowl brown air. Kim still nurses Adam, to keep her milk in case they run out of food. 
Once in a while they hear an automobile along the road leading into the park and even human voices, but they stay hidden except when Kim and Shelton put on their knee-high black rubber boots and go fishing at the channel.
Thanks to John, they have enough packaged and canned food to last for awhile, but they’ve had to start boiling their drinking water. It’s always a Russian-roulette risk when opening the relabeled, re-dated foods. Kim or Shelton eat first and wait before letting Adam eat. Then Sis’ Shirley takes a turn and lies on her cot waiting to die before popping up and going about her routine of tidying the cabin and watching out for Adam and spouting out interpretations of the Bible. In other words, while blaspheming, she still believes what she’s always believed. 
Kim knows her son has a birthday, somewhere in the lost dates; she knows it’s in the spring, May, but the seasons have blurred into the sameness of cold drifting brown.
They hadn’t anticipated the cold. All they’d brought was summer clothing and light weight jackets, because the weather had seemed as if it would always be hot. Now Kim’s beginning to think about all the clothes and bedding piled in the cabin with the corpse.
Following another light rain, during the long brown spell, four people in an old white van park in front of the closest cabin to the channel and end of the main road.
Nursing Adam, to keep him quiet, Kim sits on the overturned five-gallon can with Adam’s lengthening legs draped almost the length of her own. She watches with Shelton through the window as the group roll out of the van: two teenage girls, in blue jeans and dark jackets, who look enough alike to be twins, except that one appears to be pregnant, and an older woman and man.
Sis’ Shirley is seated on her cot, scratching Dixie’s head and hissing to distract her. 
The man is stooped and thick-set with longish dark hair curling around the edges of his green cap. Wearing a black zippered jacket and blue-jeans like the girls, he is carrying either a rifle or shotgun, the barrel of which is stuck out before him. 
Kim studies Shelton’s lean, bearded face for answers. Bad or good people? What will they find if they go inside the cabin, the first on the first row, where they are parked? Then she studies her sharp knees in blue jeans. She always wanted to be skinny and now she is. She used to get excited, after dieting and losing a few pounds, when her kneecaps would go from blunt to sharp. She liked looking at them through her jeans. 
All day the brown wind has been blowing and howling around the corners of the cabin like wolves trying to get in. The howling and the racket from brittle pine limbs dropping on the tin roof and pelting the un-ceiled walls have kept Adam edgy and whiney. Kept Sis’ Shirley pacing window to window. It’s too cold to open the doors and too dusky to keep them closed.
The wind is bad news, not only because of the tall, slender, buggy pines possibly snapping and falling on the roof but also because of fire carrying through the dry peat bogs in a flash. 
Yes, the water is drying up in the Swamp and they’ve watched the peat bogs turn to moist moss, then dry moss. 
All day Shelton has been out and in, checking on supplies and checking to be sure that the lane along the back row of cabins is cleared of branches and fallen trees.
They’ll need to make a quick get-away if fire comes.
Back to watching the group at the first cabin, almost diagonally across the camp from their own, Kim finds herself on the verge of tears, her chest swelling up with sadness. It shouldn’t be this way, people hiding from each other rather then helping each other out.
She feels sad for the teenage girls with wind-blown hair the same dirty blond as the mother’s, who is so thin Kim thinks she makes Sis’ Shirley look healthy.
The girls and the man trot back and to from the van to the cabin, carrying cardboard boxes. The mother doesn’t show through the door again. 
“What’s going on out there?” Sis’ Shirley says low. She is fiercely rubbing the thinning brown fur on Dixie’s back. Dixie plops down at Sis’ Shirley’s feet and groans. She’s had enough. 
And Adam has had enough milk. He wants up and Kim can’t keep him down without making him cry. His long blond ringlets are matted, a tangle she’ll have to do something with. She’s exhausted and empty and still hurting inside because of what they’ve come to—selfish and greedy.
She stands up. “Y’all wait here. If I don’t come back, maybe I’ll meet you there.”
“Meet us where?” Sis’ Shirley asks.
“No, Kim.” Shelton stands and bumps his chair back from the window. He looks stunned. “Where are you going?”
“To meet my new neighbors.” She rams her fists into the pockets of her hooded red parka.
Adam cries and clings to her legs till Shelton peels him off and she steps out the door.
The cold wind smells of sulfur, raw and damp and at the same time dry. Sand and oak blooms attack her face. She senses too much time in a day then not enough. 
She looks off the edge of the porch and sees the girls looking toward the cabin where Adam is wailing inside.
Taking one hand from the pocket of her jacket, Kim waves. They wave back hesitantly. She walks slowly, diagonally across the run-together packed-dirt yards of the cabins, hearing pine cones and twigs raining down on the tin roofs and the wind howling around the corners like warnings. Open doors squeak and flam open and slam shut. 
“Hello,” she calls out, when about halfway there.
The man steps around the corner of the cabin front with the long black gun aimed at her. The two girls stand behind him, one on each side, a head taller than the man.
She stops, rooting her feet for the blast. “I’m Kim, from over there.” She points behind her to the cabin with the child wailing like the wind.
“Who you got with you?” The man sounds gruff, but it is forced.
“My family. My husband and little boy and an old lady.”
“Come on.” He motions with the gun barrel. “Get on over here.”
When she is standing face to face with him, neither blinking, she speaks:  “We’re running too. Let’s help each other and share what we have.”
The girl on his right speaks: “Do you have food?” Both girls are freckled, very pale and very thin. The one on his left is the pregnant one.
“A little. Enough.” Kim says.
What if now that she’s said that, they go over to her cabin and shoot her family and steal the Land Rover with the supplies inside. Maybe that’s what happened to the dead person in the cabin that she had found. 
From the porch, the thin woman’s thin voice carries on the wind. “We have a little too. Enough.”

Chapter 24
For some time both families go through another period of relief, or maybe distraction, getting to know each other, spreading their food together, helping each other out and just being human again.
The girls, Laura and Lucy, play with Adam and the dog, giving Kim, Jean and Sis’ Shirley more time to get to know one another and do made-up chores. They shake out bed-sheets and blankets from their front porches; they scrub their twin black iron skillets together at the shrinking channel, now more mud than water; they swap food, a can of corn for a can of peas—peaches, Do you have peaches? Have a can; we have three. And when the days grow increasingly colder and darker, they share blankets; like the Indian squaws who used to home in the Swamp, they wrap them around their shoulders and let the corners drag the ground. 
Huey and Jean have winter clothing which they share with Sis’ Shirley, Shelton, Kim and Adam. His is a gray sweatshirt, belonging to Lucy, with sleeves cut to his wrists. They call it his “sweat-coat,” but it looks more like a bathrobe. Underneath he is dressed in layers of other clothing, trimmed to fit. 
Kim can tell that Jean—the narrowest woman in the hips that Kim has ever seen—is leery and suspicious of Sis’ Shirley with her Selah campaign button on her chest. When Kim gets Jean off to herself, she explains how harmless and confused and scared Sis’ Shirley is. Kim doesn’t go into her being ridiculed and mocked by her own people.
Sis’ Shirley goes through fits and spells of wanting to go home, or move on, but when Shelton explains about the condition of the world “out there” and how he and Kim need her to help out with Adam, she goes back to her routine of cabin-keeping and baby-sitting and preaching about the end-times.
Next time she pitches one of her fits, Shelton takes her out to the Land Rover and turns on the news and leaves her sitting behind the green-tinted windows. She stays for about five minutes and when she comes back she lies on her cot, flat on her back, and pulls her blanket up over her head. “They’ve killed my Selah,” she says. “They’ve killed my Selah.” Her voice is firm, riveted. 
“Killed him?” Shelton says.
“Dead as a hammer.”
***For two days she neither eats nor pays any attention to Adam. She drinks water only when Kim takes it to her on her cot. 
“Sis’ Shirley, you have to get up. It’s okay,” Kim says, standing over her while she drinks from a white cup.
She hands the cup back to Kim and lies flat and again pulls the blanket up over her head, her huge glasses like a prop over her head.
Adam beside Kim says, “Get up, girly.”
 Kim laughs, placing a hand on his head. “Get up, girly.”
“They killed my Selah and I wanta die too.”
“No, you don’t, I promise.” Kim knows from reading her bible and talking to Shelton that, if Selah is the antiChrist, he will be somehow resurrected by the false prophet, head of the new world religious system, in a fake show of the real thing. If this happens, Shelton and Kim agree, Selah will begin to strengthen in power by performing more amazing signs and wonders—though nothing to match his staged resurrection. But above all, for the redeemed after the Rapture, Selah’s dramatic resurrection means that their second chance is near, nearer than Shelton and Kim had supposed.
Now they listen for more news, not saying a word about the resurrection to Sis’ Shirley, in case they are wrong. They are amazed that Sis’ Shirley, with all her knowledge of the Bible, wouldn’t know about this resurrection too. They have times of hoping they are wrong and times of hoping they are right, but not for the same reasons Sis’ Shirley would hope they are right. 
On the news, word is that people all over the world are mourning the great ruler, Abdul Selah. Multitudes gather in Rome, where the shooting took place; they gather in Greece and Turkey, and even in Israel, though it is common knowledge that Selah and his band of government advisors had planned to do away with every Jew on earth. While Selah lies in state at an arena in Rome, people pass by his bier uplifted on a great mound of stone. 
The media interview common people and those in high places about their feelings on the assassination. All speak of him as the greatest ruler ever known: he was eloquent, intelligent and brave. He was “my Selah.” It’s as if ordinary words fail to express how they feel, so they must rely on superlatives, and “Se-lah! Se-lah! Se-lah!” as if trying to call him up from the dead.
Sis’ Shirley is still lying abed, wasting away, the blanket over her body becoming flatter and flatter, Shelton, Kim and Adam trying to rouse her, when on the third day Huey knocks on the door, then enters, saying “He’s been resurrected. He’s alive!” 
***If they had expected Sis’ Shirley to rise up braying and bragging about “my Selah,” they were proved wrong. 
Like Kim and Shelton and the others she seems genuinely shocked, shocked speechless. They figure she has known all along about the counterfeit resurrection of the antiChrist spoken about in the bible and this is it. The real thing. No more pretending that this man is the savior of mankind on earth, his power is from Satan.

Chapter 25
The pregnant twin, Laura, is only about three months along, if Kim is any judge. But she is so thin that her belly is round and tight and sticks straight out on her narrow frame. Kim doesn’t mention it to Jean, of course, but does say that Sis’ Shirley delivered her baby. She stops speaking when she realizes she has only a vague idea how long ago it was.
Shelton is relieved to have another man in the park—Huey—who is not only friendly, helpful and good-natured but he has a gun. They go out hunting and scouting together and even bring home an occasional squirrel or a jack rabbit for stew. Huey has found a thin trickling spring out in the Swamp and they bring home clear but sand-dregged water, more valuable than the meat. 
Those times with meat to cook, at one or the other cabins, are the best. Gathered around fires out in the yards, all wrapped in blankets, they turn and turn to get warm, waiting for the stew to get done, then pass before the kettle with Jean’s set of plastic bowls for Sis’ Shirley, wrapped in a blanket, her glasses spiking the fire-light, to dole out their half-cup  portions. 
Sometimes, because Jean and Sis’ Shirley are so thin and wasting away, and Laura is pregnant, Kim offers her portion to them. The women always refuse and say that Kim is nursing and needs to eat. But Laura takes the bowl and eats the stew without so much as a thank you.
Sitting cross-legged on a blanket with another around her shoulders, she eats without speaking or even lifting her eyes. Kim has seen her mother, narrow backside turned to the fire, looking the other way. 
One night, after supper, when they’ve all gone to bed, Kim and Shelton hear Huey shouting in their front yard. They go to the door and peer out, breath freezing on their faces. The roof light is on inside the Land Rover and Huey is standing at the rear, trying to drag Laura out of the car. In one hand she is holding the can of evaporated milk that Kim has been saving in case her milk goes dry. 
Laura scampers out and around Huey who Shelton and Kim can now see is aiming his rifle in the direction she has run through the dark. Then he lowers it and slumps off toward his cabin on the front row.
Back in bed, touching feet and hands with Adam tucked between them, they whisper about what has happened. “Do you think he would have shot her?” Kim asks. 
“Over a can of milk? No,” says Shelton. “She was probably trying to steal the car and he caught her and she just grabbed something to throw him off.”
But it is more than just a can of milk and Sis’ Shirley knows that. Later, when Shelton and Kim go to sleep for the second time, she apparently goes out and somehow gets the milk from Laura. When they wake up the next morning, the milk is sitting on a shelf in the kitchen area. 
Shivering, sitting on the side of her cot with a blanket over her head and only her bony face and glasses showing, Sis’ Shirley says, “That a bad girl there. Ain’t a good bone in her body.”
Kim, wearing her blanket, asks, “How did you get it from her.”
“Tell her it rotted and one sip gone lay her low.”
“And she believed you?”
“Don’t know but guess she figgered it could be.”
“Poor girl. She needed it for her baby.”
“She need it for that greedy mouth.”

Chapter 26
Every day the sky darkens more and the wind blows colder.
One evening the earth shakes for a couple of hours; the sky roars. In Jean and Huey’s front yard, cleared of pine straw and any thing that might burn or fall on them, they hover together around an uneasy fire, flames lashing at the quaking dark. 
Dixie barks and barks and lunges from the firelight to the dark, then back again. The earth rolls. Trees crack and crash out over the Swamp. 
“Land of the Trembling Earth,” Huey says. “That’s what Okefenokee means.”
Across the licking flames of the fire, the two men stand and talk, while the women sit and listen, and Kim nurses Adam on her lap. Sis’ Shirley, on the other side of him, keeps moaning and gasping with a trembling hand on Adam’s legs. Jean, next to Sis’ Shirley, only sits staring at the fire with her sunken gray eyes. She looks older and sicker and like a stranger in the firelight.
 Another tremor, cracking the bare dirt around them.  Off in the woods, trees continue to snap and crash to the ground. The wind picks up and they have to hold their blankets tighter. Kim is glad they can’t see beyond their circle around the fire, where the woods have to be opened up, revealing the rest of the gutted earth. She shuts her eyes pulling Adam closer to her breast. Lord, don’t let him wake up, she prays to herself.
Since he started talking Kim has found it harder to nurse him. She’s embarrassed for him. And Laura teases him endlessly, calling him the milk man. He repeats it, “Milk man, I’m the milk man.” Sis’ Shirley has threatened to pop Laura’s jaws if she keeps it up. “You don’t want some of me, old lady,” Laura said. 
Sis’ Shirley lowered her head, brown eyes rolled up on dingy flecked eye-whites. “Milk man, where I come from, mean a grown boy having things to do with his mama, or tother way round. So, don’t be pinning that name on my boy to have to live down till the day he die.”
“So who cares? Who’s here to care? What makes you think he’ll live to grow up?”
A tree closer by snaps and crackles and hits the ground. Dixie yelps and cowers behind Shelton on the other side of the fire from Kim, then she bounds back to the dark, barking. 
Laura curses, and then stands, gathering her blanket around her and walks off to stand on the edge of the firelight where Dixie joins her. Lucy waits a few minutes then rises and goes to stand with her sister and pats Dixie on top of her head. The ground within their circle looks like moles have been tunneling.
“I think it’s about over,” Shelton says to Huey. “Don’t you?”
“Sounds like it.” 
Then they pick up their conversation where they left off, maybe to make the women feel that things are back to normal. Huey tells about them driving from middle Louisiana to the east coast, and then following the coast north in search of a place to hide. They had lost their home during Hurricane Katrina, way back, and were living in one of the government trailers where “things got really bad after people went missing.”  His voice gets low, for Shelton’s hearing only. Then louder he says that he had read about the Okefenokee Swamp and decided that was the best place to “wait.”
Shelton and Kim eye each other across the fire. 
*** All night they stay, feeding the fire. Kim dozes off with the nipple of her breast touching Adam’s puckered lips, and him stretched out with his upper body on her lap and his folded legs blanket-wrapped in Sis’ Shirley’s lap. His girlish curls fan out on his blanket. The girls, rolled in blankets, as close to the fire as they dare, sleep on. 
When the chocolate sun rises above the trees in the cloudy brown sky those awake are amazed that aside from the thinning of the spindly black forest, nothing much has changed. As the wind picks up for another trying day, they just stare, wondering, relieved. If they have made it through this, there must be a reason; there must be a God with a purpose for them.

Chapter 27
Huey tells Shelton and Kim not to tell the others but China and Russia have been messaging each other with nuclear missiles, resulting in what the environmentalists call nuclear winter. He says that many towns in Israel, and even Egypt, are being bombarded by a world-wide army put together by “the antiChrist.”
“What are they fighting over?” Shelton asks. 
“The Promised Land.” 
“Why?”
“Oil.” 
This is the third clue from their neighbor that he knows what is taking place.
After that, he and Shelton talk openly about the bible’s prophecies and guidelines to the end-times, about what phase of the tribulation they are going through now. From the radio news they learn about falling brimstone, meteorites and stars shook from the sky all over the world. From the radio news they learn about a seventy-two-year-old man, in Australia, enslaving his daughter for twenty-four years in the basement of their home. The young woman gave birth to seven children—four of whom had vanished during the “mysterious global weather upheaval.” The others, born later, had been forced to watch their father repeatedly rape their mother. 
Huey tells Shelton and Shelton tells Kim: “For most of us life seems short, too short. But can you imagine how long a minute must have seemed to that young woman?”
Both agree that this is the most evil act they’ve ever heard of and that surely God won’t allow such evil to continue. Both agree that so far God has spread a shield over the Swamp to protect them and their families and they are blessed to contend only with earthquakes and the threat of fire. 
They thank Him; they thank each other.
***Lucy, with her mother’s sewing scissors, cuts her daddy’s hair first. She has brought a straight chair out of their cabin and set it up in their wind-torn front yard. Huey’s hair clings to his head and curls up around his cap line. When Lucy gets through cutting and combing, his hair still clings to his head but the curls have flown to the swamp, like seed-hair for a next or next generation of souls trying to maintain flesh.
It’s too windy for a fire, so the hair cuttings are part distraction from the cold and part necessity to keep what little dignity is left them. The surrounding woods and swamp are kindling waiting for a spark. They are so cold that their toes and fingers and noses are numb—have long been numb. Still, they prefer the outside to the inside of the close dim cabins, where their imaginations work overtime from the many windborne spooks apt to break in. 
Only Adam has the energy to move about and warm up. So, they watch him, delighting in at least one of them being nourished enough to move without joints aching and teeth gritting against the cold.
They’ll be starving soon. And if they don’t die of starvation, they will die of thirst and if they don’t die of thirst they will freeze to death. Simply bracing against the cold is a labor. 
Huey and Shelton have located another spring. “But it’s a trifling one,” Huey tells them.
Knowing all this makes them think about other places they might find where disaster hasn’t touched. Illusions of sunlit sand and blue skies tease and test their sanity.
They’ve only to look at the shrunken bodies of Sis’ Shirley and Jean to see their own fate in the flesh.
When it’s Shelton’s turn for a haircut, he sits in the chair with his knees spread and his boots laid over on the sides. “Not too short or I’ll freeze to death.” His face and hands showing from beneath his army-green blanket are grimy with smut from building fires and keeping them going. No water to spare for washing, so they all smell of smoke, look smoked.
Everybody except Laura is gathered around for the show. All laughing and joking in spite of the cold and the brown wind and their diminishing supplies. Adam, prancing about in his gray sweat-coat, has pink wind-chapped cheeks and bright eyes. Kim is so thin that she’s had to safety-pin pleats in the waistband of her jeans. 
Seated in the chair for Lucy to blunt-cut her straight brown hair, Kim watches Adam with Baby Jesus playing with Dixie. His blond ringlets hang below his shoulders. It’s bad enough, Kim thinks, that she has to nurse him, at six years old, but to allow him to look like a little girl is a disgrace.
When Lucy is done, Kim calls Adam to her and tells him to sit in the chair. She drapes the blanket around his shoulders and says to Kim, “Cut.”
Everybody gets quiet, watching Kim, watching Adam, watching Lucy with her silver scissors in the air. 
“You’re kidding, right?” Lucy says.
“You not gone cut that baby’s curls off,” Sis’ Shirley squeals. “Don’t let her, Shelton.”
Shelton nods. “Cut.”
“Yeah, I’d say he’s about due for a haircut,” says Huey.
Jean says, “Lucy, you used to have curly hair just like that.”
“Now it’s straight as a board.”
The first ringlet falls to the blanket and rolls to the cracked bare dirt and keeps rolling in the wind till it takes flight like a silver chrysalis. Kim longs to pick the next curl up but she doesn’t; she only stands watching while another and another ringlet falls and rolls and flies up toward the brown sky. 
Lucy is on the last ringlet when Kim hears the distant roar of an automobile. “Somebody’s coming!” she shouts. 
Huey cups one ear to listen, then heads for the house with Jean, Sis’ Shirley and Lucy following. Kim scoops Adam up from the chair before Shelton can reach him. He starts to cry and she shushes him. “No, baby. No, be quiet.” Then they run together toward Jean and Huey’s cabin, up on the porch and through the door. Kim’s face is bloodless from the exertion. 
Huey is standing off to the side of the window facing the main road, with his rifle pointed down at the floor. 
The others stand still along the north wall.   
“Dixie,” Shelton says, pale and breathing hard. “Where’s Dixie?”
Kim sways Adam, pressing a hand on back of his head and smothering his crying with her shoulder. They can now hear what sounds like a truck, coming nearer, almost into the main part of the park.
Shelton steps out from the group along the wall and quickly crosses the room to the other side of the window from Huey. 
Jean whispers, “Where’s Laura? Oh, my God! I thought she was in here.” 
“I saw her earlier walking out near the picnic area,” Lucy says. 
They can see the picnic area from where they are standing. 
“Maybe she’s out in the woods,” says Sis’ Shirley, pulling her blanket close at the throat. 
Dixie starts barking from the front yard where the hair cuttings had taken place, then her barking moves out, circling the cabin. 
“Uh oh,” says Shelton. “Too late to get her in.”
Huey sees the truck first and steadies his rifle. “It’s a blue pickup with two guys in it.”
He and Shelton lean into the wall by the window to keep from being seen. 
Kim watches through the window as the truck passes the cabin, slowing, with Dixie trotting behind, continuing to bark. 
Within seconds, out of sight, both truck doors open and ease shut. 
Shelton peeps left out of the window.  “They’re out of the truck. In the front yard.”
Dixie yelps, quits barking, and they hear her hop up on the porch and settle whimpering by the door. 
Adam lifts his head from Kim’s shoulder, eyes squeezing tears, crying low. She eases over to the cot near the kitchen area and sits and unbuttons her shirt and pulls him to her breast. His hair is gapped and feels prickly. 
The side door of the van slides open with a squeaky, grating sound. “They’re in the van,” Huey says and lifts his rifle higher but still pointed down.
“Huey, no,” Jean whispers, her long skinny neck stretched. “You don’t know what kind of weapons they have.”
“She’s right,” Shelton says. “We probably should stay put and hope they’ll get what they want and go.”
“They must have kicked Dixie,” Lucy says. She is leaning against the wall, listening, staring down with one filthy tennis shoe propped on the wall behind her. She lifts her head, green eyes pale in her freckled face. “What will they do with Laura if they see her?”
Nobody answers. Their smoke smell fills the room. At first they feel warmer inside but the warmth fades to a kind of growing cold glow.
They can hear the two men talking in the van and bumbling about, sliding things and slamming them down. 
“We can’t afford to lose any supplies.” Huey stares up at the nail-pricked tin. At the sound of the wind blowing twigs onto the roof and flailing a loose sheet of tin on one of the other cabin roofs. 
Kim thinks about how they’ve been spared so far, about the earthquake and the dry woods that haven’t yet caught fire. If there is a God it would stand to reason that He wouldn’t bring them through all that only to have them robbed and killed.
Adam is dozing, sucking, but Kim knows it won’t last.
Jean is praying, head bowed, whispering to herself. 
Sis’ Shirley has turned, facing the wall with her blanket over her head. She is wearing white knee socks and black clogs with the backs walked down. Her ankles are like sticks. 
They hear the two men talking outside the van, and in a few minutes they hear them drop something over the side of the truck into the bed. 
Dixie barks a couple of times and then goes silent, pressing on the door with her body as she settles in again. 
“Can you see them, Shelton?” Huey whispers.
“Not yet.” His head is just shy of the window glass, pressed sideways into the frame. 
One truck door opens and then the other and both slam shut at the same time. Or was it only one?
“Any sign of Laura?” Jean crosses her arms. She has keen features, keener for being sick. Her small brown eyes are sunken. 
“No,” Shelton whispers. “Okay, they’re cranking up. Backing out. Turning around. Don’t move, everybody.”
Adam sits up in Kim’s lap, gazing around at each of them with his blue eyes blared, wondering. Poor little boy. Kim pats down his shingled hair. How can they expect him to not be alarmed, to not hear? He’s not an oblivious baby anymore. 
Listening to the truck fading out up the road, they all begin talking, letting out their held breath. Then they hear it stop again, near the last row of cabins. 
“They’ve spotted the Land Rover,” Shelton says, heading for the facing window overlooking the block of cabins. 
Huey follows him with the rifle, boots thundering across the room.
“Lordy me! Won’t they ever be gone and leave us be?” Sis’ Shirley backs to the wall with her brown face tilted up, her sparkly glasses tilted up. 
It’s a while before Kim realizes that she’s tilting her face that way to keep her glasses in place.
Very quiet, very still, Adam presses his head to Kim’s chest as if listening for her heartbeat. She’s sad thinking about him having to live with such dread and fear, but then she thinks about those children in Australia forced to watch their mother being repeatedly raped by her own father, their father. 
Lucy opens the door quickly to let Dixie slide inside. She switches her tailless backside and goes down the line along the wall, licking a greeting. Her ribs show beneath her fur, which is beginning to bare and look like hide. She stops when she gets to Kim and Adam and drops at their feet with a sigh. 
The men at the window overlooking the cabins whisper, mumble, while the women and Adam wait for a report.
“What Shelton?” Jean asks.
“We can’t see them. We can’t see the Land Rover, so maybe they can’t.”
“They’re out on the road, I guess.” Huey adds. “But what are they doing?”
“I’m going to peep out the back door,” Shelton says. “Everybody stay put.”
He creeps to the back door, cracks it open and stands peeping out. The wind tries to push it shut. Only seconds before he closes it again. He turns. “Give me the gun, Huey.”
“Why? What’s going on?”
“Just take care of the women, will you.”
“You’ve got two shots, that’s it. Be careful.” Huey hands the rifle to Shelton, acknowledging that the women are to be shielded from whatever is going on out there.
After Shelton slips through the front door, the women stare at one another. Finally, Jean asks Huey, “What do you think this is about?”
He steps to the back door, starts to open it then stops with his back to them. “I think we all know Shelton well enough to trust his judgment. If it’s something we’re better off not knowing, let’s keep it like that.”
Lucy nods, staring away at the front door. 
The others stare at each other.
Kim imagines it has something to do with Laura, but what? If she is about to be kidnapped, or raped, or killed Shelton will need Huey’s help to save her. But why don’t they hear her screaming, calling for help, trying to get away? 
All is quiet except for the wind blowing twigs and that lonesome sheet of tin banging on one of the cabin roofs.
They are all shaking now, breathing into their hands to warm them. Jean’s kneecaps quiver. 
“I hope they didn’t find that canned ham you’ve been saving, Mama.” Pitifully thin, still standing along the wall, Lucy bends forward and holds her thighs.
“Me too, Sweetie.” Jean’s long drawn face is a picture of suffering. She had told them before about the ham saved for a special occasion, but nobody could ever determine when that occasion would arrive or what it would be. It was just something to look forward to, and once the ham was eaten they would have nothing else to dangle beneath their noses to keep them moving ahead.
And yet the ham had become a test of their honesty and trust of each other. On their hungriest days, they thought about it obsessively and even talked about it—not a ham but the ham.
At Lucy’s mention of the word ham Kim’s mouth started watering. She turns Adam on her lap, facing out. She is glad that at least one of them is full and healthy. But she knows her milk can’t last long; she is too weak and drained. Her chest feels hollow, her breasts slack.
Huey is back at the window facing the road and the picnic area. The moss in the big oaks has taken over the leafless branches, dry moss in clots with dead brown streamers blowing in the wind. Long wooden tables and benches almost covered in fallen limbs and dead leaves. But the wind has blown all the paper trash Kim and Shelton found when they first got here off into the Swamp, leaving a void of color.
“Can you see anything from there?” Sis’ Shirley says to Huey, then ambles over to the other cot and sits.
“No, nothing. They’re too far up the road.”
“What would they be doing to stay here so long?”
Nobody answers. Nobody knows.
“Come sit here, Jean.” Kim scoots over on the cot for her to sit. 
Jean walks over, her roomy brown pants not even touching her flesh, and sits beside her. She smells of the menthol ointment she rubs on her chest when the pain in her bones gets too great. More for distraction than healing; there’s nothing to be done for her. 
Lucy slides down the wall to the floor and sits with her bony knees up. 
***The waiting is exhausting and they have to eat soon. Adam is asleep on the cot behind Kim, and Dixie is asleep on the floor at her feet. Kim just wants water; her tongue feels thick and dry, her throat parched. 
Then they hear the truck start, a heavy ratcheting sound moving up the road slowly and leveling out to a purr. 
Huey leans into the window with both hands propped on the frame. “Here he comes,” he says. “He’s got Laura with him.”
They all gather behind him, peering around his thick, solid body to see Shelton in his black leather jacket, cowboy boots and jeans, rifle barrel pointed down and the strap of a black canvass tote slung over one shoulder. Laura, in a long black coat, walking a little behind, is carrying before her swollen belly a cardboard box, the wind twisting and wrapping her long blond hair. 
“I can’t wait to see what she has to say for herself,” Sis’ Shirley mumbles, saying exactly what Kim is thinking. 
Puzzled faces turn on Sis’ Shirley, as if she has spoken some truth and they are waiting for more. Yes, how did Laura get into this and how did she get out of it? What was it? 
One following the other going to the door and stepping out to the porch, they wait for Shelton to speak, for Laura to speak.
They just stand there, out in the yard, staring back at everybody on the porch. 
Shelton steps forward and hands the rifle to Huey. “Thanks, old buddy.”
Laura steps around him and places the box of canned food on the edge of the porch. Shelton takes the strap of the black tote from his shoulder and passes it to Laura, who receives it with a sneer and a glance of those cold green eyes. Then she walks up the doorsteps onto the porch and goes inside.
 As she shoved past Kim, nearest the doorway, she smelled food, salt, something meaty and spicy.
***Later, when they are alone in their cabin, sitting on the edge of their cot and holding each other beneath a shared blanket for warmth, Shelton tells Kim that the thieves were women, rather than men, and Laura had met them up the road and offered them food in exchange for taking her with them. She sent them after her clothes and told them where the ham was hidden in the van, along with the other cans of food. When they came back with Jean’s ham and insisted on eating it at once, she had been unable to stop them so shared it with them. 
“They were filthy, freezing, starving,” he says, kissing her on her cold nose. “Like everybody else, out looking for food. Trying to survive.” 
“So you gave them some of Jean’s canned food and sent them on their way?”
“That’s the gist of it, yes. You should have seen them, babe, chomping down on chunks of ham torn by hand from the can. The saddest thing you’ve ever seen. Said they hadn’t eaten in over a week.”
“But Laura... Laura’s been eating what we eat; we’ve never cheated her.” 
He shakes his head then rubs his scarce black beard. “Laura’s a lost cause: greedy, selfish, out for herself and to hell with everybody else.” 
“Poor Jean and Huey.” Kim moves closer, pulling him closer with an arm around his waist. “Poor Lucy.”
“Yep, how’d you like to bring somebody like that into the world and have to put up with her?”
“So you’re not going to tell them about what she did, about the ham?”
“No. I don’t have the heart for it. They should have guessed by now that she sent the girls after her stuff. Let them figure it out about the ham. It won’t take long, not and us so low on supplies.”
“I still don’t see why those girls weren’t afraid if Laura told them we were here and her daddy has a gun.”
They are never warm till they huddle close and touch skin. It feels so good and Adam is sleeping with Sis’ Shirley under a mound of blankets and quilts. Shelton and Kim feel less guilty to be alone, touching and warm, for having sacrificed all blankets but one.
“We don’t know what she told them, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she convinced them that we would hide. That we are beaten down and harmless.” 
“She should be made to leave, Shelton. You should have let her to go with them.”
“I thought about that, Kim. But she’d have just come back with them and we’d have more trouble on our hands. More mouths to feed.” He wipes his face down as if to wipe away what he’s thinking. “Let’s just keep our trouble in the camp where we at least have some hope of managing it.”
They kiss then and lay back and roll up in the blanket like a cocoon. 

Chapter 28
Jean and Kim have grown close. They tell each other about their doubts and fears for themselves and their families. But Jean is also growing frailer, sicker. She no longer plays house with Kim doing made-up chores.  
When she takes to her bed, Kim sits beside her and bathes her face with their precious water. Her blond hair has gone wispy and pinkish-gray with exposed scalp and her face is drawn and shrunken. She reminds Kim of the shrunken head she’d seen on Ripley’s Believe it or Not on TV. 
With Lucy and Sis’ Shirley’s help, Kim bathes Jean and changes her into the cleanest of Huey’s long, dingy-white thermal underwear. Her skin is the same shade. They bury her under most of her hand-stitched quilts. They feed her, they turn her and when she starts shivering either Lucy or Kim slip into the bed with her and hold her close. Her body is all bones and heated skin.
She sleeps, she wakes, and sometimes she and Kim talk, but never about the ham for some special occasion, never about Jean’s daughter, the traitor in the camp, swapping food in exchange for a ride out of the Swamp. Kim tells Jean about her ailing faith since she denied Jesus to the police woman to save Adam. She tells about the signed papers swearing never to speak the name of Jesus again.
While Kim talks, Jean stares at her with glassy eyes. When she is done, Jean places a vein-strutted hand on hers and speaks in a stunted voice. “I’m ashamed to say it but I don’t read the bible much either.” She pats Kim’s hand.
The wind whips at the north side of the cabin and whistles through the seams of the window frames, rattling the frames.
Kim is stunned that Jean thinks she wouldn’t have read her bible. It hurts. She says, “I used to...I mean a lot.”
Jean rolls her head on her dingy pillow. “Interesting.”
Kim tries to look away, at the clutter of clothes on the next cot and the cot by the door. Why don’t the girls clean up? As if in answer, Laura shouts at somebody outside—“Hell, no. I said no!”
“After people went missing, Shelton and I both decided it was the Rapture. He lost his wife and I lost my husband and son, and then when we got together, we wanted to make sure that didn’t happen again.”
“I see.” Jean yawns, covering her mouth with the hand she’d placed on top of Kim’s.
The cold room is stifling with the sour smell of fever and the oily kerosene of their lamps, even with the drafts around the windows and door. They have flashlights too and have given one to Shelton and Kim. 
Kim thinks that Jean doesn’t see and it makes her mad and she is ready to go back to taking care of Adam and let Lucy and Laura and Huey take care of Jean. After all she’s done for this woman!
Still she’s determined to convince her, something she never would have done before. “I left my bible with a Muslim neighbor back home but I’ve memorized much of what I’ve read.”
Jean’s eyes close on crinkled lids. Kim thinks she is asleep again. She starts to get up and go.
Jean opens her eyes, straining to speak louder. “I guess you missed the part about Peter denying Jesus three times before He was crucified.” 
“No, I’ve read that; I know what it means.”
“What?”
“Well, it means that...that Peter was given another chance.”
“Yes, that’s true, but think about how quick Peter was to repent and move on and how God used him.” Jean sits higher, inching her way up with her back against the wall. She groans. “Could you hand me that cup of water, please?”
Kim moves toward the make-shift table, an up-turned wooden crate, by the head of the bed. The white cup is half-empty, the water sandy. She hands it to Jean. “I’m sorry. You don’t need to talk.”
Jeans sips the water and hands the cup back to her, touching her hand with her icy fingers and keeping them there. Their eyes meet. “What happened? Why didn’t you make the Rapture, or do you know?”
“I do know. I didn’t believe.”
“Do you now?”
“Yes.”
“What do you believe?”
“In Christ. That Jesus is the son of God.”
“But you don’t believe his word?”
“I do. I try to.” 
“You either do or you don’t.” Jean lets go of the cup and lies back, closing her eyes and pulling the layered quilts higher with her bony fingers hooked over the hem of the top quilt. “I want to tell you about me. About what happened to me.”
“Okay.” Kim is shocked at how quickly the little bit of color she had drains from her face. Is she in pain? She has to be cold because Kim is freezing, shaking beneath the blanket wrapped around her shoulders.
“We had a nice home, before Katrina.” Jean waves her hand. “Nothing fancy, mind you...but that’s another story. 
“Anyway, you can’t live in the South and not believe the Christmas and Easter stories. But that’s not really trusting in God for your needs and going to Him with your troubles. I never did. I didn’t know him, understand?”
“I do, yes.”
“I knew Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny. A fluffy coconut cake  was Easter.” She opens her thin eyelids and her nickel-plated, fevered eyes stare into Kim’s eyes. “It’s doubly hard this time, but I’m finding that I’m not alone like I was before and somehow that makes everything easier. When I’m hungry, it’s okay. Even sick as I am, it’s okay. His hand is on me; His spirit is in me.” Her eyes brighten, then tear up. “I have that assurance of Him seeing me to the end. What can beat that?”
Kim nods.
“God knows our hearts. He made us. He understands how human we are because He made us that way. He didn’t leave you that morning you denied him, and he didn’t leave Peter when he denied Him. You and Peter were the ones to walk away. But after the resurrection He came back for Peter and He’s coming for you.”
“How do you know that?” Kim begins to cry with her cold fist pressed against her nose. “How do I know that?”
“Because you have love. You’ve proven your love for your neighbors and God is love. It’s no accident that we came to you and you came to us. We didn’t just need the food you shared with us; we needed your love.”
***The time comes, as Kim guessed it would, when they have to go into the other cabins to search for blankets and food. Shelton and Huey have been finding dead fish, gators, rabbits, and unidentifiable husks of other animals and reptiles—all starved or diseased, they supposed. They’d long quit seeing animal tracks in and around the Swamp.
Shelton tells Kim that he and Huey will search the cabins. But Kim volunteers to go in Huey’s place, since Jean is on the edge of death and Huey doesn’t need to be confronted with possible scenes of death like the one Kim witnessed while searching the cabins for lamps.
Out in the nasty brown air, freezing in their layered clothes and blankets, so weak they walk like two old people, they make their way, north to south, cabin to cabin. Shelton going first to spare Kim, though she needs no sparing. She’s beyond shock; this is a matter of survival. This is what you do when you get almost to the end and know it but struggle on anyway, if only for one more day.
 Sis’ Shirley is giving up, giving in to whatever sickness she has come down with. No fever, she says, but she aches all over. She’s having trouble “passing water.” Kim thinks she may be in renal failure. 
The first four cabins are empty. Shelton and Kim suspect either the park service hadn’t furnished them yet or someone has burgled the cabins. Adam had wet one of the pushed-together cots in their cabin and they’re in the market for another cot as well as food and blankets. 
Fifth cabin, end of the row: The door is open and Shelton steps inside. 
“It’s a mess,” he says.
“Good,” Kim says, “finally something to plunder.”
She peeps around him, her eyes traveling from cot to cot and the floor heaped with piled twigs, moss and snapped branches.  She’s so weary, cold and hungry that she sees spots in front of her eyes.
“Some animal den, I guess.” Shelton steps forward and stops and holds out his right arm to bar her from entering. 
Wrapping her blanket tighter around her body, she waits, smelling rotted meat. “Is there a body?” she asks.
“I don’t know. I’d say deer meat or rabbit has been dragged in here by a bear.”
“A bear!” Reflexively she gazes out at the woods, all around the park, up in the brown sky. “Shelton, no. That means....” 
“I know what it means.” He turns heading out to where she is standing. “We have to tell Huey, but not the others. No use in scaring everybody. This is fresh, but up till now we haven’t seen sign one of bears.”
She stands staring into his deep brown eyes. Neither saying what they are thinking: that they are about to change from predator to prey. Kim recalls something from the TV channel, National Geographic, a saying: The object is to be predator and not prey; the object is to live another day. She’d never dreamed it could apply to her. 
Kim has thought about death by thirst or starvation or cold, but not by animal, which has a more real and tangible feel. A power beyond her body and resolve to protect Adam from.

Chapter 29
On an icy morning, Huey sends Lucy over to tell them that Jean has died.
It is all matter of fact and no one cries except Laura, who seems to think that her mother’s dying is all about her.
Since they found out Jean had leukemia, Sis’ Shirley had been trying to build Jean’s blood with canned beets, which nobody begrudged her and, if tainted, may have been her doom instead of the cancer.
The cold and wind and dense brown air are one misery combined and doesn’t leave much space to mourn some poor woman who has at last found a way out.
Late evening, when the wind dies a little, Shelton and Huey dig the grave in the soft earth of a peat bog. The others, draped in blankets, gather around the rooty sod mounds and watch as they lower Jean’s body into the grave. She is wrapped in one of her patchwork quilts—the Wedding Band pattern. The pastel colors stand out like flowers among the brown and wheat tones of the parched dirt. 
Adam, on Kim’s hip, twists his head side to side as if expecting something more entertaining to happen. His nose is running and his cheeks are chapped and red and he keeps wiping his nose on the blanket he is wrapped in. 
Kim thinks about the bear’s den in the cabin. She can imagine a black bear plodding through the thinning black woods in search of food. She longs to get back to the cabins, which she can see to her right, blocks of drab wood in the putty-brown light. In one of the cabins she and Shelton had found a rusty can of rancid lard which they’d lugged home because it was all they had found and they’d had to find something. They are running out of food and the bear has to be running out of food too.
Shelton and Huey pray first and then Kim, who, because of Jean, now can pray. She prays for a long time, standing in the windless cold, in layers of clothing, asking God’s blessings on each of them, and for His strength to make it through the Tribulation and hold fast till He comes to take them home. She prays for Laura and her baby, for Lucy with a soft heart, for Huey to continue to be helpful and caring of others and not despair, for Shelton, her gift of a husband, for Adam her next first son to be spared from the persecutions that she and his daddy have brought on themselves. Then last she prays for Sis’ Shirley, huddled against the cold on Kim’s right, her friend and helper, who she cannot imagine living without; she prays that Sis’ Shirley’s goodness will be imputed as righteousness and righteousness imputed as faith. Like Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Moses. 
 Standing around the open grave, Lucy prays in a low teary voice. Amen. And then just as they are about to open their eyes and go back to their cabins, Sis’ Shirley lets out a wail. “My Lord, my Lord, don’t forsake me. Don’t leave me here when all these good folk go home.”
In the queer brown light and concentrated cold her shrunken face seems to glow beneath her brown skin. She cries openly behind the brace of glasses, while they hug and kiss her wet face—all except for Laura, standing aside at the grave of her mother. Then she says she feels light-headed and Huey and Shelton have to guide her, one on each side, back to the cabin and her cot. They pray over her and with her while Kim and Adam stay at the other cabin with the girls.
Since Laura turned traitor and told the starving girls where to find their food stores, Kim and Shelton try never to leave her unguarded and alone.  
Laura goes straight to her cot and lies down, tugging a filthy white blanket up to her chin. Her rounded belly looks like a beach ball she’s clutching.
Kim has learned from Jean that Laura had been caught up with a group of marauding Goths and had come home a year later, pregnant and on drugs.  She had cut herself to “mincemeat”—Jean’s word—with razor blades and knives and hardly a part of her body was un-pierced. She had burns on her belly and breasts and weighed less than ninety pounds.
The girl, turned toward the wall now to keep from facing what is coming, as well as her sister and Kim, is shaking and crying low. “I don’t want to have this baby,” she ekes out. 
“It’s okay,” Kim says, sitting beside her on the edge of the cot.
Lucy standing over them joins in the chant. “It’s okay, it’s okay.”
“It is not okay,” Laura shouts. “The world is shot and no place for a baby.”
Kim turns her to face her by touching her shoulder. “Don’t you know that soon your baby won’t be here to suffer?”
“You don’t believe all that crap. I know you don’t.”
“Laura!” Lucy scolds.
“Well, how would she know? Nobody else knows what the hell is going on.” Laura sits up, blasting her sister and Kim with hot breath and a demon yell. Her even yellowish teeth are embedded in puffy diseased gums. “It’s the environment, stupid!”
“I’m going to check on Sis’ Shirley.” Kim stands, going to the cot by the door where Adam is napping. She feels truly afraid and truly foolish for fearing a frail girl in this condition.
Jean never really ventured into telling her whether Laura had changed after she got home. Obviously not. She had told Kim that Laura wanted to have an abortion, but she and Huey had forbidden it.
“Get the hell out of here!
As Kim, carrying Adam, is going down the door steps, Lucy pops through the door holding her ears and follows Kim through the brown twilight to her cabin to get Sis’ Shirley, Huey and Shelton to come help.
Laura’s shouting and screaming wake Adam, and he clings to Kim, saying, “I wanta go home, I wanta go home.” 
Lucy tries to calm him; she tries to take him from Kim who can barely walk for his twisting in her arms. 
Dixie appears behind them, whining and reaching up to lick Adam. 
They are almost to the cabin when Huey and Shelton step down from the porch. “What’s going on?” Huey asks. “Is it the baby?”
“I think so.” 
“She’s gone crazy, Daddy.” Lucy wraps her body with her long arms. 
Shelton tries to take Adam, to calm him. “What happened to him, Kim?”
“He woke up to hear her screaming and he’s been like this ever since.” 
Adam leans into Shelton’s arms, then back to his mother. “I wanta go home, I wanta go home.”
Dixie whimpers, licking as far as she can reach.
Kim believes that at six, three years since they left the little house along the dirt road, he likely wouldn’t be remembering that place as home. This would be home to him.
“I wanta go home. I don’t wanta go with her.” 
Laura is still screaming, ranting, cursing.
Okay, got it, Kim thinks, he’s remembering the woman law officer trying to take him from her. 
“Nobody’s going to take you, understand?” She wipes his wet eyes with one hand. His face is crusty and cold as ice. 
“Lucy, will you stay with Kim and help her?” Shelton asks. “Tell Sis’ Shirley if she’s up to it we might need her over at your cabin.”
Kim walks off toward the front of her own cabin, hearing Laura’s screams ripping about the park. The sun is down and the brown has thickened to the shade of coffee.   
While she nurses Adam, by lamplight, Lucy sits on Sis’ Shirley’s cot and watches, biting her bottom lip. “I’m sorry.”
Kim, teary-eyed, shakes her head no.
Dixie lies at Kim’s feet, dozing and waking and whimpering. It’s as if she too has decided she wants to go home. 
Adam is quiet now, almost asleep, his long lashes dewy with tears.  How could she have thought he’d forget such a terrifying episode? Maybe she should have talked to him about it, let him hear her telling Shelton about it. 
The wind howls around the corners of the cabin. “Lucy, will you hand me another blanket to cover him with?”
Lucy pulls a blanket from the layers on the pushed-together cots behind her. Gets up and gently covers Adam on Kim’s lap.
“Thanks.” Kim is so tired, so weary, so sick of this crazy trying. The kerosene stink from the lamp is cloying suddenly when she’d never thought much about it before. Nothing’s working, nothing can work. So why are they still carrying on as if something will change?
They can still hear Laura shouting, screaming and Huey shouting back at her. The wind howls, howls. No, it’s Laura howling. 
“She must be having the baby.” Lucy sits with her elbows on her knees and her green and brown blanket draped about her shoulders. Her blond hair is hanging straight down as she stares at her ratty, worn gray and pink athletic shoes. She looks up at Kim as if for reassurance.
Kim doesn’t give it, not even in a look. This is life as it is now, all there is till they’re as dead and dried as the corpse she found. Still, she feels the need to go to Sis’ Shirley at the other cabin and help out with whatever they have to do. She thinks of it as doing what comes next and next and for the best, habit, but her heart’s not in it.
When Adam is fast asleep, his eyeballs not moving behind the lids, Kim places him on his cot butted up to hers and Shelton’s, covers him tightly and picks up another blanket and swings it over her shoulders and gathers it close against the cold. 
“Keep Dixie here and watch Adam for me, will you?” she says to Lucy, who has moved over to Sis’ Shirley’s cot, watching Kim. “If he wakes up, bundle him up and bring him to me.” No please or thank you or sorry to ask you to do this. 
She picks up the long black flashlight from its spot next to the kerosene lamp and goes out the door to the freezing wind, back to its job of misery-making. The batteries are so weak that she is following only a small spot of light, as she heads out through the dead trees, trunks making a creaking sound where they rub together. 
The wind whips at her blanket and carries the loud voices from the other cabin. Every other word, “Laura, no.” “No Laura.”
Kim is about halfway there, halfway to the framed yellow lights of kerosene lamps, as seen through the windows, when she spies something white flash from the back door and fly past the cabin behind it, with a trailing scream. 
Everybody inside the cabin is shouting at once, “Laura, no. Laura come back.” Huey’s voice hooting above the rest. 
Kim can see all three of them gathered on the porch, peering out into the dark. Then she sees the flash of white pass behind the next cabin. And then the next, circling back, not twenty-five yards from where she is standing with her dot of a light-beam. 
The bear is no more of a threat to Kim now than the wind and the cold and the demoniac girl.
 She means to block Laura from crossing the imaginary line she’s drawn between Laura and her own cabin. To keep her from waking and terrifying Adam again. So, she stands, flicking off her flashlight to be invisible, and also to better see Laura dashing about in her white gown or blanket or whatever. 
Finally, she slows, still screaming and crying now too, bending, standing, squatting and moving on. Slowly this time, but her screaming still sounds like it is trailing.
If she would steal Adam’s milk, she might harm him. And what about the ham she stole from her own mother and all of them starving? She might try to steal the car to leave as she had tried to with the girls she sent to steal their food and get her clothes. Following that bit of mischief, Shelton and Huey had started keeping their keys in their pockets. 
The three faint figures on the porch head inside and in a few minutes come out with one flashlight, calling, “Laura. Hey Laura.” That’s Shelton. “You get yourself on back in here. Don’t, you gonna hurt that baby.” Sis’ Shirley. “Laura, behave.” Huey, the blocky one in the group now about halfway between Kim and Laura.
Their blankets flap in the wind like wings of bats, like Halloween spooks.
“Kiss off!” Laura moves faster, closer to Kim. She steps behind a thick pine tree creaking so that she thinks it might fall. Cold couldn’t be any colder or black blacker. 
As she crosses Kim’s imaginary line, getting nearer the cabin where Adam is sleeping and Lucy is probably listening, torn between going out to her sister or staying where Kim has told her to stay, Kim steps toward her, switching on her flashlight. Dead, no light. 
Almost eyeing each other in the blind dark, Kim rushes her, grabbing her around the waist, front-on, and wrestling her to the ground. She is all teeth and nails and bony elbows and knees, except for her round, hard, knotting belly. 
The others surround them, pulling Kim away and laying hands on Laura, dragging her toward her cabin. All talking at once and making no sense. Laura breaks free, moving again, flashing white as she circles the cabins on the other side of Kim’s imaginary line. She doesn’t realize that Shelton is holding her back, struggling with her, till he says, “Kim, what? What are you doing? We’ve got to get her back inside.”
All four wander around, calling, “Laura,” losing sight of the flashing white, then finding it again. But she’s always moving in the opposite direction, screaming, stumbling, falling. Amazingly sprite for a cold and starving woman in labor. 
At last, maybe an hour later, maybe two, in the glowing brown of twilight, when she falls, she doesn’t get up.
“Slow now,” Shelton says low. “Don’t spook her. Let’s just move in close and pick her up and carry her inside.” 
But when they get to where she is lying on her back with her long thin legs folded beneath her lower body, she is unconscious, either fainted or in a coma.
Leaving Laura in the care of Shelton, Huey and Sis’ Shirley, Kim goes back to her cabin to check on Lucy and Adam. Both are sleeping in cots on opposite sides of the dim, freezing room. Adam in the same place and position as Kim had left him. Dixie is oddly fast asleep, same spot on the floor, in a tight curl. It comes to Kim that the dog must be getting quite old by now; she has a beard of white hairs running the length of her chin. She’s been through so much with them and is always last to get fed and watered. It shouldn’t be that way; she thinks about how pampered pets used to be before the world as they knew it blew up.
She thinks about Laura’s baby, reluctant to be born, or is it the mother refusing to let go? Such misery, torture. Maybe prolonged labor because of a strangled umbilical cord. Kim has heard of that. So much suffering.
So sleepy and tired and cold she feels as if she’s walking on lead legs, she goes out the door to the slap of cold, hearing a loud crash and jolt from the other cabin and Laura screaming, “Get the hell out of here.”
Inside, the men’s feet scuffle and pound on the floor and then Shelton shouts, “No, Huey, no” and then a shot fires, and Laura’s screams stop. 
When Kim gets there she finds Laura on her cot with blood spurting from her chest and spreading on the front of her white shirt. Huey is standing over her with the gun pointed down, at rest. There’s an unmistakable smell of gunpowder, overlaid on kerosene and blood that smells like mold. Shelton is standing on the other side of the cot, gazing from Laura to the brief span of floor between the cot and the wall. 
Kim’s eyes follow his as she eases into the room and light on Sis’ Shirley sprawled on her back with her arms wide and her head jacked up against the wall. Her bristly gray hair is pushed up on the crown, her eyes rolled up and lightless and her large rhinestone glasses, on the floor next to her, twisted and broken. 
“What happened?” Kim goes over and kneels beside her. Then she sees the sharp rising in the center of Sis’ Shirley’s chest. “What happened?”
Shelton speaks, “Laura kicked her; her heart must have stopped. We’re not sure.”
***Stunned and sick when the brown light of morning comes, they bury Laura next to her mother with her baby nestled inside her bony body. 
Then they bury Sis’ Shirley on the other side of Jean.
Lucy, with her long lank hair fanning in the wind picking up, stares at the three graves. Her shoulders are slumped and her green and brown blanket fans about her wan body. Kim thinks it’s often the way that when one child is good and the other bad, the good one suffers from lack of attention. How could twins be so different? She wonders whether under such circumstances the good child is good because she’s witnessed the bad behavior of the other and instinctively does the opposite. She knows it’s true that the bad child is the center of the family’s attention when she realizes that Lucy’s mother had never mentioned a thing about Lucy’s past, only Laura’s. 

Chapter 30
With so many immediate deaths, Kim becomes obsessed with losing Adam or Shelton. She feels desperate, itchy, especially her breasts, even while trying to rationalize her faith in God.
She doesn’t tell Shelton. This is between her and God.
She questions all the what-ifs on her list right after the Rapture, which is again beginning to sound like bunk to her.
It’s the environment, stupid!
She has times of remembering Laura as lovely in her sin, and even envying her in her drama before her daddy shot her. To put her out of her misery? To silence her?
She thinks about the way Laura would hang a foot behind her, those long slim legs in blue jeans, altered by her mother to make room for her unwanted baby. She thinks about how Laura would dangle a black sandal, her small toes likely freezing off, and smile with dead-on eyes. She had been the total opposite of the others. Something untouchable about her. 
Kim imagines her life as a Goth and all the good-feeling drugs and sex and nothingness. Just being, feeling good and who gives a shit, as Laura would say.
She wonders if Shelton wasn’t a little bit in love with Laura, and such wondering leads to anger and more wondering the same till she is back to doubting the Rapture. It’s the environment, stupid.
Well, regardless they are nearing some kind of an end; they can’t possibly survive in the dirty brown air, without food and water, and the cold wind in a heartless world.
She watches Shelton reading his bible while she’s pondering all this. She watches him play with their son, who is now pale from lack of sunlight, though okay in the nutrition area, she’d like to think, since somehow she manages each day to dose him with her milk.
Her breasts itch constantly. She needs more water to make more milk but is afraid of drinking up Shelton and Adam’s share.
***Days later, in the early hours of another brown morning, Lucy and Huey drive over in the white van to say goodbye. Kim wants to beg them to stay. She is so lonesome with the wind and the brown and the black snaggled woods apt to burst into flames.
“Where are you going?” Shelton asks Huey.
“South. Just south. No destination.” His hands are in the pockets of his black nylon coat, lined in fur. His neck is scrunched, invisible under the collar and his thick dark hair. His large face looks thicker too, his large nose like a speckled toad.
“In that case you’ll be needing more gas.” Shelton turns toward the Land Rover, on the other side of the cabin, with Huey following, protesting.
They come back lugging a red five-gallon can each and place them in back of the van.
Kim thinks that must mean that she and Shelton and Adam will be staying in the swamp till whatever, whenever. 
Back to where Kim and Lucy are standing, the men square off with each other. “Thank you, buddy.” Huey sticks out his hand to shake and Shelton takes it, pumping it for what seems like a long time. 
“What about supplies?” Kim asks. “Do y’all have plenty?”
He smiles at Kim. “Enough.”
Dixie is lying on the front porch by the door, old for sure, but seeming only lazy and content. Last week Kim opened the can of evaporated milk and has been rationing it to her to make her stronger. She rests her head on her front paws, peeping out, dozing. Her donkey ears twitch, a plea for silence to allow sleep.
In the dead dirt of Shelton and Kim’s front yard, they hug their neighbors goodbye and bow their heads to pray. Then each of them go to their own automobiles and bring back something to give to the others—woman to woman and man to man, and Lucy, by virtue of suffering, is a woman now. 
Kim brings back their last can of peaches and hands it to Lucy, with her hands held behind, shy-looking in her paleness and quietness, uncomfortable as center of attention with her sister gone.
Taking the peaches in one hand, she pulls the other out and presents Kim with a pair of small white shoes, strings tied together, for Adam. “Mama saved these for me after I grew out of them. I found them with the family pictures she’s been dragging pillow to post.” He’d been wearing Kim’s shoes with paper stuffed in the toes after he’d outgrown Buck’s white brogans. 
Shelton gives Huey his black plastic box of fishing tackle. “I can’t take that. What if you need it?” Huey tries to give it back, but Shelton shakes his head. “No, man. I won’t be needing it where I’m going.”
Huey takes it, grumbling about it being too much and to prove it takes a cellophane wrapped cigar from his shirt pocket and waves it in front of Shelton’s face before handing it to him. “Thanks, man.” Shelton sniffs it, then sticks it in the pocket of his gray tee-shirt under the black leather coat earlier given to him by Huey. 
Adam, in the yard next to Kim, grabs the shoes and stumps over to the doorsteps and begins taking off Kim’s shoes and putting on the ones from Lucy. He is wearing his long gray “sweat coat” with layers of clothing underneath that make him look sturdy, though his skin is too pale and his eyes are too pale. He has the wide-eyed querulous look of third-world starvelings. 
Dixie stretches with her paws on the floor and her behind in the air and then ambles over to sit next to Adam. Lucy walks over to help Adam lace up the shoes, and while Shelton and Kim talk with Huey, she tries to teach him to tie a bow. 
The wind picks up and Lucy and Huey have to go to the van for their blankets to wrap around their shoulders. Shelton and Kim go inside and bring one out for Adam, who is following Lucy about the yard with Baby Jesus hanging by one arm, and a blanket each for themselves. 
Nothing else to say now, so lingering from the yard to the van, they say good-bye again. It’s time for Lucy and Huey to go. 
 “See you, man.” Shelton in cowboy boots waves to the brown sky as the van backs out of the lane, then he walks up on the porch and stands leaning on a post with one boot crossed over the other.
Kim stands in the yard with Adam, waving till the van turns off the lane to the gravel road and disappears behind the vertical, log-like wall of dead pine trunks. No color anywhere. 
Shelton steps down and drops to the top doorstep, fingers latched, watching Kim watch the van disappear. “I’m about ready to head out too,” he says.
“Where?” Kim looks back at him.
He snaps his fingers and taps his boot toes, singing in a Tim McGraw falsetto: “Got a date with a lady at the beach.”
Fernandina Beach, yes! She will find God and purpose again at the beach. An open horizon of aqua sea and sky scroll up in her imagination. 
“We’re going to the beach, Adam!” She dances around with his small cold hands in hers. “We’re going swimming, Adam!” Dixie circles them, barking.
“Beach?” Adam looks up at Kim.
“You know, water, bud?” Shelton kicks down the steps to the yard, and joins them circling and dancing. “Lots of water.” 
Adam plops to the ground. “I’m scared. I wanta go home.”

Chapter 31
Crossing the long arched bridge over dry marshes, leading to the ocean, they watch a skinny old man, weather-beaten and bundled in rags, with a shiny fish, not four inches long, dragged from his rattle-trap of a bicycle by two young men in layered, raggy black clothes. 
After they club the old man with baseball bats to an unconscious state—maybe death—the one holding the fish by its tail jogs off, the other pedaling the old man’s bicycle.
Earlier, before Shelton and Kim reached the bridge, they’d been almost car-jacked by a gang hanging around an old, closed-down barbeque shack. Waving tire tools and steel bars, they had stepped out into the road, bent and bouncing toward the front and sides of the car, leering, shouting. Filthy in their pieced-together pants, shirts, coats and hoods, two hopped up on the car hood, jumping down and hawing as Shelton swerved and sped up. 
Before that, a black patrol car had tailed them from one red-light town to another, at least ten miles. With Adam screaming, “I wanta go home.” Kim, shushing him, kept trying to buckle him into his car seat. But he’d long outgrown it and Shelton kept shouting for her to stop, to sit down and be still. “I wanta go home. Don’t let her get me.” Adam had worn himself out before the police car suddenly turned off down a side street, motoring on. Kim couldn’t stop shaking.
Dixie in her spot in the back with the dwindling supplies and cans of gasoline, depending on the circumstances, slept and woke and barked. 
While Dixie slept and Adam slept Kim started to tell Shelton about the police woman stopping her near Valdosta before they left home, but she was too tired, not ready, and besides her fear had set off something like rebelliousness inside. 
For the rest of the trip, till they reached the bridge, she just sat with her head back, eyes closed, clenching her teeth.
***When she opens her eyes, Shelton is watching her with a lit cigar between his lips. 
She rises high in the seat and watches the wind blow the dry marsh grass like waves on water. She can smell the salt air and what she likes to think of as fresh caught shrimp, but there is no denying the brown clouds traveling with them. There is no denying that they are denser, broader, darker, almost covering a white rose blooming in the sky, east over the sea.
Adam has made up a song and is singing, “I’m a milk man. I’m a milk-man.” He sings it a couple more times then says, “What’s a milk man, daddy?”
Shelton fixes him in the rearview, puffing on the cigar. “Uh, I don’t know about that. What you think, Mommy?”
Suddenly Kim feels light and giddy. She laughs out. “Oh, no you don’t,” she says to him. “He asked you.”
“What’s a milk man?”
“Well,” Shelton puffs. “I’d say it’s a woman, like Mommy. She’s the one carrying the milk.”
Kim laughs again. This is getting really funny.
“But I’m not a woman, am I?” Adam asks.
“No. Of course not. Laura just called you that because you’re still nursing Mommy and you’re a big boy.”
“I’m not doing it anymore, Mommy.”
She looks back and his chin is up, the back of his head pressing the tweed seat. He seems to be thinking about what he’s gaining by giving up the breast. “Maybe I’ll do it for awhile, Mommy.”
“Okay.”
“I’m scared.”
“Nah, we’re not afraid, are we?” Shelton looks goofy, slunk low in the driver’s seat, with the lit cigar in his mouth.
Kim waits for Adam to say, “I’m scared,” and when he doesn’t she takes it as a good sign.
She speaks loud to be heard over the cold rushing wind through the windows, partially let down to vent Shelton’s cigar smoke. “You know what I’d like, Shelton.”
“What, babe?” Shelton puffs on the cigar hanging from the corner of his lips. His eyes squinted from the smoke.
“I’d like a tall icy marguerite with a little striped umbrella sticking up.”
He grins. “Me too, babe!” 
“You know what else?”
“What’s that, babe?”
“I’d like to close my eyes and open them to a blue sky.”
“Go for it, babe.”
She closes her eyes and there it is—a blue sky. She opens them to brown. “Didn’t work.”
Adam has picked up the jingle again. “I’m a milkman. I’m a milkman.”
“What about closing your eyes again and don’t open them till I tell you to.”
After a few minutes and nothing, she has to place her hands over her face to keep from peeping—five minutes, at least. 
“Okay, open your eyes, babe.”
The Land Rover speeds up a long hill of sand dunes and blowing sea oats and brakes at the top. Nothing but murky brown water with bulging waves, festering waves that rupture on the filthy shore and brown sky as far as the eye can see.
***It’s too cold and windy to go down to the beach, littered with drowned sea weed and wood-not-of-the-driftwood kind and gray iron rebar wedged into dirty white sand along the in-slush and out-slush of battering waves. But Kim is determined to have her son experience the ocean even though it bears little resemblance to the real ocean, the one she has known and loved. He doesn’t know the difference, she thinks, that it should be blue and clean, rather than brown and murky. It no longer smells of salt or fresh-caught shrimp, but of rotted fish and something chemical. Like the weed-killer her daddy used to spray on unwanted weeds in their yard each spring and summer. Weeds now resemble weeds then, after weed-killer. 
Leaving Dixie asleep in the car, she and Shelton wrap Adam in a blanket and Shelton carries him down the slope of dunes to the wet sand where the tide has withdrawn, depositing belly-up jellyfish, fish skeletons and hulls of crabs. 
Ahead is a strand of isolated beach and further on what looks like a broken pier, half in the ocean and the other half on shore. 
Adam wants down. Shelton stands him on the sand and together they walk him down-beach veering right, away from the rolling surf of the in-coming tide bearing down on them. 
His teeth are chattering and theirs are too and they are constantly on guard for one rolling wave that might venture from the fold of the snarling tide. He laughs and races ahead in his long gray sweat-coat and white shoes from Lucy, squatting to check out a bone or a broken shell, the plastic collar of a six-pack of sodas, and a tin can long ago tossed from a boat.
At one point, while Adam races ahead, looking back now and then maybe to be sure that his mommy and daddy don’t get raptured without him, Kim spies a hypodermic syringe tumbling on the waves. She doesn’t mention it; this is down-time from worry. 
About a mile down the beach, Kim begins to see human heads intermittently appear behind the dunes, maybe ten or twelve in head-rags and hoods. She tells herself they could consist of only three or four, the same people moving along with them and peeping over to watch them.
When Shelton says, “Let’s move closer to the car,” she knows he has seen them too. 
 Sticky with salt and smelly with the weed-killer chemical they make their way back to the Land Rover, with the heads behind the dunes popping up like a magician’s trick. The tide is almost in, only several yards from the line of dunes where the Land Rover is parked. 
Adam running ahead, and Shelton and Kim walking faster to prevent him from getting too far ahead, Kim asks, “What do you think they’re up to?”
Shelton shakes his head, the wind whipping black tendrils around his pale face. “Just keep walking. We’ll be to the car in a minute and we’ll move on.”
The heads still pop over the ridges of dunes, but now Kim is sure there are only four people: blue-striped scarf with fringe blowing in the wind; black hood; black hood with pompom; green hood with a flatter crown. And then soon all are gone. 
Adam has stopped to dig a hole in the sand, using his hands as a shovel. They catch up just in time to keep him from unearthing an open pocket knife. Kim expects him to cry when they make him stand and she begins brushing the smelly sand from his hands, but he doesn’t.
Then looking toward the car Shelton shouts, “Damn, damn! Double-dam!” and begins running with his elbows pumping. “Don’t tell me!”
Kim lifts Adam in her arms and pats his back. “It’s okay, baby, it’s okay.”
“I’m not a baby.” He kicks to get down.
Kim’s eyes stay on Shelton running up the dunes to the car. “Then show me what a big boy you are by holding my hand.” She doesn’t know what to do, whether to linger along the beach, pretending and protecting Adam or to run to Shelton and help him.
“Shelton,” she calls out, wind from the surf scattering the sound.
She can see him through the windows, on the far side of the car, opening the back door and then running around to the rear and lifting the hatch. 
Next thing, he is running up the beach, shouting, shaking a fist in the air. 
“Shelton!” She walks fast, twitching Adam along. For once he doesn’t fuss and she’s grateful for that. But now she feels desperate and afraid. She doesn’t even try to hide it from Adam, which strangely seems to be the key to his not fussing.
When she gets to the Land Rover she can see all manner of tracks—dog tracks, men’s shoe tracks, and places where the sand had folded in on itself burying the tracks. Both doors on the driver’s side are open, as well as the hatch in back that she’d seen Shelton raise. 
“Dixie’s gone,” Adam says, peeping inside while she checks for Shelton up the beach.
She turns, “Gone? Dixie’s gone?”
“Baby Jesus.” He crawls onto the back seat, leaving patches of sand, and picks up the doll and scoots backwards to the dune.
“Oh, no!” she shouts, peering into the car, almost empty except for a few pieces of clothing, a blanket or two in a wad. “They robbed us.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know,” she snaps and begins to cry.
“Don’t cry, Mommy. Don’t cry.” He hugs her legs with his sandy hands. 
“It’s okay, baby. I’m sorry.” She places a hand on top of his head. . 
“I’m not a baby, Mommy.” He looks up at her pleadingly and brushes her hand from the top of her head.
“No, of course not.” She tries to laugh but it’s mixed in with crying.
“Shelton!” She looks up the beach again, at the tide sweeping in and sweeping out. He must have gone after the thieves, she thinks. But what about Dixie? Dixie was not with him when he ran up the beach, she’s sure of that.
“Will Dixie die like Sis’ Shirley?” 
“No. Dixie won’t die.”
He drops the Jesus doll to the dirt and plops down beside it, digging in the sand. “I’m hungry.”
In a terror over Shelton and their lost belongings she still has time to fret over Adam and what’ll he’ll do when she has to either nurse him or let him starve.
***The white patch in the break of brown sky has turned into a sun with radiating streaks but no heat. They are freezing inside the car when she sees somebody trotting toward them, still a long way off. She refuses to let herself panic—it has to be Shelton. But if it is there is no dog behind him. So, maybe it’s not Shelton. 
Adam is napping in the back seat with Baby Jesus and both blankets. He had let her nurse him, peering up at her as if to say, “Just this once.”  
The car is rank with the smell of stale tobacco smoke and soured milk from where it has leaked from her breasts. The twin spots of milk have dried on her shirt and turned cakey and the starchy material makes her feel miserable, itchy and filthy.
She doesn’t take her eyes off the moving figure in black, not even to look down, just watches with jangled nerves when she’s sure it’s not Shelton, and then perfectly calm, when she’s sure it is. 
Closer, she can see Shelton’s black leather jacket. She opens the door easy and closes it easy, and steps out and goes around the front of the car to meet him on the beach. She climbs down the dunes, shaking with cold and hunger. They have no food now. 
He doesn’t speak when he gets to her, just bends over holding his knees and breathing hard. He is pale with a bruised blue outline around his mouth.
She waits till he catches his breath and stands up with his hands on his hips, looking past her to the car and the strand of beach they had walked this evening. “Where’s Adam?”
“Asleep. In the car.”
“I couldn’t catch up with them. They must have had a car waiting somewhere off the beach.”
“Where’s Dixie?”
He bends over again, breathing, then stands. “I followed her tracks in their tracks till they led off into the brush. My guess is she took off after them when they left. Who’d of thought it?”
She wonders if he means about them getting robbed or about feeble Dixie chasing after them. 
He places an arm around her shoulder, walking her toward the car, both of them looking up at the strange parting of clouds taking on the shape of a pair of window curtains. 
“What’ll we do now, Shelton? With nothing to eat?” 
“I wish I could tell you but I don’t know. I wish I could tell you that we’ll find something tomorrow, but I don’t know.”
“It’s okay. I’m just glad you’re back and didn’t get hurt.”
“They were watching us all that time.”
“Yes.” 
“I should have locked the car.”
“No. Then they would have broken out the windows and tonight we would freeze to death.”
***The tide is in, bringing with it nettles of wind-borne mist and clouds of birds, storms of birds. Shrill and wheeling, they are like black blobs on the brown clouds, black blobs on the patch of white. Their wings gusting and swaying the car till dark. Then Shelton and Kim realize that the birds are the dark. 
Adam sleeps on and when the birds are gone, hours later, they hear Dixie barking outside to be let in. Shelton unlocks his door and eases it open, making a big fuss over her, before opening the back door. She hops up in the seat next to Adam and lies down, hassling. 
Kim twists in the seat to pet her. Her fur is like ice, that wet and that cold. When Shelton is seated again under the steering wheel, he locks his door and gazes ahead. 
“Look, Kim,” he says low.
She looks ahead out the windshield and the white patch is brighter, larger, reflecting like the moon on the sea. 
“What is it?”
“I don’t know but it’s a relief just to see light in the sky after so long...”  He stops there.

Chapter 32
Though they are starving and have been robbed in this very place, they decide not to leave till daybreak. The same thieves won’t come back because they know there’s nothing else to steal. And wherever they go, there’s no guarantee that they won’t be running into trouble by trying to run away from it.
Mercifully they have left three blankets in the wad in back and Kim and Shelton place another one on Adam and the dog, then one on themselves with it pulled up to their chins and both of them breathing under it to generate some warmth. 
They doze and wake up to the burning white patch in the dark sky. They doze again and when Adam calls out, half-asleep, Kim gets out on her side and lifts him from the back seat and goes back to her seat to nurse him again. She knows she doesn’t have much milk now but he is too sleepy to fuss after playing on the beach and he falls back into a deep sleep on her lap and she leaves him there to warm them while they warm him. Shelton tilts his face to Kim’s so that both their chins are lightly resting on top of Adam’s head. It smells of his own peculiar baby smell, sour and sweet and theirs.
They stare out at the still patch of light in the sky and the one skipping in the middle of the ocean. 
“What if we wake up in the morning and the sky is blue and the ocean is blue?” Kim whispers. “Wouldn’t that be something?”
“Yes ma’am.” Shelton moves his chin and then puts it back. His warm cheek touching hers.
“What if all this misery would be over and we would be back to normal again?”
“I don’t recall life ever being that easy.”
“Well, it was. By comparison with now, it was.”
“What about heaven then?”
She doesn’t answer for a bit, then says, “Shelton, I may not be going.”
He sits up, shocked, then goes still to keep from waking Adam. “Kim, what are you saying?”
“I’m saying I’m not sure.” They are whispering while the tide roars and the sea oats lash at the car. If they speak out now it probably won’t even wake Adam for the mesmerizing sounds outside.
Then in whispers interrupted by the wind and the surf and the rattling of sea oats against the sides of the car, she tells him about her trip into town, she and Adam, before they left home and how she had denied being a Christian and had even signed papers swearing to never speak the name of Jesus again. She told him about doing it to save Adam and how terrified he’d been and how his fear after that, even long afterward in the swamp, had everything to do with his terror of being taken from his mother by the police woman who had stopped them. 
It was all broken, and while she talked Shelton wrapped his arms around the steering wheel and stared out at the white parting of the dark sky and then back at her.
“You know what I would have done?” he asked low. “I mean, under the same circumstances. I would have done the same thing, trusting that God would know my heart and that I said and signed what I had to. Understand?”
“You don’t know how impatient I get, Shelton.” She repositions Adam on her lap so that the blood can get to her tingling legs. “That’s not the only time I’ve doubted. I do right now! I do! I mean we’re sitting here with nothing to eat and no where to go and I can’t say that it doesn’t make me mad. I can’t say that. It would be a lie.”
“What about me? That fit I pitched on the beach this evening. You think I was waiting on God like I’m supposed to, to take care of things his way?”
“No, but...”
“No no but to it. That was just as much a sign of disbelief as what you did. Maybe more.”
He presses his cheek to hers again, searching out the top of Adam’s head to prop on, to warm on. 
Adam’s weight on her lap is comforting, sweet and penetrating warmth. She feels anchored and without him she would be scattered all over the car. Without Shelton’s cheek...well, she doesn’t know what she would do without him, his skin on hers. She wonders if that kind of need is love. 
When she feels Shelton’s cheek relax against hers, and his voluntary breathing switch to an involuntary pattern, she closes her eyes against the bright glare of sky and can see it seeping through her eyelids. If this keeps up it will burn the brown away completely. She wonders if people all over the world are seeing this light. 
For as the lightening comes from the east and flashes to the west, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be... Immediately after the tribulation of those days the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not give its light; the stars will fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken. Then the sign of the Son of Man will appear in heaven, and then all the tribes of the earth will mourn, and they will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
“Shelton, wake up.” 
He doesn’t move.
“Wake up, Shelton.” She doesn’t take her eyes off the gradually opening curtains of white. She’s not sure the curtains are moving, so she tries to gauge their movement by the distance from the center marked by a speck on the windshield. Her eyes ache.
“Shelton, wake up,” she says louder and nudges his leg with hers. 
Adam doesn’t even make a peep. There’s a reason for that, she thinks, growing excited and light, eyes on the curtains. They look real! No illusion of the light or excited imagination.  
“What?” Shelton doesn’t move but holds his breath, his cheek still next to hers. “What did you hear?”
“Look, Shelton, look out at the sky.”
He sits up, leaning into the steering wheel, gazing out. “Do you think it’s...?”
“Yes, I do.” Her voice is steady and she’s not one bit afraid. “Look at Adam, fast asleep. It’s different.” Used to she would have gone crazy, shaking him and screaming for him to wake up.
Shelton tilts toward her and places a hand on Adam’s chest. “His breathing has slowed; is he okay?”
“Fine. He’s fine.” She bundles him closer, watching with Shelton the slow parting of the curtains. 
“What’s next? Do you remember?”
“I think so, but let’s just watch.” She thinks about her first understanding of The Word becoming flesh—literally a word turned into flesh. 
“I always wondered how the whole earth would be able to see him.” Shelton draws in his breath. “It’s like a Jumbotron without borders.” 
White images like film negatives begin to develop between the curtains, like curtains on a stage or a movie opening from the center of the screen.
Kim gasps. “You see it, don’t you?”
“I can just make out the image of a rider on a white horse, I think.”
The rider’s eyes twinkle like a newly lit firecracker. His long poufy hair grows whiter and stays whiter, while a crown on his head sparkles like His eyes, beginning to burn. His robe develops slowly, red, redder, redder. 
“The robe dipped in blood,” Shelton says, fixated on the scene.
Then a sword appears held in His mouth.
“There’s the sword,” Kim says. “Do you see it?”
“Yes. Yes ma’am I do.” Shelton’s voice drops an octave, sucking air. “He will rule them with an iron scepter.”
“Look at the backdrop coming into view, Shelton.”
Multitudes of people on white horses, themselves in white robes, appear, mere images growing, developing.
“Shelton, I’m not hungry, are you?”
He looks at her. “I hadn’t thought about it so I guess I’m not. I’m not!”
Lettering appears across the lead horseman’s robe, close to the hem. 
“Can you make out what the writing is?” Shelton asks.
“I think I know, but let’s watch.”
At first the letters are like puzzle-print, the squiggly, lopsided kind used on Internet to verify users’ rights to visit certain sites. Kim used to hate those things.
Suddenly, very sudden, the fur lifts and the letters align and the faint print blooms into bold, like a trumpet shout: KING OF KING AND LORD OF LORDS KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS
“Let’s go, Kim.”
Shelton rams open the door and jumps out, racing down the dunes to the beach and the liquid gold waves calm as a lake. The light from above is so bright it reflects off his black leather jacket. He motions toward the car, come on, come on. 
Kim scoots over to her door and opens it and shifts Adam to cradle in her arms and steps out. He is so light, light as if he’s not inside his clothes. It’s as if she is carrying only his clothes and the blankets. At first comes the fear, the old fears and longings and then comes the lightness to her own body and warmth sweet as sun running through her. 
She trots down the dunes, lifting Adam high, as if to offer him up to the rider on the white horse. She is offering him up, her only son, and herself too.
THE END

