

ACKNOLEDGEMENTS
First and far most I will love to the thank God for talent he gave me. Extended thanks to my family and friends for the support they gave. Some specials thanks to my book cover designers; Tuelo Monageng and Oarabile Sebeo, and my girlfriend. 










PROLOGUE
After a devastating situation of being robbed, Jane try to clear her mind from the aftermath, by visiting the other city, where by coincidence she meet and fall in love with the young man who might be the possible robber of her house. Gilly.












CHAPTER 1

Night crippled in slowly as the sun ascended to its resting place; the west horizon, its crying rays enlarged the shadow of the only tree in front of his house, and the whole circumference of the room was totally engulfed by the monster shadow.
The room which was so funny; made from corrugated iron, patched here and there with some plastics, basically the structure was made to protect him from the hard conditions imposed by the unpredictable weather he was living within. At times the temperatures reached somewhere around forty-plus in the day and below zero in the night. The kind of life he was living bored him to death, he ran his mind back the memory line, the huge house with a fire place, dinning room well furnished and that extreme huge living room. The voice of her mum echoed somewhere in his thoughts, the calling he used to get when called for supper or mid-supper. Well that is all the memories he got, memories of the old good life, and now he had to face the current situation, the present life he is living.


Looking at the skies from underneath the tree, Gilberto who was at all not worried about the conditions of the weather nor those of his house but rather so worried about the life he was living, tilted his head further to examine the situations: weather situation, the skies were blue and clear, no clouds and no sign of change from the current forecast, even though weather is something so hard to predict, his guts told him it was not going to change at all. He rose, flatted his only blanket; he had only a blanket, two sheets, a pillow and a mattress.” The destitute are better” he thought. Picking the blanket he crawled into his room, to prepare for the coming night, he nicely spread the blanket and the sheets on top of the mattress, of which by now was a card-board flap thin, it have been in use since the death of his family, some seven years back…
The thought of his family took his mind aback, and a tear which was not bothered at all, rolled the length of his chick. His father, mother, young brother and sister, were coming from a holiday trip from Kasane, that was in the 19th June 2002, something reminded him, his fairly large hands were hanging in front of his body; head between the legs, the dripping tears had made a paddle on the floor. In their way from the trip: the voice which was so narrative, the voice that he had never heard before, and the voice was unveiled the horrific crash his family suffered, back from Kasane, in the middle of the dense frost were the road snaked its way through this frost, a loaded lorry appeared in a distance, they were alert about it and it seemed like nothing is going to happen, but who knows, only God do and have his own way of doing things. Out of nowhere the lorry lost control or should I say the lorry driver lost control of the lorry and the skidding began as they were trying to avoid each other, but the bad part of it was that, the wheels were having a challenge to grip after such heavy raining the previous night. The witness, first hand witness, who happens to be the lorry drive says it have overturned and rolled maybe three of four times before it rested, he was not that certain about the times it have rolled as he too was in a semi-conscious conditions after his hit a nearby tree.
An hour or so after the crash, the police arrived, followed by the ambulance, the bodies; all four were carried to the ambulance, to be examined by the doctors, but from the naked eyes everyone can tell that they were just mere bodies without souls. An autopsy was done and they were certified dead.


He raised his head, looked up as if in prayer, he searched for match-sticks, found one, he lit the last piece of a candle, and a rainbow formed in his eyes as they meet the beam of light from the candle. The voice came back to continue with the story after he interrupted it with candle and the matches. He was doing his last year of Cambridge when his family perished, one morning a day after the crash he recalled, he was called to the headmaster’s office. Being called by the school head was something not common in the school and every time you are called, you only think you had done something wrong or had an outstanding school fees array. For him the school fee was of a less concern as his father had paid forth for the entire two years, he wondered what might be attached to the calling, is it about the school work? Nope, it cannot be his results; school work in general was far way pleasing. Maybe his parents come to see him and that will be a real surprise; they normal call him before paying any visit to the school. He dragged his feet slowly and sealed to the headmaster’s door, he knocked and the voice acknowledged the knock; he slowly swung the door open.

In front of that huge mahogany table, the head master was sited, piles of paperwork was in front as always, a computer was on an on mode, the telephone rung, but he ignored it, despite being puzzled but the tension in tiny office he managed to squeeze some greetings through this tension. The faces in the room wore sorrow, he can smell the pain they were in, and he wondered what might have happen, his heart skipped a bit when he recalled that his family was out there in Kasane for a holiday, are they alright, he quizzed the inner self, maybe… he brushed the maybe aside, what a wicked thought. His uncles, Sam and Albert seemed to have been consumed in the cry. The silence ruled the office for a while, and the lingering of what might be the cause of him being called, subsided in deep and it increased with every single heart, he wonder what might had had happened to his uncles, why are they in such a pain? But the why part remained a mystery until someone clear it. He swallowed hard, after dishing all the possibility that may link up to the pain his uncles were in, he felt his body starting to shiver and warm at the same time. “What bad had happen” he quizzed his inner muse.

Mr. Theo, the school head cleared his throat maybe to say something but he choked and paused for a moment. He swallowed hard, glazed at Gilly for a couple of seconds before he can start the sentence, “My boy… I do not know how to put this, is very hard, to address it” another paused followed. Gilly was in tornado of panic, he opened the mouth to say a thing but the headmaster continued, “as you are aware that your family has, in last week if am precise, had journey of leisure to Kasane and on their way from that trip they had a...A crash.” Something struck him, very hard, he freeze and tried to keep his calm, not to over think what the next word might be, in fact he found no reason not to guess the next word, It was all written in the face of the men inside that tiny but rather conducive office, he waited for the Mister to finish. Mr. Theo tried to be sympathetic and his emotions failed him a tear rolled and fell on the paper, Gilly knew that the news were not going to be good at all, but he hoped for only one thing, he hoped they are not dead.
In the mist of mixed thoughts and emotions, the headmaster voice interrupted him, and his voice echoed as if they were in a deep cave. “I mean they had a crash Gilberto, a bad one and the worst they have all perished.” He starred at the ceiling and the clean white ceiling, just like in magic movies turned black, he wiped the tears, and eventually the sobbing started. A huge force shocked Gilly, he almost choked but managed to be still for a moment and he collapsed in the hands of his uncles he was admitted to the hospital and discharged later in the afternoon.


The darkness in the room disturbed his thoughts a bit, as the candle had faded, he changed the sitting posture, supporting his back with the wall, he pulled the right leg close to his chest, stretched an arm to search for some bread debris from the previous day, he just hoped and wished the mouse or whatever rodent he shared the room with him had not help itself with it. Luckily he found it, tossing the crisps in the mouth, the voice, that same voice which was narrating the crash returned for further narration: today we are gathered here to lay the Tshwene family to their last home, Mr. and Mrs. Tshwene, son: William and daughter: Kelly, may their souls rest in peace “the voice imitated that of the pastor who had conducted the burial service. He tossed the pieces and rolled to catch a nap.
 
 “All the things, that were the Tshwene’s are being officially handed to the only surviving son: Gilberto Tshwene” the voice echoed the words loud to his ears. The house, two cars, a Toyota Camry and a Mazda van and the bank cards were given to him. A cockerel disturbs his wandering thoughts and he stole a gaze at the wrist watch, three-thirty in the morning was the time. Early hours of the morning, in fact the cockerel placed another thought on his mind. Five months after the terror that was on November; he was back again conversing with the mind if not the heart. A blue van parked at the yard gate, a young man and a lady stepped out of the van, they knocked and he allowed them in, he was all among things hoping they were here to bring the royalties, of the deceased. They changed the formalities and introduced themselves to him.
“Mr. Tshwene we are debt collectors and we are to collect the monies that your father, or rather you family owed to the banks and other institutions.” They handed him a signed piece of paper from the sheriffs’ that indeed proved that they are what they claim to be, he went through the paper. A list of debtors was in it, and by the calculations what left in the bank card was not enough to cover that entire debit.
He was puzzled, shocked and confused; he tried to explain to them that he knew nothing at all about the debits, besides he got no money to settle the bills or whatever was being owed. But he explanations seemed to have done no good to this money hunters, in fact it have worsened the situation, the least he expected happened, as they explained to him that they will be back to auction the properties. They said the byes and left, and they promised to be back soon.
The thought of his things being auctioned, stressed him, if they are serious about it, he will be left poor and homeless, as he survived on what his parents has left, and a hell lot of money was used to cover the funeral needs, actually the banks were shaky, they got absolutely nothing to take care of the debits, but the auctioning will bring the worst to his life. Tears dripped, and people are senseless, how can they do that to me, he argued but to no vain. 
He was getting cold now and the darkness was clearing and as the pouring of thoughts about his family and life intensified, he slipped under the blanket, Friday 21st November, he resumed the thought, the same van parked on the same spot, nothing have changed from the van, same people, uniform and files, they talked briefly to him, and handed him the legal documents which allowed them to put whatever the Tshwene’s had on auction. In a blink he was homeless, and was made poor within some hours.
He moved out of the place and set his current shelter where his grannies used to stay and as years passed he became so poor, he struggled to cloth or to feed himself.


	









CHAPTER 2

The unbearable heat wake him up, he crawled out of the room, the sun was high in the sky, he stretched and yawned, the hot rays touch his face, and he walked around the room as the guard on duty. He got the towel, a bowel and some water to clean up his face, before he can take the last coin he had to go searching for some fat cakes, which will be for the breakfast.
After some minutes, moving from one tuck-shop to another he finally found them, bought two for P2 and sealed home. He sat under his tree and had the breakfast. He had no friends, since the auctioning of his properties he had lost all his friends both genders in this case, indeed friends are fewer when days are darker.
“Why didn’t they say there are no friends at all, tree?” He addressed the tree as if it can respond. He lent against its truck and rolled the eye-lids, “Gilly” he called himself, people call you names, they oppress you, actually they do not see you as a human being, they see you as a reject of life, you mean you do not have any plan to change your life, I mean you can go somewhere, look for a job, or you can even… you can even do the robbery or just steal, man. Life has left you with no option, you can do it, and you know you can. Say you rob, you get arrested, sent to jail and you serve your ten years sentence or whatever sentence it will, you get to eat three times a day. Come on man, just do something you have no choice, or you do have a choice? I guess no. Stand up sniff around, spot who is vulnerable to be attacked and rob, and it seems robbing will be the fast way to make money. The conversations planted a thought in his mind, just a day or two, he saw this lovely young lady who is a teacher at the junior school, she seems to be living alone and last week she bought a new BMW Z4. “Why can you just try her Gilly?” He was so interested on the thought, you just crawl to her residential plot, you demand the car and the money you flee Rakops and maybe head to the country second city. No one will suspect you and they will not even recognize that you are missing, they do not give a damn about you, and you missing will mean nothing at all to them.




The sun had now climbed up a bit onto the skies, and he was now burning as the shadow has shifted; he moved his mattress, straightens it and laid flat with his back, head supported by the tree truck. He reconsidered the thought again and again; if I can rob that smart lady I can put a halt to all my sufferings, and being blinded by what he personally called the excessive demands of life, he did not bother to think about the aftermath of the crime he was intended to do. He only lured to get that flashy BMW and maybe a couple of thousand Pula. I get it and run away and change my life into a fortune, he boosted to the thought. He had stayed all day long under the tree, implementing and coding all, the plans he had, and choosing which of them can be easy to carry. Finally he had a mutual agreement with soul, mind and the heart, let’s try the lady.






A team of boys, by the look eleven or twelve years in average passed by him, he checked the watched, five-o-clock, one of them shouted, “Mr. Tree”, those were the names he was subjected to especially from those creatures. He looked at them as they lined up in a nearby field to start a football game, at least he had something to refresh his mind with; he watched them as they rolled the ball from one player to another, when they passed by him they were boys and now since they are on the field they are players, things change in a blink in life, so he can too, to make things change, just like those boys, they changed they status in a blink. His mind was flushed aback to the time when he was a young boy same age as those players, playing some childish games with his later brother, cousins and other children in the streets, they played form dusk to dawn, and his granny used to get cross about it. 
The game ended pre-maturely, a fight erupted and the other boy had a bleeding nose, he had to calm down the situation, they listened, and like a mist they disappeared, indeed in a brink of a second you can do a magic, they were gone and he was alone again. Being alone it meant he had to invite his mind for the company and conversations or the voices that sometimes visited him, he sailed slowly back to the tree, he knelt down on the mattress and resumed the sitting, the sun was gold now and surely covering the last kilometers to its resting place.
“I have to act tonight” he engaged the mind. He raised and went to the room, returned with a coffee mark; he had coffee from the last night he, sipped it slowly, forgetting the cold in it. He was digesting the thoughts of how he is going to deal with his target. He was a bit nervous, a bit anxious and a bit excited, about his wicked deed of which he was about to do. As a young boy he hated crime, he did everything in his power to  avoid being mischievous, but life has screwed all that, pitiless life, it have left him with no choice but to do the crime , anyway whatever happens will decide his fate. Maybe he will be lucky enough and escape the police, the thought of the cops made his heart miss a beat; he thought about prison, the inmates and life within the prison, he thought about the rude warders. From the stories he had heard as a young boy about the inmates, almost made him to drop his mission, the fighting and the homosexuality that has been a puzzle of the convicts, he thought about himself and having an affair with the same sex, to him that was a sin larger than stealing or any crime. Maybe he can be lucky and disappear without a trace, say for five or so years that will be absolutely better and looking at the mere fact that, he will use whatever acquisitions he had from the lady to the fullest, and he will have dodged the ill treatment of the prison for a while, maybe.

A bucking gecko rushed down the tree, he was startled and rose slowing, he sailed to his room, to prepare for a bath, actually to fresh his mind which has been at work all day long, he poured water in the bath, drew a towel from a line which hang just ahead of him, there was no soap, and was forced to take the bath without it. In the tranquility of the water his mind was a bit refreshed, he took it slowly and peacefully, he dried his body, applied the Vaseline lotion, changed the pants and the T-shirt; badly he had only two denim jeans, a short and three T-shirts. In his way out the room he brought with him a bucket to fetch water, he tried to turn his mind on the trip to the standpipe in quest to further or drift his mind from the thoughts it had earlier.





A young boy passed as he was about to leave.
“Hey buddy” he called the boy
“Yes” the puzzled boy gave a feedback.
“Can you go and fetch some water for me”
“But only under one condition, if you give me two Pula coin” the boy set the condition.
He searched for the charged amount in his wallet, he tossed the coin to the boy “there you go”, and the young pal got the bucket and headed to the standpipe.
“Yea” Gilly shouted, and the boy turned to face him, “if you return and am not around just drop the bucket by the tree”
In a muffle “yes Mr. Tree” tree was said almost in mute manner that Gilly was unable to hear it. It was nearly dark when the young boy went to the standpipe, he disappeared behind the thick bush, and Gilly went back to the shelter. I better go check the place, while she has not yet arrived. He sprung closed the room carefully and followed the path that lead to the lady’s house, at the main gate he gave a knock, twice, without any acknowledgement he pushed the gate slightly and peered his head in, to check for any sign of presences, there was none, he stepped in and carefully tiptoed around the yard. Ok here I am, no dog in this place and this means only one thing Gilly, easy going huh, he boosted to himself.
On his way back, he passed the lady at one of the village supermarkets, despite the darkness, he figured her out, she was leaving the BMW into the shop, he paused stole a gaze at the lady and resumed his journey, with head down as if to avoid the eye contact.
It was almost seven-thirty: summer time, when he arrived home, half exhausted, slightly tired as he was he checked the water, there it was, and he carried the bucket to the room, he stripped the curtain that obscured the entrance of the room before entering. He put the bucket at the far corner of the room, he pulled the mart and sat down, now that he had assessed the situation and the only thing awaiting him was the action, he placed the pillow against the corrugated iron to support his back, he straightened the legs in front of him and rested his back on the pillow as he listen to the village sounds, a baby cried somewhere in the distance, a bust of rock n roll music followed on, he listened carefully to the song, a “feel of the dark” by Iron maiden and finally a dog barked; for him the sounds were so disturbing, he wanted them to subside so he can crawl out of his room to the lady’s yard.

The clock was ticking extremely slowly for him and each second which he calculated by his pulse beat seemed to make his heart produce a huge sound, drumming so fast against the chest. Apparently he had planned to start all the dirty work around twelve or one when the village streets were quiet and he was hoping the plan will run as planned and by dusk he will be far off Rakops. Was he getting off the trail? The question rushed to his mind. By robbing was; he really getting lost in the trail? He pushed the question aside, God have a plan for us all, it was his plan for me to steal, and he tried to assure himself that indeed the stealing he was planning to do was all God’s plan. He believed that God just like an author, he writes down your life and actions and you are going to do and follow whatever he had authored for you as you live and he will one day read the instructions to you, and you follow them, he convinced himself that he was following the instructions. 


Eleven-thirty he got himself ready: mask to hide the face, gloves to hide the finger prints and he sharpened the digger for any unexpected and placed it on its sheath and he finally tied his cow boy boots, at fifteen before twelve he was ready to leave, hitting the dusty path, that lead to the house, he passed through a thick acacia bush, the path snaked its way through this bush, a dog barked and a cricket whistled somewhere in the bush, the sounds disturbed his mind a bit, and besides the coziness of the night, he was almighty scared, he sailed slowly fighting back the fear, the path now maze its way through an over grown grass; he stopped almost after every three steps to listen if there is any change on the environment surrounding him, a torn pierced him, “what the…” the lights from distance short lived the sentence, he missed a step and had his foot laid on the undergrowth, he thought of giving up or trying the other day. So I give up and go back, he thought. Something urged him to processed, there was a debate between his heart and mind, he listen to the heart, mind is coward he told the heart. He made his way to the building, but there was something unpleasant at the gate, a human figure was gesturing at the entrance facing east and he was coming from the west, he ducked by the nearby tree and examined the silhouetted figure carefully, he made some quick steps towards the person, one, two, three, three steps were enough to counter attach the person on guard. 
Gripping him by the throat, his other hand over the mouth to avoid him from screaming he drugged him to the nearby tree, he brought the knife, placed it on the man’s throat, the initially plan was to cut it off.
“Do not kill Gilly” the muse warned.
“Who are you” the frightened man asked. Without any answered he wrestled him to the ground, tied his hands and legs with the shoe laces, and stripped him his shirt and used it to cover the man’s mouth. He tiptoed to the house main door, a buzz of the television sound welcomed him, and the sneezing of the person sealed the welcome. He knocked twice and dodged to the side of the door. A key turned and the door opened, “What is it Jerry” the lady busted out to the guard, with that zeal he jumped and pushed the lady back into the house and closed the door with the heel of his boot. He drew his knife and signaled the lady to keep shut.



Dressed in a silk and light gown which showed some, if not most of her body lines, she felt totally naked in front of this monster, she stepped back and her eyes were fixed on the masked eyes of the stranger. Gilly examined her for a while, the lady was well shaped and well built, his eyes stopped by the waist then the chest and his mind was shifted by the looks of this lady, a couple of wicked thoughts rushed in his mind, he swiped them aside and force the mind to concentrate on the duty he was here for. The lady heard the burning sensation inside her and she can see the wickedness in the eyes of Gilly, she opened his mouth but nothing actually came out, she wanted to ask what the hell was going on, but the words failed to come out. She tried again but before she can even utter a word the knife was at her throat and the pain was overwhelming, she ignored it and forced a question in the grin.
“Who in earth are you and what do you want from me” she articulated.
“Shut up” in a low but rather harsh voice, he signaled the silence sign to her, and he looked her in the eyes, her eyes were marble shaped, and the eye brows gave them this sleepy mode look, the burning evilness of his own eyes made the lady to look at the other side. The earlier push had made the gown to go lose and her right breast was exposed, fully. Gilly frowned at the sight of it, he pushed the knife a bit deeper and allowed his hand to the breast, it was pure and full, so steady. He played with the nipple for a few seconds before releasing his hand down to the belly and allowed himself to teased her tummy and eventually slipped his had a bit deep, the touch on the pubic hair made him gasp and the lady swallowed hard, as she guess what might be the next step, she hoped he does not do it, he made some smooth circles with the index finger before, forcing her legs to part, creating a way to the most sensitive, he allowed his middle finger to found  its way into her, Jane gasped to the sensation, for a moment she felt aroused despite the rude way it was done to her, but she still hope he does not do it.
“Give me your car keys” he whispered on her ear.
“What… hell no, are going to rob me my car and rape me afterwards” she lost herself in tears. “Oh my God! Why me?” she cried even more.
“Oh oh, watch the tune of your voice, it tempers with my anger, and you are a smart lady that’s why am doing all these to you” his voice low but enough to be heard. She followed the command and tries to hold her cry, of which she managed.
“OK fine, let’s make a deal, you give the keys and I will leave your body untouched” Gilly suggested. Jane rose and opened the bookshelf drawer, drew the keys and with that shaking hands she handed them to the man who got his face behind the mask.
“And I will be a fool not to ask for the money huh, what do you think” he chuckled to the question. Jane froze for a moment, she wanted to tell him that she got no money, but she feared to temper with his anger again, she looked at him right in the eyes and said: “you know what? You are just an evil bustard”. Something hit her hard and she was semi-conscious for a minute or so, when she regained the consciousness, her mouth was bleeding, Gilly handed her a tissue, she placed it over the cut, the gown laces had untied and her naked body was in the eye sight. 
“That was a warning, you better hold your tongue and chose your words, with that much care right..?” she nodded to the statement. “And now give me what I want, simply and easy, lady” without any further argument, she sailed to the bedroom, Gilly followed her in, she produced an envelope and handed it to him. He tore the seal, ran his finger on the notes, he smiled and looked at her with a frowned, Jane dropped her hand, and he took the paper in between the notes: thousand hundred Pula, the paper stipulated. He tapped the floor with his boot and the lady was startled, he indicated her to stand, helpless, hopeless as she was, she did.
“Your life is free, but not yet, totally free” he was really having fun now, something on the table, caught his attention.
“What’s this” he picked it as he asked.
“The car receipts” she lured the answer.
“So you car his new?” he raised his eyes to meet hers, she nodded the answer. “How wonderful…” 
He went through them; receipts and they stipulated that the car was still new and it seemed liked it have not yet been registered. “This is a fortune Gilberto” he murmured the words. The lady was motionless, she stared at Gilly, as he went through the papers, she regretted not taking the money to the bank well in time, but besides loosing the money, was not a big deal. The fact that she was about to losing her BMW Z4, made her sick to the last piece of her bone. Hell the universe, the words were communicated somewhere within her inner body. Gilly went through the papers with that peace and smiled at whatever the papers told him.
Gilly gave her look, a warning look, she looked down to avoid the vivid evil she saw in the eyes, he pulled her so close to him, and from that distance he can hear her heart beat, he breathed heavily on her neck, and ordered her to drop the gown, with easy she did. He stole a gaze at the wall clock, past one in the morning, “Jesus” he exclaimed, he took the electric cable and tied her to the bed, his cowboy boots hit the floor so hard, as he made his way out the room. She listened to the ignition of her car, it did the screaming as he u-turned it, and it’s sounded fated in a distance.


She started crying and her naked body shake almighty badly, “Where am I going to find my car?” the question was repeated several times. She looked at the clock; two o’clock, four more hours to go before she is free. She was getting cold, extremely cold, am going to catch cold she thought, some how she managed to pull down the duvet from the bed and it landed on her body, and that was better she thought the cold will be minimal, the sobbing had subsided a bit, and she released her mind in thoughts, she thought about her car and the fact that it got no registration made her sick, she wondered where is she going to find or will she actually find it? Despite the cold she managed a nap, in the delirious sleep, she dreamt her friend paying her visit, driving a replica of her BMW. There was a knock at the door, the dream was cut short. She heard it as if it was at a very far distance, actually she heard it after a several attempts, she acknowledged it with a cry. Her friend stepped, shocked by the mess, she too was unable to articulate word, she untied her, helped her to the bathroom to clean up, before she can start the interrogations. After dressing, she helped her to the living room and started the questions.
“What happened dear?” the interrogations started. Instead of the answer the crying of the past hours resumed. She tried to calm her down but to no vein, Jane had lost herself completely in the cry. After an hour or so of crying she managed to regroup.
“He stole it Rose, he just stole my car” the sobbing continued.
“Who did?” she was getting emotional.
“Hell, I do not know, a man with a mask”
“Ok let’s finish with the breakfast and go to the cops”, they had it as quick as their throats allowed them to swallow, she helped her to the passenger’s seat and off they drove to the police station. At the police station a young constable, maybe in his early thirties, who introduced himself as Mr. Samuel attended to them, after a few minutes on radio, he repeated the question.
“You said you are who?” he repeated.
“Jane Paul, please” the agony was vivid on the tone. 
“Calm down madam, what I can do for you?” he calmed the situation.
“Bona there has been a break-in at my house last night, my car and money have been stolen and the security guard is missing” she tried to hold her breath after the statement but failed to.
“Relax darling” the assuring voice of Rose interceded.
Sensing the tension and the pain the lady was going through, Constable Samuel used his training skills to dig the needed information from her.
“Take me through the incident, tell how the robber or robbers we like and what they were putting, the more the information the quicker the investigations.”  She narrated the break-in, step by step some words choked her not because they were hard to mention just because she was in a hell of a cry.
“My car is new, and it got no registration, I not sure I will ever see it again” she concluded the narration.
“Miss who do you suspect?” there was no offence on that question though, kind of questions the police officers ask, the constable thought.
She looked at him with a puzzle, licked the lips before swallowing something, and wiped the tear that was rolling down the chick. 
“How the hell in this earth, am I supposed to know the suspect, besides am just an alien in this village and I know nobody”
In the police way “do you have any connections with the village, I mean apart from the lady you are with do you have any you might know?”
“Are you okay upstairs or what? I said am I an alien in the village, period.” She was losing her temper.
“We will do anything in our power to ensured that the culprit(s) is found and brought to trial, for now you may go” he regrouped the stationary he was using, and left the consultation room.
“Any whiff contact us please” he said before leaving. Jane and friend left the office after the police officer.
“I have no hope” she uttered to Rose
“You should be optimistic” Rose poked her.















CHAPTER THREE

Gilberto Gilly Tshwene was behind the wheel of his just acquired car, and he have passed all the police check points with easy, and he hoped to come across no check point in the last 30 kilometers or a road block. He stopped by the village the size or smaller than Rakops, he fuel the at the filling station, checked the wheels, before hitting the road again, he followed the road to the east, the sign indicated the distance of Francistown, he sighed as he was heading to the country’s second city. He stopped after the detour to pee, he was just ten kilometers away from Ghetto: the affection name of the city, that’s Ghetto. He looked at the sign and smiled, only ten kilo’s he thought as he strode back to the his car, should I call it mine? I should wait before convincing myself that is mine, maybe am being followed; the thought of being followed made him to hurry to the car. The speedometer read 100/km for may be eight kilometers he really wanted to arrive. After eight and half kilometers a billboard which read “welcome to Ghetto” appeared, he went past the airport, then the stadium which was still in construction, the stadium was dimmed to be good and the best in the country, indeed a good achievement for the sporting sector, but some speculations in some local news papers indicated that the stadium, was tearing apart and was far off from completion, and that was really bad, and some even indicated that the constructor got no relevant background on constructions of infrastructure of that caliber, one have to wonder how the issuing of the tender was done, maybe is high time some auditing is done and a proper report is given to the nation, the country is turning into something else, nepotism and improper awarding of tenders had be a piece of the procedure, he thought. 
After the stadium, the first residential houses appeared, he reduced the speed to nearly 40km/h, he gazed at the watch 1000hrs, he was nervous, he was forced to keep his cool, otherwise the worst will happen, in such traffics, concentration was needed and the road was in a total jam.
He kept the distance with the car in front, in fact he was using it as a navigator, since he had never entered the city from the west, the car paused at the traffic lights, and he halted behind it. A couple of minutes passed the lights changed from red to green, the car moved he followed suit, a billboard with “CITY CENTRE” words reads, he followed the road, past the Toyota motors, and a fly-over followed, he blinked the right indicator and entered the bus rank. The bus rank was sort of untidy, a hell of movement was in place both people and cars, a large building maybe two stores was at the center of the rank, he drove at a snail pace, searching for a parking lot, he found it after a couple of turns and reverses. He turned the ignition off, and climbed out the car, he locked it. He paused and breathed the new air; he scrutinized the place, before he started the journey around the rank. He stopped a young lady for directions, since it have been  nearly ten years without visiting the place, some places where hard to figure out, the lady directed him to the nearby pizza shop, he thank her, and headed to the shop. He ordered a medium Mexican pizza and occupied the empty chair at the rare end of this small shop. He eat the pizza with the slowest pace he can afford, his mind seemed to be at peace, the noon news we being broadcasted both on local TV and radio station, he listened with much interest nothing about the break in, actually nothing to disturb him, for now though.  He finished the meal settled the bills and left the shop, he took a short tour of the mall, he passed the shops, restaurants, bottle stores and a couple of Chinese shops. In the past five or so years the influx of the Chinese has been at a high note and their population was fast growing in Botswana, their arrival has caused a heated debate at the parliament and some MP’s felt the increased number of these Asians was hindering the business chances of the locals.
Jane was given a day off at work, her friend drove her home and promised to check her after work hours, she nodded at the promise and it seemed like the nodded, shrugging and shaking was the maiden communication for her. She stayed on her living-room all day long, she watched the noon news, they was nothing about the break-in, she hoped for the evening news, they should inform the nation as quick as possible, she articulated to the thought. Evening arrived there was nothing again, that was the disadvantage of living in a rural area it takes long for the information to reach the necessary places, she thought it was still early for it to be broadcasted, maybe tomorrow she assured herself.
There was a knock, she rose and opened door for the visitor.
“Anything on TV or Radio?” Rose asked her after handing the meal.
“Nope” at least she talked.
“Okay maybe tomorrow, I think is still early” her eyes were fixed on Jane. They killed the night together and Rose offered to spent it with her, they talked about the incident for a long time and it seemed Jane was coming out of the terror she suffered, they hoped the police will find the monster and justice will take its course.

“Yes sir, what can I do for you” the receptionist maybe in her mid-twenties attended to Gilly at the reception of the City Inn quest house. Gilly was silent for a moment as the girls beauty stool his attention. The lady repeated the question.
“Can I book a room?” he responded
“We have…” she paused as she flicked the pages of the check-in-book, in search of the room available. 
“…we have two available for platinum and silver” she ran her fingers on the rooms list.
“Give me silver, please”
“P450, 00”
“Ok” he forked out five hundred pula from the wallet and gave it to the lady; he waited for the change.
Engulfed by buildings, when you are just to leave the city centre was the City Inn quest house, to the right was the  attorney general buildings, at the front, across the road was the central police station and on the left and behind was different industrial sites, like the PG glass ectra ectra. Waiting in the fairly conducive reception room which formed the eight roomed City Inn, he waited for the usher to take him to his room. A young man maybe his age approached him, they greeted and the man whispered something to him, he followed the usher to his room. The usher unlocked the room and waved Gilly in, he gave him the keys. The room was pretty small but it was okay for a single person, a large bed on the centre, at the near corner was a TV set, a decoder and a disc player, the room was just okay, it got an air conditioning system. He thanked the young man and gave him change as a tip.
He smiled at the tip and thanked him; he waved and went to do what he was being paid for.
Gilly switched the TV on to watch the late news, bad enough he missed them. He wondered if they have already reported the incident, what if one of the two attendants has identified him, and he was just less than a kilometer away from the cops. He folded his arms and was engaged in a prayer:
From Psalm
” the lord is my shepherd I shall fear no evil, even if I walk in the shadow of death, I should trust in him, so lord I know that I had sinned, but you should be with me through the thick and thin, for am you son too, amen”
 He felt a bit well after the prayer and he was sure that, just like in the scripts the lord will at all cost be by his side. He changed the channels, there was nothing on the sports channel, he switched to the music, and he watched till midnight, he fell asleep somewhere after the midnight.
At 0800 hrs he wake, damn it I missed the morning news, he whispered, he hoped for the noon news.” When I am leaving this place”, he quizzed himself. He called the reception for clarity and was told he should leave at six-thirty or any time before that, he thanked and ended the call. He fell back, and stretched, his mind wandered, what the hell have I done? I have sinned and am… a knock interrupted the thought; he rushed to the door, and the heart was pounding very fast, he opened it and the room service lady delivered the breakfast. He took the meal and placed it on the table.
Back; he was with his wild thoughts, I better try to register this car now, pimp it and give a new look. He visited the tray after an hour, scrambled egg, slice of break and coffee made the breakfast, he consumed the meal and ignored the cold of the coffee, and he was used to the cold coffee besides. He pushed the tray aside, and dressed up, putting on his black denim jeans, a white T-shirt and laced up his cow boy boots, he did not bother to take a bath or to brush the teeth; he was in a hurry. Hurry for what? He quizzed the muse; he does not really know what he was hurrying for. He paused by the reception asked for the advertiser, the lady handed him the booklet, he flipped the pages carefully, he asked for a piece of paper and a pen he dotted something on the paper and handed back the booklet. 

Past the police station, he turned right and followed the Peolwane Street; he looked for parking spot at the Galo mall, he locked the car and crossed to the shops, he searched for Cell-city, he found it, he bought a Nokia 5200, and the Mascom SIM card; punching the SIM out of the container he insert it on the phone, in three minutes he was connected to the world, and was able to make calls and receive them. He produced the paper from his pocket and dialed the number of the panel beaters, he listen to it as it rung, it was picked he arranged for the painting of the car.
“Around two” he repeated the time.
“Light industrial site, opposite Jamal, Plot no: 15255” he said the directions as he dotted them down on paper.
He glanced at the watch 1239, about an hour left, he drove off, followed the road that lead to some place he did not know, he made sure he does not got off the road, as getting of it will mean he might get lost. Driving at 20km/h he went past a building which its wall was painted Botswana traffic and car registration center, he pressed the breaks and read the writing carefully, he thought about his car which by now was not yet registered, in all odds he should worry a little, in a corrupt country like Botswana he will get his car registered without a sweat. At 1345, he followed the road back to the light industrial, within the forty-minutes he was at the work shop and in an hour time his wheels were the way he liked them, light-blue, with white stripes running its vertical length, at the rare window and the front one he had his name printed “GILLY” in italics. He paid six hundred and fifty for the transformation.





CHAPTER FOUR

It have been almost three weeks, say three weeks, two days to be precise since the departure of Gilly; his continued absenteeism from his tree worried a couple of young boys who usually make fun out of him, they tipped their parents about the absence. He was reported missing to the police, the search for him was declared he was searched for a week, a week long was far more enough for the search of a life regret like him and the searching have subsided and a few of the many have linked him to the recent break-in, but there was a hell of doubts about it, as many felt he cannot do such a thing and he was really not capable of doing harm. After a week of searching the police decide to issue a legal statement that will declare him dead and it was hard to search for him as he got no family trace, or photography to be used in the search. 
Maybe he murdered himself was the assumption; it was not a bad assumption, as the life he was living had all the ingredients for one to take his life. As there was nothing on the news papers about him missing, frankly Gilly knew nothing about his missing and that he had been declared dead, actually he cared less about what was happing back home or anyway in the country for that matter, his car, which was fully his now, the car informally made his and got registered after he gave an officer a tip of ten thousand Pula, and he was boosting and oozing, only the oozing and the fast life of the city is what he cared for.

Jane Paul was eventually giving up about her car and has no hope for the money, she had checked the police on several occasions, but there was nothing concrete she was told. Actually she has lost hope and she had accepted the fact that she will never see her car again. To brush off the pain and the loss she was going through she decided, to embark on a leisure trip, she thought about the places to visit, Gaborone, have been like a home to her she cancelled it out, Kasane and Maun, for Kasane she just visited there in the past month and it have been her most favored destination over the past years, and as for Maun, it have acted as her en-route to Kasane. Francistown tops the list, she has been there in a while and the visit will be perfect.
Saturday morning, she went to the village bus point, and got the 1000 hrs bus; the rip to Ghetto seemed longer than she anticipated, it was her second visit to the city having made the first trip when she was doing her first at the university. The bus took five hours to arrive at the city, by the bus rank she dropped; she had earlier on called an old friend and told her she was visiting. One by one they made their way out of the bus, she waited for her chance to come, it did she stepped out. The buildings and the look of the rank astonished her.”Wow, almighty good, the rank looks perfect” she murmured to the passenger in front, she sailed through the people to the waiting rooms, and she entered the rooms and found a seat and relaxed before she called her friend. She called her, and was instructed to wait in the waiting rooms.
“I will be there in ten minutes” she told her. She placed the phone in the hand bag, lifted the eyes to the ceiling before sighing and sealed with a short sentence. ”this is the Ghetto” she said. She lingered through the window, a row of mini bus and taxi’s lined for the passengers, a vendor passed by with the basket, she shouted “am selling”, she glanced at her wrist watch eight minutes gone. She returned the stare to the floor, a brochure was lying on it, she picked it up; it talked about the best hair salon in the city. The way things were unfolding outside it really indicated that, the city was the most sociable city in the region. A sound of the heels echoed the room; she tilted the head to see who was making the sound, a smart lady, a middle earning by the look of the eyes, was approaching her; she was not sure either it was Maider or just someone. That’s her, her beauty amazed her. Wow she had changed in the recent years and her beauty had multiplied.
“Jane how is you my dear” she looked like she had no problem recognizing her. They hugged and Jane took a few steps back to scrutinize her friend, in astonishment, “I didn’t recognize you when you approached” they giggled at the remarked, hand in hand they marched out of the waiting room. They got in a taxi “Colored, please” Maider told the driver. Within some minutes, they pulled at the gate, paid the man and stepped out. She was ushered to the house, a three roomed house, which had a kitchen, bath-room and a large living room; the house which stood proudly in the center of the yard was fully furnished mostly from the modern and latest furniture.
“It is way better than mine” she said as she accepted a glass of an orange juice. A LG Plasma TV was playing, its tone, was low and soft; they were facing each other on the black leather couch, as they got on the past and the future. Time, came and she began her story, she told her friend what happed about two months back, exactly two months, she checked the dates and it was exactly two months.
“God will wipe your tears “, the emotional Maider assure her.
“I have given up Maider, got no hope at all of recovery my car, I will buy one, one day” she showed no signs of being hurt. She took the glasses to the kitchen, she wiped them with damp cloth and Maider was preparing a bath for her.
“You better, come and have bath, Jane” she shouted from the bath room, her house was alive today, mostly she spends her weekends alone and that factor has turned her into a beer lord, she was happy today she had an accomplice. Jane took the bathe so quick, she spread the deodorant over her body, and she looked at the wall watch, six-fifty-nine.
“After the news we are going out right?” she asked cheerful, without waiting for the response, she added, “I can’t wait to feel the bliss of Ghetto”.
“Well, we will, I better call a cab” Maider fulfilled the wish. They were quiet for a moment, as they listened to the news, after the news they got ready, Maider called the cab, she told her friend about the Ghetto as they waited for the cab, in a short while, the horn signaled the arrival of the cab. They gathered, went to the cab, Jane was putting on a black low cut skinny jean, and a white shirt, haired tied on a pony tail, she looked stunning and sexy, a real African. As for Maider, she was just wild in terms of dressing a mini-skirt which exposed most of her thighs and a pink T-shirt with the print; grooves of Ghetto, her short hair nicely brushed.
After twenty minutes they were at the Area W shopping complex, they went inside the EXECTIVE BAR, the vibe was high, a soft tone from Adams was playing in the background they forced their way to the counter a couple of eyes gave them the gigantic look, mostly from the males, a few were in the bliss, dancing and having the kiss.
Maider order two Amstel, they spotted a table which was occupied by a single young man, they moved to it slowly avoiding stepping on others, Maider recognized the guy, she whispered something to Jane, they laughed, she returned the gaze to Gilly, she gave the smile and winked at him. Jane repeated the name on her mind, it seemed familiar but she cannot recall where she had meet such a name, she gave up, or she will recall it with time or even distinguish the face they were approaching. Gilly froze and panicked, seeing Jane was the last thing he ever thought will happen, it was he was seeing a fairy tale ghost, he treated the meeting as a real coincidence, he dropped his shoulders and almost collapsed behind the table, his fingers were rapidly drumming the table, his mind over speed with the thoughts, what if she recognize me or she manage to have a hint about me and my actual identity, the most worrying fact for him was that she was with Maider and that meant it is easy for her to trace him if she can suspect something, he restored his cool avoided to show the uneasiness he was having. They pulled the chairs, Jane to the left of Gilly and Maider a bit on the right, actually she sitting in front, facing him.
“Hey Gilly” that was Maider, and before she responded another hey followed from Jane.
“Hi, girls how are doing” he responded to them.
“Fine and you” asked the girls.
“Just cool”
“By the way this is my friend Jane, she is a teacher at Rakops Junior, and I guess it will be your pleasure to meet her, huh?” Gilly nodded after Maider was done with the introduction. The uneasiness was almost getting the better out of him, Jane sensed the unnervingly moment that Gilly was kind of having.
“This is Gilly, Jane…” she giggled and pointed at him. 
”…we once hand this rush hour thing you know, anyway he is a sweet buddy” she laughed, this time hilarious. 
They shared a moment of silence for a long while, Jane sipped her beer, and placed it back on the table, she leaned towards Gilly.
“You look more colored” she poked.
“Yea am a colored” he kept it simply; his mind was not at easy at all.
“Not sure I have seen you before” he almost dropped the glass at the remark in a more panicking manner he squeezed the where question “and I guess you are mistaking me with someone else.” 
“There was a colored guy at Rakops, who looked almost like you, I thought you where him and he has been reported missing, anyway most colored look the same.” she picked the bottle for the last drops. He was dead frozen at the statement, but the fact that she mentioned that most colors look the same, it eased his tension a little.
“Oh poor guy” the uneasiness showed on his voice.
“They say he was relatively poor and he lived in shanty and he was a native of Rakops” he listen with the attention, he knew the description were for him. Gilly stared at her, there was something special about this women, something he did not see the night he broke in to her house, a well carved oval face, with that flat but smart noise, her eyes were brown and marble size, she was just pretty a small tight lips and the well curvilinear body with that bust standing out a bit sealed the beauty.
“You see…” he leaned back on the chair and rocked forward and backwards.
“…we as coloreds we sometimes don’t just look the same, we to some extend share names, not only first names in that manner even the last ones.” He dropped his head and picked the glass, he sipped more beer. He was correct to some certainties, she recalled the names she had encountered that were the same, the likes of the Van Isaac, the Wayne Wack and the list goes on. But there was something not that good with the young pal, she left that she had somehow seen this young man at Rakops some days before the break in at her house, he might be the missing Gilly of the village. A strong feeling inside her told that he is the missing person, she really trusted her guts, and to add more suspicion to that he was sort freaking out to her presence, why should he, since is their first encounter. Anyway take it easy girl, do not rattle the leaves, you can frighten him if you do that just set a trap and drive him to it. Maider left them for the counter, she paused at the counter and bought herself another bottle, Jane had declined any some more, after having the change she paused by the jukebox, inserted the coin and punched some keys, seconds later a heavy bust of rock ‘n’ roll followed, she started the dance as the sounds of Metallica: song: stranger, got her crazy.
“Nice dance, she can dance” Gilly muffled to Jane. 
“Yea, can you dance?”  
“I have never done it before, but am sure I can, not today though” he replied. Silence followed.
“That’s him, that’s the monster that robbed you” the voice vibrated in her ears. She looked at him, their eyes meet and they were fixed for some seconds or even minutes.
“What?” Gilly felt the tension of her eyes. She was in a mute for a while, he has paved a way for the trap by the question she thought and I better try to lay it now.
 “You are a smart guy, that kind to get the attention of any woman and of any kind” she started the trap.
“Thanks” he shied.
“I get horny when I look at you, will you drive us home after the party” she was teasing his index finger.
“I will see to it” he was totally enticed by the lady. She stretched her arms and yawned, the shirt she was putting on exposed her belly right to the nape, Gilly stole a look at her, “wow you are freaking sexy”, Jane giggled to the comment and poked “you can have time to see how sexy it is and even explore it”, he chuckled to remark, and Jane felt the need to press him harder and it seems like the plan was unfolding was she wished. Was she getting off the trail by luring him to be in love with her, she guessed not and having him as her boyfriend is the only way to maybe know the better of him and she better put him under pressure, so he can fell for her.
Gilly was silent for a while, falling in love with this lady might lead to a couple of outcomes, the worst and the complicated ones, maybe the most favorable can still avail themselves in the equation, and the fact that he too sensed the suspicion the lady was having he must do something that can halt it, for now maybe. If he declines her, she might cause trouble for him and he can find himself in the interrogation room, what if he dates her and he tries to manipulate her. The fact that the lady’s beauty surpassed that of many, over powered he thinking and almost the possibility of what might come with dating her.  Besides there was that something special he cannot resist from the lady and the strong lust in him seemed to force him to fall for the lady. He was in confusion. Can, he just have her for nightstand? How will he break the connection after that, no ways? The lady was a friend to Maider and that means she got easy access to his contacts. He came to a conscience, I must go for her and I must be truly carefully otherwise am screwed up. 
He stood and whispered into her “going to the men’s room”. She watched him as he snaked his way past the people, he was putting on a black denim skinny jeans, a Royce Family half boot and a black T-shirt printed Iron-maiden, he was a rock ‘n’ roll fan. Jane sipped a mouthful of beer and she was on the fifth glass, she had had enough; I better stop drinking she told herself. She searched for Maider she did not spot her. She went back to the seat and reconsidered her actions and thoughts, what should I do first, it seems like I got something on hand, I should trace who exactly this guy is and where is he from? I got the feeling that I saw him at Rakops, she weighed her options, they all seemed okay, and the first one to commit will be followed. She thought about her car, her money and a tear rolled down her chick, she wiped it with the back of her hand, in an illusion of thoughts she figured Gilly coming, along him was Maider, they were laughing, they paused pointed at something and resumed the walk, Maider went to the music box, pushed the coin and punched the buttons; feel of the dark by Iron-maiden followed a bunch from the crowd shouted the lyrics loud.
Gilly pulled the chair and set down” she is getting over the limit now, and that’s her favorite song, she simply gets crazy you know.” said as he was sitting. Glanced at her watch; 2337. “I can see she is crazy, but is almost time to leave”.
“Maider won’t move till they are closed, they close at 0130, and do you want to have a nap?” he asked her.
“I better get that” she replied tiredly. She followed him past people, they stepped out of the bar, the breeze was cool, and the skies were clear, stars sparkling, they went past row of cars, and finally, they approached a BMW Z4, which was painted in light-blue, with stripes running its vertical length and the windows were tinted black with the print GILLY on them. She felt a chill running through her spine, she paused for sec and gave the car a stare and forced the words through her now dry throat “nice car” her voice was low.
He nodded to the remark; the pain of guilty was getting the better out of him. He unlocked it and waved her, she stepped in and heard the locking system turning, rolling the eye lids, she imaged the smell that used to cover the interior of the car, it was not yet totally gone, it was still around, she opened the eyes and stared at the starring wheel, she had held it maybe less than twenty times and the car was gone and now here she was, sitting on what she believed to be her stolen car, the seat was comfy and it remained her of the conformability she felt the day she bought it. Eyes roamed around the car, everything was familiar, only the outside had changed, and she sighed heavily and forced herself to a nap.
She tried but failed, I better tip the police, but not before I have gathered the right information that can pin him down, she thought, the issue at hand was, how is she going to gather it, in most cases thieves like Gilly are smart and is hard to screw such people but she was at some point certain that she will gather the information. The Information she needed was supposed to be enough to feed the cops. But who is first to get it from, definitely Maider. She can shield a bunch of information about this Gilly or maybe she knew him a bit better. Gazed at the watch, o-one-o-o, thirty more minutes to go.
The high tone of Maider wake her, she opened the eyes in the lazy manner and rubbers the web cobs off.
“Have I been asleep? Good Lord! Am glad I did”. She switched to the back seat, Maider and Gilly on front, she heard the ignition starting, it sounded just like the day Gilly stole it, after takeoff she was asleep again, Maider wake her at the house, they went in and closed the doors as they went to bed. 













CHAPTER FIVE

The alarm kicked at six-thirty, they wake, shared a bathe, brushed the teeth and prepared the breakfast, Maider was still heavy from last night drinking, she really had a lot of beer. Bacon, fried eyes and a cup of coffee for each, like a flock they followed each to the living room, Maider in front, they sat on the couch, switched the TV on and watched the early news. With a mouthful Jane said “I got a bad feeling about this guy of yours Maider”. Maider paused the cup half to the mouth, “what is that supposed to mean?” she quizzed the friend.
“Where is he from?” she asked over the rim of the cup.
“Am not that precise, he says Maun, but I have once eavesdrop him having a chat with a friend, seems like an old friend about their early years at Rakops. Am not sure where he is from really” she gave the bacon a last bite.
“I guess I have seen him just some days before the break in at my house” she paused to swallow the coffee and resumed with her statement, “and who is this old friend, can we have some contacts of him?” Maider thought for a short while and commented “I think the guy is law graduate, and currently he is with the Attorney General if am not mistaken”. Jane who have, once in her studying time has studied law for two years before dumping it to do a teaching course, fared her chances of interrogating a lawyer and she found it easy to get information from him provided she stick to the basics of interrogations.
“Can you get the contacts for me, and e-mail them, or I will get them when I re-visit in a week time.” She pleaded with her. Maider nodded; she gave Jane an asking stare ‘are you sure, he is the one that break in your house?’ maybe was the question on the stare, they cleared the coffee table and left for some more rest at the room.
Jane called Gilly before switching the mode to sleep, they had a chat for over five minutes and the chances of them hooking seemed to reach somewhere over 85 per cent.  
“You love him, huh?” Maider poked after the cut-off.
“Maybe I do, he is smart.” she giggled 
“And you suspect him.” she asked with a frown.
“I might fell for him, but that doesn’t mean I cannot point a finger at him, for the crime, he got all the needed information to link him with the crime. Believe it or not one day the truth will come out, the freaking truth that will either jail him or set him free” she tried to hide her emotions. Maider did not comment, she raised the eye brows and rolled to the pillow, they caught a nap.

Maider mobile rung, she sat upright and punched the receiving button.
“Hello” and she listened to the caller.
“NO, am sorry dear, am not parting tonight” she cut off the caller, gazed at the watch three o’clock, she waked Jane, Jane left the bedroom and sailed to the kitchen, poured a glass of water empted it and opened the fridge, had an orange juice, with glass on her she measured her steps to the living room and rested on the couch.


Maider pulled a towel from the chest-of–drawers, wrapped it around the waists, she winked at Jane in her way to the bathroom. She tapped the taps and the warm water filled the bath; she made her way on to it, she dipped her hands on the water produced handful and poured it on her head she allowed the water to run down her back, it rolled down the thighs the movement of the water got her going, she sat down and splashed more water on her breasts, she made circles on them with her tongue and the warm water gave her the ultimate sensation, she gasped as she moved her finger down her belly, tilting the head backwards she closed her eyes, touched her pubic gasped some more as she parted her thighs, she had the middle finger inserted she rocked to the rhythm she was maintaining, her hips moved swiftly to the rhythm, she was making pleasure for herself, she envied a man. Jane who has been watching her friend for a while now was getting consumed into action too, she threw a vibrator in the bath, she joined her and the show continued. The bathed, dried and they giggled about it.
“I wish he was here” she joked.
“Who, Gilly?” with a grin she asked.
“Yeap” they laughed.
“You not satisfied?” Maider remarked.
“Nope, is just that I need a real thing you know, I mean real action girl” she remarked too. Jane was done with the dressing and tied her hair into the favored style; ponytail, Maider was in dilemma of what to wear, she had this and that, pulled on and off that and that. 
“Hurry up girl, we need to take a walk” Jane edged. She was almost done, on a skinny jean and a cream white bareback top. 


Gilly really had a rough night with a couple of what if’s in his mind, the thought about Jane and the thought of the break-in, the scenes of that night, a naked Jane, the guard ambushed, tied to a tree, the money of which he had utilized nicely and most of them all; the car. And now he was left with the reality of dating a lady he had subjected to trauma, pain and whatever she went through. Was he ready dating her? He was not sure about it, in fact he had long wanted her since the break-in at her house, a repetition of her naked body had haunted him and he was not sure how he can push haunts aware, he had tried a couple of ladies but none of them was so appealing like Jane, he thought of about how she made her to undress on that night, her stunning looks, the body shape drove him crazy, if he had time, he would have forced to make love with her, he felt like there was a challenge laying ahead, a real tossing game, is he getting off the trail again by dating this lady, he quizzed himself. He rose from the bed, had a glass of water, his head was aching from the continuous pouring of thoughts, he had a painkiller and they almost work as he felt a little better after an hour.
“I should be carefully with this lady, she should not ambush me at all, I should always be on guard” he thought, another thought raced to his conscience, a thought of hope, love is powerful and love can overpower whatever pain you are feeling “maybe the love that I will gave her will overwhelm her and she will demand little about exactly who I am. What if this whole love thing is a trap? Just a manipulative way to lay me, and what if she had been communicating with Maider or someone else who know me and she just came to prove her suspicion. If these is a trap; then kiss the world, I will go to jail and serve my sentence” he was starting to adjust to the outcomes. He thought of bribing the immigration people, they might suspect he is being involved in some illegal acts, and tip the cops, it would not be easy at all to approach them; he pushed the suggestion aside. There was a lot of inter-communication on him, a lot of illusion thoughts, he went to the bathroom, filled the bathe, and pulled off the clothes. He took the bathe slowly as he can, digesting the alternatives.
His cell phone rung, an anonymous number appeared on the screen, he answered.
“Am leaving tomorrow morning sweetheart” she suspected that to be Jane.
“When are you coming back?”
“In a week time love and be ready for me please” she did cut the call, he placed the phone aside and resumed the bathe, he dried and removed the bathe plug. He listened to the water as it escaped from the bath with easy, he wished he can escape the lady with the same easiness that the water was having.
He got dressed, a short, a plain vest and pulled on the slippers and went in to the living room. He switched the TV on, caught the early evening news after the  news, was sport, and all of a sudden he was back in a pool of thoughts, about how he have moved in a sudden twist from being poor to a middle-class he may say, but hey, the worst might come, in the six months that he had spent in city after his evil deed, he managed to possess two drivers license; a light duty and a special type, to add on that he managed to find a job as an operator at the mine, despite the involvement of money to find it, he was proud and earning around six thousand pula a month, Botswana is corrupt, he thought. Aside from the money he was earning he had a half a hundred thousand pulas in the bank, that is from the break-in, and he was somehow confident that if a smoke arise, he can afford a legal representation, and his old classmate and friend can be his lawyer, he should worry a little about that girl, he ensured himself. He switched off the television and went to bed he was on the morning shift the next day; he got to go to bed early.

Sunday morning came, cool and cozy; partly cloudy, misty and it was a bit chilly, but the weather was lovely. Jane called a taxi after finishing her breakfast; she dropped at the bus rank, stole a look at her watch 0931, “Oh! No, seems like I missed the bus” she hissed, and hurry to their parking point, badly it have taken off. She moved to the waiting-room, rested on a chair, he asked the lady on the opposite seat, when the next bus is leaving. And was told in the next thirty minute, with that little patience she waited for the bus, ten minutes before it arrived, she searched for something to eat, she found hot pie, and in her way back to the waiting room the bus arrived and she hurried to collect her belongs. 

A nearly old man was occupying the back seat, she sat next to him, they greeted in a native language, they chatted until the bus took off, old age people really got the wisdom and they should be included in the nation building program, which the government was about to enroll, as they will surely guide the young, she thought. The bus, started and she prepared for the long journey, in fact not that long just a four or five hour drive.

Maider called Gilly, they talked about the weekend.
“Hey, where are you, sweet boy?” she asked after the pickup.
“At work, Maider, at work girl” he repeated.
“Don’t you have just a bit of time, to have a little chat darling?” she was so demanding.
“Ok, about what girl?” Gilly asked
“Did she say bye-bye?”She bought a little time, to prepare for the actual initials of the call.
“Yep”
“And you love her, don’t you?” she poked him.
“Are you spying for her?” he giggled over the phone.
“Not actually, just asking”.
“I do, I prettily love her but am not sure am doing the right thing” he tried to milk her for an insight.
“And, you said that friend of yours is a lawyer, I need some legal advice, can I have his contacts?” she asked. Being so carried away by the love that he was about to find, he was too foolish to see what the next question was leading to, he was getting ambushed.
“Hold on please, just a sec” off the conversation, he had a chat with someone, and was back on the line again.
“You mean Professor, his numbers are +267” and she listened to the numbers as they were called to her.
“I had to go, girl” he cut off the call.
She punched Jane’s number it rung, “hello…hello” then a cut off followed it seemed like there was a network problem. She put the phone aside. “I will call her later” she murmured to the phone. She left the living-room, to the bed, she collected the laundry in the bedroom and piled it at the bathroom, and she started working on it.
 At 1449 the bus arrived at Rakops, she got out; bit exhausted, and she returned Maider’s call as she walked to her house.
“Hello, Jane” she was breathing heavily.
“Yes, why are breathing like that” she giggled at the question. Maider laughed too, she knew what her friend was thinking.
“Hell nothing, just doing my laundry” she struggling with the laughter.
“I missed your call earlier, any attachment to it”
“Not really, I got the contacts of that lawyer, you remember him, the friend to your boyfriend” she giggled.
“Just keep them, girlfriend”
“Maider” she called her. “I got a feeling that he is the one, what you think?” she paused for the response.
“Not certain about it, maybe he is the one, maybe no” she was so wary. “Just carry on with investigation girl” she gave her, her opinion.
“Ok” they cut off.
She turned left from the main road and followed the dusty gravel-road to the house, this is Botswana, so huge difference, between urban and rural, the thought hit her, went past the bridge and stopped for a few moments, envying the breeze of the current flowing Boteti River, she resumed the walk and finally was at her house, and she made a quick security check. Unlocked the door, throwing whatever she was carrying on the sofa, filled the bath, basically to relax, she took easy and peacefully.



Gilly Tshwene, was in mess of thoughts, they were coming back like a haunting dream, Jane mentioned to him that he was reported missing, and the news were like a ghost to him. Gilberto Tshwene was missing and had been searched for, the police hopes he is dead, the words rung loud on his ears. “And she had told me about the break-in at her house, a few villagers were suspecting the missing Gilly to have done it” he was at his basic thoughts of “what if’s”.
What if she digs hard to find my identity? I mean they have the contacts of Professor, how stupid have I been to give out the number so easy, I did not smell where this was leading, I messed again, he was paining at the thought that he messed. Maider played it smart huh; I did not see it coming. Following the thoughts, was a voice, that same voice, which visited him, the day it narrated the death of his parents.
“You are finished, domed and screwed, Gilly, nowhere out” the voice echoed, it was so clear and loud. He knew that whatever the voice articulated to him was so correct, and he got no reason to argue it, he almost cried as he repeated the words of the voice. Anyway let’s wait for the day to come, when it does arrives I will try to talk Jane against whatever she will be planning to do, maybe she will listen and I will…a tear rolled down, he tapped the head to stop more droppings. He had forgotten the sentence “I will…” and he started yet another sentence, if she truly loves me she will listen to me and she will forgive me. Another thought hit him, he was on a tornado of thoughts, what if she just fell in love with me just because she heard am Gilly- maybe to do her own investigations and when she is done she will just drop me without even confronting about it, and she will call the cops, and I will rot in jail, he was really in a mess and this time around there was nowhere out, I did got off the trail yet again.
He checked the time four-thirty; time to knock-out, he parked and turned off the dozer ignition, clocked out and went to his Z4; off which he was sure in a couple of days, weeks or even months it will be back to the rightful owner, but…but he repeated the buts, it will not be that easy as the car has been lawful and rightfully registered under his name, with the relevant documents having been provided for the registration.








CHAPTER SIX

The alarm wake her up at five-thirty, tossed the blankets to side, strode to the bathe room, she felt rejuvenated, lively and active, she filled the bath, took a towel, soap and other accessories, and started the bath, it was so lovely she felt the peace of the water and wished everything had a peace just like, will she settle for peace with Gilly if he is found guilty, she wondered if she will do that, and he had subject me to much pain and stress, emotional one for that matter, and the bible says an eye for an eye, tooth for tooth, I love him really, but he have to taste his own medicine, she thought, and made the decision, I would not settle for any peace, she made an oath.
She sang a song from one of the local rock band “twist”: till peace is gone was the song as she dried her both with the towel. She applied a lotion, and wrapped her naked body with a towel; she was just wrapping it though, her being alone in the room there was no need to cover her body, she went to the bedroom to dress, she opened the wardrobe and paused in front of it, still deciding what to put on, her hands cupped on the hips, she pulled a brown trouser, a white shirt, a brown jacket and a pair of brown flat push in shoes, she dressed and examine herself on the mirror, she felt much more pretty and stunning.
 She went to the kitchen had coffee and fat cake, she dropped the cup in the sink, and it was time to leave for work, she pulled the laptop bag  filled with books, and off she went to the school.

The morning session was a bit longer, since there were from the weekends, there was a hell of announcements to be made they left main assembly point at o-seven-forty-five, she went to the office, sat down and prepared for the lesson, which was due in  an hour, in twenty minutes she was through. She picked the receiver of her office phone and dialed Gilly it rung and she waited for the response.
“Yes dear” he picked.
“Hey is me darling” her voice full of joy. Gilly paused before he can give a response; he was a bit tight and nervous, just nervous.
“How are you doing darling” the skeptical Gilly responded.
“Just fine my love, I was checking how you are doing and telling you how much I miss you, I love you Gilly that’s a fact, and no matter the odds I guess I will always love you.” She assured him.
“I do too, Jane” he tried to make his voice sound appropriative for the answer; but the last portion of the sentence was unnerving. ”no matter the odds I guess I will love you” the word I guess have many outcomes and there was a chance of her not loving me if we can have the odds, he dropped the argument and they talked for another five minutes. After cutting the call she called Maider.
“He is under my nose girl” she giggled.
“Ok I like the sound of that, play your game girl, am in bit of hurry I will call you later love.”
Two minutes later Jane called Rose, she was in a class, but she stole a few minutes from the lesson, as she considered anything call from her friend to be so special and should be attended to no matter what. They had a chat and set an appointment.
“At my house, girl I got news for you.” She put the receiver down.
Five minutes before the lesson she left the office and went to the class, the siren rung to indicate the start of her lesson, she changed hellos at the door of the classroom with the teach who was coming out, she was full of energy and the students recognized that, they teased her about it, she just gave them a crocodile smile, she was gland that the tension she brought to her classes has finally eased. She taught for an hour, gave the assignment which was to be done in the last twenty minutes of the lesson, she collected the books for making at the end of the period.

The day seemed to be so short, the first shortest day since the break-in at her house, she gazed at the watch 1530, better get going is already time, she thought to herself. She passed by Rose who was busy at the staff-room attended to some students, they had a minute and she gave her the keys of the car. She waited for Rose in the car for more than five minutes, she came and they drove off. They stopped at her house, unlocked it, threw their things on the sofa, they both sailed to the kitchen and had a glass of water, and went back to the living room.
“So girl, break the shell, I can’t wait to hear: them; news” in a typical friendship posture she asked.
“I went to the Ghetto, this past weekend, and guess, what? I meet this guy whom I suspect to be Gilly, do you remember him?” she paused. Rose was silent for a while still figuring who she might be talking about, finally, she recalled. 
“You mean the lost and dead?” she laughed and added “you have seen a ghost huh?” again she laughed.
“Yea, the lost and dead, but there is something unpleasant about what I saw” she paused and went to the fridge; she produced the coke and poured a glass full for each. 
“The guy is not poor as they described him, in fact I had seen him before here I swear I did Rose, but by that time he looking that poor but to my surprise, he is driving the same model I used to have and seems like he is on a good life” she frowned at Rose. 
“And that is supposed to mean, what? I don’t want to imagine it, finally you have something for the police?” she quizzed.
“Not yet Rose, he said he is from Maun, and you know coloreds share names, I still have to verify his identity, before I can go to the cops.” She added
“So how are you going to do your verification?” she asked with much interest.
“I got the guy by the hook; soon I will be having something for you and the cops, am still doing my tiny investigations.” She completed with a smile.
“Hook! How?” with astonishment she asked. 
“Am dating the guy, as a way of bring him closer.” They talked about it for a while and weighed the options together with their possibilities.
They went to the kitchen, prepared supper, they prepared it and had it in the kitchen, and they spent about an hour over their supper, like school kids queuing they followed each other to the living room and they had a drink, before Rose said bye-bye. She closed the door behind her and locked it. She prepared a bath and after it she did some lesson planning for tomorrow.
The week sailed smoothly, and the thoughts of being at Ghetto over the weekend, started to be clear, she had the feeling that she cannot wait to start her investigations, she thought about the pleasure of being an investigator, cool and smart like those guys who are doing the duty for the FBI, she will be having the notepad, a pencil and maybe a recorder and will sit down with Professor the lawyer, she will look him on the eyes, smooth her hair and maybe swallow before starting the questioning, she will pause pick the glass of wine or soft drink after each question, just a typical FBI style, the only difference between them and her is that, she will have to offer her body, to Gilly the culprit.
She furthered her interrogation imaginations by formulating a couple of questions.
“What is you view on crime, lawyer especially serious crimes like attempted murder, rape and defilement?” she will quiz Professor, and listen to him as he narrates his view on the crimes and she notes down the necessary points.
And she will ask him, the question she have been dreaming to ask, “what will you do if you, partner, your lover in this case, had robber you, say before you meet him or her and in the process you find out that he/she had done the offence?” and maybe he will say, “phew hard to deal with, but it will depend on you as a lover how you feel about your partner, you can discuss about it behind closed doors, and settle for a conscience and you continue with your life, or just bring the person to book, no matter your situation” and I will just watch him as he gave the advise. I take a long sip on my wine and gave him a long stare before, I say “thank you lawyer.” But before you leave, you get something straight Jane, ask him this question.
“Do you know Gilberto Tshwene?” watch his facial expressions and detect any lying element from it, and erase any form of suspicion that he might detect from you, she smiled at her thoughts and regrouped her stationary before leaving for bed.












CHAPTER SEVEN

Friday morning she called Maider told her she will be coming to Ghetto after work hours.
“The thing is eating me up, Maider I want to get over it and see how far I will go with this” she told her.
“Ok love, everything will be in place and I will even book an appointment for you with the lawyer” she sounded determined to help out. They agreed on the appointment and they cut the line off.

For Gilly it have been a nightmare after a nightmare, he had been unable to sleep in a couple of nights, one night he dreamt being chased by some huge monsters which were in the form of dogs, he ran like someone being pushed by the wind, the monsters were sixteen, in the chase he approached a point on earth where there  was a huge crack, he paused by the crack, he wanted to go in but was afraid the monsters will see him going in the crack, he wake up when the dogs were about to catch him. He checked the time, two o’clock; he tired to digest the dream. Dogs in Tswana believe are cops and the black color reflected bad luck, cops, why are they chasing me? He quizzed the muse this time. And the answer: Jane is going to bring the cops to you, he was sweating at the answer, and he now believed that indeed he is done.
He picked his cell phone and called her, she had not communicated to him in number of days, and he suspected something. It rung and went unanswered he forgot about the call, he rolled to the side and face the wall, thought about Jane and he felt totally insecure and perplexed about what to do, I accepted  her at my own peril, so I should dance to the tune, ooh he thought, am already fucked up why can’t I just call her in the morning and tell her, we cannot be in love, to some certain reasons known to me, he brushed the idea aside, not before I fuck her and the whole thing is screwed, let me wait for the  final day, the assuring thought were more now.
He tried a prayer two words managed to come out “Lord, the father” he stopped the prayer and asked himself why is he praying, he had do something bad to someone and the lord was punishing him for that. I should ask for forgiveness, he does forgive regardless; he was voicing the words to the wall.
The city started to come to life, voices and car ignitions together with music, prompt him to look at the watch, it was just some few minutes after five, and he decided to doze.
The sun rays poured into his house heavily and they blinded him as he opened his eyes, rubbing the cob webs away, he recognized it was almost, to ten, he called the boss, and lied to him that he is not feeling well, he demanded the night-shift, the boss acknowledged the request after heavily tongue lashing him, he went back to bed. He missed the shift for the first time “fuck Jane, fuck the whole situation, he clutched his hands on a fist. His phone rung it startled him he was in the middle of something.
It was Jane calling; he stared at it, the call faded away, after a few seconds it began again he picked it up.
“Hello, Babe, I am coming to Ghetto today and am going to spend the night at your place, washing your back and wiping your dick…”
“Am on a night shift” he interrupt the offering.
“Why are you sounding jumpy, anything wrong?” she asked.
“Am fine,” he lied.
“Night shift that sounds bad, I will do it in the morning when you knock off, just helping you to relax your body, what do you think?” she winked to nobody.
“I will love that” he chuckled, Jane followed with a hilarious laughter. They charted for a while just like the love-birds do.

He took the bath after the conversation to easy his hard-on, ladies are powerful aliens when it comes to seduction, he uttered. He went into the kitchen after the bath, found an orange squash, four slices of bread and a meat left-over; he lifted his body and rested on the kitchen unit. He cleaned the plates after the meal, closed the kitchen and past the living room and through the main door, he locked the house, and started his car. He drove around the city, no particular place for him to go actually, paused by the Area L bars, a couple of coloreds were having a few drinks, he joined them after buying the Iron brew, he occupied the chair between the ladies, they talked, and had their drinks, he left them some minutes after three, “Time for work guys” he stood and strode to the car.

Mrs. Paul; Jane Paul left the school staff-room at 1530, she rushed to her house, took a quick bathe, packed her things she will need over the weekend in the hand bag and left for the hiking spot, she arrived at the spot at 1600, thirty minutes later she found a lift.
“Ghetto, madam” she told the drive. The lady who looked to be in her early fifties waved her in, they hit the road. They talked about the ladies stuff, about life and about youth of today, about how they indulge in bad things like drugs, careless sex activities and some are in criminal acts.
“These kids, are rotten down to the core, I mean from head to toes; you know, am a wanderer at Maun prison and there is a hell lot of juveniles at that prison, some of them are so wise upstairs but eish!…this world” the wanderer showed some remote feels. Jane added her observation to the discussions, “I have seen them at school, we already four expulsions this year and two are on trial for rape case, these kids need to be prayed for”
There was silence for twenty minutes or so, they listen to motors wheels as they made their contact with the tarred road, Jane broke the silence minutes later.
“Are you a native of Maun?” she asked.
“My accent tells it all, no need to asked” she laughed at the remark, Jane joined the laugh.
“Do you know any Tshwene’s, Gilberto Tshwene to be precise?” The shocked her head and the silence ruled the interior of the car. The lights of the city appeared, Jane stole time from the lady’s wrist watch 1749; “Wow a quick drive” she thought. After fifteen minutes the lady dropped her at Maider’s place, she rung the bell,  Maider came rushing to welcome her friend, she hugged her, and went into the house. She prepared supper while Jane was taking a bath; they meet at the living room everything in place
“You have gained a kilo, Jane why?” she remarked.
“Am in love” they locked the eyes and laughed.
“That’s good, and when are you going to submit” she touched her bikini in front. 
“Tomorrow, morning” they laughed again, Maider told her about the appointment with the lawyer.
“He said, two o’clock, tomorrow at his place, somewhere in block 8, we will call for directions.”
“That’s cool, girl, I real appreciate” they gathered the plates and dropped them in the sink and they went to the bedroom.

The alarm kicked, damn, six o’clock; Jane rose, wrapped her body with a towel, and went to take a bath. And was back in the bedroom, she put on a zip-up dress and did not bother to put a panty.
“Girl I am going to blew him away” she unzipped the dress in demonstration.
“Good luck” Maider giggled. She called the taxi, thirty-minutes later she was at Gilly’s place they meet at the gate, in his way back from the work, she opened the gate and Gilly drove in, he locked the car and unlocked the house, they stepped in, hugged each other and kissed.
Jane stepped backwards, “You look like a dustbin, darling, you better take a bath” she dropped on the sofa. Gilly licked the lips, winked at her and left for the bathroom. He opened the taps, undressed, and stepped slowly in the bath; he squatted, poured a handful on the head.
“You tired; take a bath” Jane was standing at his back. He turned and faced her and smiled as he watched her unzip the dress, first exposing the zip by the breast, the abdominal followed and the pubic hair was on sight now, and finally the thighs, she dropped the dress off, her eyes motionless and fixed on Gilly, and Jane giggled at him as his manhood started the growth. Gilly was blown away, a thought raced to his mind; I have seen this sexy body before, and that is the night I robbed her, it was so fucken sexy just like it is today, and ooh yeah am having the chance to please with it, Jane touched his chin and kissed him, he thought rushed away, she dropped her hands between his thighs, he gasped at the grip and remarked “nice dick, huh” they both laughed.
The party began and ended. They dried and dressed-up and left for the living-room. She picked the phone, four missed calls, she called Maider back.
“How was it” Maider teased.
“He got a nice dick Maider, and it was awesome” she laughed at her response.
“I know he got it, where is he now?”
“Off to bed, and am on my way too” she cut the call.
She went to the bedroom, Gilly was stone dead, indeed sex is a sleeping pill thought Jane, he searched his drawer, found a certified copy of driver’s license, he had owned the license for over three years, and she looked at the details of it:
Date of Birth: 02-06-1984
Place of Birth: Rakops Primary Hospital, her heart skipped, she turned and looked at him he was snoring, she saw a tear rolling down her chin, he is a fucking bustard, who robs the vulnerable, she was paining, she wished she got a gun, she would just shoot him fuck him, he had put me through a lot of pain; her utterance was accompanied by the tears. She searched further, another copy of the ID card this time, same details, she flicked other pile of papers, which was nicely packed at the corner of the drawer, the registration papers were among them, she stared at them for a while, and Gilly turned and resumed his snoring. She slides the papers back to position, she closed the drawer and left the room, she was not regretting having sex with him though. 

She closed the door, called Maider and told her about the findings, after the call she caught a taxi. They looked at the papers after her arrival.
“This is evidences, Maider” she said as they assessed the information.
“What are you going to do now? Surely you love him” she looked at Jane who was by now in the land of thoughts.
“I don’t think I ever loved him, I was suspicions and I laid a trap for him, and even if I loved him, was going to have no option after what he did to me and…” she looked at the copies. “…he is guilty and should be convicted, we need Professor for more information” she dropped her head for the copies once more. She called Rose informed her, Rose wished her good luck.
Half-past one, they caught a taxi to Block8 and dropped by the Block 8 shopping complex, they called Professor and the lawyer gave them directions, three minutes later they arrived at the place. A town house, which was painted in brown, and inside the wall, was where Professor lived, just few meters away from the complex, they rung the bell at the gate and a young looking gentlemen- on shorts, a blue golf T-shirt and men’s sandals opened the gate for them, they greeted and introduced themselves, Pro as the lawyer is called at the work place welcomed them.
“Come in, please” his English fully of black American’s accent and he ushered them in the house, he pointed to the black leather sofas, and they rested on the comfy of the sofas. He ducked behind one of the doors and cane with a tray, loaded with glass of juice.
Eyes toured the living room, Chinese ceramic, tiled the floor, windows extremely large, the living room got a fire place, and the ceiling fan was rotating slowly above them, providing the conducive environment needed, the air conditioning was off. The 115cm LG Plasma screen, stood erect on its stand facing them, a soft toned movie was playing and its music filled the whole living room, his laptop, a DELL model was blinking on the coffee table.
He pushed the PC to edge of the table and placed the tray next to it.
“Juice ladies, enjoy, by the way am Professor” he rounded them with eyes.
“I guess you are Maider” he was pointing at Maider, she smiled and nodded.
“This Jane, Gilly’s girlfriend” he extended the hand for shake, after the introduction.
“Hell, where did he meet you” he smiled and Jane grinned.
“You know him, what’s the relation?” Jane looked astonished.
“We grew up together, an old friend” and he returned the smile. There was something extraordinary about this young man, he made sure at the end of each statement he smiled and even before he can answer a question he smiles, first, and the fact that he was so moving and displayed some down to earth character was so appealing for the ladies and they found it easy to associate with him. The charisma of him was unquestionable and he was in position to win any girls attention. 
“Grew up together, where?” she asked. Professor stared at her for a while, took the remote and rewarded the movie.
“Did he tell you, where he is from, that’s bad then.” He was astonished, he pressed the play button and the movie resumed.
“Actually, we recently started dating, I haven’t asked him where he is from, you know when you are in bliss you sometimes forgot the important issues.” She frowned at Maider, Professor stood and came with a bottle of wine, Maider was the first to fill and the first to empty and she refilled.
“What” Maider asked her, she ignored the question and fixed her eyes on Professor, Pro can tell from the stare that she demanded an answer?
“Rakops, for heaven shake” he answered lazily.
“The guys looks like a well paid and when did he buy that flashy car?” she closed the eyes and pretended to take a sip form the glass. He leant forward and closed the laptop.
“Why are you interrogating me?” he bit the lower lip.
“Am not really interrogating you, just being curious about my man” she winked at him without the intension, she almost shied after the wink, silence followed, Maider filled the glass, she stood, glass on hand.
“Can I use your bathroom” she was starting to show the signs.
“Please, through that door, then turn to the left and open the second door” she left for the bathroom.
“Back to your question, madam…” he paused to ensure, whether Jane was pay attention or not. “…I first meet him in town about four months back and he was driving this pretty BMW Z4, new at the time and got no registration” he searched in disc bag and produced the TOM and JERRY, he injected the current playing and inserted the disc. Jane laughed “this is crazy”
“NO, I love them, and there is nothing crazy” he rebuked. 
“…and it got no registration”, and that’s four months back, let me see it perfectly match the day he broke in at my house she had intercommunication. He poured half-glass of wine. Maider came back, glass empty and the pants not properly zipped. Jane looked at her, Maider followed her eyes, and she noticed and zipped up.
“You had enough my dear” Jane challenged her.
“No dear, seems like he got more wine, and don’t worry he will drive us home” she had already made the conclusion. She bent for more wine.
Pro laughed, low though “you said you need some advice on law matters Maider” he reminded her. 
“Law advice” she puzzled. “…in fact I was calling for my friend Jane, she will ask you don’t worry” Jane elbowed her, and she just frowned.
“OK Mr. lawyer as a teacher we happen to teach students about law related issues and obviously we talk about crime and law, and I found it in my best interest to get your opinion on the crimes, especially serious ones like, murder, robbery, rape and defilement” she paused for her glass, which was half empty. Professor assessed the question first; those are the kinds of questions he enjoyed the most. Actually he used them to sure his mantle, he touched his chin and smiled.
“Well, crime is crime and we should not classify it and they should weighed equal, because to commit it, you do leave some different kinds of aftermaths both in individuals and communities, that may be stress, financial problems or injures, and am total against  crime” he was boosting. Jane tried the wine, to kill the unsettling nerves; she assessed the answer, well displayed and said.
She laughed at the movie. Before she can drop, the question she was here for actually. She licked her lips and her eyes frowned.
“What will you do, if you partner, had robbed you before, let’s say before you meet him/her and in the process you discover that, your lover is the committer.” She held her breath, he might sense something, he is a trained lawyer, she thought.
“Well, it does depend, if you just meet him/her and you later on discover, the deed he/she had done to you, it will depend on you as a partner, how you feel about the partner and what kind of suffer he/she did bring to you, according to me as a lawyer crime is crime and it should be trialed, regardless of your  situations, and if someone is found  or caught hiding crime will be trialed and sentence” he responded without actually thinking about the answer.
“Thanks, lawyer” she refilled the second glass of wine. Professor traced the conversations to where it has started, he discovered something, this whole thing was something to do with Gilly, and he suspected the information he gave might land his home boy in a hot soup.
“You said, you are teacher, where?” he asked to verify his suspicion. Jane glazed at him before she told him, she a teacher at Rakops. He closed the eyes and was involved in a short secret prayer.
“You played like a lawyer, so he stole you car” a concern showed in his voice.
“Not really, am just trying to gather the information” she did not hope he can sense what she was up to.
“You did it like me, where have you learned the investigation skills.” He was kin to know.
“At school” she informed him. After an hour, he dropped them at their house. The fact that he has nailed his long time friend was unsettled, stopped for a drink in his way back home.
She called Gilly and told him she will be leaving on Sunday afternoon, he demanded she came over to his place, and no was an answer, a rough NO. Gilly smelled something was wrong, but was unable to figure out what, maybe Maider told her some nasty stories about him and she was pissed off, he brushed the thought aside, since he did not want to dwell much on it.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Sunday came and went, no call from Jane, he called her, the phone went unanswered, he called Maider to ask what’s wrong and nothing was wrong according to Maider’s explanation and she added “maybe she is  busy preparing for the class, am sure she will call you, she is absolutely in love with you” she lied. Gilly stayed positive, and went to be the bedroom, the night bored him, as it seemed longer than usually, his mind was on what he had with Jane and he wished it can last longer, in fact he hoped it lasts for a while to give him chance to come out off his shell and tell what happened, and ask forgiveness, promise to marry her and settle their differences, he fell asleep in the middle of the thoughts.

Almost a week passed with Jane still having the information about Gilly in her possession, still deciding what to do with it. Monday of the second week, she called the headmaster and informed him, she will not be coming to the lessons,” and I got an important issue, information that am supposed to submit to the police” she told the master. She called Rose gave her the schedule of the lessons, and told her she will be going to the cops. She weighed the options all night long and had come to the conclusion, she loved him and that will not stop her from avenging what he did to her, she really had a dilemma, and she overpowered her feelings.
She knocked at the station reception, a middle age lady, wearing the constable batch, waved her in, she did not bother to read the name on the batch, and she occupied the seat, greeted the lady and asked for Mr. Samuel, a few minutes he appeared.
“Jane, what can I do for you” he extended his hand for a hand shake.
“The case, Mr. Officer” she rebuked.
“Unfortunately, we still got nothing about it, unless you have any insight” he told her. Jane looked him on the eyes, these cops are a bunch of dump asses, they do not know how to carry their duties, the government should chase all of them, she thought. She handed him the copies of Gilly’s documents, Samuel examined them carefully, trying to recall, who the fuck is Gilberto Tshwene, he finally did, and he was leading the search of him.
“And this, what is attached to them” he asked careless.
“That’s the guy you should be tracing you dump ass, he is alive and I swear he is responsible for the crime” she was a bit furious.
“He is still a suspect, not yet responsible and please for your sake leave the matter to us, we will handle it” he was feeling a bit embarrassed, with the fact that he failed on his duties, somewhere or somehow. She stole a stare at him and warned.
“I want him to be arrested within this week, or I will handle it myself” she was firm on this. Samuel sensed the seriousness on her voice, and of course there was a way or two in which she can handle it and either of them can jeopardize his police station and their working ethics, he should ensure he trace the suspect within a week and arrest him. 
“Anything, mean physical address or anything that can make the search easy for us” he demanded.
“Nothing actually, apart from the fact that he stays at Ghetto, and has a friend, at the attorney general” she hide most of the information, with intensions though.
The constable thanked her, and Samuel knew how difficult the duty might be, and the friend at the attorney might have got the tip from Gilly about the incidents surrounding him; and the chances of denial are high, lawyers sometimes are the hardest people to deal with. They parted and Jane went home.

She went home and waited for the 1800 hours, in fact to call Gilly and tell him he is a monster, that robbed her, and had failed to see the tarp when was laid in front of him, and that the cops are at his doorstep, she will tell him that he is going to rot in jail, and will conclude, “I never loved you, was just making things simply for my investigations.” I … I love him though, the conscience of the rather heated and passionate love, rushed to her thoughts locations. He might be a monster as she thought he was, but on the other note, he had a calm, warm heart and in the time of her tiny investigations Gilly gave her the best love ever, the love she had never ever experienced in most of her life. Another dilemma hit her hard, she was in a totally of confusion she didn’t know what to do. “Damn I missed up, I should had not be in love with him, I got off my trail” she murmured the words to herself.

The nightmare of Gilly and the night she was robbed by her monster boyfriend, played in her mind as if they were somehow read to her aloud, it was a very hurting experience, no matter how hard she tried to ignore the events, they kept coming back to her uninvited, she sobbed a little bit, push the tear away with the back of the hand, straightens her head. You better make a decision Jane, something mused inside her, and matter of fact is that you love the dude, don’t you? The muse questioned her. The answer to that was more obvious, “Yes I do love him”, was the answer that she may gave to anyone who asked the same question. But he had put me under the misery, he stole my car and my money, the car he still got and the money probably he had messed it all, she argued with the misery advisor and questioner. In her mist of thoughts she recalled that she had already submitted the information about Gilly to the cops. She stood, sailed to the kitchen, then the leaving room, finally to the bedroom; she was in a mess she did know what she was looking for in all the interiors of her apartment. Picking the phone she dialed Gilly’s number it rang, she dropped before it was picked. She gave a check at the wrist watch, four past four; obviously Gilly was in his way home from work. Her stomach rumbled she ignored the message; basically she had the last meal at past seven in the morning. 
She went through to the calendar checked the date, she so messed that she checked almost every thing, 25th of the month, the date was. She ignored it; suddenly a zest of thought remind her the date, she was support to be in her days, and is now two days past the actually date. She recalled the night they made love; they actually had sex without protection and the other… her heart almost missed a bit, no! It can’t be. “I cannot be pregnant with his baby” She cried her breath out. The possibilities ruled her thinking, the “what if’s” were more. And the conclusion seem somehow obvious, she better run a pregnancy test. Picking the phone again, this time she called Maider. “Hey girlfriend” she tried to keep her voice calm, but it failed her it did tremble, and Maider detected it. “What’s wrong Jane?” she asked her friend. She swallowed hard, a big sigh… “I… think am pregnant with his baby, Maider” a gentle cry followed... “I missed my period.”
“Try to calm done, and lets figure a way forward. What’s next? Is the big question and with the information you got, about the father, is better we look it through.” The mentioning of the information and what she had done about it; sent a chill down her spine. The possibility of having a baby, whose father is at jail weighed heavily upon her, how is she going to raise the baby without a father? “But… Maider” she choked with words “... the information is with the cops now, I discovered my pregnancy after submitting” there was silence for a long while, Maiden forced a sigh “So what’s next? A baby without a father..? Or a baby who is going to be shut from knowing the actually being of his or herself? You better think Jane, and think fast and smart.” The words were frank and point on, she better think or face the embarrassment of both her family and friends, and the only way to make things right is to back to the police, tell the officer the actual truth, and opt out of pursuing the case any further. Ofcourse with reasons; valid reasons she got the right to call the case off, and the fact that she truly loved her monster boyfriend played a part on the decision. After a moment of a long thinking she resumed the conversation again. “I got a plan Maider, I will handle it, and if you didn’t know I truly love Gilly.” She blamed her conscience for not had a clear judgment and having led her to take the case to cop, without even hearing the story behind Gilly’s actions.

The nearly muddy gravel road that snaked its way through the thick busy acacia, took her only five minutes to be at the police station, she looked for Mr. Samuel explain to him why she wanted the case to be closed. It took them a nearly twenty minutes and establishments of facts to why they should not pursue the case, finally the officer understood and a mutual agreement was made the instances surrounding the case is purely between them.
Now the only fact remained, either to tell Gilly about the case or not, she opted not to. She called him; they shared the excitement of having a baby. The suspecting and the case were sealed between Jade and Maider.










