      







The Obsessor
Albert Pabek Thriller - Book 2
Shane Simpson
Copyright Shane Simpson 2014
Published at Smashwords
      

The Obsessor
Albert Pabek Thriller
Book 2
By Shane Simpson
© 2014
Shane Simpson Books
publisher@ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
 This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

THE OBSESSOR

Copyright © 2014 by Shane Simpson

All rights reserved.  In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher constitute unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property.  If you would like to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), prior written permission must be obtained by contacting the publisher at publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com.

Shane Simpson Books
publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com

Follow Shane:
ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
AlbertPabek.com
twitter.com/ShaneSimpson_
facebook.com/ShaneSimpsonBooks

Contact Shane:
shane@albertpabek.com
Publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com


First edition: September 2014

978-0-9899836-5-5  (Print)
978-0-9899836-4-8  (E-Book)

      










A special thank you to each person 
who enjoyed The Owner enough to write to me and talk about the book.  

Also, thanks to a handful of readers that pestered me for months with the questions.
“Where’s the sequel?”
And
“What’s Albert getting into next?”
Chapter 1
“LAND THE PLANE!” 
The captain responded, “Sir, there’s a lot of air traffic congestion.  Oakland Center has rejected our request for a direct vector to Hayward Executive.  It will still be a few more minutes.”
At the moment, Pete Quinn was leaning into the cockpit of the Cessna Citation X.  The namesake partner of Quinn Properties was trapped in a small tube with wings.  The tube with wings was thousands of feet in the sky.  
He knew that distracting the pilot further would accomplish nothing.  Slightly hunched over due to the limited headroom in the plane, Quinn stepped away from the cockpit and poured a cup of tea in the tiny galley.  Then, he walked to the rear section and sat in one of the four large chairs distributed around the cabin.
Breathing deeply, he closed his eyes and worked to calm his nerves.  He was a helpless passenger.  He must accept the current situation.  He could do nothing about it.  
Opening his eyes after the deep breaths, Quinn gazed out the window.  The plane was flying north along a parallel path to the California coast.  He could see the coastline out the right window and guessed the plane to be about ten miles offshore.  It was a picturesque setting that he could not adequately admire at the moment.  His mind was distracted by too many problems.
Across the intercom, the captain said, “Sir?”.
Interrupted from his thoughts, Quinn looked away from the window.  He pressed the intercom button.  “Yes?”
“We’ve been cleared for entry to Hayward Executive.  We are landing from the north onto runway 10R.  I’ll have you on the ground in fifteen minutes.”
Quinn finished the remaining tea in the cup, reclined the plush blue leather chair, and closed his eyes.
It was Sunday morning.  A short overnight trip to Las Vegas, Nevada, he had been away only fourteen hours.  Outside appearances suggested the wealthy man had jetted off for a wild Saturday night at the Bellagio.  However, as was most times the case, appearances were deceiving.
Quinn had been in Vegas for a secretive business discussion.  The private meeting had been with Bill Shefford, the present CEO of RPW Corporation.  The two men had been talking for several weeks, always doing so discretely, and in locations outside of the Bay Area.  
Obscurity was essential.  The risks were high.  Neither man could afford for their respective business partners to learn of the betrayals.  At the least, it would mean a certain loss of wealth.  
Of most concern to Quinn and Bill was loss of life - their’s specifically - at the hands of The Obsessor.  The Obsessor was the codename for Rebecca Edwards.  Bill had thought up the moniker during a drinking binge a few weeks earlier.
The Obsessor had many fixations.  Power, money, ultimate control, and good health.  Her most obsessed fixation at the moment was the relentless pursuit of Albert Pabek.
Eliminating the opportunity for a short nap, Quinn’s mobile phone, laying on the small lipped table near his seat, buzzed and bounced around.  Quinn tilted his head and looked down at the phone.  He grimaced after seeing the caller’s name displayed.  
“What?” Quinn said, after picking up the phone and pressing the Accept Call icon.
Rals Farley said, “We have trouble.  There’s been another delay getting the injunction against Plant 18.  RPW’s lawyers are more resourceful than I expected.”
“Damn it, Rals!  This is the third time you have failed to legally cripple Plant 18.  Stop blaming it on the attorneys.  Rebecca is going to be all over both of us soon.  We have to get this fixed.”
“No shit!  Get off my back.  Rebecca’s already up my ass about it.  This was your task; not mine.  You deal with her.  It’s Sunday.  I plan to enjoy the day drinking beer and watching football.”
The captain announced, “Sir, we are landing now.  Again, I am sorry for the delay.”
Quinn said, “I gotta go.  Get it fixed.  This is your responsibility.”  He pressed the End Call icon leaving Farley no opportunity to mouth off again.
The jet landed gracefully on the Hayward Executive runway.  The pilot taxied directly into the Quinn hangar; it was located near the main terminal.  As the plane rolled to a stop, Quinn climbed out of his seat, walked forward, and opened the cabin door.  
He stepped out of the jet and admired the freshly repainted aluminum skin.  From tip to tail, the plane was an incredibly vivid shade of blue, fittingly named Quinn Azure.  Two months earlier, Quinn  had repossessed the Cessna Citation X from RPW Corporation.  Immediately thereafter, he commissioned a repaint and reupholster of the airplane previously owned by the late Karl Remons.
Quinn walked to his car.  It was one of several that he possessed.  Today, he was driving the BMW Z4 35i.  It was a hardtop convertible and had been special ordered from the Regensburg, Germany factory.  The factory had custom painted it for him.  The color was Quinn Azure.  
He opened the door and slid into the leather seat.  Of course, it was custom upholstered in Quinn Azure.  The top was already down.  He pressed the ignition start button, engaged the electronic shifter to Drive, set the suspension to Sport mode, and raced his way off the airport property.
Quinn turned right on Skywest Drive, and then made a right on Hesperian Boulevard, followed by another right on Winston Avenue.  He passed below the I-880 overpass, exited to the right on the circle entrance ramp, and was soon blasting north along Nimitz Freeway.
He had an appointment later in downtown San Francisco at Candlestick Park.  With seats on the fifty-yard line, Quinn refused to be late for the 1:25 PM kickoff.  The 49ers-Colts matchup would, no doubt, be an exciting game to watch.
He exited on I-980, sped the BMW up to MacArthur Freeway, turned north, and then exited onto the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge.
His destination was a penthouse in downtown San Francisco.  His suite occupied the entire forty-eighth floor of the luxury tower.  The penthouse was a landmark on the city skyline, as Quinn had painted the top edge of the roofline Quinn Azure.  
Quinn zoomed across the bridge and had just passed over Treasure Island at a high speed.  The high speed caught the interest of the police car he passed.  The police car sped up, turned on its siren and lights, and pulled him over.
“Damn it!” Quinn exclaimed, as the officers were walking up to his car.
“Sir, vulgarities aren’t necessary,” the first officer said.
“I’m sorry, Officer.”
“License, registration, and insurance card, please.”
Quinn dutifully handed over the documents.  Then, he said, “I just flew in from a business trip.”  No need to mention he was on his private jet.  “I’m running late for another meeting.”
The officer ignored his plea for a free pass.  He said, “Mr. Quinn, I will be citing you this morning for excessive speed.  We clocked you at 87 miles per hour.”
“Yes, sir.  I understand.”
Quinn picked up his phone from the center console and texted out a message to his personal attorney.  It said, “Ticket.  Treasure Island.  SFPD.  87.  Fix it.”
The officer handed him back the documents, along with the citation.  He said, “Mr. Quinn, please slow down.  I know this ticket means nothing to you.  But, I urge you to think about the dangers of driving fast.”
“Thank you, Officer.  Have a nice day.”
Quinn revved up the BMW and sped away, reaching the condominium tower ten minutes later.  He parked the BMW, grabbed his bag from the trunk, and walked to elevator.  Once aboard, he pressed the button for the Q Floor and keyed in the security code.
Immediately, the elevator moved upward.  The elevator ignored all commands from other tenants that may have pressed the Up button.  Quinn’s wealth had its privileges.  In this case, express elevator rides - up or down, day or night, waiting passengers or not.
The doors opened on the Q Floor.  He stepped into the Quinn Azure painted foyer.  Then, he walked down the Quinn Azure painted corridor, through the Quinn Azure decorated living area, and finally reached the Quinn Azure adorned bedroom.  He walked to the bathroom and turned on the water in the Quinn Azure tiled shower.  
After disrobing, he dropped the Quinn Azure slacks and shirt in the dirty clothes hamper.  He was in phenomenal shape, regardless of his age.  He exercised every day, ate healthily, and drank moderately.  Standing five foot and eleven inches tall, he religiously maintained his weight between 185 and 190 pounds.  
Quinn was muscular, with a broad chest and large biceps, but definitely not a muscleman.  He was just well fit.  His dark skin was a strange contrast to his deep blue eyes.  His eye color could only be described as Quinn Azure.
Stepping into the shower, the ceiling lights, glowing a Quinn Azure color, automatically brightened.  
Rebecca Edwards may have been labeled The Obsessor, but she wasn’t the only one.  Quinn Azure permeated Pete’s life.  He was obsessed with his special color of blue.
Chapter 2
It was 8:03 AM, on the first day of fall, and the 90th day of Albert’s new life.  
Albert was standing on the bridge.  Daylight had made its appearance, and he was sailing Teleport with the sliding bridge doors open.  Along with his recently acquired cat, Jagsy, they were just south of San Francisco, sailing a north-northeasterly heading; seven miles remaining on the final leg of the journey.
Sighing loudly, Albert said, “Jagsy, we’re almost there.  Guess we need to check in.”  Jagsy was sitting on the forward console, close to the centerline but more toward the forward companionway.  The cat was looking out the windshield and seemed indifferent to the rolling seas. 
Albert reached the the overhead console.  He turned up the volume on the VHF radio and set it to channel 16.  Then, he lifted the handheld microphone from its clip and pressed the talk button.  “Pier Marina, Pier Marina, Pier Marina, this is the sailing vessel Teleport.  Over,” he said.
The harbormaster replied, “This is Pier Marina back to the vessel calling.  Please acknowledge.  Switch and answer channel 68 – repeat channel six eight.  Over.”
Albert confirmed, “Six eight over.”  He switched to channel 68.  “Harbormaster, Teleport here.”
The harbormaster replied, “Teleport…  Albert!  How are you this morning?  Back for another visit?”
Albert was returning to San Francisco.  He had only been away for three months.  Recognizing the voice, he replied, “Carlos, how are you this morning?  Yes, I’m back for a few days.”
“Glad to hear that.  I just checked.  Your old spot on Dock 14 is open.  That work for you?”
Albert replied, “Thanks.  It’s perfect.  We are seven miles out.  I’ll check in with you after docking.”
“Affirmative.  Will you require US Immigration and Customs clearance?”
“Yes, please.  I’m just coming in from Cabo San Lucas.  Over.”
“Roger.  Over and out.”
Albert had spent the last two months lazily floating in the waters around Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.  He had embarked from Santa Cruz, California on June 24, 2013, and had steadily meandered south along the coastline, with stops in Santa Barbara, Long Beach, and San Diego.  From San Diego, he had continued south, sailing a nonstop offshore passage to Cabo.
Before his departure from San Diego, the last United States port, Albert had secured a vessel import permit for Teleport from the Mexican government.  This helped to simplify his entry into the country during the Immigrations and Tourist Visa processing after his arrival in Cabo San Lucas.  
On his Mexican Customs declaration form, Albert purposely failed to declare a few items; namely eight pistols, four rifles, three shotguns, a large ammunition store, and two million dollars in cash.  Fortunately, there were no troubles with the officials.
Now, he had a similar problem – not declaring the same things with US Homeland Security.
“Jagsy, you stay here.  I’ll be back.”
Albert pressed the autopilot icon on the display screen.  Teleport’s electronic systems took control.
 He climbed down the forward companionway stairs on the left side of the bridge.  He passed through the salon and headed directly to the forward passageway.  It led to the sleeping berths, forepeak companionway, the anchor locker, and the head.
Stepping into the head, he double-checked that the disguised entrance to his secret, Kevlar reinforced room was properly sealed.  The room was hidden between the head and Albert’s cabin.
He walked back through the salon, climbed the companionway stairs, and stepped onto the bridge.  Jagsy was now asleep.
Albert switched off the autopilot.  The Golden Gate Bridge was directly in front of them.  He depressed and held the buttons, Main-Furl and Headsail-Furl on the console.  Electric motors began turning.  The electric motors driving the gears began to furl the main and genoa sails.  As the genoa furled, he depressed the button, Headsail-Starboard-Ease.  This released tension on the sheet attached to clew of the headsail.
Now, it was time for the Perkins Brothers, a pair of engines deep inside Teleport, to wake up.  Albert started the port diesel and followed with the starboard diesel.  The Perkins M150 Ti engines powered Teleport when she was not under sail.  Each engine generated 150 horsepower.  Teleport had the ability to move faster than many speedboats of her equivalent size.
Albert placed his left hand on the stainless steel wheel, an Edson five-spoke design with a thirty-inch diameter.  He reached around the wheel with his right hand to the engine controls, engaged the transmissions, and pushed the throttles to 1,200 RPMs.  Teleport’s speed increased to twelve knots per hour.  
He surveyed the two 19” glass touch screens on the lower instrument panel.  All systems were green.  Then, he checked the three 12” glass touch screens on the upper console.  Equally, they were all green.
The lower left side 19” screen was displaying a GPS map of their position.  It indicated 4.21 nautical miles remained in their journey.
Jagsy was lying flat and on top of Albert’s mobile phone.  He moved the cat, picked up the handset, and selected Malcona Payne from his contacts list.  Malcona Payne was the Chairman of the Board at RPW Corporation - the successor owner of Remons Global.
He typed out a text message, saying, “Arriving within the hour.  Let’s meet at Dad’s Coffee & More.”
Malcona Payne replied, “Okay.  Things got worse overnight.  Plant 18 still under siege.”
Albert replied, “No worries.  We beat Karl Remons.  Quinn can’t be any worse.”
Malcona responded, “You may be surprised.”
Chapter 3
Rebecca Edwards rammed the gas pedal with her right foot.  At the same time, she twisted the steering wheel hard to the left.  The car vaulted forward and bolted past the slower sedan in front of her.
As she blew past, Rebecca extended her right hand toward the passenger window and waved it obscenely at the sedan’s driver.  She yelled, “You dumbass!  Get off the road!”  
The hand gesture and her vulgarity each went unnoticed by the other driver.  The windows of her Audi R8 coupe were darkly tinted.  Rebecca Edwards feared the sun and obsessively avoided direct exposure.
The white V10 powered sports car, with 525 horsepower in its trunk, quickly reached over one hundred miles per hour.  Rebecca was headed south on Highway 101 along the section known as the Redwood Highway.  She blasted through San Rafael and was soon approaching Sausalito.
It was Sunday morning, a doubly evil description for a non-early-bird like Rebecca.  She was returning to San Francisco from her weekend home in Sonoma.
Along with Quinn and Farley, Rebecca was a partner in Quinn Properties.  Until three months earlier, Rebecca was also the technological mastermind, the Chief Information Officer, at Remons Global.  She had worked there with Farley, the Chief Financial Officer reporting to Karl Remons.
Pressing the Talk button on the car’s steering wheel, Rebecca said, “Call Malcona Payne.”
The car replied, “Calling Malcona Payne – Mobile.”
On June 24, Karl Remons had capitulated to Albert’s complex psychological war against him.   He had sold Remons Global to RPW Corporation.  RPW was owned by the widows of Remons former business partners - Reynolds, Payne and Wilson.  Malcona Payne had been voted board chairman and was the only partner active in the day to day business dealings.  Reynolds and Wilson had no interest in the details.  They were passive investors with one expectation: a return on their investment.
Answering on the third ring, Malcona bluntly asked, “What?”
Malcona and Rebecca rarely hid their mutual hatred of each other.  
Rebecca responded, “Listen, you rude bitch.  I want my money.”
Malcona said, “So?  I guess, as a spoiled child, you wanted a pony, too?”
As if Malcona could see her, Rebecca flipped off the speakerphone in her car.  She laughed, “You shouldn’t have fired me.  I’m going to take my company away from you.  You know that, right?”
Malcona didn’t respond.  She had hung up on Rebecca.
Rebecca jabbed the Talk button on the steering wheel.  “Call Malcona Payne!”
The car replied, “Calling Malcona Payne – Mobile.”
The phone rang one time.  Malcona answered, “Leave me alone.  I’ll see you at the game today.”  Then, the phone went silent again.  She had now hung up on Rebecca twice.
Rebecca was furious.  She needed an avenue for her anger.  Pressing the Talk button, she said, “Call Rals Farley.”
The car replied, “Calling Rals Farley - Mobile.”
Two rings later, Farley answered.  “What’s up, Rebecca?  Kind of early for you; particularly on a Sunday.”
Ignoring his question and obvious comment, Rebecca said, “I’m headed to The Owner.  Couldn’t sleep.  Where are we at on Plant 18?”  
She didn’t bother to tell him where she was headed first: Quinn’s downtown penthouse condo.
Rebecca heard Farley exhaling.  She had worked with him long enough to know nothing had been accomplished.  He was stalling.
He responded, “Our lawyers are still fighting the RPW attorneys.  Now the local municipality has sided with them.  There’s a loophole in the agreement that RPW has identified, and they are leveraging it to the maximum.  Not helping either, I think RPW bought off a local judge.  He’s favoring their position.  They had to have paid him off.  I know how that type of —”
“Damn it, Rals!” Rebecca slammed her hand on the steering wheel.  Further interrupting his dribbling speech, she screamed, “Quit making excuses for your incompetence.  We are running out of time.”
“Don’t yell at me, Rebecca.  It’s accomplishing nothing.  I’ll talk to Quinn.  This is his primary responsibility.  You know that.”
“Get it done.  I have to go.”  
Rebecca pressed the End Call button and turned up the music on the car stereo.  She was listening to The Beatles; specifically the Anthology collection.  She was playing the 145 song album in chronological order.  Once finished, she would sort the album alphabetically and play it a second time through in the revised sequence.  Finally, a third listening would be randomly played.  This would be the last time she ever listened to the album.  She would promptly delete it from her collection after the third round.  
Zipping across the Golden Gate Bridge, Rebecca looked toward downtown and admired the sight of The Owner.  A massive yacht now owned by Quinn Properties, The Owner was nestled in its private berth east of Pier Marina.  She nostalgically smiled at the vessel where she had spent considerable time in the past few years. 
Three months earlier, Rebecca and Farley were fired along with twenty-one other high ranking executives of Remons Global, following RPW’s acquisition.  Unbeknownst to everyone, Rebecca and Farley had created a shadow operation within Remons Global.  Secretly, the two had colluded and sold many of the Remons Global real estate holdings to Quinn Properties, and then subsequently arranged a lease back strategy.  
Quinn Properties was a closely held private company, and Pete Quinn was the only known shareholder on public records.  Rebecca and Farley were invisible; all of their contracts with Quinn were confidentially held by the three partners.
The embezzlement strategy had served two purposes for Rebecca and Farley: wealth and power.  
The wealth portion was easy to understand: it allowed them to divert millions of Remons Global money to their own accounts for significant personal gain.  The power portion was more complicated.  The leaseback scheme gave Quinn Properties legal power to cripple Remons Global at any time.  Quinn Properties had clauses within the leaseback agreement allowing it to triple rental rates, ‘based on market conditions’, at any time.
After Malcona terminated Rebecca and Farley, Quinn Properties immediately exercised its option to triple RPW’s monthly rental rates.  Quinn Properties had one objective.  Raise the rents excessively and choke the life out of RPW.  Then, they would steal away the company from the current shareholders.
RPW did not have sufficient free cash flow to cover the increased monthly lease rates.  Now that RPW was late on its payments, Quinn Properties was making a full court press for a legal takeover of the company.  Quinn Properties had filed liens against RPW’s assets across several states. 
Rebecca reached San Francisco.  She weaved her way to The Embarcadero and headed east.  At Battery Street, she turned right and headed south.  A few blocks later, she skidded into the covered valet service driveway, leapt from the car, and slammed the door.  Still, her only thought was how it was too early to be working on a Sunday morning. 
Charging through the lobby entrance, authoritatively she tossed her keys at the attendant, and said, “Don’t scratch it.  I’ll be back in less than fifteen minutes.”
Stepping into the elevator, Rebecca pressed the Q button and keyed the security code.  The elevator moved rapidly to the top floor.  Even before the doors were opening, she was screaming, “Quinn!”
Quinn walked from the bedroom into the living area.  He was only wearing a towel.
“What are you screaming about, Rebecca?”
Rebecca shook her head and hissed at him.  “Put some clothes on.  This isn’t a gym locker discussion.  I’ll wait.”
Rebecca walked across the room and sat on one of the sofas.  She removed a reusable glass water bottle from her bag and looked at the timer dangling from its strap.  The timer reading was “1:07”,   indicating she had not consumed any water in over an hour.  Rebecca reset the timer and drank a few gulps from the bottle.
Along with a spare carbon filter, she carried the bottle most everywhere.  Rebecca had researched its manufacturer for months before her purchase.  She knew exactly where the raw materials were procured and how the manufacturer had produced the bottle.  Rebecca had traveled to France and personally overseen the process.  
Today, her home was filled with ten cases from the trip; two hundred and forty individual bottles.  Enough to last a lifetime, according to her calculations.  She would use a bottle for three months before disposing of it.  
Quinn emerged from the bedroom in a thick, full-length robe; its color was Quinn Azure.  Sitting down beside Rebecca, he asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Wrong?  You tell me!  What the hell is happening with Plant 18?  Your guys are weeks behind.”
Quinn sighed.  “I’m sorry.  We are running into trouble.  I just got off the phone with Farley an hour ago.”
“Who is the attorney leading the Plant 18 injunction?”
“Rebecca…  Let me handle this.”
She dropped the bottle in her bag, stood up, and glared at Quinn.  “You are running out of time.”  
Leaving him no opportunity to respond, Rebecca headed for the elevator.  Quinn chased after her.  
“Don’t do anything.  Give me until tomorrow.”
Rebecca stood eye-to-eye with Quinn.  She was the same height.  Otherwise, their features could not be any more different.  Rebecca’s skin was white.  Not just pale – but white.  She avoided any direct exposure to the sun, as she was paranoid about getting skin cancer.
Her dark brown, almost black, eyes were slightly out of proportion to her face and head size.  Her hair was blond, nearing on almost colorless.  It was wavy and hung just below her shoulders.
She pressed the Down button on the elevator, turned to look at him, and said, “Noon tomorrow.  I take over after that.”  Then, she stepped in the elevator, and the doors closed.  
As the elevator doors opened in the lobby, she scanned the area in search of the valet.  He was leaning against the concierge desk, obviously flirting with the lady behind it.  Rebecca looked toward the covered parking area.  Her car was not there.
She stomped toward the valet.  “Get my car.  Now!  Make a date on your own time.  I told you to have it ready in fifteen minutes.”
“Yes, ma’am,” responded the young man.  He winked at the concierge and ran for the garage.   
Rebecca looked down at the young woman sitting at the desk.  She said to her, “Get a real man.  Someone with power.  Not a flunky car attendant.”
Lips pressed tightly, the young woman smirked a smile.  Rebecca knew the smile.  She used it often herself.  The smile was a loud message, saying, “Kiss my ass!”
Rebecca walked away from the desk and headed for the covered parking area.  The valet pulled up in her car.  He stepped out and held the door for her.  
Rebecca climbed into the Audi and buckled the seatbelt.  She pulled away from the high rise building, headed north on Battery, turned left at The Embarcadero, and soon reached her reserved parking spot near The Owner.
She locked up the Audi, opened a shade umbrella, and stood quietly on the boardwalk.  For three minutes, she admired the broad bow of The Owner; its name emblazoned garishly in black on both port and starboard sides just behind the retracted anchors.
For Rebecca, she considered the hostile takeover of RPW Corporation one of the most important tasks in her life.  No one fired Rebecca Edwards.  
Her other obsession was settling a score with Albert Pabek.  He had killed her brother, James Edwards.  It was personal.  Nothing could stop her.  Pabek would die; there was no other acceptable outcome.
Yes, The Owner had a new, twice vengeful and obsessed keeper.


Chapter 4
It was 9:08 AM.
Albert eased the throttles on Teleport and slowed her to four knots per hour.  The vessel passed behind the breakwater.  He motored the sixty foot long vessel beyond the end of Dock 14.  Then, he slowed her speed to two knots, and, hand-over-hand, turned the wheel hard to port.  Teleport responded obligingly and entered a left handed turn.  Albert pressed and held the Bow Thrust - Starboard Push button.  The high amperage electric bow thruster blades began aggressively spinning.  The bow spun around and soon Teleport was facing the marina exit.
Albert eased the throttles, straightened the rudders, and moved his finger off the bow thruster button.  Teleport approached the end of Dock 14.  Three months earlier, this had been his special parking place at Pier Marina.  
As they drifted up to the dock, Albert spun the wheel to port, in order to kick the stern against the dock.  Simultaneously, he depressed the Bow Thrust - Port Push button, and then placed the dual transmissions in neutral.  The side thruster pushed the bow gently along the padded dock.
Carlos was standing on the dock, waiting to see his repeat tenant.  Albert stepped out of the bridge and up on the deck.  He ran to the bow, just as Carlos tossed him a dock line.  Albert tied it off on the bow cleat.
Then, he ran down the deck to the stern.  Carlos tossed another line, and Albert soon had the ship tied off against the dock.  He stepped back down into the bridge and powered down the Perkins Brothers.
Albert climbed back up on the deck, jumped down to the dock, and extended his hand.  “Hi, Carlos.  Good to see you again.”
Still shaking his hand, Carlos patted Albert on the back with his free hand.  “Good to see you again.  How was Cabo?  How long are you staying?”
“Cabo was awesome.  It was my first time there.  Hopefully, I’ll get back there soon.  How soon depends on some things I don’t control at the moment.  I think that I—”
Albert noticed the US Customs and Immigration officer walking through the security gate for Dock 14.
Not wanting Carlos around any longer, Albert said, “I’ll come by and see you later.  Let me get cleared in with that guy.”  He pointed at the officer approaching them.
“Sure,” Carlos said.  “Stop by and get checked in.  The rate hasn’t changed.”
Walking authoritatively toward Albert, the officer said, “Sir, may I see your passport?  Do you need a customs declaration form?”
Albert shook his head.  This guy was all business.  Reaching into his jacket pocket, Albert removed his US passport and a properly completed US Customs declaration form.
Handing over the documents, Albert replied, “No, sir.  I had a form with me.  Here you go.” 
“Where are you arriving from?”
“Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.  I’ve been on vacation.”
“What other countries did you visit?”
“That was my only stop.  I sailed there from San Diego.  After my vacation was over, I sailed a direct course for San Francisco.”
Reading the declaration, the officer frowned and eyed Albert suspiciously.  “Sir, you’re not declaring anything?”
“No, sir.  The only thing I did in Mexico was eat and drink.  I left the remains of that consumption with Mexicans.  Know what I mean?”  Albert was attempting some humor.  It didn’t seem to be working.
The officer sighed.  “May I come aboard and look around?”
Albert nodded.  “Of course.  I love showing off Teleport.  Are you a sailor?”  He wasn’t making any progress warming up the officer.
“No, sir.  I just need to look around.  It will take about fifteen minutes.  I must ask you to remain on the dock.”
“No problem.”  Albert pointed at the cat.  “Can my miniature tiger stay aboard?”
Now, the officer smiled, just a little.  “The cat is fine.  You didn’t pick him up in Mexico, right?”
“No, he’s originally from Santa Cruz.  I don’t think he speaks Spanish.”
The officer ignored Albert’s comment.  He climbed up on the deck and stepped down into the bridge.
Albert removed the smartphone from his shirt pocket.  He opened one of his special apps.  Then he whispered, only to himself, “I can see you.”  Below decks, Albert had wide-angle-lensed security cameras spread throughout the ship.
Below decks, the officer had walked to the forward section.  It looked to Albert as if the man was going to work from front to back.  This wasn’t a cursory search.  Albert watched as the officer rummaged politely through the cabinets and closet in his stateroom.  He wasn’t worried about this room.
Then, the officer walked to the head.  He looked in the cabinet, beyond the vacuum powered toilet, and inside the shower.  Then, he stepped back into the forward passageway.  And, he stopped.
Albert looked away from the phone.  Jagsy was still on the bridge, sitting against the forward windows of the bridge.  To the cat, he said, “Why don’t you do something productive?  Can’t you distract him?”
The cat did nothing.
Albert returned his eyes to the phone.  The officer left the passageway and headed to the galley.  He opened all of the cabinets.  Then, he moved to the salon, again, opening all the cabinets.  Finally, he removed most of the cushions.  He looked below the seat-frames and down into the hull of the vessel.
The engine room door was along the wall separating the bridge from the salon and galley.  The officer opened the door and stepped down into the engine room.  Albert switched to the engine room cameras.  It looked as if the officer was becoming bored with his inspection.
The inspector left the engine room, closed the door, climbed up the companionway stairs, and stepped on the bridge.  As he walked toward the starboard sliding door, he realized there was an aft companionway.  He detoured down the stairs, shined his flashlight around the aft garage, and climbed back onto the bridge.
Then, he stepped up on the deck and looked at Albert.  He asked, “Where was this ship built?”
Slipping the phone back into his pocket, Albert smiled and replied, “Michigan.  I designed it, and my automotive manufacturing friends built it.  We did it all during the Great Recession.  Nothing else to do.”
Still standing on the deck, the officer looked at Albert’s passport.  “Mr. Pabek, she is a beautiful vessel.  Excellent craftsmanship.”  Then, the officer stepped off Teleport and onto the dock.  “Here’s your passport.  Welcome home.”
“Thank you, Officer.  Enjoy your Sunday.”
The officer walked back down the dock, through the security gate, and soon disappeared from view behind some buildings on the pier.
Albert climbed up on Teleport’s deck.  He looked at the cat, and said, “You are useless, Jagsy.  Not much of a secret agent, are you?”
The cat seemed to shrug his shoulders.  That’s what Albert thought, anyway.
Albert, Jagsy, the weapons arsenal, and two million in cash had safely returned to the United States.
-----
Albert Pabek was returning to San Francisco, following a three-month trip to Mexico aboard his sixty-foot sailboat, Teleport.  The vacation was well deserved.  Before his departure, he had successfully avenged the deaths of his parents – undoubtedly, the most important goal in his life.
Karl Remons, the man responsible for his parents’ deaths, had himself died.  Technically, Albert did not kill him.  However, it was very close.  The news media, even weeks later, was splattered almost continuously with stories about Karl Remons, Remons Global, RPW Corporation, and World Auto.  
The provocative news channels focused on the mystery surrounding the death of Karl Remons.  He died in a lopsided gun battle with US Homeland Security.  Dozens of theories were spreading on how this may have happened.  It was incredulous to believe a multi-billionaire suddenly became crazed enough to open fire on anyone, much less US Homeland Security.
Homeland Security had boarded Remons’ large ship, named The Owner, in the San Francisco Bay.  They were responding to an anonymous tip suggesting the vessel was being used to smuggle drugs.  After the shootout with Remons, the ship was seized and taken back to port.  It took US Customs two days to thoroughly inspect the gigantic yacht.  
No drugs were found.  The news fodder centered on what was found.  First, there were four dead men, apparently Remons employees, wrapped in tarps with anchors tied around them.  Then, there were the many weapons.  Finally, there was the money.  US Customs would not disclose the exact amount.  Rumors were it had exceeded thirty million dollars.
Stories quickly emerged about Karl Remons.  He was accused of personally murdering dozens of employees, using female employees as prostitutes, and laundering money internationally.
Albert had spent five years planning the demise of Remons Global.  With his help, the widows of Remons’ former partners, through their new company, RPW Corporation, had taken the company back from Karl Remons, just hours before his death.  
Once it was over, he was finally at peace with the world and the deaths of his parents.  He had decided to sail to Cabo San Lucas, and then… well there was no then.  Albert had no plan.  He had no schedule.  His plan was only a permanent vacation.
After he had arrived in Cabo San Lucas, Albert spent a couple of days surveying marinas.  He had picked one that seemed to meet his needs, and then paid in advance for one year.  He had thought, “After a year, maybe I will want to go somewhere else.”
Albert and Jagsy quickly settled into the Mexican lifestyle.  Albert spent most of his time swinging in a hammock tied on the bow of Teleport.  Jagsy’s time was spent lying nearby, watching birds and fish he would never attempt to catch.  On several occasions, Albert attempted to teach the cat a couple of new Spanish words, but the cat predominantly ignored him.
Life is unpredictable and Albert’s No-Plan was interrupted unexpectedly.  In late July, Max Lasteres called Albert.  He was upset.  Turned out that the Sikorsky helicopter gifted to him by RPW Corporation was not a legal transaction.  The title was held by Quinn Properties.  RPW owed Quinn lease payments and had refused to pay.  Quinn was trying to repossess Max’s helicopter.
Albert and Max had grown up together in Michigan.  The men shared one grief in common.  It was the first day of summer in 1997; the day their fathers died in a defective stamping press, as a result of Karl Remons’ greed.
Albert felt bad for Max and the Sikorsky situation.  He began to research Quinn and wondered if there was anyway he may be able to help.
By early August, Malcona Payne was calling Albert every few days.  She didn’t know how to handle Quinn Properties.  During most calls, Albert would ask about Bill Shefford.  It was his responsibility, after all, to manage RPW’s interests.  Malcona would make some derogatory comment, and then ask Albert’s opinions on handling Quinn Properties.  
In late August, Max sent a text message to Albert.  It read, “Me and my girl, Sikorsky, are going on the run.  I don’t know any other way to keep her.”
Albert read the message, and then said to the cat, “Well, Jagsy?  I thought we were done with San Francisco.  Guess we are going back.  This world is a strange place.”
Albert had already readied Teleport, anticipating a return to the Bay Area.  They waited four days for favorable winds to arrive, and then set sail for San Francisco.
Chapter 5
It was 9:32 AM.
Albert switched on the central air conditioner, just for the cat, and climbed onto the bridge.  He surveyed the glass touch screens.  Everything looked okay.  He closed the port side sliding door, walked across the bridge, stepped up on the starboard deck, and closed the other bridge door.  Albert engaged the locks, and then armed the security system from his smartphone.
He jumped from Teleport’s deck down to the dock.  Then, he ambled toward the security gate.  Reaching the gate, Albert’s memory kicked into gear.  He slowed the pace and scanned the area beyond the gate.  He knew it was irrational.  Remons was dead.  There were no goons waiting to jump him.  Yet, he still proceeded cautiously.
Once through the gate, Albert headed for the coffee shop.  Dad’s Coffee & More had been his first stop three months ago, and it was to be the same again today.  Thoughts of Veronica put a big smile on his face.  She would, without a doubt, be hyped up this morning on too much coffee.
It was Sunday morning, and the Pier Marina shopping areas were not crowded.  
As he neared the coffee shop, Veronica spotted him from the distance.  
“Albert!”  She ran from the outside sitting area and soon was hugging him.  “How have you been?”
Then, the caffeine took control.  “You have to tell me – what’s been going on?  You want some coffee, right?  Black?  Blueberry muffin?  It’s on the house.  Liz is inside.  She will be so happy to see you.  Come on!  Let’s go in.”
Albert finally got out some fast responses.  “It’s good to see you, too.  Black.  Yes, to the muffin.”
“Albert, I can’t believe you are back.”  She was pulling him along by the arm, as they walked toward the coffee shop.  “How was Cabo?”
“It was nice.  Wish I was still down there.”
Veronica sighed.  “Yes, I heard you were coming back.”  
They walked into the store through the main entrance along the boardwalk.  Two customers were standing at the counter.  Elizabeth was busy brewing their custom coffee orders.  She looked up and smiled.  “Good to see you.  We heard you were headed this way.”
“Hi, Elizabeth,” Albert said.  “Happy to see you, too.  I heard you and Veronica were in business together these days.  Nice to see.”
Elizabeth nodded and attempted a smile.  Albert sensed frustration, but kept his thoughts inside.  The voice in his head told him, “Focus on the problem.  Get it solved, and get back to Mexico.”
Veronica, the younger of the Williams’ sisters, originally opened Dad’s Coffee & More as a sole proprietorship after graduating college.  Her sister, Elizabeth, had just become a business partner three months earlier.  The sisters were opening a second store in the Financial District downtown in a few weeks.
Until Karl Remons’ death three months earlier, Elizabeth had been his full-time executive assistant, as well as his part-time prostitute.  Elizabeth had turned down an offer to join RPW Corporation as Bill Shefford’s executive assistant, choosing instead to become a business owner with Veronica.
Elizabeth completed the patrons’ coffee orders, cashed them out, and walked around the counter.  She coolly hugged Albert, and asked, “How long will you be staying?”
Albert replied, “Not sure.  I’m meeting with Bill and Malcona this morning.  They asked for my help.”
Elizabeth knew why Albert was back in San Francisco.  She replied, “Yes, I heard about that mess.  I’m still in shock that Rebecca and Farley had the nerve to pull off the embezzlement.  Remons would have killed them had he learned of their scheme.”
Albert and Elizabeth sat down at one of the tables inside the store.  It was an uncharacteristically slow Sunday morning.  Carrying over a tray of drinks and food, Veronica placed it on the table and sat down.
Veronica passed Albert a cup of coffee and a blueberry muffin.  “Here you go.”
Elizabeth picked up one of the other mugs of coffee with both hands.  She took a sip.  Elbows on the table, and holding the cup with both hands in front of her mouth, she asked, “Albert, were you aware that Rebecca Edwards was James’ older sister?”
Albert shook his head.  “No.  Not until Malcona told me a few weeks ago, when she explained who the players were at Quinn Properties.”
“Well, anyway, you need to watch your back.  She loved James dearly.  That’s the only reason he wasn’t dead years earlier.  She protected him from Karl Remons and the other thugs.”
Veronica said, “Liz?  Let it go.  We have a business to run.  Who cares about all of that?”
Albert ignored Veronica’s plea to change the subject.  He looked around to be certain no one else was in earshot, and then asked, “What does she know of James’ disappearance?”
Elizabeth leaned nearer to Albert.  She said, “Well, she knows he is missing.  Two months ago, she hired private detectives to search for him.  Remons’ remaining security team members have filled her in on a few details.  She knows who you are, and she is guessing you were involved in his disappearance.”
Albert shook his head.  “So, no one has told her Remons’ own men gunned down James?”
Veronica got up from the table.  She said, “I’m tired of hearing about this.  I’ll be back in a minute.  Please find a more pleasant topic before I get back.”
Ignoring Veronica’s dramatic exit from the table, Elizabeth said, “No.  And, you know she will not believe you, if that’s what you try to tell her.  Albert, she is very powerful woman.  She’s not as evil as Remons.  But, she is plenty devilish on her own.  Once she finds out you are in town, the bullets may start flying again.”
“Well, shit!”  Albert exclaimed.  “I had enough of that nonsense with Remons.”
Albert and Veronica heard the door open.  Their backs to the entrance, they each turned to see who was arriving.  Veronica returned to the table and sat down by Albert.  She whispered in his ear.  “Looks like it’s your friend, Mal-co-na,” Veronica emphasized the name with snarled lips.  “I don’t like her.”
Albert ignored Veronica’s jab at Malcona.  He guessed Veronica was jealous, as she probably assumed something other than a business relationship existed between them.  Albert stood up and hugged her.
“How was your sabbatical in Cabo San Lucas?” Malcona said elegantly.  She dressed, talked, and walked like a very wealthy, socially refined woman.  
Veronica rolled her eyes to Elizabeth.  Elizabeth subtly poked her sister in the side and mouthed silently, “Behave.”
Albert replied flatly, “The water was warm and the beer was cold.”  Then, he changed the subject.  No benefit in dwelling on where he wished to be; time to deal with the problems at hand.  “Where’s Bill?”
She said, “I don’t know.  I’m surprised he isn’t already here.”
Elizabeth stood up.  She asked, “While the two of you wait, can I get you anything?  More coffee, Albert?”
Albert nodded.
Malcona flatly replied, “Green tea for me.  Thank you.”  Still standing, she turned back to face Albert, and said, “Let’s not wait on Bill.  He’s an adult and has a watch.  It’s rude of him to be late.”
She sat down and motioned to Albert to do the same.  Malcona gazed at Veronica, saying nothing with her mouth, but everything with her eyes.  She wanted Veronica to leave the table.  
Veronica’s mouth drew up in disgust.  Elizabeth hadn’t left the area yet.  She touched Veronica’s shoulder and interjected before her younger sister said something childish.  “Veronica, we should leave them to their business.”
Veronica got the message.  She stood up, reached over, and touched Albert’s face lovingly.  “Good to see you again, Albert.  I’m still looking forward to that sail aboard Teleport.  Don’t let me down this time.”  Then, she walked away, swaying her hips slightly more than necessary.  
Smiling at the theatrics, Malcona said, “Thanks again for coming back.  This mess with Quinn Properties is getting out of control.  They are killing my company.”  
She noticed Veronica was busying herself with things near where they were standing.   It was obvious she was eavesdropping.  
Motioning to the outdoor seating area, Malcona said, “Let’s have our drinks outside.”  She turned to Veronica, and said, “We will be on the patio.  Please serve us the refreshments there.”
Once outside, Albert noticed The Owner in its old berth along The Embarcadero.  He shook his head in irritation.
Malcona nodded in mutual disappointment at the sight.  She had explained the events to him a few weeks earlier.  Both knew that Homeland Security had boarded the vessel a few months ago, killed Karl Remons in self defense, and subsequently impounded The Owner.
RPW Corporation, during the acquisition, had deeded The Owner personally to Karl Remons; or, so they thought.  After Homeland Security finished their investigation, Quinn Properties stepped forward and laid claim to the vessel.  They were the rightful owner to the vessel, and had been leasing it to Remons Global.  After its release from Homeland Security, Rebecca Edwards moved the giant ship back to its original berth just east of Pier Marina.  
Elizabeth walked out of the covered area of the coffee shop and stepped down onto the outdoor patio.  She placed a cup of green tea in front of Malcona.  Then, Albert received a fresh cup of black coffee.
Malcona pursed her lips and nodded slightly in a dismissive fashion. 
Albert said, “Thanks, Elizabeth.”
Albert spotted Bill Shefford walking fast across the pier and toward the coffee shop.  He pointed, and said, “There’s Bill.”
Bill arrived at the table.  He patted Albert on the back, and shook his hand.  “Hi, Albert.  Good to see you again.”  
Lying, Bill said, “I’m sorry for being late.  I left the door ajar on the Porsche last night.  Ran the battery down and it wouldn’t start this morning.  I had to wait on the dealer service tech to arrive and boost the battery.”
Malcona tilted her head and looked at him quizzically.  “I hope it was in the garage.  We could have been missing a Porsche this morning.”
Bill smiled, but Albert could see his teeth gritting.  Bill was obviously irritated by Malcona’s comment.  He said, “Yes, it was in the garage.  We were lucky about that.”  He heavily emphasized the word, ‘we’.
Albert was determined to break up the stupid argument.  Pointing at The Owner, he asked, “So, of what use is that ship to Quinn Properties?”
Bill said, “Rebecca Edwards spends most of her time on there.  She is a piece of work, Albert.  I’ve known her since she joined Remons Global in 2002.  If you thought Remons was bad, wait until you meet her.”
Albert looked down into his coffee cup.  He wanted to get back aboard Teleport and sail out of San Francisco.  His mission was over.  Karl Remons was dead.  He had helped the RPW widows take back their company from Remons Global.  He thought, “Why can’t you people do this on your own?”
Malcona was watching Albert closely.  She seemed to have read his mind.
“Albert, I’m sorry we have asked you to help fix this problem.  It’s not your obligation, and I appreciate you coming back to San Francisco.”
She continued, “We need your expertise, though.  Bill and I have racked our brains, as well as those of all of our lawyers.  We don’t see a straightforward solution.  Something more creative needs to happen.  I know you are very creative.”
Albert asked, “So, what’s the current status?”
Malcona said, “We have just over a week.  Since Quinn tripled the monthly lease rates, we don’t have enough cash to pay the rent that’s due on October 1.  If we don’t pay up, they will get injunctions and ultimately evict us from each of the facilities.”
Bill added, “The business cash flow couldn’t support the original lease payments, much less a tripling of the rent.  Remons had some kind of crazy Ponzi scheme running with the international partners.  The money laundering business was the only truly profitable segment.  Automotive and Aerospace are burning cash at an incredible daily rate.”
Three months earlier, RPW had taken over 148 plants of Remons Global.  They had immediately divested the international subsidiaries; a total of 117 plants; selling the plants to Remons’ international partners for one dollar.  Albert had arranged this transaction during the planning phase of Karl Remons’ destruction.
The one-dollar sale price allowed RPW to be free of any retaliation by the international partners.  The international partners benefited, too.  They were able to rid themselves of Karl Remons, a man they collectively feared and distrusted.
Albert asked, “What about the international operations?  Did Quinn Properties raise their rents, too?”
Bill answered, “No, Rebecca and Farley weren’t stupid.  They focused all of their actions on the United States operating structures.  It was easier to hide, and it avoided any risk of the international partners finding out.”
Malcona added, “So, our transaction for the disposition of the international subsidiaries of Remons Global was valid.  We are fortunate – it would have been disastrous otherwise.”
Albert asked, “So, what’s the plan?”
Bill said, “Malcona and I are attending the 49ers-Colts game with Rebecca and Quinn today.  We are negotiating pos—”
Malcona interrupted.  “Bill?  I think Albert should go to the game with me, instead of you.  We need to put a fresh face in front of Quinn.  Agree?”
Watching Bill’s face turn red, Albert jumped in, saying, “I don’t know if that’s a good idea.  Maybe I should be working on the fringes.  I’m better that way.”
Malcona insisted.  “No, I want you to get close to these two adversaries.  The game will give you an opportunity to search out any personality weaknesses that we may be able to exploit.  That’s where your strengths lie.”
Bill sat in silence.  He had turned away and was staring at The Owner.
This was an uncomfortable situation for Albert.  He had worked with Bill and Malcona for three years, as they prepared the destruction of Karl Remons.  Obviously, the two were no longer seeing eye-to-eye.
Albert nodded and sighed.  “Okay.”
“Good,” Malcona said.  “Kickoff is 1:25 PM.  Let’s meet back here at 12:30 PM.  I’ll have a car take us to the game.”
Albert joined in Bill’s gaze at The Owner.  He noticed a woman standing on the upper deck.  An attendant was holding an umbrella over her head.  She was staring directly at Albert, Malcona, and Bill.
He motioned in The Owner’s direction and asked, “Who is she?”
“Your worst nightmare,” Bill said.  “Rebecca Edwards.”
Chapter 6
Leaning against The Owner’s railing, Rebecca watched as the three people talked at Dad’s Coffee & More.
She reached in her shoulder bag, located one of her mobile phones, and scrolled through the contacts list.  After selecting Rals Farley, she pressed the Call Now icon.
The phone rang three times, and then Farley answered. “What’s up, Rebecca?”
“We have trouble.  He showed up.  That Pabek character is back in town.”
Farley asked, “Are you sure?  His vendetta was with Remons.  He doesn’t have any reason to be back in San Francisco.  Last I heard he was drinking tequila in Mexico.”
“You’re a dumbass!  Don’t be so naïve.  Besides, I’m looking at him right now!”
Rebecca walked away from the upper deck’s railing.  Her umbrella-toting attendant chased behind her.  She walked to the forward part of the ship and sat down in the covered seating area.  Then, she shooed away the attendant and beckoned a different attendant.
She said, “Get me a mimosa.”
Farley said, “What?”
Rebecca said, “Shut up.  I wasn’t talking to you.  Where are you at?”
“I’m in Berkeley on my sailboat.  Why?”
“You need to get over here.  We need to discuss strategy.  I don’t like the timing of Pabek’s arrival.  We are less than ten days away from plucking the company away from RPW.”
“Okay.  I’ll be there in about an hour.”  He hung up on Rebecca.
The mimosa arrived on a tray toted by an attendant.  Rebecca stood up as he approached and snatched the glass from the tray.  There was no please or thank you.  Those magic words were rarely uttered by Rebecca around her servants.  
Carrying the drink in one hand, and the phone in the other, she walked by the starboard side of the ship.  The attendant scurried after her with the umbrella.  She looked down over the railing again at the coffee shop.  The threesome was now standing in the outdoor eating area.  
Bill appeared to be agitated.  She watched him walk away, heading back to The Embarcadero.  Pabek was busy working on his mobile phone.  It looked like Malcona was paying the check.
Rebecca scrolled through her the recent callers on her phone.  She pressed the Redial icon for Malcona Payne.
She watched as Malcona glanced at the phone laying on the table.  Malcona didn’t answer the call, and Rebecca was politely requested to leave a voicemail.  
Rebecca pressed the Redial icon again.  
Malcona again looked down at the phone.  Then, she looked toward The Owner and spotted Rebecca at the railing.  She picked up the phone, slowly placed it to an ear, and asked, “What do you want?  I told you we could talk this afternoon.  Can’t it wait?”
Rebecca coldly said, “I noticed you were talking to the asshole that killed my brother.”
“Remons killed your brother.  Get over it.  You know what happened.”
Rebecca watched as Malcona walked away from the table, and out of earshot of Pabek.  
She asked, “Why is Pabek here?  It’s just going to make things worse.”
“He’s here to kick your scrawny snow white ass off that ship!  Why do you think he is here?”  Malcona replied with a laugh.  “Why are you calling me?”
“I just wanted to remind you of the looming deadline.  You owe Quinn Properties a substantial amount of money.”
The phone went silent.  Rebecca looked at the screen.  It read, “Call Ended.”
Rebecca realized Malcona had hung up on her.  That was three times in one day.  
She looked back across the water.  At the coffee shop, Malcona’s right hand was raised, and she was motioning a vulgarity at her.  Rebecca walked away from the railing, scrolled back through her recent callers list, and pressed the Redial icon for Rals Farley.
Farley answered, “What now, Rebecca?  I said I was on my way.”
Rebecca ignored his annoyance.  “Where is the helicopter?”
He sighed.  “I haven’t located it, yet.  It has vanished.  I have a skip tracer out on it.  But he hasn’t turned up anything.”
“So, how are we going to file an injunction against a man and his business, if we can’t find them?”
Rebecca was referring to Max Lasteres.  He owned Max Lasteres Charter Service.  The helicopter was his only business asset.
Farley answered, “We can file the motion.  He won’t be able to operate the business, of course, without us finding out.  Getting the helicopter is the real challenge.  For all we know, by now he could have crated it up and sold it to an offshore entity.”
Scowling, Rebecca yelled, “Find it!”
-----
Max Lasteres was lying on his back.  He was underneath the belly of the Sikorsky.  His hands were gripping a motorized polishing buffer.  Max was smoothing out the final touches of her fresh wash and wax.
Max and his favorite girl, the black Sikorsky S-76 helicopter, were hiding out in a private hangar at the Marin County airport in Napa Valley.  The Sikorsky was the fugitive, and Max was her enabler.
The mobile phone lying beside him on the grey painted floor in the hangar began to buzz.  Max turned off the polisher, hurriedly dropped it to the floor, and picked up the phone.  The caller display read, “Albert.”
After pressing the Accept Call icon, he said, “Good morning, Albert!  Welcome back.”
Albert said, “Where are you at?  I thought you were meeting me at the marina this morning.  I just finished my meeting with Malcona and Bill.”
“Well, I figured RPW would keep you too busy.  Besides, I needed to give the Sikorsky a wax job.  It’s really important to her.  She always prefers to look her best.”
Albert replied, “Where are you?”
Max sighed, “Well, I would rather not say on the phone.  Quinn Properties still has people out searching for the Sikorsky.  I don’t care what paperwork they have – she belongs to me.”  Then, he said, “Hang on.”  
Max crawled out from under the Sikorsky.  He stood up, climbed into the aft cabin of the helicopter, and sat down in one of the leather chairs.
Max said, “Okay.  I’m back.  What are we going to do about this problem?”
Albert replied, “I don’t know.  Malcona and I are meeting Quinn at the football game this afternoon.  It will be my first opportunity to meet him.  I’ll also be meeting Rebecca Edwards.”
Nervously, Max laughed.  He said, “Like a told you a few weeks ago, Rebecca’s a dangerous one.  Watch your back, Albert.”



Chapter 7
It was 10:06 AM.
Albert had excused himself from the coffee shop meeting.  He would meet Malcona for the football game in a couple of hours.  At the moment, he wanted some thinking time: alone.  He also wanted some breakfast.
Albert walked through the shopping area along the pier and made his way out to The Embarcadero.  He turned right and strolled toward the ferry boats.  A break in the traffic, it was an opportune moment, and he jaywalked across the street.  Albert was heading for the diner just two blocks away from Pier Marina.
His jaywalking decision caught the attention of a police officer on foot patrol.  The officer yelled, “Hey!  Stop there for a moment.”
Albert turned around, shrugged his shoulders, and said, “Who?  Me?”
“You were jaywalking.  Use the crosswalk next time.  You are old enough to know better.”
“Sorry about that.  It won’t happen again.”  Hiding his agitation with the hired enforcer of not-so-important things, Albert turned away and continued his progress toward the diner.
The officer wasn’t finished.  He said, “Hang on a minute.  I’ve seen you before.  What’s your name?”
Albert put on his best submissive citizen face, turned back around and smiled at the cop.  He really hated it when the police started poking around in his life, particularly when there wasn’t a basis for it.
Albert ignored the question.  Instead, he asked his own.  “Are you writing me a citation for jaywalking?”
The officer huffed, “I can, if you would like it that way.  Now, what’s your name?”
“Pabek.”
The officer nodded.  “That’s why you look familiar.  Sargent Bratcher wants to talk with you.  He was wondering if, or when, you would show back up in San Francisco.”
Albert smirked.  “Well, tell Bratcher I’m headed to the diner.  Breakfast time for me.”
The officer said, “I’ll radio in your location.  I don’t know if he’ll catch up with you there, or if I’ll have to pick you up later.”
Albert shook his head.  “Nobody is picking me up.  Unless you have a warrant, of course.”
The officer laughed at his comment and walked away.  Albert watched as the man spoke quietly into his radio.  Then, Albert turned and continued his trek toward the diner.
Bratcher was standing in the diner’s doorway when Albert arrived.
“Wow!”  Albert exclaimed.  “That was quick.”
“Mr. Pabek,” Sargent Bratcher said in a subtle melodic tone.  “Good to see you again.”
Albert shook Bratcher’s hand.  “Were you following me?”
“No.  I was actually in the diner when the call came across the radio.  Let’s go inside.  I already have a table.”
Albert opened the door and motioned.  “Lead the way.”
Bratcher stepped inside.  Albert followed him through the grease infused air of the diner.  They weaved their way through a dozen or so tables and reached a small booth in the back corner.
The remains of Bratcher’s meal were on one side of the table.  Albert sat down on the opposite side of the booth.  Bratcher plopped his large frame into his likely still-warm seat.
As she approached, the harried waitress said, “Sir?  Coffee?  Know what you want?”
Albert had picked up the menu.  He now put it down.  No sense in dragging the process out for her.
He said, “Yes, I’ll have coffee.  Black.  Also, may I have three eggs, over easy, with hash browns, bacon, and toast?”
“Sure.  I’ll be right back with your coffee.”
Albert looked at Bratcher.  “So, why do you have the cops out looking for me?”
Bratcher said, “Things got a little crazy three months ago.  I was curious.  How much did you have to do with Remons’ death?”
Albert flared his eyes wide open with surprise.  He said, “Me?  Nothing.  If you will remember correctly, I left town the day before he died.  Your officers protected me long enough to allow safe passage out of the bay.  I headed south.  Have been in Cabo for the past three months.”
Albert continued, “Besides, the news I heard was that Remons got in a gun battle with Homeland Security.  How could I have caused that?”
Bratcher said, “I don’t know.  It’s been a strange puzzle for the SFPD.  Why did a multi-billionaire sell his business, and then three hours later take on Homeland Security?  Don’t get me wrong – Remons was an ass.  It’s a lot quieter around here without him.”
“Sorry, I can’t help you.”
“So, Mr. Pabek, I did some checking up on you.  You worked at one of Remons’ factories, correct?”
“Yes.  Until 2008, when I was ‘economically displaced’ by a twenty-five year old messenger.”
“I learned something else interesting.”
“What’s that?”  Albert asked.
“Your father, Frank Pabek, worked in the same factory.  He was killed in an accident in the plant.”
Now Bratcher had pushed one of Albert’s buttons that he didn’t want pressed.  Albert’s back stiffened up.  He leaned forward and stared at the cop.  “What do you want, Bratcher?”
“Calm down, Mr. Pabek.  I was just saying we learned some interesting things about you.”
In a low, almost growling voice, Albert said, “He was killed by Karl Remons.  It wasn’t an accident.  Remons bought a piece-of-shit stamping press.  It collapsed and crushed my dad.”
Bratcher sympathetically nodded.  “I understand.  There was someone else killed in that press, too.  Correct?”
Albert didn’t like where this conversation was heading.  He was scooting out of the booth to leave, but the waitress arrived with his order.  She was an unwitting accomplice for Bratcher, preventing his departure.  She was standing in his way.
“Here you go,” she said.  “Anything else?”
Albert settled back into his seat.  “No.  Thank you.”
Bratcher said, “You need to calm down.  I’m not here to arrest you.  Just trying to close up some case files.  That’s all.”
Albert knew better than to trust Bratcher’s comments.  What the sergeant was really saying, was, “I’m not here to arrest you, YET.”
Albert said nothing.  He picked up a fork and started to eat the breakfast.
Bratcher said, “We learned a guy named Todd Lasteres died with your father.  The interesting part was finding out Max Lasteres, Remons’ last helicopter pilot, was the son of Todd Lasteres.”
Albert nodded and continued chewing his food.  No reason to deny the truth.  He said nothing.
“So?  Were you aware that Max Lasteres was Remons’ pilot?”
Albert finished the bite he was working.  “Yes, of course.  Max and I have been friends for years.”
“So anyway, that discovery made us look at you completely different.  We thought you were just some solo rich kook who felt wronged by Remons.  Turns out, you aren’t rich, you aren’t a kook, and you weren’t alone.”
Albert sighed.  He knew this conversation was not going to head anywhere positive.  
Deep in his head, Albert heard a voice quietly speaking to him.  It said, “Get on Teleport now.  Leave San Francisco.”
Bratcher changed the subject.  “Do you know Rebecca Edwards?”
Albert said, “No.”  This was technically the truth.  He did not know her.
“She’s the sister of James Edwards.  You remember James?”
Albert put a forkful of food in his mouth and nodded.
“Well, anyway, James has turned up missing.  Rebecca Edwards has the SFPD and some private detectives out searching for him.”
Albert said, “Hopefully, James made off with a bunch of Remons’ money and is in Mexico.”
Bratcher smiled sardonically.  “Funny you should say that.  Our detectives believe you smuggled him to Mexico aboard Teleport.”
Albert knew he was in hot water, and it would continue getting hotter.  James had been on Teleport.  Remons’ goons had shot him.  James had died in Teleport’s aft garage in a dinghy.
Albert shook his head.  “I have a strict no-passenger rule.  Last time I saw James was when I picked him up at your station.”
“Really?”
“Of course.  Remons kept me busy; his goons chasing me around town, and all.”
Now, Albert went on the offensive.  He had to get this situation under control.  “That reminds me.  Where’s my gun?  I want it back.”
Bratcher smiled, “Nice deflection.  You can pick up at your convenience.  The DA closed the file.”  Then, he laughed.  “I’m surprised you have the balls to walk into my shop and pick up the gun.  You aren’t worried we might decide to lock you up?”
Albert pushed again, harder this time.  “For what?  Spending too little on tourism?  Are you the tax collector for that also?”
Bratcher ignored the questions and climbed out of the booth.  He had toyed with Albert enough.  “I’ll let you finish breakfast.  We’ll be seeing each other.”
With that veiled threat, Bratcher weaved his way through the tables and exited the diner.
Albert stuffed another forkful of food in his mouth.  As he looked across the room to flag down the waitress, he noticed a cop drinking coffee at the counter and staring at Albert.  There wasn’t any subtly in his approach.  The cop caught Albert’s eyes.  He raised his coffee cup in a toasting fashion and smirked at Albert.


Chapter 8
Pete Quinn sat on the north-facing balcony of the penthouse condominium.  He sipped a cup of green tea; it was a special blend produced only for him by a local manufacturer.  The blend’s catechins level was more than 200 mg per serving.  Quinn believed this high dosage helped both in two things: his pursuit of physical fitness, and his avoidance of cancer.
Gazing downward six hundred and forty feet, he watched as cars made their way through the congested downtown area.  Sunday mornings were typically not this way.  However, it was a home game day during the NFL season.  San Francisco was hosting Indianapolis.
He took another sip of tea, placed the cup on a nearby table, and picked up his mobile phone.  Scrolling through the contacts, Quinn found the number for Bill Shefford and pressed the Call Now icon.
Shefford answered on the second ring.  “Why are you calling me?”
Quinn said, “Relax, Bill.  I knew you should be finished with Malcona.  You are probably halfway back to Oakland, right?”
Bill calmed down.  “Yes.”
“So, what time are you getting to the game today?”
“I’m not,” Bill said, with obvious irritation.  “We’ve got trouble.  Malcona’s trying to squeeze me out of the negotiations.  The coffee shop meeting today was really just her telling me that Albert was taking over.  He’s back in town now, and and she’s hired him to lead the battle against Quinn Properties.”
Quinn was more surprised than Bill.  He had researched Albert Pabek.  A month ago, Bill had told Quinn that Albert was headed back to San Francisco.  But Quinn hadn’t really expected Albert to get involved in the current situation.  Karl Remons was dead.  From his research, Quinn knew that the destruction of Remons had been Albert’s only motivation.
He asked, “Do I have anything to be worried about?”
“Yes.  He’s a resourceful guy.  I’ve known him through a friend of mine for a few years.”
Quinn didn’t want to discuss Pabek any longer.  He asked, “I’m having trouble with Plant 18.  What are your guys doing to me?”
Bill laughed.  “Preventing you from stealing it – that’s what they are doing.”
Quinn smiled.  He and Bill were colluding on their own overthrow of RPW, outside of Quinn Properties.  He said, “Rebecca is going to kick my ass tomorrow about that plant.  Quit making it so difficult.  Just let it go.”
Bill said, “That’s not how it works.  No one is stupid.  That includes Payne, Edwards, and Farley.  And now, Pabek for that matter.  If we don’t do this correctly, both of us end up in jail, or worse.”
“Fine,” Quinn said.  “Talk to you later.”
Bill pressed the End Call button on the Porsche’s steering wheel.  He was driving east on the Oakland Bay Bridge, heading back to his home.
The past three months had been a big change for Bill.  He was the CEO of RPW Corporation, but it was turning into more of an honorary title.  Malcona was running the company.  She was micromanaging his actions, and he hated each new day more than the previous one.
Bill spent his time reporting details to Malcona.  He estimated that, between phone calls, texts, and emails, he talked with her three to four hours every day.  He had no authority.  Every decision of importance required Malcona’s approval.  
Bill had spent twenty years working for the tyrant, Karl Remons.  However, at least Remons just threatened him and then let him do his job.  Now, Malcona was doing his job for him.  Adding to the frustration, Bill no longer lived in the company paid for housing on the seventh floor of the Oakland facility.  
The seventh floor had been converted to executive offices for RPW Corporation.  Today, the floor looked nothing like the Remons Global days.  It had four private offices, a break room, two conference rooms, and a small gym.  The private offices were for Shefford, Payne, Wilson and Reynolds.  Wilson and Reynolds rarely visited their offices.  They left the business dealings to Malcona Payne.
Bill also lost his beloved private jet, a top of the line Cessna Citation X.  He now traveled on commercial airlines.  Even though he flew exclusively in first class, it was still a major step backward for his ego, when he spent his days flying private.
Immediately after the acquisition, Malcona had made the decision to sell the jets.  She listed them with a broker.  That was when RPW learned about Quinn Properties.  RPW was unable to sell the jets, as they were only leased.  And, the leaseholder was Quinn Properties.
Malcona didn’t fight the lien holder claim by Quinn Properties.  She just handed over the jets.  
Bill believed this was Malcona’s first big mistake as the new owner.  She didn’t fight Quinn Properties.  This decision was really stupid in Bill’s mind.  It set a dangerous legal precedent.  RPW had acknowledged the validity of Quinn Properties leaseback scheme.
A few weeks later, in mid July, Quinn called Bill one late night.  He suggested a clandestine meeting to discuss ‘alternative solutions’.  They met discretely the following weekend in Las Vegas.
During the first meeting in Vegas, Bill learned that Quinn had his own set of problems.  Quinn explained that his two partners, Rebecca and Farley, had ganged up on him and were attempting to take over his company.  He was losing control to Rebecca and was ready to fight back.
This was all Bill needed to hear, particularly after hearing it following several drinks.  He didn’t challenge the plausibility of Quinn’s lamentations.  
So, the two combatants made an unlikely pact.  They agreed to work secretly to pursue a third outcome.  The pair formed a new company, Cobalt Industries.  Their objective was for Cobalt to be the victor in the battle for RPW Corporation.
Until now, Bill’s drunken decision to create Cobalt Industries with Quinn had been morally easy in his mind.  He didn’t respect Malcona and believed RPW belonged to him.  He had not expected Albert Pabek to return and join in the fight.  Secretly battling to steal the company away from RPW was easy.  Adding Albert to the mix was going to make it difficult.
Albert was the nephew of Bill’s childhood friend, Roland Caltoan.  For five years, Bill helped Albert engineer the destruction of Karl Remons and Remons Global.  Now, they were on opposite teams.  Only, Albert didn’t know it yet.  
Neither did his friend, Roland Caltoan.
Bill depressed the button on the Porsche’s steering wheel.  “Call Roland.”
“One moment, Mr. Shefford,” the car responded back to him.
The phone rang two times.  Roland Caltoan answered, “Hey, Bill.  Good to hear from you.  How are things?”
“I’m doing okay, Roland.  How are you?”
“Better than fine!  I’m in the Caribbean.”
“What are you doing down there?  Working or pleasure?”
“It’s called work, but I think it’s more pleasure.  I’m captaining a mid-sized container ship.  I deliver containers from Miami to the different islands.  Beats a Michigan gig any day of the week!”
Bill laughed.  “No doubt.  I know Michigan is our home.  But, I would rather avoid living there again.  California fits me much better.”
Roland chuckled.  “Yeah, warmer weather and sandy beaches always beat out the snow.”  Then, he asked, “So?  What’s up?”
“I saw Albert this morning.”
“Really?  How’s he doing?”
“He’s fine.  He’s back in San Francisco.  We have some business troubles in the new company.  He caught wind of it and came back to help out.”
Roland sighed.  He said, “Please look out for him.  Albert was really lucky to pull off that feat against Remons.  The odds weren’t stacked in his favor.”
Bill lied.  He said, “Trust me, Roland.  I have his back.  He’s like a son to me.”  
Not wanting to talk about Albert any longer, Bill said, “I just wanted to let you know he looked good.  I’m headed into the house now.  Maybe, I’ll hop over that way and see you one day.”
“Anytime!  Just let me know.  Thanks for calling.  Don’t forget.  Take care of my nephew.”
“Will do.  Bye.”
Easing the Porsche into the driveway, Bill pressed the End Call button on the steering wheel.  
He said to himself.  “I’ll try Roland, but no promises.  If only one of us is going to live, it damn sure will be me.  Albert best stay out of my way.”

Chapter 9
It was 11:17 AM.
Albert finished his breakfast and motioned to the waitress.  She arrived with the check.  Albert was reaching in his pocket for some cash, when he noticed the total $28.31.
“Excuse me?  Ma’am?”
The waitress heard his call and returned to the table.  “Yes?”
“There’s a mistake on the check.  It should be about twelve bucks.”
Puzzled, the waitress looked at him.  “Bratcher said you were picking up the tab – for both of your meals.”
Albert laughed.  “He’s a funny guy.  I’ll do it this time.  Next time around, he’s buying.”
Albert peeled off a twenty, a ten, and a five.  “Here you go.  Keep the change.”  Then, he asked, “I guess I tip better than Bratcher, too?”
She smiled at him, nodded, and walked away.
Albert climbed out of the corner booth, weaved his way to the front door, and exited out to the street.  He pulled out his smartphone, located Bill Shefford’s number, and press the Call Now icon.
Bill answered, “Hey, Albert.”
“Hi, Bill.  Are you alone?”
“Yeah, sure.  I’m at home.  What’s going on?”
“The SFPD was shaking me down earlier about James Edwards’ death.  They think I had something to do with it.”
Bill sighed.  “You shouldn’t worry.  Remons’ goons killed him.  Not you.”
“I know.  But, you know they shot him aboard my ship.”
Bill said, “Believe me.  The SFPD is just happy Remons is gone.  This thing with James is going nowhere.”
“I hope you are right.”  Albert changed the subject.  “It was good seeing you this morning.  Other than this mess with Quinn, how is everything going?”
Bill groaned, and then said, “It’s not getting any better.  Things are different.  We are a smaller company now.  Profits aren’t there.  Shareholders are whining.  The usual stuff.”
“Well, hopefully we can figure something out quickly with this Quinn mess.  I’d like to get back to Mexico.”
Bill said, “I’m sure you would.  Maybe I’ll go with you.”
While on the phone, Albert had been walking back to the marina.  He was nearing the security gate and wanted to be off the phone.  The area was full of bad memories.  
“I need to go.  I’ll talk to you soon.”  Albert pressed the End Call icon.
Albert walked slowly through the public shopping area on the pier.  No one looked as if they were watching him.  He switched to the camera app on his smartphone.  Albert now had a view of the marina, from atop Teleport’s mast.  He panned the camera from side to side and zoomed in on a couple of individuals on a boat near Teleport.
Everything looked okay; except for the two cops he spotted near the gate to his dock.  He was now being watched.  Bratcher had him under surveillance.  That wasn’t good.
Albert strolled to the Dock 14 security gate.  He pressed in the code, opened the steel mesh door, and stepped through to the secure dock.  He closed the door behind him, making certain it was latched.
Teleport was less than a hundred yards in front of him.  She was resting on the end of Dock 14.  Even at this distance, he had a clear view of her starboard flank.  He sighed and began walking toward her.
Halfway there, he watched some movement around a powerboat docked in one of the slips.  He slowed his pace and stared intently in that direction.  The boat was probably around thirty-five feet in length.  It looked like one of the boats Remons had kept on The Owner.  Two men emerged from the small forward cabin.  
Albert shook his head, and thought, “Damn.  Again?”
The men climbed out of the boat, stepped onto the wooden finger pier, and made their way to the common walkway.  It was obvious to anyone watching; they were there to see Albert.
Albert continued walking and closed the distance between them.  He said, “What’s up, boys?”
One of the goons said, “Listen, Pabek.  We don’t want any trouble out of you.  Ms. Edwards sent us over with a message.  She says, ‘Leave town.’  That agreeable to you?”
Albert ignored the question.  “I have my own question.  Either of you can answer.  Who do you like working for better?  Your old dead boss, Remons, or the lady?”
The second goon answered, “It’s a stupid question.  They both suck.  Remons was quicker in his actions, but Rebecca beats you down with more verbal crap.  Does it really matter?  Just get out of here.”
Albert said, “I’ll go on one condition.  The pair of you confess, in writing, that your buddies killed James Edwards.  I’ll hand the letter to her personally, and then leave town.”
The two men became really agitated and really nervous.
The first goon said, “You killed James.  We all know that.  Ms. Edwards knows it, too.  We have all told her.”
Albert smiled.  “Funny, ain’t it?”
“What’s that?”
“I’m going to tell her the truth at some point.  Maybe then she will be quicker on the trigger; more so like Remons?  Want to make a wager?”
The second goon stepped forward and shoved Albert.  Albert stepped back a couple of steps to keep from falling over.  Then, the goon not expecting it, Albert lunged forward and shoved him.  It was a push with enough force to send the goon backward three steps.  That was one more step than there was available dock.  The goon fell in the water.
The first goon discretely pulled out a gun.  “Pabek.  You need to get out of town.  There’s no happy ending this time.”
Albert shook his head.  “Not happening.  Now, leave me alone.”
The first goon put away the gun, bent over, and grabbed the outstretched hand of his fellow thug.  He pulled the soggy man from the water and onto the dock.
Albert turned away and continued his walk to Teleport.  Before he looked back, he heard the engine start on the powerboat.  He turned around and waved at the goons as they motored slowly out of the marina.
He stepped up on Teleport’s starboard deck.  Jagsy was lying against the inside of the bridge window – asleep.
“A lot of help you are,” Albert said.

Chapter 10
Pete Quinn had finished dressing for the game.  He was to meet Rebecca Edwards for lunch before they went to the 49ers-Colts game.
He walked out of the bedroom, through the living area, and into the kitchen.  Quinn admired the vibrant blue custom countertops as he unplugged his Quinn Azure encased mobile phone from its charger.
Quinn left the kitchen, walked to the elevator, and pressed the Down button.  Instantly, the computer-controlled elevator ignored all requests from other tenants, including those presently aboard.  The elevator moved to the top floor and opened to receive Quinn.
This morning, two residents were standing in the elevator.  They were unfortunate to be inconvenienced by the elevator’s detour to the top floor.  However, they benefited from a nonstop descent to the ground floor.
Quinn stepped in the elevator.  He said, “Good morning.”
The tenants sighed, rolled their eyes, and nodded an acknowledgment of his greeting.  The three residents stood quietly as the elevator dropped to the main floor of the building.
The doors opened.  Quinn walked out first and headed for the street level doors.  He stepped outside and watched the traffic pass by on Battery Street. 
Quinn turned left and walked north toward California Street.  At the intersection, he crossed the street.  Then, he turned right and crossed over Battery.  He walked a block along California Street, until he reached The Grill, his favorite Sunday lunch spot.
Quinn opened the door, stepped into the vestibule, opened the interior door, and walked into the restaurant.
“Good morning, Mr. Quinn,” said the host.  “I have your usual table ready.  Please follow me.”
They walked about halfway back into the restaurant.  The host motioned to the semi-private section with seating for six.  He asked, “Will you be dining alone, or should we expect additional guests?”
“Just one guest,” Quinn responded.  “Rebecca Edwards.  She should have already been here.”
“Yes, sir.  I’ll bring her back just as soon as she arrives.”  The host walked away.
Quinn was still adjusting his chair when the waiter arrived.  
“Good morning, Mr. Quinn.”
“Morning, Brice.  How are you?”
“Fine, sir.  What may I bring you to drink?”
Quinn pursed his lips.  “Sparkling water.  Also, please bring a bottle of champagne.  It’s for my lunch guest, primarily.”
“Yes, sir.”  The waiter walked away to the kitchen.
“Sir?”  The host was back; Rebecca in tow.  “Your guest is here.”
Quinn stood up.  Rebecca nodded and sat down.  Quinn returned to his seat, and the host returned to his front door outpost.
“I have already ordered sparkling water and champagne.”
“Thanks, Pete,” said Rebecca.  She leaned across the table.  “What are we going to do this afternoon with Malcona and Bill?  And, by the way, we have more trouble.  Pabek has shown up.  He was at Dad’s Coffee this morning talking to that bitch, Malcona.”
Quinn knew Bill had been replaced with Pabek.  Yet, he couldn’t tell Rebecca.  Otherwise, she would know he had been talking privately with him.
He acted surprised.  “Albert Pabek?  What’s he doing here?  As far as Malcona and Bill, we just continue pressing our position.  No change.  They pay the increased rents, or we will immediately get court orders to foreclose on the properties.”
Rebecca shook her head.  “You know it’s not that simple.  I don’t care how much we are scaring them.  We can’t just get an immediate court order to shut them down.”
Quinn smiled.  Of course, he knew what she said was true.  He lied.  “You don’t know property law like I do.  Trust me.  We will win.  Just keep the pressure up on Malcona and Bill.”
Rebecca said, “As far as Pabek development, well that’s another matter.  He’s trouble, but I’ll figure out a solution.”
The waiter arrived with the drinks.  He opened the bottle of sparkling water and poured each of them a glassful.  Then, he popped the cork on the champagne bottle and filled two flutes.
He asked, “Are you ready to order?”
Rebecca said, “Yes.”  To the waiter, she said, “I’ll have the ahi tuna tartar.  Also, please bring me a small bowl of miso soup, along with a cup of steamed white rice.”
The waiter looked at Quinn.
“I’ll have a Caesar salad.  Please top it with a slightly seared salmon and half of a chicken breast.”
Silence.  The waiter took his cue and walked away.
Between sips of champagne, Rebecca said, “Malcona hung up on me three times this morning.”
Quinn shook his head.  “I’ve told you before.  Taunting her isn’t effective.  Why did you call her three times?”
“Shut up.  You aren’t a woman, and you definitely don’t know how we women think.  I know what I’m doing.”
Quinn said, “Your game.  As long as you get results, I don’t care.”
Rebecca sneered at him.  “Results?  What the hell are you doing?”
“Settle down.  This is my regular dining spot.  I don’t want you ruining my relationships in here.”
The waiter returned.  This time, he was toting a tray of food.  He placed the meals in front of the arguing pair of diners, and then walked away without saying anything.
Quinn said, “Let’s eat.  We need to get going soon.  I don’t want to be late for the kickoff.”
Rebecca nodded, picked up her chopsticks, and took the first bite.
A few bites later, she put down the chopsticks, leaned far over the table, and whispered, “I’m going to kill Albert Pabek.”
Chapter 11
It 12:20 PM.
Sitting in Teleport’s salon, Albert was studying several systems reports on an electronic tablet.  Each morning, Teleport’s computers generated a summary of the systems checks.
This morning, something was bothering Albert.  The lowest level bilge pump had cycled eight times on the previous day.  Normally, the pump would only cycle one time, if that, during any given twenty-four hour period.  He added a reminder on his smartphone.  It read, “Find water intrusion leak and fix.  High Priority.”
It was time to meet Malcona at the coffee shop.  He switched apps on the tablet and pulled up the masthead camera.  Albert panned the camera up and down, as well as across the horizon.  Everything looked on the level.  He detected no threats and put the tablet away.
Albert stood up from his comfortable leather chair, climbed the companionway stairs, and stepped onto the bridge.  Once again, he checked his surroundings.
Satisfied everything was safe, he opened the starboard side door, stepped up on the deck, closed the door, and discretely pressed the disguised latching mechanism.  Then, he checked his smartphone.  Teleport was reporting all systems as green and alarms fully engaged.
Albert stepped off the deck and onto the dock.  He made his way to the security gate, pushed it open and stepped through, closed and confirmed it latched, and headed for the coffee shop.  
He wandered between the buildings, across the pier, and to Dad’s Coffee & More.  As he arrived, Albert checked the time on his phone.  It was precisely 12:30; the designated meeting time.
Malcona was not there.  Albert shook his head.  He rarely missed his time commitments and always was bothered when other people missed theirs.  It was disrespectful.
Veronica was outside cleaning one of the tables overlooking the bay.  The Owner was still in port, blocking most of the eastern view.
Albert approached the store and shook his head at the massive ship.  He knew in his gut; he would be back aboard the large vessel before everything was finished.  It was something he had not anticipated three months ago, and there was not an easy way to prepare for the visit.  The voice in his head, just a little louder now, said, “This isn’t your fight.  Leave town now.  Go back to Mexico.”
“Hi, Albert,” Veronica said.  “I thought you were going to the game.”
“I am.  Just waiting on Malcona to get here.  Looks like a slow day at the coffee shop.”
Veronica nodded.  “Yes, Sunday afternoons are dead when a game is in town.  Elizabeth’s over at the new store directing construction.”
Albert laughed.  “Glad I’m not one of the workers on that project.  Elizabeth would fire me for not working hard enough.  I’m betting she is a tough boss.”
Veronica smiled.  “No doubt.  So, when are you…”  She stopped talking.  Malcona was walking up.
“Hi, Albert,” Malcona said.  “Sorry for running late.  Are you ready?”
“Yes,” he said.  Looking at Veronica, he said, “I’ll see you in the morning for coffee.”
Veronica smiled at Albert, coolly looked at Malcona, and returned to her chores.
Malcona and Albert strolled casually through the shops and reached the limo waiting along The Embarcadero.  The driver opened the right rear passenger door.  Malcona climbed aboard.  Albert motioned to the driver, walked around the car to the opposite door, and let himself in the car.
His passengers settled in, the driver walked around the car and climbed back into the driver’s seat.
As the car motored away from the curb, Malcona said, “Rebecca Edwards is trouble.  Just today, she has called me with threats of destroying RPW three different times.”
Albert could tell there wasn’t to be any serious discussions between the two women.  He was sure the hatred shared between them was fully mutual.
Albert changed the subject, “What’s up with Bill?  He seems a little unhappy.”
Malcona nodded her head.  “He is unhappy.  He’s not accustomed to having a boss interested in his daily dealings.  It doesn’t help that I’m a woman, either.”
“How is business overall?  Bill sounded really down this morning.”
Malcona sighed.  “We can’t afford Quinn Properties demands on the lease rate changes.  That’s for certain.  The overall business is not profitable.  My accountants have said our cash flows are severely negative and the forecasts are pessimistic.  We have to make some big structural changes in the operations, yet Bill isn’t too keen on all my ideas.”
Albert asked, “Are you planning to fire Bill?  I’m sorry for being forward.  It just seems that’s where things are headed.”
“It’s a possibility.  He’s too attached to some of the old Remons Global ways.  He got really upset when I didn’t fight to keep the corporate jets.”
“Jets?  Both of them are gone?”
“Yes.  Quinn Properties owned them.  Just like the Sikorsky.  I didn’t want to spend legal money fighting over them.  They were a cash drain, anyway.  I let Quinn have them without a fight.”
Albert tried to avoid shaking his head, even though he disagreed with her.  The damage was done.
The driver lowered the privacy window.  He said, “Ma’am, we are at the gate.”
“I’ll get this,” Albert said.  He climbed around Malcona, opened the right side door and stepped out of the car.  Malcona followed him.  She told the driver to return to the same location fifteen minutes following the end of the game.
They were in front of the southeast entrance.  Malcona removed the tickets from her clutch and handed one to Albert.  The pair walked a few steps to the security line.  Five minutes later they were inside of Candlestick Park.
The weather was nice.  It was partly cloudy and probably around sixty-five or seventy degrees.  Albert found the tunnel leading to their seats on the fifty-yard line: lower box and some of the best views in the stadium.
Malcona tugged on Albert’s sleeve.  “They’re already here.  Time to meet the thorn in my side.”
They continued walking.  Quinn saw them first.  He stood up and waved.  Malcona waved back.  
Malcona said, “Pete Quinn.  Rebecca Edwards.  I would like you to meet Albert Pabek.”
Quinn shook Albert’s hand, and said, “Nice to meet you.”  
Albert said, “Same here.”
To Malcona, Quinn said, “I thought Bill was coming to the game with you.”
“No, Bill had another obligation.  I invited Albert in his place.”
Albert was surveying the strange man.  He was obviously a health nut and gym rat.  Most peculiar, though, were the blue eyes against his dark skin.  Adding to the oddity was his blue pullover sweater.  It seemed to be the exact color of his eyes.
Rebecca Edwards gracefully lifted herself from the seat.  She was shading herself with an umbrella held in her left hand.  She nodded to Albert and said nothing.  She did not offer her free hand for a courtesy handshake.
Quinn motioned to the seats.  “Please, sit.  The game is starting in two minutes.  Malcona, please sit on my left.  I like having ladies on both my flanks.”
Malcona complied.  This placed Albert with the aisle on his right and Rebecca Edwards on his left.  He sat down.
Breaking her silence, Rebecca leaned over and whispered in Albert’s left ear.  
She said, “You killed my brother.  I will destroy you.  An eye for an eye.”
Chapter 12
Lounged on the sofa, Bill was watching the 49ers-Colts game on the 72” flat screen television on his living room wall.
Four game clock minutes had passed since the kickoff.  In those four minutes, the television cameras had already panned across the box seats with Payne, Pabek, Quinn and Edwards.  Bill picked up a magazine from the table and threw it across the room.
“Malcona, you’re a shit!  I was supposed to be at that game.  You don’t know how to run my company.  It’s going to cost you dearly.”
Disgusted, Bill decided to get out of the house and watch the game at his favorite neighborhood sports bar.  Sitting at home was too boring.  He turned off the television and walked to the garage.
Bill had lived in the Bay Area since 2008.  Karl Remons had given him responsibility for the newest plant at Remons Global.  It was under construction at the time in Oakland, California.  Bill relocated from Vegas and purchased a bungalow part way up the hillside overlooking Berkley.  The home, built in 1971, was purchased from in an estate sale from the heirs of the original owner.  
Until Bill’s purchase, the house had been immaculately maintained.  He was not a tidy person.  The house had been sorely neglected since his purchase.  To Bill, it looked comfortable and lived in.  To everyone else, it looked messy.  Bill had a maid service that attempted to pick up after him once each week.
He pressed the button on the wall to open the garage door and climbed into the Porsche.  It was a beautiful car.  He didn’t care that it previously belonged to Remons.  
His only change had been replacing the license plates.  When Remons owned the car, the vanity plates read, “OWNER”.  Bill first drove the car on the morning of Remons’ death, and never looked back.  He ordered vanity plates that read, “SHEFFS”.  
As soon as Malcona saw the new vanity plates on the Porsche, she ordered them removed.  She refused to allow his name on a company car.  She gave him two choices: either normal, randomly assigned numbers, or a vanity plate reading “RPW-CEO”.  Nothing else.  He opted for the standard issue, non vanity plates.
Bill fired up the powerful engine and pulled out of the garage.  He made two right turns, then a left, and then another right, making his way swiftly to the bar.  During the last two turns, a blue Nissan Versa caught his attention in the rear view mirror.  The car was following him; he was nearly certain.
Bill grumbled, “You having me tailed, Malcona?  Don’t try to outsmart a crook like me.  I’ll win.”
He pulled into the parking lot at the sports bar.  The blue Nissan slowed, turned in behind him, and then went an opposite direction across the lot.  Bill watched the car park in front of the large building supplies store.  A man, wearing a baseball hat and sunglasses, got out of the car and went into the store.
Bill shook his head and exhaled.  He thought, “I’m too paranoid.  Malcona has no idea what Quinn and I are doing.  Neither does Rebecca.  Stop worrying.”
Bill opened the car door, wrangled his way out of the low slung seat, and went inside the bar.
Inside the building supply store, the man returned to the parking lot.  He had been watching Bill from the store entrance.  He walked along the sidewalk toward the Porsche.
Slowing his pace, he looked around for any nosy onlookers.  There were none.  Then, he reached in his jacket pocket, pulled out a small box - it was about the size of a cigarette pack - and placed it under the front, right fender.  The attached magnet locked the box snuggly to the Porsche’s metal fender.
The man returned to the Nissan Versa and drove away.

Chapter 13
The 49ers scored early in the first quarter.  It seemed like it may be their only accomplishment on this day.  It was late in the fourth quarter, and the visiting Colts were on their way to a decisive victory at Candlestick Park.
Albert was studying his smartphone, checking on Teleport’s condition.  The bilge pump was cycling again.  He definitely had developed a leak somewhere.  It was really puzzling him.  Teleport had proven herself almost perfectly watertight during the past nine months.  He had to find the leak.  It was bugging him.
Rebecca was layering on her third application of SPF50 sunscreen.  
Albert leaned over and whispered in her ear.  “Don’t like the sun?  I guess you aren’t a believer in a healthy tan?”
Rebecca leered at him.  “Have you known anyone personally that died of skin cancer?”
“Sure.  Hasn’t everyone?”
“Well, then why ask me something stupid.  Of course, I’m scared of the sun.”
Albert decided to give her another worry.  He didn’t like her.  She was why he wasn’t getting a sunburn in Cabo and drinking a margarita.  
He said, “Ever wonder what’s in that sunscreen?  My bet is, ten years from now, hard core sunscreen users will be getting a different form of cancer.”
Rebecca stopped applying the sunscreen.  She turned the bottle around and began reading the ingredients.
Albert smiled.  He was on his way to having some fun.  “See?  Look at that ingredient – oxybenzone.  Do you know what that is?”
Rebecca was hooked.  “No.  What is it?”
Now, Albert laid it on thick.  He was making it up as he went along.  “Well, if you took its chemical formula and added to it one one hydrogen molecule, then it would be synthetic asbestos.”
Rebecca closed up the container and put it back in her shoulder bag.  Then, she pulled out her phone.  
Albert could see she was busy consulting the Internet gods for validation of his story.  He laughed to himself.  She would soon be off on all the websites of kooks spreading conspiracy theories about Kennedy, public water system fluoride treatments, income taxes, and the Electoral College.  Finally, she put away the phone.  No doubt her doctor would be busy tomorrow, answering all kinds of questions for her.
Albert changed the topic.  “Why are you intent on stealing RPW Corporation?”
Rebecca said, “For years, I busted my ass to grow Remons Global.  When he sold out, not only did I get nothing, I also got fired.  Why do you think?”
“If you hadn’t been so dirty, maybe RPW would have kept you on board.  You reap what you sow, right?”
Rebecca leaned over close and said in his ear.  “Eat, or be eaten.  That’s the way the world works.  Get over it, murderer.”
Albert shook his head.  “Remons killed your brother.  Why can’t you accept that?  You know how many people Remons killed.  James didn’t mean anything to him.”
Rebecca said, “Remons would never kill James.  I can absolutely assure you of that.  My investigators know he left on your ship and was never seen again.  It’s not too hard to pin this on you.”
Albert had no intention of sharing all the details with her.  It would only give more ammunition for her investigators, as well as the SFPD.
He said, “Face it.  You will never know for certain what happened to James.”
Malcona jumped up suddenly, stepped around Quinn, and then around Rebecca.  To Albert, she said, “We’re leaving.  Let’s go.”
Albert was surprised.  He was pleased to be leaving, but still surprised.  He smiled at Rebecca.  “Be seeing you around, I’m sure.”  Then, he nodded to Quinn and turned to follow Malcona up the stairs.
Once they reached the tunnel, Albert tugged on Malcona’s arm.  “What’s going on?”
She shook her head.  “Quinn’s not budging.  He says the terms are not negotiable.  We either pay the increased monthly rents, or they will push for a court order to evict us – property by property.”
Albert said, “Malcona, it’s your company.  Run it as you see fit.  However, I wouldn’t have bailed out of the game like you did just now.  It shows weakness.”
“I know.  It was stupid.  I can’t stand that guy, though.  He is no different than a street thug.  He’s attempting to mug me.  It doesn’t matter whether it’s a gun or a legal document that he’s using.  I’m still being mugged.”
Albert had known Malcona since 2009, when they began planning the RPW takeover of Remons Global.  Clearly, this problem was getting the best of her.  She was no longer the strong woman he had first met on the Squaw Valley ski slopes a few years ago.
“Hang on a second,” Albert said.  He pulled out his phone.  There was a message from Max.
The message read, “Quinn looks clean.  He’s a white-collar crook.  Moved here from Miami.  Comes from wealth.  He’s only doing unethical things, not illegal things.”
A second message followed.  It read, “The other one,” referring to Rebecca Edwards, “she’s got blood on her hands.  A lot of blood.  We need to be a lot more careful.  I’m working on some technology products to help us get her better under control.”
Albert knew what the last sentence meant.  Max was constructing some special gadgets for spying on Rebecca.
Albert put away the phone.  No sense in sharing the message details with Malcona.  She wasn’t mentally in a position to handle more stress.
He said, “I’m just getting started.  Remember, you called me to this party a little too late.  Give me some time.”
“Thanks, Albert.  I really appreciate your help.  We need to do what we…” She stopped talking.  Albert had stopped listening.  He was looking at his phone and was obviously upset.
She said, “What’s wrong?”
Albert looked up at her.  “Something’s the matter with Teleport.  I need to go.  I’ll catch a cab.  I’ll call you later.”  He was running away from her as he spoke.
In a panic, he glanced down at the phone again.  The two messages from Teleport read, “Intrusion attempt – port side door” and “Intrusion attempt – garage door”.


Chapter 14
Rals Farley sat on the upper deck of The Owner.  He took a big swig from the Bud Light bottle.  Then, he looked back at the computer tablet.
Farley had been onboard The Owner for three hours.  He had been summoned, there was no other way to describe it, by Rebeca for a meeting.  Although they were equal partners with Quinn, Farley felt that Rebecca was calling the shots.  She worried him.  He considered Rebecca dangerous and tried hard to avoid failing out of her good graces.
For twenty minutes, she had badgered him about the lack of progress against RPW.  Then, and only then, had she mentioned her meeting with Quinn at the football game.  This served to solidify Farley’s worry.  Rebecca was in control.
Before she left for the game, she had instructed him to stay aboard The Owner.  His job was simple: wait for her return and give him further orders.  
Farley quietly cursed at Rebecca.  She was watching the game on the fifty-yard line.  Meanwhile, he was watching the same game on a small computer screen.  He was doing all the work.  Yet, she was getting the perks.
His phone buzzed.  It was a text message from Rebecca.  He cursed her again, as he read the message.  It read, “Pabek left the game.  Send one of the men to watch his boat.”
“It’s a ship, not a boat, Rebecca.” Farley said, no one there to hear his gripe.
Motioning to a nearby attendant, he said, “Find Mummer.  I need him to do something for me.”
The attendant walked away slowly and descended the forward staircase.  The attendant’s calm movements pissed Farley off even more.  When Remons was around, the attendants ran.  Even with Rebecca, the few remaining attendants were fast to service her needs.  With him, the attendants seemed indifferent.  Their actions were compliant with his requests.  But there was no urgency.
He picked up his phone from the table, scrolled through his contacts, and located Bill’s number.  He pecked out a cryptic text message.  It read, “I have an idea.  Interested?”  He figured if Bill was keen on an alliance, the message was sufficient to start a conversation.
A moment later, Bill replied with an equally vague message.  “Rebecca?”
Farley smiled.  The dance was on.  They were feeling each other out now.  He replied, “Do you have a payne in your side?”
Bill replied, “The Payne is in my back.”
Farley was laughing when he noticed Mummer climbing up the forward staircase.  He quickly typed out a response.  “Berkley Marina – 6 PM.”
Bill replied, “K.”
“You wanted to see me?” Mummer said.  There was no formality to his question.  In fact, he seemed irritated at being summoned by someone other than Rebecca.
Farley said, “Rebecca wants you to see shadow Pabek.  Find out what he’s doing.  He should be back to his ship soon.”
Mummer had become fully attentive upon hearing the words, ‘Rebecca wants’.  He replied, “Certainly.”  Then, he headed to the forward staircase and descended from view; fast.
-----
Bill read Farley’s last message and grinned.  He returned the phone to his pocket, leaned forward on the stool, and rested his elbows on the old wooden bar.  
The bartender pushed through the kitchen swinging doors.  He walked over and set down a large, round plate of nachos dripping with processed cheese, guacamole, sour creme and low quality ground beef.
“Thanks, Dan,” Bill said.  He dug into the gooey pile of cholesterol.  
Dan said, “What’s bugging you, buddy?  I haven’t seen you this bummed in years.”
Bill shook his head.  “I’m always a pawn in someone else’s game.  I traded Remons for something worse, if you can believe that.”
Dan said, “Bill, there’s no way that’s true.  Remons was a monster.  What’s the story on the new owners?”
Bill paused a moment on the nachos.  He said, “Remons was an evil man.  No doubt about it.  But, I always knew where I stood with him.  Sure, I realized one wrong move would end my career; or worse.  But, things were clear.”
He continued.  “With RPW, things are different.  It is like I’m a kid fresh out of school.  That’s how the lead partner is treating me.”
Dan nodded as if he understood.
Bill laughed.  “Forget about it, Dan.  It’s nothing.  Pour me another drink.  Do you have any of the Evan Williams 23 bourbon left over from Remons’ stash?”
Now, Dan laughed.  “Of course.  I still owe you for spinning off all those shipments of the good stuff over the years.  Remons never found out?”
Bill smiled.  “Of course not.  I’m sitting here.  Now, pour me a drink.”
Dan removed a fresh glass from the cabinet, located the Evan Williams, and half-filled the glass for Bill.
The previous year, Bill had embezzled away several cases a week of Remons’ favorite drink.  He did it as a special thank you for Dan.  Dan’s bar had been one of the few anchor points in Bill’s life since his arrival in 2008.  He had become a close friend.
Dan stepped away and tended to other customers.  Bill finished up his nachos, dropped fifty dollars on the bar, waved, and headed for the door.
In the parking lot, he looked around for the Nissan Versa.  It wasn’t around.  Bill shook his head with frustration.  He was disappointed at his paranoia.  
He maneuvered into the Porsche’s seat, fired up the engine, and spun out of the parking lot.  Bill kept a sailboat in the Berkley Marina.  Farley’s sailboat was in the same marina.  They had worked together for years under Remons.  They weren’t really friends, but had a common interest in sailing.
Bill was drunk.  He drove cautiously, heading toward the Berkley Marina using secondary roads.  Once at the marina, he powered down the Porsche and climbed out.  He noticed a compact car driving slowly along the feeder road to the marina.  It looked similar to the car tailing him earlier.  Yet, he couldn’t be certain.  
He stood motionless beside the Porsche and watched the car as it continued south.  Then, it disappeared out of sight, behind the restaurant in front of one of the hotels near the marina.  Bill sighed and walked toward the boat slips.  He felt like Malcona had someone watching him.  Probably sending her hourly reports on his comings and goings.
Bill walked to the security gate for his pier and opened it with his assigned key.  He walked down the pier until he reached his boat.  For someone of his professional stature, the ship was a modest vessel.  The sailboat was a 2005 Beneteau 343.  The vessel was thirty-four feet in length and was in horrible condition.  
He was the first owner of the Beneteau, having purchased it in 2008 from a local dealer.  Sailing was falling out of favor then at a faster pace than the economy.  The dealer wanted to move the boat at any cost.  It had sat in his yard for three years.  Bill bought it a ridiculously low price and had it commissioned at the Berkley Marina.
Since buying it, Bill had done no maintenance.  The boat floated, the motor started, the refrigerator worked, and the sail winches functioned.  That was all that Bill cared about.  He viewed it as a disposable asset.
After stepping up on the deck, he swung a leg over the lifeline and jumped into the cockpit.  Bill opened up the companionway, removed the hatch boards, and went below decks.  He opened the refrigerator, retrieved a dark amber bottle of beer, and then climbed back up in the cockpit.  
The weather was mild and the sun was softening along the western horizon.  Sitting down, he panned his eyes half interested across the marina.  He had about an hour to kill waiting on Farley to show up.
Two hundred and forty yards away, eyeballs pressed against binocular lenses, Lawrence Stone was watching Bill.

Chapter 15
It was 5:48 PM.
Albert tossed a ten-dollar bill to the cab driver as he pulled the car alongside the Pier Marina curb.  He was out of the cab almost before it stopped moving.
Running, Albert weaved his way through the shops along the pier.  He reached the security gate to Dock 14, hastily keyed in the security code, and continued his run down the pier.  He could see Teleport.  And, he could see the San Francisco police officers.  They were milling around on the decks of Teleport and along the dock.  
Yelling as he approached, he said, “Get off my ship!”  
Two officers stepped toward him and pulled out their weapons.  One officer said, “Stop there, Mr. Pabek.  Don’t cause us any trouble.  We have a warrant.”
Albert settled back to a slow walk and raised his hands, as if to say, “I understand”.  He said, “I would like to see the search warrant.  What are you looking for?”
Albert noticed Sargent Bratcher standing on the aft section in front of the aft facing seats.  He yelled to Bratcher, “Sergeant?  What are you looking for?”
Bratcher climbed up the aft starboard steps, walked along the deck, and stepped down on the dock.  He made his way over to Albert.  “Pabek.  I gave you fair warning at the diner.  I’m investigating the disappearance of James Edwards.”
Albert shook his head.  “I had nothing to do with it.”
“Well, we will see about that.  I have a warrant to confiscate your dinghy for forensic inspection.  We have on good authority that James Edwards was kidnapped, later killed, and finally stored away in your tender.”
Albert said, “That’s the stupidest thing I have heard this year.  I liked the kid.  Remons was the one trying to kill him.  Not me.”
Bratcher scowled.  “Just open up this ship and let us have the dinghy.  Otherwise, I’m going to get some guys down here to cut it open.”
Albert begrudgingly nodded, climbed up on the deck, walked across the cabin top and over to the port side bridge door.  He moved his hands fluidly and made several unnecessary motions, as a distraction for his means of unlocking the door.
He heard the latches release and slid open the door.  Bratcher asked, “How did you get that door to open?”
Albert smirked.  “Is that a question that I’m obligated to answer under your sham of a search warrant?”
Bratcher shook his head, but said nothing.
Albert stood in the doorway.  His right hand was a few inches from the Ruger SR1911 holstered in the bridge door.  There was no getting around the police seeing part of his arsenal.
He said, “Sargent, may I open the garage lid and unload the dinghy for your men?”
“You’re funny, Pabek.  My men will help you.  You aren’t going in that ship alone.”
Albert said, “Very well.  I should disclose there are two loaded pistols on the bridge; one on each door.”
Bratcher glared at him.  “Step away from the door.”
Albert stepped back up on the deck.  Bratcher climbed up on the deck, walked around the bow to the port side, pushed his way around Albert, and stepped down into the bridge.  He gazed around the high tech bridge in awe.
“Pabek, I underestimated your wealth.  This bridge looks like an airplane cockpit.  What’s with all the electronics?”
Albert shrugged his shoulders.  He wasn’t saying anything other than what was necessary.
“Okay, get in here.  Open this thing up.  I want that dinghy, so we can get out of here.  Keep your hands away from the guns.”
Albert stepped down into the bridge.  
Bratcher stared at him.  He asked, “Are there any guns in the garage or in the dinghy?”
“No, sir.”
“Okay, get down there.  Open it up.”
Albert climbed down the aft companionway stairs.  He pressed the Garage-Open button.  The air compressor could be heard deep in the vessel.  Soon, the giant aft trunk lid began rising.
Albert pressed the Dinghy-Unload button.  The dinghy began tilting higher on its starboard rail and the lines began to ease.  The dinghy slid along the Teflon rails and slipped silently into the water.
Bratcher climbed down into the garage as Albert walked across the now empty space once occupied by the dinghy.  Albert unhooked the fore and aft loading lines, reached in, grabbed the painter, and handed it to Bratcher.
He said, “Here you go.  Please don’t damage my tender.  When can I have it back?”
Bratcher eyed him suspiciously.  “I’m guessing you won’t get it back, as I expect to find James Edwards’ blood in that dinghy.  Maybe you and the dinghy can share a prison cell together.”
Albert looked out across the water, avoiding Bratcher’s stare.  He said, “Good luck with your hypothesis.”
Bratcher said, “Don’t try to leave the Bay Area.  I have my men watching you.  You won’t make it beyond the Golden Gate Bridge.”
Bratcher looked up to the command bridge.  There was another officer standing at the top of the companionway stairs.  He was wearing a white Tyvex suit.  Obviously, he was to be the driver for the dinghy.  The Tyvex suit would reduce any risk of contamination from the officer.
Bratcher said, “Get down here, Smith.  Drive the dinghy over to the trailer on the ramp.”
Smith climbed down the aft companionway stairs, walked across the garage floor, and climbed carefully into the tender.  He lowered the engine into the water, and then started the motor.
Bratcher tossed the painter into the dinghy as Smith eased away from Teleport.
Albert looked quizzically at Bratcher.  “Anything else in the warrant?”
“No.”
“Then, get off my ship.”
Bratcher smirked.  He climbed the companionway stairs and stepped up on the deck through the starboard sliding door.
Albert closed the garage door, and then climbed up on the bridge.  He sat in the captain’s chair and watched as Bratcher, along with the remaining officers, walked down the pier.
Jagsy climbed up the forward companionway.  He meowed at Albert, jumped up on the console in front of the helm, and soon was asleep.   
Albert pulled out his smartphone and sent a text message to Max and Lawrence.  It read, “SFPD just took the dinghy from Teleport.  They had a warrant.”
Lawrence texted back, “Eyeballs on Bill.  Berkley Marina.”
Max texted back, “Rebecca is trying to push out Farley.  Rumor has it she want’s him to disappear – permanently.”
Mummer was sitting on a bench near the gas dock.  He had a fishing pole resting on the dock with an unbaited hook in the water.  He had watched the police commotion on Teleport.  
As the white suited officer, in Teleport’s dinghy, motored past the gas dock, Mummer texted a message to Rebecca.  It read, “Pabek’s boat was just searched by SFPD.  They confiscated his dinghy.”
Rebecca sent a text response.  It read, “Find out why the dinghy was taken.  Do not talk to Farley.”
Retrieving a second phone from her purse, she texted another message to a second phone carried by Mummer.  Both of the secondary phones were disposable, prepaid phones.  
The message read, “Resolve Farley situation tonight.”
Mummer read the message.  He typed one word in response.  “Understood.”
Chapter 16
Farley, straddled atop his new motorcycle, a red Indian Chieftain, rumbled slowly through the Berkley Marina parking lot.  He parked in the “Motorcycles Only” section, revved the engine - just to hear it roar - and then shut it off.
While climbing off the bike, he felt the phone vibrating in his pocket to indicate a message.  He removed it from a zippered pocket in his pants and read the message from Mummer.   Muttering to himself, Farley said, “The cops?  I wonder why they want the dinghy?”
Farley locked the handlebars and headed for the pier.  He unlocked the security gate with his key and passed through it onto the dock.  Reaching the sailboat, he turned left and walked down the narrow finger dock.  
He owned a 1970 Tartan 34, a single mast sloop.  In contrast to Bill Shefford, Farley obsessively maintained his sailboat in tip top condition.  The boat was 43 years old, but looked as if it left the showroom yesterday.  He had spent three years restoring the vessel to better than new condition.  
“Hey there, Rals,” Bill said.  The two men were next-door slip neighbors.
Farley climbed aboard his vessel and looked across the cockpit to Bill’s ship.  Bill was still sitting in the cockpit.
Rals said, “Hi, Bill.  Enjoying a quiet Sunday evening, huh?”
“Yep.  You want a beer?”
“Sure.”  Referring to his sailboat, he said, “Give me a moment to check on the old girl here, and then I’ll be over.”
Farley unlocked the companionway lock, slid back the hatch, removed the hatch boards, and climbed down into the salon.  He placed the hatch boards in their designated stow location and sat down in the salon.
His phone buzzed.  It was a message from Bill, reading, “All clear.”  This message told Farley that Bill had not spotted anyone watching his arrival.
Farley climbed the companionway stairs, stepped out of the cockpit, over the lifelines, down onto the finger pier, and then up onto Bill’s boat.  He was sitting down in the cockpit as Bill climbed out of the cabin carrying two fresh beers.
Bill handed a beer to Farley and returned to his still warm seat.  Farley had reached out to Bill about some type of alliance.  Bill expected him to move first.
Farley said, “Pabek’s ship was just searched by SFPD.  One of my guys just told me about it.  What’s going on with your friend, Pabek?”
Bill smiled.  “Beats me.  What were the cops looking for?”
Farley eyed Bill warily.  Bill seemed to be gloating a little.  He wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol or something else.  Farley said, “They seized his dinghy.  That’s all I know.”
Bill laughed.  “Okay, Rals.  What do you want to talk about?  Quinn ready to give back the properties illegally stolen from RPW?”
“Cut it out.  They belong to Quinn.  You know it.  Anyway, you don’t give a shit about RPW.  We both know that.  Frankly, I don’t give a shit about Quinn.  I just want to walk away from this mess with a pile of cash.  That’s why I’m here.”
Bill nodded.  “Okay.  Good.  All cards on the table.  RPW can kiss my ass.  I can’t imagine another day of Malcona Payne in my face about every minuscule expenditure I make.  I wish Remons was still around.”
“Me, too.”  
Farley realized Bill had avoided the Pabek discussion.  “What about Pabek?  He may get hurt.”
Bill nodded his head.  “So?  I don’t care at this point.  Pabek delivered Remons Global to those bitches on a golden platter.  He’s the only reason the two of us are so miserable today.”
“Agreed.”
Then, Bill let Farley in on his big secret.  “Pabek’s tender was confiscated to search for James Edwards’ blood.”
“What!”
“James died on Pabek’s ship.  Pabek had James tied up inside the dinghy.  When Remons sent the men out to kill Pabek and Stone… well, they shot up Pabek’s ship some before Pabek killed them.  One of the shots killed James Edwards.”
Farley was speechless.
Bill continued, “Albert dumped the body in the Pacific and cleaned up the dinghy.”
Farley asked, “How do you know this?”
“Albert told me.”
Farley shook his head.  “You’re a snake, Bill.  You leaked it to the cops?”
“Yep.  Way I figure it, Pabek will either end up in jail, or Rebecca will kill him.”
Silence settled in, while Bill and Farley sipped their beers.  Each began to ponder possible ideas for a mutually beneficial alliance.
Across the marina, Lawrence Stone dropped the night vision binoculars in the floorboard of the Nissan Versa.  He typed out a text message to Albert.  
It read, “Farley and Bill drinking beer.  They’re talking business.  This isn’t a casual discussion.”
Chapter 17
The sun had set, and it was a cool fall evening in San Francisco.  
Quinn and Rebecca stepped out of the taxi.  They were standing in front of Quinn’s condo building.  As they approached the entrance, the attendant quietly opened the door for the visually contrasting business partners.
Once aboard the elevator, Quinn pressed the Q button and entered the security code.  The elevator moved briskly to the penthouse suite.  The doors opened, and the pair strolled into the penthouse foyer.
Rebecca said, “Farley is a liability.  He’s not getting the job done.”
Quinn shook his head, saying, “I don’t think it is due to lack of effort.  Our lease contracts are legally strong, but RPW is very resourceful.  They can drag this out for a few months.”
“Pete, we are Quinn Properties.  Farley is just baggage.  We need to cut him out and run it as fifty-fifty partnership.”
“You are cold hearted, Rebecca.”
“Yes, I am.  So, what?  Are you in?”
“So, what are you thinking?  We use our equal votes to kick him out and buy his share?  I think it will be too expensive.  You know the stipulations in the partnership agreement.”
Rebecca smirked.  “I’m not giving him any money.  He hasn’t been feeling well lately.  The high cholesterol and high blood pressure are really getting him down.  I’m guessing he’s one bacon-cheeseburger from the grave.”
Quinn shook his head.  “Don’t do it, Rebecca.  I can teach you about patience.  Slaying any prey is easy.  Slaying the right prey, in the best and most gratifying way, well…  That takes patience and discipline.”
“You mind the store.  I’ll take care of Farley.  Don’t preach to me about patience.”  Changing the subject, she said, “Let’s open a bottle of wine.”
Quinn was headed for the kitchen, when Rebecca noticed her phone buzzing.  She looked at the message.  It was from Farley, and read, “Pabek’s dinghy was confiscated by the SFPD.”
Rebecca smirked. “You’re a dumbass, Farley.  I already knew that.”  
She texted a response, “Where are you?”
Farley replied, “I’m drinking beer on my ship.  Where are you?”
Quinn stepped out onto the balcony with two glasses and a bottle of wine.
As he was handing her a glass of a Napa Cabernet Sauvignon, Rebecca said, “Farley is a jackass.”
Quinn laughed at her.  “You two are always fighting.  I don’t get it.  You’re on the same team.”
Rebecca ignored his comment, took a sip from the glass, and texted a response to Farley.  It read, “None of your business.  Are you my keeper?”
She excused herself and walked to the guest bathroom.  After closing the door, Rebecca texted Mummer on the disposable phone.  Her message read, “Berkley Marina.  Now.”
Mummer replied, “Okay.”
Rebecca returned to the balcony and sat down.  She said, “Pabek’s dinghy was taken by the SFPD.  He should be in jail tomorrow for murder charges.  I know he killed James.”
Quinn nodded and sipped his wine.  He really didn’t care about James Edwards’ death.  Furthermore, he didn’t believe Pabek was a threat to Quinn Properties, or even Cobalt Industries for that matter.
“What’s their interest in the dinghy?”
“I don’t know, exactly.  James was last seen on Pabek’s boat.  Maybe they are looking for evidence to confirm James was indeed there.”
“So, they find evidence James was there.  Then what?  They somehow pin the death on Pabek.  What’s it get you?  Pabek in jail?  How is that justice?”
Quinn tried subtly inching his way closer to Rebecca.  He had something on his mind and it involved her spending the night in the penthouse Quinn Azure painted bedroom.  Now seemed like a good time to take action.  He reached over and ran his hand along her arm.
Rebecca dropped her glass.  It shattered on the balcony floor.  She grabbed his hand and pushed it away.
“What the hell are you doing!”
“You know what I’m doing.  No reason in stalling the inevitable.”
“Get real!  You touch me again, and I’ll personally stab those colored contacts out of your eyes.”
She stood up and drew her arm back.  Before Quinn could deflect, Rebecca backhand slapped him hard across his right cheek. 
Rebecca glared at him coldly.  “I’m going back to The Owner.  Like I said, try that again and you’ll be missing body parts before I’m done.” 
Leaving him no opportunity to respond, Rebecca went inside the condo, grabbed her shoulder bag, and was soon in the elevator.
Quinn rubbed his cheek and laughed.  She had taken a jab at his machismo, but it had been worth it.  He picked up the phone off the side table and texted Bill.  “Pissed off the bitch.  She’s after Farley.  Everything is headed the right way for you and me.”

Chapter 18
It was 9:29 PM.
Albert was crawling around behind the starboard engine.  Flashlight in one hand, he was feeling around the propeller shaft with the other hand.  He worked his way around the stuffing box, but could not find where the water may be leaking into the hull.
He climbed out of the engine room and stepped into the salon.  The water was not coming in through either of the propeller shafts.  That had been the most likely entry point.  Next, he would check the through-hull fittings installed below the waterline and scattered around Teleport’s undersides.
However, that was a chore for tomorrow.  Right now, he had more interesting plans.
Albert picked up his phone from the galley countertop.  He scrolled to Max’s contact info and pressed the Call Now icon.
Max answered cheerfully.  “What’s up, Albert?  Hadn’t heard from you much today.”
“Is your girlfriend up for a night flight?  She’s not scared to fly in the dark, is she?”  Albert was referring to the Sikorsky.
“No doubt!  She’s been itching to spin her blades for weeks.  What are we doing?”
Albert said, “I’m headed to see Rebecca aboard The Owner.  I want you to pick me up off the ship’s deck.  I’ll send you a text when it’s time.  Probably thirty minutes.  How long will it take you to get there?”
Max didn’t say anything.  Albert already knew that Max disagreed with tactic.
Albert said, “It will all work out.  We’ve talked through this.”
During his return sail to San Francisco, Albert had discussed many ideas with Max.  This particular idea - attempting to turn Rebecca and Quinn against each other - was one Max did not agree with.  Albert obviously had decided to do it anyway.
Max laughed, but Albert could hear the nervousness in his voice.  Max asked, “Are you sure provoking her is a good idea?  Isn’t there a safer and easier way?”
“Maybe so.  But I want to get this nonsense straightened out.  This isn’t my battle.  I want to get back to Mexico, and I want you back in the charter business.  You’re the main reason I’m back.”
Max went quiet.  He had felt that was the only reason Albert had returned.  Hearing it was sobering to Max.
“Albert.  Listen.  Don’t worry about the Sikorsky.  This isn’t worth risking life and limb.  We did what we set out to accomplish.  Remons is dead.  We got our revenge.  I’ll be okay.”
Albert said, “This isn’t about the Sikorsky.  It’s about our friendship.  I’m not sitting idly by while someone takes something else from you.  Joke all you want.  That girl is yours.  Don’t argue with me.”
Max tried a different approach.  “Okay, so what do you really think this will accomplish?”
“I’m going to show them two things.  Number one, my comments will put enough doubt in their respective minds about each other, that hopefully some of their weaknesses will be exposed.  Let’s get them fighting against one another.”
Then, he added, “Number two.  Both of them will see that I mean business, and I’m just a little too crazy for their world.  Let’s see if we can force them into a better structured deal with RPW.”
Finally, he said, “My objective is to get you the Sikorsky free and clear, and get them to lease the properties at a fair rate to RPW.  From there, Malcona and Bill can manage the rest.  I’m not here to run their business.”
Max sighed.  “Okay.  In for a penny.  In for a pound.  Let’s get on with it.  I’ll pull the Sikorsky out of the hangar and have her ready to fly.  I need fifteen minutes to get there, though.  Seems like a long time - if you’re in trouble.”
“Okay.  Go ahead and lift off in twenty minutes.  Fly around offshore just outside the Golden Gate Bridge.  How long can you do that, without drawing suspicion from the FAA?”
Max replied, “Probably fifteen or twenty minutes.  We should be okay.” 
“Good.  We’ll talk soon.”  Albert pressed the End Call icon, stuffed the phone in his jacket pocket, walked forward through the galley, and into the forward passageway.
Stepping into the head, he unlocked the two hidden latches on the right side of the shower stall and pivoted the shower away from the wall.  Pressing two buttons disguised as bolt heads he activated four solenoids, one on the top of the door, two along the vertical length and one on the bottom.  
Albert listened as the computer sent a final command for the Open Door sequence and watched as the fifth solenoid pushed the door open into the small Kevlar reinforced, hidden room.
He stepped through the tiny passageway and into Teleport’s secret space.  Albert opened one of the overhead cabinets along the port side of the ship.  He retrieved the Ruger SR9c from it, along with two clips full of ammunition.
Albert placed the gun under his belt along his lower back.  It was positioned for him to reach it properly with his left hand.
Stepping back into the floor area normally occupied by the shower, he reversed the sequence and locked the passageway door.  Then, he pivoted the shower into place and latched it securely.  
Albert returned to the galley, crossed the salon, and climbed the forward passageway stairs.  Standing on the bridge, he scanned the marina surroundings through the large, reinforced glass windows.
Darkness had arrived in San Francisco Bay.  
He didn’t see any obvious threats, but that provided little comfort.  Turning on the port side 19” lower glass bridge display, Albert scrolled through the touchscreen options and located the masthead camera.  He clicked on the icon and switched to infrared detection.  Slowly, he panned the camera around the marina.
Three slips down from Teleport, the camera detected a powerboat with two occupants.  Albert assumed it was one of the speedboats from The Owner.  
“Damn it!”
Albert retrieved the phone from his pocket and pressed the redial button for Max.  
“What’s up?”  Max answered with a question.
“Change of plans.  I have two thugs docked near me in the marina.  I’m going to catch a ride with them over to The Owner.”
“You’re kinda ballsy tonight.  What’s up with you?”
“I want to get this job finished.  Bill’s dirty.  The RPW women need to clean up their own mess.  I wasn’t looking for a career with RPW.”
“Okay,” Max laughed.  “What’s the new plan?”
“If I don’t text or call within fifteen minutes, you need to call Bratcher at the SFPD.  Tell him I’m being held hostage on The Owner.  Otherwise, plan to pick me up in thirty minutes.”
“Will do,” Max said.  “Be careful.”
“Always am.  See you soon.”  Albert pressed the Call End icon and pocketed the phone.  He noticed Jagsy climbing up the aft companionway stairs and onto the bridge.
“Jagsy, what were you doing in the garage?”
Jagsy said nothing, ignoring Albert’s question.  He walked silently across the bridge floor and disappeared from sight down the forward companionway stairs.
Albert removed the Ruger SR1911 from the starboard bridge sliding door.  He stuck it in his right jacket pocket.  Then, he opened the bridge door and stepped up onto the deck.
He closed the door and depressed the hidden switches to latch the door, as well as arm the security system.  Looking at his smartphone, Albert confirmed all security systems were functioning properly and that Teleport was indicating an ‘all green’ status.
Albert jumped down onto the dock and walked deliberately toward the speedboat.  He could see the ship rocking as the men clamored over the sides and onto the dock.
He picked up his pace and was quickly standing face to face with the two thugs.  
The guy on Albert’s right, the shorter of the two men, spoke first.  He said, “We told you to leave.”
Albert stepped closer and looked down at him.  He said, “Rebecca has shorter standards than Remons.”
The thug lunged toward Albert, but his partner pulled him back.  
The second guy, he was taller but about thirty pounds overweight, said, “Settle down!  Both of you.”  He leaned into Albert’s face and said, “Get the hell out of here.  We don’t want trouble.  Just leave.”
Albert said, “I don’t follow instructions from jackasses.”  
He had his right hand in the jacket pocket; his fingers wrapped tightly around the pistol grip.  Neither party was backing down.  There was going to be a fight.  Guns beat out other weapons and Albert was prepared to claim ‘self defense’.
For almost a minute, the thugs and Albert stared at each other in an adrenaline charged and awkward silence.  Each knew this situation wasn’t to end favorably for all parties.
Albert made his move.  Swiftly, he twisted his left hand to the gun on his back.  At the same time he drew the Ruger from his right hand pocket.
The thugs had expected a reaction from Albert.  But, they hadn’t anticipated two guns.  Albert now had a gun pointed in each of the thug’s faces.  
He was in control; at least for the moment.  Step one had been successfully completed.
“Toss your guns in the water.” Albert commanded.
The shorter thug said, “This isn’t a good plan.  You’re a dead man.”
“Now!”
The thugs complied.  One splash.  Then another splash.  
“Strip!”
Confused, the pair looked warily at Albert.  The taller guy said, “Are you serious?”
“Hurry up!  We have an appointment with your boss.”
The thugs quietly undressed.
“Toss your clothes in the water.”
The short guy glared at Albert.  “I’m going to gouge your eyes out of that smug looking face.  Be warned, asshole.”
“Shut up, Shorty.”  Albert had a name for him now.  “You and your tall buddy - I’ll call him Sticks – aren’t going to bother me any longer.”
Albert said, “Okay, Shorty.  Untie the dock lines.  Sticks, you just stand there and hold the boat against the dock.”
Shorty and Sticks complied.  Albert climbed over the side and boarded the boat, careful to keep the guns pointed at the naked men.  Then, he said, “Get in the boat.”
The men climbed in the boat.
“Where are the rest of the guns?”
Sticks said, “Down in the cabin.”
“Okay,” Albert said.  “Shorty, you drive.  I want to see your hands.  Sticks, sit in the seat with Shorty.  I need both of you positioned for an easy shot – if necessary.”
The men sat near each other.  Albert sat on the opposite side of the boat, both guns still pointing at the men.
He said, “Let’s go.  We’re headed to The Owner.  Get us inside the garage.  If you fail that, I’ll kill you, and the newspaper will be talking about the two naked guys found dead in the marina.”
Shorty started the engines and eased the boat away from the dock.  The boat idled past the breakwater, turned east, and picked up speed.  Directly ahead of them, The Owner loomed in the darkness.
Sticks looked at Albert and pointed at the radio microphone.
Albert nodded.  He said, “No tricks or you’re dead.”
Sticks clicked the microphone button.  He said, “Open the door.  Tango-Seven-Echo-Eleven.”
“Roger,” a voice unknown to Albert replied.
The large rear door on The Owner began sliding upward in its tracks.  Faint lights glowed inside the aft section of the giant ship.
Albert could see one man inside the garage, obviously ready to assist with the speedboat docking.  He said to Sticks, “How many men in the garage?”
Sticks said, “Just the one guy.  Ms. Edwards doesn’t keep as large a staff as Remons did.”
Albert looked at Sticks with suspicion.
“Is this true, Shorty?”
Shorty looked at Albert.  “It’s probably true.  There’s no reason for anyone else to be in the garage.  We weren’t expecting you to kidnap us.”
“Okay,” Albert said.  “Put the speedboat in the garage.  No sudden movements, understand?”
Both men nodded.  
Shorty revved the engine and slid the speedboat up the skid rails inside the garage.  The boat’s upward angle caused Albert and the thugs aboard to lose sight of the thug in the garage.
Shorty shut off the engines.  Albert whispered, “Don’t move.”
The trio could hear the man in the garage walking toward the speedboat.  
The man in the garage yelled out, “What are you guys doing in there?”
Just then, he stepped into view of the speedboat’s cockpit.  Albert had one of his guns pointing at the third man.  The other gun was still pointing at the naked men.
Albert said, “Slowly remove your gun.  Toss it out the doorway and into the bay.”
A shocked look on his face, it took the man a moment to understand what was happening.  But, he complied without a fight.
“Now, get in the boat with us.”
The thug climbed over the side of the speedboat.
“You are too dressed up for this party.  Undress, just like Shorty and Sticks have already done.”
Sticks nodded to his fellow thug.  “Do what he says.”
The third man disrobed.
“Now, toss your clothes out the garage door and into the bay.”
Silently, the man leaned over the back of the speedboat and tossed his modesty into the water.
“Okay, sit over there with your buddies.”
Looking at Sticks, Albert asked, “How many more gun carrying thugs onboard tonight?”
Sticks said, “Two.  Maybe three.”
“Where’s the remainder of them?”
“There are only eight of us working for Quinn Properties.  Two guys are off work tonight.  Another guy, Mummer, he’s probably still out on some other business.”
“Okay, then.  The three of you are leaving in the speedboat.  No calling the captain or your friends, understand?  No sense embarrassing yourselves about being naked together.  I suggest the three of you work on a story to explain this to Rebecca.”
Albert ripped the radio microphone from the dash.  He then asked, “Cell phones?”
Sticks motioned to the glovebox.  “There’s one in there.”
“Get it out and toss it out the doorway.”
Sticks complied.
Albert climbed out of the boat.  He reached over on the wall, pressed the button to release the latch holding the speedboat.  At the same time, the slide rails began tilting upward and the boat slid backward into the water.
Albert then pressed the button to close the garage doors.  Quickly, he moved away from the doorway.  No reason in allowing the thugs an easy shot at him.  The door was nearly closed when he heard Shorty fire up the engines on the speedboat.
Albert put the Ruger SR9c under his belt and removed the smartphone from his left jacket pocket.  He typed out a message to Max.  “Onboard safely.  Land on the deck in fifteen minutes.”
Max texted back, “Roger.”
Chapter 19
Between the two of them, Bill and Farley had polished off more than twenty beers.  The conversations had drifted into slurred speech, and then into silence.  They were too drunk to coherently discuss any realistic plans for outwitting anyone.  
Bill stretched out his arms, stood up, and said, “I’m done for the night.  Time for some rest.  I’m sleeping here tonight.”
Farley took the not so subtle hint.  He wobbled to his feet and climbed precariously onto the dock.  
Bill suggested, more so than asked, “You sleeping aboard your ship tonight?”
“Nope.  I’m going home.”
“Do what you want, Rals.  But, you are drunk.  Not a good idea to drive.”
“I’ll be fine.  Three miles on the side streets and I’ll be snug in my bed.  Besides, I can’t leave the bike in the marina all night.  It will be missing some of its parts by morning.  Damn petty thieves piss me off.  My view is, if you want to be a crook at least be a very wealthy one.”
Farley was so drunk that he forgot to lock up his sailboat.  He weaved side to side along the dock and made his way to the parking lot.  
Clumsily, he climbed on the seat of the motorcycle, tilted it upright, raised the kickstand, and started the engine.  He rode slowly through the parking lot.  
Talking aloud to himself, he said, “No speeding.  Stop at all lights and signs.  No California rolling stops.  You can do this.”
Two blocks later, he stopped at the first traffic light.  The light turned green and Farley accelerated slowly through the intersection.
Out of nowhere, he briefly saw a bright set of headlights rapidly coming at him.  The headlights were attached to a full sized black SUV.  The black SUV bucked and bounced violently as it drove over the top of Farley and the red motorcycle.
He died instantly.  Suddenly, Quinn Properties was minus one partner.  
-----
Aboard The Owner, Rebecca stepped from the master suite’s ornate shower.  She had moved into the massive aft facing suite immediately after the vessel’s release from U.S. Customs.
After donning a thick robe, she walked through the bedroom and into the living area.  The room was dimly lit by the lights above the large, stocked bar.  That was her intended destination.  She poured a Belvedere vodka – neat.
“Remons’ ghost live here with you?”
Rebecca spun around to face the sounds of the voice.
Sprawled out on one of the sofas, looking as comfortable as if he were in his own living room, Albert grinned at Rebecca.  He had moved undetected through the ship, having been able to avoid any interaction with the two remaining guards aboard the vessel.  Fortunately, Sticks, Shorty and the third naked guard had yet to return to The Owner; likely they were still working out a story that was not as embarrassing as the truth.
Scarcely hesitating, Rebecca took steps toward Albert.  “What the hell are you doing on my ship?”  She was not intimidated and damn sure wanted him to know it.
Albert kept the smile on his face.  “You aren’t planning to ride the crazy train like Remons – are you?  Owners of this ship seem to lose their minds and get killed.”
Menacingly, Rebecca stood over him.  Albert was surprised at her brazen approach.  He hadn’t expected it.  
She said, “Why are you here?  Is there a purpose for your trespassing?”
Albert said, “I have a simple request.  Sign over the properties to RPW.  Or, at very least, set up a legitimate and fair lease agreement.  Frankly, I don’t care either way.  Just do one or the other.”
Rebecca sneered at him.  “It’s not happening.  I will own RPW - my company that was stolen from under me - before this is over.”
Albert leaned forward and stood from the sofa.  Standing toe to toe with Rebecca, he said, “You have forty-eight hours to resolve this situation amicably with RPW.”
Puzzled at the ultimatum, Rebecca raised her eyebrows and said, “Empty threats don’t bother me.”
“Non-empty ones should bother you, though.”  Albert walked toward the private staircase leading to the upper deck.  He could hear Max approaching.
Rebecca heard the helicopter, too.  She realized it must be the Sikorsky.
“You have a lot of nerve stealing my helicopter.  I’ll get it back – either in whole, or in pieces.”  Then, mocking Albert’s earlier comment, she sneered and said, “Frankly, I don’t care either way.”
“You are a low life, Rebecca.  Just like Remons.”  Then, he delivered the primary message intended for the visit.  “Quinn is double crossing you.  He’s in bed with RPW.”
Without warning, Albert ran up the stairs and stepped onto the upper deck.  He could see two thugs running from the forward sitting area.  Rebecca wasn’t too far behind Albert.
Max had the sliding aft port side door locked in the open position.  As the Sikorsky neared the deck, Albert dove into the aft cabin.
He saw Rebecca emerge from the staircase and could hear her yelling at the guards.  “It’s Pabek!  Do something!”
 Max twisted the throttle on the collective for maximum power and pulled it higher.  Like a coiled spring unleashed, the helicopter leapt skyward.  He pushed the cyclic forward and to the right.  The helicopter headed west toward the Golden Gate Bridge.
Albert settled into one of the forward facing seats.  He pressed the intercom button.  “Max, can we get the Sikorsky safely to Quinn’s place for a brief visit tonight?”
Max checked the fuel levels and other instruments.  He pressed the talk button and said, “Of course.  But make it quick.  We need to get out of this area.  I’m transmitting an alternate transponder code now and we don’t want to draw suspicion from air traffic control.  Don’t forget; we are in controlled airspace.”
“Okay, let’s get this over with.  You have the codes for Quinn’s suite and elevator, right?”
Max laughed.  “They are taped on the tabletop beside you.  Why should you doubt me?”
Albert looked down at the table and read the codes.  He memorized them and gazed out the window at the night skyline of San Francisco.  
His phone buzzed and drew his attention from the window.  It was a text message from Lawrence.  “Farley left the marina fifteen minutes ago.  Bill’s asleep on his sailboat.  I’m headed to his house.”
Albert texted back, “Be careful.”
The Sikorsky was descending.  Albert could see the rooftop of Quinn’s building.  As the helicopter touched down, he slid open the door.
Max said over the intercom, “Five minutes.  Don’t drag it out.  Be quick.”
Albert ran to the rooftop elevator, keyed in the code, stepped aboard, keyed in the Quinn floor code, and pressed the Q button.
The elevator descended one floor.  A Ruger in each hand, Albert sprinted into the room as the doors were still opening.  Running through the living room, he spotted Quinn on the balcony.  
Quinn jumped from his seat and ran toward the kitchen.  He was moving with purpose.  Albert supposed there was a gun somewhere nearby.
Albert yelled, “Stop!  I swear I’ll kill you dead right here!”  
Quinn froze in the dining room, raised his hands, and said, “What do you want, Pabek?”
“I’m here to deliver a message.  You have forty-eight hours to amicably solve this battle with RPW.”
Then, he gave the same message given to Rebecca; just in reverse.  “Rebecca Edwards is double crossing you.  She’s working for RPW.  You’re a dead man, if you think she’s on your team.”
Albert walked backward toward the elevator and pressed the Up button.  The doors opened.  He stepped inside and pressed the H button.
As the doors opened on the roof, Albert raced to the Sikorsky and jumped aboard for the second time in one evening.
He slammed the door closed, as Max once again lifted the helicopter skyward.  He veered her northwest, skimming the top of downtown buildings, and then passing over the southern edge of the Golden Gate Bridge.
“Can we take the girl home, now?” Max asked.
“Yes,” Albert said.  
The adrenaline from the encounter was charging through his veins.  Albert laid his head back, breathed deeply, and tried to slow his speeding heartbeat.  He was angry.  This wasn’t a battle that he should be fighting and it really was pissing him off.  
The voice deep down inside began to speak with more assertiveness.  It said, “Take Teleport back to Mexico, NOW!”
Max dropped the Sikorsky low over the Pacific waters and headed northwest.  On a magnetic heading of 285 degrees, flying using visual flight rules, or VFR, they reached Drake Bay.  Max increased their altitude and turned to a magnetic heading of 35 degrees.  They crossed over the coastal mountain range bound for Marin County Airport, known as Gnoss Field, or DVO, to the flying community.
The route Max had chosen was important.  He had skirted the Sikorsky below controlled airspace to get out of San Francisco.  At Drake Bay, they had passed beyond the Class C controls of Oakland Center, and thus could turn northeast and skirt the northern edge of the controlled airspace until reaching the airport.
Max descended into the valley.  He adjusted one of his VHF radios to 123.075, keyed the microphone, and announced, “Airbus rotary.  Crossing downwind pattern at 500 feet altitude for direct approach to Runway 31.”
Albert listened on his headset.  On the intercom, he said, “Airbus?”
“I use a different description and tail number.  The Sikorsky, well, she’s a ghost.”
“Beautiful thinking, Max.”
“Just taking care of my girl.”
Chapter 20
It was 6:32 AM, on the day after the first day of fall, and on the 91st day of Albert’s new life.
Max was still asleep in one of the reclining chairs inside the Sikorsky.  Albert was awake.  He had been so for an hour.  He awoke to the voice, and he had been pacing non-stop around the hangar since.  
The voice was nagging him, now with more persistence.  It was screaming, “Leave NOW!” 
Albert finished another lap around the hangar, and then returned to the Sikorsky.  He leaned in the doorway and poked Max in the side.  “Wake up, Max.  Lawrence will be here in a few minutes."
Max, startled by the jab in the ribs, leaned forward and rubbed his eyes.  He climbed out of the cabin, stretched, and walked slowly around the Sikorsky.  He patted the helicopter’s nose, and said, “Good morning, Sikorsky.  Did you sleep well?”
The Sikorsky did not reply.
There was a knock on the hangar door.  Albert ran to a nearby table, grabbed his Ruger, and headed for the door.  
At the same time, Max jumped into the cabin and pulled a shotgun from the ceiling storage compartment.  He ran to the large overhead door used by the Sikorsky, prepared to disable an intruder, if it should be the case.
Albert reached the door, just as it received another knock from the person outside.  Albert briefly looked through the peephole and stepped away from the door.  He knew that standing in front of the peephole for too long could be detected by the person outside.  If the knocker was a foe, Albert would be an easy target.
Albert smiled and gave a thumbs up to Max across the hangar.  He opened the door. 
“Get in here, Lawrence,” Max said.  He closed and relocked the door after his childhood best friend stepped into the hangar.  The duo walked across the hangar to the small, sparse kitchen and sitting area.  Max walked to the Sikorsky and laid the shotgun on the cabin floor.
Lawrence plopped into one of the flimsy plastic chairs at the small table.  He tossed a couple of greasy paper sacks onto the table.  "Chow time, boys!  Awesome breakfast burritos.  I will do the talking, and you do the eating."
Albert and Max joined Lawrence at the table and ripped into the sacks.
“So, I know you guys had a late night and probably slept in.” Lawrence said, his usual smart ass, sarcastic tone in full bloom.  Then he added, “Therefore, the late breaking local news story hasn’t made it to your ears, yet.  Correct?”
Albert grimaced.  Lawrence was about to spill some news that would most likely result in a change of their plans.  He replied, “No.  What now?”
"Farley's dead.  Hit and run last night.  Coincidentally, just a few blocks from the marina."
Max didn't need any more information. Through a bite of food, he said, "Rebecca killed him.  No doubt."
Lawrence continued, “Farley and Bill drank late into the night.  They were both drunk.  Farley was on a motorcycle.  He probably ran a red light.  His fault for being drunk.”
Max shook his head.  “I doubt it, Lawrence.  Too many coincidences.  Albert just got back to town.  Quinn and Rebecca seem to be in charge of Quinn Properties.  Bill and Farley obviously trying to create their own strategy for the RPW fight.”
Albert had sat quietly. He was still digesting the food, as well as the idea that Rebecca was an out-and-out killer.  He saw her as selfish, ruthless, and ambitious.  He expected her to use illegal and unethical tactics, in order to reach her desires.  But, he hadn’t seen her as Remons style executioner.
Max could see the puzzlement in Albert.  He took another bite of food, looked at Albert, and raised his eyebrows.  "I told you, before you left Cabo.  She's just as cold hearted as Remons.  Be careful, Albert.  That was a practice kill.  She's coming after you.  And, it's not about money."
The voice said to Albert.  “He’s right.  Go back to Cabo.  Your fight was finished three months ago.  This isn’t your battle.”
Albert chewed his food, but said nothing to his friends.
Lawrence and Max questioningly looked at each other.  Neither knew what to say.  Albert was always decisive; always had something to say.
Max shrugged,  and then he said, “Albert, it's about vengeance.  Regardless how misplaced her thoughts may be, you should understand.  She is out to kill you.”
Lawrence said, “Listen to him. Please, Albert?  No more stunts like last night.  She's not playing around."
Albert nodded in agreement.  “Okay.  I’ll be more careful.  Let’s just hurry up and get through with this shit.”
Changing topics, a broadly grinning Lawrence said, “After I was sure that Bill was passed out on his sailboat, I broke into his house and snooped around.”
Albert did not appear amused.  "Spit it out, you secret keeper.  What did you find?”
“Bill’s modest home is full of stolen property from RPW.  Looks like he has a part time job as a commodities trader.  He has copper, gold bonding wire, titanium, and some diamond brazed cutting tools.  He’s very selectively removing high dollar goods from the Oakland facility.”
Lawrence continued, “Beyond that, well, Bill is the biggest slob in the world.  The house hasn’t been cleaned in months; probably even years.  You know, he may have been Uncle Roland’s childhood friend, but I don’t think they really have anything in common.”
Albert asked, “Where could he be fencing the goods?”
Lawrence said, “I found a handwritten notebook.  Bill must be a technophobe.  Other than a television, there wasn’t any other electronics in his house.  None of the stolen goods were electronics, either.”
“Anyway,” Lawrence continued, “he’s working deals with metals recyclers around the Bay Area.  You know how it works.”  Sarcastically, he added, “The most reputable people are those working in the all cash and no paper trail scrap trading business.”
Albert looked at Max, “Has Sam been reporting any inventory shortages?”
Max responded, “He’s never said anything to me, but I don’t talk much about that stuff.  Not my thing.”
While Albert was listening to Max, he sent a text message to Sam.  It read, “How many months have you been writing off losses for missing high dollar inventory.”
Albert stood up from the table.  With finality in his voice, he said, “Okay.  Let’s get this mess cleaned up.  Fast.  I want to go back to Mexico."
Max said, "Agreed.  I want to get back to my charter business.  So, what are we doing?"
Albert didn’t answer the question.  He instead asked his own. "Max, will you locate the GPS in Bill’s car.  I want to know if he has left the marina yet.”
Max stood up and walked to his electronics workbench.  The word, workbench, inadequately described Max’s self built laboratory, where dozens of unique inventions had originated.  Max picked up a tablet and accessed the locator beacon on the customized mapping application.
He said, “Bill's car is still in the Berkley Marina. The box Lawrence installed last night is working perfectly."
Lawrence nodded.  “Of course, it’s still working.  How can you doubt me?”  Then, he said, “Bill should be there all morning.  He’s still sleeping off the drinking party with Farley.  Anyway, most days he doesn't get to the office until well after nine.”
Albert’s phone was vibrating on the table.  He looked at the display.  It was a message from Sam.  
Sam’s message read, “How did you know about the thefts?  Been happening for a couple of years, but has gotten really bad in the past two months.”
Albert typed out a response.  It read, “Bill’s the culprit.”  Then, he asked, “What’s the value?”
Sam responded.  “Probably half a million, just this year.”
Albert texted, “Thanks.  Don’t say anything to him, or Malcona for that matter.  We can get some of it back later.  Gotta go.”
Max was still studying the mapping application.  He said, “Teleport’s dinghy is in the police impound yard off of 7th Street.  The tracking beacon is transmitting a strong signal.”
Albert said, “Okay, I’ll push Bratcher tomorrow to give it back to me.”
“Bill’s an ass,” Lawrence said.  “I can’t believe he turned you in to the police.”
“It just proves further what we’ve been suspecting for a while.  Bill’s dirty, and there’s nothing we are going to do about it, other than compartmentalize and deceive him.”
Lawrence started to laugh.  “He’s going to be pissed to find out you have a different dinghy!  Wish I could be there for that one.”
Max said, “Don’t be wishing yourself into danger, Lawrence.  Bill’s a lost cause.  A man with no morals and no future is very dangerous.  Don’t forget it.”
“Yeah, I know.”
Albert grabbed the backpack prepared for him by Max.  He looked at Lawrence, and said, “Let’s get out of here.  I need to get back to Teleport.  We all have work to do.”
They said their goodbyes and left Max to tend to the Sikorsky.  After leaving the hangar, the pair walked to the parking lot and climbed into Lawrence’s rented Nissan Versa.
Albert said, “Drop me off at the bus stop.  I’ll take it back to San Francisco.  I need to figure out where the leak is aboard Teleport.”
Lawrence said, “No problem.  I’ll head over to Berkley Marina and see what I can find aboard Bill’s sailboat.”
Lawrence spotted a bus stop and pulled over.  As the car came to a stop, Albert stepped out, and Lawrence sped away.  
Albert walked across the street and checked the tattered bus schedule posted on the signpost.  It would be 15 or 20 minutes before the next bus heading south would arrive.
While he was waiting, Albert looked at his smartphone.  First, he pulled up the camera application on Teleport.  He selected the masthead camera and panned it around the marina.  There appeared to be nothing unusual in the area.
Next, Albert switched to the salon camera.  Everything looked okay.  He could see Jagsy asleep on the floor.
Finally, he switched to the engine room camera.  Zooming in on the engine room floor, he detected a small puddle of water in one of the lower sections.  Panicking, he changed applications and studied Teleport’s system reports.  He learned there had been twelve bilge water alarms in the last eight hours.
“Where’s the leak?”  There was no one else at the bus stop, so his question went unanswered.
The voice deep in his skull said, “Teleport is okay.  She is telling you ’it is time to go’.  Set sail this afternoon.  Do not delay.”
A bus was approaching from the north.  It distracted Albert from the voice.  He closed the app and put away the phone.  The bus driver opened the door just as the bus rolled to a stop.  Albert climbed aboard, stuffed three dollars into the fare box, and sat down in the fourth row.
The door closed, the bus gradually picked up speed as it continued the journey south.
The passenger count was low.  In addition to Albert, there were three other people on the bus.  A young couple, probably runaways, sat in the very back of the bus.  Between the couple and Albert, an older gentleman was napping with his head against the window.  His face was sullen and drawn down, as if tiny strings were attached all around his face, each attached to weights pulling his face toward his eventual grave.
Albert placed the backpack in the seat beside him.  He unzipped the bag and removed a small box.  It was roughly the size of a single serving of breakfast cereal; the type of box usually found at a hotel’s complimentary breakfast. 
The box was an electronic device; another one of Max’s creations.  Albert was a smart person and reasonably technical, but Max continued to impress him with each new invention.  This particular box was constructed of black nylon and seemed featureless.  It looked and felt like a solid piece of plastic.  There were no buttons, lights, or visible seams.  For its size, the electronic device was heavy.  It easily weighed three pounds.
 The bus slowed, and Albert dropped the box into the backpack.  He stood up, shouldered the bag, and walked to the front of the bus.  Behind him, the young couple and the old man also were preparing to exit the bus.
After the bus stopped, Albert stepped down through the doorway and onto the sidewalk.  He walked along the Embarcadero for three blocks and reached Pier Marina ten minutes later.  He looked over at The Owner and shook his head.  Albert was tired of seeing the ship, and he was tired of cleaning up other people’s messes.
The voice whispered, “No, it’s not your mess to fix.  Go ahead and leave town.”
He continued walking through the shops along the pier and made his way to Dock 14.  As he neared the security gate, Albert once again checked Teleport’s surroundings using the masthead camera app on his phone.  He panned the camera and detected no threats.  
At the gate, he entered the security code, opened the door, stepped through, and closed it behind him.  Still with caution, he walked the length of the dock.  The sudden death of Rals Farley had increased his realization of the true dangers lurking around him.  He wasn’t sure who had killed Farley, but he knew it was certainly related to the battle between RPW and Quinn Properties.
Once alongside Teleport, he stepped up on the deck and walked to the bow.  It was a beautiful Monday morning in San Francisco.  Albert sat down on the deck near the starboard bow cleats.  He draped his legs over the side of the boat and leaned against the lifelines.  Soon lost in his thoughts, he pondered RPW Corporation, Rebecca, Bill, and Quinn.  Nothing seemed to make sense; other than it was all just a never-ending struggle for money and power.  
Several minutes passed.  He got up from the deck, walked aft on the deck and approached the port side sliding door.  Within proximity, Teleport detected the magnetic card in Albert's pocket and the first security latch solenoid unlocked.  Then, Albert discreetly pressed the hidden button and the secondary lock unlatched.
Through the closed door, Albert noticed Jagsy asleep in the captain’s chair.  He lifted his head, opened one eye with a little curiosity, and then closed it again.  
Albert slid open the door and stepped down onto the bridge.  He closed and locked the door behind him.  Then, he pressed six digits into the small keypad located on the overhead console.  Teleport’s intruder warning light stopped beeping and flashing.  She was now set to the occupied and docked mode.
Looking at Jagsy, Albert said, “All you do is eat and sleep.  What if I were an intruder?”
Chapter 21
Malcona Payne leaned back in the patio chair and sipped her cup of tea.  She gazed across the landscaping in the modest backyard.  Her phone sat motionless on the nearby table; it was turned off.  
Two months earlier, Malcona had set the phone to automatically power down at six o’clock each night and not turn back on until eight o’clock the following morning.  She despised hearing the constant buzz of arriving emails and text messages.  Moreover, she hated getting business phone calls.  It seemed as if no one could do anything without her involvement.
In the weeks following RPW’s acquisition of Remons Global, she had quickly become distrustful of how Bill managed her company.  Yet, she had no idea, and limited interest for that matter, on how to properly run the business.  She continually criticized Bill and took away all of his authority.  This resulted in more work for her.  More work in a business that she didn’t want to understand.
The time rolled past 8:00 AM, the phone powered up, and Malcona’s quiet retreat was interrupted by the incessant tones of voicemails, emails, and text messages.  Simultaneously, the phone began to ring.
She looked at the display.  It was Fay Wilson.  Malcona exhaled slowly, pressed the Accept Call icon, and said, “Good morning, Fay.  How are you?”
“Malcona, what the hell is going on?”  Fay said, barely allowing Malcona to finish her greeting.  “My accountant just called.  Where’s the dividend payment?  What’s your excuse now?”
Malcona hesitated a moment, and then said, “You know we have a cash flow problem.  What do you want me to do?  Write you a hot check?”
“You said this would be fixed last month.  I’m running out of patience.  We just need to sell the business to Quinn and be done with it.  Obviously, you don’t know how to run the business.  I don’t want to run it.  I just want out.”
Unabated, she continued.  “Have you read the news this morning?  Rals Farley is dead!  It was a hit and run!  We both know….  Anyway, I don’t want to be involved in all of this dangerous crap again!  How are we ever going to—”
Malcona interrupted Fay’s rant.  She asked, “Farley is dead?”
“Yes!  You know this will never end.  Get us out!”
“Fay, please be patient.  We can get this fixed.  Albert’s only been working on it for a couple of days.”
“Albert can’t fix this!  He didn’t do it right the first time around.  Otherwise, we wouldn’t be in this predicament today.”
Malcona was getting pissed now.  She laughed into the phone.  “You’re being stupid, Fay!  We wouldn’t have a company at all, if it weren’t for Albert.  Get over yourself.”
“Stop being naive!  People are dying, Malcona!  You are failing!  I want my money—”
Malcona pressed the End Call icon.  She had listened to enough.  She switched applications and put Fay on Call Block.  Finally, she sent a text message to her, saying, “I’ll get you the money.  Leave me alone, so that I may do my job.”
Fay Wilson texted response was terse.  It read, “Do it fast.”
Malcona dropped the phone onto the table. Then, she placed her face in her hands and began to sob.  Things were spiraling out of control, and now she was scared.  Farley dying was not a good sign.
Reynolds, Payne and Wilson, the three ladies who owned RPW, were not particularly good friends.  They never had been.  The relationship had evolved from their respective husbands’ ownership in Remons Global.  This had forced the three women into frequent social business situations.  Prior to their deaths, Mssrs. Reynolds, Payne and Wilson had not been as dirty or as abusive as Karl Remons.  But, they had been cut from the same cloth as Karl Remons.
The spouses of Reynolds, Payne and Wilson all knew to some extent about their husbands’ dealings.  Each of the women rationalized it in their own respective minds as a means to an end.  Wealth doesn’t come without some kind of cost.  They knew it was essentially a zero sum game.  There was only so much money.  More for them meant less for others.
When their spouses died of suspicious causes, the women believed Remons was probably responsible.  Yet, the women did accept the Remons’ buyout and become wealthy from the deaths; each received $50 million from Karl Remons.
When Albert contacted them in 2009, the three women had gone their separate ways and were casual acquaintances at best.  They definitely weren’t friends.  After Albert’s initial contact, the not-so-close women argued behind the scenes about aligning to take over Remons Global.  To do so, each of them would be required to raise $66.6 million dollars in cash to buyout Karl Remons; $50 million to buy back their original shares and $16.6 million each to buyout Remons’ share.
Malcona Payne had been the driving force.  She wanted Remons Global substantially more than the other two widows.  Fay Wilson opposed the project.  She wanted nothing to do with the business or Karl Remons.  Reynolds was indifferent, so she mediated the discussions between Payne and Wilson.
The widows did not need the money.  They did not need the headache.  Nonetheless, Malcona's passion and motivated greed propelled the trio forward.  Ultimately, it became infectious.  Reynolds began to see revenge wrapped with big dollar signs.  Finally, Reynolds and Payne bullied Fay Wilson into the project.  She conceded defeat and the trio agreed to create RPW Corporation in their bid to take over Remons Global.
Their business charter was based on Malcona's commitment to make RPW a success, return each initial partners’ $66.6 million dollar investment within twelve months, and deliver dividends of at least five million dollars a year for the next five years.  After five years the business charter outlines assumed the net worth of the business would justify a sale.  RPW Corporation would sell out and then cease to exist.
As is usual in business situations, Malcona oversold her skills and ability.  She had no idea how to manage the new company.  
Reynolds and Wilson were furious.  Wilson was the spokesperson, but both of them wanted RPW dissolved.  They wanted to sell out to someone, now.  Anyone.  It didn’t matter to them.  They each wanted their $66.6 million dollars returned.  The experiment had failed, and they wanted their money.
Malcona sat in the backyard for another twenty minutes.  She couldn’t get her body to move.  Finally, she picked up her phone from the patio table, sighed at her life, and returned to her bedroom.  Then, she showered and got dressed for the day.  
Although she didn’t want to go to the office, the Oakland headquarters required her presence.  She was the sole officer with authority to sign the Monday morning payrolls and weekly financial reports, having taken that authority away from Bill several weeks earlier.
Stepping from the bathroom to the bedroom, Malcona gazed lovingly at the family photos on the wall.  She smiled at the photo of her and her late husband.  It was a candid snapshot that appeared to have been scripted.  They were outdoor dining in Malibu at sunset and the picture glowed with intensity.  She missed him dearly.  Misty eyed, she briefly looked at several photos of her children.  Both of them, a girl and a boy, were now grown.  They visited infrequently.
She shook away the reminiscing and pulled her phone out.  Locating Sam’s contact information, she sent a message saying, “I’ll be in the office at 11:00 AM.  Get the docs ready, please.”  
Malcona walked to the kitchen and prepared another cup of tea.  While it steeped, she called Albert.
When Albert answered, Malcona said, “Good morning, Albert.  I have a few things to say, and you aren’t going to like what they are.”
Albert had just returned to Teleport.  He groaned quietly.  This couldn’t be good.
“Hang on a second,” Albert said.  He poured a cup of coffee from the galley, and then settled into his leather chair.  “Okay, what’s up?”
Malcona sipped her tea, took a deep breath, and unloaded on Albert.  “We want to sell the company.  It’s too much work.  I’m too old for this.  Besides, the other women and I don’t need the money.”
Albert was shocked.  He hadn’t anticipated the RPW widows selling the company.  He knew they weren’t fully committed to the business; but selling?
“Okay,” he said.  “Then, why did you need me to come back to San Francisco?  I could have stayed in Mexico.”  
Albert’s blood pressure was rising as the words came from his mouth.  The voice inside his head was screaming, “I told you so!  Trust your gut!  Leave San Francisco this morning!”  
Malcona paused for a moment.  The she asked, “Did you hear about Rals Farley?”
“Yes, that’s really unfortunate.  But, it’s probably helpful for the negotiations.”
Malcona said, “Yes, it may be for the negotiations.  However, it reminded us, the RPW shareholders, of the personal risks we are taking.”
Albert said nothing.
She continued.  “I’m really sorry.  I guess it was a bad decision.  I thought maybe your arrival would suddenly fix things.  But, it won’t.  Fay has already been on my ass this morning.  Bill is a drunk and a horrible CEO.  I wake up every morning dreading the thought of what the disasters will confront me.  Now, people are dying.”
Albert was furious.  He had just spent the previous night risking his life to help RPW.  He had spent the past month calling in favors from friends, again, to help resolve Malcona’s problems.  Now, suddenly, she was done with the company.  No warning.  Just done.
“Fine,” Albert said curtly.  “I suggest selling out to Quinn.  Max has researched his background.  He’s a legitimate businessman.  It will be the easiest and quickest.  Quinn already holds the properties.  No sense getting other bids.  Just let him have it.”
“It doesn’t matter to us who buys it, Albert.  We just want our money back.  I have to return the original investments to Wilson and Reynolds.  Of course, I want my money back, too.”
“Of course you do,” Albert said in impolite tone.  Before Malcona could respond, Albert apologized.  “I’m sorry.  That was uncalled for.”
“It’s okay.  I deserved it.  Just get us out of this mess.”
Albert was thinking hard.  He needed to set the stage properly.  Something was going on between Bill and Quinn.  This couldn’t be good for his remaining friends still working for RPW Corporation, including Sam and the group back in Michigan.  As much as he wanted to follow the voice in his head, he worried about his friends.
Albert said, “You need to fire Bill this morning.  Are you going to the office?”
Malcona said, “Yes.  But listen.  I don’t care about Bill, or the daily dealings for that matter.  The new buyer can fire Bill.  Just get the company sold.”
Albert went silent.  He let the quiet void do the talking for him.
Malcona finally said, “Okay.  I’ll ask Sam to get him to the office.  Bill isn’t there too often on Mondays.”
Albert said, “Good.  I’ll keep you posted on my progress with Quinn.”  
Immediately after hanging up, Albert texted Bill a message.  He wanted to meet with Quinn later in the day to explore selling RPW.  Albert wanted Bill to arrange the meeting, and he wanted to play ignorant to Bill’s imminent termination as the CEO of RPW Corporation.
When Malcona hung up with Albert, she sent another text message to Sam.  It read, “I’m still on schedule for 11:00 AM.  Make sure Bill is there.  I want to meet with him.”
Then, she sent a message to Fay Wilson.  It said, “Albert will work on selling RPW Corporation.  Meet me at the Oakland headquarters at 10:30 AM.  I have a few things to discuss with you.”
Fay enthusiastically replied, “Perfect!  Malcona, you’re a gem.  Let’s get our lives back!”
Chapter 22
Quinn sat at the dining table.  While he precisely and deliberately carved the egg whites with his fork and knife, classical music played in the background.  He believed breakfast was the most important meal of the day.
Pete Quinn grew up in Miami, Florida.  He graduated from the University of Miami in 2006 with two concurrent bachelor’s degrees; one in corporate finance and one in hotel management.  After graduation, Quinn spent a year working within his mother’s property investment business in greater Miami region.  Then, with her funding and blessing, Pete relocated to San Francisco and established Quinn Properties in 2007.
Ostensibly, Quinn Properties was formed to expand his personal wealth by investing in commercial and industrial properties located along the western coast of the United States.  This was how Pete Quinn portrayed the company within the business community.
More factually, Quinn’s intent was to secretly manage a hostile takeover of Remons Global.
In 1999, Quinn, fifteen years old at the time, began studying Karl Remons and Remons Global.  His school research projects were predominantly focused on the rapid growth of Remons’ company.  When he moved to college, his obsession continued and his research went deeper.  
Quinn consumed every publicly available detail about the man behind Remons Global.  He also researched the members of Remons’ senior staff.  From the public information he gathered, Quinn dug deep into the private lives of anyone he found touched by Karl Remons. 
By 2004, Quinn had crafted a clear vision for the hostile takeover.  In 2005, while on summer break, Pete moved to downtown San Francisco for two months.  He spent the time wandering the Financial District and Pier Marina area.  
Covertly, he watched the comings and goings of Karl Remons.  After a few weeks, he identified Remons’ pattern.  Every four or five days, Remons would board his current ship at the time, The Karl Remons, and sail out of San Francisco Bay.  The ship would be gone for around twenty-four hours before returning to its berth near Pier Marina.
While Remons was offshore, Pete made two trips out to the extravagant Monterey estate.  He had studied the geographical maps before-hand, but only an on scene review would suffice for his plan.  During the second trip, Quinn located an easily accessible, but well hidden perch in the hillside above Remons estate.  
Carrying a small telescope, Pete lowered himself into the perch and surveyed the estate’s windows.  The location offered him a clear line of sight into Remons’ bedroom, as well as the dining room.  Satisfied, Pete exited his viewing location and returned to San Francisco.
His plan required an insider to help him.  Rals Farley was his initial target.  Farley was the financial details man for Remons.  Quinn knew the CFO controlled the real estate holdings and had wide discretionary authority within the company.
He turned his attention to Farley’s movements.  Farley was always aboard The Karl Remons, along with Remons himself, when it sailed offshore.  He had put together enough pieces to know Karl Remons was busy with some type of illegal activity.
Then, one day he realized Rebecca Edwards was also aboard for every sailing.  He didn’t know her by name at the time, but he knew she must be a pivotal part of the trips.
Quinn spent a full week studying her.  He learned she was a graduate of MIT and a technological genius.  She was young, having graduated only three years earlier.  Yet, she was the CIO of Remons Global.  The pieces were continuing to fall into place within his mind.
At the end of the summer, Quinn returned to Miami and finished his senior year at the University of Miami.  He continued studying Remons Global, but mostly he researched Rals Farley and Rebecca Edwards.
Rals Farley was a first generation college graduate.  His parents had long since died and he was an only child.  Farley was pushing sixty years old and had worked for Remons Global since 1993.  Prior to joining Remons Global, his career had been unremarkable.  He had held a dozen low level positions at a wide range of companies across Arizona, California and Nevada.  By all accounts, he had been fired or structurally eliminated at most of the jobs.  There were gaps in his employment record between several employers.
That was the puzzling part to Quinn.  A middle aged man with a dead end resume suddenly became Remons Global’s CFO in 1993.  It didn’t make any sense.  Farley had no family pedigree to land the job,  there were no other connections to Remons, and his career path certainly didn’t get him the job.  
Quinn researched more deeply and found a half dozen ethics complaints filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Farley was accused of insider trading and leaking confidential information about several of his former employers.
Farley was a wannabe rich man.  And, apparently he wasn’t afraid to skirt the law as necessary to meet his objectives.  Remons had hired Farley to do the dirty work.  It made sense.
Researching Rebecca Edwards, Quinn found she was exactly the opposite of Rals Farley.  She was an overachiever and a genius.  After graduating MIT in 2002,  Rebecca could have chosen a position anywhere in the world.  Yet, she picked Remons Global.
It wasn’t for money.  Her family appeared to be mid-upper class New Englanders.
It wasn’t for a high paying, easy job, either.  Certainly, Remons was paying her well.  But, she was working seven days a week, and was always on call to solve technology problems within the growing Remons Global.
There was something else she craved.  He began to see it more as his research continued.  She was an overachiever.  She wanted absolute power.
So, Quinn finalized his intended targets as Farley and Edwards.  Farley wanted wealth.  Edwards wanted power.  The combination would work perfectly for his needs.
In early 2007, Quinn flew his private jet, painted Quinn Azure, into the Oakland Airport.  This was the same airport where Remons Global kept its aircraft.  The jet was flamboyant.  It immediately attracted the attention of Remons Global’s staff.  And, this was his intent.
Within two weeks, a lower level Remons Global manager approached him one day at the airport.  Quinn would fly out for a day or two, and then return to Oakland.  The manager walked across the tarmac as Quinn exited the jet.  He introduced himself as a member of Remons’ security staff.  His job was to keep gawkers away from Remons’ personal jet.
Pete Quinn introduced himself and Quinn Properties.  He explained his company was investing heavily in West Coast industrial properties.  He was building a portfolio focused on long term buy/lease-back arrangements with Fortune 500 companies.
The manager nodded with seeming disinterest.  But, Quinn knew how Remons’ information network operated.  Information was power and Remons Global maintained databases on everything.  The manager would send in his report.  The details would be summarized in the daily reports.  Remons’ staff would sort through the information and pass it on to appropriate departments.
Rebecca Edwards, as CIO, organizationally reported to Farley.  Her staff processed the various bits of information received.  Rebecca had built algorithms to scan all emails, organizational reports, competitor research, etc.  The algorithm detected a few keywords from the manager’s report suggesting the information needed to be sent to Finance.  Subsequently, Farley read the brief report and called Rebecca.  He asked her staff to do some fact finding on Peter Quinn and Quinn Properties.
A month after the first encounter with Remons Global at the airport, Quinn purchased the 48th floor penthouse in San Francisco’s Financial District.  He paid 40% more than the asking price for the property, in exchange for certain concessions from the building’s cooperative members and majority owners.  
The first concession was in place within a week of the purchase.  The exterior of the building, around the 48th floor, was repainted a brilliant blue - Quinn Azure.
The second concession was renaming the 48th floor as the Quinn Floor and reprogramming the elevators.
Finally, the third concession was granted through the City of San Francisco.  Quinn was permitted for a blind-to-the-city reconstruction of the 48th floor.  His contractors were allowed to move in and out of the property without raising the ire of building code inspectors.
By early 2008, the global economy was showing signs of trouble.  Real estate appreciation was stalling, and the news was peppered with stories of a housing bubble.  Quinn gleefully watched the news every morning.  His studies of human behavior and businesses always near-sighted view of macro-economics told him it was time to strike.  Remons Global would be looking for fast opportunities to reduce risk and raise capital.
Quinn contacted an intermediary to make the first move.  The business broker sent an email to Rals Farley asking for a meeting with a cash flush industrial real estate buyer.  The meeting requested was to be in the highest confidence, as the client wanted to remain anonymous.
Farley took the bait.  He requested the secret buyer meet him at a small restaurant in San Jose that same evening.  The broker passed along the message, Quinn agreed, and the liaison was confirmed for 10:00 PM.
Quinn arrived an hour early and surveyed the restaurant grounds.  Farley didn’t appear to have an advance team to pre-check the location.  This was a good sign.
When Farley arrived, Quinn was the only patron in the restaurant.  He introduced himself, and the two men were seated in a secluded booth.  Farley feigned a need to visit the restroom and excused himself.  Once away from Quinn, he texted Rebecca Edwards and asked her to forward all research on Peter Quinn.  He then returned to the table.
Rebecca wasn’t as naive as her age suggested.  The text message had been unusual in its timing - it was late, as well as its content - Pete Quinn.  Therefore, Rebecca wanted to know the reason for his request.  She was at home, but always had computer access to Remons Global networks.
From her home office, she opened a built-by-her custom program that tracked every single phone and computer inside Remons Global.  Pulling up Farley’s phone, she traced it to the restaurant in San Jose.  San Jose was close to an hour drive from downtown San Francisco.  It was late for Farley.  He was definitely up to something.
Next, she activated a hidden bit of code inside of Farley’s phone.  Instantaneously, she was listening to Farley and Quinn inside the restaurant.  Rebecca recorded the conversation to her computer.
“-so, that’s why I’m here,” Pete Quinn said.
Farley said, “Why do you want to invest in real estate, now?  The market is sinking.  Values are going down.  It doesn’t make sense.”
“It’s simple, really,” Quinn said.  “Remons Global has the choicest industrial properties, and I want them as a batch.  Across the United States alone, I believe your company holds at least twenty-three separate sites.  I’m still researching and am guessing there may be more.”
He continued, “I would like to buy them all, and then establish a lease back arrangement with Remons Global.  It’s a win-win.  Quinn Properties has the capital resources to close this offer immediately.  It firmly establishes my reputation in the real estate world.  Remons Global gets a large, and I’m guessing soon-to-be-needed, cash infusion.”
Farley had searched for years to find a get-rich-quick scheme.  Now, he believed someone was handing it to him on the finest serving platter available.  He boldly asked, “What’s in it for me?  I control this decision.  No one else.”
Quinn had him!  
He replied, “You will be a silent partner in Quinn Properties.  Forty percent ownership.  In exchange, you will agree to sell the properties fully considering the negative market and declining real estate prices.  In addition, we will place protective covenants inside of the lease-back agreement.  You will overlook this clause during the final signing of the agreement.  At any time, Quinn Properties will be able to triple the lease rates on all properties.”
Farley nodded, but agreed to nothing.  He left soon thereafter, advising Quinn to contact him at his private number in three days.
The next morning, Rebecca passed Farley in one of the hallways at Remons Global.  She discreetly handed him a small piece of paper.  Scrawled on the paper, Rebecca had written, “Quinn.  Knowledge is power.  I will also be Silent.”
Quinn, Farley, and Edwards met secretly over the next month.  There were three meetings.  
In the first meeting, Farley explained to Quinn his reasoning for bringing Edwards into the alliance, attempting to save face in the relationship.  He shared how Rebecca had the ability to access any computer system in the world.  Her skills would help secure more thorough information than Quinn or Farley could get on their own.
The second meeting included a review of all of the contracts.  Quinn had drawn them up in advance.  The documents were extensive; more than two hundred legal sized pages.  For hours, the three partners went through the details.  Rebecca and Farley took notes and made requests for nine changes.  Quinn agreed and advised he would reprint the documents.
The final meeting was two days afterward.  Quinn had placed stickies on the nine changes.  Farley and Edwards diligently checked each change and confirmed each was accurate.  Subsequently, the documents were signed.
As 2008 drew near its end, Quinn Properties became a landlord and Remons Global became a renter.  
Quinn had cleared the first major hurdle in his vendetta against Karl Remons.


Chapter 23
Lying in the master stateroom bed, Rebecca groggily looked at the ceiling.  Eventually, she crawled from the bed and stumbled slowly to the elegant bathroom aboard The Owner.  Her remodeled bathroom had just been finished the previous week.  Rebecca had stripped the room to its structure and it now reflected an understated elegance more compliant to her personality. 
 Rebecca set the drain stopper in the large marble tub and opened the faucets.  As the tub filled, her mind drifted, and she thought about how much had changed in the twelve years since joining Remons Global.  
In 2002, Rebecca was nearing graduation with a master’s degree in Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  Her graduate thesis, “The Technology Cloud and Geopolitical Taxation: The New World of Business,” had just been published.  It had received critical acclaim in the academic community, but was largely unknown otherwise.
One day, she received an email from the Human Resources department at Remons Global.  Rebecca was offered an opportunity to interview for a ‘new position’ at the company.  Intrigued, she replied to the email and agreed to the interview.  
Within the hour, she received a second email requesting her to visit San Francisco the following day.  Stunned by the quick request, Rebecca excitedly agreed.  Her head was spinning.  She had worked hard at school and deserved a big break.  But, it seemed so sudden.  
A few hours later, she received a phone call.  The woman introduced herself as Karl Remons’ personal assistant.  The assistant advised that a driver would pick her up the following morning at precisely 7:00 AM.  She would be taken to Hanscom Field, an executive airport located twenty miles north of Boston.  Once at the airport, she would board Mr. Remons’ personal jet to be flown to San Francisco.
The expected flight time was around six hours.  Considering the three hour time zone change, she would arrive in San Francisco between 12:00 PM and 1:00 PM.  Another car would drive her to a downtown hotel and allow her some time to rest.  Her interview with Karl Remons was scheduled for 4:00 PM at his downtown office.
The next 48 hours was a blur for Rebecca.  She experienced opulence at a level well beyond her imagination.  The “interview” was really just a sales pitch by Karl Remons.  They spent the afternoon and evening in his office.  A five course meal was served as they overlooked downtown San Francisco.  She drank imported and obscenely expensive wine.  The dining was exquisite and the food exotic.
At the end of the evening, Karl Remons presented Rebecca with a handcrafted, snow white leather briefcase.  It was locked with an electronic device.  He then handed her his business card. 
He said, “If you want to work for me, open this case in the morning.  It is a timer-controlled lock and will not work before tomorrow.  If you do not want the job, do not open the briefcase.  Call my assistant and she will have someone pick it up before you leave the hotel.”
The following morning, Rebecca opened the briefcase.  Already hooked from the previous day with Karl Remons, the contents inside pushed aside any lingering too-good-to-be-true doubts.  
Each item in the briefcase had a numbered sticker attached to it.  The card on top only read, “Follow The Numbers.”
No. 1, the first item, was a large bundle of cash; $20,000 to be exact.  The note adhered to the bundle read, “It’s expensive to live in California.”
The No. 2 item was the title to a one bedroom condominium, located in a high rise in downtown San Francisco.  She scanned through the document.  It was to be transferred as a gift to Rebecca Edwards from Remons Global immediately upon her accepting the job.  There was no claw-back provision.  It was her’s free and clear immediately.
The next item, No. 3, was a set of keys to a new, white Mercedes SL500.  The note read, “It’s in the garage at the condo.”
No. 4 was a small box containing business cards.  She opened the box.  The cards read, “Rebecca Edwards - Chief Information Officer.”
The final item, No. 5, was a formal contract between her and Remons Global.  In addition to all of the other perquisites normally associated with a high profile position, she was to receive an annual salary of $450,000, a guaranteed annual bonus of $900,000, and, lastly, 1% of the company’s annual profits.
She had just finished reading the contract, when Karl Remons knocked on the door of her hotel suite…
From that day, Rebecca was in love with Karl.  They kept their relationship a secret, and she tolerated his infidelities with other women.  It was part of their power building strategy, at least that’s how she chose to look at the situation.  Deep down, she really knew Karl could love no one.  This helped her rationalize his behavior.
Rebecca had one sibling; her baby brother, James.  She was always looking out for his welfare.    Rebecca may have won the genetics lottery, but there’s always a loser in the game.  She loved her brother, regardless of his intelligence level.  Shortly after joining Remons Global, she had James move to San Francisco.  Thereafter, she got him a job within Remons Global.  When he died, she blamed herself.
On the morning of Karl’s death, Rebecca was at her home in the Sonoma Valley.  She heard the news on the television at the same time as millions of others.   The news destroyed her world.  James had just disappeared, and she presumed he was dead.  Now, the love of her life was gone.  Then, she learned about RPW Corporation’s buyout of Remons Global.  
She spent the day in a rage in front of her computer.  Before the day had ended, she had most of the pieces figured out.  That night, she vowed to avenge the deaths of Karl and James.  
Rebecca knew she would kill Albert Pabek.
Bringing her back to the present, Rebecca’s phone vibrated.  The water in the tub had neared the top and she closed the faucets.  Then, she looked at the phone on the vanity.  It was a message from her attendant, stating, “Per your request, I’m advising you of the time.  It is 9:00 AM.”
Rebecca bathed and dressed.  She returned to bedroom and climbed the private staircase to the upper deck.  It was just partially foggy.  But, as a precaution, Rebecca opened an umbrella to shield herself from any errant rays of sunlight that may pierce through the fog.  Then, she walked forward along the deck, but not with any real directional intent.  
She looked toward downtown and sneered at the building where Quinn’s penthouse was located.  She couldn't get away from him, even on The Owner.  She could vaguely see the unique color of blue painted along the roof line of the skyscraper in the morning haze and fog.  
In her paranoid brain she envisioned him sitting on the balcony with a pair of binoculars, staring down towards her even though it was at least two miles away.  The paranoia and anger toward him got the best of her, and she waved an obscene gesture at the skyscraper with the hope Quinn was watching her.
Rebecca reached the forward portion of the upper deck, found a seat in the shade, and motioned to her attendant.  
He walked over, and said, “Yes, Ms. Edwards?”
“Bring me some tomato juice and two poached eggs.  Also I would like a cup of coffee.”  She waved him away dismissively.  
The attendant nodded.  “Yes, Ms. Edwards.  Right away.”  
He scampered to the forward staircase and disappeared from view.
Rebecca picked up the computer tablet from the table.  She scrolled through the news stories of the morning and found the story she was looking for.  The news was reporting a hit-and-run death.  A local business man and avid motorcycle collector, Rals Farley, was found dead overnight in Berkley.  
Rebecca was still smiling as the attendant arrived with breakfast.  He placed the tray on the table beside her.
Bluntly, Rebecca said, “Tell Mummer I want to talk to him.”
“Yes, ma'am,” responded the attendant.
Rebecca sipped the tomato juice and ate one of the poached eggs.  As she picked up the coffee cup, she noticed Mummer coming up the forward staircase.  He walked over to Rebecca with a sheepish look on his face.
She glanced around the deck and made certain no one was within earshot.  Then, she whispered, “Good work last night.”
Surprised by the comment, Mummer said, “Ma'am?”
She frowned.  “Thank you for taking care of the problem.”
He raised his eyebrows, and said, “Ms. Edwards, I thought I was coming here for you to scold me.  I was unable to take care of the problem.”
Now also puzzled, she stared at him, but said nothing.
He whispered, “I received your message last night and was headed to the marina.  But my car broke down.  I ended up walking back to The Owner.  I didn't get back until just a couple of hours ago.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”  Then, she whispered, “Farley's dead.  It’s all over the news.”
Wide eyed, Mummer shook his head.  “It wasn't me.”
She leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes.  There was nothing else to say.  She lifted her hand and shooed him away.
Mummer shrugged and walked away.
Rebecca had lost her appetite.  Something didn't seem right.  She opened up the news on the tablet and searched for another version of the story.   A more detailed article was available.  She read it slowly.  Farley was only three blocks from the Berkley Marina.  The accident happened around 2:00 AM, based on pieces the police had put together.
She knew Farley’s habits; both good and bad.  They had worked together for years.  Farley had a drinking problem.  Now, she began to wonder if somehow fate had intervened for her benefit.  Was it possible that a drunk Farley sped through a red light and died in an avoidable accident, coincidentally on the same night she had wanted Mummer to kill him?
 She thought for several minutes, and then dismissed the coincidence.  
“There are no coincidences,” she said loudly.  
To Rebecca, coincidence was a word dumb people used to explain and rationalize the unexplainable.  No, someone else had killed Farley, and it wasn't her.  Her mind began thinking about what Albert had said the previous night.  He told her Quinn was working for RPW.  Was it really possible?
She wondered if Bill had killed Farley.  Maybe, he did it and would attempt to frame her?
As she sipped her coffee, Rebecca remembered what Karl had often told her.  
“Trust no one.  That includes me.  We are all selfish.  Only trust yourself.  Kill or be killed.”
Chapter 24
Quinn finished his breakfast and left the table.  The maid would clean up after him later in the day.  
He picked up the laptop from a nearby table and walked out on the balcony.  After sitting down, he began skimming the headlines.  A blurb titled, “Local Businessman Dies in Hit and Run” caught his attention.  He clicked on the headline and read the story.  
“Damn it!”
He repositioned the laptop screen to reduce glare from the morning sunlight.  Carefully, he reread the article.  
Looking north toward The Owner, as if she could hear him, he said, “Rebecca, I cannot believe you killed him.  I told you to be patient.”  
Then, a shiver shot through his spine.  
It was just last night she had mentioned the need for Farley to die.  Now, less than twelve hours later, he was already dead.  How could she move that quickly?  
Quinn had always known Karl Remons wasn’t the only psychopath within Remons Global.  But, he always compartmentalized Remons as the biggest evildoer of all.  He had viewed Remons’ closest associates as unwitting accomplices who felt they had no other choice for survival.  He had believed, with Remons gone, that the evil would move away from those individuals and their general sense of humanity would return.  
Obviously, he now realized that wasn't the case.  He picked up his phone and tapped out a message to Rebecca.  It said, “Read the news.  What happened to Farley?”
He put the phone back on the table and thought about Albert Pabek.  The visit last night was now settling deep into his mind.  What was Pabek trying to gain?  Was Rebecca really working for RPW Corporation and against him?  What about Bill?  Who could he trust?
“Trust no one!” Quinn screamed.  “I’m not going to jail, and I’m damn sure not going to be dead!”
He was a man alone, and it was now time to become the aggressor.  Quinn had not always been a passive, health focused person.  He left the balcony and walked to the secondary bedroom.  After opening the closet door, he slid the shelving unit away from the wall to reveal a large walk-in safe.
He typed in the first access code; there were two of them.  The first access code gave the appearance that the door was disarmed and unlocked.  He finished keying the code, and the display showed “Disarmed & Unlocked”.
Next, Quinn pressed the # sign three times and typed in a second access code.  He had designed this secondary access code system as the ultimate prevention system.  A burglar may be able to get through the first code.  But, they wouldn't be expecting a second code.  To the burglar, the “Disarmed & Unlocked” deceptively suggested success.  
The thief would then attempt to open the door.  Doing so would result in Quinn’s safety systems engaging.  The bedroom door would automatically close and lock.  The thief would be trapped inside.  There would be no alarms sent to the police.  Quinn would be notified by the alarm system via his phone.  From that point, he would personally deal with the intruder; in his own time, and in his own way.
Once Quinn entered the second access code, he heard the final solenoid retract.  He opened the door, stepped inside, and picked up two aluminum suitcases from an interior shelf.  After stepping out of the safe, he closed the door, rearmed the system, and repositioned the shelving unit.  Then, he took the suitcases to the dining room and placed them on the table.
Quinn popped the latches and opened the lid of the first case.  Inside was a disassembled rifle and forty rounds of ammunition.  The rifle was a Remington MSR.  MSR was short for Modular Sniper Rifle.  Only available to the military and law enforcement, Quinn had purchased the weapon from a close military acquaintance two months earlier.  Stolen from one of the military depots, he paid $30,000 for the weapon and a cache of high powered ammunition.  
Meticulously, he inventoried each component.  He knew all was in order, but just wanted to double check.  Satisfied, he closed and locked the lid.
Next, he opened the second case and checked the contents.    All was in order.  He closed and relocked the case.
Quinn picked up his phone and sent Bill a message.  It read, “Watch your back.  Farley’s dead.  Hit and run last night.”  
Quinn slipped the phone into his pocket, grabbed the aluminum cases, one in each hand, and headed for the elevator.
He placed the cases on the foyer floor and pressed the Down button.  Dutifully, the elevator computers prioritized his elevator call first and shortly thereafter the doors opened.  He picked up the cases, stepped inside the elevator, and placed them on the floor.  Then, he pressed the Lobby button.   
When the doors opened, Quinn pressed in his security code to disable the elevator.  It was another perk he held the rights to in the exclusive building.  He left the cases inside the elevator and walked a short distance to the concierge.
With frustration, Quinn said, “Renée, I need your help with an issue.  The codes for my elevator and the rooftop access need to be changed.  I want it done immediately.”
Renée nodded respectfully.  “Of course, Mr. Quinn.  I will get that taken care of this morning.”
“Thank you, Renée,” Quinn said.  He headed back to the elevator.  Once aboard, he pressed the Garage button.  No one else was in the elevator.  
He retrieved the phone from his pocket and scrolled through the contacts.  Locating the number he sought, he typed out a message.  
It read, “It is time to move forward.  Be certain she is aboard.  The Owner must depart no later than this afternoon.”
A moment later, Quinn received a text back.  The message read, “Yes, Mr. Quinn.  May I say - It’s about damn time!”
Chapter 25
It was a foggy Monday morning at Berkley Marina; foggy in the sky and foggy in Bill's head.  
Bill stumbled to his feet from the port side salon berth, wobbled to the galley, and fumbled with a coffee can.  After inserting a filter in the basket and adding three scoops of ground coffee, he poured in the water and pressed the start button.
The light pouring in the companionway made Bill’s eyes squint.  He looked at the wall clock.  It indicated 4:11.  Even in Bill’s hungover condition, he knew it wasn’t late afternoon, and it definitely wasn’t four o’clock in the morning.
Bill pulled the clock off the wall.  The second hand wasn’t moving.  The battery had died.  He tossed the clock out the companionway and across the cockpit.  It landed with a splash in the water behind the boat.
The coffee finished brewing.  Bill searched around for the cleanest dirty cup he could find and poured it full of the hot liquid.  Clutching the cup with both hands, he carried it toward the companionway.  
Climbing the stairs, Bill noticed his mobile phone resting precariously on the bitter end of the stern, just ready to fall in the water with one slight bobble of the boat.  He reasoned that he had dropped it last night, and, at least for the moment, luck had prevented it from falling in the water.  Bill stepped gingerly into the cockpit and placed the coffee cup on the port side bench.  He reached down, picked up the phone and looked at the time: 9:17 AM.  
He rubbed his eyes and grimaced.  Malcona would probably be in the office before him, should he decide to go to work today.  The thought of seeing her was infuriating.
Bill sat down in the floor of the cockpit and leaned against the helm.  He scrolled through the unopened emails.  There were more than thirty messages urgently demanding his immediate attention.
Cursing the phone, he said aloud, “Blah, blah, blah!  Everyone is so full of shit!  All busy wasting words.  Every person just trying to outwit the other.  Who cares?  Not me; that's for sure!”
Bill switched apps and scrolled through his text messages.  There were a couple of business related texts, another text from one of his debt collectors, a message from Quinn, and a message from Albert. 
He opened Quinn's message first.  The news of Farley’s death wasn’t surprising, considering the condition he was in the previous night.  Bill started laughing.  Looking at Farley’s boat in the adjacent slip, as if it were Farley himself, Bill said, “You dumbass, Rals.  I told you, ‘don’t drink and drive.’  Guess you should have listened to me.” 
He gazed back at the phone and opened the message from Albert.  
Albert’s message read, "Bill, a new development on the news.  Hit and run driver killed Farley last night.  Might be a lucky break for us, as it could slow down Quinn Properties for a few weeks."
Bill smiled.  He climbed up on the bench and took a sip of coffee.  Reading the message again,  Bill looked toward downtown San Francisco.  He said, “Albert you are putz.  It will slow down Quinn Properties, but it definitely will speed up Cobalt Industries.”
There was a second message from Albert.  It read, “Let's meet with Quinn today.  Just you and me.  Don't say anything to Malcona."
Bill laughed, and said, “You aren’t getting a cut of my business; not this time.  Your destination is prison.”
He pondered his response for a few minutes, sipped some more coffee, and then typed out a response.  It read, “Just heard about Farley.  Let’s meet at Veronica’s coffee shop.  12:00 PM okay?”
A moment later, Albert replied.  “Sure.  See you then.  Will you talk to Quinn?”
Bill chuckled.  This was going to be easier than he had anticipated.  He texted back, “Yes, I’ll arrange with Quinn.”  
Bill pecked out a message to Quinn.  It read, “Pabek wants to talk to me and you, without Malcona or Rebecca.  Dad’s Coffee & More on Pier Marina.  12 PM.  Work for you?”
Quinn replied immediately.  “Fine.  Does he suspect anything?  I’ll be there.”
Bill responded, “He trusts me.  No worries.  Cobalt Industries will soon be a wealthy legitimate company.”
Switching apps, Bill scrolled to Sam Halsop’s contact information and pressed the Call Now icon.  
Sam was sitting at his desk with the chair facing the window overlooking the factory floor.  Even today, he was still impressed with the daily happenings in the plant previously known as Remons Global - Plant 1.  
Now, it was the showcase manufacturing location for RPW Corporation.  The plant was running at almost full capacity; twenty-four hours a day and seven days per week.  The plant produced complex assemblies used by aviation, aerospace, automotive, and industrial machinery manufacturers around the world.  The global economy was banging along on all cylinders.
Sam spun the chair around and returned to the pile of financial report strewn across his desk, along with the trio of computer monitors providing real time information on manufacturing performance.  The numbers were disheartening.  Costs were out of line with the budget.
Most concerning to Sam was the overall profitability of the facility.  Within the past three months, Malcona Payne had conceded huge price concessions to the customers.  The economy was in an up cycle, and RPW had pricing power.  Sam knew the industries well and had been shocked when Malcona essentially gave away most of the company’s margins to the customers.
Sam heard the phone ring and reached for the answer button.  The display on the phone identified “Bill-Mobile” as the caller.  After pressing the speakerphone button, he said, “Hi Bill.  Glad you called.  I’ve been wanting to talk to you."
“Sam!  I called you.  I’m the CEO.  I don’t have time to listen to your problems.  There’s a few things I need to do today.  If I come to the office, it won’t be until late afternoon.  But, don’t be expecting me.”
Sam wasn’t surprised.  Bill skipped work on most Mondays.  
He replied, “Whatever.  You’re the boss.  But, she will be here soon.  Besides, we really need to talk.  Something’s got to change.  The plant is running at full capacity, and we still aren’t generating enough contribution to cover the overhead.  We have to renegotiate pricing with our customers.  And, we have to do it fast.  This is crazy.  The economic power is in our favor.  Time is of the essence."
"Sam, I hear what you're saying.  But, it’s not our decision.  Malcona has already given away our margins.  What the hell do you want me to do?"
"I don't know!  But you have to do something.  She’s going to be here at 11:00 AM.  I think you should come in and talk to her.  You know she will be looking for you.  I’ve already talked with her twice this morning.  She’s wound up like every other Monday.  Please don’t make me have to tell her you aren’t here."
The volume of Bill’s voice increased by ten or fifteen decibels.  “You listen to me! I can't do anything!"
Bill hung up on Sam.  He didn't want to listen to Sam's whining so early in the morning.  He certainly didn’t care to see Malcona.  If she was in the office, he didn’t want to show up at all.  
Bill drank the remaining coffee, leaned back, and closed his eyes.  He dozed off momentarily, at least that’s what he thought.  Opening his eyes, Bill squinted to look at the time on the phone.  It was 10:10 AM.  He’d been asleep for a good while.
Rubbing his eyes again, he realized Sam was right.  If he didn’t show up for work today, Malcona would lecture him for another week.
Bill tossed the phone down the companionway.  It fell to the salon floor.  Fortunately, this time, the protective case kept the phone functionally intact.  Bill had a tendency to break several phones each month.  The phones usually broke when they crashed into solid objects at high speed.
Bill pulled himself to his feet and climbed down the companionway stairs.  He crawled underneath the salon table to find the phone.  Standing up, he almost fell over from the hangover pounding in his head.  He dropped the phone on the small galley countertop and walked to the head.
After showering, shaving and dressing, he returned to the galley and picked up the phone.  Scrolling through the contacts, Bill found Elizabeth’s contact information and pressed the Call Now icon.
As the phone was ringing, Bill said to himself, “Time to get to work, Liz.”
Chapter 26
“I’ll get it done, Veronica!  Quit nagging.”  Talking on the phone with her sister, Elizabeth rolled her eyes and stared out the apartment window.  “You worry too much.  Gotta go.”
Elizabeth pressed the End Call icon on her phone.  She silently cursed having answered the call.  The sisters had agreed to open a second Dad’s Coffee & More location in the Financial District.  But, as each day of construction passed, their views on how it should be done widened.
She grabbed her purse, turned off the lights, and headed for the front door.  She stepped out of the apartment shared with her sister, pulled the door closed, and locked the deadbolt.  It was creeping up on 9:30 AM.  Veronica had left five hours earlier.  Each morning, her sister rose well before the sun and quietly left the apartment by 4:30 AM.  It irritated Elizabeth how chipper and upbeat Veronica was every day.
Elizabeth made her way down the stairs and reached the street level.  She walked through the lobby security door and stepped down onto the sidewalk on Lombard Avenue.  Sometimes she walked the distance to the new coffee shop; it was less than two miles.  This morning, she decided to catch a cab.
Stepping to the street, she waved at a passing Yellow Cab.  It darted in front of a car and pulled to the curb.  Elizabeth opened the door, slid into the seat, and shut the door.  Uninterested in casual conversation, she bluntly said, “Battery and California.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
The driver headed east on Lombard and turned right onto Powell upon reaching the intersection.  At Columbus Ave, the taxi turned left and drove for about a mile.  At the Washington and Montgomery intersection, he continued south on Montgomery until reaching California Street.  At California, he turned left.
As they got closer to the Financial District, the buildings turned more opulent and the pedestrians transitioned from wearing raggedy clothing to professional attire.  Elizabeth wasn’t dressed like a business executive.  She was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt.  The coffee shop was not yet open to the public yet.  Therefore, it wasn’t necessary to dress for non-existent customers. 
When the car was approaching Battery, Elizabeth said, “Pull over here.”
The driver pulled to the curb.  Elizabeth passed the driver a twenty dollar bill.  “Keep it.”
She exited the cab and stepped up onto the sidewalk.  A street vendor was selling coffee on the corner.  Walking up to the vendor, Elizabeth said, “Black. Large."
The street vendor poured the coffee and said, “Mornin’ Elizabeth.”
“If you say so,” Elizabeth said dismissively.  It irritated her that every day he said the same thing.  Mundane, superficial commentary really irked her, especially in the morning.
She handed the vendor a five dollar bill, took the coffee from the counter, and walked away without saying anything else.  Finding a nearby bench, she sat down.  The construction crew would not arrive for another five or ten minutes.
She watched as the cars jostled their way through the busy intersection.  It was rush hour and everything was moving slowly.  Gazing across the traffic she could see the new coffee shop storefront located.  It was positioned on the ground floor of one of the district’s high rise buildings.  Jealousy poured into her heart as she gazed upward at the professional offices in the floors above her store.
Elizabeth exhaled and frowned.  She thought to herself, “I used to be on the top.  Now everyone stands on my head.  What the hell happened?”
The lighted sign had been installed the previous day.  It glowed this morning from the backlit panels.  It read, “Dad’s Coffee & More - Downtown Edition”.  Elizabeth had wanted to call it the “Downtown Bistro”, but Veronica insisted on “Downtown Edition”.
Hanging below the permanent sign was a large banner.  Tied at all four corners to keep it from flapping too much in the breeze, it read, “Grand Opening October 1, 2013 - San Francisco's most well-known morning Coffee House”.
Elizabeth sighed, again, as she looked at the sign.  She knew that the store was an accomplishment.  She should be proud.  But she was not.  She was bored.  Spending early morning hours serving adults caffeinated beverages felt beneath her.  
Three months earlier, when she turned down Bill Shefford’s offer to be his assistant at RPW, Elizabeth really believed she could enjoy the simple life.  How wrong she had been.  Elizabeth missed the power and control she had held at Remons Global.  For certain, she did not miss Karl Remons.  But, she missed the money fueled, ego stroking autonomy of her previous role.  
Elizabeth spotted the construction crew arriving for the day.  Again, she sighed.  Then, she stood up and proceeded through the crosswalk.  Three contractors stood outside the door waiting for her to unlock it.  She said nothing; only walking to the door, unlocking it, disarming the security system, and turning on the lights.  The contractors knew by this point not to talk to her.  Generally, they waited until twelve o'clock to ask her questions or get any input on the construction.  Questions asked too early usually received only a grunting response and a dismissive wave.
The construction crew resumed their activities from the previous day.  Elizabeth walked to her office.  She turned on the light and closed the door.  The office had been completed two weeks earlier.  It had been her first priority during the construction.  She sat down in the imported leather office chair.  As she leaned back, Elizabeth reached for the remote control to the television.  She turned it on and keyed in the national business news channel.  Closing her eyes, she thought about Veronica's disappointment with her a few weeks earlier.
Before construction started, the sisters had approved the plans for the coffee shop.  Within the designs there was no private office space.  Veronica didn’t believe an office was needed.  It was a coffee shop, not a business center.  
Elizabeth had disagreed.  Without Veronica's knowledge, she had redrawn the plans with the construction crew.  In doing so, Elizabeth had reallocated two hundred square feet of floor space for the office.  Exacerbating the situation, it wasn’t located in a dark corner of the leased space.  It was positioned alongside Battery Street and featured floor to ceiling windows.  
Veronica had envisioned that particular space as a casual seating area; a gathering spot where patrons could watch people walk by on the sidewalk.  Likewise people outside the windows would see the people inside laughing and enjoying the relaxing atmosphere.  She believed this would be a strong marketing tool to build the Dad’s Coffee & More brand.
Elizabeth, on the other hand, viewed it as a waste of space.  She wanted people to come in, get their coffee, spend their money, and get the hell out.  She took the space as her office.  Elizabeth had no intention of working the front counter.  She was the owner; not a waitress.
As soon as construction started, she directed the crew to finish the office first.  Now, she stayed hidden behind the windowless door all day.  She only came out to speak with the construction workers about their poor quality or slow progress.
Elizabeth turned on the computer and scanned her incoming mailbox.  This morning, she had a grand total of three emails.
“How bored can I get today?” she muttered at the computer.
In the past, Elizabeth would arrive at work to hundreds of emails greeting her each day.  On a constant basis, she would make life-and-death and financial decisions for Remons Global.  Now her value had been diminished to three emails.
The first email was from her bank.  They wanted her to open a high interest savings account.  In exchange for doing so, she had the opportunity to receive an extra .25% of interest annually.  
She stopped reading quickly, deleted the message, and mouthed at the screen, “Jackasses.”
The second email was offering prescription drugs from Canada at half the price of United States pharmacies.  She hit delete.  The third email was likewise another unsolicited piece of junk.  Elizabeth deleted it.
She sipped the coffee and looked at the television.  The stock ticker was scrolling across the bottom of the screen, and the headlines were scrolling up the right side of the screen.  She had the television on mute, absentmindedly reading the scrolling headlines.  The market was trending nowhere for the day.
Her phone vibrated on the desk.  Elizabeth picked it up and read the caller details on the display.  It was Bill Shefford.
She pressed the Answer Call icon and placed the phone to her ear.  “Hey, Bill.  It’s been a long time.  We used to talk every day.”
“Hey, Liz.  Sorry it's been a while since we talked.  I've been tied up trying to keep RPW in the black.  It’s been taking up way too much time.  Frankly, it’s becoming a big pain in the ass.”
"I thought you were happy with RPW?"
"Really? I thought you knew me better than that.  We both know that Remons was a horrible person and a horrible boss.  However, you know - we are both set in our ways.  It’s not the same company.  There’s no thrill.  Just bureaucracy."
Elizabeth said, “I’m sorry to hear that.  Hopefully, it will get better.”
Bill changed the subject.  “Did you hear about Rals Farley?”
“No.”
“Hit and run last night.  He’s dead.”
Elizabeth gasped.  She had been around corruption and power long enough, and knew it wasn’t a random accident.
Bill said, “Yep, don’t know who, but it’s not a good sign.”
Elizabeth and Bill had known each other since 2005.  They had worked closely together from the time Bill had moved to Oakland in 2008.  Unwittingly or not, each of them had had the responsibility of protecting their boss, Karl Remons.  In the process of doing so, Bill and Elizabeth had broken the law on many occasions.  It was a secret neither of them wanted shared with other people in their lives, or the authorities for that matter.  
For years, Bill had embezzled millions of dollars from Remons Global.  This had required Elizabeth’s assistance.  Early on, Elizabeth naively helped Bill; always hoping for his affections.  Along the way, she became accustomed to the thrill of taking the money, as well as the luxuries only offered by a readily available cash resource.
Elizabeth maintained several bank accounts that she kept a secret from Veronica.  Even to this day, Veronica had no idea that her sister had $4.7 million tucked away in private accounts.
Elizabeth said, “I’m sorry about Rals.  It’s unfortunate.”  She was realizing there was a point to Bill’s call.  He needed something.  She asked, “What is that you want?”
"It's really simple. We are both dirty, and I'm not happy working for RPW.  I should be the owner of this company, and it damn sure should not be called RPW Corporation.  Malcona Payne and her widow friends have no business owning my business."
“Life is unfair.  We both know that.  Not anything I can do about that." Elizabeth said bluntly.
“Yes, you can.  We are going to take control of RPW.  Soon it will be called Shefford International.”
Elizabeth exhaled loudly into the phone.  “Bill… Listen… I'm out.  I don't want to have anything to do with any more dirty dealings."
“Liz, I hear you, but it doesn't matter.  You are going to help me.  Once in, means never out.  You know that.”
"No!  I am not helping you!"
Bill was silent for a moment.  Then, he quietly said, “Yes.  You will help me.  You know I can destroy you; both your livelihood and your life."
“Please, Bill.  Don’t do this.”
Bill said, “I’m sorry.  But you have to help me.  It’s just the way life works.”
He changed the subject.  “So, now that it’s settled, let me tell you what we are doing.  I’m meeting Albert at noon today.  I want you to be at the meeting.  It’s time for you to make friends with Albert.”
“I’m already friends with Albert.  What is his involvement in all of this?”
Bill said, “We are going to take the company away from RPW.  Albert is going to try to fight me when he figures it out.  I don’t want him to find out too soon as to what we are doing.  You are going to help me keep him under control.” 
Elizabeth said, “I really don't understand why you want the company so bad.  I know how much money you have.  Isn’t it enough?”
“This isn’t about money!  It’s about what I deserve.  I built this company.  It’s mine.”
Elizabeth softened a little.  She knew there was some truth to his logic.  “Fine.  I’ll help you today.  But, that’s it.  Where are you meeting Albert?”
“It will be for more than today.  Don’t doubt about that.”  Then, Bill answered her question.  “At Veronica’s…  I mean, at your coffee shop on the pier.”
“Okay.  What time?”
“Be there no later than 11:45.  My meeting is at noon.  You can be there as a coincidence.  It is your store, after all.”
“See you then, Bill,” Elizabeth said.  “I need to go.”
She pressed the End Call icon and leaned back in the chair.  Elizabeth looked at the clock.  It was 10:20 AM.  She was bored and decided to immediately leave for Pier Marina.
After stepping out of the office, Elizabeth locked the door behind her.  She walked into the middle of the construction and looked around the large room.
“Dad’s Coffee & More - Downtown Edition,” she said aloud.  “What has my life come to?”
Elizabeth couldn’t ignore how bored she had become.  Even though she was pouring every effort into the new coffee shop, she found no joy in the venture.  She had always envied her sister's entrepreneurial spirit.  Yet, as hard as she tried, Elizabeth found it rather mundane.  
She had played it cool with Bill.  Elizabeth really longed for the days filled with the excitement experienced at Remons Global.  Every day had been a surprise; filled with new situations and interesting people.
Elizabeth walked out of the store after telling the foreman, “Hurry up.  Your crew isn’t working hard enough.  I’ll be back later today and expect significant progress!”
Chapter 27
Roland Caltoan gripped the butt of the fishing rod.  He drew it behind him and cast the artificial lure into the water behind the boat.  He was standing atop the flybridge of a Mainship 340 Trawler.  The trawler was floating in seawater.  Forty-five feet below the keel was the seabed of San Francisco Bay.
 The captain fast-cranked the reel and drew the line back to the rod.  He was twitching the rod from side to side as he did so.  The artificial lure cleared the water without attracting any prey.  Roland repeated the previous action of drawing the rod behind his back, its fiberglass strands arcing from the inertia, and then rapidly reversing as he aimed the rod toward the water.  Again, the lure sailed about thirty yards behind the boat.  
This time, Roland allowed the lure to sink deep into the water.  He did not reel the line back and instead allowed it to go slack.  Roland eased back into his padded flybridge seat.  He placed the rod in the rod holder and picked up a pair of binoculars. 
Roland had lied to his former childhood friend, Bill Shefford.  At least it was a partial lie.  He had been piloting container ships between the Caribbean and Miami.  That was, until Albert called to share discouraging news about RPW Corporation and particularly Bill.  
Albert had a temper.  He came about it naturally.  It ran in the family on his mother’s side.  Roland’s outrage quickly surpassed Albert.
At the time of Albert’s call, Roland was in the deep southern Caribbean.  He had just delivered a load of frozen beef to Curacao and was headed for Aruba, where he was delivering five containers filled with small two wheeled scooters.  It was big business for the local tourism operators.  Visitors rented them to ride around the island.  The rental bikes were essentially disposable; retired from service within a couple of years.  The visitors abused the bikes, and the tourism operators did very little maintenance.
After unloading the last of the containers, Roland had motored at full speed back to Miami.  During the return to the United States, he had called the captaining service for which he worked.  Roland advised he had to handle some personal issues and would be unavailable for any further assignments until November.
Upon arriving in the Port of Miami, Roland docked the ship, finished up his paperwork with U.S. Customs, and hopped a plane to Los Angeles.  He had already arranged a month’s charter of the Mainship 340 trawler he now was enjoying.  With a U.S. Captains 100 Ton License and being of retirement age, it was an easy negotiation.  The trawler was owned by an older couple that lived in Phoenix.  They normally spent summers motoring the West Coast as a way to avoid the crazy heat in Arizona.  To pay for the upkeep, the couple periodically chartered the trawler.
Roland’s story on the charter application indicated he was a retired captain.  He was desiring the rental to spend a month in Acapulco, Mexico.  An avid fisherman, Roland had suggested it was to be a good fall fishing season.  On September 12, Roland arrived in Alamitos Bay and signed out the trawler.  The next morning, he walked around the marina, located the grocery store near the Pacific Coast highway, the ‘One’ as locals called it, and fully stocked the ship’s galley.
Next, he headed to the local marine products store.  Convenient for the local boat owners, a national chain operated a large, two story store in the marina.  Roland purchased an assortment of fishing rods, tackle for different types of fish, and several large spools of rope.  He also bought three knifes; one for fish cleaning and two for other purposes.
He also purchased a pair of binoculars, two handheld VHF radios, two handheld GPS units, six small two-pound anchors, and one large Danforth anchor suitable for holding up to a 4,000 pound boat in position.
Finally, Roland purchased two blow molded fishing kayaks, as well as the necessary propulsion devices - double ended oars.
The total came to $3,412.42.  Roland paid with cash.  He convinced the store employee to help him carry the goods to the trawler.  By the time everything was loaded aboard and properly stowed, darkness had approached.  Roland took command of the galley and prepared a large pot of soup.  He would drink it during the journey, should the seas be too rough to cook.  Then, he grilled a large steak for dinner and settled into the aft seating area for a quiet meal.
Around 2:00 AM the next morning, Roland fired up the engines, tossed off the dock lines, and motored out of Alamitos Bay.  Once he cleared the breakwater, Roland pointed the trawler north for his destination in San Francisco.  Roland motored throughout the day.  He reached San Francisco at dusk and drifted around offshore until darkness fully engulfed the Bay Area.
After midnight, he motored under the Golden Gate Bridge and headed deep into the Bay.  He set the GPS for Oakland and moved slowly across the Bay.  Roland docked the trawler in a guest slip at Oakland Marina two hours later.  He was met by the night watchman responsible for kicking vagrant sailors off the docks.  
Roland identified himself as Roger Smith, a retiree from the Midwest now enjoying life.  He paid for a night’s berth, said goodnight to the watchman, and retired to the comfortable berth.
He drifted off to sleep thinking about Roger Smith.  Smith had been the Chairman and CEO of General Motors from 1981 to 1990.  It had been one of many dark periods of the industry giant.  During his tenure, Smith displaced tens of thousands of GM employees from their presumed lifetime carers at GM.
Roland slept late into the next day.  The trip up from Los Angeles had been rough riding.  The seas were in transition.  After waking, he texted Albert a message.  It read, “Berthed in Oakland.  Let’s get this finished.”
Two weeks passed while Roland awaited Albert’s return to San Francisco.  He spent most days fishing around the Bay.  He would motor around Berkley Marina, take notes and send pictures to Albert, Lawrence, and Max.  He learned Bill’s habits when arriving and departing the marina.  He took notes on how long he stayed, what he did after arriving, and who came to visit.
Now, in fishing gear, a wide brim hat, and sunglasses, Roland was secretly watching Bill unsteadily move around the sailboat.  He was clearly hungover.  Roland was still furious with his old friend.  Bill had traded their lifetime friendship for money and power.  It was unacceptable.  And, unforgivable.
Even before Albert was fired from Plant 37 of Remons Global in 2008, Roland had contacted Bill to solicit help for Albert’s then idle dream of destroying Karl Remons.  Roland and Bill had grown up together in Michigan.  They had always been close friends, but, in the recent years, had talked less frequently.  There was some risk in educating Bill about Albert’s grand scheme.  Roland and Albert had discussed the risk for a few months before contacting Bill.
In the end, Roland convinced Albert that Bill could be trusted.  They needed Bill’s help to destroy Remons Global.  Roland, Albert and Bill met periodically in Michigan.  Bill was often flying to the state in order to manage various Remons Global problems.  It was an easy way to disguise their planned attack on Remons.  Bill still owned his parent’s house and would stay there during his visits.  Albert and Roland would secretly meet him at the Shefford family home.  
In 2008, during one of Bill’s visits to Michigan, Roland and Albert introduced Sam Halsop.  It was just after that meeting when Albert, Lawrence, and Sam were fired from Plant 37.  Bill needed a plant manager for the soon to open Plant 1 in Oakland, California, so the timing was perfect.  Bill hired Sam as the plant manager and moved him to Oakland.
This had been one of Bill’s easier tasks.  He had full authority for Plant 1.  By 2008, Remons was heavily distracted with meeting the never-ending demands of his international business partners.  
During Bill’s trips to Michigan, he provided many details about Remons Global and Karl Remons.  Bill had access to almost everything inside the company and he did an exceptional job of copying files.  In one of the information sharing sessions, Bill mentioned that Remons had commissioned designs for replacement of his then current yacht, The Karl Remons.  Bill had seen some of the sketches.  It was going to be a monster of a ship requiring four years to design and construct.  
This news sparked an idea for Roland.  It was a long shot, but nonetheless it was a brilliant thought.  He asked Bill if the present captain would move to the new ship.  Bill didn’t think so.  He believed Remons was looking for a new captain.  He was sending The Karl Remons to Asia.  The captain would likely go with the ship.
Carefully and slowly, Bill began making suggestions to Remons regarding the captain selection for his new ship.  It took months to sprinkle the ideas around the garden in Remons’ brain.  The decision must be Remons, otherwise it wouldn’t work.  Bill would suggest the captain needed to oversee construction in Europe.  Other times, he would suggest licensed captains, a requirement for Remons’ ship, were highly ethical people.  It could risk Remons’ operations, were a fully law abiding captain to be chosen.  
Then, one day, he mentioned reading about a captain in the news on the Great Lakes.  The captain, Roland Caltoan, had been accused by a deckhand of transporting drugs aboard one of the freighters he piloted.  
He had laughed to Remons while telling the story.  “He firmly denies the accusation and believes his good name will be cleared in the investigation.” Then, he had added.  “Mr. Remons, where there’s smoke, someone has a joint in their hand.”
That was all it took.  Remons had said to Bill, “Get a lawyer to protect him.  Buy him off.  I want him to captain my new ship.”

Chapter 28
It was 10:32 AM.
Aboard Teleport, Albert felt more at ease. He was home. 
He gazed at the pictures attached to the bridge ceiling.  One of the pictures was of Albert and his dad, Frank Pabek, asleep in the cockpit of the family sailboat, Paradise Winds. Betty Pabek, Albert's mom, had snapped the picture one late summer afternoon following a family sail.
On most summer weekends, the Pabek family would leave the Marina and sail across Lake St. Clair.  The summer breezes would pick up in the early afternoon.  That was when the fun began.  Frank and Albert would push each other, along with Paradise Winds, to the brink of disaster.  
Betty trusted her husband and her son to keep them safe onboard.  But, she didn't particularly enjoy the competitive nature of the men’s sailing.  Once Paradise Winds was in a constant heeling position, she would retire to the cabin and climb into the aft berth with a good book.  She would read or nap for a couple of hours; the aft berth being the most comfortable spot to ride out Paradise Winds beating to weather.
After a few hours of hard sailing, Frank and Albert, all adrenaline charged, would drop the sails, along with the anchor.  One of them would grab a couple of beers from the icebox, and the Pabek men would each stretch out on the opposing cockpit lazarette benches.
Usually fifteen minutes later, they would drift off into a quick twenty or thirty minute nap.  Betty would climb out of the aft berth, refreshed from her own nap, only to usually find the men asleep.  There were a dozen pictures like the one Albert was now admiring.  Betty particularly enjoyed taking pictures of the wind-burned men in various stages of sleep in the cockpit.
Albert glanced at the picture one last time and then picked up the backpack.  He climbed down the forward companionway stairs and walked across the salon, placing the bag on the galley countertop.  Then, he stepped back to the salon and sat down in the leather chair, placed his feet up on the ottoman, and picked up the tablet from the bookcase. 
Albert pressed the icon for Teleport’s weather computer aboard Teleport.  He scrolled through the weather conditions.  Today, Albert intended to sail Teleport across the bay to the eastern shore.  The last time he was in San Francisco, Albert had been too busy to explore San Francisco Bay.  This time around, he hoped to see more of the area.
His intention was to sail to Oakland.  While on the other side of the bay, he also wanted to invite Sam for an evening sail.  Regardless of his destination, Albert needed a firm sail plan.
At present, the air temperature was 68 degrees and the winds were blowing from the west-northwest at 10 to 12 knots.  The barometric pressure was declining which suggested to Albert the cloudy conditions may persist, and possibly lighter winds could follow.  Albert noticed the water temperature was 54 degrees.  “Too cold for a swim,” he thought.  He missed the warm waters of Cabo San Lucas.  
Albert closed the weather monitoring page and pulled up the National Weather Service website.  He wanted to know the hourly wind and temperature forecasts.  He located the weather forecast for San Francisco Bay.  Based on the charts, it looked like modest winds would continue from the west through the evening.  By 5:00 PM, the forecast suggested winds would drop to the 4 to 6 knot range.
Albert closed the application and switched to his navigation mapping software.  The application asked him if he wished to set his current location as his present position.  He clicked the Yes icon.  Next, Albert selected Oakland Marina as his intended destination.  Albert had custom-designed portions of the software to suit his particular preferences onboard Teleport.  The software asked his intended propulsion method: sailing, motoring, or some combination of both.  Albert chose the Sail only option.  The software asked his intended departure time.  Albert keyed in 1:00 PM.  
What happened next never ceased to amaze him.  He had installed four independent computer systems to support Teleport’s needs.  Teleport was fully functional with just two of the computers, and in a real jam she could operate on a limited basis with only one.  The double redundancy systems were custom built.  Max was the technological genius behind Teleport.  
Albert watched as the computer went through its paces. A list of processes popped up on the screen and showed the status as Teleport’s brain developed a sail plan.
First, the computer outlined the direct distance from Pier Marina to Oakland Marina.  Oakland Marina was located near Alameda, and offered a good parking area for Sam to leave his car.  The unadjusted travel time and distance indicated 9.6 nautical miles and a motoring time of one hour and twenty-one minutes, with an assumed cruising speed of 7.2 knots per hour.  These data points were in and of themselves not impressive.  Any GPS could tabulate this type of detail.
Impressive was what happened next.
Second, the program took in multiple weather forecasts from the National Weather Service and privately available weather services.  The program compiled all of the data into a predictability model.
Third, the program asked Albert if he would be sailing manually, or if he would be allowing the onboard autopilot to do all of the work.  This is an important step, because Teleport had the ability to adjust itself based on positioning and changing weather conditions.  It did not require Albert to do any planning or controls adjustments as the sail progressed.  In essence, Teleport could sail itself across the bay without Albert even aboard the vessel.  She truly was a technological marvel.
He answered the question.  He selected autopilot.  Albert normally enjoyed sailing Teleport by hand.  However, today he wanted to enjoy the sights of San Francisco Bay.  He also wanted to keep his mind clear and think about the Quinn and RPW situation.  
Once he pressed the Autopilot icon, Albert imagined Teleport’s computers winding up like a human brain evaluating a complex math problem.  Unlike a human, Teleport spit out the complex details a few moments later.  
The sail plan visually popped up on the map and reflected a 1:00 PM departure.  Teleport would exit Pier Marina and head east on a heading of 58 degrees magnetic for 2.7 miles.  Then, she would turn to a compass heading of 106 degrees magnetic and sail the remaining distance at an estimated average speed of 6.2 knots.  The computer estimated their anticipated travel duration to be two hours and seventeen minutes.  The resulting estimated arrival time was planned for 3:17 PM.  
The application asked Albert if the sail plan was acceptable to him.  He pressed the Accept icon.  The program loaded the final sail plan into Teleport’s systems as Albert was closing the application.  He placed the tablet back in its holster alongside his leather salon chair.  Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out the smartphone.  Scrolling through his contacts he found Sam’s number and pressed the Call Now icon.
Sam answered cheerfully, “Hey, Albert.  How’s things?"
"Not much better.  We don't have a good solution yet for the Quinn problem.  Any word from Bill this morning?"
"Yeah, he called me earlier.  He’s pissed.  Malcona wants to meet with him at 11:00 AM, assuming he shows up to the office.”
Albert was happy to hear confirmation about Malcona’s meeting.  It definitely was good news.  He said, “Listen.  I'm sailing over to Oakland this afternoon.  Let's take a sail on Teleport this evening.  Just an hour or two, so that we can talk.  Can you get down to the marina around three thirty or four o’clock?”
"Sure thing.  I've got a few meetings today.  I’ll be sure to wrap them up in time to be at the marina by four.  I don’t expect to run late, but if it looks possible, I'll give you a call."
"Thanks, Sam. Talk to you soon."  He pressed the Call End icon and put the phone back in his pocket.
Albert leaned forward and stood up from the chair.  He walked across the salon, around the forward section of the galley, and into the forward passageway located on the starboard side.  Stepping into the head, Albert unlocked the two hidden on the upper and lower right side of the shower stall.  He pivoted the shower into the room.
After pressing the two disguised buttons that looked like screw heads, he heard the four solenoids engage around the perimeter of the hidden door.  Then, the computer system sent a final command for the Open Door sequence.  A fifth solenoid pushed the door open into the small office.
Albert stepped through the opening and entered the Kevlar reinforced room.
From his preparations to destroy Karl Remons, Albert thought he had a complete work up on the players inside Remons Global.  Farley had been the financial mastermind of the money laundering activities.  His team had know about Rebecca Edwards, the technological expert.  But, no one had dug deep enough to get the complete picture.  Albert's focus had been on the money flow, not the technology behind it.  They had all underestimated the importance.
Rebecca Edwards, as it turned out, had been anything but a minor player.  After researching more thoroughly in the past few weeks, Max had explained just how deeply she was involved.  In his investigation, Max learned of the private relationship between Remons and Rebecca.  It wasn’t readily apparent.  He was only able to find out about it after digging back through historical data the team had had prior to the Albert arriving in San Francisco on the first day of summer.   
Several months before Albert sailed into San Francisco for the first time, Max had placed tracking devices on all of Remons’ vehicles.  As Remons personal helicopter pilot, Max had easy access to the vehicles in Remons’ stable.
What he learned after scouring the records was subtle, but significant.  Karl Remons, during the last three months of his life, had traveled four times to Sonoma.  Max had been very upset with himself.  He had assumed the trips were winery tours, as Remons was always adding to his extensive collection at the Monterey estate.
Once Max overlaid Remons’ stops with publicly available property records, he realized that  the destination had been Rebecca’s house.  From there, the puzzle pieces began to fall into place.  Max had noticed Rebecca’s car at the Remons estate at least once.  Technologically challenged, Remons was always having trouble with his computers.  Max assumed Rebecca was there to fix some problem he was having.  
Albert equally blamed himself for not associating Rebecca with James Edwards.  James had not popped up on any background research prior to Albert's arrival in San Francisco.  The full impact of Rebecca’s power was just now setting in with Albert.  Right or wrong, he was beginning to appreciate her motivations.  She was out for revenge.  It wasn’t a simple matter of power and money.  He knew in his gut that Rebecca was a survivor.  Therefore, he also knew she would take no prisoners.  
One of them would die before it was over.
Albert stayed lost in his thoughts.  He was struggling to find a high certainty success strategy for the RPW and Quinn fight.  With Farley’s sudden death, he was certain his own life was at risk.  
The voice in head kept screaming.  “Leave San Francisco.  NOW!”  
Albert shook away the voice.  He could not leave Max stranded.  Max had earned the Sikorsky, and he wouldn’t walk away from his friend.
Twenty minutes passed.  Albert finally snapped out of his thoughts.  He opened the upper cabinet on the right side of the room and removed the waterproof envelope of documents.  He opened it and dumped the contents onto the counter.  It contained the essential elements of Albert’s identity: passport, credit cards, birth certificate, gun permits, Teleport’s title, and a few other important items.
He found the gun permits for the both of the Ruger SR9c pistols.  After placing the remaining contents back in the envelope, he returned it to the fire and waterproof safe.  He locked the safe, and then stepped out of the secure room.  Albert pressed the two buttons and the hidden door closed behind him.  Finally, he slid the shower into place and latched it properly.
Albert headed back to the galley.  He reached below the sink and retrieved the Ruger SR9c stored in a hidden cubbyhole.  Holding it up in the light, he read the serial number on the gun.  He then compared the number to the two gun permits in his other hand.
Determining with confidence which gun the SFPD had in its custody, Albert placed the correct permit in his wallet.  He laid the other permit on the countertop and repositioned a coffee cup on it as a paperweight.
Albert climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped onto the bridge.  Jagsy was still asleep in the captain's chair.  When he opened the port side bridge door breezes drifted into Teleport’s command center.  Jagsy lifted his head from the cool wind.  
Albert said, “Sorry to disturb you, your majesty.” 
He stepped up onto the deck and closed the bridge door.  He locked the door and checked his phone.  Teleport had fully armed herself.  All intrusion detection systems were showing green.  He stepped down onto the dock and took several steps toward the gate before realizing his absentmindedness.  Albert had failed to first check his surroundings.  This wasn’t like him.
The voice whispered, “You’re messing up.  It’s getting sloppy.  Vigilance above all else.  Go back to Mexico.”
Quickly pulling the smartphone from his pocket, Albert retrieved the masthead camera application and scanned the area.  Fortunately, no trouble revealed itself.  He put away the phone and continued walking to the Dock 14 security gate.  
After passing through the gate, he made his way through the Pier Marina shops and turned right along The Embarcadero’s boardwalk.  It was less than a half mile walk to the SFPD.  
Albert didn’t notice Mummer sitting on a bench, supposedly engrossed in an addictive game on his phone.  Once Albert was a well past him on the boardwalk, Mummer texted a message to his boss.  It said, “Pabek just left his sailboat.  I’m on his tail.”
Chapter 29
Bill splashed water on his face and picked up the razor.  He scratched the blade across his chin.  The blade was dull, and the hangover was making his face extra sensitive.  Bill gave up on shaving and tossed the razor in the sink.  He patted down his hair.  It was a wreck, so he opted to top it with a baseball cap.  Hurriedly, he brushed his teeth and exited the head.
Returning to the galley, Bill grabbed his wallet, car keys, and phone.  He climbed the steps to the cockpit, replaced the hatch boards, closed the sliding cover, and attached the padlock.  
Bill’s head was swimming from the hangover.  He stepped on the port side lazarette seat, lifted his leg to step over the lifeline, misjudged the height, tripped and fell backward into the cockpit.  
“Damn it!  You clumsy fool!”  
Bill was strewn across the bench and into the floor of the cockpit.  He didn’t break anything in the fall, as far as he could tell.  There was no blood, either.  Slowly, he pulled himself up, using the wheel as leverage.  Once on his feet, he made a second attempt to navigate the life lines.  Successful this time, he jumped to the dock.  
He walked the distance to his car without any additional incident.  Next, he unlocked the Porsche, contorted himself into the low slung seat, started the engine, and revved the motor repeatedly.
Closing the door, Bill shifted the transmission into gear and sped out of the marina parking lot.  Remons may have been tough on the Porsche, but Bill made Remons look like a grandma out for a Sunday drive.  Bill pushed the car to its limits every day.
By the time he reached the entrance ramp for I-580, Bill had the Porsche moving at 90 mph.  He headed south toward Oakland.  Bill pressed the gas and pushed the car into triple digit speed.  He was hungover and in a bad mood.  
Looking in his rearview mirror, Bill thought momentarily about getting pulled over for speeding.  There wasn’t any cop behind, but Bill said anyway, “Let the fuckers try to pull me over.  I’ll outrun ‘em.”
His mind wandered off to Sam’s comment about Malcona.  Bill mockingly said, “She’ll be looking for you.”  Then, he said to Sam, as if he were sitting there with him.  “I’m coming to her, Sam.  She can kiss my shiny, white ass!”  It was Monday, and he was ready to pick a fight with Malcona.
Once in Oakland, he took the Harrison Street exit and turned right.  Three blocks later, and he was pulling up to the gate.  Bill motioned to the security guard impatiently.  The guard opened the gate and Bill spun the tires as he sped forward.  He skidded the car sideways on the garage floor and slammed on the brakes in the reserved parking space.  
Bill laughed aloud.  “I should join NASCAR.  It would be more fun than this shit.”
He pulled himself out of the 911, slammed the door with too much force, and stormed toward the elevator.  After pressing the Up button, Bill began to wonder if he might still be a little drunk.  He had a short conversation with himself.
“Are you drunk, Bill?” He asked himself.
“Why do you ask, Bill?  Do you think I’m drunk?” He answered his other self.
“Yes, I do think so.  Were you driving and risking your life?”
“I agree with you.  I am drunk and I drove.  Shame on me.”
The elevator doors opened, thus interrupting the idiotic conversation Bill was having with Bill.  He stepped aboard and pressed the 7 button.  As the doors closed, Bill noticed Malcona’s car in the garage.  He smirked and said, “Bite me, Malcona.  This is my business.”
The doors opened on the seventh floor.  Bill charged from the elevator and into the small lobby.  His assistant, Bill couldn’t remember her name at the moment, said, “Ms. Payne is waiting for you, Mr. Shefford.”
Bill frowned at the young assistant.  She shrugged at him, as if to say, “What can I do about it?”
Bill knocked on Malcona’s door at the same time he was opening it.  He didn’t bother to wait for her reply.
Malcona was annoyed.  Bill looked terrible.  He hadn’t shaved or showered.  It was obvious.  He was also wearing shorts, a polo shirt, and a baseball cap.  To top it off, he was not wearing shoes.
Attempting to ignore his unkempt appearance, Malcona said, “Come on in, Bill.  Please sit down.”
Bill cautiously eased into the room.  Something wasn’t right.  Malcona should be yelling at him and berating his behavior.  That was normally how things went.  He dropped into a seat across from her desk.
Bill said, “Malcona, I’ve been studying on this issue with Quinn Properties all night.  I’ve done some calculations and I believe that we should —”
“Bill,” Malcona interrupted.  “This is my meeting.  Not yours.”
Bill went silent.
“I’m firing you this morning, Bill,” she said.  “We have a serious issue, and I don’t think you are putting enough attention into resolving it.  Frankly, I don’t think you care about RPW’s problem.”
Bill jumped up and leaned over the desk.  “You can’t fire me!  We have a contract!  Who the hell do you THINK YOU ARE!!!”  His voice kept getting louder and louder.
Malcona said sternly. “Get out, Bill.  And, leave the Porsche here.  It belongs to RPW.”
Bill wasn’t finished.  “I’m not going anywhere, Malcona.  This is my company.  Not yours!  You showed up a few months ago.  I’ve slaved in this shithole for twenty years.”
Malcona wasn’t moved.  “Bill, this is my company.  You are - you were - my employee.  Leave now.”
Bill blurted out.  “I want to buy you out.  You are sinking my life’s work.  How much?”
“Bill,” Malcona said, almost with empathy.  “You can’t afford it.”
“How much?” He persisted.
“Two hundred million.  No less.  No more.”
Bill laughed loudly.  “It’s not worth that much any longer.  You’ve destroyed the value.  I’ll give you eighty million.”
Malcona pressed a button on her phone.  “Bill, please get out.  You don’t have eighty million, any more than you have two hundred million.”
A guard stepped into the office.  He said, “Mr. Shefford.  I’ve been asked to escort you off the property.”
Dejected, Bill stood up.  It was a lost cause.  At least, for now.  Bill walked out of the office without saying anything more to her.  He reached the elevator and pressed the Down button.
When the doors opened, Bill was standing face to face with Sam Halsop and Fay Wilson.  They had just finished a tour of the factory.  
Bill stared at Sam.  “You knew.  You son of a bitch.  I took you in.  I made your world.”
Sam shrugged his shoulders, but said nothing.
Bill said, “That’s why you wanted me to come in this morning?  You weren’t the hatchet man, but you put the hood on my head.  Bastard!”
Sam looked away from Bill.  He said, “This was your fault.  It wasn’t mine.  Yes, you got me this job, but it doesn’t entitle you to blame me for your shortcomings.  Take ownership for your contribution to the problem.”  
Sam and Fay Wilson stepped out of the elevator.  Bill and his escort stepped aboard.  When they reached the parking garage, Bill walked to the guard shack.  The guard stood on the garage’s perimeter and monitored his departure.  
After stepping outside the gate, Bill pulled the phone from his shirt pocket.  He called Quinn.
Quinn answered after a single ring, saying, “Where are you at?  Are we meeting at the coffee shop or my condo?”
Bill said, “Change of plans.  You have to pick me up RPW’s offices in Oakland first.  I’ve been fired and don’t have a ride to downtown.”
“Huh!  What happened?”  Quinn was pissed.  This could really screw up his plans.  “How can we manage Cobalt effectively with your ouster from RPW?”
Bill mumbled something incoherent to Quinn and waved his hand dismissively, as if Quinn was there to see the motion of his hands.  To the guards, it looked like Bill was swatting at phantom objects flying around him while he stood on the street.
“Fine,” Quinn said.  “I’ll be over there in about twenty or thirty minutes.  We are going to be late for the meeting.  You should call Pabek.”
Bill hung up with Quinn.  He sent a message to Elizabeth.  It read, “May be late.  Keep Albert occupied.”



Chapter 30
Lawrence parked the Nissan Versa in the hotel parking lot at Berkley Marina.  He put on a baseball cap and sunglasses.  Then, he walked into the lobby and headed for the restroom.  It had been a long drive from Max’s hideout north of Sausalito.
Relieved, he exited the restroom and located the complimentary coffee dispenser.  Lawrence giggled as he poured himself a cup.  He laughingly whispered to a guest standing nearby, “I’m not staying here.”
The guest didn’t seem as amused as Lawrence.
Next, he headed out the patio doors and could now see the boats docked in the marina.  He pulled out his phone and texted Max, saying, “I’m here.  Where’s Bill’s car?”
A minute passed.  Then, Max responded, saying, “He just arrived in Oakland.  He’s at RPW.  You are all clear.”
Lawrence texted Roland.  “Headed out to Bill’s sailboat now.  Where are you?”
Roland responded immediately.  “Just waiting on you.  I’m fishing just off the back of Bill’s boat.  Saw him leave earlier, so I went ahead and motored into the marina.”
Lawrence began to walk with authority.  He needed to get through the security gate and did not have a key.  He had to look like a boat owner; a boat owner incompetent enough to be without his gate key. 
As he neared the security gate, Lawrence noticed the hired guard approaching.  The Berkley Marina wasn’t located in the best part of the San Francisco area.  Petty theft was rampant, and the homeless were always trying to find somewhere to sleep or something to eat.  The marina was an easy target.
Deception is about leading people to see something that didn’t happen or doesn’t exist.  It’s not an easy skill, but Lawrence had perfected it over the years.  He began to walk faster toward the gate.  The guard did the same.  As he walked, Lawrence rummaged in his pocket for a quarter.  It would work the best.
He reached the gate just ahead of the guard, raised the quarter to the lock, and then fumbled it.  The quarter fell into the water with a small splash.
“Damn it!” Lawrence said.  At the same time, he immediately began walking away from the gate.  This was the second part of the deception.  Don’t ask for someone to help you.
The guard said, “Hang on there.  Where you going?”
Lawrence looked at him sheepishly.  “I’m headed back home.  Just dropped my dock key.  My wife’s key is at home.  Sorry, no time to talk.”
The guard was hooked.  “No worries, friend.  I can open it for you.  This time, anyway.”  He reached out with his set of keys and unlocked the door.
“Gee, thank you, sir.  Kindness isn’t lost after all.  Take care.”
Lawrence stepped through the gate and pulled it closed behind him.  He didn’t want the guard to get chatty and follow him down the dock.
The guard didn’t seem interested anyway.  He said, “No problem.  Have fun.”  Then, he continued across the lush grounds surrounding the property.
Lawrence power walked along the dock.  When he reached Bill’s boat, Roland was floating twenty yards behind it.  Roland said, “Took you long enough.  Hurry up.  We need to get over to Pier Marina.”
Lawrence jumped aboard the Beneteau sailboat, pulled a pry bar from underneath his windbreaker, and busted open the padlock.  He tossed the broken lock on the cockpit floor.  Bill needed to find it later.  It helped set the illusion of a random break in.
Lawrence slid the hatch forward, pulled out the three teak hatch boards, and tossed them in the salon.  Next, he jumped down into the salon and knocked a few things off of the counters.  “Bill’s already a slob,” he said aloud.  “I wonder if he’ll even notice my damage.”
He wasn’t there just to vandalize the boat.  Lawrence opened all the cupboards.  In one cabinet, he found three cell phones and placed them all in his jacket pocket.  He removed the salon seat cushions and lifted off the storage covers underneath.  Nestled below the starboard berth was a large caliber semi-automatic pistol of some kind, as well as a shotgun.  Lawrence grabbed both, walked over to the companionway and set them in the cockpit.
He walked forward and entered the v-berth.  After pulling the cushions and checking the storage cubbies, Lawrence returned to the salon.  Finally, he stepped into the head.  The boat had an enclosed vanity.  He dug around inside it, but found nothing of interest.  He then checked the aft berth and opened the engine cover.  Nothing important was found.
That was enough searching.  Lawrence climbed up the companionway stairs and waved at Roland.  Roland reversed the engines and backed the trawler toward the sailboat.  Once it was close enough, Lawrence bent over, picked up the guns, and jumped aboard.
“Let’s go,” Lawrence said.  As Roland pulled away from the marina, Lawrence placed the guns inside the cabin.  Then, he climbed up the ladder and joined Roland on the flybridge.
The trawler picked up speed as they headed west toward Pier Marina.  Albert had assigned them the task of watching Dad’s Coffee & More, as well as The Owner.  He was getting concerned about his personal safety.  The doomsday scenario task was for Roland or Lawrence to call the SFPD, if the situation warranted it. 


Chapter 31
It was 11:19 AM.
Albert headed south away from The Embarcadero and toward Beach Street.  Soon, he reached the San Francisco Police Department’s downtown office.  Albert breathed deeply and climbed the stairs to reach the second floor entrance to the precinct.  He leaned over the handrail along the steps and noted the bars on the lower floor.  The lower floor was a partial basement and Albert presumed this was the downtown location’s jail.  It would be for temporary holding only, probably just day use, as the policemen processed their prey from each day’s hunt.
It wasn’t fair for Albert to paint all police officers with a such broad stroke.  He knew there were good and bad cops, just like there were good and bad people in all occupational walks of life.  He couldn’t help his feelings.  When Frank Pabek and Todd Lasteres were killed in the industrial accident at Metal Presses Incorporated in 1997, he had argued that the action had been criminal.  His pleas for justice fell on deaf ears.  The police would do nothing.  They said it was an accident; not negligence.
After his mother died, Albert continued pressing the local authorities to investigate.  The local law enforcement deferred his requests, advising it was an occupational related death and OSHA, both at the state and federal level, controlled the investigation.  Albert accused Remons Global of buying off the agency leaders.  Ultimately, he accused the local authorities of the same misdeed.  Summarily ignored, Albert began plotting his own justice against the perpetrator.  Remons was now dead.  Balance had been returned to Albert’s universe. 
Stepping through the doors, Albert remembered the last time he had been there.  James Edwards had been arrested for killing an intruder at the gas dock.  It was in the time when he wrongly considered James an ally, or at the very least, simply a kind person without intent to harm Albert.  He had gone to the SFPD to get James out of jail.
Now, of course, Albert wished he had left him jail.  James would still be alive.  Albert wouldn’t be at the police station attempting to get back his gun and Teleport’s dinghy.  He also wouldn’t have to engage in any conversations with Bratcher.  
Albert still remembered the focus in Bratcher’s eyes at the diner.  The career policeman was on the hunt.  He could sense something about Albert, but fortunately had yet been unable to connect all of the dots.  The longer Albert stayed in San Francisco, though, the more he risked Bratcher’s pencil connecting those dots.  The picture it would outline could include Albert sitting behind the bars in the basement jail below him. 
Once inside, he walked up the officer at the front desk.  The officer looked up and raised his eyebrows.  That was the limit of courtesy offered to Albert.  No “good morning” or “is there an emergency” or “you pay my salary; what can I do for you?”
Albert blandly said, “I need to talk to Sergeant Bratcher.”
“Okay.  What’s your name?” The officer seemed uninterested.
“Albert Pabek.”
Now, the officer was interested.  He jumped from his chair, and said, “Wait here.  He’s getting a fresh cup of coffee.”
Albert muttered, “And a doughnut?”
“What?  I didn’t catch that, Mr. Pabek.  Care to repeat your question?”  The cop glared at Albert.
“Nothing, Officer.  I said, ‘I’ll wait here patiently while you retrieve the sergeant.’ Okay?”  Albert smiled firmly at him.
The officer pushed through the double swinging doors and disappeared from sight.  A moment later, he returned with Bratcher following close behind.
“Mr. Pabek,” Bratcher said.  “What can I do for you?”
“I want my gun.”  As he made the demand, Albert reached for his wallet and retrieved the gun permit.  He handed it to Bratcher.  “Here’s my permit.”
“Slow down there, Mr. Pabek.  You have some papers to fill out.”  Bratcher motioned to the desk clerk, saying, “Get him the forms for the return of confiscated property.  The DA released the gun a couple of months ago.  Make sure he fills it out completely.”
Turning back to Albert, Bratcher said, “The desk clerk will handle everything.  I’m busy.  Anything else?”
Albert laughed.  “Yes, where’s my dinghy?  Are you finished holding it hostage, too?”
Bratcher stepped closer to Albert.  “Pabek, you have a lot of nerve showing up again in San Francisco.  Why did you come back?”
Albert evaded the question.  “You didn’t answer my question, Sergeant.  Sir.  I want my dinghy back.  Are you through with it?”
Bratcher leaned near Albert’s ear.  “Where’s James Edwards’ body?”
Albert smiled.  “Go fish.  I don’t have anything to do with your investigation.”  Then, he said, “I know you’re done with the dinghy, because there wasn’t anything to find.  Like I said, ‘go fish’.”
Bratcher stepped back and motioned for the desk clerk.  He said, “Mr. Pabek will only be picking up his gun today.  Do not release the tender.”
Albert was really pissed now.  “I want my tender returned.  You guys picked it up on a bogus warrant and stretched the law way too far.  I despise overexertion of authority.”
Bratcher looked around the room.  Then, he stepped forward and pushed on Albert’s chest, saying, “You haven’t seen overexertion.  If you get the dinghy back, I hope it will still be seaworthy.”
He walked away from Albert without saying anything more.  
Albert filled out the paperwork for the gun.  The desk clerk retrieved it from the locker and gave it to him.  Albert stuffed the gun underneath his belt along his lower back and pulled the windbreaker over it.  He said, “Don’t damage my tender.”
He headed for the door, but decided to send a message to Bratcher.  He whirled around and said loudly, “Tell Bratcher he owes me twenty bucks for the breakfast he stiffed me on yesterday.”
Still grinning at his smart-ass comment, Albert left the SFPD precinct, crossed Beach Street, and headed north to reach The Embarcadero.  He then turned right and trekked along the boardwalk back to Pier Marina.
He was furious.  Bratcher and his SFPD buddies had hauled off Teleport’s tender.  They were not going to find anything to implicate him in James’ disappearance.  Yet, they were not returning his property.
Adjusting the gun underneath his jacket, now Albert thought probably Bratcher had unloaded the weapon and failed to return his ammunition.  He couldn’t check right now, though.  Pulling a gun in public usually resulted in a sudden death handled by trigger happy policemen.
It was nearing time for his meeting with Bill and Pete Quinn.  Albert picked up his pace.  He passed by the ferries at the wharf.  One was in dock.  Another was approaching from the north.
When he reached Pier Marina, Albert slowed his pace and studied his surroundings.  He couldn’t trust Bill or Quinn.  Either of them could have someone watching his movements.  Strolling through the shops along the pier, Albert didn’t detect that Mummer was still following him.
Just before reaching the coffee shop, Albert took out his phone.  He opened the app for Teleport’s security system.  Everything was green.  He then pulled up the masthead camera and surveyed the area.  Nothing unusual.  Finally, he zoomed in the mast head camera and rotated it to face toward Dad’s Coffee & More.  Teleport’s mast stood one hundred feet tall, easily allowing the camera a clear view of the dockside entrance to the coffee shop.  However, the store blocked any view of the outside dining area.
Albert then pressed the option to put the camera in stabilization mode.  The gyros and computer took over, locking the camera position firmly on the coffee shop.  Lastly, Albert pressed the Record icon.  He would study the video later for any unusual activity.
He put away the phone and walked into the store.  Veronica, always her cheerful self, said, “Hey, Albert!  Black coffee?”
Albert replied, “Yes.  Thanks, Veronica.  I’m meeting Bill here in a few minutes.”
“No worries.  Sit anywhere.”
Albert headed for a table near the window.  He didn’t want to sit outside.  No sense giving everyone aboard The Owner a clear view of his Bill and Quinn meeting.
“Hi, Albert,” Elizabeth said.  She was sitting just inside the doorway.  He had walked right past her.
Albert was startled, and it was apparent to Elizabeth.  
She stood up and hugged him.  “Sorry.  Didn’t mean to scare you.  What are you doing here?”
Warning lights flashed deeply in his brain.  Albert considered that Elizabeth may be there by coincidence.  She was Veronica’s coffee shop partner, after all.  Still, he knew she was a cunning woman, having survived with Karl Remons for so many years.
The voice whispered, “Friend or foe?  Do you know?  Go back to Cabo.”
Albert said, “I have a meeting about this RPW mess.  Bill is coming over here.”  He looked at the clock hanging on the wall behind the counter.  Bill and Quinn were late.  It was 12:05 PM.
Elizabeth seemed to cheer up.  “That’s great.  I always like seeing Bill.”
He then asked his own question.  “How’s the new coffee shop going?”
Elizabeth lost her enthusiasm.  “Fine.  The crew is busy today with some heavy cutting and grinding.  The noise was killing me.  I decided to hang out here for the afternoon.”  Then, she added,  “Veronica and I will probably go out for drinks this evening.  Want to join us?”
Albert shrugged and smiled.  “I don’t know.  Not sure how busy tonight will be yet.  Can I let you know later?”
“Of course you can,” Elizabeth said, just a little too seductively.  “Or, maybe we will come down to Teleport and have drinks there.”
The voice in Alberts head screamed at him.  “No! No! No!  Foe! Foe! Foe!”
Chapter 32
Bill sat on the curb alongside the street in front of RPW Corporation.  He leaned against the grassy landscape and gazed into the morning sky.
Humiliatingly fired a few minutes earlier, Bill should have been angry.  He was not.  Instead, he was relieved.  For months, he had tolerated Malcona’s bullshit.  Now he would destroy her using Cobalt Industries.  Bill fell asleep smiling.
Bill was startled awake by the honking of a car horn.  Quinn’s hand kept pressing the horn until Bill began moving.  He sat up from the grassy curb.  He leaned over on his right hip, twisted onto his knees, and slowly pushed himself into a standing position.
Quinn had the top down on the convertible.  Unmoved by Bill’s impaired condition, he said, “Hurry up, Bill.  We are late.”
Bill opened the door and fell into the seat.  In the process, the gold watch on his left hand scraped across the sun visor, gashing a four inch hole in it.
“You sloth!  Look what you did to my car.”
“Settle down!” Bill said.  “I’ll buy you a new one.  It’s just a sun visor.”  He closed the door.  “Let’s go.”
Quinn headed north along Interstate 805 until he reached the Oakland Bridge.  He wasn’t in the mood to talk to Bill.  Besides, Bill was of limited use to Quinn at this point.
Bill broke the silence.  “We need to strategize.  I’m no longer CEO of RPW.  If Albert doesn’t know yet, he will by the time we get there.”
Quinn lifted his right hand from the steering wheel and waved it summarily at Bill.  “You’ve got nothing to say, Bill.  You are out.  Of what help can Albert believe you can be at this point?”  
Quinn continued, “Anyway, you look like shit.  You’re turning into a drunk.  Did you even shower this morning?”
“Shut up, Pete.  Cobalt Industries will own RPW by the end of September.”
Quinn slowed the car as they reached downtown.  At a traffic light, he turned to face Bill.  “You’re finished.  I don’t need you on the street.  I needed you inside RPW.  You blew it.”
Bill’s face curled up with anger.  He roared, “I am RPW, you son of a bitch!”
Not knowing it, Bill had struck a nerve with Quinn.  He depressed the accelerator hard, lunging the small car forward.  At the same time, he raised his right hand above the steering wheel and arced it across the dash into Bill’s face.  The combination of the car’s forward motion and Quinn’s muscles resulted in Bill’s nose breaking.
Quinn reached behind the seat and fished around for a microfiber polishing towel he used routinely to wipe bird shit off the BMW’s delicately painted skin.  He stuffed it into Bill’s face, saying, “Don’t bleed on my car.”
Bill blotted his face.  “Do that again, and I’ll kill you.”
“Try it.  I’ll drop you faster.  You’re a has-been that needs me.  I don’t need you.”
Quinn searched out a parking space along the boardwalk.  He climbed out of the car and dropped a handful of quarters in the parking meter.  As he stood waiting for Bill to get out of the car, he looked at The Owner floating in her private berth.
“You too will soon be exclusively mine.”
Bill stepped up on the curb.  Quinn pressed and held the Lock button on the key fob.  The BMW’s deck lid opened up and the hardtop began extricating itself from the confines.  Seventeen seconds later, with the top confirmed in position, the car automatically rolled up the windows and locked the doors.
“Let’s go,” Quinn said.  “Tell Pabek you were just fired.  Accuse Malcona of being dirty.  Call her the equivalent of a female version of Karl Remons.”
“She’s a child compared to Remons.  I don’t think that w—”
“Shut up, Bill.  Do as I said.  Lie.  Craft a big story.  It will give Pabek reason to question Malcona’s motives.  It’s a distraction.  Make it an elaborate one.”
“I don’t know.  We have to get Cobalt Industries in pro—”
Quinn interrupted, again.  “Stop talking about Cobalt.  I don’t need you.  Do what I say, and I may decide to keep you involved in Cobalt.”
Bill leaned nearer to Quinn, as they walked through the shops on Pier Marina.  “Don’t fuck with me, Quinn.  Malcona may be a baby compared to Remons.  Me, though?  I taught Remons how to be Karl Remons.”
With that comment, Quinn grabbed Bill by his left arm.  “You really are trying my patience today.  Don’t kid yourself, Bill.”
Then, Quinn said, “There are many Remons in this world.  Karl didn’t have a corner on that market.”

Chapter 33
It was 12:23 PM.
Bill and Quinn were twenty-three minutes late, when the bells hanging from door jingled to indicate their arrival.  Albert looked at his phone to confirm the time.  Yes, twenty-three minutes exactly.  A bad omen.
“Interesting,” Albert said to himself, as he stood up to greet them.
The voice in his head yelled, “It’s not ‘interesting’!  It’s not a coincidence!  Set sail.”
Bill said, “Sorry we were late.”
“Hello, Albert,” said Quinn.  “I had to pick up Bill.  That’s why we were running late.”
Albert had been surveying Bill’s appearance.  He knew to expect a rough looking Bill.  Lawrence and Uncle Roland had warned him already.  But, Bill looked really, really rough.
“What happened to you?” Albert asked.  “You look like shit.  Were you mugged?”
Bill took the opportunity to begin the story telling.  “I might has well been.  Probably would have been more dignified.”
Albert motioned toward his table.  “Let’s sit down.”
Veronica came in from the patio.  Elizabeth was close behind her.  Veronica ignored Bill’s condition; it wasn’t polite to be nosy.  She asked, “Drinks?  Food?”
Bill said, “Coffee.  Black.  No food.  I’m not feeling too well.”
Quinn asked, “Do you have a selection of teas?”
Veronica responded, “Yes.  I’ll be right back.”
Elizabeth quietly dabbed a napkin on Bill’s nose.  Albert found it a little odd.  He guessed they may have been romantically involved in the past.  There was an obvious shared connection between the two former employees of Remons Global.
Bill said, “Elizabeth, please sit with us.  I left my notebook at the office.  Besides that, I’m not really feeling too well.  May I impose on you to take some notes for me?”
Elizabeth said, “Of course, Bill.  It will be like old times.”  She ducked behind the counter, found a notepad and pen, and promptly returned.  
Now all seated, Quinn looked at Albert, saying, “You called this meeting.  What’s up?”
Albert ignored the question for the moment.  He looked at Bill.  “What happened?”
Bill shook his head.  “RPW.  Well… Malcona, specifically.  She fired me this morning.  The business isn’t doing well.”  He pointed at Quinn.  “This asshole is largely responsible, but that’s not the whole story.”
“Settle down,” Albert said.  “I want to have a productive meeting.  My only goal is to get back to Mexico as soon as possible.”
Bill continued.  “Anyway, RPW is struggling.  Malcona doesn’t know how to run it.  Yet, she’s blaming me for the failure.  This morning, she called me to her office and fired me.  Then, she had a guard literally throw me out on the street.  I broke my nose in the fall.”
“What?”  Albert had a hard time believing this one.
“It’s true, Albert.  She has you snookered.  Malcona is a milder, but no less capitalistic, version of Karl Remons.  I’ve seen things…” He allowed his voice to trail off.
Quinn jumped in.  “What do you want, Albert?  I’ll own RPW by the end of the month.  You’ve heard Bill.  Just leave it all alone.”
Albert said nothing.  He just looked back and forth between the men.
Veronica arrived and placed a tray of drinks on the table.  She glanced at Bill, but looked away quickly.  
Bill said, “It’s okay, Veronica.  I’m fine.”
Veronica tapped Elizabeth on the shoulder.  “I want to talk to you.  Now.” 
Elizabeth shrugged at Bill and left the table.
Albert said, “My intention had been to negotiate a solution between the CEO of RPW and Quinn Properties.  With your termination, Bill, I don’t believe this is possible.”
Veronica and Elizabeth were distracting Albert.  He could see them arguing across the room.  He adjusted the chair to more directly face Quinn, marginalize Bill, and be less distracted by the sisters.
He continued, “Pete, I would like to broker a legitimate deal between you and RPW Corporation.”  Albert paused briefly, just to let it sink in.  Then, he continued.  “If you want the company, buy it fairly and above board.”
Quinn was listening intently.  He said nothing, wanting to hear more.
Bill asked, “What are you doing Albert?  This doesn’t make any—”
“Shut up, Bill,” Quinn said.  “Let him finish.”
Albert said, “It will cost you more in the short run.  But, long term, the benefit is you don’t have to deal with vigilantes getting into your business.” 
Albert pointed to himself and smiled.
Quinn was intrigued.  “How much?”
Albert had a nibble.  “Three hundred million.”
Quinn scoffed.  “I already have the company in my pocket.  The leaseback arrangements guarantee it.”
“Maybe so.  But, it will take years to get everything finalized in the courts.  Surely you aren’t naive.  The widows won’t hand you the company, regardless of their non-interest in the business.”
Bill jumped in.  “Don’t listen to him.  They will sell for $200 million.  I know it for a fact.”
Quinn frowned at Bill.  “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Malcona told me this morning.  I offered to buy the company, and she priced it at two hundred million.  Exactly what they paid for it three months ago.”
Albert dropped his eyes to the table.  Malcona had, once again, not handled things properly.  He had no idea Malcona would spout off her desired price for selling the business to Bill.
Quinn asked, “Is it true, Albert?  The widows want out simply for their buy-in cost?”
Albert put his finger in the air.  “Hang on a moment.  I need to make a phone call.”  He excused himself from the table and walked outside.
He walked to the edge of the pier, pulled out his phone, and leaned against the railing.  Casually, he surveyed the waters around the pier.  Lawrence and Uncle Roland were a hundred or so yards away with fishing poles in the water.  Both were in hats and sunglasses.  Albert laughed at the duo.  His best friend and his only living family member.  The two most important people in his life, stationed incognito to watch his back.
Albert scrolled through his contacts.  He pressed the Call Now option after pulling up Malcona’s information.
She answered after four rings.  It was noisy in the background around her.  She said loudly, “Hi, Albert.  How’s things?”
“Where are you?  I can barely hear your voice.”
“Oh, sorry about that.  Give me a moment.”  
Albert could hear the noises diminish.  The sounds of Malcona’s high heels on a sidewalk became apparent.  
She continued, “Fay and I are out having lunch and a couple of drinks.”
Albert was disappointed.  She definitely was no business leader.  “Isn’t RPW in a state of chaos from Bill’s firing this morning?”
Malcona paused.  “You’ve heard it’s already been done?  Bill call you?”
Albert ignored the question.  “Word gets around fast.  You know how gossip works.  I heard it was a big scene, and you had the guards toss him out on the curb.”
Malcona said, “Tossed out sounds a little inaccurate.  But he was escorted off the property.”
“I also heard you offered to sell him RPW for $200 million?  Is that true?”
“Yes.  Why?  You know that’s what I want.”
The cat was out of the bag.  Albert had what information he needed.  He changed the subject.  “Who is running the shop since you fired Bill?”
“Sam Halsop.  Is that okay with you?”  Malcona’s question was asked with some irritation.
“It’s your business.  You know I approve of Sam.”  He needed to get back to Bill and Quinn.  “Enjoy your lunch.  Tell Fay that I said hi.  I miss our days on the ski slope.”
“Good bye, Albert.  I’ll talk to you later today.”  Malcona hung up the phone.
Albert switched to one of the applications monitoring Teleport.  The security system reflected all green.  No attempted entries.  He switched to the bilge pump monitors.  The pumps had cycled seven times since midnight.  If he didn’t find the leak soon, it would be necessary to haul Teleport out and inspect her undersides.
He closed the application, put away the phone, and returned to the inside seating area.  Elizabeth was back at Bill’s side.  Quinn was sipping his tea.
Albert sat down.  Now, the real negotiations were underway.  “I just spoke with the RPW board of directors via conference call.  Reynolds, Wilson and Payne were all on the call.  The number is $300 million.”
Bill leaned across the table and glared at him.  “Bullshit, Albert.  I’ve known you for years.  You aren’t too cunning for me.”
Albert was unmoved.  He looked at Quinn.
Quinn said, “Tell them $250.  I’ll get it done by September 30.”
Bill interjected.  “It’s too much, Pete.  He’s bluffing.  Don’t play along.  There isn’t enough cash flow to support Cobalt carrying that much debt!”
Quinn’s turn to be angry had now arrived.  He was furious.  “Bill, you’re a drunk and an old has-been.  Remons should have killed you years ago.  Maybe he would have been able to keep his company.”
Albert was beginning to put it together while the men argued.  Bill and Quinn had been meeting discreetly for almost two months.  He already knew that.  Albert had assumed Bill was helping Quinn Properties take over RPW.  Now, it made more sense.  Quinn had been playing Bill for his own needs.
“Cobalt?” Albert asked.  “What’s that?”
“Nothing,” Bill said.
Quinn also ignored the question.  “Tell the widows I will buy RPW for $250.  It’s a firm number.  It gives them a profit.  You go back to Mexico.”
Bill was hungover, but he still had a few brain cells working.  Quinn was cutting him out.  He interjected.  “Cobalt Industries.  It’s a partnership between Quinn and me.  We will be buying RPW.”
“No, Bill,” Quinn said.  “Cobalt Industries is your company.  I’m not interested in being your partner.”
“What the hell are you talking about?  We formed the company together.”
Condescendingly, Quinn said, “No, Bill.  I was your advisor on creating the company.  Read the agreements.  There’s nothing in there about me being your partner.”
Bill was really confused.  Albert was slightly amused.
Bill was having a bad morning.  He was hungover.  He was fired.  His business partner tricked him.  Now, Albert decided to throw his own handful of salt in the wound.
“Bill,” he said, interrupting the two men arguing.  “Good news.  The police are nearly through with my tender.  I was over there this morning picking up my Ruger that was confiscated a few months ago.”
That got his attention.  Bill said, “What?”
“You heard me,” Albert said flatly.  “Good news, huh?”
Bill had heard enough.  Things were spiraling out of control.  He knew how Albert worked.  It was time for him to exit the current situation.   He said, “I have to go.  Elizabeth?  Can you give me a ride?  Malcona stole my car.”
Elizabeth looked hesitantly at her sister.  Veronica was frowning at her from across the room.  She saw her mouth the words, “Don’t do it.”
Lying, Elizabeth said, “Bill… I can’t right now.  Veronica and I have a meeting downtown at 2:00 PM.”  
She wanted to help Bill.  But, she didn’t want to upset Veronica.  Besides, it looked like Bill was headed for disaster.  Something had changed inside of him.
Bill insisted.  “Liz, I really need a ride back to Berkley.  You can drop me off on your way, right?  Your meeting isn’t for another hour.”  Then, he added, “Besides, I thought you still owed me a few favors.”
The subtle threat was not lost on Albert.  The pair were obviously keeping secrets on each other’s past dealings.
Elizabeth didn’t look at her sister.  She didn’t want a disapproving stare.  She replied, “Fine.  I’ll drop off you off.  That’s it.”
Everyone stood up.  Veronica walked over, and said, “Liz, do you have to go?”
Hugging her sister, she whispered, “I’ll see you later today.  Just dropping him off.  Nothing more.”  
Elizabeth grabbed Bill by the hand and pulled him toward the doors.
Albert and Quinn walked out on the patio.  Albert looked north and spotted Roland’s trawler.  He looked east at The Owner.  Someone, probably a guard, was looking over the rail down toward the coffee shop. 
Quinn said, “Your friend, Bill… Well, maybe you should have different friends.”
“Thanks for the advice.  I’ve known Bill for a few years.  I know his faults probably better than you.”  Then, Albert switched the subject.  “I’ll broker the deal for two hundred fifty million.  I’m expecting a finders fee, on top of that.”
“How much?” Quinn asked.
“Six million.”
“Done,” Quinn said without hesitation.
“I’m not done.  Secondly, you need to give up title to the Sikorsky.  It belongs to one of my friends; not Quinn Properties.”
“Sure.  I have a jet, anyway.  It’s faster.” Quinn said.  “You care a lot about your friends, don’t you?”
“Yes, my true friends.  Bill has fallen out of that group.”
Quinn shook Albert’s hand.  He said, “I read up on you.  Out of work automotive stamping plant employee turned vigilante.  Really?”
Albert wasn’t sure where Quinn was headed with the conversation.  What he was sure of - Pete Quinn wasn’t in the friend category.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.  I’m no vigilante.  I just helped some widows buy back their deceased husbands’ business.”
“Don’t be so modest, Albert.  Bill told me everything.”
Albert smiled back at Quinn.  “I can assure you, Bill did not tell you everything.  Only I know it all, and I’m not talking.”
“Remons killed your father?” Quinn asked.  “That’s the way you see it?”
“A money hungry asshole destroyed my family.  I destroyed him.  End of story.”
Albert noticed a strange look in Quinn’s eyes.  It was a hollowed out look that Albert knew all too well.  It was like he was gazing into a mirror.  Albert could see something behind the bright blue eyes of Pete Quinn.
Quinn could see Albert’s brain working hard to process something.  He said, “I must depart.  I’ll have the contracts prepared.  They will be ready in a few days.”
Quinn tipped an imaginary hat at Albert and walked south through the Pier Marina shops.
Albert pulled out his phone and called Lawrence.
Lawrence answered, “Don’t leave us in suspense.  What happened?”
“Bill’s spiraling out of control.  Malcona fired him this morning.  Quinn has cut him out of whatever deal the two of them had going.”
“And?” Lawrence asked.  “Figure out a way to get him out of RPW’s business?  I need to get back to Michigan.  Mike Bell called me this morning.  He wants me to come back home soon.  You know I’m an important person, don’t you?”  
Lawrence was poking fun at Albert.  Mike and Albert talked routinely.  Lawrence could come and go as he pleased.
“Whatever, Lawrence,” Albert laughed.  “Go back to Mike.  You love him more, don’t you?”
Lawrence got serious.  “What’s happening?”
“I just sold RPW to Quinn for two hundred fifty million.”
“Fantastic, Albert!”
Albert could see Lawrence give Roland a high-five.
“You guys get back to Berkley.  Elizabeth is taking Bill to the marina.  He’s a loose cannon.  Nothing to lose at this point for him.  Watch your back.”
Albert pressed the End Call icon.  He thumbed through the recent contacts, found Malcona’s mobile number, and selected Redial.
Two rings and Malcona answered.  This time, she was in quieter surroundings.
“Hello, Albert.”
Albert asked, “Are you back at the office?”
“No,” she replied.  “Fay and I just walked out of the restaurant.  I’m taking her back, so that she may pick up her car.  Then, I’m going home.”
Albert shook his head disapprovingly, knowing Malcona could not see him.  He said, “I’ve convinced Quinn to purchase RPW Corporation fairly and above board.  Are you and the others still willing to sell?”
“That’s good news.  How much?  We can’t take less than two hundred million.”
“Different question for you.  Can we agree to share in any proceeds above $200?  I think 25% for me and 75% for RPW’s partners is fair.  After all, I did have to return to San Francisco to help solve this problem.”
A long pause ensued.  Malcona finally replied, “I think so.  The board will have to vote on it.  How much will Quinn pay?”
“Two Fifty.”
Another pause.  Albert guessed Malcona was mouthing ‘two fifty!’ at Fay Wilson.
Malcona finally replied, “Okay.  That’s good.  I’ll coordinate a conference call with the board this afternoon and put it to a vote.”
Albert said, “Please let me know by the end of the day.  I need to call Quinn tonight.”
Pressing the End Call icon, Albert pondered his rapidly growing potential wealth.  When he started his venture, riches had not been his objective.  Now, in a single afternoon, he had negotiated a deal with broker fees of $6 million from Quinn and $12.5 million from RPW Corporation.  Combined with the nearly $2 million aboard Teleport, Albert would soon be sitting on $20 million.  He felt a contradicting sense of giddiness and unease about the looming large payout.
Slipping the phone in his pocket, he looked across the harbor at The Owner.  Albert wondered if Quinn would betray Rebecca, just as he had already done to Bill.
He hadn’t noticed Rebecca watching him.  From her stateroom aboard The Owner, she had observed as Albert and Quinn stood outside the coffee shop talking.  She had watched them shake hands.  She realized Quinn had made some type of deal; she just didn’t know what.
Quinn had not mentioned any meeting with Pabek.  This could only mean one thing - betrayal by her business partner.
Karl’s words echoed loudly in her head.
“Only trust yourself.  Kill or be killed.”






Chapter 34
Pete Quinn was born in June of 1984.  The original birth certificate recorded his given name as Peter  Derrick Thomas, his mother as Anna Thomas, and his father as UNKNOWN.  In 1990, the birth certificate was amended.  His last name was changed from Thomas to Quinn, and Pete’s adopted father was added - Reye Quinn.
Pete came into the world a product of a short lived romance between two young teenagers.  She was sixteen, a runaway from a central California operated children’s home, and worked at a fast food hamburger place near a Newport Beach private high school.  A few weeks after starting the job, the runaway girl attracted the attention of a high school freshman.  He was charming and swiftly wove for her a dream chasing story.  He talked of the two of them running away and living life in the moment.
She loved the attention.  Routinely, over a two month period, the couple would slip off in his Corvette destined for a motel a few miles away.  Then, she became pregnant.  
Scared, essentially penniless and unsure what to do, she told the boy of the pregnancy one night in the hotel.  The boy was furious.  He trapped her in the room, yelled obscenities at her for two hours, and threatened to kill her if she didn’t abort the child.  
She had no where to go and had no intention of aborting her baby.  Telling the police would result in her being returned to the state welfare system.  Her child would possibly be aborted without her consent, or otherwise she would be forced to put the baby up for adoption.
The day following her disclosure to the boy about the baby, a limousine pulled up to the hamburger stand.  The driver stepped from the car and walked into the small restaurant.  He provided her with his business card and requested her to leave immediately with him.  She was escorted to the car and climbed into the rear passenger area.
Inside the car was the boy and an older man that she assumed to be the boy’s father.  A third man was also present.  He introduced himself as the family’s personal attorney.  He passed a backpack to her and advised it contained ten thousand dollars of cash, along with a Greyhound bus ticket to Las Vegas, Nevada.  He explained she may accept the gift on two conditions.
First, she must immediately abort the child.  They would arrive at the family’s personal doctor’s office within five minutes.  Second, she must leave town with the ticket provided.  The bus would depart at 10:20 AM the following day.
The boy and his father said nothing at all during the explanation.  They both stared intensely at her.  It was the stares that frightened her.  Nothing but evil lurked in both of their eyes.  The limo reached the doctor’s office and stopped at the curb.  The lawyer asked her if she had made a decision.
The girl was a survivor.  She had lived in children’s homes as far back as she could remember.  She knew no parents.  She never had older siblings around to protect her from the bullies in the orphanages.  Even at sixteen, she knew that life likely never would be a cakewalk, and only the strong could navigate it successfully.
She began to cry uncontrollably.  It was the gut wrenching sobbing of a mother about to abort her child.  The boy and his father each smiled at the other.  They just knew this problem would soon be over.  The attorney, unmoved by the tears, asked again as to her decision.  Nodding affirmatively through the tears, she agreed to have the abortion and leave town.
The driver was instructed to open the door.  In that moment, she leapt from her seat, still clutching the backpack, and shoved the door open.  The driver lost his balance and fell to the sidewalk.  She ran down the sidewalk, jumped into traffic to cross the street, and quickly disappeared.
She had to get out of town and far away from the evil seen in the father and son.  Even at her age, she knew they would search anywhere to find her; money was no deterrent.  She made her way to the access road along Interstate 10 and hitched a ride east with a long haul trucker.  During the ride, she said her name was Josephine Jackson and her boyfriend lived in Albuquerque, New Mexico.  She was running away from home to get married.
Once in Albuquerque, she hitched more rides and ultimately ended up in Nashville, Tennessee.  During this leg of the trip, she was Margaret Simms, destined for her piece of the music business in Nashville.  She believed herself to be not only the next country superstar, but also the one who would break down the racial barriers of Nashville.  That was the story she shared with each driver.
She lived in cheap hotels and worked odd jobs for a month in Nashville.  Then, she began traveling again.  This time on Greyhound buses.  For three weeks, she rode around the southern states, always traveling under different names.  Her clothing changes were just as elaborate.
Three months passed after her escape from California.  She wasn’t getting any less pregnant.  She decided to spend the remainder of the pregnancy in Miami, Florida.  The city’s size and ethnic diversity would make it easy for her and the baby to blend in.  She rode three more Greyhound buses and arrived in February 1984.
The soon-to-be mom had been frugal with the money.  She still had over nine thousand dollars upon arriving in Miami.  After surveying the tourist areas around Biscayne Bay, she determined there were good job opportunities and decided to settle near the brilliant blue waters.  She located a one room rental atop a garage of a small family’s home and paid three months rent in advance.
The following day, she opened a savings account and deposited most of the cash.  When asked her name by the banker, she created her new name, Anna Thomas.  A few hours later, she had secured a job serving pizza at an outdoor shopping mall.  She worked nearly every day and studied for the GED test.  Two weeks before the baby was born, Anna passed the test and officially held a high school diploma equivalent.
A few months after her son was born, Anna fast talked her way into a receptionist position with a local realtor.  She was ambitious, hungry, and a quick learner.  By 1989, she had passed the real estate exams and had rapidly become a successful realtor.  Clients loved her personality and the fervor she worked in securing desirable properties in the Miami area.
In 1990, she sold a waterfront home to a man named Reye Quinn.  It was on Biscayne Bay and faced the Port of Miami.  Reye was enthralled with cruise ships and wanted to watch their comings and goings.
Within three months, Reye, a mega-millionaire real estate investor, had married Anna and adopted Peter as his own.  They married on her twenty-third birthday, and the newlyweds dramatically contrasted each other.  Anna was dark skinned and youthful.  Reye was fifty-three, and although he loved the sun, his skin was rarely darker than beige.  Combined with his near white hair, he couldn’t have looked more out of place when standing next to Anna.
The contrasting appearances mattered little to the Quinns.  Pete’s skin wasn’t as dark as Anna’s, but there was no mistaking his resemblance to her.  Although Pete’s biological father was Caucasian, he had picked up little genetically from the man, other than a subtle hint of blue in his eyes. 
Reye Quinn had not ever been married before, had no children, and loved Anna’s six year old son dearly.  Likewise, Pete worshipped the only father he had ever known.  The Quinn father and son duo became inseparable.   
Reye, Anna, and Pete lived a good life.  There was sufficient money for all of them to enjoy the better things and want for nothing.  Reye’s favorite hobby was to hunt on safari in Africa.  Pete took up the sport with his father and the pair would jet off to Africa several times each year.  It was during these years that Pete learned how to efficiently and humanely kill prey.
When he was fifteen, Pete asked Anna about his biological father.  Anna lost her composure and told him never to ask again.  Undeterred, he said he would find out on his own.  
Anna feared Pete’s search would result in them being found.  She had no choice but to tell her son the story of her teenage years.  She begged him never to dig too deeply.  There was too much risk.  Should the father find out about them, it could be lethal.
She explained that his biological father, Karl Remons, was an evil, dangerous, and powerful man.
Chapter 35
It was 1:09 PM.
Albert returned to the coffee shop and handed Veronica a twenty dollar bill.  He said, “You can’t live Elizabeth’s life for her.  You know that, right?”
Veronica said, “I know.  But, I don’t understand her sometimes.  She always talked about Karl Remons like he was the devil.  When he died, I thought we would be free of the corruption and dirty games all you business people seem to play.”
“Whoa, don’t lump me in that group,” Albert said, as he raised both of his hands in disagreement to her statement.  “I’m not one of them.”
“You may not think you are one of them, but I can see it in your eyes,” Veronica said.  “Don’t let it consume you Albert.  No good can come of it.  Sail away and enjoy life.”
Albert nodded.  The voice in his head said, “See?  I told you.  Sail away!”
Albert said, “I’m sailing over to Oakland this afternoon to see Sam.  You want to come along?”
Veronica ran around the counter and hugged him.  “Of course!  Give me ten minutes to lock up the safe and I’ll close the store early.  One of the few benefits of being the boss.  I can hang the ‘gone fishing’ sign and not worry about losing my job.”
Albert texted Sam.  “Running a little late.  I’ll send another text when I’m closer to the marina.  Veronica will be with me.”
Sam replied a moment later.  “No problem.  Plenty to do while I wait.”
Veronica’s cheerful disposition was in full color.  She bounced over.  “I’m ready.  Do you have sunscreen?  Should I bring some food?”
Albert laughed.  “Calm down.  Everything we need is aboard Teleport.  Let’s get going.”
Veronica turned off the lights.  Albert watched as she keyed the alarm code, 1-9-9-7.  They both exited the store.  Veronica closed the doors and locked up with the key.  
Albert said, “I didn’t tell you why your alarm code surprised me a few months ago, did I?”
“No,” Veronica said.  “I just remember it bothering you little bit.  What’s the story?”
“Let’s get moving.  I’ll tell you while we walk.”  
Albert spent the next few minutes talking about his father’s death in 1997.  By this point, they had arrived at the Dock 14 security gate.  Albert excused himself momentarily and accessed the masthead camera.  He panned it around the marina, noticed no concerns, and unlocked the gate.
“After you,” Albert said.  “I live in the boat at the end of the street.”
Veronica smiled at him.  “Thank you, sir.”  She trotted down the dock ahead of Albert.
As they neared Teleport, Albert said, “Hang on a second.  I need to turn off the alarms.”
Albert stepped up on the deck and walked to the starboard bridge door.  As he approached, the sensors detected the magnetic card in his pocket.  Subsequently, he pressed his thumb on the discretely hidden location near the door and the secondary latch unlocked.  He slid the door open and stepped down into the bridge.  Then, Albert pressed six digits into the small keypad located on the overhead console.  
Now in occupied and docked mode, Teleport’s warning lights stopped flashing and the alarms on the bridge stopped beeping.  Albert glanced around the bridge.  Jagsy wasn’t to be seen, at least not yet.
He stepped back up on the deck and extended his hand to Veronica.  She reached out and took his hand.  Albert pulled her up on Teleport’s deck.  
“Make yourself at home.  It will take a few minutes to get us out of here.”  Albert added, “By the way, there’s a rotten cat aboard somewhere.  He’s harmless.”
“Where is he?  I love cats.”  Veronica stepped down into the bridge and disappeared down the forward companionway stairs.
Albert followed her into the bridge, but stopped there.  He reached upward and retrieved the departure checklist.  It was a laminated plastic card stored on the bridge ceiling.  He had a departure routine to follow.
First he checked the electrical systems.  This included the batteries and charging systems.  Four separate battery circuits, with two of them controlling the twin 150 horsepower Perkins turbo diesels, while also powering the heavy-duty electric sail control motors.  Labeled Starting 1 and Starting 2, he depressed the self test buttons.  All good.
Next, he checked the other two circuits, called House 1 and House 2.  These batteries supplied juice for all of the electronics, lighting, water systems, and bilge pumps.  The circuits were redundant.  He only needed House 1 or House 2.
It was Monday, so he set the starting circuit to Starting 2.  The main power was set to House 1.  Albert kept the batteries in rotation, based on the day of week.  A small chart glued to the panel kept everything clear.  Albert turned on the lower port side monitor and checked the remaining electrical systems.  Everything looked good.
“Time to wake up, boys,” Albert said to the twin engines.  The Perkins brothers were always ready for action.  He started the port engine and immediately followed with the starboard engine.  Double checking all systems on the right side lower monitor, he was now ready to shove off.
Albert stepped out of the bridge and onto the starboard deck.  He unplugged the two 30 amp umbilicals and tossed the heavy wire on the dock.  Then, he walked up to the bow, lifted the docking line off its cleat, and tossed it on the dock.  At the same time, he unhooked the forward spring line and tossed it on the dock.  Finally, he walked back to Teleport’s aft section and tossed off the aft dock lines.
Albert returned to the bridge, pushed both the throttles forward, and eased the engines to 700 RPMs.  At the same time, he turned the large Edson wheel to port and briefly depressed the Bow Thrust - Starboard Push.  Teleport moved gracefully away from Dock 14.
He heard Veronica coming up the forward companionway stairs.  As she emerged, he could see Jagsy nestled in her arms.  
“Albert, he’s beautiful!  What a great traveling companion.”
It was a nice afternoon for a sail.  Teleport passed out of the marina and entered the rougher waters of San Francisco Bay.  The winds were blowing from the west.  Albert pointed the bow into the wind and motored slowly forward.  He depressed the Main-Unfurl button on the console, holding the button in place until the mainsail was fully drawn from its hidden position in the mast.
Next, Albert depressed the Headsail-Unfurl button.  The large 150% Genoa rolled out and flailed in the breeze.  Immediately, Albert turned the wheel to starboard, heading east toward Treasure Island.  Then, he shut down the diesel engines.  Teleport heeled over hard to starboard.  Glancing at the one of the 12” overhead displays, Albert noticed they were at 28 degrees.  
Veronica lost her balance.  Jagsy jumped from her arms and onto the dashboard area behind the bridge windshield.  She grabbed the companionway handrail for stability.  “Albert, you enjoy this?  It’s scary.”
Albert laughed.  “You get used to it.”  
He depressed the Headsail-Starboard-Ease button.  The large sail moved from a close hauled position to a broad reach.  The sail flew beautifully off the starboard bow above the Bay waters.  At the same time, he depressed the Traveler To Starboard button.  He watched as the mainsail held its tension, but moved to the right side of the ship.  Finally, he eased the mainsail to set a balanced ratio with the headsail by pressing the Mainsail-Ease button.
With the sails eased, Teleport moved more upright.  The indicated heel angle was 11 degrees.
Teleport’s lower right side monitor flashed a message: Waypoint in 0.1 miles.  Engage autopilot?
Albert pressed the Yes icon on the glass touch screen with his right hand.  He lifted his left hand from the Edson wheel.  Teleport took control for this portion of the trip.
Veronica had watched closely.  “Teleport sails itself?”
“Herself,” Albert corrected Veronica.  “Yes, she is capable of doing a lot on her own.  Earlier today, I determined the sailing plan, based on the weather conditions and intended destination.  Teleport’s computers figured out the rest for me.”
He continued, “Sailing for days on end is tough.  I sailed the trip back from Cabo San Lucas non-stop; more than one thousand miles.  I could have done it without Teleport’s technology.  But, it would have been very tiring.”
“Nice,” said Veronica.
Albert reached around Veronica standing in the companionway.  He opened the port side bridge door.
“She’s got it under control.  We can walk out on the deck.”  He pointed to the port deck.  “Stay on the high side.  The left or port side will be safer.  Always keep at least one hand gripping something on Teleport.  I don’t want to stop and fish you out of the cold waters.”
“Aye, aye, Captain.”
Chapter 36
After Quinn left the coffee shop, he strolled through the shops along Pier Marina for an hour.  He reflected on how, in just a few short days, he would be the sole owner of the company formerly known as Remons Global.  This was in addition to owning the real estate assets of his father’s former company.  
Now his immediate task was to eliminate Rebecca from the equation.  He no longer needed Bill’s support.  And, with the negotiation included in principle with Albert, he no longer needed Rebecca’s support.
He reached The Embarcadero and turned left along the boardwalk.  Quinn felt almost like he was floating down the sidewalk.  As he was approaching the BMW, he noticed a slip of paper stuck underneath the wiper blade on the driver’s side.  First, he assumed it to be some type of parking ticket.  As he drew closer to the vehicle, he could tell it was an envelope.
Quinn lifted the wiper blade and removed the envelope.  He stepped back up on the curb, found a nearby bench, and sat down.  He stared at the outside of the sealed envelope.  
It read, “My Invitation?”
He exhaled.  “My Invitation,” he said to himself.  "What does that mean?"
Quinn held the envelope skyward and attempted to determine the contents without opening it.  He twisted it.  As far as could be determined, only a small piece of paper was inside.  Pete broke the seal and peeled back the flap.  Inside, there was a single half sized sheet of stationary, folded trifold style.  
He removed the paper, carefully unfolded it, and read the words to himself.  Suddenly, it dawned on him as to who was the sender.  
He was facing away from The Owner.  Quinn stood up, slowly turned around, and looked up at the bow of The Owner.  Rebecca was standing on the nose of the ship.  An attendant was standing next to her holding the always required umbrella above her head.
Once more, Quinn looked down at the note.  Aloud, he quietly read, "I didn't receive it (my invitation).  You met Pabek without me.  Not smart.  Betrayal is not an option.”
He turned his back to The Owner and tried to ignore Rebecca’s stare.  Quinn folded up the note and stuffed it into one of the rear pockets on his Quinn Azure custom died blue jeans.  
Rebecca was smart; every person that had ever met her immediately sensed the extreme intelligence level she possessed.  Quinn was concerned about the note on his windshield.  He was worried that it could be a diversionary tactic.  Knowing Rebecca's technology focused brain, he worried that his car was now bugged, or otherwise being tracked by her.
He sat back down on the bench and contemplated the possibilities.  He thought of his condo downtown.  Rebecca had, just in the past day, been there on two occasions.  It would've been easy - in fact too easy - for her to place listening devices or hidden cameras in his penthouse.
He looked at the phone in his hand and mentally retraced his steps during the past few days.  Quinn was highly protective of his mobile phone.  The phone contained most of his business details and the master plan.  It was password coded, as well as double encrypted.  Beyond not remembering having left his phone unattended, Quinn did not believe it was easily possible for her to see the contents. 
Nonetheless, just to be safe, Pete turned off the phone and removed the battery.  He dropped the phone and its battery into the left pocket of his cardigan sweater.  He had two additional duplicate phones in the hidden safe at the penthouse.  Both phones were powered up at all times and synced with the phone he had just disabled.  He would retrieve one of the backup phones after returning home.
At the moment, he needed to make a phone call.  He got up from the bench and walked back to Pier Marina.  One of the vendors in the shopping kiosks and small stores sold phone accessories, music players, headphones, and, of course, disposable mobile phones.
Quinn walked up to the electronics store, briefly considered two different phones, and then picked one.  He dropped the phone on the counter, and said, "I'll take this. Is there a discount for cash?"
The disinterested store employee replied, “Nope. Price is always the same.  You want it or not?"
"I'll take it,” Pete replied.
“Okay.  That’ll be $35.42 for the phone. Want some minutes, too?” The clerk pointed at the tiny carousel of plastic cards spinning on the counter.
Quinn hastily grabbed a prepaid card with one hundred minutes of airtime.  He said, “This one is fine.” 
Obviously bored, the clerk took the card from his hand and scanned it with the barcode reader.  He said, “The total now is $56.14.”
Quinn pulled out his wallet and removed three twenty dollar bills from it.  He handed the money to the clerk.  The clerk punched a few numbers into the cash register and the drawer opened.
He said, “Thank you.  Your change is $3.86.”
“Keep it, buddy.”
He picked up the phone and the phone card from the counter, exited the store, and located a nearby table.  Then, he scanned the area looking for anyone suspicious that may be following or listening to him.  He opened the box, removed the phone, installed the battery, and pressed the power button.
Once powered, he entered the prepaid account number from the card.  The phone asked for his nine digit authorization code to confirm his prepaid account.  Quinn used the edge of his finger to scratch away the aluminum coating necessary to hide the second authorization code.  He typed in the numbers.  Sixteen seconds later, the phone screen indicated there was one hundred minutes available.
Again, he glanced around the area where he sat, just to double check no one was within earshot.
First, he sent a text message to his pilot.  
It read, “Quinn here.  Alternate phone.  Leave tonight for home.  She will be ready to depart at 12:00 PM Miami time tomorrow.  Text me your return flight plan after it is filed.  I want to know the anticipated arrival time at Hayward.” 
The pilot responded instantly.  “Yes, sir.  We will depart within the hour.”
It was time for Quinn to report his progress and begin the next phase of his master plan.  He began dialing a number.  The area code was 305.  The location was Miami, Florida.
He finished dialing the number.  The phone rang four times before the intended recipient answered.  Obviously not recognizing the disposable phone’s number, the person answered questioningly, “Hello?”
Quinn said, “Hello, Mamma.  Our time has arrived.  The jet will be waiting for you at noon tomorrow.”
Anna Quinn replied, “Good work, my precious son.  Are you prepared to face the monster?”
“Yes, Mamma.”

Chapter 37
The former colleagues reached the parking garage where Elizabeth kept her car.  Reserved parking spaces were limited in the downtown area.  The garage was three blocks from the Lombard apartment. 
“Let’s get some breakfast,” Elizabeth said.  “It will help your hangover.”
She unlocked the doors with the key fob.  Elizabeth was modest about her wealth.  Very modest.  Her car was a five year old Toyota Tacoma double cab truck.  Painted beige, the truck blended in wherever she drove it.  No one would guess how much money Elizabeth actually possessed, including Veronica.
Bill gingerly slipped into the passenger seat.  He said, “Sounds good.  It will give us a chance to talk.”
Elizabeth started the engine.  After exiting the garage, they headed for the Oakland Bay Bridge.
She said, “What happened?  I’ve known you for a long time.  You are better than this.”
Rubbing his eyes, Bill said, “I miss Remons and the old days.  It was life on the edge.  Now, everything is so mundane.”
The backside of Elizabeth’s right hand hit Bill in the face.  Twice in one day he had been smacked.  She said, “Don’t you ever say that again.  I’ll kick your ass out of my car, and out of my life for that matter.  I hated that bastard!”
“I’m sorry, Liz.  That was an inconsiderate comment.  I miss the excitement that Remons created.  I do not miss the man, himself.”
That matter settled, Bill said, “I’ve got nothing.  Malcona fired me.  Quinn double-crossed me.  I’ve alienated Roland and Albert.”
“You have more than nothing.  Don’t try playing that line of shit on me, Bill.  How much did you embezzle out of Remons Global?”
Bill shook his head.  “It’s gone.”
“What are you talking about?  I know of at least four million that vanished into your pockets in the last two years alone.”
“Vegas, Liz.  It’s an evil place.”
“No way, Bill!  You blew the cash in Vegas?  What the hell is wrong with you?”
“Like I said, Liz.  Excitement.  Thrills.  It all costs money.”
Elizabeth went quiet.  She couldn’t believe what Bill was saying.  But she anticipated correctly Bill’s next question.
Bill asked, “How much do you have?”
She wasn’t sharing that information.  Bill was not going to blow her money, too.  She lied.  “Not enough to help you.  I’ve poured most all of it into the new store downtown.  The permits, architects and construction are costing a fortune.”
“Don’t lie to me,”  Bill sternly said.  “I helped you.  Now, you have to help me.”
Elizabeth heard enough in his voice.  It was a threat; plain and simple.  They were nearing the Berkley Marina.  Suddenly, she had no appetite.  Not for breakfast.  Definitely not for Bill’s behavior.
Without saying anything, she passed by shoreside restaurant and continued on to the marina.
“Where are you going?”
“I’m not hungry.  You need a shower and some rest.  Sober up.  Pick me up for dinner tonight and we can talk.”
Bill said, “I don’t have a car.”
“Figure it out, Bill.  You aren’t helpless.”
Elizabeth pulled into the marina parking lot.  “Pick me up at 8:00 PM.”
Bill took that as his cue to get out.  “Okay.  I hope you are in a better mood tonight.”  
He opened the door, climbed out, and watched Elizabeth drive away.  Bill ambled across the parking lot and to the security gate.  He fumbled with the dock key against the lock.  The key slipped from his fingers falling to the dock below his feet.  Bill dropped to the dock reaching desperately for the key.  His reflexes were too slow.  The key joined Lawrence’s quarter in the waters beneath the dock.
“To hell with everyone!” Bill screamed.  “How shitty can this day actually get?”
He didn’t bother to get up from the dock.  Instead, he stretched out and fell asleep.
Sometime later, the guard said, “Mr. Shefford.  Wake up, please.”
Bill rolled over, opened his eyes, and gazed skyward.  It was one of the security guards that routinely patrolled the marina.  Not bothering to get up, Bill said, “Hi, John.  I dropped my key in the water.  I was laying here wishing it out of the water, I guess.”
He sat up and used the gate as leverage to return to his feet.
“Can you open the gate for me?  I’ll pick up a replacement key later.”
“Sure, Mr. Shefford,”  John said.  “We seem to be having an epidemic on dropped keys.  There was another fellow that did the same thing earlier today.”
Bill was ignoring John.  The gate was open.  That was all he needed from the man.  He waved at him, stepped beyond the gate, and headed for the sailboat.
Reaching his boat, he stepped up on the Beneteau’s deck.  The hatch was open.  He’d been vandalized.  Bill jumped into the cabin.  He searched for the guns.  They were missing.
“Damn it!”
Bill climbed back to the cockpit and hurriedly jumped to the dock.  He ran back to the security gate, pushed it open, and ran across the grass toward the security guard.  
“John!” He yelled.
John looked around and spotted Bill.  “Mr. Shefford?  Everything okay?”
“Someone broke into my boat.  Who did you let through the gate this morning?”
John went on the defensive.  “Listen, Mr. Shefford.  He was a tenant.  I’m sure of it.  He dropped his key.  Just like you did.”
“What did he look like?  How do you know he was tenant?  Did he show you identification?”
Sheepishly, the security guard said, “Well, I think he was a tenant.  I don’t remember exactly what he looked like.  White guy.  Probably in his thirties.  Less than six foot tall.  He was shorter than me.  Red hair.  Curly.  He was wearing a Detroit Tigers baseball cap.  That’s all I remember.”
Bill had heard enough.  Lawrence Stone was in town.  Bill began to wonder what else Albert had up his sleeve.
John could see the rage brewing inside of Bill.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Shefford.  I’ll call the police immediately and get them out here to investigate.”
“You’ll do no such thing, John,” Bill said quietly.  “You dumbass.  I should have you fired.”
“Mr. Shefford.  Please.  I need this job.  It’s all I have.”
Bill stepped a half pace closer, and said, “You owe me, John.  Don’t ever forget it.  I’ll need to collect at some point.  Understand?”
“Yes, sir.  Again, I’m sorry.”
Bill ignored the last apology.  He had already turned away and was headed for the sailboat.
As he was walking, Bill took out his phone and called Mummer.
Mummer answered within a half ring.  “Yes, sir.”
“Where are you at?”
“At Pier Marina.  I just watched Pabek sail away from Dock 14.”
Bill said, “Where’s he going?  I want to talk to him.”
“I don’t know.  But, Veronica was with him.  You know, Elizabeth’s sister?”
Bill reached the sailboat.  He carefully climbed up on the deck, and then sat down in the cockpit.  He said, “Which direction were they headed?  Out to the Pacific?”
“No, sir.  Looks like they were headed toward Berkley.  Possibly, more south toward Oakland.  I lost sight of them.”
“Okay.  Stay near Dock 14.  As soon as they return, call me immediately.”
“Yes, sir.”
Bill pressed the End Call icon.  He placed the phone in a pocket located on the front of the binnacle.  Then, he climbed down the companionway stairs.
 He dug around in the refrigerated ice chest and pulled out a bottle of vodka.  Bill then removed a coffee cup from the sink, rinsed it out twice, dropped in some ice cubes, and filled it to the rim with vodka.
Partially climbing up the companionway steps, Bill leaned forward and placed the cup on the port side lazarette bench.  Then, he stepped back down to the galley and searched for some food.  He noticed a pizza advertisement taped to the wall and opted for hot food.
Ripping the pamphlet from the wall, Bill climbed back up the companionway, picked up his phone, and dialed the number.
“Rick’s Pizza!  Best in the West!  What can I get for you?”
“Yes, this is Bill Shefford.  I’m at Berkley Marina.  Dock C.  Slip 19.  I want the Large, Every Animal Imaginable.  Extra Cheese.”
“Sure thing, Mr. Shefford.  It’ll be 45 minutes.  Total is $22.51.  Anything else?”
“That’s it.  Thanks.”
Bill pressed the End Call icon and sat down on the starboard bench.  He reached across the cockpit, retrieved the coffee cup full of vodka, and drank a big gulp.  Leaning back, he began to think through the events of the past few days.
Bill and Malcona had not been seeing eye to eye for months.  Yet, coincidentally or not, she fired him the day after Albert arrived.  On the same day, Lawrence had broken into Bill’s sailboat and stolen his guns.  Then, there was the car that had been possibly following him.
It was too much activity in such a short period of time.  Albert was up to no good; this time it wasn’t against Remons.  It was against him.
“Fuck you, Albert,” Bill said, as he looked west across San Francisco Bay.
Bill began wondering about Roland.  Was he in on it, too?
He picked up the phone and found Roland’s number.  Pressing the Call Now icon, Bill said to himself, “Don’t betray me, old friend.  I won’t put up with it from you.”
The phone rang six times.  Bill was about to press the End Call icon, when Roland answered.
“Hey, Bill.  How are you?”
Bill swallowed another large gulp of the iced vodka.  “Doing fine, Roland.  How’s the life of a Bahamian ship captain?”
“It’s really mundane, buddy.  Every day, the water is a beautiful blue, the sands are crystal white, and the breezes blow warm.  How’s California?  You taking care of my nephew?”
Bill smirked to himself.  “Albert’s causing some trouble around here.  He’s trying to sell RPW to this Quinn character.  I got fired this morning because of it.”
Roland said, “I’m sorry to hear that.  Albert caused you to get fired?  What happened?”
“Cut the crap, Roland.  I’m sure Albert told you.”
Silence.  
Bill said, “Roland?”
“I’m here.  Why are you jumping on me?”
“Your nephew is ruining my career.  What are you going to do about it?”
“Bill, I doubt very seriously that Albert is ruining your career.  Why don’t we go on a fishing trip sometime soon and talk about it?  I’m busy for the next few weeks, but we can do something in late October.”
“Where are you at right now?” Bill asked a direct question.  He doubted Roland could deceive him, even hiding behind a telephone connection.
“Just drifting between drop off points.  Have a lot of deliveries today.”
“Where at?  Nassau or some other island?”
“No, I don’t make too many deliveries to Nassau.  Mainly Freeport, and then some of the smaller islands.  Nassau is serviced by a competing line.”
“How long until —”
“Hey, Bill.  I’m sorry.  Reaching a dock and need to go.  Call me later.”
Roland hung up on Bill.
Bill tossed his abused phone into the cabin.  Still, it did not break.  He drank the remaining vodka in his cup, leaned back, and closed his eyes.  
It was only for a second, or so he thought.
The pizza delivery guy said, “Mr. Shefford?”
Bill snapped his head forward and jumped up.
“Sorry to startle you, sir.  I’m here with your pizza.  The guard let me in.  He’s waiting for me to leave, so that he may lock the gate… sir.”
Bill grunted something incomprehensible.  He dug the wallet out of his pants pocket, pulled out a twenty and a five, and handed them to delivery boy.  “Keep it.”
The delivery guy was expecting a more generous tip.  He gave Bill a dirty look.
Bill rethought his tip.  He pulled another five out and begrudgingly handed it the guy.  “Go away.”
“Whatever, dude.  Enjoy the pie.  And, drink some more.  Hopefully it will improve your disposition.”
Bill snatched the pizza from his hands and climbed down the companionway stairs.  He placed the box on the galley counter and opened it up.  He was starving.
Two large slices gone, and now two sheets to the wind, Bill poured another cup of vodka and moved the pizza box to the cockpit.  He clumsily climbed the steps and plopped back on the bench.  
Twenty minutes later, most of the pizza, all of the vodka, and all of Bill were gone.





Chapter 38
After she kicked Bill out of her car at Berkeley Marina, Elizabeth returned to downtown, parked her car in the garage, and walked back to Pier Marina.  She didn’t walk with any purpose, but she did want to talk with Veronica.  Elizabeth wasn’t happy with the way her sister was interjecting opinions on Dad’s Coffee & More #2.  
The long stroll served a good purpose.  Elizabeth’s anger softened.  She realized that Bill’s rapid fall from CEO to the unemployment line was really not her worry.
“I don’t want to end up like Bill,” she said to herself.  “Stand up, but be strategic in my actions.  That’s what I must do.”
Elizabeth spent eight years as Karl Remons’ secretary, whore, and more.  During this time, she learned a lot about business; how it works, and who works it.  She was a survivor; an adapter.
Adapters in the workplace typically have a moral compass, but these individuals also have a keen sense for the political wind shifts.  The wind shifts are subtle and are missed by most.  
It’s like a group of surfers floating in the cold Pacific waters, just waiting for the perfect wave.
The perfectionist sits for hours watching as wave after wave passes.  He or she lets each one go by, thinking, ‘another will follow and it will be the best of the day’.  In contrast, the adapter knows that the perfect wave may never come.  More clearly, the adapter knows that the goal is staying in front of the action; not sitting around waiting for a bright flashing light to scream, “NOW”.
 So, Elizabeth, the adapter, made her way through the shops scattered along the pier.  She reached the coffee shop with the intention of talking to Veronica about the new store downtown.  When she reached Dad’s Coffee & More, Elizabeth was surprised to see the closed sign hanging in the door.  It wasn't like Veronica to close up very often.  
She rummaged through her large purse and found the phone.  While walking away from the coffee shop and heading back to The Embarcadero, she sent a text message to Veronica.  It read, “Are you at home?  Just left the coffee shop.  Everything okay?”
Elizabeth reached The Embarcadero, turned left, and strolled down the boardwalk toward The Owner’s private dock.  At the dock, she turned left, again, and walked confidently to the ship’s gangway.  
Sitting in a collapsible chair, the kind soccer moms lug to Saturday games with their kids, was Raul.  Raul was one of the guards working aboard The Owner.  He was a former heavy for Karl Remons; one of the fortunate few to survive his Remons Global career and also get a follow-on job with Rebecca Edwards.
Elizabeth said, “Hi, Raul.  Is Rebecca on board?"
"Yeah, sure.  She's here.  How have you been?"
"Not bad.  A lot better since Remons is gone, I guess."
Raul smiled, and said, “So what are you wanting to see her about?" 
“I heard about Rals Farley.  Just coming by to express my condolences.”
Raul laughed.  “No, you are not.  I know better.  The two of you didn't get along.  I know that."
Elizabeth nodded.  “You know me all too well.  I want to talk business with Rebecca.  There’s some information she will be interested to hear.  Will you tell her that I am out here?  I’ll wait.”
"Sure thing.  Hang on.” 
Raul worked his way out of the canvas sling chair, walked up the gangway, and disappeared into the darkness of the ship.  A minute or so passed, and then he returned.  
“She’s available to see you.”
"Thanks, Raul."  
Rebecca was walking up the gangway, when Raul said, “She’s in the master stateroom.  I think you know the way.  Right?”
Elizabeth said, “Of course.  Unfortunately.  Thanks again."
Raul, like most of the attendants, goons, and employees ‘in the know’ at Remons Global, had been aware of Elizabeth’s frequent trips to the master stateroom of The Owner.
 Remons may have been dead for three months, yet it still felt as if yesterday to Elizabeth.  The walk through the ornate and well lit hallway of The Owner left her with confused feelings of nostalgia and anger.  
Elizabeth walked along the port side corridor and soon reached the forward staircase on Deck 1.   Below her feet, the monstrous ship had another deck, known as Deck 0.  The crew, and Elizabeth for that matter, referred to it as ‘the basement’.  The basement contained the ship’s propulsion, mechanical, electrical, and water management systems.  
She climbed the elegant staircase, stopping at Deck 2.  From this point, she walked to the stern of the ship.  The corridor on Deck 2 was positioned on the fore-to-aft centerline of The Owner.  Along the hallway, there were ten doors scattered on either side.  The function of the rooms behind each door varied.  Six of the rooms were cabins or sleeping compartments; each with its own bathroom.  The remaining rooms included the armory and walk-in safe, a large conference room, a common living area, and the computer & communication systems.
Elizabeth reached the end of the hall.  Immediately in front of her was a pair of large double doors.  She knew the giant stern garage was behind the doors.  It sent a shiver up her spine, as she remembered the last time she ran through those doors with Veronica, fearing for their lives and on the run from Karl Remons.  To her left, on the starboard side of the ship, was the aft public staircase.  
She walked up, step by step, and reached Deck 3.  She was now standing in a large atrium.  The Owner’s master stateroom doors were to her left.  To her right another hallway that led forward to the remainder of the deck.
Deck 3 was the entertaining and guest deck.  It featured the galley, a large formal dining room that stretched across the complete beam or width of the ship, as well as a formal entertainment room, complete with a grand piano and fully stocked bar.
Beyond the formal areas and the galley, the forward staircase and the command bridge were accessible.  The public staircases, both fore and aft, as well as the master stateroom’s staircase, each provided access to Deck 4, also known as the Upper Deck.  Deck 4 was nearly two basketball court lengths fore to aft.  It featured the helipad and casual seating areas around it.
The doors to the master suite were open.  Elizabeth walked into the room.  Rebecca was sitting on the right side of one of the large leather sofas in the sitting area.  She heard Elizabeth’s footsteps and looked up from her computer.  
Dropping the laptop on the sofa, she stood up, and said, “Hello, Liz.  Good to see you.”
"Hi, Becky.  How have you been?”
Rebecca and Elizabeth were more than business acquaintances.  They had shared Karl Remons.  To be certain, Elizabeth had no love interest Karl Remons.  She was his whore and nothing more.  Elizabeth knew that.  So did Rebecca.   In the last few years, the two women had gone from hating each other to establishing their own private friendship, almost a support group, as a result of their complicated and intertwined relationship with Karl Remons.
Rebecca said, “Would you like something to drink?"
"Some water, please.”
Rebecca motioned to her attendant.  He was standing on the other side of room.  “Bring Ms. Williams a bottle of carbonated water.”  She knew Elizabeth’s preferences.  “For me, I would like a fresh cup of coffee." 
The attendant placed a cup below the spout of the expensive single serving coffee maker.  He selected Rebecca’s preferred blend, placed it in the machine, and initiated the brewing sequence.  While it was brewing, he removed a cold bottle of water from the refrigerator in the lounge area.  Finally, he placed both the water and the just brewed coffee on a serving tray.  The tray, carried by the attendant, made its way across the room and was placed on the coffee table.
Rebecca said, “Leave us, please. Close the doors behind you.”
She motioned to the sofa.  “Sit, please.”
Elizabeth and Rebecca settled onto the sofa.  Rebecca opened the bottle of water and poured the contents into a glass on the serving tray.
Sipping her coffee, Rebecca asked, “Liz, tell me.  How have you been?  How is the new store construction coming along?"
“Frankly?  I’m bored, bored, bored.” Elizabeth said.  “I know that I should be happy about the store opening.  But… Well, I’m not."
Rebecca said, "I understand. It's a far cry from running a global empire, isn't it?"
Elizabeth nodded.  "That's not why I'm here, though.  I'm not complaining.  It was what I chose to do." 
She got to the point.  “RPW fired Bill Shefford today.”
Rebecca was surprised.  She was surprised not to know.  And she was surprised Elizabeth knew first.  She asked, “What was going on at the coffee shop earlier?  I noticed Albert Pabek talking with Quinn.”
"That's the real reason why I am here.  That guy, Quinn… You know he’s going to cut you out of his company, right?"
Laughing, Rebecca said, “Correction.  He will try to cut me out.  Liz, you of all people know how much power I have, and how much control I can exert."
Elizabeth nodded.  “Sure.  But listen.  Albert negotiated a deal with his highness, Pete Quinn.  He agreed to buy RPW for two hundred and fifty million."
Silence.  Long, long silence ensued.
Elizabeth knew her friend, Rebecca, very well.  Rebecca's brain was like that of a super computer.  At that moment, Elizabeth watched as she processed the latest information.
"I'll kill him if he double crosses me.”  
Then, gaining her composure, Rebecca said, “Tell me more.”
“That’s really about it.  Other than Albert does not want to be here."  Elizabeth took a drink from the glass of bubbly water.  "Oh, I did forget something.  Bill and Quinn have, or had, something going together."
Rebecca was puzzled.  
Elizabeth could tell that Rebecca had no idea what she was talking about.
She continued, “When Quinn and Bill arrived to the coffee shop together, it looked as if someone had just punched Bill in the face.  I asked him about the injury.  He blamed the guards at RPW for tossing him out on the curb.  He was in pretty bad shape.  Definitely hungover, probably still drunk.”
“Anyway,” Elizabeth said, “at one point in the discussion, Quinn commented that he didn't need Bill any longer.  Then, Bill said something about Cobalt.  At that point, Quinn rudely told him to shut up.”
"Cobalt?" Rebecca asked. "What does that mean?"
"I don't know, Becky.  Is it some kind of codeword?”
Rebecca picked up the laptop from the sofa’s armrest.  She said, “Hang on a second." 
She began to query the names Cobalt, Bill Shefford, and Pete Quinn.  Nothing came out for the “must include all phrases” search.  She changed the search to Cobalt and Quinn.  Nothing came up.  Next, she modified the search to Cobalt and Shefford.
One response popped up.  It was linked to a corporate document in Nevada.  Now, Rebecca had a breadcrumb along a trail leading to the land of understanding.
Rebecca opened a custom designed application.  She had built it herself.  She put in her credentials and began searching government computers operated by any government entity operating in Nevada.  These were not publicly available computers.  She was hacking into state government intranets.  Rebecca’s programs exploited pinholes in the various servers.  
Some of the pinholes had been created years ago by Rebecca, as far back as when she attended MIT.  She had hidden pinhole portals in thousands of computers during the past ten years.    
A few minutes passed, and then the answer came.  Rebecca read through the file.  She was pissed.  Quinn had double-crossed her.
“Cobalt,” she said triumphantly, “is a reference to Cobalt Industries, a Nevada formed LLC.  It was formed two months ago.  The sole managing director is Bill Shefford.”
Elizabeth said, “Bill made mention of their deal with Cobalt.  Were Bill and Quinn attempting to buy or steal RPW through Cobalt Industries?”
"Most likely.”  Fuming mad, Rebecca said, “Quinn is dead.  Mark it on the calendar.”
Then, she said, “Excuse me for a moment.”  She rose from the sofa and walked to the bar.  She retrieved a bottle of champagne from the refrigerator, along with two glasses from the stemware rack above the countertop.  She returned to the sofa, unwrapped the bottle top, and popped the cork.  
After pouring a glass for each of them, she asked, “Liz, please tell me more about you.  Are you really bored with the coffee shop?  If it’s true, why don't you work for me?  It'll be like old times."
"Well, not exactly like old times, Becky."
“You’re right.  I know our respective relationships with Karl were complicated.”
The two women heard the engines, buried deep in the hull of The Owner, rumble to life.
Elizabeth asked, “I’m sorry.  Did I interrupt your plans today?  Where are you headed?”
“I’m not going anywhere.”  Rebecca pressed the attendant call button on the corner of the end table.
A few moments later, the attendant opened one of the doors and stepped into her room.  
“Yes, Ms. Edwards.”
“Why are the engines running?  Is it the captain doing some kind of testing?”
“I don’t know, ma’am.  Would you like me to check?”
Rebecca said, “Yes, please find out immediately.”
“Yes, ma’am.”  The attendant briskly exited the suite.
A moment later, the women heard the ship’s engines rev higher and felt the motion of a moving vessel.
“Becky, I need off the ship.  Can you ask them to wait?”
“I didn’t authorize a departure!”  She jumped from the sofa, ran to a phone at the wet bar, and pressed the button labeled Bridge.
The phone rang repeatedly.  No one answered.
The attendant returned.  He looked nervous.  He ran to the private staircase that led to the upper deck and pulled the hidden security door from its pocket in the wall.  He locked it and ran back to the foyer double doors.
Rebecca hung up the phone.  She demanded, “What the hell is going on?”
“Ms. Edwards.  I’m closing these doors behind me.  I cannot say what has happened aboard the ship.  We may have been hijacked.  You need to lock the doors behind me and engage the secondary security doors.
He disappeared down the public aft stairway.
Rebecca ran to the doors.  She pressed the button located under a cover labeled “Emergency”.  Immediately, a second set of steel doors slid from the wall pockets.
Elizabeth walked to the port side windows.  Dismayed and helpless, she watched as The Owner pulled rapidly away from its berth.
On the forward end of The Owner, Captain Jerrod Perry eased the throttles as the ship cleared the dock.  He moved the transmissions from reverse to forward, and then pushed the throttles to maximum speed.
As The Owner reached 20 knots per hour, Captain Perry reached for his mobile phone.  He texted a message to Pete Quinn.
It read, “Tanks are full.  We are underway.  See you in Orange County.”



Chapter 39
It was 4:42 PM.
Albert had Teleport’s port and starboard bridge doors open.  He and Veronica were standing on the bridge, and Jagsy was on top of the lower console, pressed against the window; asleep, as usual.
Veronica snuggled against Albert and laid her head on his shoulder. "Thanks for taking me for a sail today.  I’m really enjoying it out here with you.  Alone.”
Albert wrapped his left arm around Veronica’s waist and gave her a squeeze.  "My pleasure.  I'm glad to be able to bring this situation with RPW and Quinn to a quick close.  My battle ended three months ago.  Remons got what he deserved.  Now, I just want to enjoy life."
Albert desperately wanted to return to Cabo San Lucas.  His heart wasn't a part of this mess with Bill Shefford, Pete Quinn, Malcona Payne, and Rebecca Edwards.  During the next few days, Albert intended to rapidly broker the deal to conclusion, collect his cash, and sail for distant horizons.
In the meantime, though, he had a beautiful woman leaning on his shoulder.  Teleport was sailing confidently across the bay.  He hugged Veronica a little tighter.  In response, Veronica wrapped both her arms around his neck.  They kissed passionately, as Teleport sailed and Jagsy slept.
The wake from a passing boat crossed under Teleport’s keel and jostled the vessel.  Albert broke away from the embrace and surveyed the surroundings.
Veronica said, “I’m assuming you have a bottle or two of wine aboard this wonderful ship?”
Albert responded, “Certainly.  Do you have a preference?  I have a California Pinot Grigio in the refrigerator.  There's also a couple of reds in the pantry.  Cabernet Sauvignon and Pinot Noir.”
 Veronica said, “It’s too chilly today for the Pinot Grigio.  How about the Cab?”
"Sure.”  He scanned the surroundings again.  Then, he said, “If you should see a ship getting to near to us, just holler down the companionway.”
Albert placed his hands on Veronica’s hips and squeezed past her.  He climbed down the companionway stairs, walked across the salon, and entered the galley.  When he opened the lower cabinet of the pantry, a small LED light activated and it illuminated the tiny compartment.  Albert located the appropriate bottle, closed the door, and placed the bottle on the countertop.  
The bottle did not have a cork.  It was one of the new screw top bottles that wine snobs abhorred.    Albert didn't care what the fancy wine drinkers thought.  He liked the convenience of the screw top cap.  It was easy to open and easy to seal back up for safety.  A bottle with a half seated cork bouncing around in the pantry seemed less practical to him.  
Albert opened another cabinet and selected two unbreakable wine glasses.
On the bulkhead wall separating the salon and galley from the bridge, a single 19” glass touch screen display was mounted.  It was an exact match to the two large monitors installed in the lower console on the bridge.  The below decks display allowed Albert to monitor the ship systems while underway.  It was particularly useful on long passages, allowing him the freedom to stay below decks for extended periods.  
Albert walked over to the screen, activated it, and selected the option to show a 3D map and radar combination.  They were still several miles from Oakland, therefore there was still time to drink some wine.
The radar swept an immediate area around Teleport.  Albert noted there were six boats within a two mile radius of them.  His observations were merely casual.  Teleport would alert him if any of the objects were on a crash course.  In addition to the alarm, Teleport would take its own evasive actions, were Albert not available or interested in doing so on his own.  She had several self-preservation subroutines built into her computer systems.  
One of those subroutines was collision avoidance with any approaching vessel or other object.  If she determined the looming vessel was going to be unresponsive to the pending collision, Teleport’s computers would mathematically model probabilities of the looming vessel’s current heading and possible divergent paths it would take, should the vessel’s captain wake up to the pending disaster in the last moments.  
In essence, Teleport would make its final evasive moves based on predicting the knee jerk response of the other vessel.  
Albert took the wine and the two glasses up the companionway.
Veronica took the glasses from his hand.  She said, "I'll hold, you pour.”
Albert twisted off the cap and filled each glass generously.  He recapped the bottle and slipped it into one of the nylon stitched pockets attached to the back wall of the bridge below the rear window.
Veronica raised her glass, and said, “To my favorite sailor and hopefully future best friend."
Albert raised his glass in response.  “Thank you.”
The distance remaining alarm sounded.  They were two miles from Oakland Marina.  Albert switched off the autopilot and took the helm.  He was in the process of furling the sails, when his phone rang.
He picked up the phone from the lower console.  It was Sam.
“Hey, Sam.  Good timing.  We should be docked in the next fifteen minutes.”
Sam replied, “Sorry, Albert.  I’m stuck at work.  Bill’s sudden departure has resulted in chaos.  I can’t sail today.”
Albert was disappointed.  He really needed to talk with Sam about a few things regarding the looming acquisition.  But, there was no urgency.
“I understand.  Let’s sail tomorrow.  Why don’t you come over to Pier Marina after work?  I’ll grill us a couple of steaks, and we can sail until dark.”
“Sounds good.  Listen, I need to go.  Talk to you tomorrow.”
“Bye,” Albert said.  He turned to Veronica.  “Well, my friend stiffed me.  Guess it’s just us this evening.”
Veronica grabbed Albert’s face and kissed him.  “That works better for me.  I didn’t really want to spend the night on Teleport, if we were going to be hauling Sam around.  Now… Well, I don’t have to worry about him interrupting us.”
Albert smiled.  “Tell you what.  Give me ten minutes to reprogram Teleport’s computers.  I’ll have her sail us back to Pier Marina on autopilot.  I trust her to get us back safely.  With the currents and winds, though, we won’t make it back for several hours.  Is that okay?”
Veronica lifted her glass and grinned.  “Here’s to a nice evening together.”
As Albert finished programming the autopilot, Veronica climbed down the forward companionway stairs.  
Reaching the salon, she said, “Hurry up, Albert.  I want to see all of the rooms on Teleport.”
Chapter 40
“Unlock this door!”  
Rebeca was furious.  She was still trapped with Elizabeth in the master stateroom aboard The Owner.  
Elizabeth climbed down the remaining steps to the upper deck.  “The top hatch is locked.  Someone has us imprisoned in here!”
“What the hell is going on?” Rebecca said.  “I’m calling the police.”
Elizabeth looked at her friend.  “Becky?  Come on.  You know better than that.”
Rebecca picked up the receiver for one of the ship’s phones.  She called the bridge.  No one would answer.  She called the galley.  Again, no answer.
The Owner was passing under the Golden Gate Bridge.  Soon, they would be away from the cellular towers, and the phones would then only work if The Owner kept its repeater operating.  Based on being locked up in the stateroom, Elizabeth guessed the repeater was not going to be turned on.
She dug the mobile phone from her purse and texted a short message to Veronica.  It read, “Headed out for the afternoon on The Owner with Becky.  It’s a nice day to relax.  See you tonight.”
Looking up from the phone, she said, “I just sent Veronica a message.  Said we’re going out on The Owner.  She’ll know to send someone after us, assuming they don’t turn this ship around soon.”
“Liz, this is my ship!  I tell them when to leave.  Something has happened.  It’s Quinn…”  Rebecca began to consider other options.  “Or, it’s that Pabek character.  He’s up to no good!”
“Calm down, Becky.  Let’s figure this out together.”
Elizabeth looked at her phone.  Veronica had replied.  The message read, “Be careful.  I’m hanging out with Albert tonight.  Don’t wait up.  And, I don’t need a lecture either.  Love you.”
Rebecca picked up her mobile phone.  She scrolled the contacts, found Quinn’s contact and pressed the Call Now icon.  The phone immediately went to voicemail.  Quinn had his phone turned off.
Next, she called Mummer.  He should be on The Owner somewhere.
Mummer answered after two rings.  “Yes, ma’am?”
“Where are you at?  On the upper deck?  What the hell is going on?”
Mummer replied, “I’m not on The Owner.  I’ve been out following Pabek around.  Do you need me to come back to the ship?”
“Mummer!  The Owner sailed out twenty minutes ago.  I’m trapped on board!”
Mummer was silent for a moment.  Then, he said, “What should I do?”
“I don’t know.  Where are the boats?”
“There in the garage; aboard your ship.”
Rebecca was stumped.  “I don’t know.  Get another boat and follow us.  Figure out how to get me out of here.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Elizabeth called Bill.  He answered two rings later.  “What’s for dinner?  I have pizza left, I think.”
“Shut up, Bill.  Are you drunk?  Never mind.  I need your help.”  Elizabeth wasn’t sure how he was going to take the news of her location.
“What?  Why are you talking fast?  Is it 8:00 already?”
Elizabeth realized he was seriously drunk.  He probably began drinking as soon as she dropped him off in Berkley.
“I’m trapped aboard The Owner.  She’s sailing out to sea.  Me and Rebecca, we —”
“Rebecca?  The Owner?  You double crossing bitch!  How dare you!”
“Bill!  Shut up and listen to me.  I’m not double crossing you about anything.  I was here talking to Rebecca.  You know we are friends.  It doesn’t have shit to do with all this crap going on with you, RPW, and Quinn!”
Bill laughed.  “Bullshit!  I can’t help you.  But, tell me more.  You are sailing where?”
“I don’t know!  I need your help.  We’ve been locked in the master stateroom and someone, I don’t know who, is sailing the ship out to sea!  Do something!”
“I’m kinda busy at the moment, Liz.  Can I call you in the morning?”
“Please,” she pleaded with Bill.  “Do something.”
“I’m sure you are overreacting.  Call me tomorrow.  I gotta go.”
The phone went silent.  Bill had hung up on her.
Rebecca’s stateroom phone began to ring.  She grabbed the receiver.  
Boldly, she said, “Who is this?”
“It’s Quinn.  There’s been a few developments in the past couple of hours.”
Rebecca was seething with anger.  “What the fuck are you doing?”
“Settle down.  You are perfectly safe.”  Quinn continued, saying, “The Owner is headed for Southern California.  We have a meeting down there the day after tomorrow.”
“I don’t want to go to SoCal!  This is my ship, and I demand it return to San Francisco.”
“Well, it’s not going to do that.  Anyway, it’s my ship.  Not yours.”
“It belongs to both of us, asshole.”
Quinn replied, “No, technically, it belongs to me.  But, let’s not get into a pissing contest about the particulars.  We can discuss that matter in a couple of days.”
“I’m not being held hostage for two days!  Turn this ship around!”
“Rebecca, please calm down.  You and Elizabeth are perfectly safe.  Once The Owner is a sufficient distance from shore, the crew will let you out.  Both of you will be free to roam the ship.”
Rebecca went silent.
He continued.  “I can assure that no harm will come to either of you, as long as you behave.  By this point, your cell phones are out of range, so there’s no one to call.”
“Why are you doing this?” Rebecca asked.  “I don’t understand.”
“I have my reasons.  You are a dangerous one to be left loose in the wild.  I need to keep you caged up for a couple of days.  I want to make sure you can’t find an opportunity to kill me like you did Farley.”
“That wasn’t me.”
“I’m not dumb.”
“You may not be dumb.  But, know this.  Whomever killed Farley is probably after both of us.  Watch your back, asshole.”
Quinn changed the subject.  “Enjoy the trip.  I’ll see you soon.”
Elizabeth had listened to the conversation.  Rebecca had it on speakerphone.  
She said, “What are we going to do?  I don’t trust him.”
“Don’t worry.  I don’t trust him, either.  We have a few options available.”
Rebecca reached for her laptop.  She said, “I designed the computer systems aboard The Owner.  Remember?”


Chapter 41
Pete established Quinn Properties as a means to choke the life out of company, Remons Global, and then take the life of his father, Karl Remons.  He had planned to assassinate him at close range.  He had planned to say to him, “I am the son you tried to abort.”
He had planned many things.  
That was, until Albert Pabek showed up.
Quinn sat at the small table on the west balcony of his penthouse.  Deliberately, he sliced the smoked turkey breast, dipped it into a sauce heavily laced with horseradish, and placed the first bite in his mouth.
The pungent sauce seemed to flame through his sinuses and momentarily watered his eyes.  Though uncomfortable, he loved the taste and reaction from the horseradish.
He returned the fork to its resting spot on the table and lifted the wine glass.  He sipped the Sauvignon Blanc.  It was unimpressive and shallow.  Quinn made a mental note to first chastise his personal shopper.  Second, to visit the Sonoma Valley winery and complain about the poor quality.
He took another bite of the turkey, followed by several bright green blanched beans.  He again sat the fork in place and gazed westward.  From his penthouse, he could see the Pacific waters.  He imagined The Owner’s position in his head and smiled with happiness.
The phone laying on the table began vibrating.  It was Jerrod Perry.
Quinn pressed the Accept Call icon, and said, “Captain Perry.  How are things progressing?”
“Fine, Mr. Quinn,” Perry replied.  “We are on course.  All computer networks are disabled.  The satellite communications have been fortified and my phone is the only functioning device on the ship.”
“Excellent.”
“Sir, for our arrival, you have not provided instructions.  I’m sailing to Alamitos Bay, certainly.  But, will you be there when we arrive?”
“We can discuss the details tomorrow.  For the moment, please know there is already a slip prepared for The Owner.”
“Very well, sir.  One other thing.  Mummer wasn’t aboard when we sailed.”
“Where was he?  That was his assignment; to be aboard the ship.”
“I don’t know, sir.  He was AWOL when we left.  I couldn’t wait on him.  He didn’t answer his phone.”
“How many men do you have aboard?”
“All of them, except for Mummer.”
“Okay.  As the government is fond of saying, ‘Be Vigilant’.  Bye.”
Jerrod Perry had been The Owner’s second in command under Captain Roland Caltoan, until June 23, when Roland’s ruse about Homeland Security and his arrest had occurred.  Subsequently, Remons had appointed Perry the captain.
Following the seizure of The Owner, Perry was arrested, along with many of the other crew members.  Quinn had sufficient connections, spare money, and enough blackmail evidence in order to bribe the director at the local Homeland Security offices.  Perry, Mummer, and several other individuals Quinn felt important, were later released after charges were dropped.
Perry, along with Mummer, owed Quinn dearly for negotiating their releases.  They would be in his debt the remainder of their lives.  He would be certain of it.
Quinn’s gut was screaming, “Warning!”  Something just wasn’t right about Mummer.
Scrolling through his contacts, Quinn personally called Mummer.  Mummer answered, saying, “Yes, Mr. Quinn?”
“Why aren’t you on The Owner?”
“Sir…”  Mummer hesitated, formulating his lies on fly.  “She sailed away unexpectedly.  I was at the dentist.  A tooth was killing me.”
Quinn asked, “Who is your boss?”
“Sir?  You are, of course.”
“Are you certain I am your boss?  The one and only?”
Nervously, Mummer said, “Yes, sir.”
“Where are you now?”
“I’m downtown waiting on the ship to return.  Just finished a big steak dinner.”
Quinn didn’t bother to critique Mummer’s inability to lie effectively.  Dentist, tooth ache, and steak dinner were not well aligned.
“The Owner will not return for a few days.”  Changing the subject, Quinn said, “Since you are here, there’s something you will need to help me with in the morning.  I will call you.”
Quinn didn’t bother to tell Mummer the help that was needed.  He needed Mummer to die.  But, that was tomorrow.
Mummer replied, “Yes, sir.”
Quinn pressed the End Call icon.  He took another sip of the mediocre wine and thought about the events from three months earlier.
The first week of summer 2013 had been chaotic for Pete Quinn.  His company’s ownership of Remons’ Global properties, including the transportation assets like The Owner, the pair of Cessna Citation jets, and the helicopter, had long since been completed.  Every month, Remons Global was pouring out millions in lease payments to Quinn Properties.  The company, once flush with cash, was now burning money at a rapid pace; a result of the lease-back scheme.  He was less than two months away from choking Remons Global completely.
As Albert’s actions evolved during that first week of summer, Quinn watched the chaos on the news, as well as being kept up to date with reports provided by Farley and Rebecca.  Quinn had laughed at the situation with World Auto and the Destroyer production.  The occurrences that week had looked like just an unrelated group of bad luck events.  
That changed in Quinn’s mind during the early morning hours of June 24.  Farley had texted Quinn, waking him around 3:00 AM.  He said that Remons was selling the entire company to a group called RPW Corporation.
Quinn was floored.  It didn’t really impact Quinn Properties contracts with Remons Global.  In fact, it helped his overthrow of the company; accelerator clauses in the agreement took effect as a result of the change in control.  What upset him most was how it altered his plans to destroy Karl Remons.
He told Farley to keep him abreast of changes.  By 5:00 AM, he was reading the news releases about the sale.  Quinn texted Farley and asked what was happening.  Farley advised some disconcerting news.  Remons had been able to negotiate personally keeping title to The Owner, as part of his deal.  Farley believed Remons intended to leave the country immediately.
Remons was concerned for his safety and freedom.  The international money laundering partners were after him.  He presumed Homeland Security, along with the Internal Revenue Service, would soon follow.  
All Farley knew was The Owner would be sailing soon, and he had no knowledge of her destination.
From Farley’s viewpoint, he was upset Remons was attempting to leave aboard The Owner, as technically it was an expensive rental property owned by Quinn Properties.  He didn’t want his company’s asset sailing off to islands unknown.
Quinn was upset for a different reason.  He couldn’t kill a man that was about to vanish into obscurity.
Quickly, he devised a new plan.  Quinn sent an anonymous tip to Homeland Security.  In the tip, he indicated that he was a former employee of Remons Global having recently quit for ethical reasons.  He had witnessed illegal activity aboard The Owner.  He suggested that the ship was smuggling drugs into San Francisco Bay each week, and this was why she left her berth so frequently.
The tip was sufficient to move Homeland Security’s rapid response team into action.  They subsequently stopped and boarded The Owner during her attempt to leave San Francisco Bay.  As was well known now, a gun battle ensued and Karl Remons died.
That had not been Quinn’s intent.  He just wanted Karl Remons landlocked, so that he may continue the personal destruction of his biological father.
In the three months since Karl Remons’ death, Quinn had learned a lot more about Albert Pabek.  Rebecca had used her expertise to sift through all of the players and the events from June 2013.  
In many respects, Quinn envied Albert.  Albert had been wronged by Karl Remons; just like him.  Albert had not sat idly by, simply bitching about his misfortune; just like him.  Albert was smart and cunning; just like him.
That’s where the admiration stopped.  Without a doubt, Quinn was happy about Remons’ death.  But, his plan involved more than destroying Remons.  His plan included personally taking the Remons Global empire.  It also included personally destroying the original Karl Remons.
Since the age of fifteen, Peter Derrick Quinn had known the origins of his own existence.  Anna Quinn had, in detail, shared the story of her limousine encounter with the two Remons.  Karl Remons Jr., his father, and Karl Remons Sr., his grandfather.
Quinn’s plan had been to first kill his father.  Then, his biological grandfather would receive the same fate.  Albert may have taken his opportunity to kill one of his intended targets.  That wouldn’t happen for the other.
Karl Remons Sr. and Pete Quinn were destined for a face-to-face meeting.  Soon.  Very soon.
Chapter 42
It was 11:42 PM.
Albert eased the throttles, turned the wheel hard to port, and locked the Bow Thrust - Port Push button.  Teleport gently bumped the dock.
With the rudders kicked left and the bow thruster pushing Teleport against the dock, the ship was holding in place.  Albert opened the starboard door, stepped up on the deck, and then jumped to the dock.  He quickly tied off the stern, ran down the dock toward the bow, and tossed the dock line on the bow.  Then, he ran back down the dock, stepped back aboard Teleport, carefully walked to the bow, and finally tied off the dock line.
He walked aft and stepped back down in the bridge.  He turned off the bow thruster, moved the transmissions to neutral, and put the Perkins Brothers down for the night.  He completed the docking checklist, closed the starboard bridge door, and climbed down the forward companionway.
Albert walked through the salon and galley, and forward through the passageway to his stateroom.  Veronica was still asleep.  He returned to the salon and settled into his leather chair.
His phone was on the table.  The message waiting light was intermittently blinking.  Albert unlocked the phone.
Lawrence had sent him a text message.  It read, “Bill’s stone drunk again.  He’s in Berkley Marina.  Roland and I are anchored nearby.”
Albert sent a message to Lawrence.  It read, “I’m back at Pier Marina.  Pick me up at 3:00 AM.”
Lawrence responded, “I never get a night’s rest with you around.  Okay, I’ll have Roland drop me off at Berkley Marina.  My rental car is still over here.  What should Roland do?”
Albert texted back, “He can stay there and watch Bill.  We will be done by daybreak.”
“Okay.  Good night, Albert.”
Albert placed the phone back on the table.  He stood up and walked to the head.  After closing and locking the door, he unlatched the shower and slowly swiveled it away from the wall.
After stepping into the small space, Albert said, “Teleport, do not let me down.  Keep it quiet.”  Next, he pressed the two buttons.  The solenoids unlocked and opened the secret doorway.
Veronica was sleeping on the wall opposite of the Kevlar lined room.  The solenoids had not been too loud.  She hadn’t awoke from the docking sequence.  Hopefully, she was still asleep.
Albert stepped down into the small room.  He retrieved a backpack, two guns, two barrel silencers, two flashlights, an extra phone, and the black box Max had built.  Quietly, he placed each item in the backpack.  Then, he exited the room and activated the latching sequence.
Finally, Albert pivoted the shower into place and locked the upper and lower latches.
He used the toilet and flushed it.  The electric vacuum system did the rest and cleaned the bowl.  Then, he washed his hands and face, brushed his teeth, and unlocked the door.  Looking down the hallway, there was no sign of Veronica.  Albert lifted the backpack from the floor and walked to the salon.
“What time is it?” Veronica said.  She was sitting in the dark on the sofa berth.
Albert jumped.  “Sorry, I woke you.  We are docked.  It’s almost midnight.”
“Are you coming back to bed?”
“Yes,” Albert said.  
Veronica noticed the backpack.  “What’s that for?  You skipping out on me in the middle of the night?”
Albert shook his head.  “Not right now.  But, I do have an errand to run later.  I’ll be leaving around three.  Should be back by six or seven.  Will you wait for me?”
Veronica stood up and walked across the salon.  Albert was standing in the galley.
“I have to be at the coffee shop by five.  I’ll just go home now.”
Albert said, “No way.  You aren’t leaving at this hour.  You’ll get mugged.”
“What are you up to?  Where are you going at three?”
Albert placed the backpack on the galley’s countertop.  He responded, “Just trying to get this mess finished with RPW.  I want to get back to Cabo.”
He nudged her, and said, “Let’s go back to bed.”
Veronica smiled.  “Okay.  Wake me up when you are ready to leave.  I’ll just open the coffee shop earlier than usual.  Will you walk me over there in the morning?”
“Of course.  But first, we should get some sleep.”
Albert turned off the lights in the galley, and they retired to the stateroom.

Chapter 43
Nothing but darkness was evident in The Owner’s master stateroom.  Rebecca and Elizabeth were sitting quietly on the plush carpeting inside the walk in closet.  The door was closed and towels were tucked under the doorway crack.
Three hours earlier, Rebecca had hacked her way back into the ship’s network.  “Amateurs,” she had said to Elizabeth.  Now, she was finished reprogramming the ship’s systems to support their escape.
“Okay, we are ready.”  Rebecca said to Elizabeth confidently.
Elizabeth was nervous.  She whispered, “Run this by me again.  Are you sure we can make it back to the dry land?”
“We have to get off the ship.  Quinn is going to kill us, Liz.  He must have killed Farley.  That means he’s after me next.  You’ll end up as collateral damage.”
“You didn’t answer my question.  How are we getting to land?”
Rebecca said, “I just checked our position.  According to the computers, we are eighteen miles southwest of Monterey.  Perry’s running south at ten knots per hour.  We need to get moving.”
She continued, “I’ve overridden the lock for the private staircase to the upper deck.  We will go upstairs, run to the public aft staircase, and head back down the stairs to the garage entrance.  I’ve unlocked both sets of hatches.”
“What about the garage doors?  They take time to open.  I’m worried we won’t get out fast enough.”
“I will open the garage from here.  Once I send the command, we must run fast.  If one of the guards is in the garage, he will obviously be expecting something.  He will try to close the garage, but I have the controls in the garage overridden.”
Elizabeth took a deep breath.  “Okay, let’s get it over with.”  She zipped up the compartments on her purse and draped it over her shoulder.
Rebecca removed a shoe box laying on the floor underneath some clothes hanging on a rack.  Inside the box was a 9 mm pistol.  She checked the clip.  It was full.  Then, she dropped the extra clip in her purse.
“Let’s go.”
The women walked out of the closet and into the main salon.  
Rebecca was shouldering her bag and carrying the computer.  In the salon, she walked to the bar, reached below, and removed a .38 caliber pistol that had been velcro attached on the underside of the countertop.  She checked the chambers and handed it to Elizabeth.
Both of them were excellent shooters, having practiced together for years.
“Ready?” Rebecca asked.
Elizabeth nodded.
Rebecca opened the laptop and executed the final command of her hack.  She said, “Hurry.  The garage will begin opening in ten seconds.”
Leading the way, Rebecca bounded up the private staircase to the upper deck.  She flung the door open and pointed the gun forward as she stepped on the deck.  There was no one around.
Elizabeth followed behind her.  They ran partway across the deck to the next staircase and descended from view.  Reaching Deck 3, they could hear the garage door opening along the stern of the ship.  Now hurrying without consideration of the noise they were making, they ran down another flight of stairs to reach Deck 2.
On their left, the double doors to the garage were closed.  On their right, one of the guards was running toward the garage.
Without a moment’s hesitation, Rebecca, standing on Elizabeth’s right side, raised the gun, pointed it at the guard, and pulled the trigger twice.  The guard fell to the hallway floor.
“Hurry!” Rebecca screamed.
Elizabeth opened the passageway door to the garage.  They stepped inside and descended the stairs to the lower section of the room.  The doors were nearly finished opening.
Another guard emerged from the small maintenance and parts room.  He said, “What do you think  you are doing?”
Elizabeth froze and was standing in the way of a clear shot for Rebecca.  She yelled, “Liz, duck!”
As Elizabeth dropped down and to the left, Rebecca shot the guard directly in the center of his chest.  She didn’t bother wasting another round of ammunition.  
Elizabeth ran for the nearest speedboat.  She unlatched the safety tie down on the bow eye, and then pressed the button to begin the unloading sequence.
Rebecca leapt aboard the boat.  “Give me your hand,” she said, just as the speedboat began tilting and soon would be sliding down the teflon rails on the ramp.  
Elizabeth reached for her friend, threw her left leg over the side, and fell into the boat.  The ramp reached its pivot point and the boat began a rapid slide.  Rebecca started the engines and reversed the throttles.  The boat fell free of The Owner.  She pushed the throttles forward and pointed the boat on a northeast heading, based on the glycerin filled compass mounted on the windshield.
Elizabeth moved over to the passenger seat and held onto the safety handholds.  The seas were rough.  They were going too fast.  It was dark.  “Slow down, Becky!”
Now a safe distance from The Owner, Rebecca slowed down the speedboat.  They were running in total darkness.  She dared not turn on the running lights for a few miles.
“Program the GPS,” she said to Liz.  “Set the destination as Seal Rock.  It’s a preset button.”
Elizabeth punched in the commands and pressed the Start Route button.  The GPS advised it was searching for satellites.  A minute later, it stated the destination was 21.4 nautical miles away.  Next, it plotted a graphical guidance tool to keep them aware of the proper course.
Rebecca settled into her seat and set their speed at ten knots.  Even with the current and swells, the trip would take less than three hours.
Elizabeth was still a little stunned by Rebecca’s killing two men so easily.  
Rebecca said, “If I had hesitated, they would have killed us.  That’s what they’re trained for.  You know that.”
Elizabeth sighed.  “I know.  It just never makes it easier.”  She was looking into the darkness, hoping to see the shoreline lights.
Elizabeth asked, “Where are we going?  What were those coordinates?”
“It’s a place where we can hide out and figure a way out of this mess with Quinn.”
“What’s the place?”
“Karl’s Monterey estate.”

Chapter 44
It was 2:30 AM, two days after the first day of fall, and on the 92nd day of Albert’s new life.
The alarm on Albert's phone began to sound.  The phone was plugged into a charger and was lying on the built-in table near the head of his bed.  Beside the phone, Albert had placed the Ruger SR 9C on the table earlier in the night.
Albert reached over pressed the snooze icon.  Softly he nudged Veronica. "It's time to wake up.  We have to go." 
Veronica sat up immediately.  She said, “Good morning." 
Then, she jumped out of the bed and bounced off to the bathroom.
Albert was surprised at how quickly she woke up.  He climbed from the bed, a little slower than Veronica, unplugged the phone, and walked through the passageway to the galley.  He filled the coffee maker with water, added a fresh filter and coffee to the basket, and pressed the start button.  A few seconds passed and the machine began to make a bubbling sound.
He sent Lawrence a text message.  It asked, “All okay?”
At that moment, on the other side of San Francisco Bay, the trawler was motoring slowly in the dark night.
Roland surveyed the surroundings.  To Lawrence, he said, “Shut off all of the cabin lights.  Just leave the running lights on."
Lawrence found the light switch panel on the dashboard and darkened the ship.  Next, he located the dimmer switch for the dash lights themselves.  He adjusted the setting to the lowest possible.
They were approaching Berkeley Marina.  From their observations earlier, Bill should still be drunk and passed out.  They had last seen him stumbling down the dock, returning to his sailboat, at 1:00 AM.  He had been at the marina hotel bar, continuing to fuel his drinking binge.
Roland idled the two engines to 550 RPMs.  Barely moving, the trawler inched its way through the marina.  After motoring past the permanent resident slips, the men and trawler reached the fuel dock and transient slips.  One of the temporary docks was empty, so Roland eased the ship into it.
"Lawrence, please be careful stepping out.  As soon as you step off the boat, I'm going to motor back out.  Good luck this morning.  You and Albert watch each other's backs.  She’s dangerous and trigger happy."
"Sure thing, Uncle Roland.  I'll see you in a few hours.  Just guessing - Bill’s probably super drunk.  He probably won't wake up until almost noon."
The boat reached a stepping off point and Lawrence jumped to the dock.  He waved goodbye to Roland, even though it was pointless in the dark.  Lawrence watched as Roland reversed the trawler from the slip and motored out of the marina.
It was the middle of the night.  Lawrence was at Berkeley Marina, and it wasn’t one of the safest areas of San Francisco during the day.  He put his right hand in his jacket pocket and wrapped his fingers around the grip of the pistol.  Then, he walked deliberately to the parking lot where the Nissan Versa was parked.  
Constantly aware of his surroundings, Lawrence reached the car, unlocked the door, climbed in, and locked the door behind him.  Before starting the car, he read the message from Albert, and then sent a reply.  The message read, “On my way."
Albert was standing in front of the 19” glass computer screen mounted to the bulkhead wall when his phone buzzed with the message from Lawrence.  He read it and put the phone away.  Then, he touched a corner of 19” display to wake it up.  He needed to check Teleport’s monitoring systems.  
Everything was okay, of course, because Albert had not received an alarm.  Next, he scrolled through each of the sub-system screens, checking water levels, battery conditions, temperatures, and bilge checks.  He tabbed through the last few hours of graphs, noting with dismay the continued excess cycling of the lower bilge pump.
He pulled up the current weather conditions.  The winds presently were blowing at 5 to 10 miles per hour from SSW.  The air temperature was a cool fifty five degrees.  Over the next three hours, temperatures were anticipated to rise by less than ten degrees, primarily after sunrise.  Winds were to diminish near sunrise and return again by lunchtime.
The coffee had finished brewing.  Albert returned to the galley, retrieved two cups, and filled each of them with the hot liquid.  Albert was walking to the forward passageway as Veronica came out of the head.  He handed her one of the cups and said, “ Good morning.”
"Thank you. It's going to be a great day today."
Albert smiled. "Why's that?"
"Silly, because it is today.  Today is always a good day.”
Albert laughed. "Eternal optimism.  Even at three o'clock in the morning.  I'm impressed.”
"I'm done in the bathroom.  I'll get dressed and be ready to go in ten minutes." 
Albert nodded and squeezed past Veronica to have his turn in the head.  He closed the door and placed the coffee cup on the countertop.  Fortunately, he had remembered to turn on the water heater after docking a few hours earlier.  Albert stepped into the scalding hot shower and bathed with a minimal amount of soap.  For this morning, it was important to carry as little fragrance as possible.  
After finishing the shower, Albert shaved and brushed his teeth.  He then went to the stateroom to get dressed for the day.  He opened one of the lower cabinets below the bed and pulled out a bag in the far depths of the storage area.  He donned camouflage pants, shirt, and a toboggan.  Next, he pulled out a camouflaged net used by turkey hunters to cover their faces.  Finally, he stuffed a pair of thin, black nylon gloves in his jacket pocket.
Albert left the stateroom and headed down the forward passageway.  In the galley, he could see Veronica pouring a second cup of coffee.
She looked over at him, and said, “Don’t you look fancy this morning!  What are you up to?  Albert please don't do anything dangerous."
"I'll be fine.  Lawrence and I are just going on a scouting mission.  That's all.”  He lied, saying, “I can assure you it won’t be dangerous." 
Albert stepped into the head and picked up his coffee cup from the countertop.  Returning to the galley he poured himself a fresh cup of coffee.  
Three minutes later Albert's phone vibrated.  It was a message from Lawrence, saying, “I’m here.”  
The middle of the night had made for light traffic during his drive.  It only took Lawrence twenty minutes to reach Pier Marina.  He had parked in a space along The Embarcadero.
To Veronica, Albert said, “We need to get going.  Lawrence is here for me.”
As he was speaking, Jagsy was climbing down the forward companionway stairs.  
Albert said, “He must have been on night watch on the bridge.”
Veronica grinned.  “Good morning, Jagsy!  How's things?”
Jagsy seemed unmoved by her early morning enthusiasm.  He walked past both of them in the salon, passed through the galley, and disappeared into the forward passageway.
Albert said, "I guess the night watchman is off-duty now.  Let's go.”
Veronica gathered her things.  She and Albert climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped onto the bridge.  Albert disabled the alarm system and opened the starboard side door.  Veronica climbed up onto the deck, shivered, and wrapped her arms around herself.  
She said, “It’s cool this morning, Albert.  You be careful."
Albert took one last look around, and then exited the bridge.  He closed the starboard door and discreetly activated the latching mechanism.  Veronica noticed Albert's movement.  
“How did you do that?” She asked.
Albert said, "Max helped develop the security systems aboard Teleport.” 
He removed the phone from his pocket, selected Teleport’s systems check screen, and verified she was safely locked from intruders.  Next, he jumped down to the dock and held out his hand to help Veronica.  She took his hand and jumped to the dock.  
Albert looked at his phone.  It was 2:55 AM.  They needed to hurry.
The twosome walked down the Dock 14 walkway and reached the security gate.  Albert opened the gate.  After they exited, he closed the gate and made sure it latched correctly.  No one was out at this hour of the morning.  They continued walking, weaving their way through the closed shops scattered around Pier Marina.  
Veronica noticed before Albert; The Owner had not returned to its berth.  
She said, “The Owner isn’t back.  I need to call Elizabeth!”
“Slow down,” Albert said reassuringly.  “She may be at home, asleep.  They could have dropped her off several hours ago.  Don’t jump to conclusions.”
Veronica looked at Albert with skepticism.  “Where’s The Owner?”  She knew that last time it went missing, Albert was the person responsible.  Now, Albert was running off on some clandestine activity.
“I don’t have anything to do with it.  Promise.” He added, “If it makes you feel better, call and wake her up.”
Veronica said, “I don’t know.  I may wait a couple of hours.  She turns her phone off at night, anyway.  I would have to go home and check on her.  You are probably right.  She is at home.  Asleep.  That’s what I choose to believe; at least for right now.”
When they reached the coffee shop, Veronica fished out her keys, unlocked the door, and pressed 1-9-9-7 into the security system’s keypad.  She wrapped her arms around Albert's neck, kissed him, and said, “Want another cup of coffee before you go?"
"No, I'm sorry.  Lawrence is already pissed, I'm sure.  I'll see you later today.  You are going to lock the door behind me, correct?”
“Duh,” Veronica nodded.  “Of course.  Come by and see me later."
Albert said, “Text me when you hear from Elizabeth.”
She nodded, pulled the door closed, and locked it with the key.  Then, she waved to Albert, turned and disappeared into the store’s darkness.  She walked to the windows looking east.  The Owner missing from her berth worried Veronica.  She could wait no longer, and decided to send Elizabeth a text.  It read, “Please tell me you are okay.”
Albert walked a few steps from the coffee shop and strained his eyes in the darkness.  He scanned the area and looked for any movements.  Satisfied, he jogged through the shops and reached The Embarcadero.
Lawrence flashed the car’s headlights when he saw Albert.  Albert ran over to the car, opened the door, climbed in and shut the door.  He put the backpack in the rear seat.
Lawrence said, “Good morning, Sunshine.  You had a date last night?"
"Yes, it turned out that way. She's a nice girl."
“So, you’re going to stick around San Francisco now?  Since you have a girlfriend?"
Albert slugged his friend in the shoulder.  "No.  In a few days, once this acquisition is done, I'm headed back to Cabo.  And, you're headed back to Michigan.”
Albert changed the subject.  "Let's go.  We’re a couple minutes behind schedule.  I want to get this done well before daylight.  It's too dangerous otherwise." 
Standing in the shadows of one of the stores on the pier, just a hundred feet away, Mummer had watched Lawrence pick up Albert.  He sent a text message to Bill. 
It read, “Pabek just left Pier Marina with a man in a small Nissan.”
Chapter 45
The speedboat carrying The Owner’s escapees was nearing the California coastline.
Elizabeth asked, “What are we going to do after reaching Remons’ estate?”
“I’m not sure, yet,” Rebecca replied.  “Quinn Properties owns the estate.  Well, I guess, based on Pete’s comments last night, maybe only he owns the estate.  Anyway, let’s get there first.  Then, we can figure out what to do.”
As the boat bounced across the waves, Elizabeth fumbled with her phone. Excited, she said, "I have a signal!”
Rebecca said, “Don't call anyone.  We need some time to think."
Elizabeth wanted to call Veronica, but she complied with Rebecca’s request.  She was putting the phone in her purse, when it vibrated to indicate a text message had arrived.  She read Veronica’s text.  In response, she wrote, “All is fine.  I’m with Rebecca.  Don’t worry.”
Then, she dropped the phone in her purse, zipped the pocket closed, and clutched the bag with both arms.  The women rode in silence for three more miles.
The lights scattered along the Golden Coast were growing brighter.  The GPS indicated they were staying on course, as the boat motored through the night sky.
Rebecca reduced their speed when the GPS indicated they were one thousand yards from the  Remons’ estate.  On the hillside above the rolling surf, they could see the grand estate standing proudly.  It was a magnificent sight.  The three story facade was an all white stucco, but primarily was covered in large frameless windows overlooking the ocean.
Karl Remons had built the estate eight years earlier.  First, he had discreetly selected a hillside just south of Pebble Beach.  This was where he wanted the estate.  Covertly, surveyors and architects, hired by Remons Global, completed an evaluation and developed concept drawings for the property.
Once satisfied that the property would be suitable for his needs, Remons put his attorneys to work.  The site was occupied by four homes and a small retail souvenir shop.  It took three months of coercion, bribes, and outright threats to secure all of the parcels needed for the grand estate.  
Then, the hard work began for the architects.  Remons’ security team defined very specific needs  for the property.  This included the obvious, such as the garage position, helipad location, and beach access.  There was a litany of less obvious security and business related requirements also put in place.  
As the construction progressed, the builders were often frustrated with Remons.  He micromanaged every detail, but was often times unable to make quick decisions.  Quick decisions and snap judgments were his trademark.  The estate construction revealed a seemingly contradictory nature.
Most decisions were delayed by a day or two.  Some people assumed his eccentric ways were the cause.  Others believed he may have been bouncing ideas of an unknown advisor.  The latter happened to be the case, as Remons did have a secret consultant for the home design and construction.  The consultant was Rebecca Edwards.
Remons built the extravagant estate not only to display his wealth in an over the top fashion, but also as a home for Rebecca and himself.  Rebecca controlled every detail of the construction.  
A very specific requirement that Karl and Rebecca demanded was an entrance and exit via the Pacific Ocean.  The Monterey Peninsula shoreline, continuing south through Carmel, and commonly known as Big Sur, was one of the most beautiful and picturesque settings in the world.  It was also highly regulated and fiercely protected from commercial and residential development.  Additionally, as the architects had explained, the geography was not conducive to boat docks, even if the legal complications were somehow alleviated.
The architects had explained how most boats were maintained inside collective harbors in a communal environment, just like The Karl Remons was maintained in San Francisco Bay, with Pier Marina nearby.  Harbors were either naturally forming, like the Bay Area and some areas in Southern California, or they were created by municipalities, using levees and subsequent dredging to create a manmade harbor.  The strict California laws, as well as the environmental activists, would not allow Remons to build his own levee.
Remons ignored the architects.  He had his lawyers petition for an extended pier; something similar to those scattered along the southern California coast.  He bribed plenty of officials, but not one of them was able to pull off the permits; not even for Karl Remons.  Finally, Rebecca devised a more effective, and ultimately brilliant, solution for the property.  There were still a lot of permits required.  But, they were eventually acquired.  
The boat continued its course heading, directly toward the surf line.  For Rebecca, this was not a new experience.  Elizabeth, however, had not previously entered the estate from the ocean.  She didn’t really know with certainty if the access really even existed.
“What are you doing, Becky? Are we just running the boat up on the beach, and then walking up to the estate?”
“No, we have a much better way to access the house.”
Rebecca eased the throttles further and steered the boat precisely based on the GPS coordinates.  When they were one hundred yards from the beach, she pressed a button on the dash.  It was labeled as Gate.  Two parallel rows of lights began to glow beneath the waters of the dark, rolling surf line.  The lights appeared in a pattern like a tiny, short runaway for airplanes.  Consistent with nautical navigation standards, red lights were on the right and green lights were on the left.  The channel markers were guiding them precisely through the dredged pathway and into the estate’s ultra-private garage.  Beyond the surf, they could see the soft glow of lights beginning to illuminate the inside of the manmade cavern excavated in the hillside.
Rebecca drove the boat between the lights.  Elizabeth’s mouth fell open as the steel mesh gate protecting the cave from intruders began to roll higher into the rock wall.  She said, "I always thought the talk of a boat garage at the estate was just a rumor.  This is incredible.  Did you design it?"
As she motored the boat below the gate, the crashing surf quietened, and they floated into the placid waters of the cave.  
Rebecca said, “Yes.  Karl was being obstinate.  He wanted his own version the Huntington Beach pier installed on the Monterey coastline, and he was struggling with the permits.  Can you imagine the controversy if he had been successful?”
“Finally, I convinced him of this alternative,” she was pointing around the cave.  “I told him, ‘you want everyone to know how powerful you really are?’ Reconstruct the hillside.  Build a private cave.”
Elizabeth said, “This is much better than a pier.”
“He still wasn’t giving up on the pier.  That was, until he understood how the hidden garage could serve more useful purposes for Remons Global, and help to maintain secrecy.  I explained how the lore of a supposed hidden cave would grow his legacy much wider than an obvious-to-the-public pier.”
Now floating safely in the well-lit cave, Rebecca pressed the Gate button and watched it extend back in place.
By Remons’ standards the man-made cave was not very opulent.  It was geometrically square; roughly 100 feet wide by 100 feet long.  Elizabeth looked up and could see the ceiling was low; only 15 feet above her head.  Spread across the ceiling were thick steel I-beams, seemingly straining to prevent the rocks and the hillside from crashing down into the small cavern.  It was a big room, but the thought made Elizabeth feel slightly claustrophobic.
 On the wall opposite of the security gate, a planked wood dock spanned from left to right.  It was the same appearance as the Southern California fishing piers, but was constructed with highly engineered composite planks designed to last for a hundred years.   Running along both the left and right walls were additional docks.  They were connected to the back wall dock and created a U-shaped walking and docking area inside of the cave.  
The docks occupied 10 feet of depth and width in the cave, resulting in a floatable area of 80 foot wide by 90 foot deep.  The cave was designed to easily dock three boats.  One on the back wall nearest the ground based exit, and one each on the left and right walls.
Rebecca turned the wheel to port and bumped the throttles gently.  The boat drifted its starboard side against the main dock along the back wall.  Then, she said, “Liz, I need some help.”
Elizabeth jumped out of the boat, walked to the stern, and tied off the dock line on the cleat.
Rebecca shut down the boat, stepped up on the dash and over the windshield, and walked to the bow.  She said, “Toss me the bow line, please.”
Elizabeth walked to the front of the boat, picked up the dock line, and tossed it to Rebecca.  Rebecca tied a cleat hitch, similar to a figure-8, and then climbed back into the passenger area of the boat.  She grabbed her purse, along with Liz’s, and stepped up onto the dock.
Elizabeth was dumbfounded by the garage and surprised Remons had not told her.  The two of them had many secrets, but he still kept this one from her.  She had been to the estate routinely over the years, shared a bed with Remons, and yet had only traveled by car or helicopter.  
 “Follow me,” Rebecca pointed.  They were facing the rear of the cave and looking at a 20 foot wide by 30 foot deep hallway.  As they walked into the corridor, the flooring transitioned from engineered wood planking to a shiny, epoxy coated concrete slab.  The room featured a stairwell that went up to the estate, as well as a small express elevator capable of holding four adults.
There was a second elevator.  Elizabeth looked at the large doors and shuddered.  It was a freight elevator, obviously capable of transporting drugs, dead bodies, and any other illicit thing imaginable.  If the elevator could talk, she was sure the contents would be for ‘mature audiences only’ and could fuel sensationalist docudrama television shows for months.
Rebecca pressed the Up button for the small elevator.  The doors opened and the women stepped inside.  A split second after the doors closed, the elevator shot skyward, rising two hundred and sixty-eight feet in eighteen seconds.  
The doors opened and they stepped out into a small room of the same dimensions as the corridor in the cave.  The room was slightly different, however.  On the same wall as the elevator, there was a door to access the staircase back down to the cave garage.  Immediately across from them, on the opposite wall, was the freight elevator to the cave.  
To their left was a large industrial style rollup garage door.  It was the same type as used on shipping docks.  Flush in the floor in front of the doors was a truck dock ramp.  Elizabeth imagined the door probably opened inside the expansive eleven car garage built onto the house.  It puzzled her, as she had been in the garage many times, yet never had seen the industrial roll up door.
Rebecca noticed the puzzled look on Elizabeth’s face.  She said, “There's a false wall inside the garage.  It hides the garage door you see from this side.”  Nothing else needed be said.  Both women knew the type of activities that required a secret freight door.
Lastly, on the right wall were two individual doors, one in each corner of the room.
Rebecca said, “Let’s go inside.”
They walked over and approached the left hand door.  Elizabeth pointed at the other door.  “Where’s that one go?”
“There’s another staircase behind that door.  It goes up to the master suite.  You knew about the panic room inside the closet, right?”
“Yes,” Elizabeth answered.
“Well, inside the panic room, in addition to the telephones and weapons, there’s a door to this staircase.  The staircase also continues to a hatch on the roof.  That way, Karl believed he could make a quick exit to a speedboat, to the car garage, or even to a helicopter on the roof.”
She continued, “There’s also another exit in the panic room.  It opens to a tunnel that runs into the woods one hundred and fifty yards beyond the mansion’s walls.  It opens up into a small garage where Karl kept an old Corvette.  It was his fifteenth birthday present.  He named it ‘Wild Oats’.”
Elizabeth said, “Amazing.  That’s all I can say.”
Rebecca pressed a button on the wall, and then grabbed the handle on the door.  It was a very heavy pocket door.  She slid it open, and they stepped inside the next room.  It was the kitchen’s pantry.  Rebecca closed the door.  Elizabeth watched as the door became hidden from view, being replaced by a floor to ceiling shelves full of groceries.
“Incredible,” she said.  “You’re a genius, Becky.”
Rebecca opened the regular pantry door and they walked into the kitchen.  It was late.  The women were exhausted.  It was time to sleep.
They walked through the kitchen and into the living area.  The floor to ceiling windows wrapped the room, providing a one hundred eighty degree, slightly moonlit view over the Pacific Ocean.  The two friends flopped onto opposing large leather sofas and fell asleep.  It was easy to rest, secure in knowing the safeguards around the estate were protecting them.
Chapter 46
It was 5:04 AM.
The breezes were blowing from the west at five miles per hour.  Luckily, it was not raining.  Albert and Lawrence were separated by one hundred yards.  Though, even in the waning moonlight, they could not see each other.
Albert whispered into the walkie-talkie.  “Can you see anything?”
Lawrence was in full camouflage clothing, including a face net.  He raised the binoculars to his face and looked toward Rebecca Edwards’ house.  Nothing but darkness and shadows from the moonlight. 
 “No,” Lawrence quietly replied.  “Are you sure she is still on The Owner.  She could be in there, asleep.”
“Cut it out, worry wart.  Her car is downtown.  The Owner is still out at sea for some reason.  If she’s in there, I’m betting she’s knocked out on sleeping pills.”
Lawrence was positioned within thirty feet of the rear perimeter fence encompassing the house.  Beyond the fence, some landscaping was blocking his view.  More so impeding a clear view of the house were the multiple shade awnings and umbrellas positioned over and around the swimming pool.
Albert was positioned on the northeast edge of the property, about fifty yards behind the perimeter fence and at a higher elevation than Lawrence.  The umbrellas and shade awnings were a much more significant impediment to his own view of the property.
Albert removed a cola can from his backpack.  The can contained a wireless receiver, as well as cellular network transmitter.  The units were built by Max and their current draw was minimal.  Max prided himself on the power efficiency of his contraptions.
He positioned the can in a clump of leaves near the base of a tree.  Looking like discarded trash, Albert hoped no one would locate the unit.  The batteries should power the receiver for at least a week.  He hoped it wouldn’t be necessary to return and replace the batteries.  
After finishing the task, Albert keyed the walkie-talkie, and said, “I’m moving down to the fence line.  Can’t see anything.”
He slowly stepped through the heavily wooded area.  Each step forward, Albert would lift one of his feet and gently ease it back to the ground.  With almost no weight on the lifted foot, he would move his foot around to find a patch of forest underlayment without sticks and other potential noise generators.  
Albert was about ten yards from the fence when Lawrence whispered, “Stop.”
Frozen in place, Albert strained to see the surroundings in front of him.  He was now near the same elevation as the pool and could see the house underneath the umbrellas.
“What is it?” Albert asked.
“There’s a dog.  I just saw him walk around the side of the house.  He must have been asleep on the southern end of the house.”
The early morning breezes were picking up.  Any moment, Albert expected the dog to catch his or Lawrence’s scent.  It was a near guarantee one of them would be detected.
Still frozen, Albert asked, “What the hell do we do now?  Why didn’t Max tell us about the dog?”
Lawrence was in a tighter jam than Albert realized.  He had moved up to the fence line and was now laying face first in the clearing between the fence and the forest.  Any movement now was certain to set off the dog.  Lawrence and the dog were separated by forty or fifty feet.
“Quiet,” Lawrence said.  “I’m at the fence.”
Albert leaned against a tree, raised the binoculars to his face, and searched for Lawrence.  He gasped when he spotted his friend.  The dog was wandering along the edge of the pool and heading toward the perimeter fence.
Albert whispered, “You need to get out of there.  He’s getting closer.”
No response from Lawrence.  Then, Albert heard a faint, electrical sound.  
“Got him,” Lawrence said.  “I hit him with a stun gun.  He’s immobilized.  We need to hurry.”
Albert looked toward the pool again.  The dog lay motionless near one of the tables.
Lawrence said, “Let’s get moving.  Daylight is coming too quickly.  We’re behind schedule.”
Albert slid down the remaining grade on his ass.  He crawled over near Lawrence.
Albert unzipped his backpack and removed the black box he had previously gotten from Max.  He  handed it to Lawrence, and said, “Hold it against the fence.  I’ll strap it in place.  Face the side with the red mark on it toward the house.”
Lawrence laid on his back and held the box against the wrought iron post fence.  
Using plastic cable ties, Albert locked the device firmly in place.  He put away the remaining supplies in the backpack and zipped it closed.
“I’m ready,” Lawrence said. 
Albert said, “Okay. After I engage it, we have eight minutes.  The jammer will disable every electronic device up to two hundred feet in front of it.”  
Lawrence pointed to the house next door.  “That house may get hit by the jammer.  It’s early, so hopefully everyone is asleep.  Otherwise, we may have less than eight minutes.”
Albert nodded.  “Agree.  Let’s hurry.”
Albert pulled out his phone and pulled up the app for the wireless connection with the black box.  Then, he pressed the ACTIVATE icon.  Instantly, the battery inside the box energized Max’s electronic creation.  The results were, so far, not apparent.
Lawrence was first to stand.  He unrolled a thick, rubber mat and tossed it over the sharpened fence posts.  
Albert stood up, wedged his right foot against the inside of a post, and scaled the fence.  At the top, he rolled over the rubber mat and dropped to manicured lawn inside the fence.  
Lawrence followed behind him.  Next, the men ran past the zonked dog, around the left side of the pool, and onto the expansive covered back patio of the home.
The first test of the device had been successful.  Not a single security light activated.  The jammer was working.
Albert ran to the side of the house.  There was a separate gate to the kennel for the dog.  It was pulled open with an elastic cord.  He ran back to the stunned dog, scooped him up, and carried him to the kennel.  The dog wasn’t feeling too well, but he would recover.  
After closing and locking the kennel gate, Albert ran to the patio.  He found Lawrence studying for their next move.
The patio was enclosed on three sides; wrapped by wall to wall multi-track slide doors.  Albert noted the design and liked it.  The three glass walls essentially slid away into concealed pockets, making the patio a seamless part of the home.
Lawrence located one of the primary doors.  He removed a high strength steel, super thin flathead screwdriver from his bag.  Along with the screwdriver, out came a two pound sledge hammer.  
He forced the screwdriver blade into the tight gap between the door and its jamb.  Then, with one speedy swing of the hammer, the blade broke through the latch.
Lawrence slid the door open.  He motioned and bowed to Albert.  “After you.”
No alarms sounded as the men entered the combination family room and kitchen.  The jammer was doing its job.  All remained quiet.
Lawrence disappeared into the darkness and headed for the far end of the house.  Albert walked into the kitchen to handle his assignment. 
The marble flooring caught Albert’s attention.  It was a brilliant white, with thin, dark red veins running erratically across the surface.  Albert had seen the tile before; from pictures taken in Karl Remons’ office.  Max, as Remons’ pilot, had, as part of the reconnaissance, photographed the office from several angles.
In the center of the kitchen was a large service and food preparation island, roughly ten feet long and four foot wide.  He walked around it and jumped up on the kitchen cabinet.  Then, he removed a battery powered microphone with a transmitter from his backpack.  The low amperage draw of the unit would record sounds in the kitchen for at least the next two weeks.  He positioned the unit on top of the cabinet above the refrigerator.  
He was stepping down from the countertop, when Lawrence returned to the kitchen.
Just a little out of breath, Lawrence’s task had been to run through the house and break things; but quietly.  As soon as they disabled the jammer, the alarm should begin to sound.  The police would arrive.  Their half hearted evaluation of the wealthy estate break-in would quickly conclude kids ransacked the place and were scared away by the sirens.
Lawrence was holding a framed photograph.  He handed to Albert, saying, “This was on the nightstand by her bed.  Can you believe it?”
The photo was of Rebecca and Karl Remons.  They were on a beach, somewhere.  Judging by the water’s color and the outcroppings, it was probably Bermuda.  The sands had a pink hue and a cruise ship could be seen in the distance.
Rebecca’s arms were latched around Remons’ huge proportions.  They looked like newlyweds on a honeymoon.
“Damn!  She really is out for blood.  We killed her mate.  The relationship was much more serious than we thought.”  Albert looked at the time.  “We need to go.  Four minutes left.”
Lawrence shook his head.  “I need to show you something.  But, before I do, know that I have already taken photos.  I used the camera with infrared lights.  We can study the pictures later.  No time tonight.”
Albert said, “Let me get the other microphone set first.”  
He walked to the living room and searched for a hiding spot.  In the corner of the room was a tall glass hutch with ornate trim around the top of it.  The hutch stood about seven feet tall.
Albert removed the second battery, microphone, and transmitter from his backpack.  He could scarcely reach the top of the hutch.  He felt around the edge of the hutch and decided it was a good location.  The trim would hide the transmitter.
Albert positioned the unit on top of the hutch.
“Okay, I’m done.  What did you find?”
“Follow me.”  Lawrence took off for the front of the house.  Albert followed him.  
At the main entrance, there was a set of glass doors on the right side of the foyer.  They led into the home office.  The room was pristinely clean.  One wall was along the front face of the home.  It had large windows and a bench seat built into the frame.  A custom designed desk and filing system covered the wall opposite of the double entrance glass doors.  
Two rows of large, flat panel computer monitors, a total of ten screens, hung just above the desk surface.  Three wireless keyboards were aligned in a perfect semi-circle on the centerline of the desk.  A single, white leather office chair on wheels was positioned in front of the keyboards.  The white leather chair stood atop an absolutely brilliant wood planked floor.  Each plank was painted white.  
The ceiling was faintly glowing, lit by a hundreds of white LEDs spread across its surface randomly.  Albert studied the lights.  They weren’t random.  He identified the Big Dipper and the Milky Way.  Rebecca had installed a replica of the night shining stars.
He pointed a penlight at the ceiling and flashed it on, just briefly.  As he had anticipated, the ceiling was painted a sky blue.
Lawrence poked Albert in the side.  “Here’s what I wanted to show you.  Who cares about all this other stuff.”  Lawrence pointed to the wall facing the outside windows.
From floor to ceiling, exactly one hundred framed and precisely mounted photographs covered the entire wall.  Each frame was 12” by 12”.  The white frames were stacked and side by side against each other.  They covered the ten foot long wall from end to end, and the ten foot tall room from floor to ceiling.  Inside each frame was a single photograph.  Every frame was filled.  
“Damn!” Albert said.  “How obsessed can she be?”
The majority of the pictures were of her and Karl Remons.  All of the photos were happy ones.  They were from all around the world.  The photos spanned years and were chronologically placed.  Albert could see the pair aging over an eleven year period.
Karl Remons and Rebecca Edwards, from Rebecca’s viewpoint, were a happy couple.
If it couldn’t get more disconcerting, somehow it did.  Albert spotted Elizabeth in three pictures.  Rebecca and Elizabeth, two women who apparently shared the same man, were close friends.
Lawrence pulled Albert’s arm.  “We have to go.  Now!  I have the pictures.”
“Okay.”  Albert pried his eyes away and turned off the penlight.
The grade school buddies ran through the open patio door, around the pool, and over the fence.  Lawrence removed wire cutters from his pack and snipped the cable ties holding the electronic jammer.  He held it against the fence, so that it wouldn’t lose it’s transmitting angle.
Lawrence said, “Are you ready?”
Albert said, “Yes.  Hang on.”  
He accessed the phone app again and disengaged the jammer.   “Okay, it’s off.  Let’s go.
Lawrence tossed the box in his backpack.  He began running up the hill.  “I’ll get the car started.  Let’s go.”
The alarms began to sound and the security lights activated.
With every ounce of energy available, Albert sprinted up the hill through the dense woods.  He cleared the thicket and spotted Lawrence with the car.  The passenger door was open for him.
Albert reached the car, jumped inside, and said, “Go!”
Chapter 47
Classical music - this morning it was a Schubert piano composition - Rondo in D Major - reverberated around the penthouse.  Quinn placed the final forkful of egg white in his mouth.  
An early riser, breakfast was the fourth task he had completed from his morning duties.  First, he had sprinted two miles on the treadmill in his condo.  This had been followed by showering and dressing for the day.  The third task, a brief review of all overnight emails, text messages, and voicemails, was also completed.
The third item consumed more time than usual today.  Overnight, Captain Perry had left him a voicemail.  The voicemail infuriated Quinn.  Rebecca and Elizabeth had escaped.  Compounding the bad news was the loss of two men from his supposed elite security team.
Now finished with breakfast, Quinn could devote his thoughts to the turn of events.  He left the table, picked up his phone, and walked onto the north facing balcony.
After locating Perry’s number, Quinn pressed the Call Now icon.
A moment later, Perry answered, “Good morning, Mr. Quinn.”
“Nothing good about it, Captain,” Quinn replied.  “Explain to me your staff’s ineptness.”
“She reprogrammed the computers and overrode the door controls.”
“And the dead men?”
Perry replied, “Sir, you knew she had a baker’s dozen of weapons in the stateroom.  They didn’t stand much of a chance against her skills.  I’m sure the two men hesitated.  We both know Rebecca.  Hesitation is not part of her profile.”
“I’m assuming you traced the speedboat?  Or, did she disable the transponder.”
“Yes, sir… We did trace it.  She either forgot, or maybe she didn’t know, about the tracker.”
Quinn smiled and gave a thumbs up to the pigeon sitting on a ledge nearby.  “And?  Where did they go?”
“The estate,” Perry said.  “The boat is still there.  I don’t know about the women, though.”
Quinn looked at his watch.  He left the balcony and went inside the condo.
“She’s still there,” Pete said.  “This situation just got more dangerous.  Rebecca will come after both of us.  Right now, she’s plotting her attack.  We may not be hated as much as Pabek, but we are hated nonetheless.”
“Yes, sir,” Perry replied.  Changing the subject, he said, “We have cleaned up the remnants of the two lost men.  The ship has been sanitized.”  Then, he asked, “When will you arrive in Alamitos Bay?”
“We will arrive at John Wayne Airport tonight.  Mamma wants to enjoy Huntington Beach for the evening.  Sometime tomorrow, we will transition to The Owner.  She wants to be pampered in the hotel tonight.”
“And, what about Rebecca?  The situation has changed from the plan.”
“Yes, I have been considering that point.  I will deal with her at the estate.”
“Very well,” Perry said.  “Cheers.”
Quinn settled in to one of the plush living room chairs overlooking San Francisco.  He located Albert’s number and pressed the Call Now icon.
“Good morning, Pete,” Albert answered.
Quinn replied, “Good morning.  I will be out of town for a few days.  The attorneys are working on the documents.  Everything will be completed on Friday.  I will review and provide my signatures over the weekend.”
“So, I should tell RPW to expect your attorneys in Oakland on Monday morning?”
“Yes, let’s go ahead and set the time at 9:00 AM, Monday, September 30.”
“Very well,” Albert responded.  “Safe journeys.”
Quinn hung up the phone.
He looked at his watch.  The Quinn jet should be readying for takeoff soon.
Pete dialed another number.
Anna Quinn answered, saying, “Good morning, Peter.  We will be departing in five minutes.”
“Mamma,” Quinn said.  “Please ask the pilots to change the flight plan.  The new destination will be the Monterey airport.  We have some trouble at the estate.”
“What went wrong?”  
Anna’s voice sounded kind, but Pete knew she was disappointed.  He never wanted to disappoint his mother.
“Our important passenger unexpectedly disembarked from The Owner last night.  She is at the estate.  Mamma, this is a minor issue we can resolve quickly.  I am prepared.”
“Very well.  I will instruct the pilot.  He will text you the arrival time after the flight plan is updated.”
“Thank you, Mamma.  I love you.”
“My dearest, you cannot love me more than I you.  Goodbye.”
Quinn picked up the sweater draped over a chair.  He wrapped it around his sculpted shoulders, picked up his duffel bag, and walked to the elevator.  He waited impatiently for it to arrive and carry him to the garage.

—————
The women had been up for two hours.  Rebecca’s phone had buzzed at daybreak.  Her security service had called regarding a break in at her Sonoma home.  The service advised the house had been ransacked and a police report would be filed.
The only question Rebecca had asked was, “Is the secondary room in the kitchen still secure?”  Once the service affirmatively answered her question, she had said, “Clean up the mess, install a new system, and lock everything up.”
Coffee in hand, Elizabeth was sitting outside on the patio and watching the surf.  Three cups down, Rebecca had two computers running on the dining room table.
Walking inside from the patio, Elizabeth asked, “Figure anything out?”
“Not yet.  The break in has the appearance of bad luck and timing.”  
She was lying to Elizabeth.  Rebecca held something very important in her Sonoma home.  No one living, other than herself, knew exactly the contents of her ‘secondary room’.  In fact, the only people who were aware of the room itself were three construction workers and two security service employees.
Her phone vibrated.  Rebecca glanced at the message and began to giggle.
“What is it?” Elizabeth asked.  
Rebecca looked up from the text message.  “I have found the Sikorsky.  I’m sending someone to get it back immediately.”
Elizabeth had mixed feelings about this development.  Max was a good person.  She worried what Rebecca intended to do to him.
She said, “Do we need the helicopter?  Let’s take one of the cars from the garage.”
Rebecca subtly glared at Elizabeth.  “Liz, I won’t kill the man.  I just want the helicopter.”
A little relieved, she asked, “Do you have a pilot?”
“Yes.”  Rebecca pointed at the phone in her hand.  She said, “I’m calling him now.”
Rebecca finished dialing the number.  The phone rang four times and went to voicemail.  This was expected.  The pilot did not answer calls directly.  He listened to the voicemail first, and then determined how, when, or if, he would respond.
At the tone, Rebecca said, “It has been located.  Go to the Marin County Airport immediately and secure the Sikorsky.  Fly it to the Monterey estate.  Make sure it is fully fueled.  We have some errands to run.  Advise me upon your departure from Marin County.”
 Elizabeth was always impressed by Rebecca’s resourcefulness.  This latest development seemed especially smart.
She asked, “Well?  How did you find the helicopter?”
“It was tricky.  Well, I should say that Max Lasteres was sneaky.  But, you can’t run from technology.  I found him by hacking into the FAA air traffic control recordings and historical radar records.”
“On Sunday night, I watched the Sikorsky leave my ship and head west toward the ocean.  I presumed he was flying out of controlled airspace to hide the aircraft.  Then, I built an algorithm to plot anomalies inbound to the California coast from the Pacific.”
She continued, “From there, I isolated forty three aircraft that crossed onto California soil within the hour following my sighting.  Then, I captured each aircraft’s identification number and description.  From this I was able to tie all but one of the aircraft to the FAA’s records.”
Grinning triumphantly, Rebecca said, “That’s where it was puzzling for a while.  The aircraft identified itself to air traffic control as an Airbus helicopter - complete with a different tail number.  And, it came from nowhere.  Like it was from outer space.”
“Anyway, the tail number was bogus.  It was tied back to a junkyard bird.  I knew it had to be the Sikorsky.”  
Rebecca said, “Soon Karl’s pride and joy will return to my home here on the estate.”
Elizabeth said, “You mentioned ‘errands’.  Where are we going?”
“After the helicopter arrives, we are flying to Quinn’s penthouse.  I intend to confront him.  We aren’t going to just roll over and let him take full ownership of RPW.  That backstabbing, arrogant asshole will see it my way.”
Rebecca removed a USB jump drive from her bag.  She held it up for Elizabeth to see.
She said, “I have no doubt in my ability to persuade his thinking.”
 

Chapter 48
It was 9:09 AM.
After finishing their covert operation at Rebecca’s weekend home, Lawrence had driven the Nissan Versa north on White Oak Drive.  He had turned left onto Oakwood for a short distance, before heading north on the Sonoma Highway.  Before reaching Santa Rosa, the men had found a secluded area to change out of the camouflaged clothing and hide their break-in supplies in the car’s trunk.
Then, they found a busy restaurant near the 101 and consumed copious amounts of breakfast foods.  Their adrenaline charged bodies relished the starchy and greasy nutrients.  Following breakfast, they headed back to Pier Marina.
As they crossed onto the Golden Gate Bridge, Lawrence shifted the car left to the passing lane.  They were heading south; toward downtown San Francisco.  He sped the car to fifty miles per hour, just momentarily, before suddenly slowing to ten miles per hour.
“I hate this traffic.”
“Patience, buddy," Albert said.  “There’s no hurry, at least not for us.  Today is shaping up to soon be a goof off day.  In a few days, Quinn will have the RPW headache, and I’ll be sailing south and practicing my Spanish.”
"How do people do it?  I can't imagine driving in this nonsense every single day.  Not just in the morning, either.  These yahoos do it again in the opposite direction at night!  Seems like insanity to me." 
Albert laughed.  “Like a friend I met in Los Angeles once told me, ‘that’s life in the big city.’  Not much else to say."
The lifelong friends enjoyed a few minutes of silence as the Nissan Versa crept across the bridge.
As they neared the south end of the bridge, Albert craned his neck and looked left across Lawrence and the steering wheel.  It looked like a gaping hole left behind after losing a tooth.  The Owner was still out to sea.  
He said, “The Owner isn’t back, yet.  I’m going to ask Max and Roland to figure out where she went.  Maybe Roland can call in a favor with one of his Coast Guard friends.  Otherwise, I’m guessing Max still has some trackers functioning aboard the ship.”
While he was talking, Albert was sending a text message to Roland.  It read, “The Owner is MIA.  Elizabeth is aboard and Veronica will be worried.  Can you call in a favor with your Coast Guard buddies and track down the ship?”
He sent another message to Max.  It read, “The Owner is missing.  Your gadgets still functioning aboard it?  Can you trace the ship?”
Twenty more minutes passed, as they idled their way off of the bridge, into downtown and finally onto the west end of The Embarcadero.
Lawrence muttered, “Finally.  What a pain in the ass.”
Twelve minutes and three blocks later, they reached Pier Marina.  Lawrence located an open parking spot near the ferry boats.  After parking the car, the friends climbed out, removed two stuffed backpacks and a shoulder duffel from the trunk, and headed east along The Embarcadero.
“When we get back to Teleport, I need your help finding the leak.”  Albert was talking, walking and studying Teleport’s monitoring systems on his phone.  “The lower bilge pump has cycled five times since midnight.”
“Did you check the stuffing boxes?”
“No, I figured you could do that since it’s the most obvious thing ever.”  Albert slapped his friend on the back.  “Of course, dodo head.  Your brain not working this morning?  Not get enough sleep last night?”
“Okay, smart ass.  Then, where’s the leak?” 
Lawrence scrunched up his face.  “I don’t know.  Black water valve partially stuck?  Did you do the maintenance?”
“Yep.  Before I left Cabo.”
Albert’s phone was buzzing in his hand.  Veronica was texting him.
Her message read, “Liz sent me a message earlier.  She’s okay.  Apparently she’s taking the day off to hang out with Rebecca Edwards.  I’m worried about the bad influences corrupting her.”
Albert stopped walking to respond.  His message read, “Is she on The Owner?”
Veronica’s response came back immediately.  It read, “No.  She didn’t say where they were, but they are safe and not on the ship.”
“That’s odd,” Albert said.  “Veronica says Elizabeth is off the ship, but I doubt it came into port just to drop her off.  Something’s not adding up.”
Lawrence said, “Focus on the problem.  If you want a girlfriend, that’s fine.  I want to get everything finished and head back to Michigan.”
“You’re right.  Keep me on task.”
As they neared the security gate to Dock 14, Albert took out his phone, again, and pulled up the masthead camera.
He grabbed Lawrence’s arm and pulled him away from the gate.  “Let’s go.  Hurry.”
They walked back out to The Embarcadero, ran across all the lanes of traffic, and found a convenience store to duck into.
“What the hell, Albert?”
“The cops are standing around Teleport.  I’m calling Bratcher.  No sense walking into a quick trip to jail.”
He found Bratcher’s mobile number and dialed it.
“Mr. Pabek,” Bratcher answered.  “I’m hanging out with my men by your boat.  Where are you?  We have some business to wrap up.”
Albert said, “What kind of business?  I’m kind of tied up right now.”
“You’re a liar.  We both know that.”  Bratcher said, “We want to give back your dinghy.  Surprisingly to me, there was no evidence of the confidential informant’s claim against you.”
“Will I get an apology letter from the SFPD?”
“Don’t press your luck, Pabek.  I know you aren’t a model citizen.  You are a vigilante.  The law doesn’t look favorably on renegades like you.  When will you be here?”
“On my way.  Give me ten minutes.”
Albert motioned to Lawrence.  They left the convenience store, crossed the street, and walked back through the shops on Pier Marina.  Once at the Dock 14 gate, Albert checked the masthead camera view again.  Everything looked on the level.  They walked through the gate and down the dock.  
Bratcher was standing on the end of the pier near Teleport’s stern.  The tender was floating nearby, its painter tied off to a dock cleat.  One of Bratcher’s men was standing near the bow.  He looked bored; hands in his pockets and absentmindedly gazing at the anchor on the bow roller.
Albert and Lawrence reached Teleport.  Silently, Albert stepped up on the starboard deck.  Nearing the bridge door, the card in his wallet transmitted its signal.  Albert placed his body in position to block Bratcher’s view, and then he pressed the hidden button.  He pulled the handle open and slide the door aft into the locked and opened position.
He tugged the backpack from his shoulder and dropped it down onto the bridge floor.  Stepping off the deck and back to the dock, Albert nodded to Lawrence.  Lawrence climbed aboard, tossed his backpack and the duffle onto the bridge floor, and stepped down into the command center.  Next, he depressed the Garage-Open button.  The rear section of Teleport opened wide, like a giant whale with its mouth stuck open in mid yawn.
Bratcher smugly smiled.  “Some ship, Pabek.  Tell me again.  How can you afford something as nice as this?”
“I’m a professional poker player.  Just like the kind you see on TV.  Interested in a game?”
“You really are a smart ass.  Here I am, personally returning your property.  Yet, you feel the need to provoke me.”
Albert stepped closer to Bratcher.  Much, much closer.  Their faces were six inches apart.
He said, “You provoked me.  I did nothing wrong.  Yet, you felt the need to take my property.”
Bratcher backed up.  “You are correct.  I was wrong about your guilt.”
“Very well.  That sounded like an apology.  I accept.”  Albert extended his hand.
Bratcher grinned slightly.  He reached for Albert’s hand and shook it courteously.  “Do keep your nose clean for the remainder of your time in San Francisco.  No more dead people, please.”
Albert nodded his head and shared a tight lipped smile.  “I’ll do my best.”
Lawrence was standing in the garage.  He was tired of the testosterone exchange between Albert and Bratcher.  He said, “Albert?  Toss me the painter.  We have work to do.”
Albert reached down and untied the painter.  He passed it to Lawrence.  Lawrence positioned the dinghy, locked on the bow and stern lines, and activated the motorized loading sequence.
Bratcher said, “Let’s go.”
The SFPD officers walked down Dock 14, exited through the security gate, and disappeared behind the Pier Marina shops.
Albert stepped up on the deck.  Lawrence had loaded the tender and closed the garage door.
Stepping down into Teleport’s command center, Albert spotted the cat.  He was asleep on the lower console.
Lawrence climbed up the aft companionway.  
Albert, standing in the forward companionway on the opposite side of the bridge, said, “I’m headed to the engine room.  We need to find the leak.  Where are you going to look?”
Lawrence said, “I’ll search the galley refrigerator first.  It may be condensation.”
Albert shook his head.  “Yes, you are probably right.  Where will you look first?  Inside the turkey and salami sandwich?”
“You got it,” Lawrence said with cheesy grin.




Chapter 49
Mummer sat on the bench at the Pier Marina gas dock.  He had watched intently as the SFPD unloaded Pabek’s dinghy into the marina waters.  Then, he had witnessed as Bratcher shook Albert’s hand and appeared to have apologized for taking it in the first place.
Mummer dialed Bill’s number on his phone.  
Bill answered groggily, “What?”
“The police returned Pabek’s dinghy.  Bratcher was there to personally deliver it.”
“You must be kidding me!  Are you sure?”
Mummer’s clandestine boss was irritating him this morning.  “Yes, Bill.  Don’t call me an idiot.”
“I didn’t call you an idiot.  What the hell is wrong with you?”
Mummer said, “Treat me like shit, and I’ll dump you.  I don’t owe you anything.  I’ve spent all night out here watching the comings and goings of Pabek.  Meanwhile, I’m guessing you were drunk off your ass in a comfy bed.”
Bill softened up.  He was out of friends and favors.  Mummer was all that was left.  
He said, “Okay.  I’m sorry.  It’s a rotten morning for me.  So Pabek is back from his early morning trip?  Where did he go?”
“I don’t know where he went.  He got back to his ship a few minutes ago.  Bratcher was waiting on him.  They left the dinghy.  What do you want me to do?”
“Stay there.  I’ll be over there… That bitch….”  Bill realized he didn’t have a car.  His half-drunk brain was struggling for a transportation solution.  Finally, he said, “I’ll motor the sailboat over there now.  Just stay put.  I’ll call when I’m closer to the marina.”
Bill was sitting on the cabin sole of the Beneteau.  He guessed that was where he had passed out a few hours earlier.  He climbed up the companionway stairs and stepped into the cockpit.  The morning sun felt as if it were stabbing him in both of his blood shot eyes.
He reached down to the console, turned the key to the ON position, and pressed the engine preheat button for the diesel inboard engine.  Then, he pressed the start button to bring the small auxiliary to life.
Bill stepped on the seat, and then up onto the starboard side deck of his sailboat.  He walked to the bow and lifted off both the port and starboard dock lines.  He tossed the lines onto the dock.  With as must urgency as he could muster, Bill walked back to the cockpit, removed the dock lines from both sides of the stern, and tossed them on the dock.
Returning to the helm, he put the transmission in reverse and inched the Beneteau out of the slip.  He moved the transmission to forward and advanced the throttle.  The vessel accelerated and soon he had passed beyond the no wake zone of the Berkeley Marina.
Bill pointed the bow toward downtown San Francisco.  The boat was motoring directly into the wind; there was no opportunity to utilize the sails for propulsion.  That was okay with Bill.  Less work.  He didn’t particularly like sailing.
Once on the correct heading, Bill set the autopilot and climbed down the companionway stairs.  The cabin on his sailboat was small.  In comparison to Albert’s ship, it was a shoebox.  He looked around the cluttered cabin and shook his head.  The place was a wreck.
He fished a can of Coke out of the ice chest and promptly returned to the cockpit.  Finally, he was able to settle down into a seat. The trip to Pier Marina would take him about an hour and a half.  Bill casually watched the immediate area in front of him.  Ever so often, he would stand up and look directly forward across the bow, just to be certain there were no imminent danger of colliding with another vessel.
Bill scanned the horizon again, before descending the companionway stairs to retrieve a snack from the galley.  He found the remains of the pizza from the previous night.  It would suffice.  Standing in the salon, Bill was looking aft through the companionway and eating a half consumed cold slice of pizza.  He could see the hills above Berkley in the distance.  He also noticed a trawler also heading either to San Francisco, or to points beyond.
Returning to the cockpit, Bill changed the autopilot heading by thirty degrees.  The control responded and the wheel rolled to starboard.  Bill felt like the trawler was tailing him.  He considered it may be someone working for Rebecca.  Then, there was Pabek.  With Lawrence Stone in town, the trawler could be related.  His suspicions were confirmed when the trawler altered its course to follow him.
He left the cockpit, again, and climbed down the steps into the salon.  Bill rummaged around in one of the galley cabinets and found a pair of binoculars.  Bracing himself against the frame of the companionway, he focused the lenses on the trawler.  He could see an older man standing on the flybridge.
He contorted his position to get a steadier look through the binoculars.  The driver was wearing a large fishing hat and sunglasses.  It was hard for Bill to pick up any features.  Then, he spotted the watch on Roland’s right wrist.  It was unmistakable.  Roland wore a safety yellow colored watch.  It was some nautically special device.  Bill had never cared to understand the allure.  Now, the watch had betrayed Roland’s presence.
“You double crossing bastard.  How could you do this to me?”
Bill found his phone and texted Mummer.  The message read, “My former friend, Roland Caltoan, is following me.  We have to change our plans.”
Mummer responded, “What do we do?”
Bill gave up on texting.  He called Mummer.  
Mummer answered immediately.  “Well?  What now?”
“I’m going to motor up to Teleport and talk to Albert.  Before I get there, I’ll talk to Roland and call him out for following me.  I intend to get him aboard Teleport.”
“Then what?” Mummer asked.
“Watch from a safe distance.  Once all of us are onboard, can you get to Teleport without being noticed?”
Mummer was briefly silent.  “Easiest way would be in a kayak.  I could slip along the edge of the slips behind all of the boats.”
Bill was pissed.  “The kayak you have in your pocket, I guess?  What else?”
“No, Bill.  You know, you’re really chapping my ass today.  Do it alone.  I don’t care.”
Mummer hung up the phone and dropped it into his pocket.
Things had changed a lot for Mummer.  Before Remons’ death, Mummer was the leader of the band of thugs Remons kept on staff.  He spent his days either in a nice office at the Remons Global executive offices downtown, or in his two room suite aboard The Owner.
With a staff ranging from fifteen to forty men, along with a small contingent of women, Mummer was the equivalent of a highly paid executive in a reputable business.  His title had been, “Executive Director of Corporate Compliance.”  
Internally, everyone knew him as “Heavy Lifter.”  His team handled all of the dirty work, corporate bullying, purposeful accidents, disappearances, and general detective work.
After Remons’ death, he, along with his entire department, was terminated from RPW Corporation.  Quinn Properties hired him, along with a smaller team, to support its much less ambitious needs.  The final insult had been Rebecca telling him, “I’ve flattened the organization.  You are accountable to me, but have no direct reports.  Everyone works for me directly.”
This change hurt him financially.  More importantly, it hurt him organizationally.  His former subordinates were now his peers.  They did not respect him.  They did not do anything he needed.  Essentially, they ostracized him.
The phone in Mummer’s shirt pocket vibrated.  Mummer took it out and looked at the screen.  It was Bill.
“What?” Mummer answered gruffly.
Bill apologized.  “I’m sorry.  I was out of line.  Things suck for both of us.  I know that, and I shouldn’t blame you.”
“Okay.” 
Bill said, “What are we doing?”
Mummer replied, “I’m looking at the kayak I was thinking about.  It’s on one of the boats in the guest slips.  The occupants left the boat ten minutes ago.  They looked like tourists.  They’ll probably be gone all day.  I can easily swipe the kayak without suspicion.”
“Okay.  Good.”
“Once I get there?”
“You’re going to climb aboard Teleport.  Guns on the ready.  We’re taking these three jackasses hostage.”
Mummer exhaled. “Why?”
It was time for Bill to cut in Mummer on his plan.  Otherwise, he had no way of getting solid support from the man.
“Albert has two million in cash on Teleport.  We’re going to take it.  Your cut is two hundred thousand.  Agreed?”
Now, a longer pause.  Mummer rebutted.  “Three hundred.  No less.”
“Fine.”
“How do you know the cash is on the boat?  Why is it there?”
“I gave it to Albert three months ago.  It’s some of the old Remons’ money that needed a good scrubbing.  Albert sailed with it to Mexico.  I’m sure he didn’t leave it down there.  It’s on the boat, somewhere.”
Mummer grinned.  “It’s payday!”
Chapter 50
Bill returned to the helm, turned off the autopilot, and rolled the wheel to port.  The Beneteau, on a heading of 190 degrees, was pointed directly at Pier Marina.  He was less than a mile away.
Bill found Albert’s number in his phone.  He pressed the Call Now icon.
Six rings before he answered, Albert sounded out of breath.  He said, “Hey, Bill.  What’s up?”
“You okay?”
“Maintenance.  A boat owner’s work is never done.  You know that.”
Bill said, “I’m heading into Pier Marina now.  I want to talk to you about RPW and the turn of events.  We need to work together.”
Albert was standing in the engine room.  He stepped up into the salon.  Lawrence was finishing off his sandwich.  Albert motioned to him, mouthed the name, “Bill”, and pointed at the phone.  Then, he put it on speakerphone.
“Well, I guess that’s fine.  I can do my work later.”
Albert picked up a tablet from the salon and pulled up the masthead camera.  He panned it north across the bay.  Bill wasn’t lying.  He could see the Beneteau approaching.
Lawrence’s phone was ringing now.  It was Roland.  Lawrence left the galley and walked forward through the passageway to the guest stateroom.  He closed the door, so that Bill would not over hear the conversation.
After pressing the Accept Call icon, Lawrence said, “Bill’s headed for Pier Marina.  What’s going on?”
Roland said, “I’m following him.  He was headed out of the bay, but just diverted the path a moment ago for the marina.  I don’t know what he’s doing.  You and Albert need to be careful.”
“He just called Albert.  Says he’s docking and wants to talk.”
Roland said, “He’s a man without many options remaining.  You two need to be careful.  I’ll drop anchor just inside the breakwater and keep an eye on him.”
“Okay.  Bye.”  Lawrence pressed the End Call icon and returned to the salon.
As he stepped through the passageway, he heard Albert say, “Okay.  See you in a few minutes.”  
Lawrence said, “I don’t like it.  Bill’s a wild card at this point.”
“I agree.  Where’s Uncle Roland?”
“He’s following Bill.  Said he would anchor inside the marina and watch over us with binoculars.
Albert climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped onto the bridge.  He slid open the port side bridge door and locked it in place.  He removed the Ruger pistol from the holster and wedged it between his belt and lower back.  Then, he walked to the starboard side door and slid it into the locked position.
Stepping up on the deck through the starboard door, Albert was wishing for the craziness to end.
The voice in his head screamed, “Leave now!  Do not talk to Bill!  Sail!”
Phone still in hand, he called Sam Halsop.
Sam answered cheerfully.  “Morning, Albert.”
“You sound good.  What’s going on?”
“Malcona isn’t bothering me, and she’s in a good mood.  Last night’s quality issue was resolved.  I didn’t have to fly out and apologize to my customer.  And, finally, Bill isn’t around any longer.  What else could a working man need?”
Albert said, “Listen.  I don’t have much time.  Bill’s coming to visit me on Teleport.  I don’t trust him.”
Sam sighed.  “You definitely should not trust him.  What do you want me to do?”
“Bill hasn’t talked to you since yesterday?”
“No.  Not a word since I saw him at the elevator immediately after Malcona fired him.”
“Okay.  Gotta go.”
“Be careful, Albert.”
Albert hung up the call and walked to Teleport’s bow.  He watched Bill sail across the marina and toward the guest slips near the gas dock.  Then, he watched as Roland’s trawler slowly entered the calm waters of the marina.  He saw Roland walk to the bow, drop the anchor, and return to the flybridge.
Lawrence stepped onto the deck from the port side door.  He walked to the bow, and said, “What are we going to do?”
“I don’t know.  To be safe, though, get the gun from the port side door holster.  Keep it on you.”
Albert pulled the smartphone from his pocket.  He opened the masthead camera app and zoomed the camera on Bill’s arrival to the guest slips.
Lawrence asked, “What about the backpacks and duffel from this morning?  You want to put them in safe storage.”  Other than Albert, the only people on the planet aware of the Kevlar reinforced room were Lawrence, Roland, and Max.  None of them ever referenced it directly.
“No, just stuff everything under the master stateroom bed.  We don’t have time for anything else.”  Albert was looking toward the security gate.  Bill was standing there, waving at Albert.  “I’ll go get Bill.  You get the other gun and hide the gear.”
Albert watched Bill tie off his boat and then step onto the dock.  As far as he could tell, Bill wasn’t carrying any weapons.
He switched apps and sent a message to Roland.  It asked, “Could you tell if Bill was packing?”
A moment later, Roland’s response arrived.  “No, but I doubt it.  I should have all the guns here, from when Lawrence visited his boat.”
Albert put away the phone and walked toward the stern.  He reached an area where he could make the jump to the dock, did so, and then strolled at a casual pace toward the gate.  As he neared the structure separating the two friends-turned-adversaries, Albert said, “Hi, Bill.  Good to see you.”  Opening the gate, he added, “Come on in.  Let’s figure out how to get you back in the game.”
Bill was taken aback by the comment.  He said, “What are you talking about?”
“From what I’m hearing, Quinn double crossed you.  That shouldn’t have happened.  Agree?”
“Of course,” Bill said.  “But, you are helping him take away my opportunity.”
They had now walked the length of the dock and arrived at Teleport.  Lawrence stepped up on the deck through the starboard door.  He said, “Hey, Bill.”
“Lawrence,” Bill said bluntly.  He couldn’t hide his irritation in knowing Lawrence had ransacked his boat and taken his weapons.  “What are you doing here?  I thought you were in Michigan?”
“Vacation,” Lawrence said, in his usual smart-ass tone.  “Albert said he was coming back to San Francisco.  I thought it would be nice to see him.  We are going for a sail later today.”
Bill was getting pissed at the lies his supposed friends were spewing.  He wasn’t sure how long he could hide his anger.
Lawrence jumped down to the dock.  Walking toward Teleport’s bow, he said, “Where are you, Mr. Dolphin?”  He leaned over the edge of the dock and seemed to be studying the waters below the dock.  With is back to Bill, Lawrence removed the gun from his pocket and held it on the ready near his chest. 
Albert caught the signal and took a few steps the same direction.  Looking back at Bill, he said, “We spotted it a few minutes ago.  It was talking to us.  Lawrence wanted to feed the dolphin, and he’s already named it.  Flipper.  Original, huh?”
Bill was standing nearer the stern section of Teleport.  He was looking across the boats docked between Teleport and the solid land of Pier Marina.  Briefly, he sighted Mummer paddling quietly along the ends of the finger piers separating the docked boats.
He turned his attention to Albert and Lawrence.  Moving toward the center of the long dock, he said, “Funny.  Flipper.  Lawrence, aren’t you more original than that?”
Lawrence kept his back to Bill.  He looked at Albert from the corner of his eye.  “Naw, I’m kind of nostalgic that way.  Don’t believe in ditching my friends.”
 Mummer slipped the kayak underneath the dock adjacent to Teleport.  Across the marina, Roland saw Mummer in the kayak, but was helpless to do anything, other than send Albert a message.  It read, “Bill’s got help.  Kayak approaching.”
Now located two slips down from Teleport, Mummer positioned the kayak between the bow of the boat in the slip and the common walkway.  Using the ship’s starboard side bow line as leverage, he pulled himself out of the kayak and laid out flat on the dock.
On his belly, he crawled forward until he could see the scene near Teleport.  He saw Bill leaning against the piling with his back facing Teleport.  He could not see Lawrence or Albert.  That meant they could not see him.
He pulled himself into a squatting position and inched out to the main walkway.  
Bill spotted him, but did not make any acknowledgement.
Albert’s phone buzzed.  He pulled it from his pocket and read the message.
At the same time, Mummer had unzipped both pockets in his jacket.  He quickly put his hands in the pockets and pulled out the guns.  One in each hand, he crouched down and moved quietly to the end of the dock.  Reaching a point where he no longer could be hidden from view, Mummer stood up, took five fast steps, and turned to face Albert and Lawrence.
Albert had just read the message, nodded at Lawrence, and was turning to face Bill with the gun in his hand.
Mummer said, “Don’t move.  I swear I’ll kill you, Pabek.”  He was holding both guns discretely at his sides.  He walked over to where Bill was standing and passed one of the guns to Bill.
Albert shook his head.  “Bill, you’ve really sunk to a new low.”
His back still to Bill, Lawrence turned his head and looked at Albert.  He raised his eyebrows.  Albert shook his head.  It was too risky.  A shoot out wasn’t the way to solve this problem.
Bill had watched the nonverbal discussion.  “Turn around real slow, Lawrence.  Give me your gun.  Or, should I say give me my gun, since, you took it from my boat?”
Lawrence turned around and stared at Bill.  He growled, “Your boat is a shithole.  How  did you even notice I had been there?”
Mummer walked over to Albert.  He said, “Hand it over.  Now.”
Albert handed him the gun and nodded to Lawrence.  He said, “Give it to him.  Dead will serve us no purpose.”
Lawrence said, “Here you go, asshole.”  He handed the gun to Mummer.
Mummer said, “Shut up.  Get on the boat.  Both of you.”
Across the marina, Roland watched with his binoculars.  He was helpless in the situation.  He watched as Bill stepped up on the deck, followed by Albert and Lawrence, and then Mummer.  They all stepped down onto the bridge.
Roland’s mind was racing.  He couldn’t figure out what to do to change the situation.  Then, his phone rang.  It was Bill.
“Bill?” Roland answered.  He knew it wasn’t a coincidence.  The covert operation was no longer.  It was obvious.
“You have ten minutes to get onboard Teleport.  Park in the empty slip three spots down on this pier.  No guns.  No knives.  No trouble.  Clear?”
“And, if I don’t.”  All friendly facades were gone.  Roland was furious.
“They’ll be dead.  I have nothing to lose.  Do what I say.”
Roland said, “Alright.  I’ll do it.”
On the bridge, Mummer forced Lawrence down into the salon through the forward companionway.  Bill and Albert stayed on the bridge.
Bill said, “Get Teleport ready for departure.  We’re taking a trip after your uncle gets here.”
“You’ve fallen a long way,” Albert said, while shaking his head.  “What’s the plan?”
“Shut up.  You should have already been in jail; or dead.” Bill said.  Then he added, “The cash.  The two million.  I want it back.”
Albert sat down in the captains chair and began his departure sequence.  
Bill jabbed him in the side with the gun.  “Hurry up!  This isn’t an airplane, and you’re not a pilot.  Just start the engines and let’s go.”
Albert ignored Bill’s command and continued with his sequence.  He asked, “I know why you think I should be dead.  Rebecca’s after me.  That make sense.  But jail?  What’s your thought there?”
A disgusted look on his face, Bill pointed at the garage.  “The tender.  It’s got James’ blood in it.  Who did you pay off at the SFPD?”
Albert laughed.  “Oh, that!  Now, I understand.  You tipped off the police and can’t figure out why there wasn’t blood aboard.  Well, you should have put more thought into your scheme.  You know, it is possible I didn’t share all of the details with you.”
Albert wasn’t giving him the satisfaction of a quick answer to his question.
Dumbfounded, Bill stared at him with contempt.  “What are you talking about?
Albert ignored Bill for a few seconds, while he finished his departure checklist.  
Then, in a flat, matter of fact tone, Albert said, “The Zodiac in the garage is new.  I picked it up in San Diego three months ago.  Unfortunately, my old tender was punctured and sunk in the Pacific waters somewhere along the way.”
Bill was furious.  
Albert attempted to take advantage of Bill’s rage.  
He stood up quickly, lifted his elbow skyward and aft, jamming it hard into Bill’s neck.  Just as he was twisting to take the gun, Mummer yelled from the forward companionway, “STOP!  Don’t make me kill you!  At least, not yet!”
Albert turned to see Mummer.  Bill was gasping for breath.  Defeated, Albert dropped back into the captains chair.
After weighing anchor, Roland had motored across the marina.  He reached the slip Bill had mentioned and illegally docked the trawler.  After securing it with two stern, two bow, and two spring lines, Roland walked down the dock to Teleport.
Roland could see Bill standing on the bridge with his back to the aft companionway opening.  He could see Albert sitting in the captain’s chair.  
Bill spotted Roland walking across the dock.  He stuck his head out the doorway and yelled,  “Hurry up.”
Roland walked the remaining distance and stepped up onto the deck.
Bill motioned to Albert.  Albert started the engines.
Bill said, “Untie the dock lines, Roland.”
Roland walked to the bow and released the lines from the cleat.  Next, he walked aft and untied the lines.
Bill said, “Let’s go, Albert.”
Albert engaged the transmissions and pushed the throttles forward.  Teleport, now a hostage, headed for the marina exit and the bay beyond the breakwater.
Bill said, “Roland, walk around the bow and enter through the port side door.  Get into the salon.  My friend down below will help you.”
Roland complied.  The direness of the situation settled in after he reached the salon.  Lawrence was lying unconscious on the floor.  His hands were taped behind his back.  His feet were taped together.  His forehead was dripping blood on the salon floor.
On the bridge, Albert was holding the Edson wheel on a westerly heading.  They were nearing the San Francisco Bay Bridge and soon would be in the open Pacific waters.  Not bothering to look at Bill, he asked, “Where are we going?”
“To hell, Albert.  And, you are driving us there.  Keep going west after we clear the bridge.  Slow the engines to eight knots and engage the autopilot.”
Chapter 51
It was 3:19 PM.
Teleport had been motoring a westerly course for over four hours.  After Albert had set the autopilot earlier, his arms had been taped to the captain’s chair by Bill.  Mummer had held Roland at gunpoint until Lawrence awoke from his clubbing.  Then, with Albert immobilized, Bill had held a gun to Lawrence’s head, while Mummer immobilized the men by taping their arms to each other around the compression post in the galley.
Now, standing in the forward companionway, Bill was leaning against the port side bridge door; gun in one hand and vodka bottle in the other.  He glared at Albert.  “Where are we now?”
Albert looked at the right side lower 19” monitor.  
“Well?” Bill asked again.
Albert said, “I can’t tell you for sure.  I would have to study a different screen.  Looks like we are still heading west and are approximately forty miles west-southwest of San Francisco.”
Bill smiled.  “Good. Set the autopilot to a south-southeast heading.  This should keep us about forty or fifty miles offshore.”
Albert twisted the chair with his feet and directly faced Bill.  “How should I do that, exactly?”
Bill put the gun in his jacket pocket.  He fumbled around in his pants pocket until he found the bottle cap, then screwed it on the vodka, and dropped the bottle on the forward console.  He leaned over and looked down the companionway.  Thrown off balance by the rolling seas and his drunken head, he lost his footing and fell backward against the port sliding door.
Pulling himself back upright, he angrily yelled down the stairs.  “Mummer!”  
Mummer yelled back, just as rudely, “What?”
“Bring me a knife.”  Then, even in his drunken condition, Bill remembered how sensitive Mummer had been lately.  He quickly added, “Please.”
Mummer walked from the salon to the galley, found a large knife, and returned to the companionway.  He passed the knife up to Bill.
Bill held the knife close to Albert’s face.  He was so close that Albert could smell the combined stench of alcohol on his breath and two day old sweat on his body.  
Bill said, “No heroics.  I’ll stab you half a dozen times before you can react.”  He then cut the tape from Albert’s left hand and arm.
“That’s all you get.  The other arm stays immobilized.”
Bill dropped the knife on the forward console.  Then, he removed the gun from his pocket and pointed it at Albert.  “What are you waiting on?  Hurry up!”
Albert scowled at Bill.  Then, he twisted the chair around to face the console.  He awkwardly reached across to the right side display, changed screens, and adjusted the auto-pilot heading.
“Now,” Bill said, “I’ll ask you again.  Where’s the money?”
“What money?” Albert continued to be obstinate.  He wrinkled up his face in a confused and puzzled look.
“The stupid act is wearing thin with me, Albert.  Where’s it at?”
“I’ve already told you.  How many different ways can I say it.  It’s in a public storage locker in Long Beach.  I stopped there on the way to Mexico.  Carrying two million south of the border seemed like a sure-fire way of getting mugged, or worse.”
Bill cocked his head and studied Albert’s face.  He had spent most of his life assessing people in all types of situations.  He considered himself an expert at detecting liars.  Deception and diversion were two of his best skills.
Bill said, “You’re still lying.  The more you say it, the less believable it becomes.”
Albert shrugged.  “Sometimes the truth is inconvenient.”
Bill was now mindful to keep himself braced in the rolling seas.  He leaned against the forward companionway stairs handrail and the port side bridge door.  
“I’m running out of patience with you.  You’re a dead man.  Just give me the money.”
Albert spun the chair and smiled broadly at Bill.  
He said, “I always thought you were smarter than this.  Must be that all that alcohol burned away too many brain cells.”  Then, he posed a question to him.  “If I’m dying regardless, why tell you the location of the cash?  What’s in it for me?”
In one fast motion, Bill took a step forward, lowered his right hand that was holding the gun, and pulled it up rapidly against Albert’s chin.  
Albert didn’t see it coming soon enough.  The blow knocked him from the chair.  He fell to the floor.  His right arm was still taped firmly to the chair, and it twisted to a near breaking point.
“Not so smug now, are you?”  Bill laughed at him.  He dropped the gun in his pocket and pulled the vodka bottle off the forward console.  He took two large drinks, emptying the bottle.  Now irritated he was out of liquor, Bill tossed the bottle at Albert’s head.  Fortunately, it missed.
His chin still gushing blood, Albert climbed up into the chair.  Using his free hand, he pressed on the gash with his left thumb.
Bill fumbled around in his pocket for the gun grip.  He pulled it out and waved it haphazardly toward Albert.  Then, he looked down the companionway.  He yelled, “Mummer!”
Mummer walked back into view.  Frustrated at being summoned again, Mummer said, “What do you want, boss?”
Bill said, “I’m tired of this asshole.  The money has to be here somewhere.”
Mummer said, “I’ve looked everywhere.  I don’t think it’s here.”
“Rip this ship apart, if necessary!  I’m sure he has it on here.  It’s somewhere.”  
Mummer walked out of view and appeared headed for the forward passageway.
Albert said, “May I wash my face?”  He pointed toward the cabin.  With a smart ass grin, he added, “Will that be okay with you, boss?”
“You aren’t going to shake me, Albert,”  Bill said.  “You are fucking right.  I am the boss.  You know it.  I’m a survivor.”
Bill needed another drink.  Albert was partially loose.  If he left the man alone on the bridge, Bill believed Albert was creative enough to certainly break free of the tape.  Bill rammed the gun hard against Albert’s ear, picked up the knife, and cut way the tape binding Albert’s right arm.
“Get downstairs.  You’re going first.”
Albert slid out of the seat, walked to the companionway, and climbed down the stairs into the salon.  Bill followed close behind, while still pointing the gun at Albert.
Roland and Lawrence were standing in the galley.  Their arms were wrapped around the compression post.  Mummer had duct taped their arms together.  The pair looked like non-identical conjoined twins - connected at the arms and having no hands.  
In the salon, Albert walked past them slowly and studied the taping job.  It was really good.  Roland and Lawrence weren’t going to be escaping anytime soon.  There was tape across their mouths, too.
As he passed by, Albert whispered, “I’ll figure something out.”
Once in the galley, Albert turned on the water pump.  The pressure built up.  He opened the faucet, washed his face, and dried it on a dishtowel.  Turning to Bill, he said, “I’ve got bandages in the drawer in the island.  Okay if I open it?”
Bill walked closer.  He opened the drawer Albert was pointing toward.  The drawer looked like a showpiece from Good Housekeeping.  Everything was organized and labeled.  It disgusted Bill.
“Why the hell are you so tidy?  It’s a waste of time.”
“Just inside me, I guess,”  Albert said.  “Besides, why be cluttered.  Cluttered drawers equals a cluttered mind.  I’ve heard about your house.  Guess your mind is kind of jumbled?”
Bill smirked at him.  He located the box of bandages and tossed them to Albert.  Then, he motioned to the salon.  “Go sit in the salon.”
Albert headed for his favorite chair.  
Bill said, “Not there.  I want that chair.  Sit on the couch.”
Albert frowned, but said nothing more.  He had provoked Bill enough, at least for now.  He walked to the salon and sat down.  It was probably the first time he had not sat in his personal chair.  Across the cabin, Bill dropped into Albert’s favorite chair and reclined the comfortable leather seat.  He swiveled it side to side and rubbed his hands along the black leather armrests.
"Albert, I'm impressed,” Bill said. "Nothing but the best for you, I guess. Where in Italy did you buy this leather?"
Albert half smiled and half smirked at Bill. "You confuse quality workmanship with the amount of money spent,” he said.  “The leather your sorry ass currently smothers was handcrafted by my friends in Michigan.  You are sitting on some of the finest cattle carcasses that Joseph’s Meat Processing in central Indiana could provide.”
He continued,  “Leather quality is not determined by the cattle’s location.  Does it really matter, other than stroking one’s pride, to say something is made from Italian leather?”  With a smart ass grin on his face, Albert questioned Bill.  “Do we really care if the cow spoke English or Italian?”
Bill said, "I remember those days. Those days when one’s whole world revolves around a hometown and friends.  I'm surprised, even after everything that has happened, that you are so naïve.  No one cares about the actual leather quality.  They do care if it says, ‘made in Italy’, as opposed to ‘made in Indiana’.  Italian leather will always be better.  It’s all about perceptions.”
Albert changed the subject. "What are you trying to accomplish?”
Bill stood up from the chair and crossed the salon to where Albert was sitting.  He hovered over him, and then poked him in the cheek with the pistol.  “I want the two million dollars that I gave you three months ago.”
Albert stared coldly at Bill.  He was furious.  A former friend still threatening him at gunpoint.   “You’ve said that already.  I want to understand.  Why?  And, I don’t mean why do you want it.  I mean, why did you give me the money in first place?”
“Damn, Albert!  How dumb can you be?" Bill said. “It’s dirty money.  Surely you knew that, or at least suspected it to be the case?"
Albert was finished with the conversation.  Nothing was going to be accomplished.
Bill continued, "I gave you the money because it was red hot. Do you really think Karl Remons would have given me two million dollars that didn’t have some strings attached?”
The salon went silent.  Each man stared at the other.  Each man studied the other’s facial expressions.  Each man attempted to burn a hole through the other’s head with the intensity in their eyes.  
There was no longer any empathy or compassion inside Albert.  Bill was no better than Karl Remons.  In fact, he was worse.  Remons hadn’t double crossed Albert; he had always been a son of a bitch.
Albert said, “Okay. If the money is dirty, then why do you want it back?"
"Economics.  Your friend, Malcona, fired me.  I need some spending cash.”
Mummer emerged from the forward passageway.  He walked over to Albert and slapped him upside the head.  “Where the hell did you hide the money?”
Alberts disinterestedly said, "I've already told both of you.  Use your brains.  Collectively, is there not enough smarts between you to figure this out?  Why would I keep two million dollars cash on a boat?  What if it sank?  What if the boat was stolen?"  What is someone broke in to rob me?”
He exaggeratedly raised his eyebrows and looked at Mummer and Bill.  “Know what I mean?”
“Shut up, Pabek,” Mummer said.  To Bill, he said, “I don’t think it’s here.  I’ve searched most of the vessel.  He’s a tidy bastard.  There are very few hiding places on this boat.”
Albert grinned.  “Long Beach.  Public storage.  Safe, but discrete.”
Mummer said, “Okay, then where’s the key?  I didn’t find it.  You’re bluffing.”
Albert said, “That key is my life insurance policy.  I’m not saying.”
“What do you think, Mummer?”  Bill said.  “Where else can we look?  Either for the key, if it exists, or the money?”
Mummer surveyed the salon and galley.  Then, he studied the bulkhead separating the bridge from the below decks.  There was the door to the engine room; it had not been searched.  He walked to the door, opened it, and stepped down into the room.  He found the light switch and flipped it on.
The room was lit brightly.  Albert had placed LED lighting in every corner and epoxy painted the entire room a brilliant white.  It was spectacular looking.  Mummer admired the attention to detail.  It looked better than the mechanical room aboard The Owner.
Slowly he searched around the confined space.  Then, he noticed the tool box.  It had a key in the locking lid.  That was the key.  There could be no doubt.  Mummer moved over to the toolbox and removed the key.
Lifting it up to the light, he read the embossed words, “Do Not Duplicate.  Property of Long Beach Storage.”
Mummer guffawed like a hillbilly nearly finished cooking a fresh batch of moonshine.  He climbed out of the engine room and stepped back into the salon.
Walking toward Albert and waving the key, Mummer said, “Found it, dumbass.”
Bill was impressed.  “How did you figure it out?”
“It was simple.  There was a key in the toolbox.  Why would Pabek have a key in his own toolbox inside of his own engine room aboard his own ship.  A little too much security, don’t you think?”
Bill nodded.  “Good work!”  He then said, “Also, good job on Farley last night.  I’ve been meaning to thank you.”
Mummer shook his head.  “I didn’t deliver.  Fate must have stepped in.  My car broke down last night, and I wasn’t able to get over there.”
Bill was still processing the new bit of information.  Albert was already there.
Albert said, “So, you were going to kill Farley, but someone else beat you to it?  Interesting.”  He let the statement formed as a question settle in deeply on Bill.
Ignoring Albert, Bill looked at Mummer.  He asked, “Who, then?”
Mummer said, “Don’t know.”
Bill sighed.  It was something he would have to figure out.  But, that was later.  He said, “We need to get to Long Beach.”
Mummer shrugged.  “We’re on a ship headed south.  How long will it take us?”
Both men looked at Albert.
“Depends.  Motoring at a fuel considerate speed, it will take about fifteen hours.  Sailing, depending on wind shifts, will require about two days.”  Then, he added, “Unless someone drives a large ship over the top of us on the way.  You know?  Like a hit and run?”  Albert wanted Bill to get nervous.
“Shut up,” Bill said dismissively.
Mummer asked Bill, “Can you sail this thing?”
“No,” he said.  “Albert custom built Teleport.  There’s a lot of things we don’t understand how to operate.  I’m concerned we won’t be able to get there.  The computer systems… Well, they are unique to Albert.”
Mummer nodded.  Just three months ago, he had been aboard The Owner while it drifted disabled at sea.  He didn’t want a repeat performance.  
Mummer pulled himself up on one of the barstools separating the galley from the salon.  He spun the barstool around, pointed at the restrained men, and let the stool return to face the salon.  “What about one of those two guys?  Can Caltoan or Stone sail it?”  Mummer was talking to Bill, but looking at Albert.
Albert said, “I ain’t talking.  Just sayin’.”
Bill answered his question.  “Both of them helped build Teleport.  I’m guessing either could sail it.  Roland’s the better choice.  He’s a licensed captain and has the credentials to get Teleport docked in Long Beach without suspicion.  Also, if we hit bad weather, I would prefer he be in control.”
“Okay,” Mummer said.  “Then, it’s settled?”
Albert did not like the finality of Mummer’s question.  It sounded more like a statement.  
Bill said, “Yes, Let’s move Pabek and Stone to the garage.”  He waved his gun at Albert.  “Stand up and move over to the galley.  Stand behind the counter with your hands on your head.”
Albert slowly moved from the salon to the galley.  His mind was racing; searching for a magic solution to the dilemma.
Bill moved to the companionway.  He positioned himself so that the gun was pointed in a line across Roland, Lawrence, and Albert.  “None of you do anything heroic.  I’m an accurate shooter.”
Mummer removed a large knife from the storage block built into the galley’s island countertop.  He began cutting away the tape wrapped around the captives’ arms.
Roland was standing on the salon side of island; Lawrence was on the galley side.  Mummer stood between them.
He had hardly finished cutting the tape wrapped around Roland’s left arm and Lawrence’s right arm, when, suddenly, Roland spun around with his free left arm.  He rammed his elbow up into the back of Mummer’s head.
Bill froze momentarily.  Roland was his lifetime, childhood friend.
Mummer didn’t know Roland as a child, and he didn’t freeze.  He twisted around and jabbed the knife deep into Roland’s chest.
Now, Bill’s survival instinct kicked into high gear.  He ran across the salon and jammed the gun in Albert’s throat.  “Don’t move.”
Albert opened his mouth to scream in horror and anger, but no sounds would come out.
By this point, Mummer had extracted the knife from Roland’s chest.  He was pointing it menacingly at Lawrence.
Other than the horrified look on his face, Lawrence couldn’t do much.  His best friend’s uncle was slumped on the floor and pulling Lawrence’s left arm with him.  He began to cry and fell to the floor on top of Uncle Roland.
Roland was gasping for air, but death was already in his eyes.  He was gone within twenty seconds of Mummer removing the knife.
Albert’s tears were streaming down his face, even though he was staring deep into Bill’s eyes.  “I will kill you, Bill.  With every last breath I have available, I will.  I will make it my only goal in life.”
Mummer said, “Shut up.”  
He finished cutting the tape away from two men.  Lawrence stood up, just in time for Mummer to slug him in the stomach.  Then, Mummer shoved him into the salon.  “Sit down.”  
Lawrence was in shock.  Still with tape over his mouth, Lawrence sat quietly and looked blankly at Albert and Uncle Roland.
Bill said, “Get an anchor and rope out of the garage.  There’s probably one in the dinghy.  I’ll watch these two.”
Mummer nodded and climbed the forward companionway.
Albert stared at Bill intensely.  Bill stared back with equal seriousness.  Neither man spoke.
Mummer returned to the salon.  He said, “The anchor is on the bridge.  Not sure if it’s big enough to pull the old man under, though.”
Bill said, “It will suffice.  Sharks will do the rest, soon enough.” 
Mummer pointed his gun at Albert, and then motioned toward the corpse on Teleport’s floor.  He said, “Haul Caltoan up on deck.  Toss him overboard.”
Albert didn’t move.  He said, “Do it yourself.”
Bill punched Albert in the head.  “This isn’t a buffet.  You don’t get to choose your options.  Get moving.”
Albert collapsed to the floor and hugged his dead uncle.  “I’m sorry for getting you into this mess, Uncle.  I will avenge your death, too.  I swear it.”
Albert wrapped his arms around Roland’s chest and dragged him to the companionway.  He backed himself up the stairs, and pulled Roland higher with each step up to the bridge.  Once on the bridge, Albert opened the port side door and laboriously pulled Roland onto the port side deck.
The seas were rolling and Teleport was bucking like a wild bronco.  Albert gently pushed his uncle’s body into the Pacific waters.
“Safe journeys, Uncle Roland.  I’ll always remember you.”
Bill had followed Albert up to the bridge.  Standing in the doorway, he said, “Get in the garage.”
Albert stood up slowly.  He stepped back onto the bridge and searched the immediate area around him for any type of weapon.  
Bill stepped from the companionway and poked the gun into Albert’s back.  “Keep moving.”
Albert walked across the bridge.  He wondered where Jagsy was hiding and hoped the cat would be okay.  
Bill said, “Open the garage.”
Albert reached to the overhead console and pressed a button labeled, Garage-Open.  Looking out the rear bridge windows, he could see the large aft facing door climbing skyward.  When the sequence completed, Albert released his finger from the button.
“In the garage, Albert.  Hurry up.”
Albert climbed down the aft companionway stairs.  
“Just stand there,” Bill said.  Bill pressed the button near the companionway marked, Dinghy-Unload.  Again, the air compressor started.  The starboard side of the RIB began to lower and the port side began to rise.  The two lines, attached to the bow and stern of the tender, began to slack in sequence.  The tender slid down the rails and into the dark waters.  The dinghy was pulled taunt against Teleport’s aft section.
With more room in the garage now, Bill said, “Move to the other side of the garage.”
Albert complied.  He stepped to the port side of the empty garage.  Bill slid down the stairs and stood on the starboard side of the garage.
Albert hopelessly scanned the garage.  There was nothing even remotely close to a weapon available.
“Get in the dinghy,” Bill said.
Albert stepped off of Teleport and into the floor of the dinghy.
Bill said, “At some point, Albert, you see too much death and destruction.  It just becomes part of your makeup.  I’m no better than Karl Remons.  In reality, I’m just like him.  Money hungry, power hungry, you name it.”
Bill then said, “Unlatch the motor.  Dump it in the water.”
“You bastard!” Albert said.  He knew Bill intended to either kill him, or let him die in the elements adrift at sea.  
“Quit stalling.  Do it!”  Bill screamed, as he waved the gun at Albert.  “Die now.  Die later.  I don’t give a shit!”
Albert popped the safety latches holding the motor and loosened the set screws.
“Unclip the fuel line and the control harness from the engine first.”
Albert glared at Bill, but did as he was commanded.  He finished loosening the engine from the bracket, lifted it off the transom and dropped it into the ocean waters.
“Okay.  Now, unplug the radio microphone and toss it into the water.”  The dinghy had an in dash VHF radio.  Albert did as instructed.
“Last item.  Get the oars out of their latches and throw them in the garage.” Bill said.
Albert slowly complied.
Pointing the gun at Albert’s head, Bill collected the bow painter.  Then, he unlatched the aft harness from the dinghy.  Finally, he moved to the forward harness and disconnected it.  The ocean waves banged the dinghy against Teleport momentarily.  Then, it drifted from Teleport on another wave.  Another surge passed by and the dinghy crashed against Teleport’s aft section.
Bill shot three holes in the inflated pontoons of the dinghy.  He could hear the air escaping rapidly from the inflatable boat.  Then, he took a shot at Albert.
“Good luck, Albert!” Bill said, as he tossed the painter into the dinghy.  As Albert was drifting away, Bill pressed the Garage-Close button.
Teleport was still under autopilot and motored away from the drifting dinghy.  The dinghy was losing buoyancy from the air leak.  
Albert was in pain.  Adrift forty miles from the California coast, he was losing blood.  He rolled onto his back and looked skyward.
Success had always been unlikely.  He had known death was a real possibility.
It seemed this may be the last day of his new life.

TO BE CONTINUED …..


If you enjoyed The Obsessor, please share your comments on the bookseller’s site.

Reviews are important to the author and help support his efforts on future books in the Albert Pabek Thriller series.


About the Author
Shane Simpson is an American author, born and raised in the southwestern United States.  He is married and has two children.  He holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in Business Administration.

Albert Pabek Thriller Series
#1 - The Owner
#2 - The Obsessor

Albert Pabek Novellas
The Death of Paradise Winds

Follow Shane Simpson & Albert Pabek
ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
AlbertPabek.com

Albert Pabek Biography
Born in 1976, Albert Pabek lived in Michigan until 2012.  An only child, he is the son of the late Frank and Betty Pabek.  He stands six foot one and weighs 212 pounds.  He has black hair and pale green eyes.
Albert is a college dropout.  He attended a nearby university for three years, attempting a major in corporate finance.  From 1994 to 2008, he was a production worker at Metal Presses Incorporated, an automotive parts manufacturer.
Albert was fired in 2008, a victim of economic displacement during the Great Recession.  From 2008 to 2012, Albert designed and built Teleport, his 60-foot, technologically advanced sailboat, in a central Michigan barn.
He moved Teleport to Seattle and launched her on January 1, 2013. 
Albert now lives aboard Teleport and sails full time.
