
Foreword

This is a continuation of the Before the End Series, the follow-up to The Great Deception. This isn’t the full book however. I am far from done. Sometimes authors need a break from working on a series. 

This book focusses on the battle between the evil Uncle Ephraim, his nephew Azriel, and his brother Seth Markov. There’s a plot twist in Berlin. Suddenly not everyone is playing on the same team.

After a surgery alters his memories Azriel is trained to go on a mission to take out the only threat to Scorpion’s plans of taking over the world. 



Prologue

   

   Today, the sun forgot how to shine. It was a dark day. Very, very dark day. 
   Having had several millennia to plan this, the forces of evil were finally ready to yoke humanity into their fixed schemes for the end of days. 
   
   Sector 3 or Washington D.C. (as it formerly came known to be) grew very rich from private funding. When the revamped city got off the ground, quite literally, it wasn’t too hard to see why this location off the Potomac River could serve as the New Babylon. 

…




04/24/2041: 6AM, S3


   Esmeralda Westover had just started her day. 
   The warm sunshine of that particular morning shoved its way into the unprotected living areas that weren’t outfitted with blackout shades. The natural sunlight was one of the things Esmeralda appreciated most about her residence up in the clouds. Every room except her master suite got an overdose of the friendly UV rays. 

   She enjoyed it most though when her routine took her out onto the floor garden/green area which was simply there for the complex’s residents to bask in its radiance. Every ten floors of the massive building she lived in had one of these. It existed at the center of the cylindrical tower in a greenroom environment.  
   All in all the place she called home shone with an emerald radiance. The floor to ceiling windows of the tower expressed that color in its tint.

                                     …

   The flaky sleepies still occupied the corners of her eyes. Esmeralda hesitantly draped her legs over the side of her bed, anticipating a jolting drop to the floor: all twenty-eight inches. 
    When she had finally left the comfort of her master bedroom, the first thing that greeted her were the morning rays. The sun felt better than it should have over her body—a warmth that awakened the senses before the first pot of coffee even finished brewing. 

  She didn’t have anything booked for that day. Yet. 
   It wouldn’t be extremely unusual though to say yes to another shoot on the whim—jet to the set. These sort of things were as whimsical as her personality. 

   Still in her robe, she padded over to a vanity with its coordinating makeup mirror. 
The mirror doubled as a screen where she viewed her calendar, among other things. 
   A sudden low rumble startled the woman. Her drowsy figure searched for the source of the noise. Unsuccessful at first, Esmeralda returned back to the mirror. As soon as she sat down on the little stool the disturbance from before reared its ugly head again. 
   This time her instincts prevailed; they knew right where to take her. The missing phone, the one she had searched high and low for last night? An incoming phone call functioned as the homing beacon to draw her to the device’s location. 
   Esmeralda found herself in a mini trance, just staring at it when she at long last found it. The inbound call had nearly made it all the way to voicemail, again. That is until she flipped the device up to her ear to answer. 
   “Hello?”
    “Mom? Listen to me, it’s very important you look out your window!”
      Confusion came before blind obedience. “Wha--?”
      “Just do it,” her daughter Amanda said more firmly. 
    


   The reluctant mother didn’t have to go very far to get to the nearest window. That beautiful sunrise she woke up to? Gone. 
   At that moment long foreign shadows stodgily moved across the various living spaces in her apartment. Where there had previously been an overabundance of natural sunlight, now was blotted out by several immense objects loitering over Sector Three airspace. 
   Esmeralda clutched her robe in a defensive posture as she cautiously traipsed over to the nearest window to get a better look. 
   “Oh, my…God….” escaped her lips. 
 
                                    --


Masada: Tel Aviv, Israel 


   Azriel briefly looked away from Ephraim Markov to notice the strange room he stood in. “Dad, where are we?”
   “Home son. You are home,” he repeated a little softer and more distant than the first. 
   Even though he had heard Ephraim, he continued to walk past the man and out into a more open area, away from the room he spent the last twenty-four hours in. Azriel swiveled his head in a full three-sixty like an owl. “What is this place?” he asked again. 
   Ephraim’s eyes shifted to Stacy. They were both doing the same thing: smiling at the boy’s curiosity--amused at his juvenile line of questioning. 
   Ephraim cleared his throat and calmly approached on Azriel’s left. He then wrapped an arm around the boy’s shoulders and gave him a little shake. “We’re in Masada, son! The modern day fortress no one knows exists except for the good folks at Israel’s intelligence agency, Mossad.”
   Azirel’s face brimmed with exuberance. 
   “Tell me about it!”
   Stacy craned an ear towards Azriel and said, “What?”
   “Mossad. Tell me more,” he clarified. 
   Stacy passed the buck on to Ephraim to fill in the blanks. 
   Ephraim Markov nodded at her non-verbal request; not before running his fingers through his silver-streaked hair to fix a side part, though.
   “Come walk with me son, I’ll show you around,” he said with a twinkle in his mischievous eyes. 
    “What about mom?” Azriel replied, looking up to Stacy who stood a few inches taller than himself. 
   Stacy smiled softly at her step-son and patted him on the back.
   Ephraim’s eyes moistened a little at the sight. “You’ll see her soon. Come, come. I think you’ll wanna see what I have to show you. Lot’s to go over….”
   “Okay!” he replied with youthful exuberance. 

                                       …

   The hallway straight ahead bloated into a cavernous open air atrium. Up or down, left to right, one could glimpse a complete cutout of the one hundred plus story supertall.

   Ephraim leaned over the railing that looked down into a deep abyss—thirty-nine stories to the lobby. He placed more weight of his than he should have in his elbows. If someone happened to bump into the Head of Kidon at that moment, he’d wind up a bloody mess on the marble far below. 
   Azriel fearlessly perched at the same waist-high rail as the man he now called father did. 
   
    The cerebrum transfiguration had changed so much about the young man. His fears and insecurity? Gone. Replaced by an adaptable personality that used any methods or means possible to overcome obstacles. 
   Before the transformation Uncle Ephraim was one of those obstacles. Now, the boy knew the man to be his father. He didn’t know any different. Though that would only be just scratching the surface of the changes he had undergone under the knife. 
   Manufactured memories of a happy childhood with Stacy as a nurturer and Ephraim as the caring father played in the boy’s mind. 
    He looked over at his new dad. “When can I start doing what you do around here?”
    The suddenness combined with the absence of a preamble startled Ephraim. 
    “Boy, where did that come from?” He didn’t know what else to say. 
   “What do you mean, father?”
   “Nothing,” he said quietly while shaking his head ever so slightly. 
   
   “There’s so much to say. I don’t know where to start,” Ephraim said after an interlude of silence. 
   “Start where it seems logical to,” the thirteen-year-old suggested. 
   Ephraim smiled at this. Getting offered advice from a youngster seemed so foreign to the old-hand agency man. However, this youngster was his son now. 

   It would take time to reconcile the new change though. These things took far longer than the operation itself. Much longer. No program, equipment, or medical miracles could facilitate familiarity among a newly-formed family. Again, time would be the conduit through which the cerebrum transfiguration patient (Azriel) and his new family would have to travel through in order for them to become a unit.

   “Azriel?”
   The boy evenly measured his father, waiting for an interesting tidbit to come out of the man’s mouth. 
   “I’d like to take you where your sister Esther is training at. We can get you plugged in today if you like!” 
   Azriel didn’t expect this kind of information. The message most pleased him however. He wanted to know when he could start. Start doing what mattered in life. Start walking in his father (Ephraim’s) footsteps. 
   
   Here’s to the journey. 

                                       --

Barcelona, Spain


   The cafeteria at the Mossad hub in Barcelona didn’t seek to thrill those who were on the meal voucher system. It merely existed like the rest of the well-greased operation that ran underground at the black site location. 
   Vegetables were delivered to the kitchen for dishes far less often than meat and grains—the traditional food staples. 
   That night the special was trout. Chicken soup simmered in tall pots with steam escaping through the wide-mouth opening. Beef kebabs served on skewers with fried veggies were another option. 
   Braided Shabatt bread with its fluffy yellow interior dominated all other smells in the kitchen, however. It was nearing Easter, so naturally the seasonal bread proliferated over all others at the black site. 
   
   Agent Marcello passed through the cafeteria line slower than normal. His mind worked quietly as he ladeled a little soup into a styrofoam cup. He anticipated the phone call the Germans promised they would make with their handlers which were somehow connected to Scorpion. 
   An alarming thought pierced through all the others: What if all they’re saying is a hoax? Disinformation? 
   It wouldn’t be the first time it’s happened to Agent Marcello. Several others that had gone on before the Germans employed the same tactic. It reaped excellent short-term returns for the promulgators of the lie, but in the end the truth would always come out. In this scenario though he hoped the bad guys were actually playing by the rules this time and not making life more difficult for him and Mossad. 
   For time was not on their side.
   
                                          …`


   Three little raps on the door signaled there would be new faces in the room…or returning ones, more than likely. 
   
   Agent Marcello invited himself back into Interrogation Room 3a with a deliberate attempt at an exaggerated reentry. 
   “Miss me?” he flashed a toothy grin the German’s way. 
   When neither one of them gave him the satisfaction of a change in expression or tort reply, he politely set their meal down on the table. 
   Alfonso didn’t say another word as the two German officials grabbed at the grub with a gusto that appeared more barbarian than civilized and measured. 

   When the last morsel of food had been cleaned off their plates, Alfonso resolved to move forward once more without further delay. 
   Before the Israeli could get underway Amalia promptly reminded her interrogator that they still hadn’t been allowed to shower or change clothes per the prearrangement they had agreed upon.
   “For shame,” Alfonso said, shaking his head in mock sympathy. “Don’t you hate it when people don’t hold up to their end of the bargain? There’s a lesson that can be learned here.”
His eyes grew more intense as he stared down the victims who sat there looking like fattened livestock before the slaughter. 
   Wendel’s head throbbed a little. He winced. “Let’s just get it over with already.” He held an open hand out, ready to accept the phone he would use to contact his people. 

   “Ah! But first we must do a few things to you before you make any calls,” Alfonso quickly said dismissively. 
   Wendel’s face turned red in an instant.  “We had a deal!” 
   “Yes, we did,” Agent Marcello deflected, “however we have a few redundancies which must be put into place in order to insure truthful compliancy on your part when you make the call.”
   “Wire me up then, if you must,” Wendel indignantly stated. “I will do anything to shorten my dealings with scum like you. I’ll deliver for you….”
   “I expect no less than your best,” Agent Marcello said while he untangled some wire to a few contraptions he was prepared to use on the Germans before they placed any calls. 
                                    --

                              
Chapter 1



Berlin, Germany


   This wouldn’t be a zero-hour operation. On the contrary, the hit would take place during the hum-drum, early hours of the morning—at the start of everyone’s work day at Germany’s Interior Ministry. 
    
                                         …

   Dimitri, Sofia Keller’s limo driver, woke up extremely early that day. First he hit the gym after he enjoyed a protein-rich breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon. When he got back from his sweaty routine, a healthy shake waited for him in the fridge.
   Feeling refreshed from the invigorating exercise and chocolate-flavored supplement he took afterwards, it was time to pad on over to the bathroom in the flat to clean up before continuing his daily grind.
   Dimitri’s workout suit dropped onto the tiled floor in a haphazard, stinky heap. He stripped down to nothing then hit the button on the shower wall to start the jets. 
   Streams of water blasted out from the nozzles, pulsating against the back wall of the enclosure at irregular intervals. Dimitri stepped into the spray when he felt satisfied the water was warm enough, but not blazing hot. 
   The water coursed over the man’s muscular body. Before long it mixed in with the suds. Dimitri remembered he had a music player he could play with, too. His dripping wet finger dialed in his favorite playlist of songs. A surround sound system made the shower become an experience. 
   If anyone were to ever break-and-enter, now would be their golden opportunity. 
   Normally Dimitri was always prepared for the worst. He frequently conceal-carried a sidearm. His self-defense didn’t stop with a gun either, though. The German’s martial art skills weren’t anything to be taken lightly. He could dislocate shoulders, hips…put the hurt on a victim in a hurry in a myriad of ways. 
   
   At the moment an opus from Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony chorused through the six speaker system in Dimitri’s shower. It made him linger even longer than he normally would have underneath the steamy streams of water which seemed to match the intensity to which the orchestra played. 
   Unbeknownst to the preoccupied man in the shower his dog had been barking for a few minutes. Its cries suddenly went silent after it let out the telltale whimper. 
   The double basses, cellos, and percussion came in strong during the climax to a particular opus. Each one of their distinct voices added to the hauntingly beautiful mastery of orchestral symphony. 
   Dimitri never grew tired of these scores of music written centuries before. 
   Just then the fan in the room automatically kicked in to purge the air which was thick with steam. The loud noise the ventilation system made when it switched on drowned out the far more subtle disturbance of the door handle turning.
   The bows of the violinists went up and down a few more times--the screechy dissonance serving as the apropos death knell to Dimitri’s waning last seconds.
   A black silencer-tipped muzzle appeared between the void of the cracked bathroom door. Three pew, pew, pews ended Beethoven’s Ninth…and Dimitri’s existence. The German lay dead against the back wall of his travertine tiled shower; his crimson blood funneling towards the drain in the center of the smooth stone surface.

                                     --




   Seth parked his black sedan with fake plates a few miles away from the parking garage he needed to get to. It was a cool fifteen degrees Celsius out that morning. The sun hid behind partial cloud coverage, and a nippy breeze from the north would occasionally gust across the open areas. 
   Agent Markov wore a grey wool henley top with light body armor underneath. Enough protection against small arms fire and most rifles. Although .50 Cal rounds would make things a little dicey for the Israeli. 
   He had on black tactical pants that could resist tears, liquids…the harshest treatment you could put it through. 
   His boots were special. They were equipped with springs in them for extra hop for clearing walls more easily. The level of traction in the insole was enough to allow Seth to nearly scale walls vertically. Nearly. Certain materials still proved difficult to climb like Spiderman though. That’s why he wore fingerless gloves which had a gecko-like skin on the palms. 
   His whole uniform was tailor-made for the urban fighter’s environment. In the concrete jungle they gave their user an unsurpassed advantage over traditional mountain climber gear used by militaries and police forces for decades. Outfitted with the wonder gloves he wore, Agent Markov could go where most men couldn’t. 
   Today, he would need to. 
   
                                        …


   The U-bahn is Berlin’s heavily-traveled subway system. Its tunnels are so expansive and pervasive that even though the world in 2041 has primarily gotten around quicker with flying transport or speedy autonomous vehicles…subways still reign in the Fourth Reich’s capital city. 

   Line U5 began to near a station three blocks away from the government buildings in the empire’s capital. It slowed drastically from a cruising speed of nearly four hundred kilometers an hour down to nothing in an eighth of a mile or less. That’s what you call efficiency. And millions of passengers in Berlin chose to ride it as their principal means of getting around town.   
   Seth stepped off the middle car at the station the moment the doors opened. He remained obscured from the vision of cameras by staying very close to the throngs of people bustling to and fro in the cavernous plazas that connected the people of Berlin with ground zero of a burgeoning hub. 
   Many office buildings actually had their entrances in these plazas instead of on the street level, further eliminating the need to use the city streets. This was all by design to get cars off the roads and make Berlin more walkable. And when it got cold three out of four seasons in the year, it would be much easier to stay warmer down below than above the city where the elements got the best of anyone risky enough to hazard the cold. 

   Seth moved with the ebb and flow of the traffic—now much closer to his end goal destination than ever before. Still, plenty could go wrong with their plan and he knew it. Discerning that gave him an adrenaline rush like none other, too. This would be one of his more important missions of many in the robust repertoire of the veteran Mossad man. 
   His partner Baruch counted on Seth to be the linchpin of the whole operation. 

   What he had to do? 

   Get past security, learn the behavior of the motorcade crew—how many there were, their movements, etc., and most importantly communicate with Baruch the best time for him to slip in and assume chauffeur status of the interior minister’s limousine. 
   Obviously nothing went according to plan in these scenarios; it was always good to leave room for mishaps and unanticipated actions or reactions. 
   
   As he walked the busy terminals in Berlin’s U-bahn, he kept an eye out for a corner store where he could buy a ball cap at. 
   Seth wouldn’t use DigiCoin because that tender tied the user with his born identity, defeating any aliases or other clever attempts at anonymity. However since there still was coin and bill currency in wide enough circulation, it wouldn’t be a problem for the Mossad agent to masquerade as an undercover Spanish terrorist that day. 

   Once he had found a store with little trouble at all, it didn’t take him long to decide on a hat which so happened to display the logo and colors of Germany’s Major League Soccer team. Simply wearing it would almost instantly engender him to the respect of the locals. 
   Next up he needed a cup of coffee; everyone around him held one in their hands. It was cold enough too for the Israeli who was much more accustomed to an arid Mediterranean climate than the chilly German one he existed in at the moment. 
   Seth was in luck. Soon as he left the one store wearing his soccer hat he observed the place next to it appeared to be a coffee shop. 
   The inconspicuous man with balanced measurements—six-one, two benjis—became the latest person to form the line that circled the dining room and went all the way out to the door.
   Seth looked down at his Swiss watch and measured how much time he could spend at such a place. Then he looked down at his boots and tensed a little more. Seth quickly made up his mind: he needed the darkest roast they had. And he needed it now. The mission’s success depended on it. 
   That wasn’t a gross exaggeration at all from Seth’s end of things. 
   Others who knew the man well understood him to be a little too caffeine dependent; Agent Markov would neither confirm nor deny their claims, which only served to further validate them. 
    “Five DigiCoin,” the lady with the fair freckled complexion politely requested when Seth said he wanted a medium coffee. 
    Despite needing to be somewhere on the most important mission he’d do in a while Seth showed his gall to protest the price. 
   Ein wenig hoch , oder? A little high, no? 
   The woman shrugged, but said nothing. She wore the expression that said, “Just pay up and don’t give me any trouble.”
   Seth laid down his currency with a reluctance to underscore the point he passionately believed in: no cup of coffee should ever cost five DigiCoin. 
   The barista appeared to judge the Jewish man for the bills he was offering her. However, she had a line. Expediency suited her better than haggling with a difficult customer.
   
   Seth had another thought coming after he finally was handed a to-go cup: I’m debating with a girl over the price of coffee when in a short while I’m gonna be taking lives. Odd. 
   Seth cupped his fingerless gloves around the rim of the lid and gingerly tipped it back to experience the caffeinated goodness and hopefully expel the chill from his body. He repeated these steps until a warmth gradually took over and his mind became extremely lucid from the beverage. 
   Whatever Germans that were loyal to the flag that got in his way today? They’d perish. 
--





   Tyrone Banks woke up feeling strangely refreshed. He didn’t anticipate getting any sleep, but the opposite came true. A good omen? Maybe.  
   The fifty-something retired agent rolled off the spring mattress onto the carpeted floor. He had stayed the night at a local bed and breakfast on the Poland side of the border, a hundred miles from Berlin. Baruch and Seth both had gone their own separate ways after the brainstorming session at the restaurant the night before. 
   
   You never actually retired even after you cleaned off your desk and walked out the front door of Mossad. In some ways, the work piled on all the more--post-Mossad. At least that had been the case for Tyrone. 

…

   Today didn’t feel like the morning of an operation. But it had arrived, nonetheless. 
   The African-American didn’t bother hitting snooze either. Not today. 
   He showered, ate--left his room the way he found it and paid at the front desk. Before he left the inn, he troubled the bellhop to help load up his vehicle. Tyrone thanked the youth for his services and duly tipped him. 
   The young man didn’t expect to get anything in return; Tyrone’s smile and token of appreciation made the bellhop smile broadly and say at once in Polish, Mają bezpieczną podróż! Have a safe journey! 
   Tyrone’s smile faded and turned frosty. Safe? His travels would be anything but safe. 
   He slowly pulled out and got on the main road.
   That day he decided not to caffeinate, but rather just go with his smokes. He smoked one right now as he drove in silence. 
   The ash dripped off his cig and landed on the soft synthetic materials of his dashboard. Tyrone didn’t notice, didn’t care. He liked smoking in his car. Passengers? No, that’s not how he got around. Tyrone’s vehicle never would be a carpooling service. 
   The African American drove with a purpose. He headed to an underground parking garage in Berlin. It had been mutually agreed upon by the three men on a mission that Tyrone would be best close to the action and not directing the show from an arm chair in another country entirely. Additionally, he needed to be close enough to intercept the shortwave radio frequencies the police communicated on.
   Three hours later after fighting the morning rush hour headed into the city, Tyrone Banks finally found a place to stop and set up shop. 
   The middle-aged man got out to stretch, survey his surroundings a bit, and finally return back to base. When he made it back to his parked mobile communications center, instead of hopping back in on the driver’s side he moved around to the back and activated a motion sensor which caused the tailgate to rise.  
   It didn’t go up nearly fast enough though for Tyrone who was already ducking under it to mount up. He had more work to do than he felt comfortable with. 
   No time to start like the present though. 
   After his computer array booted up and he stared at his version of a start screen, the man quietly blew air into his palms before he briskly rubbed them together: a little ritual he did to relax himself before he did something big. 
   Three screens had four quadrants on each which were carved up for various tasks like terminals, browser windows, and other various software. The back of Tyrone’s SUV would be the beating heart of the operation in Berlin. He had eyes and ears across the whole spectrum of where the operatives would be that day. 
   Tyrone went into his Linux terminal and used a secure shell to initiate a conversation over an encrypted IRC (internet relay chat) client. He then typed in /msg CCGuy22 I’m ready and waited.
   A little pinging noise sounded in the quiet interior of his command post.
   Status?
   Tyrone typed it out hastily: Alpha Centauri. The green cursor blinked away, awaiting the appropriate response from his contact in Spain.
   Cyberspace was restless for an answer from Carlos Castell, Spain’s governor. You should see the file, he messaged.
   Tyrone looked at a different monitor this time after he read the words. An encrypted volume he had preemptively loaded now showed a new file that had made the journey from Barcelona to Berlin. He quickly accessed it…his heart rate beginning to run away a little bit.
   The first thing he opened was the readme. It briefly explained in short text that the information and plans contained in the subsequent files were highly classified and obtained through secure channels. The document also referenced the torture of two Germans from the Interior Ministry by Mossad.
   Tyrone’s eyes fell across the line with the words Mossad and torture in it. His other contact in Barcelona, Agent Marcelo, had personally carried out the interrogation of the criminal Germans. What he wasn’t able to tell Tyrone before would now be revealed that morning.
   However, before he even remotely became interested in the bigger picture, Tyrone only engrossed himself in the directories of the attachment that related strictly to the Berlin mission.
   Near the top of the file tree a folder titled “Access granted” incentivized him to click on it first over all the rest. When he opened it his computer executed several commands which automatically blasted jpeg images onto separate windows in a shutter style effect where one window overlaid the other—similar to a deck of cards. His eyes shifted over to another screen on his right where he took in the new sensory data on display.
   The image in the forefront of the stack blew up to a larger size through the aid of an eyetracker which let the software know precisely what Tyrone stared at. When Tyrone’s hands spread apart in front of his computer’s cameras and motions sensors which tracked what his hands did, his machine then interpreted them into screen manipulations.
   What he was looking at were security clearance credentials supplied by the Germans who had no choice other than to give them up. Not only that, separate images underneath the first one correspondingly tied in with it: Full 3D retinal and palm scans were captured and recorded in a digital mold in order to make it easy to replicate for anyone who wanted to get into the German Interior Ministry campus as Wendel or Amalia (the government officials captured in Barcelona).
   Tyrone knew just the thing too for how his operatives Seth and Baruch would accomplish this. Using 3D scanners and printers, the Israelis would be able to print out tissue for their hands and contacts for their eyes to enable the two men to clothe themselves with the Germans’ distinct identities.
   The deception would work perfectly, too. As far as Tyrone knew, the German government hadn’t put out a bulletin yet on any missing diplomats. If the operation’s luck could hold a little longer, it would stay that way. The last thing Tyrone and his crew needed was for there to be unrest in the Fourth Reich over personnel disappearing on an inspection to Barcelona…which is precisely what did happen.
      Tyrone rarely did it, almost never, in fact, yet somehow some way it now seemed appropriate to crack his knuckles. The brittle bones of his going out of joint then back in satisfied his ears with a sound similar to a log crackling under the intense heat of a campfire.
   Tyrone continued to slave away at the sets of data. He slowly but surely moved his way on down through the data until he had opened every last directory, every last file in the attachment.
   Now suddenly the scope of his assignment just got bigger with his aided enlightenment.
   Tyrone instinctively looked down at his pack of old-fashioned cigarettes. The stress brought on by the new information made him crave the cancer sticks like never before.
--





   How could a room look so cool? All the elements were so disparate, yet they worked in the space. The color pallet wasn’t monochromatic either. Tapestries dyed in vivacious reds hung from purple colonnades. 
   Workstations were more conservative than their non-conformal surroundings however. Cubicles had never looked so modern before until now. They still retained their four-sided box, yet somehow managed to shed the cramped feeling that notoriously came with thanks to their ingenious arbor design with bars that went across at the top to hang whimsical decorations down from.
    Esther reclined in a zero gravity chair with her body parallel to the ground. Three monitors hanging in the balance on an elaborate scaffolding kept the information she needed to see only a comfortable glimpse away—no neck strain whatsoever.
   Silence and tranquility were the unspoken rules to working in the very much controlled environment. Those two things were what tricked the young cadets into thinking what they were accomplishing wasn’t hard work at all, but merely another day in the office. 
   Music with a foot-tapping rhythm to it played through Esther’s headphones. She chewed on a nail while simultaneously taking in a message from just the person she didn’t care to talk to right now: a guy who had graduated from the program a year prior. 
   What do you want dude? her agitated brain mulled while she read the message’s contents, and then read it again for any underlying nuances she may have missed beforehand. This guy didn’t talk in riddles, nor did he ever give it to her straight either; there was always at least a little pretext though. That was one thing she could be sure of. 
   “What kinds of assignments are you doing these days?” he asked. 
   Esther fired back, “Whomever do you mean? Team Muskateer, or me personally?”
   The slowness in his reply told on him: he felt stupid for speaking in such ambiguity. Especially since he had moved up in the agency where clear communication was cornerstone to anything that happened. 
   “And besides, friend or not, you know I can’t give you an honest answer on my activities. I’d have to kill you if I did,” she typed out. No winking smiley face followed her last message, leaving it up to him to determine what she had really meant. Esther flipped up a tussle of hair that had accidentally floated down into her field of vision; she smiled big—more or less because it made her smirk wondering what her old secret admirer was thinking right at this moment. 
   
   An icon that previously was lit up green to indicate his presence in the chat room now turned gray. Something had come up on his end necessitating an early exit from an otherwise typical back and forth between a girl he swore still loved him. 
   Esther sighed. He had retreated again (!) she concluded from the clues he had left her. Flipping that switch back to work mode came easy for her after a talk like that. 
   Today she trudged through simulated worst-case scenarios the agency had cadets go through in order to bring them up higher to the next level. This process repeated itself over and over to develop reflexes, mental toughness, appropriate tactical decisions when under duress…and the list of reasons stretched on and on. 
   Since it was still the morning though, her routine consisted mainly of setting up the mission profile through her terminal and obtaining Intel on the threats she would face in the virtual reality environment she’d suit up for later after she had lunch. 
   The excitement wouldn’t cease until her head hit the pillow at the end of the day: just the way she liked it. 

…

   And then something unexpected happened to her world.
   He showed up. Not the dude from the chatroom either. A face she failed to forget. 
   “Esther, that you?” the young boy with the bouncing black curls called out from a long ways off.
   This is all in my head. I’ve got to see a guidance counselor about these day dreams I’ve been having. 
   He asked another question as he drew closer: “What are you doing here?”
   Crap. This is real.
--




Chapter 2



The Ozarks,


   Another morning had dawned, however the prisoners of the underground penitentiary facility of the Ozarks learned to forget what a sunrise looked like. It was a fact of life that went with existing underground in a subterranean prison. The oxygen didn’t taste as good, no natural light, and the smells? Sulfuric, musty scents: not exactly perfume or cologne line fragrances.
   
   Damion brooded in a corner. There he sat cross-legged planning his escape route. Various ideas, big and small, were all in play for him; he even dreamt of escaping the prison like the comic book character Iron Man did from his captivity. Just the thought of blasting all the prison guards with flamethrowers from a jerry-rigged exoskeleton suit made him feel better already. 
   “Christophe?”
    The Frenchman merely grunted to acknowledge he was listening. 
   “I could make a ham radio. Signal friends….”
   Christophe openly scoffed. “Where would you get all the parts anyway? And lest you forget friend, time is not on our side. We needed to escape like yesterday.”
   Damion frowned and slowly nodded his head in defeat. He knew Gerard was right. No sense in arguing.
   “Then what do we do?” he said at last out of desperation. 
   “We wait for a rescue,” the scientist said reassuringly. He wanly smiled then added, “There is one thing we can do to be proactive my friend.”
   “Oh? Do I want to know?” 
   “No,” he chuckled, “but I think desperate times call for desperate measures. You said you’re catholic, right?”
   This brought on an ear-to-ear grin from Damion. “I knew you were going there.”
   “Can you fault a man for trying?”
   “You’re persistent, I’ll give you that. But you forget who you’re talking to. I’m not about to pray to an imaginary god. No, no, no!” he emphatically stated, his eyes growing more dim and lifeless with each no he uttered.
   Christophe ignored the show of smoldering anger and instead started praying out loud. “Dear God, please smack this befuddled billionaire straight upside the head for me. Knock some sense into that confused brain of his. Show him there’s another way, and it ain’t a ham radio. Amen.”
   Damion stood up, his jaw as slack as the rest of his features. He remained fixed in a closed stance, his eyes wide open in astonishment. “You—” But the words weren’t there. He turned around and instead hefted his body onto his cot and began punching his pillow uncontrollably. 
   “Why?!” he screamed into his punching bag, his face turning red.
    “We’re not always told the why in life, but we must learn to accept the circumstances and adapt our emotions to them, anyhow,” Christophe said with his index finger raised while he made his point. 
   Damion didn’t stir for a moment. He simply laid there motionless on his disorderly mattress with his face burrowed into the thin feather pillow. His anger slowly turned to sadness. His shoulders rose and fell. The man who normally kept a tough as nails exterior began to burst at the seams. The emotions came out in small sobs. 
   This greatly intrigued Christophe. He had never seen his business partner this way. Never. 
   “Uh, Damion?” By now Gerard had crossed the dirty floor. He rested his sweaty palm on Damion’s shoulder blade as he spoke to him in a small voice. 
   The man made of money turned his head ever so slightly to notice how close his friend was. 
   “I turned my mom away, Christophe. Made her leave my place crying. Now I’ll never see her again to tell her I’m sorry.”
   This bit of news completely shocked Christophe. Damion rarely shared about himself. He remained guarded, kept many secrets. However, the little prison experiment seemed to be changing that. For the first time Christophe got a sneak peek into the inner sanctum of Damion’s heart. There was flesh there, not stone…deep feelings, not just hollow lofty thoughts of self. 
   Christophe was more than ready to regard his closest colleague in a different light. Maybe even the most stubborn people could change their ways after all. 
   No sooner had the changed man turn a new leaf did he revert back to his well-worn system defaults.
   “I liked you better from across the room than at my side. Your bedside manner has exceeded my comfort level.”
   Christophe snorted and flipped his head back to chortle. “That didn’t take long.” 
   Damion smiled weakly. “You like me for me—that other guy you just witnessed? He doesn’t exist.”
   Christophe played along. “Just another ghost from your past?”
   “Precisely.” 
   “Ah, we understand each other, monsieur.”
   Damion used one of the few words he knew in French to answer his friend: “Exactement.” (Pronounced exact-a-moh) Exactly. 
                                    --




   Several foreign objects never before seen passing through Sector 3 airspace much less any sovereign airspace on planet earth now appeared content to park themselves over the center of the city. 
   What the residents of the former capital of the United States of America didn’t know was this very same occurrence happened to be a global phenomenon and not merely native to the skies of what once used to be the District of Columbia.
   
   It was anyone’s guess what would happen next….

…

   Beijing in the year 2041 looked nothing like its primordial self in the mid twentieth century. Its population density far surpassed any other urban area on the globe with only Tokyo on its doorstep as the runner up. 
   The powers that be over mainland China weren’t Commies like their forefathers, but rather more like interest-driven beneficiaries of the economic reforms started in the early nineties of the late twentieth century. And furthermore, the boost in Chinese military spending before WWIII witnessed a sharp decline after the bloody, nuclear conflict. The years following the third world war the leaders of the declining economic superpower thought it more prudent and sound to invest in better highways, high-speed transport, and industrial infrastructure versus a robust military. China remained very estimable, yet at the same time much less prominent on a very globalistic world stage. 
   Tonight she would wish she hadn’t let her military stagnate so much to the point of turning into a mothball, boneyard fleet.
   
   Young men dressed in Armani suits with Burberry shades on; all of the business crowd wore their earpieces too so they could stay connected with their clients while on the run. 
   The scene painted on the city streets of Beijing’s core wasn’t one of gridlock or smog like its stereotype had been for many years. Instead a very coordinated flow of connected, autonomous cars drove their many passengers to their per diem destinations in the very happening city center. 
   Beijing also benefitted from the flying car phenomenon which had its origins in Austin, Texas. Even more sophisticated designs for flying personal transport continued to skate their way through the patent offices and eventually see real-world mileage in the skies of China and other major metropolitan areas the world over. This miracle in the aviation sector did wonders to alleviate congestion at ground zero as well as give people a good option to be anywhere and everywhere at a moment’s notice.

   Today the Sky Belt traffic weaving in and out of skyscrapers was overshadowed, quite literally, by a flock of oblong, foreboding discs moving at a leisurely pace. These UFO’s, just like their cousins in various parts of the world which were doing exactly the same thing, didn’t seem to have an apparent agenda judging by their lack of speed or purposeful direction in which they were headed. Nevertheless, these foreign objects in the skies achieved the one thing their commanders flying them had in mind: confuse the humans, scatter the roaches. Make them panic to the point of entering into a military conflict as a united human race, rather than as separate nations with weak militaries. 
   
   This terrifying sight which repeated over and over on planet earth didn’t guarantee inaction from vigilantes who were local to the sky invasion, however. On the contrary many daring individuals sought to scramble air assets to be the first responders to the crisis: rather than sit around and wait for E.T. to stomp its boot on the ant, the ant would make the opening move.
   The commanders overseeing the holographic invasion forces anticipated such a reaction from mankind. Howard & Co. from Scorpion prepared a very real response for just this kind of contingency. No they didn’t plan on dropping a Star Wars invasion force from orbit to back up the disc projections which were merely there to scare and frustrate any attempts from man to immediately remedy the doomsday picture. 
   Scorpion had an even better way to handle it. 
   Stolen from Westover Ventures were revolutionary plans to weaponize holograms and allow them to inflict mortal blows on humans in a very tangible way. No one knew such a technology even existed much less could be achieved other than the weapon’s proprietor himself, Damion Westover…and the thief who took it from him—Howard. 
   This quantum leap in holography would change the battlefields forever. Wars would be fought in ways never even imagined. Sci-fi had some catching up to do with reality in this strange wrinkle in the timeline. 
   But first, history was about to take a decisive turn in Howard’s favor…and no one appeared ready to counter his move. 

--




Berlin, Germany


   The Mossad agent wore all black down to the little booties he slipped on over his shoes to avoid tracking through the house. The killer stared at the lifeless corps that slackly leaned up against the shower wall.
   It had been too easy.
   Everything he did next bore the resemblance of extreme familiarity in the field of cold, calculating executions. Baruch unscrewed the silencer on his pistol first thing, broke down the firearm, and tucked it away into a rucksack he had on his back. The agent didn’t bother locating the rounds he had fired into the victim either. No sense. Baruch had used easily obtainable ammo that wouldn’t be traceable back to Mossad. However, he did decide to backtrack to his point of entry into the room. At precisely the fateful juncture where the gun went off, he decided to exam the doorjamb for any burn marks or other impressions that may have been left to indicate a weapon had discharged.
   White paint seemed to be missing just below waist level on the wooden frame. Baruch inspected his gun once more and found it to be clean. The Israeli shrugged before getting back up on his feet from a squatting stance. The coast remained all clear. There was nothing more to do other than make a clean exit. And then a phone call.

…

   “Did he get it?” an eerie voice rasped in the agent’s ear.
   “Three to the brain.”
   “Good.”
   “Firefly?”
   “Hm?”
   “Are the traps set? Are the nets ready?”
   “That is not for you to ask. You merely do. That is all.”
   Baruch’s expression changed. He said nothing.
   “Dragon, stay on this line.”
   “Roger that,” Baruch replied in a monotone.
   An intermittent insertion of static gave way to the same voice from before, only stronger and with a stern message. “Dragon?”
   “Go for Dragon.”
   Firefly spoke, saying, “I have a tracker on you. Changing out of your clothes would be useless. I wouldn’t advise that.”
   “Okay?”
   “All you need to do is follow orders and you will make it out of this mission in one piece. I can’t guarantee that for your friends though.”
   Baruch glowered. “Oh, they’re not my friends.”
   “Good! You will do well.”
   Baruch hung up at these words right after he slid into his parked car that waited for him in an alley. He had remote started it all the way from the house. By the time he sat in the driver’s seat the cabin’s temperature had risen to a comfortable sixty-eight.
   Time to get on the move, again 
--




Masada, Tel Aviv


   Malach Kemper touched the top edge of one domino which caused a chain reaction of the rest on his desk. The noisy clatter preceded the final black and white piece that triumphantly landed away and to the side from its fallen brethren on the wooden surface. Malach picked the last piece up, turning the smooth stick of porcelain to and fro in between his fingers. A pattern of six dots peaked out from where his thumb held the domino. The man’s face turned into one big wicked smile.
   An encrypted agency phone which sat perched on a desk organizer started to buzz. Malach rolled his chair closer to the source before his hand deftly reached out to snare the device from its resting place.
   “Yeah.”
   “Am I a go?
   “Not Berlin, this is not the time or place.”
   It was evident judging by the cursing and muttering this kind of answer from Malach didn’t jive well with the listener.
   “Why?” the other man asked at last.
   “Son, do you trust me?”
   The mature, deep male voice on the other end appeared to catch upon hearing the term of endearment used. But after a short while, he said a little unsteadily, “Yes.”
   “We need to let the events unfold in the Berlin Mission per our earlier discussion without anymore intervention. Let Baruch handle things on his end, then we’ll leave the rest up to Berlin’s police and the government to tighten the noose on Tyrone and…” Malach paused while preparing to mention the next figure, “Seth Markov.”
   The head of Kidon of Mossad rarely got nervous, yet uttering Azriel Markov’s biological father’s name in context of a mission to destroy said person made Malach naturally feel on edge. He worried whether Azriel’s cerebrum memory transfiguration surgery had fully worked to remove all traces of the young man’s real father from his mind.
   Only time would tell, really. And that’s what worried him to no end. All his work to re-train Azriel to despise Seth and view him as a traitor to the state and to Judaism would all be for naught if in a moment of confused emotions Azriel sees Seth at death’s door, sees his real father’s pleading eyes, and then in a flashpoint of profound implications Azriel remembers everything just in the nick of time to stay a trigger pull that would have ended Seth Markov’s life.
   That’s precisely why Azriel couldn’t be allowed to be sent to do the job in Berlin. Yes, the boy had risen to the top of the agency’s operatives--had proven himself to be even more capable in some ways than his father, Seth Markov; however, there were absolutely no assurances that in the moment when it was in Azriel’s power to end Seth’s life whether or not the memory transfiguration would hold….Worst case scenario  something might prove to be the catalyst to a reversal and the truth would all come flooding back to the young man just in time to stop his impending squeeze of the trigger.
   
   Azriel had come a long way from inception. Five years ago when he was reborn in an operating room on the thirty-ninth floor of Masada near Tel Aviv, he possessed the raw potential to be and do something great--to be an even more bad-ass agent than Seth Markov. For normal people though, such aspirations were inconceivable. Silly.
   Azriel Markov left the chamber (where he had been operated on) not as a normal person, but rather an almost subservient robot tooled to blindly follow Uncle Ephraim’s every desire without questioning motive. He simply did. And in essence, Ephraim Markov, aka Malach Kemper, had at his disposal one of the deadliest weapons in the Scorpion arsenal. Yes, the Scorpion arsenal.
                                         
--





   Tyrone Banks painstakingly sifted through the remaining files while puffing away the final cig from the pack he had with him. He didn’t need anymore harmful carcinogens than he already had. The bad habit that had started during his college days ceased to desist—thirty years later. 
   One positive thing that hadn’t changed with time though was his amazing handle on complex problems and summiting the Mount Everest of the hacker’s world routinely. No system was too hardened for him to expose the vulnerabilities and gain root access. 
   
…

   Getting into the police and government servers to do his dark magic would be tricky, but not overwhelming in the least. For that, Tyrone actually would rely on outside help in order to make the hack into the Interior Ministry. 

How it would go down   
   
   Seth out in the field would employ the social engineering tactic to gain physical access to the network nodes of the German Interior Ministry in order to plant packet sniffers so that all the traffic on the agency’s computers could be relayed back to Tyrone Bank’s terminal. 
   All the German’s information that Tyrone would now be privy to after the successful hack would then be filtered and consequently dispensed into various categories by way of very advanced software which exercised tried and true algorithms to distill the information down to only the parts that mattered. AI protocols which knew what to look for would then form alerts that appeared in a central HUD (heads up display) where Tyrone could take in the most crucial messages at a glance. Anything that came up that might compromise the mission would assuredly appear on one of the monitors in the control center of the SUV. And if that threat exposed either one of the operatives or put them in harm’s way, the African American directing the show would get on the horn and give the agent in danger an escape route. 
   
   As far as getting on the police bandwidth, Tyrone had decryption software that could tear down the wall that previously obfuscated police communication from individuals attempting to get on the same frequency. 
   All it took were a few scripts and he was in. 

…
   
   Hearing the first radio traffic between squad cars and a dispatcher gave Tyrone goose bumps. This was real. Everything he did from here on in had immense consequence on operational success, not like it hadn’t before. However, the effect his decisions made henceforth multiplied twenty-fold. 
   A new message in IRC caught his eye. CCGuy22 again. 
   “Report,” he requested. 
   “About to send the AG files to a contact in the city who can do up Argo 1.” 
   Governor Carlos Castell in Barcelona knew Argo 1 to mean Agent Seth Markov. The enigmatic language wasn’t lost on him either. He understood “do up” translated into the 3D schematics he sent in the Access Granted files. And that it involved making a husk and contacts for Agent Markov to impersonate a German commissioner of the Interior Ministry: Wendel. 
   A half hour went by without a response. It was half past seven and that worried Tyrone a little. 
   “You still there CCGuy22?”
   The bot that was running on the Spanish governor’s computer answered for the absent Carlos Castel: “Yes. I sent backup. Friendly inbound. Don’t do anything stupid.”
   Tyrone looked at the communication with shock and wonder. 
   What in the sam heck is going on…he muttered. 
   Just then the tailgate to the secured mobile communications center began to rise. The locks must have been overridden. The moment seemed surreal. If that wasn’t bizarre enough, the familiar face staring in at Tyrone Banks was. 
   A nonplused Tyrone croaked, “Dekel Hornik?” 

--




Chapter 3




   Being so close to the building he would enter into as commissioner Wendel overstimulated the Israeli’s adrenal glands. 
   All the ambient noise of the tunnels and corridors of an underground city faded away in an instant when Tyrone’s voice filled his ears in surround sound. 
   “Have you arrived at Eldrich’s yet?”
   Seth knew Tyrone to be tracking his progress in real time with pinpoint accuracy. In short, it was more of a rhetorical question than anything else.
   “I had to get coffee and buy a hat.”
   “Pick up the pace a bit. I’ve already sent the necessary files along with your measurements to an eager Mr. E. You’ll be in and out.”
   The Mossad agent scanning his surroundings every five seconds said, “Good,” nodding his head. 
   Tyrone knew what happened in the field. Judging by the simple replies he got from his asset he knew there had to have been an overabundance of images for Seth’s field of vision to take in, process, then make real-time decisions on friend or foe, threats or non-threats. 
   Enemies were lurking all around. Always. Those that were really skillful hid in plain sight. 
   “You need to get on the next line headed for Berlin Central Station. From there you can make the connection to your final destination,” he carefully communicated to Seth. 
   Agent Markov used his index finger to press into the cartilage of his right ear. “Copy that,” he confirmed the last transmission. 
   “You won’t believe who I have with me.”
   Seth had just stepped onto a moving sidewalk. His head slowly swiveled towards the tracks to his right. They were empty for once—no speeding trains went by in either direction. 
   “Just tell me,” he replied dully after he had exhausted his short supply of patience.
   “You may know him by the name Alfonso Marcelo.” 
   “Agent Marcelo?” Seth repeated, feeling stunned. 
   Tyrone didn’t answer directly but instead launched into the reason why help had come. “We have four hands at the helm now, Markov.”
   Eventually the moving conveyer belt brought Seth to firm ground where he would once again have to worry about modulating his own natural means of locomotion. Nothing about the sea of faces in the new surroundings registered as familiar. Seth breathed a sigh of relief. There had been a shifty character or two from earlier he had his eye on, and they appeared to be watching him with great curiosity too.
   “Hello?”
   “Would you quit yackin’ in my ear,” Seth whined. 
   A distant, far-away voice apologized which only meant one thing: despite having seniority and years of more experience and time with the agency, Tyrone had never become so smug and content with himself to the point where he missed the occasion to feel stupid over his actions or what he said. 
   Seth needed a clear head for the mission. Tyrone’s communication of late served as more of a distraction than a help. It intrigued him that Agent Marcelo would be assisting in the operation…but as far as Seth was concerned, that remained a sideshow. In no way could he allow his excitement over the new prospect take his eyes off the ball and the primary objective. 
   
   Seth got through a line real quick to pay with currency for his fare to make the connection to his next destination where he would get fixed up as commissioner Wendel. 
   While he stood in front of the lady at the window to get a boarding pass, out of his peripherals Seth noticed two German policeman walking in an eastward vector straight for him. 
   “Your passport?” she asked in German with her hand held out. 
   Seth’s eyes rolled sideways while still maintaining a visual on the woman with an open palm ready to receive his fake passport. 
   For a languishing few seconds Seth fumbled through his pockets for his identification. The cops already closed the distance no sooner than after he had produced his passport to the agent who studied him through narrowed eye slits. The two men in black uniforms with their hands down at their hips, undoubtedly by the holster, covered a football-field length in an astonishing twelve seconds. 
   Seth counted to three in his head, took one glance at the woman, then snatched the little blue booklet out of her hands. 
   She cried out but he was already packing it to get into the nearest train that was about to pull away from the station. 
   The doors sealed shut and the train lurched forward with a violent tug. It nearly threw Seth sideways into several passengers; however his quick reflexes saved him from sandwiching an elderly woman into her husband against the plexiglass windows.
   Seth ran to the back of the train once he regained equilibrium. The two hundred and ten pound piece of biological military hardware sprinted through the final segment of the subway line. A petrified-looking conductor raised his walkie to his lips but before he could speak a word Seth karate chopped him across the throat. The blow made the man turn shades of grey while he desperately tried to suck in air: Agent Markov had perfectly ruptured the man’s esophagus which cause him to instantly suffocate to death. 
   Though he had never been in the back of a German subway before, the Israeli intuitively knew how to open the rear door while the train was underway. Three little sliders on a console were shifted all the way to the right until the German word for “open” flashed in red on the screen. 
   The rear hatch instantly obeyed Seth’s input even through the subway began to reach over a hundred kilometers per hour. The wind howled at those high speeds. Seth felt sucked towards the opening. Only his boots with their traction feature prevented him from being jettisoned out the opening and onto the tracks. 
   In a surprisingly quick sequence of spiderlike movements Agent Markov hugged the wall, scooted through the exterior hatch, and shinnied up to the top of the speeding bullet. If it hadn’t been for the gecko skin on his hands and feet Seth would in no way have ever attempted to get on top of a fast train in transit.
   And there he lay, on top of a fiberglass roof, in a dangerously climactic predicament. 
   These were the moments where Seth Markov didn’t blink. Every blood cell in his body reacted accordingly; every muscle group responded when called upon; all the neural synapses appeared to behave like a fiber-optic cable: at the speed of light. No hesitation whatsoever. 
   Seth behaved like the imperfect-perfect human. His response time to physical stimuli put him at the top of the heap. No man could be his equal. Seth operated in an entirely different universe where the impossible became possible. 

   His fingerless gloves gripped the riveted galvanized steel edges of the subway. The train continued to put on speed, completely oblivious to the fact that a stow-a-way clung to its roof. 
   Seth knew he had to escape the entrapping tunnels of Berlin’s U-bahn system. And to do so would require an incredible amount of cunning, luck…and even more luck. 
   “What are you doing?!” a familiar voice practically ruptured the agent’s eardrums.
   Seth could still hear Tyrone’s voice, despite the deafening noise of traveling on top of a subway. 
   The built man grunted as he began to methodically crawl towards the middle of the caboose. “Kinda busy,” he managed to say in the midst of heavy breathing. 
   “You have another train headed in the opposite direction along the parallel tracks, Seth,” a new voice said. 
   Seth could only assume the new instruction came from none other than the newest member to join the Berlin Mission taskforce: Agent Alfonso Marcelo. 
   Seth’s brain raced. “How much time till both trains overlap?”
   “T-minus ten seconds.”
   “Great.”
   The sound of another powerful engine building up steam met Seth full on as his subway line neared a bend. He knew the approaching train, though currently out of sight, would not only be visible but also abreast of his position. 
   The distance needed to jump onto the next ride was marginal. However, the real danger derived from the changing velocity represented in the moving objects. 
   Seth had to do everything just right otherwise he’d wind up as U-bahn dressing. The blur of the high-speed trains, the high-voltage current of the tracks, the danger of the police who scurried to hunt his hide down…all of these fears were replaced with an irrational level of confidence and stoicism that only Seth Markov was capable of exhibiting. 
   He could get the job done. 

--





Junior Cadet Wing, Masada


   The dude that had escaped the white contraption which changed his memories and life forever now reemerged into Esther’s life, quite seamlessly. 
   Esther jerked upward from her previous position of comfort on the zero gravity chair. 
   She noticed for the first time that Azriel appeared to be wearing what the other cadets had on. When she saw him initially her brain replayed images of the time where she and her mother had captured the boy and taken him to the operating room for the cerebrum memory transfiguration surgery. Back then she saw a boy looking scared, wearing street clothes. Now the person who stood before her station dressed in a blue and white-streaked skin-tight warmup suit. If she squinted Azriel looked more like a super hero than anything else. His small shoulders, petit chest, and little cutlet arms looked larger than life in the skin-sucking suit he wore. 

   All of the boy’s questions to her had gone unanswered thus far. 
   Esther didn’t know where to start. 
   She knew that according to the parameters of the software that had reprogrammed Azriel’s brain, she was his sister now. Scary thought. Having a Markov boy for a brother made her more nervous than she should’ve been. For good reason though. Azriel’s real father Seth Markov did a magnificent job of scaring the bad guys before he inevitably ended their lives. If his son was anything like him, Azriel would make a name for himself—bad guys would quake at the mention of Azriel Markov. 
   Esther didn’t see herself as a bad guy, yet the human being standing such a short distance away made her feel criminal.  He looked at her with an innocence in his eyes that peered deep into her soul. She didn’t want him looking around in there…no one belonged in there. Esther possessed secrets that had secrets. No one would ever be entitled to them. Especially not the son of Seth Markov. 
   “Are we gonna do sim time together?” he asked her point blank. 
   Now he stood at an uncomfortably close distance away from the girl who had yet to escape the safety net of her leather chair. 
   Esther didn’t even acknowledge his presence by giving him the courtesy of a head turn, much less eye contact. Instead she stared straight ahead at nothing in particular and said firmly, “Are you tough enough?” It was meant more as a remark than a question. 
   Azriel spread his feet in a wide stance, shifting his weight from left to right before settling into his athletic stance. He folded his arms across his chest. 
   “Don’t you want to see for yourself?”
   Esther did want that. Her curiosity and desire to see what kind of caged animal Azriel really was got the better of her. She had to see it. Ephraim Markov had created a monster. Admittedly, a cute monster. But a monster nevertheless.
   Esther avoided a yes or no response with, “I have to run a background check on some people I’m gonna run across in today’s sim. I need to get an accurate profile on these characters, know where they’re gonna be and when, so I can interdict them. Sift them. It’s all part of the game.”
   Azriel didn’t blink. “I’ll link up with your mission profile. I’m a quick study. Join you in Sim room number 1 at thirteen hundred hours?”
   “Are you asking me a direct question?” Esther queried. 
   “Then it’s a yes?”
   “God, you’re so much like Seth,” she murmured. Esther really quick clamped a hand over her mouth in vain. She couldn’t believe the words that had just come out of her mouth. 
    “Who?”
   Her forehead began to glisten. “Huh?”
   Azriel cocked his head and raised an eyebrow. 
   “Never mind. Thirteen hundred hours. Don’t be late. I’ll start without you.”
   “Wouldn’t miss it.” 
   Esther watched as the boy looped between the funky cubicles and disappeared into a section of the cadet wing she was less familiar with. 
   She pinched herself on the elbow and repeated the same phrase from before upon first seeing Azriel: Crap, this is real. 

--



   Baruch listened to the growl of the quad exhaust system of his German sports car. Each note did something to him; they made him feel more in touch with his decision to fake an alliance with the co-conspirators of the Berlin Mission in order to achieve the takedown of the century. Seth Markov would be off the streets. The tormented Scorpion scum could then rest easy knowing the world’s most dangerous assassin finally got a taste of his own medicine.
   It wouldn’t be that easy though. But it had to be done. Baruch reported directly to Malach Kemper, Head of Kidon, the snake who provided the oil to make the plan all come together. 
   
   This would get personal, too. Baruch had known Seth for a number of years, did a good many ops with him that built trust. That’s what made his impending actions the ultimate blindside. Seth came prepared for anything, but not this. How could he?

                                                            …
   
   “Are you ready to insert yourself into this? Fully commit to what needs doing?”
   Baruch braked hard and came to a stop in the middle of a busy thoroughfare. His closest tail nearly slammed into the back of him, causing the rest of the traffic to madly swerve around the impediment to traffic. 
   “How did you—I hung up on you.”
   “Newsflash, you can’t hang up on me. We’re always connected. Just remember that.” 
   Baruch detected a smile in Firefly’s spooky language. 
   Baruch popped the clutch to his sophisticated manual transmission while simultaneously flooding the cylinders with fuel. “Fine. Keep talking oh voice in my head.”
   “I don’t know why, but I have had a premonition all morning that we’re in for a few surprises today.”
   “Oh?”
   “For starters, there’s been chatter in the backchannels out of Spain.”
   “Get to the point,” Baruch said rather indignantly. He didn’t appreciate the roundabout communication from his superior. 
   “I think Tyrone and Seth have help. Help that we haven’t planned for.”
   Baruch slammed his fist down on the twelve o’ clock position on the steering wheel. Loud, ugly curses in Hebrew and a few other tongues reverberated around the small cabin of the compact sedan. 
   “How sure are you of this?”
   “What does that even matter. I told you what I know: now respond in a manner you see fit. I’ll bump up the frequency in which you receive Intel bytes on the positioning and intents of our enemies. You will remain a step ahead the whole way.” 
   Baruch avoided getting boxed in again by the brutal traffic patterns that weren’t kind to efficiency. He exhaled a little more loudly than even he would have liked. “Just keep me posted. I’m putting my neck on the line for you. If shit goes sideways, I won’t hesitate to switch sides and go after your people. You got me?”

   Malach Kemper didn’t tolerate threats from agents in the field under most circumstances. But this was a most special exception to the rule indeed. He needed Baruch: lippy, out-of-bounds, insubordinate agent and all. 
   “Remember who you’re dealing with agent,” he sharply reprimanded Baruch. “Stick to the plan. Go in as the interior minister’s chauffeur. She will be notified of the plan. I have people in place to make the communication go as planned. Everybody is on the same page.” Malach exhaled and paused with his chin up, “Bottom line? We win.”
   “Well, winner here is en route to a guy Tyrone Banks calls Mr. E.”
   “Yes, yes. I know.”
   “Seth will beat me there and undoubtedly be gone already by the time I get there. This thing is planned out down to the second.”
   “That’s the nature of these, things.” 
   Baruch flicked his blinker on and changed lanes. “We have nothing else to discuss then.”
   “Just remember, I’m always here.”
   “I’m comforted.”
   Malach Kemper smiled. “I knew you would be. You agents are very needy.”
--




Chapter 4

   

Berlin, Germany
   

   The police in Berlin were on high alert. Several passengers riding the U-bahn had reported suspicious behavior by a six-foot-two male wearing a soccer hat. Among the charges brought against him….He bought things with a currency not frequently passed around in the plazas, was rude to a barista, and constantly glanced around like he had something to hide—all crimes punishable by the court of law. 
   Of course that wasn’t it though. 
   His passport, despite being a good forgery, didn’t hold water. He had used it once to cross the border. He managed to fool the agents there and get into Germany. Since then he had to show identification to use Germany’s public transportation system underground where the authorities were eventually tipped by the vigilant locals on the lookout for individuals like him. 
   					
…

   Now he clung to the metal roof of a subway: the point of no return.
   In the blur of color from going over a hundred kilometers an hour Seth saw blue flashes of lightning to his left—the police, no doubt. The delayed whine of motorcycles racing along the side of the tracks, screams of random passengers scurrying to get out of the way, and cops blowing their whistles filled the air. 
   This was it. 
   The moment when he’d have to jump. 
   Seth lifted his shirt sleeves up to his elbows with his teeth. Next he used his chin to hit the release button by his left clavicle which activated raised razors along the undersides of both of his arms. These blades would be useful when landing his fateful jump onto an otherwise slippery moving target. With the use of a multitude of pointed carbon steel teeth, gecko skin fingerless gloves, and his extreme traction tactical boots, Seth could stick the landing. 
   The other train grew so close a heat wave whipped through the agent’s hair full blast. The headlights of the lead car of the oncoming subway were about to pass the caboose that Seth was situated on. 
   Now or never. 
   Seth raised his upper body halfway up; his hat got ripped off by the current of air that lived in between the space of the top of the tunnel and the subway roof. Seth Markov’s chest muscles bulged as his arms spread out like a runner ready to launch off the blocks to the shot of a pistol.
   Things began to sway and go blurry in the crux of things. 
   Agent Markov’s leg muscles quivered right before he went airborne. 
   And then in the twinkling of an eye he joined the airstream that flowed over the two moving trains. His body cut through the air like a gymnast twisting and turning. Gravity ultimately decided the warrior’s fate. 
   All things that go up come down. 
--


Sector 3, New Babylon


   Mass pandemonium spread across the city with the same haste of an abrupt storm rolling in out at sea.
   Certain pockets of urban New Babylon were already deciding on what could be done; others were just waking up to the reality of E.T. in the skies; however more people than not were too scared to do anything.
   And then there was Esmeralda, Damion Westover’s mother. 

…

    The sky was falling. 

   So many people in the apartment building wanted to get down to the ground floor all at once that a massive elevator waiting list instantly occurred. Scores of people didn’t care what floor they were on, though—stalling for another moment for help to come just wasn’t even an option, therefore the fire escape stairways would have to be the way to go since an elevator wouldn’t be arriving anytime soon.
 
   Esmeralda chose to wait for an elevator. She became more petrified as the seconds evaporated.           
   Despite being in better shape than most women her age, Esmeralda had unfortunately arrived at the time in life where she needed to take supplements for osteoporosis. Seventy-nine floors to ground zero using the stairs would have been way too long of an adventure to go on for the Covergirl model in her early fifties.
   In the midst of the hysteria she felt a gentle vibration in the clutch she literally went everywhere with. Her talent manager had texted asking if things were okay. Right then after she had just read the text another one…and a half dozen more from personal acquaintances started dropping in her mailbox like it was her birthday. 
   Esmerelda let her arm holding the phone go slack and drop down to her side as if it had been yanked there by an external force. She exhaled. The burden of today caused her a great deal of stress. Another thought came to the forefront though ahead of all the others: what about Damion? 
   What about my boy?!
   
   Yes, he had left a mark on her soul the other day at Westover Estates. It had hurt something fierce. Yet she was his mother. No amount of pain he may have dished her way over the years could possibly trump the maternal feelings as a nurturer she would always hold for him. 
   A sermon on undying love could be written based off of how Esmeralda felt for her son now. 
   
   As she sat on the cool tile floor of the lobby, waiting for the next elevator to come available, she thought of her next action move. 
   A man in his forties leaned up against the same wall Esmerelda did. His obsequious smile, his balding mess of hair, the vibes he gave off…all unwelcomed by her. 
   He started off by saying, “What beautiful hair you have!”
   Esmeralda pulled out her phone, pretending to be busy. 
   The man’s gaze dropped down to the model’s hands, looking for a band. When he didn’t see one, he grew even bolder. 
   “They must’ve taken lotsa pictures of you. Big blown up photographs in nice frames.”
   Esmeralda pulled out some gum from her purse and chewed it loudly. 
   The stranger revealed a crooked toothy grin in response to her most recent gesture. 
   “No talk?”
   Another person who had been stealthily observing the course of the interaction from a distance now decided to chime in and act as the referee. It was another man, but a much kinder-looking one. His face communicated compassion and sympathy—not wanton lust or any other immoral failure of the heart. 
   “I’m sorry you had to deal with this scumbag,” he said as he glowered at the man who still didn’t appear ready to give up the act. 
   Esmerelda normally resisted the attention males gave her. This man, however, was the exception. Good Samaritans in New Babylon were rare. Very. 
   “I’m Esmerelda,” she weakly said while looking up into the ruggedly handsome face of the nice neighbor. 
   The man who had intervened took up a spot on the floor across from her. But before he did he bent over slightly and reached out to gently shake the model’s hand, saying, “I’m Joshua. So nice to meet you.”
   Esmeralda had to look away to hide how she was feeling. When the smile was well enough under her control her head swiveled back to face Joshua. 
   “Likewise,” she said at last. 
   Joshua asked, “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
   Esmerelda suddenly felt self-conscious. She now struggled with all the nervous energy of being around someone that made her antennae go up. Joshua had just rescued her from an uncouth dude who didn’t respect women anymore than he respected himself. Now this same knight came around a second time, seeing what more he could do. 
   Then she remembered why she sat on the floor. One look around at the grossly overcrowded lobby jogged her memory. Joshua had so skillfully taken her mind off the things that were happening out the window that if it hadn’t been for an intermittent, middling thought desperately fighting to get her attention she would have given him the keys to her heart in a matter of time. 
   “I have to get outta here,” she blurted--more for herself than for the man sitting across from her. 
    “You and a lotta other good people,” he cocked his head in the direction of the assembly that had gathered. “Where you headed? Do you have a place to go?”
   Esmerelda’s eyes grew small and shy. “I…I dunno,” she said to her toes. 
   The kind stranger reached out and took hold of her hand not holding the cell phone. Esmerelda wanted to resist, but she couldn’t. The warmth of good intentions and trust flowed through Joshua’s fingertips until it reached its end destination: Esmerelda’s heart. 
   “I don’t know where I’m going either,” he said.
   Of course he would say that. “Well let’s get lost together then,” Esmerelda joked. 
   Joshua studied her before saying in a measured voice, “C’mon. Are you gonna be straight with me?”
   The Covergirl’s eyebrows went up with surprise. “Straight? You don’t even know me, and you think a little handshake and kind hello entitles you to know about all my dealings in life?” 
   “I’m sorry I intruded,” Josh said, withdrawing.
   No! Why did I do that…the middle-aged woman instantly regretted her edginess towards the attractive gentleman.  
   Just as he turned his shoulder to her and started to go, she said quickly, “I’m trying to find my son.”
   Joshua halted, turning. “Excuse me?”
   “Can you help me?”
   Those were the words he never dreamt would come out of the bright red lips belonging to the woman of high fashion. 
   At last the elevator gong sounded. 
   Esmerelda had never seen people move so fast in all her life except for Black Friday or something. Residents were getting trampled under the stampede. Just when she thought she was gonna miss it Joshua pulled her in close into his chest while thrusting himself through the narrowing gap of the closing doors. 
   Going down. 

                                   --

Mr. E’s, Berlin Germany


   The door to the barber shop clanged open with a jingle. The keeper of the rundown establishment heard it. He didn’t get many customers. He hoped this meant that one of the Israelis had shown up at last.
   The business was more or less a front for his real reason for being in Berlin: transforming associates to do missions for Mossad. 

                                  ...

   Mr. Eldrich had a very interesting backstory. From a very young age his passion for fashion and beauty led him down a very predictable career path. Cosmology school. Two years later he was more than ready to open his own practice up in Berlin. As a creative individual with an entrepreneurial spirit owning his own salon seemed more than logical. 
   However Hans Eldrich was a little more sophisticated than that though. Because of how this man’s mind worked making people more beautiful merely supported much higher life ambitions. And as a bonus he had fun while doing it. It paid the bills. 

   The circumstances of getting a contract with Mossad to do what he did were questionable, like with any civilian-clandestine agency deal struck. 
   Mossad came to him five years ago. More specifically, Tyrone Banks did. 



2036—Better Cuts


   Hans Eldrich ran an efficient business. The overhead couldn’t have been any smaller, too. Just him and another gal. 
   It was a Tuesday, business trickled in here and there, but overall things had been slower than usual. Eldrich thought about going to the upstairs apartment to chill until things picked up again. Before he went up though Hans instructed his employee Greta to call him if things got too busy. 
   As fate would have it Better Cuts experienced another surge that day. Eldrich had to get the broom out to sweep up the clippings that covered his floor. The extra business put him in a much better mood than he had been in earlier in the day. Greta was grateful for this. 

   The last customer of the day walked in without much of a hello. His didn’t appear to need a haircut either. 
   “Just a touchup,” the African-American communicated as he invited himself up onto one of the stools.
   “What’s your name friend?” Hans asked in English. 
   The new arrival shifted in his seat to scope the room before deciding how he wanted to proceed with the haircut. He noticed a few striking paintings on the wood-paneled walls. One in particular made him open up and want to talk to the man holding the scissors.
   The customer wouldn’t give his name. 
   Instead, the man pointed at the far wall just to the right of the entrance. “Where did that one come from?” he said in a gruff sort of way. 
   What his eyes saw: terrified passengers on a small log raft which looked like it could break apart at any moment as a turbulent angry sea tossed it like a pizza dough being prepared by a chef. 
   Hans put his tool down and folded his arms across his chest. He took a couple premeditated steps back to sit on a nearby vanity. The German cupped his right hand under his small chin—his thinking pose. 
   “What draws you to that one? That’s a John Decker painting by the way.”
   But the stranger avoided the question with, “I’d like half an inch taken off the top.”
   Hans became more annoyed than ever. Why couldn’t this guy even acknowledge any of his direct questions? Who did he think he was? Lothar Kirsch? So the barber played by the same rules as his customer. 
   Greta watched as her boss moved in with a razor aiming to take off more than half an inch. 
   The aloof man sitting there with an unreadable face turned just in time to see the blade about to take off more than its fair share. “Ah, ah…ah. Half an inch,” the man put Hans in his place. If the barber didn’t listen the customer seemed prepared to grab the hand with the sheers. 
   “What’s your name, please,” Hans entreated while he withdrew a little. 
   Finally the man on the stool seemed moved by something he saw in the hairdresser. Words weren’t necessary. A calling card passed from a brown hand into the soft hands of the business owner. 
   He said, “Call me,” before rising from the stool.
   He walked with his back turned until he got to the door where the African-American rotated to face Hans who still wore a nonplused expression.
   “Thanks for the haircut chief.”
 
…

   Fast-forward five years into the present. Hans still ran a business called Better Clips. Same spot …much less foot traffic however. 
   What happened?
   A far more upscale barber shop opened its doors back in 2039; this direct competition siphoned away even the most loyal customers that religiously did business with Better Clips. As a result the German hairdresser sadly had to let Greta go in order to run his atrophying spot by himself. 
    
   The next person that walked through the lonely door seldom darkened by customers didn’t look like he wanted a haircut. 
   Baruch stood in the waiting area, wearing an impartial expression to his surroundings. 
   The place looked deserted to him. Yet a sign in the window saying “Yes, We’re Still Open” faced out towards the busy street running by the establishment. 
   “Anybody home?” he called out with his distinct accent. 
   The sound of floorboards creaking on the second level may have answered his question. It appeared someone began to move towards the top landing of a staircase that connected the business with the upper-floor living area. 
   
   Baruch quizzically crept towards the back to force the confrontation. All his senses remained on high alert. As an extra precaution the Israeli took out a small concealed weapon and cocked it. 
    At the sound of a round being chambered a somewhat young man with red facial hair came out from hiding. 
   Hans had his hands behind his head. He hoarsely whispered in German, “Don’t shoot!” 
   Baruch could feel the other man’s fear. 
   To relieve some of that in order to move on with the real reason why he was in the barber shop to begin with the agent tucked the weapon back into its holster.
   Satisfied he wouldn’t get one to the back of the skull, Hans drew closer, slowly lowering his hands, but keeping them out where they could still be seen in a show of trust.
   Hans was first to talk again. “I speak English.”
   “But I’d prefer German,” Baruch replied with a fairly convincing local accent. 
   This answer provoked a tight smile and slight nod of the head from the shop keeper. “I suppose you came to see the renovations upstairs?”
   Baruch understood perfectly. “Show me.”
   
   The agent was taken up a flight of stairs into what appeared to be an ordinary room with a small twin-sized bed, nightstand, and chair positioned adjacent to a dual-pane window. At face value, a very ordinary room. That couldn’t be further from the truth though. 
   Hans could be seen pulling a cord to an old lamp which actually did what Baruch expected it to do. The single light bulb cast its faint glow through a green lampshade. What he couldn’t have anticipated? 
   “Do you sleep on the right or left side of the bed?”
   “What?” Baruch asked in surprise.
   “It’s a simple question really. Everyone has a preference.”
   The Mossad agent furrowed his brow because he didn’t enjoy playing these nonsensical games. “The left.”
   Hans gestured towards the bed. “Why don’t you lie down.”
   “And if I don’t want to?”
   The barber rolled his eyes and sighed. “You people.” He then silently waltzed over towards the bed and committed to the course of action Baruch wouldn’t. 
   “What are you doing?” the Israeli impatiently snapped. 
   Hans disappeared. 
   Right before Baruch’s very eyes the bed tilted down towards the floor on the left side. A loud groaning noise abated as soon as it started. When all was said and done the small man with the red facial hair no longer laid on the bed. For all practical purposes he had disappeared like some smoke and mirrors trick. 
   I’m tired too, Baurch muttered as he hastily made up his mind to do the same thing as the man he presumed to be Mr. E. did. 

   The false floor flopped the mattress over to the left once more. A chute spat out the newest arrival into a new scenery that felt completely disassociated from a barber shop environment.
   Baruch rocketed back to his feet, standing big and tall. “What the hell is this?!”
   The agent’s eyes covered the entire space very quickly and thoroughly. He was about to give up when Hans finally emerged from the shadows.
   “You like?” the German asked, appearing to find Baruch’s bewilderment most amusing. 
   “Just do your job,” Baurch growled. “I don’t have the time or patience for your clown tricks.”
   Just then the familiar voice of Malach Kemper of the Kidon division at Mossad discreetly trickled into Agent Baruch’s hearing. 
   “Speed it up in there. You need to get out, ASAP. Seth hasn’t even left the tunnels yet. There’s a manhunt for him now. Breathe heavy to acknowledge receipt of this.” 
   It wasn’t too hard for the agent to comply with the last request. The air seemed devoid of oxygen with more carbon dioxide than anything. 
   
   Hans presently appeared in front of some monitors that came to life. The short man struck up a lively whistle to a tune he apparently made up on the fly. It suited him. 
   “I’m pulling down the files,” he explained to an impatient Israeli who hadn’t moved at all. 
   “There isn’t a magic trick to make it go faster?” 
   Hans laughed. “I’m really not that weird my Jewish friend. It’ll be ready shortly. Patience.”
   “Am I really gonna be made to look like this German secretary, Amalia?”
   Hans didn’t bother to directly answer this inquiry. “You’ll be beautiful.”
   Baruch stomped his boot on the rug he stood on. “This is bullshit.”
   Hans stifled a laugh he felt coming on strongly and replaced it with, “What are your measurements, agent?”
   “Big where it counts.”
   “A shrink shorter than Lothar Kirsch and pushing 225?”
   Baruch moved in and came within inches of physically harming the German. “Just do what you have to do. I won’t say it again.”
   Hans ignored the threat. “I’ve got good news and bad. Good? The fabricator’s finished making your husk.”
   “Yeah, what’s the bad?”
   “You have to put it on.”
   To his surprise, Baruch offered no resistance. “Where’s my eyelashes?” he joked. 
   “They’re in the hopper still,” Hans played along. 

   Malach Kemper piped into Baruch’s head again. He raised his voice and said, “Hurry it up. Seth won’t be put into police custody. He’s too good.” Malach grew somber. “Expect him there soon.”
   Baruch’s heart rate quickened. Seth had trusted him. The betrayal would be a sudden affair, and it’d all be over soon, too. 

                                         --


 




      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 Chapter 5



New Babylon, S3


   The enchanting elevator ride seventy-nine floors to ground zero in Josh’s arms went too quickly.
   When the doors opened up to the lobby the cacophony of panicked people reached a whole new level.
   Lights blinked on and off, their flickering light illuminating an audience full of fright. There was no fast exit from the apartment. People were shoved, throttled…thrown to the mercy of an angry, scared and confused human corpus.
   Though the time on the wall indicated it was morning, the utter darkness over New Babylon would make one think otherwise. 

   Just then something went crashing through the front window. A motorcyclist had apparently lost control. He thankfully didn’t have to travel through the thick glass--his bike however did not share that same fortune.  
   Esmerelda screamed. Josh used his body to shield the woman from the deadly flying shards of glass. Many residents dropped to the tile floor as collateral damage of the runaway cycle. 
   Josh grimaced. The flannel sleeve of his right arm had a fresh tear. Underneath the fabric an ugly red stripe opened up like a fresh wound. It stung. 
   The handsome stranger clenched his teeth. 
   Esmerelda couldn’t see very well, but she could sense Josh was hurt. 
   He tried to find Esmerelda’s scared eyes. “We must find a fire escape exit,” he communicated. “ Too risky out the main entrance.” 
   The model didn’t say anything. 
   Josh saw two glinting brown marbles looking into his. “If you can hear me blink twice,” he said softly. 
   She did. 
   “Do you trust me?”
   This time she took his hand and gently squeezed it. “Yes!” her wispy reply came out. 
   Josh took his free hand to place it behind Esmerelda’s left shoulder blade to gently lead her along. 
   The Good Samaritan had such a calm demeanor that despite the explosions, shrieks, and turmoil, he made the model feel free to cling to him for security. 
   The strong man cut through the crowded level quicker than he should have been able to. Much like a superhero would, he brought the damsel in distress out of harm’s way. 
   Josh smashed through the emergency exit door out into the morning air.
   “We made it,” he murmured. 
   The words halted in his own mouth though as the two of them were awakened to what everyone outside the shelter of buildings could see. 
   All around as far as the eye could see New Babylon was on fire. Mass hysteria reigned. Traffic signals weren’t working. Gridlock got so bad that drivers left their vehicles and took to foot.
   Why?
   Directly overhead several huge menacing spheres bigger than aircraft carriers glowed green at their centers. No one wanted to be around if the bogies in the sky were charging their weapons to blast the earthlings to smithereens.
   Josh determined not to be like the rest of humanity around him. Staring at the crafts from outer space did no good to alleviate his current problems.
   “Do you have a car?” Esmerelda asked. 
   Josh nodded. “I’m parked over there,” he pointed. 
   Esmerelda followed his finger across a sea of cars and people. She could make out a parking deck. 
   “Does it fly?” 
   Josh smiled. “You wanna find out?”
   “Uh-huh.”
   Josh scanned the landscape to determine the safest way to get there. He made up his mind quick on where they should go. He also surprised the woman standing next to him with a question, “You’re looking for your son?”
   The lights from the sky played across her face. A breeze fluttered her hair a little, causing some strands to partially obscure her right eye.
   “Can—can you help me?” she stammered.   
   Josh reached in to kiss her on the cheek. 
   The CoverGirl felt like a fuse shorting. Too much electricity. She bit her lip and avoided eye contact. 
   “C’mon, let’s get outta here,” he said calmly.
   She followed him through the maze of metal, often having to get up on cars because there wasn’t a way around them. Other stragglers didn’t seem to pay them any attention. And thank goodness there weren’t any more creeps to harass her like the guy back from the tower.
   Before long they had traversed a field of debris which used to be a busy highway prior to the events of that morning. One sideways look down the avenue revealed an apocalyptic poster complete with UFO’s up above.
   Luckily for them an elevator shaft with a street entrance allowed easy access into a garage with  thousands of spaces. 
   “I’m in the middle somewhere,” the good-looking man gestured. 
   Esmerelda kept close to him. Since the area they were in was much better lit than where they had come from, Esmerelda now saw the torn sleeve, the matted blood. She stopped and reached out to touch his arm.
   “You need to get that wrapped.”
   Josh shrugged his injury off. “I’m fine.”     
   Esmerelda didn’t continue to pursue the point. She solved it. She had a scarf around her neck that she knew would work well as a tourniquet.
   “Here,” she said while fastening it on and pulling it into a tight knot. “Better?”
   The man with the beard he had only started growing the other day framed by wavy medium-brown hair with no bangs paused underneath the glow of a nearby light fixture to see his arm then turn to the model. 
   “Thank you,” was all he said. 
   Both of them fell under the spell of silence until their elevator brought them to the floor Josh had parked on.
   Esmerelda watched with fascination as her rescuer pulled a device from his pocket and fired it up. 
   “I dropped a pin,” he explained. 
   “You don’t park here that often?”
   For the first time the stranger looked a little unsure as to what was safe to say. “I don’t live in New Babylon,” he said to the side. 
   Josh went about thirty paces before making an abrupt right to walk uphill. The phone that came out of his pocket earlier now made another appearance. 
   Esmerelda decided not to continue on the line of sensitive questioning. It didn’t come natural for her to be assertive; backing an individual into a corner until she heard the truth wasn’t her style. 
   She looked at him intently, “Are we any closer to that pin?” 
   The man didn’t answer her. He pulled up a different screen on his phone; this one looked like a digital key fob for the car. Josh tapped the screen twice and waited.
   This time he smiled. 
   Esmerelda didn’t have to look hard for the source of his smile. A stealthy vehicle with a low profile hovered off the ground a feet few behind them. 
   Esmerelda went over to the passenger side and ran her hand along the hood of the car. “This is yours?”
   “A rental,” he winked. 
   
   The woman of fashion may have been a model, but she wasn’t born yesterday. Very few people could afford flying cars even though they had become more popular over the years. She couldn’t help but wonder at this man’s pocketbook. What financed his outfit? 
   He said he didn’t live in New Babylon. Of course people visited the world class city all the time. However, he seemed like a real outsider. 
   Josh’s voice interrupted the woman’s thoughts when he asked, “Are you ready?”     
   Esmerelda tossed her hair. She bounced her eyes to the wheels and said in an aside sort of way, “We don’t even know where we’re going.”
   Josh got into the driver’s side. “Well, we can’t stay here,” he said with his hand waving out the window, referring to where they stood…New Babylon. 
   Esmerelda freely agreed with his logic. She even cozied up to the idea of flying off to the horizon on the wings of Josh’s special car. 
   When the model decidedly stepped into the low-slung entry of the vehicle that barely hovered off the pavement, she asked the driver, “Is this a free ride?”
   “You’re trusting me with your life, so no, not entirely,” Josh returned. His face glistened with a splash of good will.
   When Esmerelda wasn’t looking he stole a glance at the model’s legs which were veiled by thin nylon stockings under a ruffled skirt. She definitely had a more mature look about her, but not in a bad way he decided. 
   Josh adjusted his vision to something higher up on the individual he was talking to. Above the shoulders….
   “Is your son safe?” 
   Esmeralda surprised the man behind the wheel by saying a little tersely, “Just drive.” 
                                 --




Berlin, Germany

   The air occupying the void was thin. Until a couple hundred pound biological instrument of death passed through its domain. 
   The clearance from the top of the passing subway lines to the tunnel ceiling didn’t leave much room for error when attempting a jump. 
   Seth threaded the needle however. No matter the impossibility. 
   To any passenger inside the yellow car he landed on, it might have sounded like the roof would cave in. 
   Seth didn’t move immediately. No need. For now he would ride until the opportunity for escape presented itself. 
   The only problem being the subway went even faster. Agent Markov couldn’t count on hopping down to freedom at the next station. The police would be waiting. This he counted on. 
   None of this should’ve been happening in the first place though. His cover effectively blown…Seth now had to contend with a police force obsessive about closing off his way to escape.
   “Seth, there are sewage lines you can use to get to the surface.”
   “I’m excited,” he sarcastically answered Alfonso Marcelo who worked with Tyrone Banks.
   Agent Marcelo no doubt gave a wry smile and shoulder shrug to his partner running point for the operation Seth reasoned. Even in the throws of an ineluctable moment the Mossad agent’s brain felt free to wander to inconsequential thought matter.
   
   The riveted arched rafters overhead all ran together in a streak of grey. Not a comforting image. 
   From his perch Seth felt like an obtruding object on a vehicle in a wind tunnel. The velocity of the subway threatened to rip him off like the unwelcome rider he was.
   “Ah, I think you guys have to slow this thing down.”
   This time Tyrone spoke. “Seth, we’ve overridden the controls of the subway you’re on. There’s an approaching aqueduct. We’ll slow it down to a manageable speed for you to be Tarzan and swing to safety.”
   Seth didn’t like the plan one bit. “I never understood being between a rock and a hard place,” he said while taking in the view of reinforced concrete supporting the tunnels. But I’ll know soon.”
   “Concrete sandwich? Mm,” Tyrone joked. “Sounds...crunchy.”
   “I’ll fix you something my friend when this is all over,” Seth threatened him. 
   “I’m not hungry.”
   “Too bad. Hey! Man on the subway here,” Seth raised his voice, “when are you planning on slowing this ride down?” 
   “I’ve already decreased speed by forty kilometers an hour,” Agent Marcelo answered him. “We can’t do it all at once though. You’ll be in position soon,” he reassured Seth. 
   The man strapped down to the slippery silver roof by jagged razor teeth began to maneuver his legs along the lining to better position himself to be able to squat. His boots formed a vacuum seal with the metal surface. 
   Seth dug into a cargo pocket on his pants for an attachment he would insert into his pistol. It looked like an arrow. 
   A thread made from spider silk that had the strength of steel would deliver the tip of the projectile blasting out of the muzzle into a wall. 
   Since he only had one free hand Seth made use of his mouth to hold the accessory while he groped for a pistol underneath his henley top. Sure enough he found it secure in its chest holster.
   The subway continued to slow down in small increments. The Israeli hitching a ride certainly discerned the difference. It put ice in his veins. Soon he’d need to be ready for another acrobatic move. 
   Tyrone’s voice buzzed in his communications gear, “We’re coming up on it. Are you in position?”
   Agent Markov took one last glance at his right arm pinioned to the subway. 
   “Affirmative.”
   “Aim high and close on the ceiling, don’t want you to smash your face in on the far wall,” Tyrone said. 
   Seth didn’t reply right away. “When?” he asked finally. 
   In two hundred meters the ceiling would be higher and the tunnel wider. With luck Seth’s subway would pass through a maintenance cross-section along the tracks. This would give him enough room to swing like Spiderman yet avoid being crushed like a bug.
   “Now!”
   The tube the yellow bullet travelled through bilged out into generous pockets on the right and left. 
   Go now or otherwise resist arrest at the next station.
   Seth punched the release button to the blades that kept his right arm decommissioned. The release came instantly, jerking his ligament away from its previous hold. Seth resisted standing up for a balanced, poised crouch instead. 
   A pop and hissing noise accompanied the speeding arrow intent on burying itself into solid rock. At this point the train had nearly made it midway through the section with additional swinging real estate. 
   The sharp tip punctured the concrete for a good hold to allow Seth to advance. The Mossad man held on to the spider silk with his fingerless gloves that gave him a gecko’s grip. 
   He lifted his right foot to break the suction he previously enjoyed with the roof. In a fateful step down from safety the tracks rushed to meet the two boots headed straight for them. The wind whistled over his body hurtling towards danger. At the lowest point of the arch, mere inches from a girder alive with electricity, that’s when physics took over to rescue Seth from a painful death. He rose and rose until a brick wall confronted him.
   His legs reached out to be the breaks to an impending collision with an immovable object. The wall fared worse than the human striking it. Brick powder and dust poured down below.
   Tyrone anxiously inquired, “Are you okay?” 
   “Shutup.”
   Seth heard Alfonso say “he’s fine” back to Tyrone. 
   
   His first order of business was to let go so he could climb. Seth could trust his special boots to stay glued to the wall. Furthermore the agent knew he could hold the position of being stretched out with no handholds long enough to put his gun away and to take out a lighter which he would use to burn the line he had swung on a moment ago.
   An accelerant incorporated into the thread of the line would ignite to incinerate any evidence of its existence. 
   Seth looked down at the platform ten feet below, out across the now-empty tracks, then to his left from his perch. Jackpot. A black ladder was embedded into the wall near the corner of the alcove. That had to mean a way up to the surface, perhaps. 
   The whole area appeared to be engineered as an outlet to get out to the tracks quickly to perform maintenance on them. Seth’s chances of succeeding in his mission sharply increased with the new discovery. 
   He put an intense strain on his inner core to hold him steady until he could bend backwards and grab the wall. The hours of time spent in strength conditioning made him the epitome of fitness.
   Seconds later he dropped the rest of the way to the floor and rushed over to grab the rungs of the ladder. Seth shinnied up to the top no problem. Sure enough a covering waited to be lifted. When he hefted it out of the way his answer to escaping the u-bahn was another dark climb up the same ladder to nowhere. It extended for an unforeseen length. The agent gritted his teeth. After replacing the cover he continued to go up with barely a pause.

…

   White flecks fell intermittently, frequently blowing sideways like a shook up snow globe. Few pedestrians walked the streets on the cold spring morning in Berlin. 
   Thankfully no one noticed the manhole lid come off near a crosswalk of a lonely side street. A head, then shoulders, and finally the upper torso of a built man who knew what he was doing emerged from the underworld. One could simply blink and there he’d be...walking the streets like he belonged. Nothing about his presence or manner suggested he may have ridden on a subway roof mere moments ago. 
   Seth found the nearest public restroom to be conveniently close. However, the likelihood of security cameras on buildings tracking his every step now entered his consciousness. Privacy didn’t exist in a world closely monitored by those who controlled the experiment. 
   Seth chided himself for not taking the opportunity before to reverse his gray top to its black side. Like back in the maintenance cove. A mistake, no doubt.
   “I rotated the cameras on your block to look the other way,” Tyrone proudly stated.
   Seth brightened at hearing these words.
   A faraway siren reminded him he had his work cut out though. The agent got in and out of an employee’s bathroom unnoticed in the back of a restaurant. 
   “Now to get to Mr. E’s only half an hour late,” he lamented to the two men listening from their static post miles away.
   Alfonso suddenly shared his wisdom. “Sometimes it’s a game of inches, Markov.” 
			--




 Mosada

   At thirteen hundred hours the Junior Cadet Wing’s Mission Room 1 had activity. The first arrival wasn’t Esther though, but rather the newest recruit to the program—Azriel. 
   She said to be on time. So he got there early. He knew she wouldn’t wait for him. However he would be more gracious and give her a small window of time before initiating the program. 
   This would be the first time he had ever taken the jump. No one told him what it’d be like. Azriel had a good imagination though. Furthermore, common sense dictated that what he was about to go through would be as close to the real thing as one could get. The calendar said they were in the year 2036 after all.
   Azriel noticed there were two control panels in the room. One very close to the only way in and out of the simulator and the other located on the total opposite side.
   The thirteen-year-old took several curious steps further towards the center. He slowly spun to get a panorama of the space he’d be doing a mission in. The cadet felt truly small in comparison to his surroundings. 
   The walls were silver with rows of horizontal and vertical columns forming a dense grid. This matrix had many optical devices with shiny lenses all pointed at Azriel. 
   This could get interesting, he surmised. 
   But that was nothing. 
   She had arrived at last.
   Esther had on a purple and white striped jump suit. She had her silky blonde hair pulled back into a scrunchy. 
   Azriel stared. 
   Even though his cerebrum memory transfiguration surgery had altered some realities, there were things that didn’t realign. 
   Before the surgery he had attended one day of high school. Esther had been there. She stole his heart right from the get-go. Now to be on a brother-sister basis confused his system. His hormones didn’t forget, post-surgery. Something in him made him want to go back.
   Easter leaned into the panel to examine something. “Is it ready?” she sharply asked the boy about the program.
   Azriel stood his ground. “Well, don’t you know already?” 
   He grew tired of her challenges. Esther’s tautness in her interaction with him didn’t help.
   Too his surprise Esther mustered a partial smile, saying, “You’re not bad Kemper.” 
   She was careful to use his new surname. It would be difficult though. The chance of making a mistake and calling him by his real last name made her extra cautious in her communication. 
   Azriel still hadn’t shifted much. 
   Esther decided to ask a question when she saw he hadn’t reacted to what she said before. “Have you gone over any strats or plans for what we’re about to do?”
   “Strats?”
   She sighed. Esther determined to meet him in the middle and just start the mission already. 
   “Strategies,” the junior cadet spelled it out to the recruit when she got closer. It was a big room. “You have a lot to learn.”
   Now that the girl came into view her finer details weren’t distorted by distance or less than ideal lighting. Her dimpled cheeks, slender jaw and petite chin gave her the appearance of an angle in her purple and white uniform. 
   Azriel might have been transfixed…again.
   He quickly came out of it though. The young man had a couple fail safes in place to guard against impairment of the female kind. He was ready now. 
   “Let’s go,” he urged her.
   She put up a hand because she had more to say. “First, there’s a few things you should know.”
   Azriel tilted his head back sharply before he exhaled. “What?”
   “The bad guys can hit you. You won’t die, but you’ll get zapped with seriously high voltage.”
   “Has it ever happened to you?”
   Esther slowly nodded. She rolled up her sleeves to show him a scar. 
   “That’s awful!”
   She waved it off like it was nothing. “I receive epidermal skin cell therapy later today. It’ll look good as new.”
   “Cool,” he quickly said.
   “Cool?” Esther gave him a gentle push. “Weirdo.” 
   Azriel frowned. He really struggled with the inner battle of being around this girl. 
   “Computer?” she called out to the artificial intelligence listening for commands like the one she’d give. “Link us up with program two hundred and thirty-four.”
   Azriel watched in amazement as the walls around him transformed into an environment that looked so real he couldn’t believe they were still technically in Mission Room 1.
   The surface below his feet slowly compiled into a grayscale catwalk of a floating space facility in orbit. 
   Azriel gasped. 
   The installation had artificial gravity. It appeared to be a transit hub of sorts. Many spaceships were docked outside. Right as he looked out one of the many enormous viewports on the station he got a front seat perspective to one vessel slowly pulling away with its blue thrusters flaring behind it.
   “Where…?”
   Esther hushed him. “Follow me,” she whispered. 
--




Mr. E’s


   Baruch completed his identity change. He emerged from the changing room like a pooched German Interior Ministry secretary. 
   Hans shook his head disapprovingly. “We’re gonna have to make alterations. You’re midsection….” He didn’t want to finish his thought when he saw the other guy’s eyes narrow.
   Baruch turned his voice synthesizer on which made him sound like the woman he impersonated. “Finish it. My midsection is, what exactly?”
   The agent’s handler, Malach Kemper, angrily hissed in Baruch’s ear at this intersection in the conversation. “What the hell are you doing wasting time there?!”
   Hans interjected with humor, “Maybe the officials there will just think you’re a few months along.”
   The agent enjoyed the joke. “I always wanted to have a kid,” he said, his eyes smiling.
   Hans laughed. He looked preoccupied though. His other appointment hadn’t showed. The shopkeeper knew Seth should have been his first of the day. 

   Later on when Baruch had left for the government offices Hans decided he would call his boss. He got a hold of Tyrone directly.
   He didn’t waste any time getting right to it. 
   “It’s me.”
   “What is it?”
   “Where’s the other associate?”
   “He got made in the subways. Could’ve been just bad luck,” Tyrone explained.
   Hans understood spy craft just as much as the man he spoke to. “We have to assume the worst,” he said. 
   “What are you saying?”
   “There could be a double.”
   Tyrone openly scoffed. “That’s impossible!”
   “Is it?”
   “Well detective…take your pick. It’s either me, Baruch, or Seth.” 
   “I don’t like Baruch.”
   “What’d he do?”
   Hans put his elbows on his workstation. For a moment he recalled his interaction with the Mossad agent. Nothing seemed sideways. 
   “It’s—more or less me following my instincts.”
   “Mr. E., I respect you. Your service record is above reproach,” Tyrone said, “but you’re going off a bad feeling. I’m afraid that’s not good enough. I have a job to do.” 
   Hans had already pulled up Baruch’s profile on Mossad’s secure database of agency operators.          
   Between clicks he said dismissively, “Maybe it’s nothing.”
   “Please don’t call me about nothing then,” Tyrone rebuked him. “I’m slave to the clock today. I don’t need interruptions like this. That is all.” 
   Hans was prepared to be hung up on, and that’s precisely what happened. Afterwards the growing sense of concern and anxiety about the day’s events didn’t lessen any. If Seth showed up he would warn the agent to at least keep his head up for any funny business. To stay vigilant. Trust no one.
--




Chapter 6



New Babylon, S3


   The thrills were just beginning. Josh followed the signs. His car drifted around the circuit that funneled towards the inner core of the structure. 
   “Why are we going towards the center?” Esmerelda asked.
   “You’ve never seen this before?”
   “No.”
   The pilot came to the solid white line and waited. A whooshing noise entered into the cockpit from another flying car going up. The arrow on one of the structural pillars turned green twenty seconds later: his invitation to enter into the stream that went against gravity.
   The lone passenger didn’t look so comfortable with the science. “You’re just gonna drive off the edge?”
   “Fly off the edge,” he corrected, flirting with a smirk. 
   Josh’s vehicle was about to cross the imaginary line and be launched out of the chute when at the last possible second his sensors warned him of an incoming object. Someone below had disobeyed traffic patterns. 
   A green car rocketed past their level at an unexplainably fast speed. Josh and Esmerelda braced themselves. The emergency brake came on by itself. Josh’s car shuddered at the close call.
   Both occupants were disposed to silence at first. 
  Josh’s first reaction was to take up pursuit, but he now had to think of the woman who sat next to him. This time when he eased the craft into the zone he didn’t have to worry about someone else running a light. 
   They went up with such ease that it provoked a question from Esmerelda: “Is something helping us up?”
   “We’re on an antigravity lift,” the pilot answered her. “Most parking garages have these.”
   “Oh! I never knew.”
   “Have you flown on the Orbital Flyer all these years?”
   “It’s the fastest way I know of to get around,” the model replied. 
   Josh nodded. “Yes it is.”
   Eventually they escaped the building and were flying low over the mysteriously dark skies of New Babylon. 
   Esther gazed out the window and remarked, “You would think we’re having a solar eclipse.”
   That got Josh going. “Isn’t it something?”
   She reached across the short distance and touched his shoulder. Esmerelda tried to ascertain a million and one things all at once about the individual she just touched. He didn’t withdraw…nor did he advance. What did he want with her? There had to be something in it for him.
   “Why were you in my apartment building this morning?”
   He remained busy at the controls and pretended like he hadn’t heard the question. 
   “You said you didn’t live in New Babylon.”
   Josh didn’t act surprised to be hearing these words. It still surprised him it had been this easy to get a woman like Esmeralda Westover this far. How quickly she had been taken in by his heroics. The personal questions he could handle. 
   Josh tilted his chin and leaned back to contemplate. “I came here for someone, actually.” 
   Esmeralda didn’t go to any length to hide her unbridled inquisitiveness towards the man who flew her away from the place she called home. She in fact repositioned herself more into his side of the compartment than her own.
   Esmerelda cushioned herself against Josh’s broad shoulders. 
   “You don’t mind?” she wondered.
   Josh attempted not to move a muscle. “Why would I?” Momentarily he issued a peek at the woman content to rest on his shoulder. 
   At was as if the model knew when he would look too. For precisely during the moment he did her eyes rose up to catch his. Josh blinked away and perhaps blushed. Esmerelda wanted to hear him talk now more than ever. 
   “Who were you coming to see? 
   “A very successful model.”
   “Ah.” Esmerelda sat sideways now. “And she just happened to live on floor seventy-nine?”
   “You wouldn’t know who I’m talking about, would you?” Josh facetiously queried. 
   The CoverGirl sobered up. The games were over. “Where are you from?” 
   “Look in my wallet,” he handed her something dark. Josh watched her flip it open to find an ID that altogether surprised her. 
   “What’s a…Viper agent?” 
   It finally dawned on her. “No. No, you’re not.”
   Josh nodded. 
   “FRN?”
   “My employer, yes.”
   Esmerelda retracted her hands and folded them in her lap. She looked straight ahead. The city was behind them now. 
   “Where are you taking me?”
   “Okay, I’ll be brief—”
   Esmerelda sharply clipped his language short. “You said you would help me find my son.”
   Josh unbuckled and took his hands off the controllers that were on both chair arms. “That’s why I came to get you. I need your help to find Damion.”
   That was the first time she had heard her son’s name in a while. It aroused strong emotions. She longed to become a mother to him again. Esmerelda regretted putting her career over family once more. This would end. 
   “My help?” she said scornfully. “Why do you need me?” Her emotional marathon left her breathless and bent over. “What did Damion do to you?” she challenged.
   Josh took his badge back. “It’s nothing like that.” He indulged in a transition from playing defense into a deserving explanation for a moment. “Your son is a person of interest to the FRN, detainee to Scorpion, and someone I am charged with rescuing.”
   Esmerelda drank in the information. The various pieces in Josh’s message percolated through her filter like a slow-brew coffee. The word detainee gave the blend a generally bitter aftertaste. 
   She finally formulated the dramatic question Josh expected she would: “My baby is being held by Scorpion?!”
   “Yes Mrs. Westover.”
   “Please, call me Esmerelda,” the model said as her left hand went on a mission to pet the Viper agent’s knee. 
   “You really don’t have to do that.” 
   Josh’s radar sensed the incoming flesh in time to have a prepared interceptor shooting up to meet the unwanted advance. His quicker hand made contact with the slower stealthier CoverGirl mitt on a mission. 
   She got the hint and returned what belonged to her. Esmerelda held the formations of a smile in place. “What’s my role?”
   Josh acted like he had the next line in the play he didn’t look forward to saying. “You and I must go in as a couple.”
   The middle-aged woman started to laugh. “What was that all about a minute ago then…when I—”
   “You weren’t pretending,” Josh replied. 
--




Masada,


   Azriel pursued Esther through the portal shaped like a diamond. It was one of several doors leading deeper into the mysteries of the space station. 
   “Is this place even real?” Azriel doubted. He dared breathe the oxygen of the video game world. 
   “Wait, you’ve played this level before, haven’t you?” the boy put it to her.
   “Azriel, this is your destiny in five years. This place is real. Or will be real, more accurately.”
   “Who’s my target again?” he called out after her.
   Esther tore a panel off the wall and shined a blue beam at the circuitry. Her gloved hand reached in for the tangle of wires to extract the one she searched for. The junior cadet then used a tool to open a socket to get into the network. A weak hologram projected from her wristband onto the wall a ghastly green shell of the platform they were on. 
   “What?” she finally said. She had been too preoccupied to listen to him talk. Seemed like that was all he was good for so far. 

   A tremendously violent shake rattled all the bulkheads, upending a few floor tiles, and starting mild fires all around. 
   Esther’s hologram began to slant obliquely on its surface because the person who threw the projection had left the floor to drift in a zero gravity situation. 
   Azriel bonked off of her side and careened into a much less forgiving object. 
   “He’s here,” Esther uttered. 
   Azriel knew. “My target.”
   “In the real world, you’ll only get one shot,” she reminded him as she reached out to stabilize herself and stop the out-of-control nauseous spinning.
   “I know how that works, now can we move on to our objective here?”
   “A minute ago you didn’t even know who our target was. Is that still true?”
   “All I remember is his last name sounded familiar.” Azriel scratched his head. “Markov?”
   Esther offered a hand which the boy received. She winched him in like a docking arm ferrying its cargo. 
   “Yeah, that’s him. You have his profile memorized? Like, if he were to be here would you know to shoot him?”
   The question altered Azriel’s face. “I haven’t shot anyone before,” he admitted. His tacit vacillation over his new occupation though absent before now found a voice. 
   “Oh my god,” Esther frowned. “You sure you didn’t lose your way kid?”
   Azriel’s voice deepened. “I’m in the right place,” he insisted, pounding his chest to reinforce his belief.
   Esther tugged at his arm she still held on to. “Come on! We have to move.”
   “What do we do if we see anybody?” 
   “Shoot on sight.” 
   When the young man didn’t say anything after that his female complement to the mission said, “This will test your mettle. Let’s see what you got, Kemper.”
   She was proud for once again not stumbling by mistakenly calling him by his real last name.
   The two junior cadets synchronously travelled for a length of time. The crawlway they moved through had the intrinsic claustrophobic compartments of a submarine with the elements of modular space structures connected by bottleneck hatches. Aztec markings furnished the walls in a straight line like chair rail in a stately dining room. A fluorescent glow brought the art to life.
   “You hear that?”
   “Hear what?” Azriel tried to discern what she may have heard. Yet he came up blank until it became real obvious. 
   Incoming streaks of blood suspended in mid-air straying across their path prepared them for the victim it belonged to. A slayed guard with a charred breastplate where a blade carved out a gushing lesion tumbled out from an airlock.
   “Weapons!” Esther hissed the command.
   Azriel subconsciously drew his gun from the hip in a nanosecond to cover the angle on where the body originated from.
   Esther took caution to analyze her instruments. They indicated there only was one life form. It couldn’t mean the dead guy. Could it?
   Suddenly another person climbed through the opening. Neither one of the two junior cadets fired though. The stranger had an insignia on his shoulder that Esther and Azriel were familiar with.
   “You’re one of us?” the boy asked. 
   The man wearing a combat suit only worn by special operators from Mossad’s special task force clamped his jaw. “What do you think?”
   Esther put her arm out to block Azriel. “Is he here?” she asked the other agent.
   “Seth? Yeah.”
   “We can’t let him stop those shuttles from taking off.”
   “That would be up to this young man, now wouldn’t it?” the much bigger and more imposing one of the three stated.
--

To be continued…

   
     
   
       
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
    

   
    

    
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
    
   
    
   

     
         

   
   
     
   
    
   
   
        
      
     
    
   
    
     
  
    
   
      
             
    
  
   



     
   
   
   
    
   
   
      
    
   
    
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
   
 
   

 
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
      
   
   
   
