

WILTON’S GOLD
BOOK ONE: FORTUNE
by Craig W. Turner
Edited, Produced, and Published by Writer’s Edge Publishing 2014

All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
© 2014 Craig Turner
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.
All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Other Books by Craig Turner
Fortune
Fulfillment
Fate
For Nadine
Thank you
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
WILTON’S GOLD has been a five-year leg of a two decade journey of novel writing for me. My path to publication of this series has been influenced and inspired by so many people, and I cherish all of them – my test readers, my followers on social media, and my friends and colleagues who simply let me bounce ideas off of them. Specifically, I want to thank the following:
Nadine, my wonderful wife, who never begrudges me my writing time even though there are literally hundreds of things I should be doing around the house. And my children, Karissa, Joel, Sarafina and Mariella, for always inspiring me to do something they’re proud of. For a writer, there is nothing quite like having one of your children ask you to open Microsoft Word for them so they could start working on a book of their own.
My mother, Barbara, who got the writing bug when I was in high school and asked me to edit her stuff for her (so many commas!). Grandma, for her inspiration every day, and for taking me to Universal Studios Hollywood in 1989 where we had the opportunity to go on the set of Back to the Future, Part II. And Aunt Laura, for always, always encouraging me in whatever I’m setting out to do. 
Chad Baldwin and the folks at Writer’s Edge Publishing, for taking a chance on this new author and building a fantastic partnership, and Jennifer Wilson, my editor, for her insightful work on my manuscripts – as difficult as time travel is to write, with the twists, turns and loopholes, I can’t imagine that editing someone else’s time travel interpretation is any easy task.
Two people that don’t know me personally, but whose small interactions with me had a tremendous influence on these books: author coach Mark Malatesta, for his well-thought out advice to change what was a pretty awful working title. And Sara Megibow of the Nelson Literary Agency – in a reply from Ms. Megibow to an early query letter, Ms. Megibow offered some invaluable feedback on one of my characters that ended up having a tremendous influence on all three books. 
Of course, Jesus Christ, for his blessings on me and my family, and for always giving me the inspiration to keep writing – that the story of Joe Wilton and his gold came directly from a dream in the middle of the night is a testament to the fact that we always must be ready for inspiration to strike.
And finally, Steven Spielberg, Robert Zemeckis, Bob Gale, Michael J. Fox, Lea Thompson, Thomas Wilson, Crispen Glover and Christopher Lloyd for inspiring a 12-year-old kid that time travel was just about the coolest concept possible. Without question, I would not have written these novels without Back to the Future’s influence on me – and I hope they live up to the genre that BTTF created. Looking forward to catching up with Doc and Marty on October 21, 2015!


PROLOGUE

Jeff watched as Dr. Murphy walked slowly away from the sidewalk café and into the midday crowd along 36th Street, leaving a half-eaten piece of salmon behind. From his vantage point he couldn’t tell for sure, but he thought the man might be shaking his head. While he wasn’t surprised at the reaction, he had to admit he was a little disappointed. He’d been preparing for this meeting for weeks and in his mind it had gone very differently.
Even as Jeff deflected the refusal, though – it hadn’t been the first time in his professional life he’d been told ‘no’ after all – he felt the need to reconsider his approach if he was going to effectively recruit. Today’s meeting with Dr. Murphy wouldn’t be the last time he’d be telling someone that he’d discovered human time travel. Finally, he tried to put himself in the shoes of someone receiving that information for the first time, and laughed aloud. Amazing that he hadn’t tried doing it before. It wasn’t the easiest thing to hear.
First of all, it wasn’t particularly believable. To most everyone on the planet, including the hundreds of people walking past him on the sidewalk, time travel was a myth. A tool in science fiction movies. A fun topic for discussion on a family road trip. Jeff had to concede that the news that time travel was possible could be incomprehensible to someone not previously involved. While he’d been shooting for excitement and intrigue in his grand reveal, he’d ended up producing doubt and reluctance.
He also should have known better than to underestimate Dr. Murphy. There were dangers inherent in time travel, and while Jeff had duly acknowledged them in his research, he’d personally done his best to ignore them in order to keep pressing forward. From the beginning, he’d been convinced he could maintain control. He’d had no way of knowing whether Dr. Dexter Murphy was the adventurous or conservative sort before he sat down at the lunch table, but in retrospect, he should have expected that he’d look at things from multiple angles, given what he did for a living.
Still, between getting past his initial shock at the concept and then walking away from the conversation, the man had asked relevant, insightful questions. Jeff had at least piqued his interest, even if the radical nature of the topic had ultimately scared him off. But it was definitely enough to build upon, which he had no choice but to do. He needed a historian. He needed this particular historian.
He looked around to see if their waiter was in sight. No luck. Since he hadn’t received the check yet, he estimated the tab for lunch based on his memory of the menu and threw three $20 bills onto the table. Then he broke into a full sprint after Dexter Murphy.

CHAPTER ONE

August 13, 1849

Though he’d been training with it for weeks, the Colt Pocket Revolver felt foreign in Jeff Jacobs’ hands. Never having experienced a gunfight in the Old West, he knew that no amount of practice would have been enough if he was to be called upon to use it. The gun would help him play his part, and present him as a legitimate threat, but there was every reason to hope he wouldn’t need to consider firing it.
He knew the moment Joe Wilton and his team would come trudging into sight, as precisely as he could, but nothing could alleviate his impatience. Which wasn’t surprising. For the first time in a long time, he found himself not in a rush. No smartphone incessantly vibrating in his pocket alerting him to some supposedly urgent e-mail. No next meeting to get to or plane to catch. There was a big part of him that wanted to relax and enjoy it for a while. But that would’ve defeated the purpose of the meticulous planning that had gone into being right here at this exact moment. In-and-out was what he’d told his partners, and though the serenity of this particular mountain pass beckoned to him, the peace would be necessarily short-lived.
He gave himself a small bit of leeway, smiling innocently as he holstered the gun. He couldn’t name a person who wouldn’t want to be right where he was, about to do what he was about to do. It’s why people still watch movies about the Old West – to take themselves to another place for a couple hours, remembering what it was like to feel young again, running around the backyard playing Cowboys and Indians. He was living it. It took all of his concentration to stay focused on the job and not contemplate the world he’d nudged his way into.
Trying to focus on what was coming, he centered himself in one thought: he was the scientist. And if he was having this much trouble staying on task, he could only imagine what was on everyone else’s minds. He remembered Dexter saying at one point that he’d done over 200 reenactments between the Revolutionary, French and Indian and Civil Wars. He’d even dragged Jeff to a couple, where he’d suffered from that definitive fish-out-of-water feeling. But what could Dexter Murphy, having dedicated his life to American history, be thinking at that moment sitting in the Henness Pass – or what would soon become the Henness Pass – waiting for a misguided but well-intentioned American icon to come into view? He could see him across the way, similarly crouched, behind a large protruding block of granite. His shaggy hair poked out from beneath a brown, wide-brimmed authentic felt miner’s hat. Selfishly, as the one who made the moment possible, Jeff thought he would’ve enjoyed sitting next to his friend, hearing his admiration for what they’d accomplished.
The sun was just beginning to descend, its orange light brimming the top of the enormous trees, meaning that the Wilton party would be appearing shortly. They were due to set up camp about two miles to the west, where Joe Wilton would write in his diary by firelight, about the nervousness that had plagued him throughout the day, carrying the kind of load he was carrying. He would settle off to sleep only to be ambushed by thieves at dawn.
There were four in Wilton’s party – not counting the sharpshooters he’d cautiously hidden in the trees. According to his handwritten account, he’d been so uptight about traveling this little-known road, deviating from the more popular, but definitely more treacherous, Donner Pass, that he’d sent four members of his team to watch from above as the wagon cut through the mountainous forest.
Joe Wilton wasn’t in California to find gold as so many others were – he already had it. Lots of it, emblazoned in gold bricks marked with the seal of his own private mint. But his goal was to get it to San Francisco, where business was beginning to boom and a man like him would be able to multiply his fortune quickly. At least that’s how he put it in his own words, in a journal he kept that, in Jeff’s time, resided at the California Gold Rush Museum. According to Wilton, his key to success was making the trip very quietly, to avoid arousing any conflict.
Ultimately however, his fears were realized, as a notorious gang of bandits led by the interminable Daniel “Bad Dan” Carmichael swept through the camp in what would now be the next morning, and made off with about sixty gold bars – valued at $2.1 million in present day dollars – murdering five of Wilton’s men in the process and sacrificing one of their own. Wilton did eventually make it to San Francisco, relying upon his business savvy to create a living for himself as an innkeeper, but his fortune was lost right here in the Sierra Nevadas. The gold bricks were never again seen, likely melted down to hide their origin.
In his diary, Wilton wrote of his surprise from the morning attack, how even the grittiest of his navigators did not see it coming, and how they’d been most worried that, if harm was to come to them, it would’ve been in the narrow path through a particularly deep ravine about two miles east of the area they’d chosen to set up camp. In that spot, the depth of the trail had put the wagon dangerously out of the sight of his sharpshooters, themselves footing more treacherous ground for at least fifteen minutes. A concerted effort could’ve taken the party from the front or back with little resistance – if they could outrun the pursuit that would surely follow, carrying that large weight of gold.  If Wilton himself had planned the ambush, that’s where he would have made it.
Of course, this was the trail that now separated Jeff and Dexter, and the other members of their team, Emeka and Abby, who were hidden somewhere in the brush. If everything went to plan, Bad Dan Carmichael would not be stealing Wilton’s gold the next morning, no matter how history had written it, because it simply wouldn’t be there for him to steal.
A small rock struck the ground near Jeff’s foot. He looked up at Dexter, who’d thrown it his way. Dexter motioned with his head to his left, Jeff’s right. Wilton was coming down the path, right on schedule. Jeff’s own amazement over the accuracy of their information was quickly superseded by a burst of adrenaline. They would have time later to self-congratulate.
His hand went to his revolver. Authentic 1849, like everything else in each of their ensembles. If the wagon was coming, that meant that Wilton’s men were in the trees above them. Currently, they’d be blind, but that would only last so long. His group had to be quick, decisive, and hopefully out of here before a shot was fired. His Colt was ready, though, in case they met hostile resistance. Everyone on the team was similarly armed, but with explicit instructions that no one was to discharge a firearm without it being a life-or-death need. All of their planning was to ensure that wouldn’t have to happen.
Under Dexter’s tutelage, Jeff had spent the last several months studying every detail of Joe Wilton’s life. He knew everything about the man that the history books were willing and able to share. Amazingly, he was now about to meet him. Albeit not under the most pleasant of circumstances.
While he couldn’t yet see the wagon from his vantage point, he could hear the clip-clop of the horses’ hooves on the rocky forest floor. He noticed Dexter sinking further behind the rock, as his position was now clearly in sight. In the final few moments he had before springing into the situation, he went over the details he’d memorized from the diary. Three men – Wilton, his driver, and a business partner – and one woman, Wilton’s wife, Virginia, would be in the party. Wilton and the business partner were armed, though neither was a particularly good shot or fond of drawing weapons. The driver was not armed. Based on Dexter’s interpretation of Wilton’s diary and other writings he’d researched, the team would wholeheartedly look to their leader for guidance in any situation. The plan here was to disarm Wilton himself quickly, and then have the others surrender. If a shot was fired, it would alert the men in the trees and they’d have to make a hasty decision to leave with or without the gold.
The noise of the horses’ footsteps slowed. As he’d written, Wilton was obviously nervous about this part of the trip, and was proceeding as cautiously as possible. Emeka and Abby should by now have emerged from their hiding places, and would be advancing on the wagon from the rear, at this point unnoticed. Jeff drew his pistol and waited, his eyes fixed on his friend across the trail.
After a moment, Dexter motioned with his hand that the time had come. As Jeff stood, he realized how hard his heart was pounding. Three years ago he’d been a lab geek buried in spreadsheets and algorithms, his only life to speak of being a couple of Coors Lights every other weekend at TGIFriday’s at the far end of the Culver Place Mall, and those with his sister. Now he was about to rob a stagecoach, in 1849 California, taking possession of a couple million in gold bricks. For a quick second, he wondered if his parents would’ve been proud.
Pulling his bandana over the lower part of his face, Jeff materialized from out of the trees and approached the wagon, his Colt drawn. Wilton’s driver, a 30-year-old farmer from Mississippi named Lucius Fitzsimmons, who according to Wilton’s diary would be shot and killed the next morning in the ambush, caught sight of him immediately, and started to shout.
“Keep it quiet,” Jeff said in a strong voice, still walking toward the man. “Keep it quiet.”
When Fitzsimmons failed to listen immediately, Emeka the ex-Marine was next to him like a flash, hanging off the side of the stage, a Bowie knife planted against the man’s temple. Jeff had never seen anyone move so fast. “I believe you were told to keep quiet,” he said.
The driver frowned and relaxed his grip on the reins. The wagon came to a complete stop. “Ummmm, Mr. Wilton?” He called back to his passengers. “We’ve got some company.”
“Who’s that?” The voice coming from inside the wagon was guttural, almost exactly what Jeff would have guessed based on his knowledge of Wilton.
“Not sure,” Fitzsimmons said as he calmly took off his straw hat and set it down on the seat next to him. He used his forearm to wipe his brow. His appearance, too, was almost exactly as Jeff had pictured from Wilton’s journal. Not that he’d described him, so to speak, but he’d talked about him enough that Jeff expected the stubbly face and watchful eyes of a wilderness traveler. “But they’re armed. Would you like to speak with them?”
Silence for a moment. “Not particularly.”
By this point, Dexter had made his way to Jeff’s side, his face similarly covered. Seeing Dexter’s red-and-black bandana made him realize that Emeka hadn’t covered his own face, something he’d have to scold him for later. They were not there to make a mark on history, and Emeka’s olive skin, as bestowed upon him by a Nigerian mother and Tennessean father, as well as that noticeable scar on his cheek, would stand out.
“We hear say you’re carrying gold ingots with you to San Francisco,” Dexter said, loud enough for Wilton to hear. Jeff was impressed – not all history nerds could be counted on to provide practical application of their craft so believably. “We’d like to help you make better time by lightenin’ your load.”
Another pause. Jeff immediately wondered if Wilton didn’t know what to do, or if he was strategically stalling to allow his marksmen time to realize something was wrong. If they came to the end of the pass and the wagon didn’t meet them there, they’d surely double back to look for any signs of trouble. Finally, Wilton’s head popped out of the canvas. He had a burly, oval face with what would be described as a big nose and tousled hair – this time, not the look Jeff expected. He glanced first up at Emeka, then at Jeff and Dexter as they faced him. “And how did you come to hear that?” he asked.
“People talk,” Dexter said, keeping it short, knowing well enough not to engage with him in lengthy conversation. “What’s it gonna be, Wilton?”
A ruckus came from the rear of the wagon, where Abby in her full cowgirl regalia dragged out Wilton’s partner, Jacob Pool, who was apparently scrawny enough to be manhandled by a mathematician, by the bolo. He had no weapon in his hand. One down, Jeff thought, provided Mrs. Wilton wouldn’t come out of the wagon guns-a-blazin’, which was unlikely.
“Dammit, Jacob,” Wilton said, shaking his head before turning back to Dexter, who he was clearly assuming was the leader of the operation. Jeff didn’t mind – he had no pride in ownership. “You know you can’t get away quick enough. My men’ll track you.”
Jeff cocked his revolver with a dramatic click. “There’s no need for this to get ugly.”
“Mr. Wilton?” Fitzsimmons said, Emeka’s knife still pressed to his face, the blade leaving an indentation high on his cheekbone.
They heard a whimper come from inside the wagon. Wilton looked backward for a moment, then front again. “Can I check on my wife?”
“We know what you’re doing, Mr. Wilton, and it won’t work,” Dexter said. “We ain’t got time for shenanigans.”
Wilton held up a finger and ducked into the wagon. A moment later, he burst out the rear end of the canvas cover in a full sprint toward the trees. He disappeared in seconds, leaving the road completely quiet and Jeff’s team stunned, staring at each other in disbelief. It was an odd play for a man with a historic reputation for machismo. Self-described, of course, but still…
They didn’t have time to contemplate historical inaccuracies, however, so Emeka pulled the driver to the ground and sat him Indian-style on the side of the trail. Abby maneuvered Pool into the same position, then retrieved the now-abandoned Mrs. Wilton from the back of the wagon. Jeff thought she was pretty, looking great for a woman in the midst of a 2,000-mile journey whose wagon had just been overtaken by bandits. Though clearly affected by what was happening – and probably even more so by seeing her husband skedaddle – she didn’t say a word.
Quickly, they blindfolded the three of them, bound their hands, and instructed them not to move until the rest of their team came back for them. Abby cocked her revolver to let them know they were being supervised. The three men then hopped up into the wagon.
The sun was descending quickly, so the inside of the wagon was dark. Dexter pulled matches from his pocket and lit one. The gold was not immediately evident, and Wilton smartly had not written in his diary exactly where the gold was stashed. Using the limited light from the flame, they tossed personal items around the wagon until Jeff found a metal handle ratcheted to the floor. He pulled hard and a small door opened, dumping a small pile of cast-iron pans loudly to the side.
“What was that?” Abby called from her post. They ignored her.
Inside the door was pay dirt. The light from the match reflected off of the top layer of the gold, which was cleverly hidden in a compartment hanging from the underbelly of the wagon.
Jeff looked up and smiled at his partners. They were beaming. They’d done it. Dexter whooped and Jeff high-fived Emeka.
“Alright, we’re running out of time,” Jeff said. “Let’s get this party on the road.” It had been at least fifteen minutes since they’d approached the wagon. Wilton’s sharpshooters would be headed back this way down the trail. Dexter had estimated the terrain would force them about a half-mile beyond where they were, so the team would need to unload the gold and be gone within minutes.
Forming an assembly line, they piled 60 gold bricks onto the ground about ten feet from the wagon and then called to Abby to join them. Jeff pulled from his trousers a metallic stick with buttons on it, all told about the size of a ruler and set it on top of the pile of gold. Then they surrounded the bricks. Each of them reached a hand forward to touch the stick.
Jeff made eye contact with Dexter, then Emeka, and then Abby, and smiled. “Almost home,” he said.
They heard a shout – a man’s voice – coming from some distance away to the west. They couldn’t see anyone past the wagon, but knew the sharpshooters would be on them in a moment. Jeff pressed a button on the device.
The scenery around them blurred.
A moment later, Jeff, Dexter, Emeka, Abby and a pile of gold bricks sat in the middle of a paved road. Desolate, except for a nondescript white van parked on the westbound shoulder.
They were silent for a long time, simply taking in what had just happened. Jeff examined the terrain around them – it was eerily similar to where they’d just been. The rock, the large piece of granite that Dexter had been hiding behind not fifteen minutes before, was there, unchanged. The trees were much larger, though, hovering over them like giants. To the left and right, other than the paved road, the path looked the same. Just as narrow. Just as vulnerable.
“I don’t believe it,” Abby said, finally breaking the silence. “We did it.”
Jeff smiled, nodding. “Yes, we did. What a team.”
“That was really something,” Dexter said. “I could’ve stayed there for a long while before coming back. You have no idea what that experience means to me.”
“I do, though,” Jeff said. “Because without the research you did we never could’ve made that happen. I can’t believe how smoothly it went. You made this happen.”
“Oh yeah, I invented the time travel device to send us back to 1849. Jeff, this is all your baby.”
“Well,” Jeff said, shrugging, “like I said, it was a team effort. Let’s not celebrate too much, though, yet. Can’t just leave this gold out in the middle of the road.”
They began carrying gold bricks to the waiting van, parked there only about an hour before. Within minutes, Emeka placed the last brick in and slammed the van’s rear door shut.
“Hey, check this out,” he said as he walked around to the passenger side of the van. Jeff and the others strolled to his side to see a sign standing next to the van. “Anyone remember seeing that there before?”
No one answered. The sign was a State of California historical marker, with brass letters emblazoned on a dark background. It read:

“Wilton Pass – 1849: On this site, pioneer Joe Wilton and his party were ambushed by bandits in one of the largest heists in California history. Over $1 million in gold bricks was stolen.”

“Wow,” Abby said. “That’s crazy. That happened like five minutes ago.”
“One million...” Jeff said, then turned and smiled. “I bet we get about fifteen.” Emeka and Abby laughed. Jeff noticed a change in Dexter, however, who couldn’t hide the new concern on his face. He slapped him on the arm. “C’mon, what’s the matter?”
“We changed history,” he said. The gravity of his voice seemed to echo through the pass. “We weren’t supposed to do that. That’s not what we were there for.”
Jeff laughed again. “You worry too much. It was inevitable we would change something,” he said. “Let’s philosophize about all of that later. Right now, I need a bone-in rib eye at the closest mountain lodge we can find. We’re celebrating – and dinner’s on me.”
“I would hope so,” Emeka said, climbing into the van.
“Can we make sure this place has something for me to eat this time?” Abby asked. “I can’t eat these hungry-man meals like you boys.”
After Abby followed, Jeff watched Dexter solemnly get in and slide the side door shut. A moment later, Wilton Pass was as deserted as it had been a century-and-a-half before.

CHAPTER TWO

September 14, 2015

“Can we try that again?” Dr. Erica Danforth adjusted the microphone pinned to her collar, though she had no way of knowing if it was actually improving anything at all.
“I thought it was a good take,” Cindy Kramer said, looking over at her producer and giving a petulant look, just what Erica would expect from a former first runner-up Miss Alabama, now cable TV pseudo-journalist. “No?”
Connie Rich nodded. “Sounded good from here. Erica, what’s the problem?”
“I feel like I missed making my point on that one,” Erica said. They were taping a segment for The Mystery of History, a weekly History Channel series on which Erica was a regular expert guest. She was a nationally-renowned historian on all topics of American History, particularly those related to the expansion of the nation in the 1800s. She got the call whenever the show’s script dealt with the Pioneers, Lewis & Clark, the Alamo, etc. The episode currently in production had a California Gold Rush theme.
Into the show’s second season, she imagined they were probably used to her on-screen idiosyncrasies and sense of perfection, and, in truth, she’d tried her best to be a bit cooler for their sake. But, she also hated when her words didn’t come out correctly, and she figured that while the cameras were still rolling, they might as well get it right.
“What point is that?” Connie asked, stepping out of the shadows of the small, dark-lit studio. Erica liked her as a producer, although she could be a little gruff. Connie was good at pushing projects forward while showing just enough respect for the experts who provided her content. It’s probably why she already had two Emmys on her mantle at home – one for her documentary on the Mayan calendar and their predicted end of the world in 2012; one for her very popular Travel Channel series, Follow the Leader, which took travel buffs on tours through the lives of various world leaders like Napoleon, Alexander the Great, and Genghis Khan. She understood history, which is why Erica didn’t consider it an inconvenience to be on her speed dial.
Cindy, on the other hand, she wasn’t a big fan of. The tiresome host was the face of the show, her only responsibility being the reading of a script. To be fair, Cindy’s was a very pretty face, but she would rather they’d have hosted the show with more of an academic personality and less of a reality TV feel. Especially with Erica not being your traditional historian, and instead an admittedly youthful and energetic woman, there was enough for her to overcome without a talking head demeaning the show’s credibility.
Now, her dislike for Cindy made her especially adamant that her part be buttoned-up. “I’m not explaining correctly that the mystery not being solved is actually part of the history. I don’t want people thinking it’s some kind of tragedy that there’s no resolution. That is the resolution.”
“I got that,” Cindy said.
She shook her head. “No, it’s not right. And Connie – no offense, but I don’t trust your editors to take what I said and make it right. Let’s do it again. Just the wrap-up. Everything else was good.”
“Whatever you say, Erica,” Connie said with a smile. Well used to her expert’s desire for perfected content, she motioned to her cameraman to do it again.
A young woman rushed in and hastily dabbed Erica’s face with some powder, then ducked out of the interviewing area, which consisted of two comfy black chairs and a fichus positioned in front of a very prestigious-looking library of history books. After a countdown from five, they were back on camera.
“Erica, we’ve talked about three unsolved mysteries from American history today,” Cindy said, bouncing back into host mode. “Is it possible we’ll ever know what happened?”
“Anything’s possible,” she said, looking at Cindy to produce a shot that would come across as an earnest conversation. “But of course it’s highly unlikely that any artifacts or evidence would turn up after such a length of time. Patrick Miller’s murderer in the middle of the night in Tombstone may very well have been his own wife, but a half-hearted investigation by a sheriff who may have been her lover yielded nothing. Sad as the story is, Annie Donovan never returned home to her parents in Boston, and whether she died on the trip to California or went on to a new life with a new name we’ll never know. And as for Joe Wilton’s gold – once it left his hands, it never turned up anywhere. It was either melted down, recast and recirculated into the system, or it’s still out there somewhere.”
“Does that bother you, as a student of history?”
She tried not to smile – to her credit, Cindy had nailed it. “No, it actually doesn’t,” she said, shaking her head. “The fact that there’s no resolution to these three situations – and many others – is part of the history. I have spent my life trying to trace the path of the gold bricks that were stolen from Joe Wilton, and I haven’t been able to come up with anything. But it intrigues me. The lack of evidence is part of the folklore, and it’s not something we should feel badly about or think of with regrets. It is... What it is.”
Cindy smiled and nodded, then turned to the camera. “That’s all the time we have. Thanks to Dr. Erica Danforth from Stanford University for offering her insight.” She nodded to Erica, who nodded back. “And, visit us next week to help solve The Mystery of History.”
Once the camera was off, Erica leaned over to Cindy as they unpinned their microphones and asked, “Who do you have doing next week’s show?” Small talk.
“I’m actually not sure,” she said. “I know we’re doing something about Teddy Roosevelt. Or Franklin.”
On top of her game, Erica thought. There had to be some special skill it took to host a show about which you knew nothing. Admittedly, though, while she would never trade her mind for Cindy’s looks, she did envy her blemish-free skin.
Erica stood and stretched. “We’ll see you next time, Cindy.”
Cindy touched her hand lightly in a quick goodbye, and then got up herself. Erica turned in the opposite direction and almost ran into Connie.
“I see what you were trying to get at,” Connie said as the crew around them began to break down the set. “It’s an interesting point, though it kinda screws with the theme of this show, which is ‘solving mysteries.’ When the viewer sees the word mystery, it creates an innate determination to solve it.”
Erica laughed. “No, see, I’d disagree with that. It’s the wonder of it that makes it an attractive topic. On those ghost hunting shows, they never actually see a ghost. Though the word ‘hunt’ would suggest that you’re actually going to find something, right? People still watch those.”
Connie held up her hands in defeat. “I’m not saying you’re off base,” she said, “even for the show. I’m just thinking how the comments you just made gel with the opening and closing, where we actually say that we’re here to ‘solve’ mysteries of history. Cindy’s sign-off line slapped me in the face with it.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean to screw anything up. I can re-shoot if you’d like.” While a moment ago it had been a joke of sorts, now she was genuinely concerned.
“No,” Connie said, shaking her head. “You’re right. And I know – you’ve brought this up before. The show’s been good, and viewership has been solid, but we’re not exactly solving mysteries. More like giving people something to think about. In the end, we’re probably going to solve fewer mysteries than we bring up. Maybe I’ll get the writers to tweak the intro and we can change up the sign-off. Then if we solve one – hey, what the hell? Underpromise and overdeliver.”
“I’m sorry, Connie. I don’t mean to upend anything. I’m not really a ‘why’ person, especially when it comes to this stuff. I’m more of a purist, if that makes sense. Things in history happened, and that history was passed down to us in a way that our forefathers wanted us to understand it. For a purpose. Why would we change that? The information that’s missing? Well, that’s the real mystery of history, isn’t it? It’s the intrigue that keeps people coming back for more.”
Connie was nodding as she spoke, but it was clear she’d stopped listening. “Alright. This is good. Nobody’ll notice the change.” She turned to walk away, but stopped. “I’ll see you in a couple of weeks. Oh, and for the record, if I was producing the ghost show, you can bet your ass there’d be ghosts.”
Erica laughed as she walked out of the studio to her car. She pulled her smart phone from her pocket and clicked it to check the time. As brief as it was, the post-taping conversation with Connie had cost her precious minutes. It was a sunny, late summer day in the Bay Area, which made her thankful she didn’t have to deal with any weather on the drive to Stanford. She navigated her white Nissan Versa through a series of side streets that she’d mapped out until she was on I-280 South and in the clear with reasonably light midday traffic.
Normally, when the show needed Erica, they’d fly her down to Los Angeles for the taping of the studio shots. However, with the topic of this episode focused on Northern California, it was convenient for them to come to her. The crew planned on sticking around for a day or two to get B-roll footage of various sites between San Francisco and Sutter’s famous mill, where the Gold Rush kicked off. That enabled her to film on a day when she had a class, without leaving the comfort of her hometown.
As she drove, a little faster than the posted speed limit – plus a few extra miles per hour to make up lost time – her mind wandered back to the conversation she’d just had. Her thoughts on the topic were certainly ingrained, but were hard to put into words. What did it mean to be a “purist” when it came to history? Certainly the study of history as a social science lent itself to interpretation of the data, and descriptions that had been handed down through time. She’d been in enough classrooms – in the seats and at the professor’s desk – to have been a part of many debates on plenty of related topics. But as she developed herself as a professional historian, she was often frustrated by the fact that despite all of the rhetoric, discussions about history seldom yielded a change in thinking. Pickett ordered his army into a suicide mission, Booth shot Lincoln in the head, and the Titanic sank. Trying to piece together available information from decades or even centuries ago to re-interpret these things was pointless. It was like trying to change history. From the time this frustration set in, her focus as a historian, teacher, and writer had been to focus on what people learned from historical events, and how they altered people’s thinking going forward. That’s where the real message was.
She passed a slick red Ferrari, which told her that she should probably slow down a bit, then glanced at the clock on her stereo. She was making decent time, and though it honestly wouldn’t have been a big deal if she sauntered into the classroom a couple of minutes late, she didn’t like to do that. Assuming a free-flow of traffic, she’d estimated about 50 minutes from the studio to her parking lot at Stanford. She’d cut it close, even under the assumption that she’d never have time to get out of the film make-up Connie’s show demanded.
Though she felt a little badly about the hassle she’d caused, she appreciated that Connie was going to change the show’s intro to suit her messaging. And she was right – Erica had brought up the concept before, while they were doing a show about the Oklahoma “Sooners,” those who had crossed the starting line in the famous 1893 Oklahoma Land Rush before the starting gun had sounded. For the show, they’d followed two families – a Sooner family named the Hickoks, who had cheated, and a “Boomer” family, the Flanagans, who had played fairly and waited for the “Boom” of the cannon – through the Land Rush. The Sooner family obviously acquired their land, with the Boomers ending up empty-handed. The mystery was what happened to the Flanagans and many others like them, who had traveled across the growing nation for this important event only to come up short. A mystery that, despite all the research tools available, was unsolved. Erica had told Connie during the filming that they were going to have a tough time bringing that episode to a conclusion, which they finally did by saying something about new opportunity with footage of a dramatic sunset over the Texas panhandle. At the time, she was confident the shot’s aesthetic appeal would restore all of the Flanigan family’s lost hope.
She started to pass signs for Stanford University and made her way into the right lane to be ready to exit. Even though the school was a bit of a distance from her home, she chose to live in San Francisco. She only had two classes per week, and held office hours on those days. She liked the big city, and appreciated the atmosphere and people. It was a studious, hardworking city that was affluent without having too much pretension, and bustling without East Coast or LA headaches. And she especially liked the evolution of the region, from the historical figures she studied, leading up to the people she passed on the way to the coffee shop. She imagined that while their priorities had changed from hunting for gold to hunting for the most succulent sashimi, their personalities and motivations were at least somewhat the same.
At least that’s how she thought about herself.
She took the Sand Hill Road exit from the highway and a few moments later pulled onto campus. She actually parked right on time, but it took her three minutes to speed-walk to her classroom, where her students were sitting in relative silence, waiting for her arrival. A sea of open laptops and readied tablets greeted her as she tossed her bag to the side and switched on the computer. She picked up the stylus while still catching her breath, ready to write on the tablet connected to the overhead projector.
“How’s everybody?”
A fairly positive murmur came up from the crowd. There were about 35 in the class, and at a glance they looked to be mostly present.
“I apologize for being late,” she said. “It’s a nice day, so I’ll try to get through this and get you out of here early. Remember, your two-page paper on Santa Ana is due a week from today – I want you to really delve into the missteps he made as a leader. Some of it we’ll talk about today in relation to the Battle of San Jacinto.”
She wrote “Battle of San Jacinto” on the pad, and it appeared on the HD monitor behind her.
“Who can tell me about the ‘Runaway Scrape’?” she asked, looking up at the class. A handful of arms went up. She called on Kellen, a tall, lanky kid with messy hair and goofy t-shirt that hid how smart he actually was, and then she readied herself for another debate on American history.

CHAPTER THREE

“I don’t know what you expect to find in there,” Jeff said. “I’ll give you three minutes. The flight leaves in two hours and we still have an hour to get to Sacramento.”
“It’s a chartered flight,” Dexter said, getting out of the passenger side of the van onto a dusty gravel lot in front of a large, wooden barn-like building. “It leaves when we get there. This is important.”
“Stay here,” Jeff said, instructing Emeka and Abby as though he had the authority to do so. In reality, they’d probably prefer to stay in the car and rest anyway. Especially Emeka, after the massive hunk of Kansas City strip he’d just put down. Jeff hopped out of the van and met Dexter in step. “This is only going to take a second.”
The main entrance to the building featured an enormous yellow and red sign, “California Gold Rush Museum.” It was a throwback to the 1850s, the kind of roadside respite that the first settlers on the scene might have set up, and the rest of the weary 49ers would’ve utilized. A handful of cars with license plates from various states and one pick-up with a camper trailer dotted the parking lot – Jeff could only assume they were all cross-country travelers following their AAA guide maps through the western end of their trip. Jeff stopped Dexter at the rickety wooden steps leading up to the front door. “Do we really need to take the time to do this?”
“Just because we’re robbers now doesn’t negate us needing to continue to approach this as scientists,” Dexter said, and with a forcefulness that Jeff hadn’t seen before. “We need to understand all the outcomes of our experiment, and this is a big part of it.”
“Yeah, but right now I’m not concerned about the philosophy of it all,” Jeff said. “I’m concerned about getting home.” But Dexter was already up the stairs and through the door. Jeff followed.
The California Gold Rush Museum was well-lit, the walls covered with the types of artifacts you would expect to see in such a place – coonskin caps, miners’ clothing, period vignettes and daguerreotypes. Display cases showed chunks of unrefined gold, with small plaques designating where and when they’d been found. At the register, a kind older woman cashed out a family buying a painting of Sutter’s Mill while the two children lobbied to get a piece of the fool’s gold sitting in a basket on the countertop.
While this was Jeff’s first time at the museum, Dexter had been a regular visitor while researching the tragic tale of Joe Wilton and his gold in advance of their trip. As a result, he navigated swiftly through the display cases and into a second room Jeff hadn’t noticed. The room was set up as a miner’s home would’ve been during the Gold Rush – simple, with a low table covered with a wool blanket for a bed, a small bench which was probably used for eating, and a wood-burning stove. Having just experienced that time, and having seen Joe Wilton’s entire household carried in a covered wagon, Jeff realized how thankful he was for an in-house toilet and the ability to get a burger less than a half-mile from his apartment in either direction.
He followed Dexter through the miner’s house to a third room, where a young man worked leaning over his desk like a wolf protecting its food. Unlike the others, the room was not filled with artifacts. It was clearly the Museum’s office area, containing only two old wooden desks covered with papers and a metal filing cabinet. The man looked up when the floorboard under Jeff’s foot squeaked, pulling a thick pair of glasses from his face.
“Hey – what are you doing back here?”
Dexter said, “Lionel, it’s me, Dexter Murphy. I was here about three months ago. You helped me with the Wilton diary.”
Lionel set his glasses on the desk and leaned back in the chair, thinking. “Oh yeah, the Wilton diary. Aren’t you from somewhere out east?”
Dexter nodded, staying serious. “Would you mind if I took a look at it again?”
“You think something’s changed?” Jeff took a quick glance at his friend before Lionel laughed and stood; the man had been joking. “I guess that’s not a problem,” he said, then walked past them out to the museum area.
Following, Jeff didn’t imagine that just anyone could walk into the museum and ask to get a closer look at the artifacts. It was one of the most pivotal reasons that the first member of his team he’d recruited was a historian of Dexter’s skill and notoriety. He was able to ask questions that no one else knew to ask, and get into places that no one else was able to enter. For what they were trying to accomplish he was absolutely essential, and for that alone, Jeff was willing to follow him around for a couple minutes and delay their flight home.
Lionel led them to a display case at the center of the large room and gently lifted the cover off of it. Evidently Joe Wilton’s diary was one of the highlights of the museum, and Jeff gave Dexter even more admiration when he was delicately handed the book.
“Do you mind if we sit?” Dexter asked, motioning to Jeff, as well.
Lionel shrugged more with his face than his shoulders and led them to what must’ve been the employee break room. They sat across from each other at an eight-foot table near a vending machine.
“What are you thinking you’ll find in there?” Jeff asked once Lionel had left them alone.
Dexter was already flipping carefully through the book, one page at a time. “I just want to see how much we screwed up history with our little escapade.”
“Escapade? Were you not fully on board?” Jeff struggled to keep his voice low; the last thing he’d expected from Dexter were second thoughts.
Dexter held up a hand with half his attention, still searching with the other. “No, no, no,” he said, “I was with you. But based on what I find here it may be something I won’t ever consider doing again. Hold on.”
Jeff sighed and leaned forward for whatever news would come. Having an academic with him did have its drawbacks.
“Here it is,” Dexter said, turning the book so that Jeff could see it and pointing at a particular passage.
For the first time since they’d gotten back, Jeff was hit with the magnitude of what they’d done. Seeing Wilton’s own writing on the page after just having come face-to-face with him hours before made the experience suddenly very real. To everyone else in the world, the page that Dexter had turned to was over 150 years old, but for them it had literally been written that same day. He realized that, up until that moment, he’d been an out-of-control cheerleader who wasn’t paying nearly enough attention to what was happening other than to look at the question of whether it could be achieved. Suddenly, he felt much more attuned to Dexter’s line of thinking.
“Look at this,” Dexter said, reading Wilton’s script aloud. “‘We came across a tight spot, the mountainside rising up on both sides of us. I should have known we were vulnerable and adjusted course, but it looked passable. It was slightly before sundown, and we were to set up camp on the other side. Unfortunately, as we traversed the narrow pass, we were beset by bandits...’“ Dexter looked up at Jeff.
“Is it different than it was?” Jeff said.
He nodded.
The sallow expression on his face sent a chill down Jeff’s spine. He sat up and let out a deep sigh. “Wow.”
“Oh my...” Dexter said, reading ahead. “This is crazy. ‘To protect our persons, I fought them off before being subdued. I believe I may have mortally wounded the largest of the group, but one, with a grotesque scar on his cheek, was very quick, and overtook me at knifepoint. However, we were blindfolded and the bandits made off with our gold.’”
Jeff was about to make a comment about Emeka and that stupid bandana, but did a double-take when he comprehended the rest of Wilton’s recount. He burst out laughing. “He’s a liar,” Jeff said. “He’s a bald-faced liar. He ran off into the woods... You’re not laughing.”
“No, I’m not. Don’t you see the risk we’re taking here? We are making precise calculations based on historical research, and to do so we’re taking the word of people who may or may not have been truthful in their recollections. We’re skating on really thin ice here.” Dexter returned to eyeing the journal.
“Oh, will you get over it,” Jeff said, slapping him on the shoulder across the table. “This is awesome. We’re the only people in the world that know this guy is full of crap. And we know because we saw it. He ran off into the woods like a rattler was chasin’ him.”
“We’re not in the Old West anymore,” Dexter said. “You can cut the act.”
“Old habits.” He closed his eyes to be dramatic. “Can you at least take a moment to enjoy this before we get all serious?”
Dexter was reading intently, however. “No, I can’t. ‘This morning, we were besieged by another set of bandits, this one led by the infamous Dan Carmichael. It was as if someone had published our whereabouts for the masses. We pleaded with them that our gold had already been stolen. They searched the camp, and by ‘searched’ I mean that they destroyed most everything we had, but left without further incident. Crippled by the attack, we spent the remainder of the day building new shelter.’”
Jeff stared at him, waiting for him to finish. “What does that mean?”
“It means Bad Dan Carmichael’s ambush in the morning never happened.”
“It sounds like it did, though.”
“No,” Dexter said. “The original diary said that in the ambush five of Wilton’s men were killed. According to this diary, other than them destroying his property looking for the gold, the incident was peaceful. No shots were fired.”
“So we saved some lives,” Jeff said, noticing the guy, Lionel, coming toward them again and standing impatiently to the side. “Even better.”
“This is not a game, Jeff,” Dexter said. “You’re treating it like a game.”
“How are you guys doin’?” Lionel asked, poking his head into the break room. “I can’t have one of my most important exhibits off the floor for too long.”
Without a word, Dexter took out his smartphone and snapped photos of the page he was currently on, as well as the next page. He folded up the book and handed it to Lionel, thanking him. Dexter walked out of the room before Jeff could even stand.
When they got back to the van, they found Emeka sleeping sprawled across the back seat and Abby standing outside working on her tablet on the hood. They got into the van silently like a couple who had just had a blow-up fight and didn’t want the kids to know. Abby followed.
No one said a word until they saw the first sign for the Sacramento Airport, and that was only for Jeff to announce that they’d made good time. Abby gave the perception that she was wrapped up in her tablet, but more likely she could sense the friction in the front seats and wanted to avoid it. Together, they returned the rental van, loaded four suitcases full of gold bricks onto the plane, and then headed back to the East Coast.

CHAPTER FOUR

September 16, 2015

Jeff pulled his Honda Civic against the curb in front of Dexter’s suburban home in Teaneck and hopped up onto the sidewalk. He wrapped his jacket around him a little more and shoved his hands deep in his pockets; a cold front had come through overnight and it was unseasonably chilly for North Jersey in September. The jacket was tight over his sport coat – he didn’t dress up enough to invest in a trench – so he tugged at it while running up the front steps to the doorbell. Waiting, he straightened his tie.
After thirty seconds, the door opened. Dexter stood in the doorway leaning on the open door with a wholly unamused look on his face. “Last time you came to my house unannounced I ended up robbing a stagecoach,” he said.
Jeff laughed. “I promise I won’t make you do it again. Can I come in?”
Dexter stepped aside and held the door open for him to enter. Though they hadn’t spoken, Jeff took the welcome as a sign that their argument was over.
Dexter’s place wasn’t particularly large, though more than enough for one person, but it was very nice by Jeff’s standards. Everything was dark wood and ornate, with large, bright windows that let in a disproportionate amount of natural light. Of course, each room was filled with historical artifacts – Dexter, when he wasn’t robbing stagecoaches, was a professor of history at Columbia, a published expert on many historical topics, and an avid collector. His prize possession was a sword that had once belonged to Stonewall Jackson, which hung over the non-working fireplace, presenting it as the first thing anyone would see after walking through his front door. But each piece in his collection was as amazing as the last. When Jeff had visited Dexter’s home for the first time, he’d gotten the tour and immediately suggested that Dexter start charging admission.
Now, he simply stepped inside, tossed his jacket on his friend’s plush sofa, and sat down. After Dexter got him a Coke from the refrigerator, he took a seat across from him, using the remote to turn down the volume on the television hanging on the far wall. History Channel. What else? “What’s up?”
“I’ve got the itch again,” Jeff said. “I wanted to talk to you about the next one on our list.”
He sighed. “My jet lag hasn’t even worn off, and you’re already ready to do this again? Honestly, Jeff, I don’t know if I’m prepared to do this again. We haven’t even dealt with the last one.”
Something of which Jeff was fully aware. He ignored it for now, though. “Because of the diary?”
“Because it’s wrong. You’re a scientist. Doesn’t any of this strike you as wrong?”
Jeff shook his head. “I know what point you’re trying to make about changing history. But if you think about it, changing history is actually impossible. When we intercepted Wilton before his camp was attacked, we didn’t change history. We created a new history. There are four people on this planet that have a story in their minds of Bad Dan Carmichael and his men attacking Joe Wilton’s party and killing five of them. That’s it. To everyone else in the world, things transpired exactly the way Wilton described it in his diary. ‘Changing history’ insinuates that there was something to change. But there wasn’t. It is what it was.”
“You know that’s a spin on the truth.”
“Is it?” He knew it was, of course. He’d rehearsed the speech on the drive over.
Dexter sat back on his love seat and put one foot up on the table. “Your logic is skewed, then. My argument to you all along has been that if we have this technology that allows us to go back in time, why wouldn’t we go back and stop 9/11? Or steer the Titanic around the iceberg? But you continue to preach about trying our best to not change history – especially in a significant way. By the reasoning you just gave, if we stopped 9/11 from happening, it wouldn’t be changing history, it would be creating a new history where no one flew airplanes into the World Trade Center.”
“We’ve been through this,” Jeff said, feeling like he was leaning more and more forward as his friend retreated. “What makes our experiments safe and responsible is our ability – your ability – to pinpoint a precise moment and take advantage of it. There’s no specific point in time when we could stop 9/11 from happening.”
“How do you know?  Also, experiments, as in plural?”
He skipped that second one. “You go back and start telling people that Al Qaida’s going to be flying planes into buildings on September 11th, you’re going to end up in a heap of trouble. As for Joe Wilton and his boys – as far as they knew, some bandits that were hiding up in the Sierra Nevadas in 1849 attacked them and stole their gold. No conspiracy theories, no putting people on edge with any long-term repercussions, and no dramatic changes to history. Just in-and-out new history. His gold was being stolen either way... I’m playing around with what I’m ultimately going to call this principle when I finally release a report on time travel.”
“What principle?”
“That only the time traveler is aware of any changes that are made while time traveling. To everyone else in the world, there is only one reality. If I were to go back in time right now and...change the channel on your television, for instance, I would know that it was on the History Channel at some point, and you would be sitting here watching the… Travel Channel… without knowing anything had changed.”
“Well, that stands to reason, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, but it’s a different concept for the person doing the traveling than it is for the person not experiencing the ‘change.’ The Wilton history feels different to us because we knew something else from before. No one else on this planet knows there was any another way forward.”
Dexter sighed. “I’m not saying you’re wrong in your logic. I’m just making sure that you know it isn’t consistent with what you’ve been saying all along.”
“Does it make you feel better to say that?”
He shook his head. “Not as much as I’d hoped. But let me stop you. You said experiments, plural, and then ignored me when I caught you. What else do you have planned?”
Jeff finished his Coke and then sat back again. He paused for a moment like a husband trying to find a way to tell his wife that he was invited to a bachelor party that was going to have strippers. “I want to do the bank job.”
Dexter laughed out loud. “You’re out of your mind.”
“It’s the best option. It’s the safest option.”
With Dexter’s help, Jeff had compiled a handful of moments in history where they would be able to pinpoint exactly when and where some sort of treasure would be. Which wasn’t easy, because Jeff had set rules: it couldn’t be from a time so recently that the fortunes of people who were currently alive were clearly affected; their target had to be moveable (i.e. gold doubloons from the 1500s were not an option), and at the same time not so obvious as to arouse suspicion; and it couldn’t dramatically change history – which they all knew was nearly impossible to predict, but avoided admitting was not possible. In addition, they needed to minimize danger.
The opportunities, like the Wilton job, generally manifested themselves through some recollection of the moment left behind for them to use as a guide map. The “bank job” was one of seven on which Dexter had compiled research and was, in Jeff’s view, crafted from the moment they got on the plane back from Sacramento through until now, the most logical next choice.
In 1931, Learned, Mississippi, a bank robber named Robert Miles walks into a bank and steals $200,000 at gunpoint. As he’s leaving the bank, a young reporter who happened to be walking along the sidewalk with his camera drawn snaps a quick picture – for which Miles, trying to make a name for himself, poses. The photo made the front page of the paper. Miles, however, disappeared down a road out of town and wasn’t heard from again for several years, until he was arrested in 1939 in California for petit larceny after walking out on a bar tab. In police custody, he confessed to the bank robbery, but during an interrogation he laughed at how he’d fooled everyone years before, with a fake gun made out of a carved baseball bat (“still would’ve hurt if I’d hit someone in the head with it – I hit 15 home runs in A ball the year before,” he’d said).
“I didn’t realize we were looking for options,” Dexter said. “And you need to slow things down a bit here – there’s still clean-up to be done from the Wilton job. You haven’t moved the gold yet. You know the attention we’re going to get when we do it, don’t you?”
“That’s where you come in.” He smiled to himself. Dexter’s response was not about doing another job – it was about timing. Exactly what he needed.
Dexter sat up, pointing to his own chest to strenuously make his point. “I’m not doing it. I have a reputation to uphold. It’d raise way too many questions.”
“No, you’re not; Emeka’s going to do it. I just need you to make that contact for us. And there’s no rush – we’re in okay shape for now. I’m not worried about physically moving it yet. I just want to get the ball rolling.”
“How about the rest of your team? Where do they stand on this?”
He smiled. “Like you said, we don’t need the attention right now.”
“So, I’m supposed to just contact my guy and say...”
“Say you were contacted by someone who looked you up on-line, and that you feel it’s important they talk. He’s on to something pretty big. It has to be confidential, et cetera et cetera. Tell him to consider it a favor, and they’ll make it worth the time.”
“And you think that’ll work?”
“When I lay a $50K gold brick in front of him, it will.” He knew that he was much more adept at influencing people with facts and figures than anything else, so the bribery idea was more or less a brainstorm.
Dexter looked at him blankly. “I’m pretty sure the people that I would go to with this don’t do business that way,” he said, and paused for a moment. Jeff tried to read his face. “You’re going to do this with or without me, aren’t you?”
“I’d rather it be with you.”
Dexter sighed. Jeff knew he could get him to stay on, even if it was just to be a chaperone. “I suppose your ‘principle’ applies here?”
“How so?”
“Well, you could do this without me ever knowing. So, to keep you safe, it’s probably best that I’m with you.”
“Look,” Jeff said, smiling at Dexter’s response. “Can we talk about this in the car?”
“In the car? I’m not going anywhere.”
“I need you to come with me – I have to present to the government people.”
“Are you out of your mind? That’s today?”
“It’s every six weeks. It’s the government.” Jeff shrugged helplessly. “I know. What a pain.”
Dexter shook his head, trying unsuccessfully not to smile. “You know, I wondered why you had a shirt and tie on. I didn’t ask because I knew your answer would be ridiculous. Why do you need me there again?”
“I don’t know. I just feel like I do better when you’re there. I like the support.”
“Do you ever consider the fact that other people have other things going on in their lives?” Dexter shook his head – it didn’t appear Jeff would ever change, changed history or no.
“Why?”
Dexter laughed and stood. “Let me get my coat. Pain in my ass.”
Jeff helped him get ready by turning off the television.

CHAPTER FIVE

Jeff sat at a conference table in the Queens district office of Congresswoman Rosa Rivera. Ms. Rivera had nothing to do with why Jeff was there – her office just happened to be a good place for the representatives of the General Services Administration to meet with awardees of stimulus funding grants for project updates, since so many were concentrated in the tri-state area, of course.
The conversation in the car had been less than productive. Jeff had been hoping that he and Dexter would discuss future endeavors, but since they really hadn’t had any time to regroup since arriving home from California and the Wilton job, they took advantage of the time in the car to compare notes.
As Jeff had expected, Dexter had been pining over the ability to spend more time in the Old West. For a historian with his intensity and dedication, only getting a taste was too much to handle. He talked about how he longed to visit Old San Francisco, to see the growing city and join in the excitement that surrounded heading west to find fortune. From Jeff’s perspective, he knew that his friend would likely feel the same way about any place and time combination, which for him was a powerful tool to ensure that Dexter stay involved. Much as Jeff hated to admit it, the truth was that the operation didn’t exist without Dexter. Jeff was not a student of history beyond a fleeting interest in cool historical Mel Gibson movies. There was no way that any of his goals could be realized without a historian of Dexter’s caliber on the team. Time was too vast an arena for an amateur to try to play. And too dangerous.
In the car, as Dexter was going on and on about Gold Rush figures he would’ve loved to meet, Jeff let his mind wander to the evening he’d presented his idea to the person who would become his best friend and closest confidant. He’d sought Dexter out two years earlier after compiling a roster of the top five historians he could find on the East Coast. Dexter fit the model of the type of person he was looking for – the right age, the right physical make-up, the right skin tone, the right hands-on interest in history. A lot goes into planning a raid a couple hundred years before you were born, and attention to detail was critical.
He approached Dexter via social media, and after forcing his way through all of the “chance of a lifetime” e-mails that come in the common man’s inbox, he’d finally been able to connect with him on his own offer of a chance of a lifetime. As a researcher consistently fighting for funding, Jeff was well-schooled in persuasion, so Dexter had agreed to meet him for dinner at a hole-in-the-wall seafood restaurant in midtown Manhattan. It was on that night that Jeff outlined his plan – an opportunity for him to not only study history, but live it.
To which, of course, Dexter, after enjoying a thick piece of Atlantic salmon, stood and bid Jeff adieu.
Jeff had chased him for a half block down 36th Street and handed him his card with a promise of no hard feelings if they parted ways and never saw each other again. But the idea was like a puzzle for Dexter, who couldn’t help but give some thought to what the card might mean – if Jeff could indeed make his time travel trick happen, what would be a logical destination? It took very little of Dexter’s time to pinpoint one of his favorite historical tales, the crossing of Joe Wilton through the Henness Pass. He contacted Jeff and demanded to know how he could make it happen.
Jeff showed him the time device. Dexter signed on to the project.
It was a fluke, of course, how Jeff had actually discovered how to time travel – one that he would dance around in front of government reps every six weeks. That included today, sitting in the Congressional office awaiting their appointment. But the technology worked nonetheless, and just the promise of exploration was enough to bring Dexter on board.
The bureaucrats entered, systematically suited, in a line, just as you’d expect federal reps to enter a room – two men and one woman. Jeff recognized the men from previous meetings; the woman he didn’t know. They exchanged handshakes and quick pleasantries, and then the three sat across from him as if he was up for parole.
Dexter, who’d been sitting in a chair against the wall behind Jeff, stood and handed him two copies of his report bound with butterfly clips. “I apologize,” Jeff said, “but I only brought two copies. There’s usually only two of you.”
It was no problem for them, as the woman and one of the men shared a copy. Jeff instructed them to flip to the second last page, which they did.
“As usual, I’ve prepared a summary of my progress on the project, highlighted in these seven bullet points,” he said. “If you need more details, they are included in the pages preceding.”
He allowed the budget people to read for a moment, then continued. “Rest assured that the taxpayers’ money is being well spent, and great progress is being made. In the past six weeks, I’ve increased the size of the test matter to that of about a one-carat diamond. Though I haven’t been able to manipulate it, it feels close.” Half-truths right from the outset. The key was the word “manipulate.”
“I’m sorry,” the woman spoke. “I’ve read your last few reports, but you’ll have to bring me up to speed a little. I see what you’re trying to accomplish, but I’m having a hard time believing that it’s real.”
Jeff smiled, as warmly as he could. “I apologize. I actually didn’t introduce myself, and I didn’t catch your name either. I’m Dr. Jeff Jacobs.”
“Rebecca Barnum,” she said.
“Ah, like the circus.”
She nodded.
“Well, Ms. Barnum,” Jeff said, “what I’m trying to achieve is the changing of energy into matter, which has in the past been considered to be, at the worst, impossible, and at best impractical, due to the amount of energy required to create only the smallest output of matter – as in a few atoms. On paper, however, the formulas are sound. There have been schools of thought since Einstein that believe that, when matter reaches the speed of light, it actually turns into light. Therefore, if we can – using a particle accelerator – speed up the atomic particles of some piece of matter, we can turn it into light. You follow?”
She nodded.
“The question then is, what happens when we slow down the particles? What’s to say that if I take a baseball and aggravate the particles to reach the speed of light so that the baseball becomes light itself, that when I slow it down it returns to the shape, size and make-up of a baseball? You would have to completely control the atoms to make them reform into exactly what you want them to be, whether that’s what they were previously or something new. On paper, we should be able to turn a baseball into anything of approximate size.”
“And can you?”
“Not yet,” Jeff said, shaking his head. “At this point the matter is too complex. We began with an atom, and then a molecule, and then a grain of sand – and were able to find some success. In our last iteration of experiments, we were able to wholly transform an object the size of a diamond into a round, soft object, resembling an overripe blueberry. I wouldn’t eat it, of course, but that’s the best description I can come up with.” He laughed at his own joke. He’d actually done this presentation enough that he felt comfortable with these people, which was helpful since he was putting on a show. He took comfort in the fact that there were elements of truth in what he was saying.
“Is this like that thing on Star Trek where they could program any kind of food they wanted?”
Jeff smiled. “Precisely, it is. Isn’t it fascinating that so many scientific breakthroughs are first imagined in science fiction movies? Are you a Trekkie?”
“Closet.”
He put his hand to his face to feign telling a secret in cheesy fashion, whispering, “Me too.”
“And you really think this is going to work?”
“There’s nothing that’s happened to make me feel otherwise,” he said.
“And what are the applications?”
“Well, they’re limitless. How about feeding the hungry by turning bricks and stones into food? Or ensuring our troops have the supplies they need at any given moment without the risk that comes with transporting supplies?”
“You’re talking about feeding people – a particle accelerator costs tens of millions of dollars. It’s not like every home will have one.”
“With all due respect, Ms. Barnum, that sounds like something they might’ve said in the sixties when talking about the first computer.”
She grunted. “Good point. Is there a point when we can see this in action?”
“Yes, actually – I believe I’m due for a full review in...”
“Four months,” one of the men said. “January.” Already familiar with the project, they didn’t have the questions that Barnum had. Frankly, as long as Jeff was providing them with regular reports that showed some progress, they didn’t seem to be too concerned with how the money was being spent. Which made him a little sad for his country, and disappointed as a taxpayer, but in his case it allowed him some flexibility to pursue his own causes. Such as the bank job.
Barnum was re-reading his summary, and then flipped through a number of the other pages. “This is incredible stuff,” she finally said. “What would make you pursue something like this?”
“Why would any scientist pursue any seeming impossibility?” he asked. “The opportunity for discovery and the ability to make positive changes to benefit mankind.” A little lofty, he had to admit, but it seemed like the kind of answer she’d want. Jeff thought he heard Dexter let out a little laugh behind him.
With that, and the report in hand, the three feds seemed to be content with Jeff’s answers, so they dismissed him with a promise to contact him if any more questions arose. He sensed that the woman would’ve grilled him more had the two men shown any interest in the conversation – although probably from her own curiosity as opposed to fiscal responsibility. But, since they seemed fine, she didn’t push it. Plus, he knew that they likely had a full day of interviews, and as long as they didn’t perceive that the taxpayers’ money was being wasted on any of the projects, they were amenable. The next review in January would be the important one.
Jeff collected Dexter and made his way out of the conference room and through the main office, past another waiting project manager who’d actually worn a suit. The man, in his forties, sat with binders similar to Jeff’s on his lap, reminding Jeff how prescriptive they’d been about the format of the reports.
Jeff’s car was parked two blocks away on a residential street. “How do you get away with that?” Dexter asked as they walked.
“What’s that?”
“Don’t they investigate any more to see what you’re really up to?”
Jeff laughed. “I have to admit, I’m a little gun-shy about what will happen when they actually come to the lab. The good thing is that I can really do everything I said I could do in there.”
“Yeah, and then some.”
True. While Jeff’s intent had been, all along, to fulfill the requirements of the federal stimulus grant – a $40 million award that was supplemented with matching grants from private sources – it was the discovery he made along the way that had complicated his agenda.
Jeff’s energy-to-matter experiment began long before the government started handing out grants to spur the economy. With access to a particle accelerator at the University at Albany, Jeff, a burgeoning physicist, began to experiment with energy-to-matter, and ultimately reached a place where he could manipulate something as large as an atom, specifically taking an atom of one element and changing it to another. When the stimulus funds were announced, he was well-prepared to seek a grant, and the altruistic nature of his apparent goals gave him a definitive advantage. The grant came through, and almost five years ago he’d begun trying to turn bricks into food.
“Well, I’ll be curious to see what they say,” Dexter said. “I’m assuming, since you drag me to all the other sessions, that you’ll let me come to that one.”
Jeff sighed. “Let’s just say I have some real experimenting to do before they come to visit. It’s gonna have to be picture perfect.”
“You’ll have to put off the bank job in any case, I imagine.””
“No way. It just means we have to do it sooner. Like by the end of the week.”
Dexter stopped and looked at Jeff closely before shaking his head. “It can’t be done. Not that quickly.”
Jeff stopped walking a few paces ahead and turned toward his friend. “So you’re in?”  Jeff knew he didn’t understand the complexities of the research involved, and might very well be pushing things, but he certainly understood the complexities of the man in front of him.
“I never said that.”
Jeff pointed at him, close to grinning. “Your objection was about the timing, not about the concept.”
“I hate that. You know I hate that.”
They reached the car and Dexter stood with his hand on the passenger door handle, waiting for Jeff to unlock it. “C’mon – the Great Depression, gangsters, speakeasies, prohibition...” he said, appealing to his friend’s innermost weaknesses.
“I’m not talking about this right now,” Dexter said, then opened the door and slid into the car.
Jeff smiled before getting in himself. He’d have to get the rest of the team up to speed.

CHAPTER SIX

September 18, 2015

There was certainly a casualness about their approach this time that Jeff had to admit unnerved him a little. As if they weren’t taking things seriously. But the point of the matter was that with time travel, it didn’t matter if they launched into their mission today, Tuesday or next year. As long as Abby’s math was correct – and Jeff had never found a reason to believe it wouldn’t be – there was no rush to meet a deadline. It was unlike any business trip he’d ever taken.
The team had landed the night before at John Bell Williams Airport outside of Jackson, Mississippi, and holed up for the night at the Best Western. They’d grabbed a quick dinner; Dexter brought them to a restaurant that he said he’d stumbled upon years before while attending a Civil War reenactment, where they’d all enjoyed healthy portions of fried catfish dipped in comeback sauce before Jeff, Abby, and Emeka all retired to their separate rooms. Always the obsessive-compulsive one, once everyone was tucked in, Dexter had taken the rental car out on the half-hour or so drive to the small town of Learned, where Robert Miles had pulled off his bank heist some eight decades before. Jeff had noted the sound of Dexter’s hotel room door closing when he returned about 11 p.m. and, knowing his friend, surmised that nothing had alarmed him. There would certainly have been a knock on his door had anything seemed awry.
Now, with the southern sun shining through the room’s window, Jeff was getting ready for his own trip out to Learned, shaving his face clean in the mirror. He finished and looked back to his bed where his costume was strewn. They’d debated what ‘30s garb they should wear for surprising Miles. Their plan was to ambush him during his getaway, once he’d stolen the money and would think he was in the clear. They’d then be far enough outside of the town that they wouldn’t need to worry about running into anyone else, but they had to consider that Miles might try to flee in his car back toward the town. If that was to happen, Emeka was charged with taking out the car’s tires, and had spent an evening at the shooting range practicing with a Thompson. But they knew the right impression might mitigate an aggressive action on Miles’ part.
They ultimately decided that, with Miles’ desire to become famous as a gangster, he would respond best to others of his ilk. In fact, during the discussion Dexter even raised the notion that Miles quite possibly wouldn’t care about losing the $200,000 since he’d already made his mark with the heist. In any case, they’d outfitted themselves – the guys at least – with dark suits, fedoras and shiny shoes. Not quite the Chicago gangster outfits you’d see at the costume stores around Halloween, but stylish and right up Miles’ alley, and similar to what he was wearing in his famous newspaper photo. Abby, with Dexter’s guidance, had chosen a navy blue form-fitting dress cinched at the waist, topped off with a beret. Each of them had a Tommy gun, but only Emeka’s was loaded.
They’d talked about whether they could walk out of the hotel in broad daylight, dressed as though they were about to knock over a bank, and finally decided it wasn’t a big deal. Anyone who saw them might’ve assumed they were headed to a costume party – and it’d be easier than changing clothes on the side of the road. Jeff slipped on his outfit. Just as he was about to start posing in the full-length mirrors that made up the closet doors, his impromptu show was interrupted by a knock on the door.
He found Dexter standing in the hallway in his own suit – a slightly darker shade of gray than his own. “You dirty rat,” he said in his best Cagney.
“Are you serious?” Dexter said.
Jeff shrugged. “That’s the best I can do. How’d it go last night?”
Dexter walked past him into the room and checked himself out in the mirror. “It’s pretty desolate out there, and will only be more so in 1931. I’m comfortable with the location.”
“Is there something you’re not comfortable with?”
“Other than doing this altogether? No. But you know me – no matter what, I’m going to be antsy until we’re done.”
Jeff ignored his pessimism. “Are we all set? Anything we’re missing?”
Dexter shook his head. “No, we’re as buttoned-up as we can be. We’re not going to find an opportunity more obvious than this one. Even if the take is small.”
“It’s good practice,” Jeff d.
Before Dexter could respond, Emeka poked his head in the open door, his hat in his hands. “We ready?”
Without another word, the two of them followed Emeka down the hallway, the hotel door swinging closed behind them. Abby was standing in the parking lot by the rental van, waiting. Seeing her, Jeff immediately realized that he had a lady gangster fetish. “Not bad for a mathematician,” he said. She spun playfully to give the boys a full look at her. Emeka whistled.
Predictably, the ride out of Jackson to Learned was uneventful. No one spoke for most of the way along the Natchez-Trace Parkway until they reached the town. While his own mind had already returned from this trip and was thinking about Wilton’s gold and their plan for moving it upon their return, Jeff figured the others were lost in thoughts of what was about to take place. He did nothing to interrupt them. Everyone prepared in their own way. Taking success for granted was just part of the method of his own process.
“Not much here,” Jeff finally said, looking around. “Handful of houses and a couple storefronts.” He drove slowly, navigating the streets.
Dexter pointed, suddenly excited. “That’s where the bank was. Right there.” He’d told them previously that Learned’s First Bank of Jackson branch had closed during World War II. The stone building that once housed it still stood, but was currently occupied with a law office.
They saw two men walking through the main drag of the town, chatting it up. There was a diner, a hardware store and some very pretty trees lining the street. It was difficult to imagine any hustle and bustle here that would’ve been associated with having a bank in town, but it had been there.
“There’s the road that Miles took,” Dexter said, continuing to guide the tour. Jeff pulled the van down the street and they drove out of the town in a matter of seconds. About three minutes later, Dexter pointed to a red bandana tied onto a tree on the right side of the road. “There it is. I marked it last night so we could find it easily.”
They pulled to the side of the road and got out of the van. To the north and south was nothing but empty pavement lined with a canopy of tree cover. They’d chosen the location knowing that four gangsters standing in the middle of a country road would have attracted attention they didn’t want. Hints of sunshine crept through the leaves, and while it was still humid it didn’t seem as warm as it had been standing in the sun in the hotel parking lot.
Jeff reached into the back of the van and pulled out a small box. He opened it to expose the time device, which he handed to Abby. “Do your thing,” he said.
Abby negotiated the buttons on the device quickly, referencing a card she pulled from her pocket for the exact coordinates. She handed it back to Jeff.
“Everyone ready?” They all nodded in unison.
“Remember, once we get there we’ve got a good ten minutes before Miles will be coming down the road, so we won’t have to spring into action as soon as we land. We’ll have time to gather ourselves.”
“Good to know,” Emeka said, smiling. “I didn’t want to have to go in guns blazing.”
“Well, hopefully this will all happen without anyone having to fire a shot,” Jeff said. He held the device out and his three teammates reached out, each touching it. He pressed the button and their world evaporated around them.
A split second later it reappeared, only in slightly different form. The paved road was replaced with a dirt one. The overgrowth of the trees was gone and more sunlight shone through, but the scene was similarly desolate. It was weirdly recognizable.
They stood for a moment in awed silence before then Emeka broke it, “Man, that’s incredible.”
Jeff laughed. He wanted to be humble but it actually was pretty incredible.
“Let’s get ourselves into position,” Dexter said, now very serious. “According to the police report from the bank, Miles should be leaving town right about now.”
They lined up, four across, in the middle of the road, Tommy guns drawn. With little room on the shoulder of the dirt road, Miles would have no choice but to contend with them. With guns pointed at his vehicle, he would have no time to maneuver a three-point turn and go back. And with no weapon of his own – no real weapon that is – he would be forced to turn over his bag of cash. Then they’d send him on his way.
They waited impatiently in rural silence, staring down the road in the direction of 1931 Learned, Mississippi. In high school, Jeff had once pinch hit in the 11th inning of his school’s championship baseball game with the winning run on third base – to him, standing there waiting to see the car coming toward them was akin to waiting in the on-deck circle for that at-bat. The anticipation, his beating heart, the dryness in the corners of his mouth... Of course, he’d grounded out to the shortstop and his team eventually lost in the 12th, but it was the sensation before he batted that was relevant here.
After several minutes of waiting, Emeka finally laughed out loud. “Look at us,” he said. “We look pretty badass, standing here in the middle of the street.”
They all laughed. “Yeah we do,” Jeff said, then they settled down again to wait.
Only a moment later, a black car appeared on the road coming toward them. As it got closer, Jeff could make it out as the 1930 Buick Coupe that Miles had used to escape, just as it had been told according to the newspaper story. He couldn’t help his mind from being distracted by how unbelievable this all was – that they could so precisely pinpoint events from decades ago.
The Buick continued to approach until it was nearly upon them, stopping finally when it was only a few feet away. The four of them did not move, and, interestingly, neither did Miles. He simply sat in the driver’s seat staring at them. No attempt to get past them or retreat. No effort to exit the car. He just sat there, hands on the steering wheel.
Finally, Emeka unfroze and approached the driver’s side of the car. Jeff followed him so he could hear whatever conversation took place, but Abby and Dexter remained blocking the road. Miles couldn’t be allowed to make a run for it.
“What can I do for you?” Miles asked. He was defiant, as they’d expected, speaking in a low, guttural voice with a slight southern accent. In his research, Dexter had found that Miles wasn’t originally from Mississippi, but was born and raised in eastern North Carolina. His outfit was, as they expected, similar to what they’d chosen for themselves, though he’d taken off his fedora at some point.
“We’ll take that bag now,” Emeka said. He didn’t try to force an accent at all.
Miles laughed. “What are you going to do, shoot me? You’re going to rob a man out here in the forest?”
“Let’s just say you’ve already been given a break. A man alone with that much cash staring down the barrel of a Tommy gun should already be dead.” Emeka tapped the gun to make sure Miles understood it was pointed at him.
He sighed. “Well, you know, I can appreciate that.” His hand started for the bag as if he would hand it over, but instead he picked up his wooden gun, pulling it toward the open window.
Faster than Jeff could follow, Emeka snatched the bat-gun from Miles and flung it harshly to the side of the road. Jeff was astonished at his speed – it wouldn’t have mattered if it was an Uzi: he’d taken it away that quickly. “What else you got?” he asked.
Without another word, Miles pulled a black bag from the passenger seat and handed it to Emeka, who turned and tossed it to Jeff. Jeff, as in any movie, opened it up to see piles of bills, then walked to the side of the road. Abby and Dexter joined him.
Emeka leaned into the window. “It’s a pleasure doing business with you,” he said, then waved Miles to go on about his business. With the glare of the sun on the window, Jeff could no longer see Miles’ face as he meekly started down the road. A few moments later, he was out of sight.
“Did he say anything at the end there?” Dexter said once they were officially alone.
“Yeah,” Emeka said, laughing. “He called me an asshole.”
They all laughed. “Do they say that here?” Abby asked.
“Interestingly,” Dexter said, finally dropping his gun to his side, “while it seems like a long time to us, you have to consider the fact that the 1930s actually wasn’t that long ago. For much of America’s 21st century, colloquialism is-”
“No one cares,” Emeka cut him off. They laughed again, adrenaline slowing. The nervousness was gone.
“How’d you do that thing,” Jeff said, “where you grabbed his gun that fast? You were like a rattlesnake striking.” He mimed Emeka’s motion.
“It really wasn’t that difficult. You know we get some training in the Marines, right?”
“Yeah, but you didn’t even hesitate,” Jeff said, mimicking him again.
“Well, it made it a little easier knowing there was no chance of me getting shot.”
“Could you do that with a real gun?” He was genuinely fascinated. And envious.
“Are you serious?”
“Alright, never mind – we can talk about it back home.” Jeff held up the newly-acquired bag. “Everyone ready?”
Emeka asked them to wait for a moment and retreated to the side of the road. He picked up the infamous gun that was made from a bat. “I’m keeping this thing as a souvenir. Hope you don’t mind.”
Jeff shook his head. There really wasn’t any reason why not. It wasn’t like he hadn’t done his own souvenir hunting in his travels.
A moment later, after Abby programmed the device, they returned to the present, leaving an empty dirt road behind them.

CHAPTER SEVEN

September 19, 2015

Erica observed a fairly standard practice of never answering her phone. A ringing phone generally meant someone needed something from her, and that something was usually urgent to them... but not necessarily to her. Of course, she had a few exceptions – she’d answer her mother’s calls, she’d answer if she was waiting for a callback from her doctor, and she’d answer any call from a 202 area code. This one was from a 202 area code.
There were only a select few individuals who she did business with in Washington, and not only did she trust those people implicitly, but they’d all had a lot to do with the progress she’d made in her career. Calls from the nation’s capital generally meant the Smithsonian and speaking opportunities which Erica was happy to undertake, both because of the money and for the ability to give something back to her mentors.
She answered her cell halfway through her “Oh Susanna” ringtone. “Erica Danforth,” she said, anticipating a friendly voice.
“Erica, it’s Kevin Pierce.” Kevin was a good friend, and the Director of the Smithsonian’s Museum of American History. Erica had met him about 10 years before when he was curator at the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. They’d created an immediate bond steeped in a common infatuation with American history. When he’d taken the job at the Smithsonian, it hadn’t hurt being close to him. “Did you see this thing about the Wilton robbery?”
Usually there was small talk first, so she knew there must’ve been something pretty significant happening. “This thing about the Wilton robbery... Apparently I haven’t. What’s up?”
“You should be able to do a quick Google search and find out,” Pierce said. “These two guys approached Christie’s and want to auction off gold bricks that they say are the ones stolen from Joe Wilton in 1849.”
“How would they know that?” Her first reaction was defensive. That was her gold to find, if anyone’s.
“From what I’ve read, it’s stamped with the logo of Wilton’s mint. Only, not all of it’s there – they’ve got 42 bars. If I remember correctly there were around 50.”
“Sixty,” Erica corrected him without thinking. She was having trouble processing the information – a treasure lost over 150 years ago suddenly showing up? “Where did you say they found it?”
“I didn’t yet. Buried underneath some barn in Arizona.”
“Some barn in Arizona,” she said quietly. She’d been reduced to only being able to repeat her friend’s words as her mind tried to create some historical path that might have gotten the gold from the Sierra Nevadas to Arizona.
“Now you know everything I know,” Pierce continued. “I’m sure you can find more on-line. What I need to know from you is how legit this is. If it is, we’ll get in there before it hits the auction block and make a deal with them. This is huge if it’s true.”
“Well, yeah. Enormous. Two guys, you said?” She felt as though there were a fog around her – as if there was nothing else going on in the world right at that moment. She wanted to fight these two guys that she knew nothing about. Literally fight them. Fisticuffs to the death.
“I’ll send you a link. The Times ran a picture of them in this morning’s edition. Check your e-mail.”
Pierce said goodbye and hung up his end of the line. Erica lingered behind with her phone still to her ear. For someone who spent her life studying the mysteries of history, it was wholly unexpected that one might be solved. Clues just didn’t appear out of nowhere like they would in a murder investigation. History gets buried – either in people’s memories or literally in the earth – leaving historians to hypothesize about what actually happened. There were few instances of lost information being found, the most famous being the Dead Sea Scrolls. But Erica always assumed a higher power was creating that particular opportunity. Why and how Wilton’s gold would resurface after a century-and-a-half of looking was unanswerable; the chances of those who found it actually recognizing its potential historical significance, and knowing to try to auction it off... that was what really made this immediately unbelievable, if not simply suspicious.
She clicked off her phone and jumped over a stack of magazines, crossing the room to her waiting laptop. She’d been sitting at her desk reading her students’ papers on Santa Ana, and had been in the midst of being pleasantly surprised when the phone had rung. By personal choice, her home was small, her living room serving double duty as her office. She even kept the room TV free, only engaging in her guilty pleasure of watching American Idol in the bedroom. She wasn’t one to mix work and play.
Pulling the link from Pierce’s waiting e-mail, she rang up the New York Times web site. Sure enough, one of the lead stories was headlined “American Treasure: Gold Rush Booty Unearthed.” She started into the story, but her phone rang again. She looked at the screen – the Museum.
She answered. “I know, I know. I’m reading it now.”
“Pretty crazy, huh?” Lionel Baird, on the other end of the line, was a docent at the California Gold Rush Museum where Erica had worked during grad school and now served as an adviser, and a pretty good researcher as well. He’d recently asked Erica for a reference for a full-time position at the San Francisco Museum and Historical Society. His call reminded her that she hadn’t finished the letter yet. “Road trip?”
“I don’t know yet,” she said. “Lionel, let me call you back.”
“Yeah, that’s fine. Before you go, though, I just wanted to let you know that a guy was here looking at the Wilton diary.”
Probably the only thing Lionel could say that would make her stop. “Really? Who? When?”
“A guy named Dixon or Dexter or something like that. A historian from the East Coast. He only looked at it on-site for a couple minutes so I didn’t take down his name or anything. But he was here a couple months ago, and then again a couple days ago.”
“And then someone shows up in New York trying to pawn the gold? Doesn’t that seem odd to you?”
“I’m just saying,” Lionel said with a don’t-ask-me laugh. “Call me if you need anything. If I hear anything else, I’ll let you know.”
Again, Erica hung up, this time free to delve into the story. There weren’t many details – two guys, Dr. Jeff Jacobs and Emeka Henderson, both from New Jersey, while razing a barn on a piece of property that had been in the Henderson family for a half-century, stumbled upon 42 bricks of gold buried in a hole three feet underground. The gold was preserved in a burlap satchel and was in pristine condition. Through some amateur research on the web, they linked the gold with the Wilton heist. Knowing they’d unearthed a significant historical treasure, the two had approached Christie’s auction house to see what their spoils were worth. While the gold hadn’t yet officially gone to auction, “experts” quoted in the article suggested that the bricks might attract bids upwards of $20 million.
She sat back in her chair and caught her breath. As the country’s foremost expert on Joe Wilton and the Gold Rush, in general, Erica expected that she would soon be getting a call from the auction house to confirm the validity of the claim. But she wasn’t willing to wait that long. She dialed Pierce back.
“Kevin, how do I get hold of Christie’s? I need to be in on this.”
“I’ll send you the number of the guy who called me. No idea his title or role over there – just that he’s got something to do with this somehow.”
“So you know, if it’s real and you can strike a deal, I’ll also want at least one of those bricks for the Gold Rush Museum.”
“I assumed you would. Best of luck.”
While she waited for Pierce’s next e-mail to arrive, Erica looked at the picture of the two guys. They appeared to be normal guys that you’d see at Starbucks or on the BART – dressed in khakis and untucked button down shirts for their big front-page picture. It wasn’t the sharpest picture, and it wasn’t exactly posed, so it was difficult to make out their faces. Though both appeared to be smiling broadly, which was to be expected.
She thought about Connie, and what her reaction would be after her diatribe the other day.
Being the consummate researcher, Erica flipped over to an open window on her screen and ran both names through a Google search. The first dozen entries on each were, of course, now about the gold discovery, but then she got into some meat. There wasn’t too much on Emeka beyond his LinkedIn page, which said he was a former Marine now employed by FedEx as a driver. Not being a part of Emeka’s social network, Erica couldn’t get much information on him.
Dr. Jacobs, on the other hand, had a wealth of information on him, mostly related to a federal stimulus grant he received to research “particle acceleration and replication.” There wasn’t much detail on what that meant, but with some digging Erica found that Jacobs’ company had received approximately $40 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 for his project. Nice chunk of change – Erica imagined it had something to do with defense. The government wouldn’t be spending that much on it otherwise.
Her e-mail beeped at her and she switched back to her inbox. Sure enough, the e-mail from Pierce had the name and contact information for a Benjamin Shipley with Christie’s in New York. There was also another note from her friend: “Here’s another article, this one from the Post. Story is taking off... Get on it!”
Erica instinctively clicked on the Post article, which took her to its own version of the story. No more as far as details, but a larger picture. In this one, she could see their faces. Now that she knew his background, Dr. Jacobs looked like your typical young academic, the look on his face showing that he’d spent much more time in a lab than in front of cameras. The other guy, Emeka, didn’t look like an ex-Marine in what she would describe as the stereotypical sense of the word, but he was wiry and muscular, more like one of those ex-Marines who you knew could take you apart in six seconds if you were on the wrong side of the altercation. He did have a scar across the lower half of his left cheek that suggested he hadn’t won all of his fights.
She picked up her phone once again and started to dial Benjamin Shipley in New York, but stopped, staring at the picture again. She rose from her chair quickly enough to send it toppling backwards onto the floor behind her, headed for her bookshelf. Erica’s collection of historical books was impressive – made even more so by the fact that she had triple the number of volumes in her “guest” bedroom, as well. What she needed was handy, however, among her more utilized collection.
She thumbed across the row of Gold Rush books until settling on a section focused on California and pulled out a small mustard colored book. It was a museum gift shop copy of Joe Wilton’s Diary, a replica of the original on display at the Gold Rush Museum. Though she’d actually pretty much memorized the book, she needed the visual to confirm what she remembered. She flipped through the pages to Wilton’s recount of the heist and read:

“We came across a tight spot, the mountainside rising up on both sides of us. I should have known we were vulnerable and adjusted course, but it looked passable. It was slightly before sundown, and we were to set up camp on the other side. Unfortunately, as we traversed the narrow pass, we were beset by bandits. To protect our persons, I fought them off before being subdued. I believe I may have mortally wounded the largest of the group, but one, with a grotesque scar on his cheek, was very quick, and overtook me at knifepoint. However, we were blindfolded and the bandits made off with our gold.”

The scar. It was a pretty incredible coincidence. She was by no means a conspiracy theorist, but what had transpired in the last twenty minutes of her life was unconscionable. Still, she shook her head at the connection and told herself to come back to reality.  One way or another, to gold looked to have been found, and she would need to engage quickly.
She returned to her desk and dialed the number Pierce had sent her.
“Dr. Danforth, you’ve saved me a call,” Shipley said. “How quickly can you get to New York?”

CHAPTER EIGHT

September 20, 2015

Jeff and Emeka sat comfortably at a patio table outside a swank French-Thai bistro in midtown, waiting for their lunch hosts. The weather had rebounded and it was a beautifully sunny day in the city, which made Jeff regret wearing his sport coat, as he was already starting to sweat. He knew full-well that he could take it off and hang it on the chair, but didn’t want to do so before his fellow lunchers arrived. Something told him it would be rude – especially when one of them was from Christie’s auction house. To Jeff, it seemed like they would be used to a higher class of lunch guest, and while he wasn’t going to put on a tie for them, the least he could do was keep his coat on. Of course, it was all part of the act. After all, no one with any degree of sophistication ever stumbled upon a lost American treasure – it was always some bumpkin, rags-to-riches story. While he couldn’t play the role of bumpkin since a simple Facebook search would show that he was a prominent scientist, he could at least let people react to him under the assumption that he was completely out of his element. When in reality, he was well-prepared for this lunch meeting.
The person joining them was named Dr. Erica Danforth, a historian from California who was recognized as the foremost authority on the California Gold Rush. Strangely, before the lunch invitation, neither Jeff nor Dexter had ever heard of the woman. When they were researching the Wilton job she hadn’t come up at all, and as the “foremost authority” one would have expected they’d have crossed paths.
In preparation for this lunch, however, Dexter had researched and then briefed Jeff long into the night. The session was mostly due to Dexter’s paranoia. It was ludicrous for anyone to imagine that time travel was even a remote possibility, so Jeff humored his friend and sat through the spiel. While trying to be respectful, he’d intentionally tried to zone out through some of it because he really didn’t want to go into the conversation knowing too much. He didn’t want to appear too educated on either the Gold Rush or Dr. Danforth. But he had paid attention enough to learn that she was a professor from Stanford, was connected to the Gold Rush Museum where Wilton’s diary was kept, and was also a regularly featured expert on the History Channel. Additionally, Dexter had shown him a Facebook photo of her standing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge, so he had some idea what she looked like.
“I’m starving,” Emeka said. He didn’t seem to care too much about the importance of appearances helping to carry out their plan. Frustrating as that characteristic might be at times, it was actually why Jeff had recruited him to the team – he possessed a profound ability to keep cool in any situation. Emeka was a high school classmate of Jeff’s who’d gone into the military after graduation. That’s not to say they were friends, but they didn’t not get along – their primary bonding experience being riding in the same limo to prom because Emeka had asked Jeff’s girlfriend’s best friend to go with him. They had very different interests, with Jeff serving on math and science teams and Emeka the scrappy point guard for the basketball team. After high school they’d gone their separate ways.
It was in an alumni newsletter, however, where Jeff had learned of Emeka’s valor and ability, the recount telling of how, after several members of his battalion had been wounded by a roadside mine in Afghanistan outside of Kabul, followed immediately by the advancement of a handful of Taliban soldiers, Emeka had fought off the attackers with only a knife until help could arrive. He himself had been injured in the fight, and he was sent home to recover. Since it was near the end of his tour, however, he remained in the states and took a job with FedEx in his hometown. It was in that role that he’d delivered a package to Jeff’s lab – amazingly enough, the first delivery to his building after the federal stimulus grant was awarded – and the two developed a friendship. Interestingly, this was before Jeff had even stumbled upon his discovery of time travel. Sometimes he couldn’t comprehend how fortuitous fate could be.
Like Dexter, Emeka hadn’t needed a demonstration of the time travel device before signing on. When Jeff told him his plans and asked for help over chili dogs and onion rings at the greasy spoon where their classmates used to go after football games, it was like Christmas morning for him. The Wilton job was his first experience with time travel and, as expected, he’d been up to the task.
Now, they sat in midtown Manhattan waiting to convince some particularly influential experts that they’d just happened to end up finding some priceless American treasure on a ranch.
Their waitress came by and brought their drink order, and as she left, Benjamin Shipley from Christie’s, who they’d met the day before, approached the table along with a younger, brown-haired woman sporting a light, red sweater and a floppy ponytail. Both he and Emeka rose to greet them, shaking hands and exchanging introductions before returning to their seats.
“You have to imagine that for someone like me this is tremendously exciting,” the woman, Erica, said.
“Someone like you?” Jeff said, smiling and taking a sip from his glass.
“I’ve been studying the Wilton heist since high school,” she said. “I did my dissertation on it, I’m the researcher-in-residence at the California Gold Rush Museum. I lobbied the State of California to make the site of the robbery a historic landmark. For me to find out that someone has found the gold – the evidence of that event – is overwhelming.”
Jeff was intrigued by her connection to the sign they’d discovered when they came back from 1849, the one thing she’d said they didn’t already know. Item #1 to not reference in this conversation. “Can I ask why you’ve latched onto that particular story?”
“Well, you’ll be interested to know that I’m the direct descendant of Lucius Fitzsimmons, who was one of the men on Wilton’s team. His longtime friend and his driver, actually.”
“Is that true?” Jeff tried implicitly not to look at Emeka. The fact that they’d met Lucius Fitzsimmons in person just a week before, and that Emeka had held a knife to his throat, became more real as he stifled any reaction.
“It is. So you can understand my enthusiasm. My understanding is that you’re a physicist?”
Jeff nodded, focusing and reminding himself again to be extra conscious of his facial expressions. “That’s correct. I have a lab in North Jersey.”
The waitress returned and took the rest of the table’s drink orders. Jeff again considered taking his jacket off, but reneged, instead watching intently as Erica ordered an unsweetened iced tea. He missed Shipley’s order.
“And what do you study?” she asked once the server was gone.
“Well, a couple years back I received a federal grant to study the concept of particle acceleration and replication.”
Erica ran her hand over her head in the universal sign for “fly-by” and laughed. “No idea what that means,” she said.
Jeff held up his hand and nodded. The free flow of the conversation was calming any nerves he’d previously had. Though, with her dramatic gesture a moment before, he had an inkling that she’d done her research on him, as well, and might’ve been playing her own little game. “Yeah, I get that a lot. Are you a Star Trek fan?”
She nodded. Jeff noticed Shipley nodding, as well. Emeka sat back and sipped his drink; he’d only heard Jeff’s spiel a dozen or so times.
“Well, in Next Generation, there’s a device called a ‘replicator.’”
“Oh yeah,” Shipley said. “I know it. It’s the device that makes whatever food you want it to.”
“Yep, that’s the one,” Jeff continued. “My experiments are to determine if that concept is actually possible.”
Erica leaned forward onto the table. “Is it?”
“I believe so. By speeding up the sub-atomic particles of an item to the speed of light, you should be able to actually change them into something else through slight variations in the process. And by slight, I mean microscopic.”
Erica settled on her elbows, appearing fascinated. “Have you gotten it to work?”
“I have, actually.”
“What did you change into what?”
Jeff took a moment to give the same scoop he’d given to the government reps a few days before, about bricks and hamburgers, and his little victories along the way. It was the easiest way to explain.
“And this is something the federal government thinks is worth investing in?” It was a challenge question, but Erica had delivered it in a friendly tone. Jeff was still trying to read her, while at the same time trying not to be distracted by her charm and energy.
“Apparently so.”
“And what brings a scientist from North Jersey to Arizona to dig a national treasure out of an old barn?”
Here we go, Jeff thought. “Staring through a microscope for weeks on end can drive a person mad. Emeka’s family has a ranch on beautiful property that makes for an inexpensive vacation destination. Away from it all.”
Erica looked over at Emeka as the waitress returned with their drinks. She took their orders and Jeff finally decided to use the resulting lull in the conversation to stand and take off his jacket. Since they were getting down to business, he felt it an acceptable enough concession to the heat.
“So your family farm was where the robbers in the Wilton heist landed? Isn’t that amazing? You know after the heist they were never heard from again? Which is strange because most of the criminals during that time wanted people to know exactly who they were to inspire fear and build their legacy. Not these guys – they were in and out. Took his gold and ran. Where’s the ranch?” Erica asked Emeka abruptly, finishing off her trail of questions, but even the quick turn-around didn’t make him falter, Jeff was pleased to see.
“Outside Flagstaff.”
“You know of any history of it?”
Emeka shook his head. “Not really. My great-grandfather bought the land from a man named Miller in the 1930s. That’s all we really know.” That was all actually true, in case she wanted to look it up. From the beginning, Dexter though that the ranch Emeka would someday inherit was the perfect accessory for their story.
“I’m sorry – this is going to sound like a very forward question, but you have to understand I’m a historian. How did you end up with a name like Emeka Henderson? That’s not exactly a normal combination of names, especially with your ancestry in Arizona.”
“My father met and married a woman from Nigeria while in the Peace Corps.”
“Aaah,” Erica said, still looking at Emeka. She shook her head slowly. “You know, meeting you in person is absolutely fascinating. Especially having seen your picture in the Post yesterday.”
“Why’s that?”
“Are you familiar with the Wilton diary?”
They both shook their heads, despite the fact that they were, indeed, well familiar with the Wilton diary.
Erica produced a small book from her coat pocket. “This is just a copy – the real one is kept at the Gold Rush Museum in California.” She flipped open to a bookmarked page and extended it across the table toward them. “I’m surprised that given your recent find and the research you did, you’re not familiar with this book.”
Jeff took the book from her and held it open for Emeka and him to see. “Our research was really limited to finding Wilton’s emblem on the internet and making the link to the robbery. Amateurish, at best. We didn’t know there was a diary.”
“Read the page,” Erica said, motioning with her chin.
They did.
“Isn’t it amazing,” she continued, “that Wilton would write that he was ambushed by a man with a large scar on his cheek, and here, 150 years later, the person who finds the gold that was stolen has the same distinguishing feature?”
Jeff silently swore – he’d neglected to say something to Emeka about that damn mask – but collected himself and laughed. “Wait – you’re not suggesting there’s a connection?”
They remained entranced in a standoff stare for a moment before she laughed. “Of course not. How ridiculous would that be? Just one of those crazy quirks of history, I guess. Like Kennedy-Lincoln.” She shrugged.
“Kennedy-Lincoln?”
“Oh, come on. You’ve heard that one. Lincoln was shot at Ford’s Theatre; Kennedy was shot while riding in a Lincoln, made by Ford? Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who told him not to go to the theatre; Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who told him not to go to Dallas?” She paused, observing their reactions. “No? Don’t know those?”
“Is that all true?” Emeka asked.
“Well, you can’t refute the first one. But there’s no evidence to support the secretary thing. It’s an urban legend. There’s a whole list of the coincidences. Or conspiracy theories, depending on how crazy you are.” She didn’t dilute her stab at conspiracy theorists.
Jeff handed the diary across the table. “Where can I get one of those?”
“Have that one,” Erica said, not taking it. “I’ve got several, and I can always get more from the Museum.”
“Well, thank you,” Jeff said, laying the book on the table next to his place setting.
The server returned with their sandwiches and each took a break for a moment to start eating. After a moment, Erica spoke again, politely dabbing her mouth with her napkin before talking. Jeff couldn’t help thinking that the gesture was so delicately made as to itself seem from another time. “I’m very excited to see the gold bricks. Tell me the story of how you found them.”
This part was rehearsed, so Emeka piped up. “Grandpa had this old barn in the back of the property – hadn’t been used in probably thirty years, back when it was a working cattle farm. Like all those old barns you see when you’re driving around the country, it had fallen into disrepair and was really unsafe. It was far enough away from the house that it offered some seclusion, so Grandpa was worried that kids would go up there to smoke pot and get hurt.” He laughed naturally. “No, not me. Anyway, while we were in town, he asked us if we could help take it down. It didn’t take much. Couple whacks with a sledgehammer and the whole thing went toppling. As we’re cleaning up the mess, we find a trap door in the floor. Inside was just a big manmade hole about three feet deep, and laying inside it was a burlap satchel. There was just about enough room for me to slide in next to it. Honestly, I was more worried about a rattlesnake inside it than gold bricks, but when I felt that it was rock hard, I opened it. Jeff was shining the light in on it and it glistened. It was really something.” Jeff was impressed – if the comment about the scar had had any impact on Emeka, there was no evidence of it.
“What a find,” she said.
“That’s incredible,” Shipley said. “That certainly doesn’t happen every day. How do you suppose the gold got there?”
“No clue,” Emeka said, shaking his head. “And someone told me yesterday that there were actually more bricks that were stolen in 1849. We found 42.”
“Yes, there were 60,” Erica said. “According to the diary, at least. We don’t have any way of knowing if that was the truth, but there’s really no reason to suspect otherwise.”
Jeff and Emeka knew, of course, that Wilton was a liar. Not about that, though. There really were 60 gold bars. The other 18 had been kept aside for plausibility and future consideration.
“Well, I suppose it’s more than possible,” Erica said. “Arizona was certainly a reasonable place for someone who’d stolen some gold to camp out. The U.S. had just purchased most of Arizona from Mexico, so it was fairly safe – with the exception, of course, of your usual bandits and what-not. But why steal the gold if you’re only going to bury it? That’s what doesn’t make sense. Clearly they weren’t in it for the fame since they didn’t tell anyone what they’d done. So, spend the money. You’d think.”
“Maybe they died,” Shipley said.
“Was it easy or convenient to get rid of stolen bricks of gold at that time?” Jeff asked. Rather astutely, he thought.
“I would think so, even with those emblems, though I guess Wilton’s marks might explain why they would want to hide them for some time, waiting out any news,” Erica said. “But, truthfully, anything at all of value was usually moveable.”
They ate in silence for a moment.
“Well, there’s your next mystery to solve,” Jeff said. They all laughed, but he realized they hadn’t yet mentioned her show in the conversation.
She smiled. A smile that appealed to him on many levels. “I take it you’ve seen my show. Or at least Googled me.”
Jeff smiled and put his hands up. “I’ll admit – once we knew we were having lunch with you I looked you up. Ran through a couple You Tube videos.”
“Not a regular History Channel watcher?”
He tapped the Wilton diary copy, still on the table next to him. “If I was, I might’ve had some clue this existed.”
They all laughed, then Erica said, “That’s alright, I checked on both of you, too. Though I still needed you to explain to me in-person what replication is.”
“Glad I could be of help. Hopefully someday you’ll be able to read about it and say ‘I knew him when...’“
They finished their meals with small talk, mostly about Erica’s red-eye flight the night before after she’d gotten the call from the Smithsonian. Then they started toward the auction house so Erica could see the treasure. As they walked across a busy Rockefeller Plaza, Jeff subtly pulled Emeka back several steps behind Erica and Shipley.
“I told you to keep that damned mask on,” he said under his breath without looking at him.
“It doesn’t matter,” Emeka said without emotion. “The notion that since I have a scar on my face there’s something suspicious going on is borderline insanity.”
“Well, she thought enough of it to bring it up. There are enough holes in our story. We need to be as buttoned-up as possible.”
After a few steps, Emeka said, “I’ll tell you, I should’ve killed that driver when I had the chance. The scar thing wouldn’t even be an issue.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“You heard what she said. She’s a direct descendant of that guy. The only reason she even exists is because we took the gold and he didn’t get killed in an ambush the next day.”
Jeff stopped walking. “Holy shit.”
“Yeah, bro.” Emeka turned to face him. “I cut that driver’s throat and we’re having lunch for three today.”
Despite the thousands of camera-toting tourists walking past him, the waiting taxi cabs and the sidewalk panhandlers, Jeff felt completely alone among the city’s skyscrapers. Their actions had actually created people in an alternate reality – people that hadn’t existed in the reality in which they’d started.
“Wow,” Jeff said. “Could you imagine telling her that?”
“I’d start preparing for it,” Emeka said. “That seems to be the direction we’re heading according to you,” Emeka chuckled, slapping Jeff on the shoulder and walking forward to join in step with their pretty new-history historian.

CHAPTER NINE

As they walked across Rockefeller Plaza to Christie’s, Erica made small talk with Shipley – or, rather, he made small talk with her. She really wasn’t paying attention to what he was saying. Her mind was on the little game that had just ensued, and now she was more curious than ever to see their stash of gold. In fact, she was walking at a pretty quick pace to get there, and Dr. Jacobs and Emeka had fallen back several steps. Though it was probably just to talk without them hearing.
She’d thrown out the coincidence about the scar on Emeka’s chin mainly to see their reactions. It didn’t mean anything, of course, but she did feel as though they were hiding something. What it was she couldn’t begin to fathom – her first inclination was that they were indeed students of history and somehow cast gold into ingots with Wilton’s seal, knowing it would be worth more on auction than gold by itself. With the currently high price of gold, though, it was hard to be sure. But there was something in their story that they weren’t telling.
Of course, she didn’t need Jeff’s slip-up at the end to know that he knew something about her. The guy was a scientist who was used to working with details as small as an atom. He wasn’t going to go into a meeting like this, where there could be lots of cash on the table, as loosely as he was making it seem. He was sweating the entire lunch, too, though that could’ve just been the heat.  Either way, she didn’t trust all this talking behind their backs. Though she’d probably have been doing the same thing had she been in their positions.
They crossed 49th at the intersection and made their way to the entrance of the famous auction house, with Jeff still lagging about ten feet behind and Emeka double-stepping to get back into their conversation. She used Shipley’s holding the main door open for them as a way to get Jeff to catch up. Shipley led them through the lobby and past a crowd of tourists ogling the auction house’s greatest treasures underneath the shadow of the gallery’s famous Sol LeWitt mural, and then up a grand staircase to a corridor with various viewing rooms. He unlocked a door by both key and combination to lead them into a small, dark room. As he turned on the light, exposing the burlap bag that Emeka had mentioned and which was now on a display table in the middle of the room, he explained that, until the Wilton gold officially became an auction item, no one but him would have access to the room.
“Once you’ve agreed to hold the auction with us,” Shipley said, “we will announce it, then do a seven-day viewing for the public before the auction takes place.” His phone buzzed in his pocket and he pulled it out to see who was after him.
Erica wanted nothing more than to rip that burlap bag off of the gold to have a look, but she stayed calm.
“Ahh, Kevin Pierce is downstairs,” he said, looking at Erica. “Give me a moment. I’ll show him up.”
He left the three of them alone with the gold.
“Who’s Kevin Pierce?” Jeff asked.
“He’s the Executive Director of the Museum of American History at the Smithsonian,” she said, inching toward the gold. She looked at Emeka. “May I?”
Emeka nodded and motioned with his hand toward the pile. Erica moved in to the table and gently pulled back the top corners of the burlap, which were folded in fours over the gold. When she saw her first glint of gold, her heart leapt. Her whole life, she’d been waiting for this moment, almost certain it would never come. She pulled back the rest of the material, which fell around the bricks.
“Well, first things first,” she said. “That’s Wilton’s emblem.” She picked up one of the ingots and inspected it, knowing that she probably should’ve asked first, but she couldn’t help herself. It looked like it had been minted yesterday, not 150 years before. “It’s so crisp and clean.”
“That’s what we thought when we found it,” Jeff said. “How it could not be more worn after 150 years in the ground is beyond us. I just can’t stop looking at it.”
Neither could Erica, who held the brick in front of her face and inspected it from all angles. “That’s the beauty of gold, I guess. It maintains its shine, certainly. For that, I guess maybe it was worth risking your life and moving your family across the country to find it.” She set the piece down and ran her hand over the whole pile. “Why did you come to Christie’s with it?”
“Honestly, we didn’t know what else to do,” Emeka said. “We thought that’s what people did when they found treasure. But now that your friend from the Smithsonian is here, maybe we should’ve gone a different direction.”
She was still transfixed on the shimmering gold. Any doubts she’d had on the flight or at lunch had been quelled. “Well, if there was a way for the Gold Rush Museum to get even one of these bricks, I would be eternally grateful.”
The door opened and her good friend Kevin Pierce entered, followed by Shipley. Though they communicated regularly, Erica hadn’t seen Kevin in some time – at least a couple of years. He looked pretty much the same, though he had a thin, gray beard that matched his suit and his new glasses, with those thick frames that were getting to be more popular. Made him come across as a little less academic and a little more metro. She always thought he was good-looking for an older guy.
They hugged and exchanged pleasantries before Kevin was introduced to Emeka and Jeff. Like her, he couldn’t wait to get his hands on the gold bricks, and after abbreviated biographies were exchanged, he picked up one of the pieces and eyed it the same way Erica had.
“Incredible,” he said. “You said there are 42 bricks here?”
“That’s what we counted,” Emeka said. “Feel free to count them again.”
“No, that’s okay,” he said, then set the brick back down on top of the pile. He turned to Emeka. “Look, I’m not going to bullshit you here. The Smithsonian wants this gold. We feel it is a missing piece of American history and belongs in the museum.”
Erica looked at their faces as Pierce made his pitch. They were clearly taken aback. With Emeka’s comment to her only a few moments before, maybe this wasn’t just a money-grab for them. She was confident that if Pierce was able to get the bricks, she would get her piece for the Gold Rush Museum – even if it was branded as a shared collection. She paid close attention to how this conversation was going to go. She couldn’t imagine Shipley would be happy with being usurped. Especially in his own viewing room. Pierce hadn’t even gone so far as to buy them lunch.
“I’m not stupid, though,” he said. “I know that you can keep the gold here, put it up for auction, and evidently come away with twenty million or more.” The two guys looked at each other – they probably hadn’t expected a number like that. “What I want to do is appeal to you as Americans. Americans who have found something wonderful that deserves to be shared with this country’s citizens, not sit in some rich guy’s private archives.”
“Kevin,” Shipley started to make a rebuttal, but Pierce held his hand up. Erica was impressed. She’d never known him to be so forceful.
“You’d like us to give you the gold for the Smithsonian?” Jeff asked.
Pierce shook his head. “No,” he said, “I probably wouldn’t even do that myself with bidders out there. I’ve gotten the Secretary to authorize a payment of five million dollars to you for Wilton’s gold. Once we’ve authenticated it, of course. I know you can get more on auction, but I think it’s a win-win for you. You get a nice bankroll that will change your lives, and you can do what’s right for your country at the same time.”
Both men looked at Erica for a moment, then over at Shipley, who shrugged. “You’ll get more at auction. I can guarantee it.”
Emeka pulled one of the chairs lining the wall forward and slumped into it, letting out a deep sigh. Jeff still stood next to him, looking at his friend. Erica hadn’t thought about how this affected the two of them. They’d found the gold together, but on Emeka’s family’s property. Their decision probably had a lot to do with their friendship going forward. Actually, regardless of what they decided, there would be questions about whose discovery it was going forward. That would be for them to figure out.
“Emeka, you’re a Marine,” Pierce said, taking his persuasion to the next level. “You were willing to risk your life in war for this country. This decision pales in comparison to that one.”
“What’s to say the Smithsonian won’t bid on the gold if we do put it up for auction?” Jeff asked.
“Oh, I’m sure we would. But I can tell you that we won’t be able to keep up.” He put his hand on the pile again. “This will go to someone richer than the U.S. government.”
Jeff smiled. “There’s nobody richer than the U.S. government.”
“Well, it’s beyond the Smithsonian’s budget.”
She watched as Jeff looked down at Emeka. They had a stunted conversation through only eye contact, then Emeka looked up and asked, “Can we have moment?”
Pierce nodded and led Shipley and Erica out of the room. Shipley closed the door behind them, not allowing it to swing all the way closed and lock, then turned to Pierce.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m doing what’s right.”
“Well, you could’ve let me know before I went and arranged all of this.”
“I’m sorry, Ben. This all happened very quickly.”
Erica wanted to jump into the conversation, but held back. This was between the two of them and she could approach either of them – or Emeka, for that matter – individually afterwards to lobby for her museum’s share of the gold.
“This doesn’t have to be all or nothing,” Shipley said. “There are 42 bars. What if we-”
“I think that would be up to them,” Pierce said, cutting him off. Erica saw Shipley start to reply, but they were interrupted when the door opened and Jeff poked his head out. He waved them back in.
Once they’d filed back into the viewing room, they gathered back around the table, both Emeka and Jeff standing now.
“This is a monumental decision,” Emeka said. “I’d like to take a day or so to think about it, if you don’t mind.”
Shipley seemed fine with that, but Pierce obviously wanted to take one more shot, probably knowing that the more they thought about it, the better $20 million would sound. “You have a guaranteed offer from the Smithsonian,” he said. “I can have a check in your hands by tomorrow.”
“I appreciate that,” said Emeka, nodding. “All the same, Mr. Pierce, I’d like some time to think about it.”
“How long can we keep the gold locked up here?” Jeff asked.
“I can give you another 48 hours,” Shipley said, “until you make your decision”.
They agreed to reconnect within that time and exited the room, Shipley double-locking it behind them. They walked back down the stairs and out the lobby, and bid each other goodbye. Emeka and Jeff left, heading back toward Rockefeller Plaza, and Shipley, not hiding the fact that he was annoyed, went back through the auction house’s front doors.
“Do you think they’ll go for it?” Erica asked when they were all clear.
Pierce nodded. “I think they will, yes.”
“What makes you so sure?” She couldn’t help but people-watch the throng as it went by, everyone with their own things on their mind. Probably few, if any, were similarly trying to link 150 years of history together as she was. She wondered how many of them would be interested in the conversation at all.
“Like I said, he’s a Marine. God and country.”
“That’s a lot of money to leave on the table. Marines aren’t traditionally the richest bunch.”
Pierce was nodding, also looking out at the people. Though she got the sense he wasn’t paying any attention to them. “I’ve got to get that gold.”
She smiled. He probably sounded like the thieves themselves back in 1849. “Hey – I’m not leaving until tomorrow. Would you like to grab dinner tonight?”
Finally, he looked at her. “I can’t,” he said. “I’ve been charged with making this happen and need to do everything I can to see that it does. Phone calls and what-not, contingency plans. The Secretary does not want the Wilton gold lost to some private collector. Can you imagine it disappearing forever into some rich man’s locked vault, where nobody else will see it for God knows how long?” Pierce shook his head, despondent at the idea. “If you want to postpone a day and be here tomorrow, though, I’d love to catch up.”
“We’ll see,” she said, cringing at the picture her friend had painted. “What about a piece of the collection for the Gold Rush Museum? Have you given that any thought?”
“First things first,” he said, shaking his head. “Let me know about dinner tomorrow.” He gave her a hug and then disappeared into the crowd. She knew he hadn’t been putting her off, but just taking things one step at a time. Still, she needed to make sure he knew what she wanted from the outset.
Alone in New York, where she hadn’t been in a while, Erica decided she’d use the opportunity to take the subway down to the World Trade Center site and work her way back to midtown – a little personalized historical tour to get her mind off of Wilton’s gold.

CHAPTER TEN

Not content to wait until later in the day, Jeff parted ways with Emeka and took the red line up to Morningside Heights and Columbia University, where he’d find Dexter in his home away from home. He’d only visited him a few times at his office – always upon invitation, though, so his unannounced appearance would infer the magnitude of the conversation. He thought about calling, but decided against it, using a “friend finder” app on his smart phone to see that he was actually there before getting on the subway. This was too good.
Of course, his anticipation of sharing the most recently-unveiled nuggets with his friend had him antsy as he listened intently for the announcement of each stop along the way. With each jolt of the train stopping or starting he wanted to leap out of his skin. He thought about the girl, Dr. Danforth. Strangely, he felt a sense of pride. While he didn’t want to allow his mind to venture into the idea of “playing God,” it was unbelievable to him that this woman would not have existed had he not invented his process for traveling through time. He laughed, thinking of it. He’d actually done a pretty good job. She was sharp, cute and accomplished. Between him and Lucius Fitzsimmons, they made a pretty fine girl.
The whole concept was going to blow Dexter’s mind.
Jeff disembarked from the train and made his way up to 116th Street, where he headed toward Dexter’s building. He hadn’t memorized its name – he just remembered it from the last time he was there. A brick building near the library at campus center. He jumped up a handful of steps and into the building. Dexter was not officially part of the faculty at Columbia, but he did enough work with them that they provided him office space. He was probably there three days a week, and would drop in on various history classes to offer lectures. His specialty was America at war, and he was well-published on the topic, with frequent invitations to speak around the country, which was why he didn’t need to hold a full-time teaching job. It amused Jeff to think that Dexter’s next publication could center around one of their own exploits. The lovely Erica might have cornered the market on the Wilton gold, but there was a much bigger story to be told, he was sure.
Besides that, Dexter was due a share of whatever they received for Wilton’s gold. While Dexter wasn’t hurting for cash, his piece would certainly help him cut his commitment to Columbia down to two days a week, or even one. So he could focus on more important things, like Jeff’s experiments.
Jeff hoped he wasn’t in the middle of a lecture because then he’d be forced to wait even longer. However, Dexter was right where he expected him to be, in his office, sitting at his cluttered desk and making notes in a journal.
The office very much resembled his friend’s living room at home, with artifacts from American history and volumes of books lining the numerous dark wood shelves. The sun shone through the window brightly, giving the “Old New York” feel of the room a burst of energy. Jeff could see himself holed up in a room like this – he thought it was pretty cozy. Of course, next to his lab, the food court of the Garden State Plaza mall felt cozy.
Dexter didn’t notice Jeff slip through the door until his door was closed with a solid click, blocking out the outside corridor. “I hope you’re not documenting our experiment,” Jeff said, causing Dexter to turn his head and close the book quickly. Jeff could see it was one of those black and white composition books that third graders use for their “What I did this summer” journals.
“Actually, I am,” he said. “What kind of historian would I be if I didn’t?”
“What if someone finds it?” He really didn’t want records of their work sitting around, and his enthusiasm ebbed for a moment.
“They won’t,” Dexter said in a “drop-it” tone. “What are you doing here? How’d the lunch go?”
“Swimmingly,” he said, back on topic, temporarily dismissing the journaling he’d walked in on. “Better than swimmingly, in fact. What do you think about this? As true American patriots, Emeka and I offer to sell the gold to the Smithsonian, even though we’ll get far less for it than we might on the open market. Great story, huh?”
“Now why would you want to do that? And why would you think that’s even an option?”
“Couple reasons,” Jeff said, sitting down in a hefty wooden chair across from Dexter. “First, none of us got into this for the money...”
“Speak for yourself,” Dexter said, laughing. “I’m kidding. Go on.”
“None of us got into this for the money, and let’s face it, that gold belongs at the Smithsonian. It’s an American treasure.”
“You can argue that in this reality it belongs in the Smithsonian. In the original reality, the gold belongs lost forever.”
Jeff paused and held up a finger, almost jumping out of his seat. “Oh... I’ll get to the alternate reality discussion in a moment. Just stay with me... It’s an American treasure. Not that we’re looking to be heroes, but it would make for nice press in this country if someone wasn’t money-grubbing and looking to take an advantage.”
“Then why not just give it to the Smithsonian?”
“Well, we’re not stupid either,” Jeff said. “I’ve still got research to fund. Plus, the director of the Museum of American history met us at Christie’s and offered us five million for the gold. Before we even mentioned anything about money.”
“Five million?”
Jeff noticed that Dexter was sliding his notebook into one of his desk drawers.
“No, leave that out – I’d like to see it.”
Defiantly, Dexter followed through with putting it into the drawer, then locked it up with a small key. He turned and set the key under a lavish stein sitting on the shelf behind him. “It’s my journal,” he said. “It’s not polite to ask to look at people’s journals.”
“Whose cup is that?”
“Oh, you’ll like this,” Dexter said, picking up the stein and inspecting it. “This cup belonged to General Abner Doubleday.”
“Isn’t he the guy that invented basketball?”
“No, that’s James Naismith. General Doubleday is credited with inventing baseball. This stein was a gift to him from a relative, I believe his uncle, and was passed down through several generations. I purchased it at auction about three years ago.”
“Oh yeah, Naismith. The peach baskets. That’s right. Well, it’s in great shape.”
“I will admit that it’s been restored,” Dexter said, placing the stein back on the shelf. “To be honest, I’m fine with the plan to let the Smithsonian have the gold. I’m fine doing it for free, but I understand if we sell it to them – especially with an offer already on the table. It makes sense. Plus, we still have 18 more bars at our disposal.”
“I thought you’d like that,” Jeff said. “Emeka seemed good with it, too. I’ll run it by Abby to see where she is, but I don’t think it’ll be a problem. If anything, I think it’ll mitigate any negative attention that we don’t want. Nobody wants to trash heroes, right?” Dexter was nodding. “Now the second piece...”
“This would be the alternate reality part that you said we’d get to in a moment...”
“Yes, that,” he said, getting up from his chair.
“Oh, this has got to be good,” Dexter said. Jeff noticed that he said it suspiciously, however, and it suddenly occurred to him that despite his own excitement, his friend might not be thrilled with this news. The enthusiasm he’d felt on the subway drained from him, and he abruptly couldn’t remember what had possessed him to rush over here. “What is it?”
“To tell you the truth, I was just hit by the enormity of what I’m about to tell you,” he said, then took a deep breath. “This woman, this Dr. Erica Danforth that we met with today.”
“Yes...”
“There’s a very good reason why we didn’t come across her name when we were researching for the Wilton job.”
“I’m glad you have a reason, because it was baffling the hell out of me. She’s supposed to be the top expert on the California Gold Rush, and she doesn’t cross our radar at all until now?”
“That’s because she didn’t exist.” He said it as dryly as possible, then purposefully left a dramatic pause. He didn’t want Dexter to think this was, as he’d called it, a game to him, even if only moments before, it had seemed that way. In fact, had Dexter not been sarcastic with him a moment before, he might’ve delivered the news with the zeal of telling him the cute girl on the other side of the classroom “liked” him.
Dexter sat forward with an accusatory scowl on his face. “What do you mean, ‘she didn’t exist’?”
“Exactly that. There was no such person on planet Earth named Dr. Erica Danforth until we went back in time and did what we did.”
“How is that-” he stammered before a look of realization crossed his face. “Oh, man. The ambush the following morning.”
“Or, rather, the ambush that never happened.”
“So, who-”
“Fitzsimmons. The driver. She told us that she was his direct descendant, hence her long-time fascination with the gold and that whole episode of history. Had we not interrupted that gold, her ancestor would have been killed the next morning and her entire family line would never have existed.”
Dexter stood and walked to the window, deep in thought. It was pretty much the reaction Jeff would have expected. There really were no words to be said. It was something the mind had to process, certainly.
“I guess it would make sense, then, that she’s so fascinated with the Wilton heist,” he said, squinting into the sun. “I thought it was so strange. I read in one of the articles that she’d said she’d dedicated her life to it. That struck me as odd – such a singular event.”
“Yeah, she’s the one that got the sign put there.”
He turned back to Jeff, nodding excitedly. Now, he had a goofy smile on his face.
“What is it?”
Dexter threw his hands up. “It’s just unbelievable. This is really unbelievable, Jeff.” Not the reaction he’d been expecting. He considered that Dexter might be punch-drunk.
“You bet it is.”
“You didn’t say anything to her, did you? No, of course you didn’t. Man, if it blows my mind, imagine what it would do to her.”
“I know. But there’s no proof of any of this anywhere. The only place that there’s a world where she doesn’t exist is in your, mine, Abby’s and Emeka’s minds. In this reality, she’s always existed.”
“That’s an interesting point,” Dexter said. “I wonder if – from a scientific standpoint – there was a way to have some kind of memento with us that would prove what we’re saying. But then, if it had anything to do with history, it would probably change along with the reality. Wow.”
“Yeah, but let this blow your mind,” Jeff said. “What’s to say people aren’t going back and doing this all the time? How would any of us ever know?”
“Alright, alright. One earth-shattering conundrum at a time, okay?” He sat, then immediately stood up. “Sorry, I can’t sit. We have to get out of here. C’mon, let’s go get some dinner. My treat.”
Jeff stood. “How about we let Joe Wilton buy?”

CHAPTER ELEVEN

On the flight home to California, Erica had spent most of her time assessing the two men she’d met. There was something about their story – actually, there was a lot about their story – that still wasn’t setting well with her, and while she desperately wanted to pin that something on these two guys, she couldn’t find good reason to do so.
Needing some degree of better understanding, she’d changed her flight at the Newark Airport to take her to Sacramento as opposed to home. Now, as she drove west toward the Gold Rush Museum, she thought about how Kevin Pierce had aggressively made his offer to the men for the Smithsonian to buy the relics from them. They hadn’t answered by the time she left, but she hoped dearly that they’d accept the offer. She knew the reality was that they wouldn’t, though. As dedicated a historian as she was, she herself would’ve had a hard time accepting a quarter of what they actually could get for the gold. She wanted them to be bigger people than she was believing them to be.
The desire to head out to the Museum had come over her while she’d been lying in the hotel bed the night before. It wasn’t that there would be any more research materials there than she had at home – she wasn’t the top resource on the Wilton heist for nothing – but she felt like she needed camaraderie. Something that Kevin Pierce and his offer to discuss the situation over dinner couldn’t necessarily provide her. Sure, there probably was no one in the country more knowledgeable than him on American history in general, but he hadn’t been steeped in the Gold Rush and in the history of Joe Wilton, not the way her comrades at the Museum were. If anything, the chance to bounce her thoughts off of people in the know was appealing to her.
It had occurred to her before she even left the airport grounds that the absurdity of her desire to be around the Museum staff was in order to not share the excitement of the day. One would think that a Museum full of people dedicated to a certain time period in history would rejoice in one of their lost treasures being found. But that wasn’t her sentiment. In fact, it was far from it. It was more about making sense of everything. She did give herself a little leeway, though. It wasn’t every day your world got turned upside down.
Not going home, she’d rented a car at the airport and pulled it into the gravel parking lot of the Museum, the noise of the stones grinding against her tires awakening her from her daydreaming. There were two other cars in the parking lot, and she recognized them both as staff. A quiet day in Gold Rush tourism.
Once she got inside, she made her way to the display case holding Joe Wilton’s diary. It was her Holy Grail, and she never tired of looking at it. To know that Wilton sat at night writing in this book, with her great-great-great-great grandfather right by his side, was breathtaking to her. She was so fortunate to have this invaluable piece of history so close.
Being a historian, she was often consulted on genealogical studies – usually wealthy baby boomers trying to put their family history on paper before they died. While every story was fascinating, it seemed that every family line she uncovered was comprised of good, but historically insignificant, people. It made her feel even more fortunate to have an ancestor whose history was so meticulously documented. Everyone could trace their family tree back to someone of importance through cousins or uncles, but she remembered every time she looked at this book that, without the story that Joe Wilton had put on paper, her life could have taken a different track.
“You’re back,” Lionel said from her side. She looked up to see him. “How was it? Was it really Wilton’s gold?”
“I have no reason to believe otherwise,” she said, smiling wearily. “This wasn’t a particularly relaxing trip.”
“Was it amazing?” He ignored her emoting. She understood, though.
“To be honest with you, I’m having trouble getting my brain around the idea. Two days ago, this was one of the biggest unsolved mysteries in American history. Today, it’s like, ‘Okay, here’s your gold.’ You would expect some grandiose story about the gold being stolen and the pieces of it going all over the country and creating wealth or business empires. Nope. Buried in a barn in Arizona. Kind of depressing, right?”
“I don’t think you’re grasping the magnitude of what’s happened,” Lionel said. She must’ve looked pretty distraught because he rubbed her arm comfortingly. “Joe Wilton’s gold was found. It doesn’t confuse everything he wrote in this diary. It makes it better.”
She smiled in spite of herself. “I guess so. It’s probably just going to take some time for it to sink in for me. It’s a life pursuit, or at least I thought it was. I’m not old enough to have completed it.”
They left the diary display and headed into the makeshift office in the rear of the building. Lionel tossed her a Coke in a can. She opened it and sat down on the treated wooden bench along the wall. For the first time since she’d taken the call from Pierce two days before, she relaxed her shoulders and let out a deep breath.
“The Smithsonian offered them five million for the gold,” she said.
“That’s it? I read it was worth about twenty-five. They won’t take it. I wouldn’t.”
“I’m trying to have faith that they’ll do the right thing, but I’m not having much success,” she said, slouching on the bench. The hurried trip and flurry of emotion was already catching up with her. She probably should’ve headed straight home instead of driving two hours away from home to the Museum. “I bugged Kevin Pierce for us to get at least one of the bars if it goes that route.”
“Well, that’s good. Anything we can do to press the issue?”
“What, should I use my feminine charms?” Erica said, twirling her ponytail with her finger and laughing. She could only imagine she was the picture of sheer attractiveness after eight hours of traveling.
“That’s not exactly what I had in mind, but whatever works in this case.” They laughed together. “Really, though, what are they like?”
She sighed and took a drink from the can. “Hmmm. What are they like? Unfortunately, they’re like any schmucks you see walking down the street. Actually, that’s not fair – that’s the way they appear. The one guy, the friend of the guy whose grandfather owns the farm, is a scientist. He’s got a federal grant to do some thing where he can change atoms into molecules or something. It sounded impressive. The other guy is an ex-marine, thin but muscular and I’d bet has kind of a violent demeanor, even if he was soft-spoken with us. Not somebody you’d want to meet in a dark alley. That’s my impression.”
“He’s the one who owns the barn?”
“Yeah. I mean, I want to be fair to them. But nothing in their story seems out of place – except for the fact that their story exists at all. You don’t just stumble upon a historical relic that’s been missing for over 150 years. It just doesn’t happen.”
“Maybe it does.”
She leaned forward on the bench. “Listen to this, though. Wilton’s diary – do you remember the description of the man who held the knife to Wilton’s throat?”
“The guy with the ‘grotesque’ scar on his cheek?” They were all such Gold Rush geeks.
“Yeah, with the scar on his cheek. This guy, the Marine, has this big, dramatic scar on his cheek. Exactly like the description in the diary.”
“And...”
She started to say something to connect the two, but it wouldn’t come out. It was ludicrous. “It’s a really crazy coincidence.”
“That two people living 150 years apart both had a scar on their face? What, do you have some kind of conspiracy theory?”
“Well, no. It just-” Something clicked in her memory. She’d been studying unsolved mysteries of American history for so long that her mind was like a database, and a spreadsheet cell from long, long ago was suddenly accessed.
“It just... What?” Lionel was still trying to get her to realize her train of thought was inane, no matter what she was about to say.
“Is that thing on?” she asked, pointing at the computer as she headed toward it.
“Should be,” he said, but she was already flicking the mouse. The screen came on quickly, giving away that Lionel was playing Scrabble on Facebook. He started to justify it, but she was beyond it, closing his screen and opening up a search window. She typed in “scar and cheek” and ran a search. Some 70,000 pages came up, the first bunch advertising various plastic surgery services. She started to page down, but then narrowed her search – “scar and cheek and robbery.” That minimized the number, but there were still a ton. She tried again – “scar and cheek and robbery and baseball bat.”
“What are you looking for?” Lionel asked, reading over her shoulder. “Baseball bat?”
She talked slowly as she scanned the page. “There was a robbery – Prohibition Era – a guy robbed a bank, and while he was trying to get away he himself was robbed. If I’m remembering correctly – yes, here it is.” She clicked on a link that led her to a Wikipedia page, the biography of the infamous criminal Robert Miles. She ran her finger along the words on the screen until she found what she was looking for.
“There,” she said, nearly jumping from her chair. She read out loud, “The following day, Miles returned to the same bank, intent on robbing it again, but was subsequently arrested, as the bank had hired a security guard to protect against future theft. The guard clubbed Miles in the head with the butt of his gun, knocking him unconscious. When Miles came to in police custody, he told the story of how, during his escape the day before, he had been ambushed about two miles outside of the town by four people with weapons – three men and a woman – who had taken his plunder. The aggressor of the group was a man with a violent scar on his cheek,” she raised her voice as she talked, “who threatened him and took his weapon. Miles later admitted that the ‘gun’ that he’d used to rob the bank the day before was actually made from a whittled down baseball bat.”
She looked up at Lionel and pointed at her cheek. “The scar on the side of the guy’s face.”
“I get it. You’re obsessed with cheek scars.”
“The people who took Miles’ cash were never seen again,” she said. “The people who bushwhacked Wilton were never seen again. Why does this same scar keep showing up?”
“The same scar, Erica? Are you talking about... time travel?” He said it condescendingly, and while she understood why, it wasn’t her favorite thing.
He’d stopped her short, though. Was she really getting this overanxious about the gold? Could it really just be a coincidence and should she just relax? Didn’t it have to be a coincidence? Unfortunately, that wasn’t her style.
She bounced up from the computer desk and started toward the door.
“Hold on,” Lionel called after her. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going back to New York.”
“Just like that?”
“I need to confront those guys. Before they make an announcement about the gold. I need to find out what this all means.”
He chased her down and got in front of her, impeding her progress toward the door. “You have to understand that it probably means nothing.”
“Then it means nothing.”
“You’re actually going to fly back across the country just to find out that it means nothing?”
“I have to know.” She turned to leave again, but he grabbed her wrist. “What?”
“One more question,” he said. “How the hell did you know that about the bank robbery?”
She smiled. It was pretty impressive, she had to admit. “You don’t get to be a regular on The Mystery of History just for having a pretty face.” Just the host gets that gem, she thought.
A moment later, she was in her rental car exceeding the speed limit, well on her way back to Sacramento and the airport.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Jeff peered through the blinds, down from his second floor lab to the parking lot behind the building. He’d done so at least fifteen times and felt like he did as a kid waiting for his uncle, aunt, and cousins from Buffalo to pull into his family’s driveway during Christmas break. Still nothing, though.
He turned his attention back inside the lab, where Abby and Emeka were waiting with him for Dexter to arrive. Abby was fiddling with her tablet, working on the coordinates that they would put into the time travel device for their next mission. He had finally talked Dexter into the mission, but these two were always game. Which was probably why they were there on time, even early, to work on the plan. Emeka was sitting in a plastic chair with his feet up on a table, listening calmly to his music player. Jeff envied him that he was never plagued by a sense of urgency, related to anything personal or professional, it seemed. He imagined that after seeing what he’d seen at war, there probably wasn’t too much that could get him overly excited.
“Jeff,” Abby said, looking up from her screen, “can I get the device? Might as well get this information into it.”
He nodded and crossed the lab toward the extraordinary safe he’d had developed specifically for the time device. Concerned that if anyone found out about his device, with its small size, it could be easily stolen, Jeff had contracted out to create a safe-within-a-safe to protect it. The time device was set into a non-descript, briefcase-sized box, which was itself locked and then slid into the lowest track on the shelves holding his computer server hard drives. Without knowing what they were looking for, no one would, first, know to look for it, and second, be able to beat two advanced systems to get to it. It was quite secure when it wasn’t in his hands.
The lab itself was not large, with only enough floor space to hold Jeff’s workstation, comprised of several linked computers which were continuously running; his server; a handful of cabinets, file drawers, and equipment storage cases; and, of course, the particle accelerator in the center of the room – the one that he was using for his “real” research on behalf of the U.S. government. Off to the side was a small office area that Jeff used more for storage than for work. The building itself was an amalgamation of start-up technology companies – medical devices, software development, etc. But with his stimulus grant, Jeff was the all-star when he walked into the place.
Now, he unlocked the various protection mechanisms on the time device and pulled it from its padded environment. He handed it to Abby, then returned to the window. This time, when he looked out, he saw the familiar shape of Dexter’s black SUV pulling into the lot and parking in front of the garage behind the building.
“He’s here,” he said, tapping Emeka on the arm. Emeka removed his ear buds. “He’s here. Can you see if he needs help carrying anything?”
Without a word, Emeka leapt from the chair and headed out the lab’s main entrance. A moment later, he saw Emeka emerge in the parking lot as Dexter was pulling garment bags out of the lift gate on his truck. They shared the load and walked together through the building’s rear doors.
When they made it to the lab, Jeff grabbed a couple of the garment bags and hung them on the small but adequate coat rack near the door.
“I don’t know how you got me to do this,” Dexter said, unzipping the first one right away. “Remember, I had to borrow these, so that’s extra incentive for us to be careful. Got it?” He was looking at Jeff, who he clearly was blaming for his influence over him.
Dexter pulled out a long white and green dress that he handed to Abby, who had set her technology down and joined the group, curious. She took it and held it in front of herself as Dexter moved onto the next.
“What do you think?” she asked, doing a faux modeling pose.
“I think the gangster outfit was sexier,” Jeff said, smiling.
“Well, good thing we’re not going for sexy,” she said.
Emeka was next – a baggy blue shirt and brown knickers that knotted just below the knee. His ensemble came with a wide-brimmed brown hat that he slapped on his head. “I feel like I could pick up a musket and fight the Brits right now.”
Jeff laughed, but stopped when Dexter pulled his costume out of the bag. A bright flash of red was followed by the emergence of a full-fledged British “redcoat” uniform. Had they not already successfully traveled through time, Jeff might not have had the reaction he had, but the idea that he would be in Colonial America wearing something that had been such a hated symbol for him since the time he was in elementary school, was breathtaking.
“That’s what we’re wearing?”
“Yep. You and me,” Dexter said.
He shook his head. “I don’t know that that’s such a good idea.”
“You haven’t even heard the plan yet.”
“We’re going to get shot,” he said, holding the uniform up in front of himself.
“No, we won’t. The war won’t have started yet.”
Emeka was off to Jeff’s side, laughing quietly. “Maybe I’ll shoot you myself, just to keep up appearances.”
“Might be easier. This had better be a doozy of a plan, so let’s hear it.”
Dexter waved each of them to seats so he could explain what he was thinking. For the first time since they’d started working together, Jeff was doubting his friend’s logic. And sanity. There was no way that dropping into a volatile atmosphere in the uniform of the enemy was wise. “The war hadn’t started yet, but when was the Boston Massacre?”
“Stop with the uniform,” Dexter said. “Bottom line is that we won’t be able to get anywhere near Garvey’s house looking like commoners. The uniform is our ticket in.”
They’d been discussing Major Jonathan Garvey – the #3 option in Dexter’s secret journal – for some time. Right around the time they were intending to arrive in Colonial America, 1770, Garvey, a rising star in the British Colonial Army in Philadelphia, had received a shipment of precious stones directly from King George III, to be distributed to his officers in the Royal Army. The total amount and value were unknown because the following week Garvey’s home was burned to the ground. The incident was blamed on untended embers from the fireplace, but more than likely it was retaliation by Colonials unhappy with Garvey’s infamous order to his soldiers to stop and question any man, woman or child they felt like questioning. Efforts to find the stones had been made for over two centuries, with the biggest stash being found in 1968 when the grounds were excavated to build the housing that currently stood there.
“Uniform or no uniform, how do you propose to get in?”
“You and I will be bringing the Major an urgent message, and making sure that we get into the house while he reads it. The story about the stones passed down from one of the house’s servants was that Garvey was proud of his gift from the King and intended to show them off before disseminating them. Most likely they’ll be in the main living area, but we know that Garvey’s office was upstairs. We’ll make sure the message is one that sends him to his office. At that point, we’ll take the stones and meet Emeka and Abby in the rear of the house.”
“What if there are other people in the house and you can’t just walk out with the stones?” Emeka asked. Jeff shook his head. Emeka was right – this plan was infinitely riskier than the previous ones.
“Well, you’ll be right outside the door, fifteen steps away,” he said, smiling. “The goal will be to get in there and get the gemstones before anyone suspects anything. As far as they know, we’ll just be two normal Brits delivering a message. Happens all the time.”
“You mentioned servants. What if they’re around?” Abby asked.
“Colonials serving the British I’m sure would be easily appeased by a handful of gemstones. Garvey was not a well-liked man. All the accounts that we have suggest that the servants would’ve killed him themselves if it didn’t mean their own lives in exchange.”
“And we’re assuming they never had any chance? Dexter, I don’t want to get in there and have any trouble,” Jeff said.
The historian was shaking his head again. “I don’t anticipate any. I think we can count on Garvey to be predictable, and he’s not going to want people around. If anything happens, Emeka can take care of it. You can, right?”
Emeka shrugged and let out a sigh. “Well, that depends on what ‘it’ is. If it’s stopping something from getting messy, yes. If it’s clearing out a house full of people, it’s probably not the best idea.”
“If that’s what happens, then we call it recon and we regroup with even better information. Look, Jeff, I’m the most cautious out of all of us. And if I think this will work, it’ll work. I have more details, of course, that I’ll go over with you, but that’s the gist.”
Jeff leaned forward in his chair and looked side-to-side at the rest of his team. “Are you good?” he asked, to which they both nodded. “Alright. Plan A – things go the way Dexter just described. Plan B – Emeka lays waste to the place. Plan C – we pull back and rethink it. Let’s be very lenient in deciding Plan C is the right one.”
They nodded in unison then Dexter said, “I think we’re good. We can probably do this as soon as next week.”
“I want to do it tomorrow,” Jeff said.
“Why, Jeff?” Now there was frustration in his voice.
“I want to do this job before we give the Smithsonian an answer on the Wilton gold.”
“What about the Wilton gold?” Abby asked. They hadn’t said anything to her yet.
“Oh, the Smithsonian offered us five million for it.”
“Well, you’re not going to take it, are you?” she asked.
Jeff held up his hand. “We’re thinking about it.” He noticed her look to Emeka, who shrugged as if saying, what could he do? “It’ll be important for us to know how we do at Garvey’s house in making that decision. We can hold off the guy from the Smithsonian for another day...”
“I need two,” Dexter said. “I can’t push it any faster than that. There are details that need to be shored up.”
They shared a stand-off stare for a moment, before Jeff relented. “Okay. Two days. But if we’re taking an extra day, I want one more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“Can you get Emeka a gun from the period? A musket or something? I’d feel better if he didn’t have to make up those fifteen steps if something went wrong.”
“Probably smart,” Emeka said in agreement.
“It might be easier just to get one there,” Dexter said. “Let me think about it.”
“Alright,” Jeff said. “Two days. We meet at my house at 10 a.m. and we’ll drive down to Philadelphia together. Emeka, you should call the guy from the Smithsonian and tell him we need until the weekend. Dexter, can you e-mail us the full plan ASAP so we can see where we might have questions? If we need to get together tomorrow, we will, but we’ll have a couple of hours in the car the next day to strategize. Meanwhile, everyone try your costumes on to make sure they fit reasonably well.”
Everyone got up and collected their things. Abby and Emeka left, leaving Jeff and Dexter alone. Jeff held up the uniform again. “I can’t believe I’m putting this thing on. Couldn’t we just keep going back to the ‘30s?”
“After this, you can go wherever you want. I’m done.”
“Oh, c’mon. Stop it.”
“I’ve lost track of what’s driving you, Jeff. And that worries me. Consider this a last hurrah.”
“I know, I’m pushing it,” he said. “I promise – after this one, we’ll stop and regroup and do some analysis. The Smithsonian, the girl, Erica, the gold... It’s got me all crazy.”
“Oh good. Let’s dive into this with you ‘all crazy.’ Last one, Jeff.”
Dexter didn’t let him answer before leaving.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Jeff turned down his street and silently swore when he saw there were no spots near the house. He hated parking down the street, even when the weather was nice. It wasn’t that he minded the walk, but he found some simple comfort in being able to see his car out his own front window. He reminded himself, though, that while he had the wherewithal to move to the suburbs like Dexter, the urban life still appealed to him, even with drawbacks like this.
He saw an opening about ten houses from his and wracked his brain to remember if there was a fire hydrant there. He didn’t think so, so he sped toward it. As he passed his house, though, he caught a glimpse of someone sitting on his front steps – but not enough of a glimpse to see who it was. Now driven by curiosity, he gunned the car toward the opening only to realize that it was, in fact, inhabited by a hydrant. He started to let loose a string of vulgarities – it was the little things in life that set him off – but a car two spots ahead pulled out and made its way down the street. He commandeered the spot.
Hopping out of the car, he started back toward his house. His visitor, noticing him, stood and started to move in his direction, and he saw it was Dr. Danforth. He was pretty certain that she’d said she was going back to California the day before, and laughed to himself now thinking that she’d maybe just said she was leaving to rid herself of the Smithsonian guy because she wanted some alone time with Jeffrey. The other guy was way too old for her, anyway.
“Dr. Jacobs,” she said as they met halfway between his car and house.
He held his finger in the air, as if thinking. “Didn’t you go back to San Francisco yesterday?”
She nodded. “Yeah, I did, but I turned around and came right back.”
He looked her over, foregoing his delusion of romantic grandeur from the moment before. “Doesn’t that sound a little crazy?”
“Yes, it does. Is this a good time to talk?”
“About what?” They’d stopped on the sidewalk, facing each other.
“About Robert Miles.”
Jeff smiled tightly, and then without saying anything pulled his cell phone from his pocket. He dialed Dexter’s number and waited a few rings.
“What now?” his friend asked.
“I need you to come over to my house, ASAP.”
“You know, just because you’re spending the day relaxing doesn’t mean...”
“Trust me.” He hung up. “We’ll need about ten minutes,” he told Erica. “Can I invite you inside? Get you something to drink? Did you eat?”
“I’ve been sitting out here for a while. I could use something to drink.”
Jeff held out his hand and ushered her back down the sidewalk toward his house. She walked about three paces in front of him and with a slight breeze blowing toward them he could smell that, despite her haste to see him, she’d taken the time to put on some scent that was fairly pleasant. They walked up the stairs. Jeff opened the door and they went inside.
“What do you like?” Jeff asked, throwing his keys on the table near the end of the couch. “I have wine, beer, water, I think I have some juice, and I know I have one or two bottles of Yoo-Hoo in there.”
“Given the conversation we’re about to have and your reaction so far,” she said, “I think I could use a glass of wine.”
He smiled again. “Well then I have the perfect one – I was saving it.”
Jeff disappeared through the dining room that he never dined in and into the kitchen. It was a workmanlike kitchen, with a short counter complete with all of the tools a scientist bachelor needed – microwave and toaster oven – and a small table where he ritualistically ate his morning cereal. He accessed a little-used cupboard, where he kept about ten bottles of wine for special occasions. Most of the wines in his collection made it to the special collection because they cost more than $100 – that was the only prerequisite. One, however, was a birthday gift from Dexter a couple of years back. It was this special bottle he pulled down from the shelf. After all, it wasn’t every day that you got to sit down for a candid conversation with a person you created.
He pulled two wine glasses from off a rack hanging underneath the cupboard and a corkscrew from the drawer, and went back into the living room. Erica was standing in front of his workstation taking in the vastness of his technology, which was similar to that of his lab, but without the enormous standing server. Four linked computers danced with coordinated screensavers that he liked to believe kept his office/living room vibrant.
“Is this what a scientist’s home looks like? You sit at these computers and do all your work?”
“Unfortunately, no,” he said, placing the glasses on the table. “The equipment I need for my work is much too expensive, and for that matter, enormous, to use at home. These are just my toys.”
“There’s a lot of machinery here.”
“I like my toys,” he said, smiling, and then handed her the bottle. “Let me tell you about this wine. It was a gift from a friend of mine – the one I just called, in fact. This wine is one of about 100 bottles left from a winery in the Loire – I hope I’m pronouncing that correctly – region of France that was ransacked and burned to the ground by the Germans in World War II. I thought, as a historian, you’d appreciate it.”
She handed it back to him and he pulled the corkscrew from his pocket. As he started to open it, she lunged forward. “What are you doing? I don’t want you to-” He pulled the cork from the bottle. “Why did you do that? I thought you were just showing me.”
“No. Today’s the right day.”
He poured a little in a glass and handed it to her. She looked at him as if he were crazy, then sighed deeply and took a sip. After a moment, she said almost reluctantly, “It’s lovely.”
Jeff poured more into her glass and some into his own. She took her coat off and they sat on the couch kitty-corner to each other. This was certainly not a time for small talk, but he didn’t want to start getting into the meat of the conversation without Dexter here. Though he wasn’t quite sure what to do with himself given that (1) he was about to tell a woman she wouldn’t exist if he hadn’t created time travel; (2) he’d just, without thinking, opened a priceless 75-year-old bottle of wine; and (3) he hadn’t been alone with a woman in his house since about the time that bottle of wine was vinted. He understood he wasn’t thinking quite straight for a variety of reasons.
“We’re likely going to take the deal from the Smithsonian,” he said, breaking the silence. He was sure that would make her happy. Maybe ease some of the tension.
“Oh, that’s such a relief,” she said. “I would hate to see something so important to American history end up in the wrong hands. The way the media handles things these days, the meaning of it would be completely lost. Thank you for being responsible.”
“Emeka and I talked about it, and we’re ninety-nine percent sure it’s the right thing to do. We’re going to sleep on it, then call your friend, Mr. Pierce, tomorrow.” If plans changed, he figured he’d cross that bridge later.
“Well that’s fantastic.” She leaned forward and set her glass on the coffee table. Jeff took a sip from his own.
“I’m sure you’ll want some of the gold for your museum, yes?”
“Well, we hope. I think we have a deal already worked out with the Smithsonian – I’m pretty sure we’ll make it happen.”
“Can’t Emeka and I take care of that before we make the sale?”
She smiled and nodded. It was a cute look. He interpreted it as her trying not to let him see exactly what she was thinking, when she was probably jubilant about the gold. “I suppose you could.”
“Tell you what we’ll do – we’ll make sure in any deal we make with the Smithsonian that there will be consideration for your museum, as well. It’s the San Francisco Gold Rush Museum, right?”
“California Gold Rush Museum,” she said, correcting him. Of course, he knew exactly what it was, which made him wonder why he was still playing dumb when he was about to unveil everything anyway.
Still, he kept it up. “Better write that down, just to make sure,” he said, standing and fetching a pen from his desk. He scribbled the name on a piece of paper on his desk, then returned to the couch. It killed thirty seconds while they waited.
“Well, again, I appreciate that,” she said. “I mean, the Museum does.”
Jeff had to imagine this trip was going well for her so far – the historical wine, the good news about the gold, and now this boon for the museum. Not bad, Dr. Jacobs, he thought. Too bad it was about to come crashing down.
The front door opened violently and they heard heavy footsteps in the entryway.
“Dammit, Jeff.” They could hear Dexter’s voice although he couldn’t see him yet. “This better be good. I was in the middle of broiling a steak, which is now half-cooked, and still I come running over here like a dimwit every time you call, and of course there’s nowhere to park on your entire street...” He came around the wall into the living room, still in the midst of his tirade, and stopped short.
“Dexter, I’d like you to meet Dr. Erica Danforth,” Jeff said.
“Oh,” was all that came out of his friend’s mouth.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

While she’d never seen him in person, Erica was well-familiar with Dexter Murphy. She’d read a great deal of his work on the Civil War, sat through three or four of his podcasts, and knew that he housed himself at Columbia. So when Jeff introduced them, there was already a familiarity for her, though there was certainly no calmness in the way he was acting. He was visibly nervous that she was there, confirming for her that she was on to something, whatever it might be. She couldn’t help her mind from attempting to interpret the possibilities, but short of some dirty conspiracy her thoughts were cluttered.
Upon entering, Dexter noticed the open bottle of wine on the table and “invited” Jeff with a nod of his head into the kitchen to show him “where the wine glasses were hiding.” Erica heard loud whispering for about thirty seconds, then they both came back into the living room and sat down. Dexter had no wine glass in his hand.
“Erica, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” he said, settling into the easy chair facing Jeff’s couches. “I’ve read a lot of your work on the Gold Rush. Great stuff.”
“Well, it’s a passion of mine,” she said. “I’m guessing by your reaction in seeing me that Jeff shared with you that I have ancestral history there.”
“He did, yes.”
“And I’ve followed your work, as well. Particularly on the Civil War.”
“Like you, I have a passion for it. Can I ask what brings you to my friend’s front steps?” He was trying to be coy, but it wasn’t coming across well.
“I was hoping to talk with you about your friend Emeka. He seems to be getting around. I assume he is your friend?  I didn’t realize you two had a connection until now, after all.” Yes, the whole time travel notion was ridiculous and, yes, she was probably about to embarrass herself, but since they were acting funny, and since Jeff had reacted to her mention of Robert Miles, she figured she’d dive right in; let them come up with the reasonable explanation and maybe she’d be more likely to get the truth.
Dexter looked over at Jeff. “What did you guys talk about?”
“Wine,” Jeff said, smiling at him. Erica wondered why he was so smug.
“Let me change my question,” Dexter said, leaning forward toward her. “What do you think is going on?”
Erica paused, wondering if time travel was really the thing she’d traveled so far to talk about. She knew it would sound even crazier when she said it out loud. “Well, I don’t know, really, and that’s why I’m here. The only idea I have... and I know it’s going to sound ludicrous…” She paused, giving herself another moment to consider backing out, then finished, “But I think you guys have found some way to travel through time.”
Dexter sat back, laughing. “Time travel?” He looked at Jeff. “You brought me here for this?”
Erica read the body language between them, the taste of the magnificent wine in her mouth forgotten. Until now, it hadn’t occurred to her this could really be happening, but the men’s reactions spoke volumes, even as they hid them. Dexter was clearly putting on a show, and Jeff didn’t seem to want to do so. They were just looking at one another, set at an impasse. She devised a couple of options in the conversation – either make her fellow historian uncomfortable enough to get him to tell his story, or turn her attention to Jeff, who definitely wanted to say something, but hadn’t yet. “Jeff?” she asked, prodding him to give some answer to what she was seeing, and what she’d already seen.
“Erica,” Jeff said, setting his glass on the coffee table, “before we engage in this conversation, you need to ask yourself if it’s a conversation that you want to have.”
“Why wouldn’t I want to have it?”
“The fact that you’re asking that question suggests to us that you might not have thought this all the way through,” Dexter said. She’d been looking at Jeff, but as she turned back toward Dexter, she noticed his demeanor had changed. He was now gravely serious, no trace of the obviously false laughter he’d given her a moment ago.
She found herself not knowing what to say. She couldn’t envision a scenario in which there would be bad news for her, and reasoned that perhaps they were creating this line of thought to discourage her from wanting to know more. They’d discussed and scripted it. Without question, they were up to something, having already miraculously come across a treasure that was deemed a century before to be unrecoverable. But for some reason, their warning struck a chord. Still, she was a scientist, and scientists didn’t shy away from the truth, despite any repercussions. “So, it is time travel, then?” she said, purposefully being assertive. “Why else would a historian and a physicist be working so closely together?”
Jeff was nodding, but solemnly. She took another gulp of her wine, ignoring the fact that it was a priceless delicacy and not simply a remedy for worn nerves. Was it possible she was imagining this, after her sleepless schedule these last few days?
Jeff sat forward. “It is time travel, Erica, yes.” He waited a moment to let it sink in, then continued. “We have been to the Gold Rush era and we did see your, what, great-great-great-great grandfather, Lucius. We did hold up Joe Wilton and take his 60 bars of gold. And those are the bars of gold that you saw yesterday. The beauty of gold is that it is difficult to date, but if there was a way you would probably see that those bars were minted within the last year. I don’t know how you put two-and-two together, though clearly Emeka’s scar has something to do with it, but I suppose if there’s anyone we should be letting in on the secret, it’s you.”
“So they’re fakes?” she asked quietly, the words barely getting out.
“No, they’re really Wilton’s bars from his mint. They just skipped about 160 years of history.”
She was silent for a second, then took another sip of wine. “You’re right, maybe I didn’t want to know.” She reminded herself this couldn’t possibly be happening, so she might as well stay calm.
“How did you know about Robert Miles?” Jeff asked.
She didn’t expect to, but she let out an uncomfortable laugh. She’d lost control of a conversation that she’d wanted to steer. She could feel her heart beginning to beat more swiftly. “Ask Dexter. That’s our job. To research history and make connections. I take it you were the four mystery men standing in the road?”
“Well, three men and one woman,” Jeff said. “How on earth did you put that together?”
“You should know I’ve done an awful lot of reading about American history,” she said. “And I remember things. I call it ‘Jeopardy knowledge’ – those parts of your brain where you store information that’s only useful when you’re playing Jeopardy. Or, of course, if you’re trying to hunt down time traveling bandits. You’re right, it was your friend – Emeka. The scar on his face.” She interrupted herself, shaking her head. “I can’t believe I’m treating this like a rational conversation. Look, Wilton wrote in his diary about being accosted by a man with a large scar on his face. And Miles told the police that his money was stolen by a man with a ‘grotesque’ scar on his face. Then, who shows up to cash in on Wilton’s gold on the front cover of the Daily News?”
Jeff looked at Dexter, shaking his head. “I told him to keep his mask on.”
“Hold on,” Erica said, leaning forward herself. “You’re just going to let me walk in here and decipher the code? I say it’s time travel and you just up and agree? That seems a little too easy. Tell me what’s going on.” Either they somehow really were time travelers with guilty consciences, or they were putting on a charade for her. But why? Or, she told herself, perhaps she was simply dreaming the whole thing.  She let out a chuckle of uncertainty and watched their confusion over why she might be laughing. Is that how people in a dream would react?
Without a word, Jeff stood and walked across the room to the closet, opening the door. He reached in and pulled out a black bag, returning to the couch. He unzipped it and tossed it onto the sofa next to Erica. “Recognize that?”
She reached inside the bag and pulled out a small stack of $100 bills, though they were older – the 1928 series, featuring a picture of Benjamin Franklin and the language “Redeemable in gold on demand...” that once defined U.S. currency. A nice historical find, sure, but they meant little to her. “Not particularly.”
“That right there is Robert Miles’ money, the money he stole from the First Bank of Jackson in Learned, Mississippi in 1931.”
“Bullshit,” she said. Cuss words rarely came out of her mouth.
“Why?” Jeff said, defiantly. “We already showed you we have Wilton’s gold. Why would this be any different?”
Erica took a deep breath. She pulled another handful of bills from the bag, inspecting them. Could this be real?
“We also have Miles’ gun,” Dexter said.
“His baseball bat gun?”
He nodded. “Emeka’s got it at his house. We can always call him and demand that he come over as well.” She noticed Dexter scowl at Jeff.
“This is all too much,” she said. “Where else have you been? Or, should I say, when else have you been?”
“Nowhere of significance yet,” Jeff said.
“What do you mean ‘yet’?” she asked. “You’re going somewhere else?”
“Yes, Jeff,” Dexter said, looking at him with a silly grin of annoyance on his face. “Tell us about ‘yet.’” She continued to pick up that the two of them were not on the same page on multiple topics.
Jeff held up his hands. “That’s for another conversation,” he said.
“Okay,” said Erica. “Let’s say I’m going along with this – that I believe what you’re saying. Which I still can’t believe what I’m hearing. You’ve been to see Joe Wilton. You’ve been to see Robert Miles. What else are you not telling me the full story about? I’m not seeing the part that made you so foreboding, the part where I have to decide if I want to have this conversation. Is there some responsibility of me knowing this information that I should be concerned about? Does all of this fall under the clause of ‘I can tell you, but then I have to kill you?’“
Jeff laughed at that one. “Not quite,” he said. “While I’d prefer that you didn’t say anything to anyone about this, and allow us to continue to study the phenomenon as scientists, you’re under no obligation to us. I do know that the scholarly world and the media tend to frown upon claims of time travel, so if you decide to go public with this, I’d craft your story carefully.”
“No... I don’t think I’ll be telling anyone anything. Not when I don’t understand it myself, at least not yet.”
He sighed deeply, then glanced at Dexter, who she thought she saw slightly shake his head in a negative at Jeff. “Alright, well here goes,” Jeff said. “When we went back in time-”
“Wait,” she said, “how is it that you do this?”
“That’s also for another conversation,” he said, then continued. “When we went back to the Gold Rush and ambushed Joe Wilton and his team, something unexpected happened. See, where we came from originally, Wilton’s team was ultimately ambushed, and his gold was stolen – but not until the next morning, when their camp was ransacked by a gangster known as ‘Bad Dan’ Carmichael.”
“No it wasn’t,” she said, correcting him.
Jeff smiled at her, but it was a cautious smile. “Rest assured it was. When Carmichael attacked the camp, there was a shoot-out, and several members of Wilton’s team were murdered.” She looked over at Dexter, who was uncomfortably shifting in his seat. “Lucius Fitzsimmons was among them.”
“That’s impossible,” she said, frustrated. “I would’ve read about it. Daniel Carmichael – I don’t know where you got ‘Bad Dan’ from – was known to be an inept petty thief, robbing miners of their food, but never really coming up with a big score. He died a pauper in Sacramento.”
“You know that he crossed Wilton’s path, though, yes?”
“Well, sure,” she said. “The day after Wilton was robbed, he hit the camp, but came away with nothing...” She watched Jeff’s face lighten up as it dawned on her. “... because there was nothing to steal. Because you’d stolen everything the night before. How’d you know?”
“Wilton’s diary.”
“Wilton’s diary doesn’t say anything about...” She stopped herself. “Man, I keep doing that. In Wilton’s diary, he writes about you. Then he writes about Carmichael. You’re saying that Wilton’s diary changed?”
Now Dexter jumped in. “To you, no,” he said, with a tone that was almost defensive of her. “It was always the way it was. To us, we based everything we did on a completely different recounting.”
Erica attempted to process that concept, but there was little chance of that happening. Instead, she took the last swig of her wine and held up the bottle to Jeff. “I might need to get drunk now – do you have anything cheaper than this?”
He attempted a warm smile and nodded, heading into the kitchen. Great – after all that she would now get the kid gloves. A moment later, he returned with an open bottle and refilled her glass with red.
“You changed history,” she said, after drinking half the glass down. “I’m not sure I’m okay with that.”
“It is what it is now, though,” Jeff said.
“It is what it is?” Despite the amazement she was feeling about the topic in general, this last piece brought with it a sadness, especially with how glib they were about it. “I need to recap this: You read a diary written by Wilton in which he writes that he’s carrying 60 bars of gold, and that his camp is ransacked by Carmichael, who in your world was called ‘Bad Dan,’ probably because of this heist. Was Wilton killed in the attack? No, of course not -- you wouldn’t have had the diary then. So, you and your friend with the scar on his cheek take advantage of the trickiness of the Henness Pass to ambush Wilton before Carmichael can. You come back to the present time with the gold, and Carmichael ends up with nothing.” She paused, taking a slow gulp of her wine as she looked between the two men. Suddenly she realized why they’d given their caveat. “Wait a second – you said that, where you came from, Lucius Fitzsimmons was killed in the ambush?”
There was a long, palpable silence before Jeff slowly nodded his head.
“But in this new reality that you created, the confrontation with Carmichael didn’t turn into a shootout because there was nothing to steal. So Lucius and the others who’d been killed that morning... lived on. They made it to California, they found a living, and-”
“They started families,” Dexter said, finishing her thought for her.
“Oh my God,” she said, shaking her head. She stood up and walked halfway across the floor, then turned back to Jeff. “The bathroom?” she said, barely getting the words from her mouth. He pointed down the hallway and she fled.
Inside the bathroom, she looked into the mirror as she splashed water on her face. The time travel and the changing of history was one thing. Once she left Jeff’s house, she could honestly choose to believe it or not. But the notion that Jeff’s time travel was responsible for her very existence was overbearing. Would that mean that there was an alternate reality in which she did not exist? Where Wilton’s diary was completely different and where her great-great-great-great grandfather had been killed? Were there alternate realities for every decision she and all of her ancestors had made on a daily basis? It was too much. Her head ached, and she knew it wasn’t from the wine.
Tears began to stream down her face. She didn’t want to believe it could be true, but at the same time she couldn’t come up with a good reason not to.
She heard a knock on the door and opened it to see Jeff standing in the hallway.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “If I’d had it my way, you never would’ve had to have known anything about this, and you would go about your life knowing that everything had an intentional purpose. This was a contingency we didn’t plan for.”
“A contingency? I’m a contingency? My family is a contingency?” She told herself to calm down, hearing hysteria in her own voice. He hadn’t meant it like that. She pulled the towel off the rack and wiped her eyes.
“No,” he said, clearly trying to work his way through what he wanted to enunciate. “But having met you, to me, knowing you... seems to me to be far better than the alternative.”
He made no sense, so she looked at him for a moment, determined to say something biting, but then softened. He was either trying to console her or, for some god-awful reason, flirt with her, but was failing at both. “Please just give me a minute. I’ll be right out.”
Jeff nodded and she closed the door. She blotted her face with the towel until she looked somewhat presentable, then left the bathroom. In the living room, Jeff sat alone.
“Dexter left,” he said. “He said he was too analytical to be of any help now. Which is probably true.”
“I think I’m going to leave,” Erica said, trying to hold back more tears.
“You don’t have to,” he said, standing. “We can talk about this. I don’t want you driving if you’re not up for it. You’re welcome to stay here as long as you need.”
“No, I need to be away from this,” she said, picking up her coat from the couch and putting it on. She walked over by the door. “I’m not quite sure what to say. Thanks?” She shook her head and turned to leave.
“Wait – can I call you? I really want to talk more with you.”
She stopped just outside the door and turned back toward him. “I think the answer to that question has to be ‘no’. It was nice to meet you, Jeff.”
With that, she turned and hopped down the stairs and into her rental car waiting by the curb in front of the house. Without a wave or even a look, she pulled out of the spot and took off down the street. Several blocks down, she found an elementary school, where she pulled into the empty parking lot, finding an isolated corner near the playground.
Then she put her head in her hands and cried.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Erica’s car disappeared down the street. Though she was no longer in sight, Jeff stood watching after her for some time. Had he made the right decision in telling her? He thought so – but it wasn’t all about Erica and her feelings, which, of course, he was concerned about. More so than he thought he would be. A large part of what was spinning in his mind was the reaction that his team would have, and since they were in the midst of planning their next mission, he couldn’t afford to lose any of their trust. Especially Dexter, who was starting to take on the role of perpetual devil’s advocate. It also probably didn’t help that Jeff had sprung this on him without advance notice.
His focused his thinking to conjure up a hook – some inner urge that had made him want, no, need to tell her about her confusing past. Stepping outside himself, even he had to admit that it could easily be perceived that this was all a game to him. In his heart, he thought it was right to tell her. But that was going to be difficult to explain to them. And to get buy-in on. Even though there was little hope of her turning around and coming back down the road, he gave her sufficient time to do so before returning inside again. He closed the door behind him.
“That was a mistake,” Dexter said, leaning against the doorway and into the dining room, holding a bottle of Yoo-Hoo. He’d been hiding in the kitchen, both of them certain that she would disappear upon leaving the bathroom.
“That’s mine,” Jeff said without emotion.
Dexter laughed. “I figured under the circumstances, what with opening seventy-year old bottles of wine in the middle of the afternoon, you could spare a Yoo-Hoo. But seriously... that was not a smart thing to do.”
“It was the right thing to do, though.”
“No, it wasn’t,” he said, walking slowly to the couch and sitting down. “There was no need to tell her anything. It’s like shopping for your wife and spending two hours looking at a diamond necklace, then opting to buy her a scarf instead – and then going home and telling her about the necklace. There’s no good can come of it.”
“Diamond necklace? What the hell are you talking about?”
“Alright, that’s a stretch. Let me give you another. My parents were split-up and my dad signed me up for baseball. My mom signed me up for gymnastics. I loved baseball, and I hated gymnastics. One afternoon, my baseball coach scheduled practice for the same time as when gymnastics class was scheduled.”
“I’m learning a lot about why you are how you are.” Jeff sat on the other couch, facing him. He refilled his glass with the cheap wine.
“Nice. Anyway, I happened to be with my mom that day, so she takes me to gymnastics instead of baseball. I didn’t even know there was a practice scheduled – my parents must’ve decided among themselves. We’re driving home from gymnastics and my mom tells me that my team had a practice that night. I still remember the thoughts I had – I would’ve been perfectly happy never knowing that there was a practice, but something in her felt the need to tell me. Then, I was pissed.”
“Yes, but clearly you’ve forgiven her. And, you would’ve found out anyway.”
“That’s not the point.”
“What is the point?”
“The point is that history has changed. That history, the one where Wilton is ambushed by Dan Carmichael, and where Erica doesn’t exist, is gone. It’s not even worth thinking about anymore. Same as the history where I went to baseball instead of gymnastics. There is nothing good that can come out of bringing it up.”
Jeff laughed. “Okay, now I get the necklace thing. I still think it was the right thing to do. Or, let’s call it the moral thing to do.”
“It wasn’t that, either. The moral thing was to not go back in time and change things.”
Jeff sat back and let out a deep sigh. “Well, what would you have done?”
“First off, I wouldn’t have let my feelings get in the way.”
“My feelings?”
Dexter stood and grabbed his bottle again, pacing the floor. “As you were talking, and then when I went into the other room, all I could do was try to figure out why the hell you were doing this. But I watched how you were talking to her. I watched how you were looking at her. And it was pretty obvious.”
“What was pretty obvious?” Jeff knew what his friend’s answer would be, but he wanted him to say it as if he was discovering it. He’d found his hook. It was perfect. If Jeff was having love-at-first-sight feelings for Erica, it would make perfect sense for him to want to share with her the truth. It was a reasonable reaction for a human. If not for a scientist.
“Jeff, you’re looking at her like you’re about to propose,” Dexter said. “That’s a problem if you intend to be in this line of work, because it puts all of the rest of us in danger.”
“How’s that?”
Dexter stopped and leaned on the back of the easy chair. “Honestly? You need me to explain it?”
Yes, he wanted him to explain it to him. It’d be much easier to make the case if it was Dexter’s own interpretation.
“Well, for starters, your new girlfriend can now take the story you just told her and do whatever she wants with it.”
“What’s she going to do? Call the police? Tell on us? That’d go over real well.”
“There’s a lot of ways she can spread that information.”
“Honestly, Dexter,” he said, finishing his glass of wine. “I’m not worried about it. They have a word for people who claim that time travel is a real thing. It’s ‘crazy.’“
“Jeff, you’re not giving this the serious attention it deserves.” He sat back down.
But Jeff then stood up himself. “What do you want me to say?” He held up three fingers. “Scout’s Honor... I won’t tell anyone else that we affect through time travel what really happened?”
Dexter sighed. “That’d be a good start.”
He dropped his salute and took a seat again. “Alright,” he said. He couldn’t push Dexter too far or he’d bail on the Garvey job. “I do know what you’re getting at. We just have different levels of anxiety about it. Look, she’s gone. She’s not coming back. From the look on her face when she left, I would guess that she’s going to get back to California and make a determination in her mind that we’re lunatics. And never have anything to do with us again. I honestly believe that she won’t say anything to anyone because it would be fruitless for her. If anything, we’re in a no-harm, no-foul situation.”
Dexter shook his head again. “That’s incredibly thoughtless of you. Especially regarding someone you seem to care about on some level. Reason number one I have zero interest in relationships. No matter what your pursuit, they’re always a distraction.”
Jeff did care about her, but his mind was on the mission. And while he didn’t know much about women, if there was one thing he did know it was that, when they said they didn’t want to see you, they meant it. He thought about the reaction he would give Dexter to his last statement. Shrugging it off would send a message that he didn’t care about the repercussions of their time travel experiments. Showing too much interest in Erica’s feelings would demonstrate that he was being steered by something other than science. His answer would have to be one that kept Dexter primed for the mission.
“What can I help with to prep for tomorrow?” he asked.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Erica settled into her seat and fastened the belt across her lap. From the size of the crowd waiting at the gate, it didn’t look as though it was a full flight. She hoped not. The last thing she wanted was someone sitting next to her, especially since she was finding it very difficult not to keep crying.
She pulled out the in-flight magazine and started to flip through it, but it did no good. She’d tried all night to distract herself, but her thoughts understandably kept coming back to Jeff Jacobs and his ridiculous story about her existence. Between not sleeping and her eyes being consistently moist from tears, she imagined she looked terrible. She’d actually bought a pair of big, dark “Jackie O” glasses from her hotel’s gift shop to hide her eyes. Whether they worked or not she didn’t know. They made her feel a little better, though. As though she could hide.
At times overnight, she’d almost determined that she was not going to believe Jeff’s story. Almost. She tried to think of it as a scientist, as a researcher, would. There was no way that Jeff could prove that what he was saying was true. Any evidence they could’ve possibly had that would’ve indicated the history they’d described would have been lost in another reality. Which made it pointless to even give it any credence. Still, though, she couldn’t shake the concept from her mind.
Stuffing the magazine back into the pocket because even looking at the colorful recipe pictures was inadequately distracting her, she decided her best course of action would be to try to sleep. Normally, she wouldn’t even think of it before the flight took off, but she wanted to try to force herself. The closer she could get to waking up on her home turf in California, the sooner she could put Jeff Jacobs and his fantastical tales of time travel behind her. It actually worked. Though she wiped tears from her eyes a number of times, turning to the wall so that fellow travelers looking for their seats wouldn’t see her, she did ultimately fall asleep. The last thing she remembered before dozing off was the plane taxiing in reverse to head toward the runway.
She peeked quickly at the empty seat next to her. At least one thing had gone her way.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

“This bridge that we’re now crossing is called the Scudder Falls Bridge,” said Dexter. “It was named for Richard Betts Scudder, who died here a couple decades before the Revolution. His real claim to fame is that his daughter married John Hart, who was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence.”
Jeff looked up and made eye contact with Dexter in the rear-view mirror of their rented passenger van as they passed the large sign reading “Welcome to Pennsylvania.” “Seems to me having a bridge named after yourself is a claim to fame in itself,” he said.
So the trip from North Jersey along I-95 had gone – Dexter filling the team in on the historical intricacies of the route while Jeff focused on commuter traffic, Emeka pretended to be interested while listening to his I-Pod, and Abby sleeping soundly, her head leaning on a sweatshirt against the window. Jeff now knew more than he’d ever hoped he could about the Battle of Monmouth, Orson Welles’ War of the Worlds, and the origin of the town name Metuchen.
“Yes, but all he did was own the land,” Dexter said. “At that time, there was plenty of land for the taking, so owning some was no special feat. Being father-in-law to one of the 55 men who signed the Declaration? I think that’s pretty cool.”
“I have to tell you, your factoids are doing a good job of setting the mood here.”
Dexter laughed. “It’s half trying to set the mood for you, half my inability to contain my enthusiasm.”
“I can imagine.” Jeff passed a tractor trailer and settled back into the right lane. He’d guessed correctly that Dexter’s angst about time travel in general would subside as soon as they were in the car heading toward Colonial America.
“It’s different this time – before we popped in and popped out. We didn’t get a chance to see anything. This time I’m going to get to see Philadelphia in 1770. That’s incredible to me.”
“It is pretty cool.”
“Just for some perspective, about two miles north of here is where George Washington crossed the Delaware on Christmas Day in 1776. Where we’re going, that will not have happened yet.”
“Alright – now that’s deep,” Jeff said. He had been focused mainly on the details of the mission, giving little thought to where they were about to find themselves. As they headed toward modern-day Philadelphia, he took a moment to recognize that they were going to experience a time when the United States of America didn’t exist. Before the Boston Massacre and Paul Revere’s ride. Before Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration and their forefathers declared independence from the British.
They continued on I-95 through Philadelphia, where Jeff had been many times. It seemed different, though. Same buildings, same highway, same Delaware River. But there was much more to it. Like never before, he found himself considering what it had taken to get Philadelphia to look like it did right at this moment.
Traffic was understandably a little heavier through the city, but once they were out of the urban area, the highway cleaned up a little. They came to a town called Chester and took one of the exits. Jeff pulled out a slip of paper on which he’d written the directions from his visor. He memorized the next couple turns he needed to make.
“Look at the shipping and commerce,” Dexter said. “You’re going to be amazed when you see it 250 years ago. The same business will be thriving here. Chester was – and still is – logistically advantageous because barges could get this far upriver through the Delaware Bay. Almost all the way to Philadelphia. You guys are going to be amazed.”
“And you won’t be?” Jeff asked, tucking the directions back into his visor.
He heard Dexter snicker, though he was lost in his thoughts looking out the window. After a few moments, though, he said, “This is it.”
Jeff looked where he was pointing – the entrance to a cemetery – and steered the van through the main entrance. He followed a winding road for several minutes until he came to dual ornate mausoleums, and pulled the van to the side of the road. Had anyone been around to see them, they would’ve looked like some entourage exiting the vehicle, going to visit their deceased loved ones for some reason dressed as two Red Coats and two Colonial commoners. Knowing that, though, they wasted no time in preparing, huddling themselves between the two buildings. Having just driven through one of the nation’s largest cities, it was difficult to trust that they were now as isolated as they could be, but besides their view of the van there was no angle from which they could be seen.
They all grasped the time device. Using just his eyes, Jeff checked to see if everyone was ready and pressed the button.
The world blurred around them.
They were standing in a wide field. Without knowing when and where they were headed, it could’ve just as easily been any farm in eastern Pennsylvania, in any century at all. A small, wooden farmhouse sat across the field several hundred yards away, and a line of trees to the south marked what was likely the edge of the property. The farmable property, at least. To Jeff, it was a strange feeling, that he knew they were no longer in present time, but from where they stood, there was no visible evidence. No horses and buggy, no old blacksmith shops. Just the wide field.
“We’re here,” Dexter said.
Emeka laughed. “You keep saying that – ‘we’re here.’ You don’t have to be all dramatic. We know the thing works.”
“Do you know exactly where we are?” Jeff asked, more business-like.
“Well, if my maps are correct, this farm should belong to a Mister Theodore Fisher. Fisher was a Quaker and business associate of Robert Morris, of Robert Morris University fame, which is probably why he fared so well with his holdings.”
“And that’s Fisher’s house?”
“Has to be,” Dexter said.
“What are we standing in?” Abby asked. The crop was low and green, and Fisher most certainly wouldn’t have wanted to see strangers trampling it.
Dexter bent down and inspected one of the plants. “Alfalfa,” he said. “Bean sprouts.”
“Well, let’s get out of sight before anyone decides they don’t want us here,” said Jeff. “With the state of the colonies, I’m sure that waking up to see four strangers, two of them British soldiers, standing in the middle of your farm wouldn’t elicit a pleasant welcome.”
Dexter pointed to the early morning sun “Fisher would be out in the fields by now, so it’s likely he’s in some other part of the farm and not in sight.”
They heard a dog barking. “Either way,” Jeff said. “Let’s go.”
They made their way across the field, honestly making an effort not to trample Farmer Fisher’s crops, and after about ten minutes they came to a dirt road traveling east-west. The road was as desolate as the field. To the east, the direction they needed to head, it disappeared behind a hill after what appeared to be about a half-mile.
“Tour guide,” Jeff said, “I’m assuming this is our highway?”
“Yes. If we follow this road about a mile, we’ll connect to another road, which will take us to the town. That’s where we’ll get horses.”
So they started, two Red Coats and two commoners walking through farm country in rural Pennsylvania. They came upon no one in their travels until they got within a mile or so of the town. They’d worked up a story of why their particular band was together in case they needed one. The two Colonials had helped the soldiers when the horse pulling their wagon had been frightened by a snake, toppling their cart – but all they mainly received were stares, mostly of disdain. “Unrest has begun, and the call for war is coming close,” Dexter had whispered at one point. Silently, Jeff thought it was probably better if no one asked anything of them because their story wasn’t all that great.
The town of Chester was small but bustling, and clearly growing. Its location on the Delaware River, as Dexter had noted only a half-hour before, made it an epicenter for commerce in the country’s early years. Over the row of buildings, they could see the masts of shipping vessels making port. The town featured a blacksmith, a general store, and a number of pubs that would satisfy the needs of thirsty dock workers when the workday ended.
Like he’d been to 1770 Chester a hundred times, Dexter led the team directly to the first stop on their itinerary – the stables. They passed a number of uniformed British soldiers on the way, making them feel a little less out of place. King George III had implemented the Quartering Act only a few years earlier, so it was not uncommon for the soldiers to be living casually among the Colonials. Jeff was pleased that Dexter would have surmised this, which is what made it possible for them to go into this mission without having to worry about costume changes. They even received a nod ‘hello’ from one of the sentries.
The stable was owned, as Dexter had explained to them previously, by a man named Phineas Cadwallader, who greeted them at the front door of the small grey wood building next to a corral holding about a dozen horses. They could tell immediately by the look on his face that the last thing he wanted to see was two Red Coats on his doorstep. Cadwallader would go on to enlist and fight with the 103rd regiment of the Continental Army and would be killed in action at the Battle of Brandywine. Not too much was known about the details of his death, which was not unique given the bedlam of a battlefield, but it was known that he’d donated the horses in his well-established stable to the Colonials’ cause once war was declared three years from now. He was a patriot.
Well, not yet – now, he was a businessman.
“How can I help you fine gentlemen?” Cadwallader asked, not trying to hide his disdain. He was short, about five-seven, and gruff, with a wide face and strong jaw. He wore a loose shirt and pants that were older, but clearly well-kept.
“We’re in need of four mounts,” Dexter said in a British accent that Jeff hadn’t heard before. Immediately, he determined it was flawless.
Cadwallader motioned with his chin at the others. “And what’s with this band of yours?”
“The business of soldiers in the King’s Royal Army is none of yours,” Dexter said harshly. “For now, we are prepared to pay you for them. If you refuse to assist us, we are prepared to take them. Will you be of service to us?”
The man was unfazed, and spoke slowly. “Well, yes, I can help you. Wouldn’t want to affront the King, now, would I? Where will you be traveling?”
“Once again, sir, and for the last time-” Dexter was playing a condescending British soldier to a tee. Jeff hoped it wasn’t too overbearing.
Cadwallader held up his hands. “Hold on, son,” he said, intentionally not distinguishing that he was addressing a soldier. “I can’t sell you the right horse if I don’t know what you’ll be using it for.” He finished walking out the front door and past them to the side of the building. “See, this horse is a sprinter – he’s fast and will outrun just about anything chasing you. But he gets tired quickly, so if your journey’s a long one, he’s not the horse for you.” He motioned to another. “This one here is the opposite. Kind of a lumberer. He’s not going to win any races, but you can saddle him for 24 hours straight and he’ll keep going. So, in an effort to better help you, can you tell me – without divulging the highly secretive details of your journey – the type of horse you need?”
Jeff was trying not to smile openly – to the point where he couldn’t even look at Dexter, because he would’ve laughed. He liked this guy.
“Very good, sir,” Dexter said. “Fix us with four of your finest lumberers.” He gave the sarcasm right back to him.
“Four?”
“There are four of us here, are there not?”
Cadwallader looked at the two Colonials with them. They could see his wheels were turning. The fact that they were a dark-skinned man and a woman probably blew his mind, too. Their interactions with people would get easier when they got to Philadelphia and separated, but Cadwallader would have a nice topic of conversation to go with his evening ale.
He turned and opened the gate. Taking his time, he separately pulled the reins of four “lumberers,” and presented them to the group.
“Can you provide saddles, as well?” Dexter continued after inspecting the horses. He looked ridiculous doing so, but Jeff couldn’t help but think he probably did know what he was doing. The smart bastard.
“Oh, sir, I’m sorry,” Cadwallader said, suddenly with a completely different tone. “I believe I only have four saddles available – and one of them is my own.”
Dexter must’ve thought they’d screwed around enough, saying, “I’m prepared to pay you 100 Pennsylvania pounds for your service to the King. Surely that’s enough to find yourself another saddle.”
Cadwallader grunted. “Surely it is,” he said slowly, stunned. The fee was about three times what Dexter said the items should have cost. “I will draw up the saddles immediately.”
“We’ll need one musket, as well. With ammunition.” Jeff looked at Dexter, who shrugged. There was no way of knowing if Cadwallader actually had a weapon to sell, but Dexter must have thought it was worth asking.
A changed man, the stablemaster marched into the building and came out quickly with a teenage boy and four saddles. As they deftly fit them onto the horses, the boy went back inside and re-emerged carrying a musket. Cadwallader led the team to Dexter, who reached into his pocket and pulled out the priceless paper money from his personal collection. Without the emotion with which he’d put the money into his pocket, he handed it to Cadwallader. Jeff hoped that perhaps the knowledge that his money would be going to an American hero would satisfy Dexter. Especially after he’d just berated him as part of their charade.
Within a few minutes, the four of them were leaving town, the interested looks of the townspeople, and Dexter’s historical paper money behind, and were headed up another dirt road toward Philadelphia. While this road, like the other, was bordered by farmland, it was heavy with traffic – individual riders, stages. It was the commerce of the day flowing from Chester to the city where everything was taking place. They rode hurriedly, but not with such haste as to grab attention. Eventually, as they reached a higher concentration of buildings that marked their entry to Philadelphia, the traffic became thick enough that they slowed to a trot. After a short while, they were in a bustling area that appeared to be the center of town, so Emeka and Abby broke off without fanfare and disappeared down a cross street.
“Where’d that accent come from?” Jeff finally had the opportunity to ask Dexter.
“Which accent, chap?” Dexter said, laughing.
“Well, it was impressive. I hope I don’t have to do any talking. I sound as much like a British soldier as I do a KGB agent.” They rode in silence for a moment. “That must’ve been hard for you, giving up that cash. At least it sounds like you couldn’t have given it to a better man. But I know it was part of your collection.”
Dexter was silent, staring at the buildings passing by.
“Well, I just want you to know that I appreciate all you’ve done,” Jeff said. “I hope the story of doing something no one else can say they’ve experienced and being here makes up for the-”
“Right there,” Dexter said.
“What?”
“Right there.” He pointed at the building to their right, a small storefront with a sharp brown door and thick burgundy curtains inside the window. A sign hanging on a banner pole jutting out from the building read Pennsylvania Chronicle. “That’s Ben Franklin’s place.”
“It’s what?”
“It’s Benjamin Franklin’s newspaper,” Dexter said, nearly unable to contain his enthusiasm. “Wow. I’ve seen illustrations of the street here, but this is unbelievable.”
Jeff was still caught up in the sentiment of wanting to thank Dexter for his work. “You want to go in?”
“What?” Dexter turned to him excitedly, like a child whose father had just told him they were stopping for ice cream on the way home from church. He immediately caught himself, though. “No, we can’t. We shouldn’t.”
“We have time.”
“Time isn’t the only factor,” Dexter said. “We were worried about a dummy like Robert Miles figuring out that we were not from his time, and you want to take this charade to one of the most intelligent people that ever walked this planet? In British soldier uniforms? When you can’t even pull off a British accent? Not the smartest thing we could do.”
Jeff laughed. “I didn’t say it was smart. You just don’t get a chance like this very often. I suppose the odds are pretty good he’s not even in there.” He realized that Dexter had brought his horse to a stop, so he did the same.
“No, he probably is, as long as he’s in town.”
“Can you come up with a story as to why a Red Coat might drop into his place? What if I don’t go in? You just go in quickly, make a quick conversation, and leave.”
Dexter was thinking about it, but then shook his head. “No. Even if I came up with something, smart people get to be smart people by asking questions. A British soldier walks into Franklin’s office, he’s going to be pretty curious as to why.”
“I would imagine, yes, given the state of things.” Jeff was still amused. Clearly Dexter wanted to go in. He was enjoying teasing him.
“Though, I suppose I could say simply that I was ordered to check in on various offices along the street. You’re right, given the state of things and what Franklin should already know about the direction the colonies are going, he might not think it’s all that strange.”
“And what they know about Franklin,” Jeff said. “Just do it.”
Dexter was smiling now. He nodded excitedly at Jeff. “Yeah?”
Jeff waved him on his way. He really hoped that no one had heard that exchange, because they would’ve found it ludicrous – two Brits gushing over a Colonial. Especially one that probably wasn’t regarded warmly by the King. He chuckled to himself as his friend dismounted.
Only for a second, though, as the force of Dexter’s leap from the horse sent his smart phone spinning from his pocket onto the cobblestone street. As those phones are known to do, it erupted into pieces, flying in every direction.
“What the hell are you doing?” Jeff said quietly, but will all the sternness he could muster. “Why did you bring that thing?”
Dexter looked terrified. “Jeff, I didn’t mean to. I made a call before we left and I guess I just forgot I had it on me.” He scrambled and scooped up the various components, throwing them back into his coat pocket without putting it back together. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“Could you imagine what could happen if that gets into anyone’s hands?”
“I know, I know.” He climbed back onto his horse, refusing to make eye contact.
Jeff looked around the street to see if anyone was paying attention to them, but fortunately, it appeared everyone was wrapped up in their own business. He turned his attention back to Dexter. “Aren’t you going in?”
He shook his head. “No. That was a good reminder of why not.”
“Well, you’d better make sure that stays completely out of sight until we get back.”
“It will. Let’s go get this done so we can get back quickly.”
“I better not hear that thing go off.” He knew it was in pieces, but wanted the last word.
“Who’s going to call me, Paul Revere? Let me know the British are coming?”
Alright, Jeff thought, that was clever. But he wasn’t going to admit it to Dexter because he was pissed. After that diatribe about smart people, he drops modern-day technology onto the ground outside of the office of one of the smartest men on earth. That’s the last thing they needed – to get back to their present time and find out that Franklin invented the cellular telephone.
The two of them continued down the road until they reached a treed courtyard, where they dismounted and took a seat on a short stoop surrounding a small fountain. They watched people pass by for about ten minutes. Jeff took in the atmosphere – Colonials making their livelihood, some selling on the street, some carrying loads of whatever. A handful of children playing what looked like jacks on the front porch of one of the homes. A collection of British soldiers roaming the streets with little direction, but with an air of purpose.
He tried to put out of his mind that Dexter had made the dangerous mistake of bringing his phone with him, but was having trouble doing so. Especially since he was consistently saying he was deathly afraid of making changes that could have lasting consequences. Jeff had honestly been surprised when Dexter said he needed to bring a small, hand-held blowtorch with him to deal with the heavy chains he expected to be holding the jewel box, but he understood it was a means to an end. The phone had no such purpose. It would be something they specifically reviewed when they got back.
With no one paying them much attention, Dexter quickly pulled the pieces of his phone out and slapped them back together. Jeff watched him for a moment, then said, “It’s your own rule, man.”
“Jeff, I screwed up, alright? It’s going in my pocket and it won’t come out. Let it go.”
He shook his head, mostly trying to pretend it hadn’t happened. “Alright, we’re set here. What’s next?”
Dexter pointed down the block toward a row of connected gray brick buildings. “The third one down is Major Garvey’s temporary home while he’s in Philadelphia. Three days ago, he received the shipment of stones from the King, to be distributed to officers in the Royal Army. But he doesn’t have any intention of doing so – at least not yet. They’re in there waiting for us.”
“And Garvey?”
“We wait here until we see him arrive, and then we’ll approach him with our urgent message from Colonel Windermere.”
“And you’re sure he’ll invite us inside?” Jeff asked.
“Well, no, I can’t be sure. But our message demands an immediate response, so the hope is that he’ll invite us in while he writes his own message back.”
“And if he doesn’t?”
“Then Emeka’s behind the building with Plan B – break in through the basement window.”
“No, I know that,” Jeff said, still watching the people milling around as he talked. A woman walking with a small dog caught his attention – she was dressed almost identically to Abby. It was going to be difficult to hold things against Dexter given the precision with which he’d put together the operation. “What do we do if he doesn’t invite us in?”
“I suppose we wait for his response and then leave.”
“I still don’t understand why we don’t use Plan B in the first place.”
“Because it’s riskier. Someone will hear and someone will come to defend the house. That plan relies on Emeka’s skills at infiltration. This plan relies on strategy. And... Wow, I didn’t think my timing could be that good.”
Jeff looked up to see what Dexter had seen, and watched as a carriage approached the front of the third building down. Sure enough, a red coat emerged from the carriage and the man in it stood in front of the building talking with a small cadre of similarly-dressed soldiers who gathered around. The man was the tallest of the group, but in uniform there was little to discern him from the others.
Dexter patted Jeff on the leg excitedly. “C’mon, let’s go,” he said. “And don’t say anything.”
The two mounted their horses and galloped with haste toward Garvey. Within 90 seconds they were there, but the Major had already climbed the small flight of stairs and was about to go through the front door. He stopped and turned, however, when he heard the horses’ hooves slow to a stop just steps away from him. Not surprised to see two Red Coats approaching, he stood at attention awaiting their approach.
Gracefully, Dexter dismounted and hopped up the stairs, pulling a small leather satchel – also from his collection – from his pocket and extending it to Garvey. “An urgent message from Colonel Windermere, my lord.”
Garvey pulled the package from his hand, unfolded it, and took a moment to inspect it. Jeff watched his face closely to see if he gave a reaction, which he did not. He simply read the message, reflected on it for a moment, then refolded it into its pouch, never knowing the note was created on a color laser printer. He stood for another moment, thinking, then turned and reached for the doorknob.
Jeff clenched – they weren’t getting in.
But then Garvey turned to Dexter. “Follow me,” he said. Dexter, in turn, nodded to Jeff, who dismounted and followed his friend up the stairs.
They were inside, following Garvey through the house. The foyer, and what appeared to be a living room that had been transformed into an office of sorts, were lined with dark cherry, and the hard wooden floor creaked beneath their feet. A large desk was positioned across from the fireplace that was not lit, and natural morning light shined through the large front windows. An ornate red and gold carpet lined the floor, and an obnoxiously-oversized British flag hung over the mantle.
Jeff’s mind immediately went into worry mode – that they might have misjudged the likelihood that Garvey would leave the room. Not to mention that the entire plan depended upon the chest of stones being in plain sight.
Dexter nudged him and motioned with his chin toward a brown box sitting on the mantle. Jeff had no idea how he knew that was it, but he decided to believe him. He became fixated on the box to determine if there were traps or pitfalls that they hadn’t anticipated.
Garvey, meanwhile, took off his coat and draped it on the back of his chair, leaving Jeff amazed that even the navy blue long-sleeved undershirts that Dexter had outfitted them with were historically accurate. Then, he sat down at the desk, opened a drawer, and flipped through a handful of documents, not finding what he needed. If things went to plan, Garvey would head upstairs to where he kept his private records before giving up.
While Garvey searched, Jeff noticed Dexter trying to get his attention again. He motioned with his chin this time, not at the box on the mantle, but at a large chest actually sitting in the fireplace. He’d been inspecting the wrong crate. He wondered what was in the brown one.
The chest in the fireplace came with a whole new array of challenges. In addition to the foremost one – that it was chained to the floor – it appeared to be incredibly heavy. It had no handles, so it would have to be carried from underneath, probably in tandem. Jeff tried to hit the gym twice a week, but looking at the size of the chest, he knew he wasn’t going to be lifting it himself.
He looked around without being too obvious. They also needed to make sure that no one else came into the building behind them. There was a contingency for having to use some force, but of course it was not preferable. He didn’t know the protocol, but surmised that since they’d been invited in and no one else had, they were in the clear on that front for the time being.
Finally, Garvey slammed the drawer shut, muttering British expletives under his breath. “Please wait here,” he told them, then disappeared out of the room toward the rear of the house. They listened to Garvey’s footsteps as he climbed the wooden stairs.
Jeff and Dexter sprang into action – Jeff racing across through the kitchen area to the back of the house, where he threw open the porch door as quietly as possible, letting Emeka, still dressed as a Colonial, though. They tiptoed through the house back to the living room, where Dexter had his blowtorch out and had already cut through two of the four chains binding the chest to the floor.
“Quickly,” Emeka said quietly. Dexter ignored him, boring into chain number three. Jeff, paranoid, stood guard in the hallway, watching the front door for any unwanted entries and listening intently for Garvey’s returning footsteps.
Chain three fell to the floor with a clank. Too loud for comfort. Dexter started on number four.
Jeff heard heavy footsteps upstairs. Three steps, then they stopped. “Hurry up,” he whispered.
“Calm down,” Dexter said. He was surprisingly calm himself.
Boom – the fourth chain fell and Dexter was able to pull the chest out several inches to get his fingers behind it. “Here, help me,” he called back, and Emeka darted across the floor to grab one end of it.
Jeff heard the footsteps coming from upstairs.
He estimated the time it would take them to get to the back door. Even hurrying, they were going to meet Garvey halfway.
He ran down the hallway to the bottom of the stairs and looked up. Garvey had not yet appeared and Jeff didn’t want him to appear. Emeka couldn’t go out the front door, as the sentry and driver, at least, were still there. The only way out was the back, and they had to outrace the Major to get there.
Not knowing what exactly to do, Jeff called up the stairs, “Major, sir, is there anything you need from us?” It was probably the worst British accent in the history of accents, but as he could now see out of the corner of his eye Dexter and Emeka coming down the hallway with the chest, he thought an answer down the stairs might give them an indication as to how much time they had.
No answer, just footsteps.
Emeka, taking matters into his own hands, wrestled the chest away from Dexter and carried it himself the rest of the way through the kitchen and out the back door. Jeff followed him out, with Dexter right behind.
Dexter, however, stopped at the door and turned back to the inside. Abby had now joined them, and was poised with the time travel device to send them back with their mission accomplished. He looked at them, thinking for a moment, then said, “Go, now.”
Emeka threw the chest onto the grass and took a step back toward Dexter, but Jeff grabbed his arm tightly and pulled him back.
“What are you doing?” Jeff said, to either of them.
“I left the blowtorch. Go now!” Dexter said, then turned and darted back into the house.
They all shouted after him, but they heard a crash inside the house, then strong footsteps. Not just Garvey’s, but multiple people getting louder.
The rear door to the house burst open and immediately Jeff had at least four rifles pointed at him. He closed his eyes.
When he opened them, he was in a fenced backyard, the sun blaring down on him. A swing set sat near the rear of the yard next to one of those bounce-back nets that little league pitchers use when there’s no one around to play catch. A three-burner grill sat in front of sliding glass doors leading into the rear of a Philadelphia brownstone.
He looked at his hand, still clutching Emeka’s arm, and then at Abby, who was similarly holding his.
She’d saved their lives.
But none of them were attached to the chest filled with precious stones. Or to Dexter.
“Well, that couldn’t have gone more wrong,” was all he could bring himself to say.
“If we’d waited five seconds more, it would’ve,” Abby said as they detached.
“No chest,” Emeka said. “I’m sorry, Jeff. I dropped it when it looked like Dexter-”
“I don’t care about the chest! We’ve got to get him back,” Jeff said, it quickly sinking in that they’d left his best friend two hundred and fifty years in the past. He grabbed the device from Abby. “Abby, what are the coordinates? How do we get back there?”
She stepped back as Emeka snatched the device out of his hand. “Calm down,” he said.
“We’ve got to get back there! They’ll kill him!” He lunged for the device, but Emeka held him off.
“We’re going to be calm because we have a time machine here,” he said in a smooth, low voice. “We need to be smart about this, and that means taking a deep breath and doing some research.”
Alright, Jeff thought, he had a point. It didn’t really matter when they went back to get him because they could pinpoint the time. “You’re right,” he said. “You’re right. But getting Dexter is our top priority now.”
“Why wouldn’t it be?” Emeka said, a little put off at Jeff’s suggestion that he thought it wasn’t.
Jeff held up his hand. “I’m sorry, I’m just thinking out loud. Let’s get out of these people’s yard, get our van, and get back to New York. We’ve been through a lot today – we’ll get some rest and start in the morning.”
They used a wooden toy box near the side fence to climb over it easily, and walked two blocks to catch a bus back to Chester and their waiting van. Then they changed into more modern clothes, and started the trek back up I-95, now three instead of four, and all stunned into silence.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Despite already knowing they’d be undertaking a mission to rescue him, finding peace about leaving Dexter in the 1700s was an exercise in futility. As a result, not only was the ride home devoid of conversation, but several times Jeff looked down to find he’d unwittingly pushed the van’s odometer over the century mark. It was a miracle that he wasn’t flagged on the generally well-monitored Turnpike, but he figured fate must have understood they’d had a bad enough day.
Jeff pulled the van into the parking lot of the rental car shop and shut down the engine. He sat still, his hands on the steering wheel with a white-knuckled grip as though he was still gunning it in the fast lane. After a moment, he finally relaxed his shoulders.
“Abby, I never thanked you,” he said without turning. “You saved our lives, but we’ve been so preoccupied with Dexter that I forgot to say anything about it.” He could see an apprehensive smile cross her face in the rearview mirror. “That was quick thinking,” he said, continuing. “Quick thinking.”
“It’s nothing,” she said. “Let’s just make sure that my saving your life saves Dexter’s.”
He nodded. “You said it,” he said, turning now to look at them both. “You guys can go. I’ll take care of returning the van and catch up with you tomorrow.”
Abby reached forward and squeezed Jeff’s shoulder. “Don’t worry – we’ll get him. We’re getting good at this.”
He touched her hand. “I hope so.”
Emeka patted him on the shoulder as well, then they left the van headed for their own cars that were parked on the street. A moment later, they were gone.
No longer feeling responsible for the team members who were actually lucky enough to make the trip back, Jeff forced himself to spring into action. He tossed the keys into the drop box without bothering to finalize the rental paperwork, and silently slid into his own car. A quick ten minutes later, he was parallel parking in front of his house. It seemed like weeks since he’d been there, but it was really just that morning when he’d left.
He hurried up his front stairs three at a time and all but ran into the house, throwing a meatball and mozzarella Hot Pocket into the microwave and pulling a Yoo-hoo from the refrigerator. One hundred and twenty seconds later, he was perched in front of his laptop, ignoring the scalding cheese oozing into his mouth from his quick dinner and searching for anything remotely related to Dexter’s existence in Colonial times. This kind of research was not his forte, and he had little immediate luck. Nearly an hour of random Google searches passed until he stumbled on something useful. The search was “precious stones and garvey and robbery and philadelphia,” which offered one link to a Drexel University web page and then a long list of solicitations, including – “Would you like to know more about precious stones Garvey robbery Philadelphia?” and “Would you like to purchase preciousstonesGarveyrobberyPhiladelphia.com?”
He clicked on the Drexel link, which opened a 72-page dissertation done by a Dr. Rosalynn Darby, titled British Officers in the American Revolution: The Wrong Men for the Wrong Job. He used the window’s search function to look for “Garvey,” which brought him to a section about halfway through the document. He read through a couple of paragraphs about how Garvey rose to his position of prominence in Philadelphia, then found a passage of real note:

“It was about this time that Major Garvey was reported to receive a shipment of precious stones - emeralds, rubies and diamonds - from King George, to be dispersed among various field generals in the British army. Wealth was often used as a form of encouragement and reward for officers who maintained a strong command in their area of supervision. Given the restlessness of the Colonials at the time, gifts such as these were becoming more and more prevalent. Despite the fact that England was confident that any unrest would be dealt with and did not comprehend or predict that the situation would ultimately result in war, it can be argued that the King was hedging his bets, as land would most certainly be the most sought-after reward for a military job well done. If there might not be land to be had, there had to be other carrots to dangle before officers taking on the demeaning duty of babysitting Colonials thousands of miles from home.

“This particular bribe backfired, however, as Colonials impersonating British soldiers entered Garvey’s home and successfully stole the jewels. The stones’ path was never discovered. The King’s displeasure with Garvey grew when, a week later, his Market Street home burned to the ground. Garvey’s commission was revoked and he returned to England in shame. Little is known about Garvey following his return to England, though some suggest that a J. Garvey, who died in 1811 and was buried at the North Burial Ground in Providence Rhode Island, is, indeed, Major Garvey, leaving open the possibility that he returned to America following the Revolution.”

Jeff sat back in his chair. “But we weren’t successful in stealing the chest,” he said out loud. “What is she talking about?” Did Dexter somehow get away with the stones? He scrolled down the page, but it went on to talk about another British officer, so he printed the page he’d been on originally. The story was interesting – maybe only because he’d just been in Garvey’s house, he had to admit – but it really didn’t give him anything. They’d had an impromptu firing squad lined up and pointing at them, so he couldn’t imagine there was any way that Dexter had been successful in making off with the chest. And there wasn’t likely to be any write-up on him anywhere – he was some non-descript Colonial who committed a crime, and was most likely punished accordingly.
He leaned back again, covering his eyes. “C’mon, Dexter, buddy. Talk to me.” He picked up his Yoo-hoo and saw it was empty, and headed to the kitchen for another. Realizing as soon as he opened the fridge that not only had he exhausted his Yoo-hoo supply, but that he actually needed something a little stronger, he instead reached up into the cupboard and pulled out a bottle of Pinot Noir. Nothing fancy this time. Just an $8 bottle he’d picked up on one of his regular “stock-up” trips to the liquor store. He pushed aside a 2005 Georges de Latour Private Reserve that Dexter had given him to get to it. That one would be saved for his friend’s return. Seeing the bottle, he thought about Dexter using his own collection to help put these missions together. Sacrificing his own history for the opportunity to be a part of history. It was incredible of him – and selfless. And now, of course, he’d literally become a part of history.
As he poured the wine, he tried to channel Dexter – how he, himself, would approach this challenge. Somewhere among his vast collection there had to be something to point him in the right direction. Though, without a catalog of information, between his home – which he knew would be the first place the team would be heading in the morning – his office, and the collection at Columbia, that information was a needle in a haystack. He would have no way of knowing how to find anything useful.
He started back toward the living room and his computer, and stopped. Dexter’s office.
The stein.
The key.
The journal.
He needed the advice of an expert to save Dexter, and who better than to ask than the foremost expert himself? Sliding the glass back across the counter and leaving the wine open, he darted out of the room and pulled his keys off of the table. Just before he closed the front door, he heard the wine glass slip into the sink and shatter.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Jeff looked up at Dexter’s building, realizing that he hadn’t conjured a good reason for being there if anyone confronted him. Especially now that business hours were over for the day and the place was probably empty. He’d underestimated the time it would take to get into the city and find a parking spot, ultimately parking illegally on 10th. He figured the $90 ticket would be worth the expense. Once inside the building, he walked through the hallway as he’d done many times before, up the hardwood stairs and up to the second floor. He’d grabbed Dexter’s keys that he’d kept in the van when they left for the Garvey mission, but rather than go right for the door, he walked well past it to make sure he could get in without raising any suspicion. There were two people talking at the far end of the hall, but neither paid him any attention.
He sat down on a wooden bench to think, figuring that if anyone saw him they’d simply believe he was there waiting for a meeting; they’d seen him around Dexter’s office enough in the past, after all. He didn’t feel comfortable opening the door until the people, a man and a woman, left. He thought of his last visit to Dexter’s office, when he’d shown him the key and the journal, and how they’d talked about going after Robert Miles and the sack of cash. The difference in the atmosphere hit him, and his eyes opened up to the reality that danger was part of the equation, that he really had been treating the whole thing as a game. Even though he’d insisted to Dexter that was not the case. Talking about the “next mission” as though they were deciding which tight end to take with their next fantasy football draft pick now seemed incredibly irresponsible.
As his mind frustratingly wandered, he considered that the least conspicuous way into the office was to go back in time to a point where he was in the office, and then jump to the present. However, if he was going to do that, he might as well just go back and not do the Garvey job. Which raised the question of whether or not he could undo what had happened to Dexter by changing their present-day plans, or, since Dexter had been caught and presumably died 250 years earlier – meaning that it had already happened – did he literally have to go back to that time to make the correction? If he had to wager, it would’ve been on the latter.
A door to his left opened, and a young woman with curly brown hair and thin glasses stepped out, fumbling with a handful of folders and books, locking her door behind her. Instinctively, Jeff engaged her. “Excuse me, I have an appointment with Dr. Murphy,” he said. “You wouldn’t know if he’s in his office, would you? I knocked, but no answer.”
The woman shook her head no. “I’m sorry,” she said.
“Is there an administrator or someone around that I could ask?” he asked.
She wanted to leave, but was being polite. “Well, there usually is, but I think everyone’s gone.”
He tried to look confused. “Hmmm. I guess I’ll just wait here,” he said. “Thanks for your help.”
She nodded and was quickly down the hallway and into the stairwell. After the sound of her footsteps subsided, he noticed that the two people from the end of the hall had also left. He rose and approached Dexter’s door. He looked up and down the hallway, trusting the woman that everyone was, indeed, gone, and pulled Dexter’s keys from his pocket, opening the door easily.
Once inside, he quietly closed the door behind him, making his way to Abner Doubleday’s stein, where he pulled the key out from underneath it. A moment later, he had the black-and-white journal in his hand and was flipping through it. He sat in Dexter’s chair, but felt immediately uncomfortable about it, and left for the small bench below the window. The evening sun was casting a shadow into the room, so he switched on his friend’s desk lamp and adjusted its direction – it shed just enough light for to reach him.
The book was about 2/3 full, so he flipped to the last pages that contained his friend’s handwriting and began to skim. It didn’t take long for him to find what he was looking for. Just as he’d envisioned, Dexter had thought ahead. In fact, he’d put together a whole section of the journal dedicated to “In case I don’t make it...” Jeff read the intro that he’d written:

“If anyone else on the team doesn’t make it back from one of these trips, I’ll know what to do. If I don’t make it back, that’s a whole different ballgame. Below are instructions should that happen (hopefully, one of you will know enough to go looking for this journal).”

Jeff panned down and saw a section written about the Wilton job – it was XXed out in dark Sharpie marker. As was the Miles job. Each was a paragraph about where they’d be able to find Dexter if the worst had happened. In 1849, should Dexter have been injured or left behind, his plan was to run into the woods to a safe area and wait. In the Miles job, since it was in-and-out, the instructions were simple – just come back to the same spot five minutes later.
The Garvey job was a different entity, spanning a couple of pages. It was written in bulleted format, as there were a number of specific steps Dexter wanted them to follow. Jeff read:

#1. If I don’t make it back, chances are it’s because I was captured by British soldiers. If this is the case, I’ll probably be hanged within a day or two of the capture. Which likely won’t make any history books, so you might have to do some searching. Please try to come get me before that happens.

Not even a question, Jeff thought. He was coming. With Dexter’s assessment, however, they’d probably have to time travel with pinpoint accuracy – rescuing Dexter during his swift judgment and execution while not bringing any harm to themselves in the process. It was likely a very small window in which they had to operate.

#2. There’s a strong chance that this won’t work, but I am bringing my smart phone with me. I know it’s risky bringing technology from the present with us, but we have too much on the line here to go in empty-handed. I am going to plant my phone, powered off, as best as I can in my location - I’m assuming it would be the prison about three blocks from Garvey’s home. If, by some stroke of luck – or, more precisely, a miracle – the chip could last that amount of time without deteriorating, you would be able to use the GPS function to find my exact location. The phone does not need to be on.

Jeff hadn’t even finished reading by the time he’d pulled his own phone from his pocket and quickly began shuffling through his applications. He found the “Friend Finder” application he’d used to find Dexter a couple of days before and clicked on it – only to be told that his version needed to be updated.
“Dammit,” he muttered, and clicked the button to get the upgrade. A moment later, the program loaded.
A handful of thumbtack images illuminated on the screen, showing the current locations of a few friends who had the same app, as well as his own. All in the NYC metro area. He slid his thumb across the screen and the map danced southward into New Jersey. He continued to pull across the state until he hit the Pennsylvania line, then dragged further southward to Philadelphia. Two of his friends were in the City of Brotherly Love at that moment, so he highlighted the closest one. It was Tony Rich, an old college pal who he knew had followed his girlfriend to Philadelphia and, if he remembered, correctly, married her and had a fairly successful career in real estate.
Not the right guy, though, so he closed out of Tony’s location with a reminder to himself to send him an e-mail, and then clicked on the other.
Amazingly, Dexter’s photo popped up. It was his friend in a forest setting wearing a coonskin cap. He’d seen the picture a thousand times. The thumbtack icon pointed to the intersection of Third and Market Streets.
“You son of a bitch,” he said. “You figured it out.” It had worked. His friend was a genius.
And just that morning, he’d yelled at him for bringing his phone on the mission.
Just that morning.
He was so excited that he actually did a little dance in the middle of the office. He wanted to call someone to let them know how unbelievably crazy this was – that a cell phone had survived two and a half centuries buried somewhere. The people who really needed to hear it were the ones who made the phone, but he could get to that later. Abby? Emeka? His first call would normally be to Dexter - which made him focus himself and get back to the steps his friend had laid out.

#3. I don’t want you engaging in any kind of mission without background knowledge. Even if the phone trick works, you’re going to need to know what you’re walking into. There’s only one person I would trust to help you with that in my absence, and that’s that Erica girl from California. You need her to come get me. Don’t try it without her.

Jeff slumped back onto the bench and sighed deeply. The wind had left his sails. Not what he expected Dexter to say. That bridge had been badly burned, and he wasn’t sure he’d be able to rebuild it. He couldn’t imagine that Erica would be as passionate about saving Dexter as he was, so expecting that she would jump at the opportunity to engage in something that had brought her such heartache was not realistic. He glanced back down at the book.

#4. Don’t spend the Wilton $$ without me.

Underneath, Dexter had drawn a picture of the American flag, but the original flag, with the circle of stars representing the original 13 states. He’d been far more prepared for this than Jeff was. He hoped that once they rescued him, his friend would be willing to forgive him for getting him hanged. Reading that last bulletin, Jeff had to think that Dexter had had doubts about this mission in particular, and he wondered if his own rushing of the process had partially led to the disastrous outcome. He hoped it wasn’t the case, but there was nothing to be done about it now.
The mention of Erica meant that Dexter had written these pages only in the last two days. He was well aware of where the conversation, and as a result, the relationship, with Erica had gone, but still recommended that she was necessary to help him put together a rescue mission. Jeff had been trusting for a couple of years now that Dexter knew what he was talking about. He’d have to trust him again, no matter how hard following through on his instructions would be.
The rest of the journal’s pages were blank, so he put the key back under the stein and folded up the book, bringing it with him. Walking back to his car, he went into planning mode. He’d call Emeka and Abby from the car and let them know what the next steps were. For the newest member of the team, though, the phone wasn’t going to be enough.
He was going to have to make a house call.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Erica settled into her chair and took a deep breath. She’d been on camera enough times that the recording light no longer flustered her, but she did like to deliver her lines as articulately as possible the first time. Retakes were a pain. So before Cindy Kramer, who was still in makeup, arrived, she had a routine she generally went through to prep herself.
These were the studio shots, which would comprise only about six or seven minutes of the hour-long show. Erica was booked for the following weekend to go to Philadelphia to film some on-location shots at various historical buildings, then on to El Paso to finish the segments. While she preferred opportunities to film closer to home, she did enjoy the travel – there was nothing wrong with employer-financed getaways. Plus, she had a weakness for Philly cheesesteaks, and she was paid extra for going out-of-town. Over the last year, she’d put together a nice little discretionary spending account with the cash.
This show’s “mystery of history” was based on a story she’d come across at times, but was becoming one of her favorites as they put the episode together. While her forte was The West, she had a special place in her heart for the American Revolution, dating back to some of her first introductions to history in middle school. School history classes often seemed to spend significant time on the American Revolution, and hers had been no different, revisiting the history over and over again until she practically knew it by heart. It was the heroes of the time that really grabbed her – Franklin, Adams, Revere, Washington – and even at that young age, she wondered where those types of people had gone. She’d always wished she could eventually become something like them herself – admirable, if not great. Why they weren’t around anymore was the real mystery. That sentiment had set her on her path, and she wouldn’t have been sitting on the set of The Mystery of History without the thought-provoking atmosphere of Mrs. Taylor’s 7th grade history class where the Revolution had provided the backdrop for why the study of history was so engaging. Later, simple geography and her link to Joe Wilton would steer her career, but she did love the Revolutionary War and its captivating stories.
That being the case, she was enjoying this opportunity. Planning the Wilton episode and Erica’s subsequent comments had riled Connie up about exploring missing treasures from American history, and now yet another treasure was the focus of the day -- a collection of rare gemstones that had been imparted to a British officer, Major Jonathan Garvey, to be distributed as a reward to officers in the Royal Army for meritorious work. Following a robbery by two Colonials impersonating British soldiers, the stones had been lost and never resurfaced. Though Erica was familiar with the story in her own studies, she’d revisited it in recent days, and was finding the show’s newest theme, treasures unaccounted for, to be a fun departure from some of the more dire misfortunes that the show often focused on otherwise. After all, who didn’t have a little child inside their heart, ready to get excited about missing treasure?
When Cindy arrived, the cameras rolled, and she told that story while her counterpart nodded incessantly to let viewers know that she was listening. At pauses, Erica wondered if Cindy actually ever picked up any of this historical knowledge she came across while doing these shows, or if she was simply a mannequin sitting there, smiling.
Her turn to talk came again. “Some historians believe that the chest full of stones was successfully stolen from Major Garvey’s house by the intruders, who would have likely dispersed them to the Colonials in nearby neighborhoods, ultimately building at least a small amount of wealth that could’ve been used as a resource in the building war. Others believe the stones are still on the premises of the old home following the fire that occurred about a week after the robbery.” That line would be used for voice-over to accompany footage of her walking in front of the brownstone that now sat on the site. Picturing this even as she spoke, she realized she was getting good at this – maybe she’d try producing her own show at some point. “Even though the area has been excavated and rebuilt, there’s not any real record of what was in the chest, so no one’s really clear on what they should be looking for.”
“How do we know there even was a chest full of stones?” Cindy asked. Softball question. Scripted ahead of time.
“Major Garvey had sent the king a thank you letter for his generosity.” Another voice-over while the graphic of the letter, which was housed at the Smithsonian, would be shown. “Garvey thanked the King and praised him for his wisdom in doing a little bit extra for officers who were getting frustrated with the state of things in the Colonies. The letter reached London just about the time the stones were disappearing.”
“Was the King upset that the stones went missing?”
“There wasn’t too much to say,” Erica said. “One of the intruders was caught, unfortunately for him, but there’s little record of what happened to him. Likely, he was hanged. Though with the fire coming so soon afterward, things could’ve gotten lost in the shuffle, which could explain why there’s no record. Two of the British soldiers who were sentries at the Garvey home were also punished for their carelessness, particularly when during their questioning they blathered on about the thieves disappearing before their eyes. According to British military records, the soldiers were put in what was the colonial equivalent of a psychiatric center and were never heard from again. Major Garvey, himself, ultimately lost his commission, but that was more likely due to the inadequacy of his work than the robbery.”
“That’s incredible,” Cindy said. “What do you suppose that means, the thieves disappeared?”
Erica laughed at Cindy’s wide-eyed amazement, proficiently manufacturer since she already knew the program’s questions and answers. “To be honest, it probably means that they were in on the heist and couldn’t come up with anything better. There’s no way of knowing.”
Cindy sat for a moment and laughed quietly, perhaps reflecting on what Erica had said. Or, more likely, thinking about a joke that her new boyfriend, Evan, who Erica’d had to hear all about prior to filming, had made over dinner the night before. She really couldn’t tell.
Since the camera was still rolling, Erica asked, “We good?”
Cindy awoke and glanced over at Connie Rich, who nodded. “I guess we’re good,” she said.
Erica rose from the chair as Connie approached her. “That was nice and easy,” she said.
Connie handed her a small package of papers. “Here’s the script for next week. We’re going to do the shots in front of the house, then have the Independence Hall shot, and I like the idea you had of using that public park where the gallows were. That’ll be a nice touch.”
Erica nodded, flipping quickly through the pages and scanning them.
“We put those together using your notes, but take a look through them over the weekend and .pdf me with any changes you have. I’ll get you the final Alamo script together ASAP.”
Erica nodded again and Connie left. She said a quick goodbye to Cindy, then went into the studio bathroom to wash the makeup off of her face. She couldn’t stand it. She understood why it was important for on-camera work, with the lighting and all, but she didn’t want to be seen in public with it caked on her, not if she could help it. Cindy, she understood, probably didn’t mind walking around town looking like a porcelain doll. Not her, though – she tucked her hair back into its standard ponytail and pushed through the bathroom door.
She stopped short. Standing in front of her was Dr. Jeff Jacobs.
At first glance, she didn’t know quite how to feel about him being there. She was irritated because of the way he’d left things with her, him and his friend, and their games they played at everyone else’s expense. But beneath that, she was stubbornly intrigued at what they were claiming to have accomplished. While their story was not believable, over the past few days, she’d spent a good amount of time wondering why someone would craft such a fairy tale. That anyone could say that they “went back in time” and changed something. There wasn’t a practical argument you could make against them because the concept was so inane. But, as she’d thought about it, she’d also realized that every time anyone on the planet made a decision, it created one reality and left another behind; that they didn’t call it a reality, because they didn’t acknowledge it as such, didn’t defeat the fact that it had been a possibility for the true reality they faced at any moment. If – and that was an enormous if – someone could figure out how time could be manipulated, changing history would be pretty easy. In fact, actually not changing time seemed like it would be more difficult.
But the whole thing made her blood boil, so she instinctively took a defensive posture against him. Except that he didn’t look offensive right now. He wasn’t smiling like he was happy to see her. He wasn’t smug and overconfident, like he’d been that evening in his living room. His face wasn’t apologetic for rattling her world either. He was just... there. In front of her.
“Garvey stole the stones for himself,” Jeff said, without emotion.
“What?”
“I hope you don’t mind,” he said, his hands in his pocket. She only knew him slightly, but his posture seemed odd to her. It wasn’t him. “I listened in on your segment. I just wanted you to know that Major Garvey stole the stones for himself.”
“And what makes you think that?” Still on guard. The remaining crew milled around behind him, repositioning chairs and setting the backdrop for whatever the next taping was.
“Because the thieves never made off with the chest,” he said. “They escaped. But they left the stones behind.”
“And how would you...” Suddenly she realized she’d been in this conversation before. “No, you didn’t.”
Before finishing, she pushed past him and out the studio door. The hallway was bright, and she squinted as the light hit her eyes. She walked at as fast a pace as possible, past a line of posters for successful shows the local network had rolled out over the years, and her hurrying only magnified her anger, but still she heard his footsteps close behind. Finally, she stopped and turned.
“You expect me to believe that you did this?” she asked. There was no one else in the hall, but frankly, at this point, she didn’t care if anyone overheard.
“Honestly,” he said, “it doesn’t matter what you believe.”
“Doesn’t matter? Why? What gives you the right?”
“Garvey was a bad man. If anything, what we tried to do would’ve helped the Colonials’ cause.”
“Well, that’s not your responsibility. They won just fine without you, remember? Everything has happened the way it’s supposed to happen and it’s not any one person’s right to change it.”
“I know that,” he said.
“Well, then we have nothing further to talk about,” she said, and turned away from him again. She was about five feet from the door to the parking ramp. For the duration of those five steps, she was torn between saying something so awful to him that it would ensure that she would never have to see him again – though the worst she could come up with on the spot was, “I don’t ever want to see you again” – and storming through the door without another word, leaving the conversation hanging in the balance.
Decision time came as she put her hand on the door and started to push. It was Jeff that spoke, though, and he immobilized her with his words and the tone with which he said them.
“I need your help.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Jeff carefully walked back to the table carrying two mocha lattes, setting one in front of Erica, who was checking e-mail on her smart phone. He sat down across from her.
The small coffee shop was mildly busy for mid-day, about two-dozen patrons sitting throughout – some deep into their tablets or laptops, others busy in conversation. In the corner, two suited men talked too loudly about politics. Erica had chosen the place as one of her usual haunts. In fact, on their way in she’d asked Jeff to order for them because the guy behind the counter, who was kind of creepy, she said, had a crush on her. She said he’d know what she wanted, though, so Jeff just ordered two of those.
After a moment, she finished and slipped her phone in her purse. She held up her coffee and nodded a thank you to him. No smile, though. It was pretty clear that he wasn’t her favorite person.
She started. “Okay, so I saw you earlier this week, and according to you at that point, you hadn’t yet gone back to 1770. Yes?”
Jeff nodded.
“But to me, the history of you trying to steal Garvey’s jewels had already been written. I’ve known that story for years. The script for the show I was taping has been written for months. I can only assume that when you and I talked a couple of days ago – and this is going to sound really weird, but I have to say it anyway – in your recollection of history, Garvey’s stones hadn’t been stolen. Am I right in my line of thinking?”
“Yes.” Maybe he could get away with short answers and let her talk herself into helping him.
“That’s insane.”
He had to agree. It was a perspective he hadn’t considered, and would have to spend some time thinking on in the future.
She continued. “So in your mind, before you did what you did, what happened to the stones?”
He shook his head. “We don’t know. Garvey’s house burned to the ground and the stones were lost. The assumption was that Garvey kept them for himself.”
“So, the house still burned down anyway? In both realities?” She picked up a napkin and wiped a drip of coffee off the side of her cup. “Let me switch gears. I’ve been trying to figure out what could’ve made you need my help so badly that you’d fly all the way out here unannounced to find me. I’m guessing something went wrong with your little experiments.”
“You’re right.”
She pulled her coffee to her lips, but it was too hot so she placed it back on the table. “You have to understand that if you screwed something up in history, it will be near impossible to fix it. Too many things are dependent on each other.”
He sat back in his seat. “So you’re a believer now?”
“Well, I wouldn’t say that,” she said, laughing. It wasn’t a sincere laugh of humor. More along the lines of a you’d-better-get-to-your-point-soon; much as she’d asked him to wait on his plea until she had some coffee in hand, his short answers now were becoming infuriating. “I’ve come to terms with the concept that, if it were possible for historical events to change, there’d be no way that any of us could know about it. I still don’t know how I feel about the idea that you’re the driver of it, Jeff.”
“Then given that logic, does it really matter?”
“Well, sure it does. Why should you be the one who gets to determine what happens? Why should anyone? You’re assuming that you’re the only one who’s able to do this.”
He nodded, thinking, as she tried her drink again. She was right. He’d raised it with Dexter. What’s to say someone wasn’t doing the same thing around him? “True,” he said, “but then that reinforces my point. Does it really matter?”
She leaned forward. “What if terrorists got this technology? Hell, let’s take it down to the most simplistic level for you. What if your biggest rival in college got the technology and went back, stole your ideas, and put himself on your career path. You wouldn’t feel too good about it, would you?”
“I suppose I’d never know.”
“You suppose,” she said, repeating him, then taking a delicate sip. “But look, I know you didn’t fly out here to talk philosophy with me. Lay it on me. What disaster did you cause with your little invention?”
“My friend, Dexter...”
“Dr. Murphy?”
“We lost him,” he said. “Well, not actually lost him. We know exactly where he is. Or, rather, when he is.”
Her eyes widened across the table from him. “You... left him in the past?”
“We were attacked. Everything happened very quickly, but, yes, we left him in the past. He told us to, and there wasn’t any choice – if we hadn’t, none of us would have gotten back.”
“When in the past?”
“Well, Major Garvey’s time. 1770.”
Erica sat back in her chair again and glanced around the coffee shop. Jeff watched her face as she processed what he was saying. He interpreted her expressions as wonder, then anger, followed by bewilderment, and ending in a harshly judgmental laugh. “Well, you really stuck your foot in it this time, didn’t you?”
“That we did.”
“Your friend with the scar?”
Jeff shook his head. “Everyone else is fine.”
She threw her hands up in exasperation. “So you’re here to ask me to help you find him. What would possibly make you think coming to me was a good idea?” He would have to get past her scorn.
“Because Dexter told me to.”
“How?”
Jeff reached into his satchel and pulled out Dexter’s journal. He opened it to the appropriate page and handed it across the table to Erica, who took it from him, scanning his friend’s last entry, bookmarked just for her. “Dexter had been keeping a journal of our plans, in case anything went wrong. He tactically showed it to me just days before we went on this mission.”
She looked up. “Mission? Is that what you call this? Like you’re a secret agent?”
He shrugged. “Just for lack of a better term,” he said, his voice trailing off.
She continued reading. “That Erica girl,” she said out loud. “Good way to endear me to the cause.” After a moment, she shut the journal. “Did the cell phone thing work?”
“It did.” He purposefully hid a smile.
“No way.” The first time she’d seemed intrigued. Even let down her defense for a moment.
He shook his head. “I don’t know how it worked, but it did. I can ring up his exact location on Friend Finder. He’s at Market and Third Streets. Can you help?”
“While I’m very flattered that, after you insult me and blow my world apart, your friend has the confidence in me to have you ask me for help, I think I need to know a little bit more about what’s going on first.” He was pleased that at least it wasn’t a “no.”
Nodding, Jeff said, “I’ll tell you the story.”
“I’m all ears.”
“We’d planned to go after Major Garvey’s gemstones.”
“I figured.” She finally went back to her coffee as she listened. Jeff’s still sat untouched in front of him.
“So we posed as British soldiers, carrying a message to Garvey from the King.”
“What was the message?”
“It said that Colonel Windermere wanted an accounting of all Colonial land dealings within Garvey’s territory. Dexter said that Garvey would have been on top of those.”
“Well, yes,” she said. “Garvey was exceptionally hungry for land and the Colonials knew it. It was why burning down his home was such an iconic victory, though no one claimed credit for it.”
Pretty clear why Dexter would see Erica as a kindred spirit. “The gambit worked and we were invited into the house. Garvey left us alone in his study while he went upstairs to look for something. During that time, Dexter loosened the chest from its moorings and I kept watch. We got the chest free and got it outside into the patio area when Dexter all of a sudden ran back into the house. He yelled for us to leave without him, which I refused to do until a bunch of Red Coats bashed through the door with their rifles pointed at us. It was a choice of live or die, so Abby pulled the trigger on the device and we were back in the present time.”
“Abby?”
“She’s the fourth member of our team. She’s a mathematician.”
Erica sat stunned for a moment. Actually, longer than a moment. To Jeff, it was as if everything around them slowed down as she pondered what the next words out of her mouth were going to be. Finally, she looked down and shook her head. “I have so many questions right now.”
“Fire away.”
“I can’t even choose one to start with,” she said. “You haven’t been able to ascertain what happened to him?”
He shook his head no.
“Well, we know he’s dead. He was either shot on sight or hanged shortly thereafter. The British weren’t a forgiving bunch during that time period. Your friend is probably right that they would’ve held him in the prison garrison, probably the Old Stone Jail – you said Third and Market Streets, right? It should be easy enough to find out what happened to him. Though it probably won’t be pretty. Prison conditions were deplorable.”
“So you’ll help?” he asked, hopefully.
“Slow down. So you were able to engage the time... device, you called it... that quickly? On a moment’s notice, it was ready and would send you to the right place and time?” She snapped her fingers.
“Abby’s algorithms are flawless. She’s very much responsible for the success of our travels. Once we arrived in 1770, she programmed it and had it ready to go for the necessary moment’s notice.  The calculations take some time, but she has them figured out before we ever need them. If you agree to help us, you’ll obviously get to see how it works.” The table next to them had been empty until now, but a bearded man with a knit cap and an e-reader sat down, so Jeff made a mental note to keep his comments about being in 1770 a little quieter.
“And a moment later, you feel you would’ve been shot?”
“They may have actually gotten a shot off. We don’t know. Emeka and I owe our lives to Abby’s reflexes. That’s assuming we would’ve been shot on sight. At the least, they would have taken the device and made it impossible for us to return.”
“And were you successful? Did you get the chest?”
“No, we didn’t.”
“At the studio, why did you say that Garvey stole the gemstones?”
“Because he did,” he said. “The chest never left the premises. I saw it sitting there. It confused me when I first read about it after getting back, knowing we hadn’t taken them, but he must have used the story of the robbery to cash in on the jewels. He returned to England, was decommissioned, and moved back to America after the war. Where would he have gotten the money to do that?”
“You read Darby’s paper?”
He smiled. “How do you people know all this stuff?”
“What do you mean?”
“You and Dexter can just pull this stuff out of your brains.”
“Well, I don’t know how your friend studies, but I use an eidetic memory.”
“Honestly?”
“Well, close enough. That’s how I’ve been able to do well in this business – by being able to tuck some research in the back of my head and bring it out when necessary. I’m sure Dexter’s the same way.”
“Pretty impressive.”
“Actually, though, this whole thing is a great example of how you and I see history differently,” she said.
“How so?”
“Everything you just said. You read some researcher’s work and inferred that not only was she correct in her assumptions – which were, if I remember correctly, assumptions – but since Garvey came to America, it meant that he had to use the gemstones for his own purposes. You’ve been doing an awful lot of inferring.”
“But how else do you interpret history? Not everything’s spelled out for us.”
“But it is.” She shook her head, taking another sip of her coffee. “Things happened the way they were supposed to happen. The ‘why’ is not nearly as important as the ‘what.’“
“I thought the importance in learning our history is not to repeat its mistakes.”
“Is it? Is it really? Each of us makes decisions on a daily basis that affect people around us – and we never really know the scope of that. Obviously, someone like the President makes a decision and affects hundreds of millions of people, and his decisions get written about in the history books. But you, yourself, made decisions just today that affected people, and each decision you made set off another set of circumstances that have now become history. Does it make sense for us to analyze every one of those decisions, or build on them? What’s more important? That they happened or why they happened?”
“But some decisions are more important than others.”
“Sure they are,” she said. She was on a roll. He was hoping that her passion was bringing her closer to helping them, rather than further from it. “But in big and small decisions, the ‘why’ is less important than the fact that the decision was made. Second-guessing history is a waste of time. ‘What if?’ Who cares? Does it matter why Lincoln went to the theatre that night? Not really – it just matters that he went and that Booth shot him. Does it matter why you decided to rush out of the house one day without brushing your teeth and just happened to meet the girl of your dreams when you weren’t ready to, or does it just matter that it happened? It’s not our place to guess what someone’s motives were when they made their mark on history.”
“Brushing my teeth?” Jeff frowned at her analogy; she was too much like Dexter.
She laughed in spite of herself. “It’s the most trivial daily decision I can think of,” she said, which made him laugh, too. “Just about the only time the ‘why’ matters is when you’re screwing around with time travel.”
He sighed. “I guess I see your point... But, Erica, it doesn’t change my question. Will you help me get my friend back?” He felt like a used car salesman continuously dragging her back to the buying decision. It seemed to work better for them.
Erica shook her head back and forth while processing something, then finally spoke. “I can’t promise anything,” she said. “The cell phone thing helps. In fact, it tells us that he wasn’t shot on sight in Garvey’s house, so there would be a window of opportunity. But there are a lot of variables in play that could really confuse things. I don’t want you to think this would be an easy rescue.”
“Believe me, I wouldn’t.”
Without a word, she picked up her purse and started digging through it, ultimately producing a pen. “Let’s do this,” she said, pulling a napkin from the dispenser on the table and writing an address on it. “Meet me at my office tomorrow morning at 9:30 – assuming you’re not flying back right away. I need to digest all of this without you right in my face. Let me see what I can come up with and we’ll talk in the morning when I can have some research capabilities in front of me. That work?”
“Anything you need,” he said, taking the napkin from her. “Honestly, I’m grateful that you’re even talking to me. I know I put you out.” He was sincere. He liked her, and was sad to have hurt her.
“Don’t be self-defeating,” she said. “If I can figure this out, that’ll be two things you have to make up to me.”
Erica stood and marched out of the coffee shop, leaving Jeff alone with a still full cup of coffee. For the moment, he felt as though he’d accomplished what he’d gone there to do, but her last comments about not expecting an easy rescue hung in the air behind her. Up until these last few days since they’d left Dexter behind, he’d had a feeling of omnipotence, that his invention gave him the power to do pretty much whatever he’d pleased. But she was right. There were no guarantees. The truth was that his friend was dead right now, and that it was in large part his fault. Worse, he was dead and gone in a way that there would be no mechanism to remember him, to honorably send him off and give his friends and family the opportunity to properly mourn him. And unless they could pull off a near impossible feat, he would stay that way. Jeff had needed someone to put it in perspective for him, and even though Erica’s involvement made him feel a step closer to getting things back to normal, everything suddenly seemed a little bleaker.
He glanced down at the napkin. “Stanford?” He said out loud, drawing a look from his bearded neighbor. He thought Stanford was something like an hour away. She was going to make him work to get her answer.
Leaving his cup on the table, Jeff left the coffee shop to find somewhere to stay for the night.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The last time she’d seen Jeff Jacobs, it hadn’t ended well. It hadn’t started particularly well either, but it definitely hadn’t ended well. While today’s meeting had left Erica with an awful lot of questions, it felt more promising. Well, by comparison.
While it had been almost painful to see him standing in front of her in the studio, at the same time it had been a welcome surprise. As much as she loathed the idea, she was fascinated with his ridiculous story. As a result, she felt a connection with him. Maybe it was just to learn more about what he was up to, but the link between them was impossible to ignore. Even if everything was a charade, why he would single her out was intriguing in itself.
On the ride to the coffee shop, the flurry of emotions that had carried her home from New York just a few days before had rushed back. She, of course, being an academic, did her best to suppress the emotion in order to think things through more clearly. What she came up with was that, if Jeff was indeed telling the truth, in that he had actually created a time travel device which he could use to go back in history and change events, it really didn’t matter what he’d done to date. Mainly because what was done was done. There was no second-guessing at this point. History had been made, and just like the historians who question what would’ve happened if the U.S. Navy had sniffed out the kamikaze attack on Pearl Harbor a day before, or Kennedy had canceled his trip to Dallas, it really didn’t matter because things transpired the way they did, and now we have that history in our record books, not some other. Jeff had said pretty much the same thing, but she was not going to admit to him that they were in agreement.
What was critical was that he didn’t do anything like it again.
It was that ideal, developed on the short drive from the studio, that had spurred her to get involved. She’d read it in Jeff’s eyes that day at his house – he was not intending to stop. Like any scientist hell bent on discovery, he was going to keep pushing the envelope to see what greater accomplishments he could achieve. Then, there was the way he talked at the coffee shop. His friend being marooned in Colonial times was merely a speed bump for him, disturbing as it was. To her, it was a good bet that if they were somehow successful in rescuing Dexter Murphy, Jeff would even try to persuade him to keep going. The only way for her to prevent that from happening was for her to stay close to him.
Which meant helping him rescue his friend, and working to make sure that this was the last trip. Realistically, she didn’t believe the rescue could be done. Using the same logic of what’s done is done, there just didn’t seem to be a way for them to go back and put Humpty-Dumpty back together again. Because there wasn’t any such thing as “back together.” History had been written the way that had led them to that moment. End of story. Trying to change history “back” in her mind was probably even more dangerous than what Jeff did in the first place. But, if it was a means to an end – the end being putting the entire time travel thing to rest - and by involving herself she could have some control over the details, she felt she didn’t have a choice but to engage. Almost as if she owed it to history; at the least, she’d decided she owed it to her own history to find out whether Jeff was telling the truth, or if the whole thing was a magnificently constructed charade for fulfill some darker purpose.
As she walked among a mixed crowd of business people and tourists, she dug in her purse for her cell phone. She tabbed through the phone book while trying to walk a straight line, which proved to be impossible on the busy street. Instead, she finally ducked inside the entrance way of a tucked-in-the-wall sushi restaurant that she made note of to check out some time. Able to focus, she scrolled through the listings on her phone until she found the number she wanted and dialed.
A ringback tone played into her ear, and she immediately recognized it as the “Brickmaker March,” a fife-and-drum favorite of American Revolution buffs. She found herself humming along when the other end of the line clicked alive. “Hello?”
“Rosalynn?”
An elderly Southern woman’s voice came through the line. “Yes?”
“Rosalynn, it’s Erica Danforth.”
She could hear a smile on the other end of the line. “Erica Danforth. I haven’t heard that name in a long time, but I have to admit that I thought of you recently. When those two young fellows were on the news saying they found the gold from the Wilton heist. Were you a part of that, at all?”
“I’ve met with them, yes,” she said as she spun and covered her left ear to drown out the sound of a MUNI bus passing by.
“Were they legitimate?”
“I can’t argue otherwise.”
“Well, that’s got to make you happy,” she said. When they’d known each other, studying parallel tracks for a semester at Stanford, Erica had found Rosalynn Darby to be a sweet woman, always encouraging to the younger students. Rosalynn had returned to school to study history after a successful career in finance – Market President for one of the larger banks in the Southeast, she’d explained in her high-pitched drawl, as if that position alone explained her return to academia. Erica did think that her research and her theories were a little misguided, but she was a fountain of knowledge in regards to the American Revolution.
“It does, yes,” she said.
“So to what do I owe the pleasure of this call?” she asked. Erica pinpointed her accent as she listened to her voice to remember exactly where Rosalynn called home. Charleston, she remembered.
“I was wondering if I might pick your brain,” she said as another bus went by. “I’m sorry for the noise – I’m standing on a pretty busy street.”
“Oh, this must be good,” Rosalynn said. “A person doesn’t call a historian from the sidewalk that often.”
Erica laughed. “That’s true, but I need some information fairly quickly, and I know you’re the person that’s in the best position to have it.”
“Fire away.”
As two young men who may or may not have been a couple exited the restaurant, the smell of tempura wafting from inside the restaurant hit Erica’s nose, which distracted her for a moment. “My question is about Major Jonathan Garvey and the attempted robbery of King George’s jewels.”
“One of my favorites.” Erica could picture her sitting in a trellised garden enjoying her evening tea as she took the phone call.
“The gentleman who was captured in the raid... Do you know if his fate was documented anywhere?”
“I believe he was hanged.”
“Any idea when and where? More importantly, would there be any way of knowing where he was held until he was hanged?”
“Well, I’d have to look it up in my research, but I would imagine the Old Stone Jail. Can I put you on hold for a moment and I’ll check?”
“Certainly.”
She heard the phone placed on the table – it sounded like glass, in a way confirming her guess of Rosalynn’s whereabouts. Maybe she’d interrupted her doing the daily crossword or reading the newly released biography of George Washington that Erica had bought and hadn’t opened yet. In a way, it seemed like a nice goal for her in her life to end up like Rosalynn Darby.
Another bus went by, so while she waited Erica darted back into the crowd to find a quieter place to talk. Five minutes went by, so she simply kept walking until she came to a neighborhood park, one she’d walked past many times without stopping. She grabbed an empty bench and waited another few minutes until she heard footsteps and then a shuffle of the phone as Rosalynn returned.
“I’m sorry,” she said, “that took longer than I’d anticipated it would. I’m not quite as quick as I used to be.”
Erica thought it probably had been eight or ten years since they’d talked; she appreciated that the woman was willing to take this time for her at all, without any notice. “That’s not a problem.”
“Well, there doesn’t appear to be much written about the gentleman,” she said. “We can assume, like I said, that when he was captured he was taken to the Old Stone Jail, simply because that’s where many prisoners were taken.” Erica hated assumptions even more now that she was trying to pinpoint something specific. “But that was a place where many didn’t survive, so there’s no guarantee what happened to him once he was in. However, a brief entry in the Pennsylvania Journal four days later spoke of three men being hanged, one of whom was accused of impersonating a British soldier. Other records show this was the tactic of the man attempting to gain entry into Major Garvey’s home. Is it the same man? That’s difficult to say. But there does seem to be a strong chance they’re the same, considering the time frame. Why do you ask?”
“I’m doing a piece on the Garvey robbery for the show,” she said, knowing full well that the mention of air time would get an offer from the other end of the line to participate. “The question came up while we were taping, and I thought it would be helpful to have the information.” She braced herself.
“Oh, that will be great,” Rosalynn said. “You’ll have to let me know when it airs. I’d love to come out and film with you, but I’m afraid I don’t travel that well anymore.”
Dodged that bullet, Erica thought. “I’ll make sure to let you know. Do your records say where the hanging took place?”
“Hold on... The Commons. Just like all the others.”
So, if their theory was right, despite how nervous it made her to think about doing this based on theories, there were three possible points of extraction, places where they knew that Dexter would be – at Garvey’s house, where they had certainty of his whereabouts, but a messy environment; the prison, among a host of other prisoners; or actually at the hanging.
“Rosalynn, that’s wonderful,” she said. “You’re a huge help.”
“There’s one more thing here,” she said, pausing. “I’m sorry, honey, I’m having trouble making out my own writing. Looks like ‘fire,’ then, it must be ‘Market Street, 1834.” Through the phone, Erica heard her flipping through pages. Maybe the thump of her opening a new binder. “Oh, here we go,” she said. “Yes, an office of records on Market Street was destroyed in a fire in 1834. It’s possible that some of the documentation you’re looking for is gone.”
“Do you think they would’ve kept detailed records on people that were hanged prior to the Revolution?”
“Well, you have to assume” – again with the assuming – “that, given the unrest, the British would’ve wanted everything documented to back up their actions to London. The fact that the newspaper knew that the man was hanged for impersonating a British soldier would lead you to believe that there was a resource from which the paper received that information. Though it doesn’t offer a name.”
“I wonder,” Erica said, thinking. “Look, Rosalynn, I want to thank you. This has been a tremendous help.”
“Glad I could help, honey.”
“We have to catch up some time when I’m out East. You know, I dialed your area code, but I don’t even know where you are now. Is that still Charleston?”
“No, I’m in Savannah now. Charleston was a long time ago.”
“Well, next time I’m in Georgia, I’m going to look you up. Is that okay?”
“I’d love it, dear.”
“And how’s your daughter?” she asked, remembering that last time they’d spoken Rosalynn’s daughter – Elizabeth, the name suddenly came to her – was headed off to college. They’d never met, but she remembered Rosalynn talking about her incessantly.
“Oh, Lizzy’s doing great,” she said. “Thanks for asking. She’s living in my favorite city, Philadelphia, so I try to get up there at least once a year. That’s about all the traveling I do now, though. I’m happy here in my garden.”
“Sounds nice,” she said. “I’m very happy for you. Rosalynn, thank you again for your help, and your time.”
“My pleasure,” she said. They gave their goodbyes and ended the call. Erica reminded herself to make sure she followed through on that offer, and let her know about the Garvey episode’s airing date, as well. She did like the woman.
The phone put aside, she picked up her purse from off of the bench next to her and swiftly walked the four blocks to her apartment. Once there, she poured a glass of wine, heated up some leftover lo mein from a cardboard container, and sat down in front of her computer.
In order to put history back the way it was supposed to be, she had some planning to do.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

After checking into his hotel, tossing his overnight bag across the room, and sprawling on the closest of the two queen beds, Jeff regretted two things: (1) not inviting Erica to dinner, and (2) not getting her phone number.
The first was less about spending time with her specifically than it was about spending time with anyone. At least that’s what he was telling himself. While he knew that from a scientific standpoint his time travel invention made it so that there really was no rush to get to Dexter, he was having a hard time wrapping his mind around that concept. Now that he’d set things in motion, he was getting antsy. And even though he would’ve liked more than anything to clear his mind of it, he couldn’t think about anything else. He thought about seeing a movie as a distraction, but even then it felt crass of him to do something to occupy himself with anything but a rescue attempt. As if he deserved to have his mind tormented with worry. Dinner with Erica would’ve at least given him an outlet – while at the same time not sparing him outright.
If he couldn’t get her for dinner, he would’ve liked at least to have a way to contact her. He knew, of course, that he could research and find it, but it bothered him that she hadn’t offered her number even more than that he didn’t have access to her.  In her position, wouldn’t she want to have access to the man she might be working with, to the man who’d had such a profound effect on her life?  He was sure he would have.
Either way, Jeff lay on the bed staring at the ceiling. It reminded him of when he was young, when he would sit on his bed daydreaming. He thought adults didn’t spend enough time lying around and staring at ceilings. Probably not enough time daydreaming, either. Too many problems to solve. Too many things to get done. Of course, in his case he’d created his own problems, but that was neither here nor there.
His conversation with Erica hadn’t ended with an affirmative, so he wasn’t quite sure what she’d be spending her evening doing before meeting with him in the morning. He imagined that she’d do some preliminary digging of her own to see if she could get any leads on Dexter’s whereabouts in 1770, and if she could pinpoint anything she might be more apt to join him. He hoped that’s what occupied her. That’s if she was truly able to overcome her skepticism altogether, which he was pretty certain she hadn’t. Not yet.
The bigger question for him, though, was what if she didn’t find anything? He couldn’t imagine that they’d kept detailed records for every prisoner that went to the gallows in Colonial times, much less that any records would’ve been preserved for two centuries. The odds were really against her coming across anything useful. Which left him where? Without Erica, he’d be flying blind. Not going back to get Dexter was no option, so without her help he’d be hurling himself into a treacherous and potentially – if not likely – deadly situation. While it didn’t seem enticing, lying there on the bed, he told himself that he had to come to grips with the possibility that he might have to go it alone. Emeka and Abby would likely jump to the cause, but he was hesitant to bring them into it without someone knowledgeable to guide them. Plus, if he honestly didn’t want to do anything to change history, keeping Emeka away from any conflict was probably the safest bet. Threatened, Jeff wouldn’t put it past him to kick off the Revolutionary War himself.
He thought that was an angle that he could use with Erica if she came back in the morning with a negative answer – that he was going anyway, and that he could really use at least a send-off in the right direction. She didn’t seem like someone who would let him wander haphazardly through time, off to his death. Though, after what he’d done, it was quite possible that she wouldn’t be too heartbroken if he ended up on the end of a British bayonet.
Taking a deep breath, he got up from the bed and strolled to the room’s window, overlooking the bay. While he did chastise himself for trying to get Dexter out of his mind, he hadn’t been reluctant to check himself into one of San Francisco’s nicer hotels – and a nice room in that hotel. People who had gold stashed at Christie’s ready for auction didn’t stay in a roadside motel just because they’d egotistically trapped their friend in the 18th century.
The view was beautiful. He couldn’t see the sun setting behind him, but it reflected off the water, the Bay Bridge, and Oakland on the other side of the water. The view made him think of Joe Wilton, what he would’ve thought the first time he laid eyes on it. Especially having come so far. He snickered at his own inconvenience of having to get to the airport two hours before departure, and the extra ten minutes it took to get frisked and take off his shoes. For Wilton, his trip took months through untrodden and dangerous mountain paths. This place must’ve looked like pure heaven to him by the time he got here. No skyscrapers – just open land with small settlements of gold miners, peddlers and homesteaders. No Bay Bridge, no Golden Gate, no Alcatraz – well, the island was there, but not the prison. It was amazing. If they figured out how to use his time travel device to observe and not change history, he had to think that Wilton’s time would be one of the first he’d like to experience.
Staring out the window, he lost himself in his recollections, trying to remember the exact moment that he became a history nerd. Not that he had reached Dexter and Erica’s level, but three years ago the idea that he’d be standing in that hotel room thinking about how cool it would be to be alive during the Gold Rush was inconceivable. It was never anything that remotely interested him. In fact, it was only when his successful experiments made history his playground that he started to pay attention.
He thought back to his early work – sending tiny objects back five minutes in time. Until he worked up the nerve to actually experiment on himself, that was about the scope of what he could do. There was no sending anything back 100 years because he’d have no way to determine if it was working. But each experiment he tried came through the way he expected until, ultimately, it became pointless to repeat them. The only way to truly test his technology was to witness it himself.
Of course, the challenge was that the objects he was sending back in time were contained within the small particle accelerator. Obviously, a human couldn’t fit into the chamber, and even if he could, he’d have no way to get back. His solution was to turn the accelerator inside out using electromagnets expensive enough to require a federal stimulus grant to pay for them, so that anything touching it would have the same effect as if it were inside the chamber.
His theories proved to be correct. That first experiment on himself was unnerving, but he pushed the button and sent himself an hour back in time. He’d almost passed out from the vertigo it caused, but it might also have been his elation. With one success under his belt, he tried another – a week. Then a month.
Through the trials, he learned that his calculations were precise enough that he could pinpoint any moment in history and go there. Which was only part of the equation when he started to take into account not only time, but place and atmosphere. At that point, he knew he would need a professional to guide him, but the lack of one didn’t stop him from looking through history on his own to find a destination that interested him. Being a baseball fan, he started there.
Completely lost in thought, he barely noticed that his cell phone was ringing. He picked it up from off the bed where he’d tossed it and inspected the number. It was a 202 area code, which meant the Smithsonian. They’d actually left him a message while he was in-flight to California earlier in the day, but he didn’t want to deal with that right now. He needed to stay focused on Dexter. There would be time to make the arrangements with the Wilton gold. He silenced the phone and set it on the nightstand.
A moment later, it rang again. This time it was Emeka, so he answered.
“They keep calling,” he said after they exchanged greetings. “I haven’t answered, but eventually I’m going to have to.”
“Yeah, they’ve called me too. Divide and conquer.” He sat down in the recliner and put his feet up.
“What’s our move?”
“Nothing yet. We’ve got to get Dexter back first.”
“How’s that going? Is she pissed?”
“Not as much as you’d think.”
“Will she do it?”
“I don’t know yet. Let’s put the Smithsonian guy off for another day at least. I’m assuming the guy at Christie’s probably wants us to take as long as possible to decide because that would mean we’re struggling with the decision.”
“Probably true. But he said we could only keep the gold there for 48 hours.”
“I really don’t think he’s going to make us move it. Not when his offer is still an option.”
“Alright. You’re the boss,” Emeka said, then they hung up.
He was probably right - they would need to move on the gold sooner rather than later. But if Erica was somehow amenable to joining their effort to rescue Dexter, he wanted to get to work as quickly as possible.
Feeling a little lonely and a little jittery, Jeff decided he could use a something to drink to calm his nerves. He thought he’d seen a poster in the elevator highlighting a bar on the top floor of the hotel, so he grabbed his room key and headed upstairs, hoping there would be some decent people-watching opportunities.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

As it often did, Jeff’s enthusiasm got the best of him and he arrived at Erica’s building a half-hour before she’d asked him to be there. In his defense, he had no way of judging the traffic time from San Francisco to Stanford, though.
Still treading lightly with her, he didn’t want to come across as overanxious, and found a coffee kiosk in the lobby instead of going right to her office. He bought a cup, poured some hazelnut flavoring into it, and grabbed a short, soft orange chair to the side of the room, out of the traffic flow. If she happened to wander through the lobby, she didn’t need to see him sitting there early. He had to be cool and collected.
To pass the time he flipped through a student newspaper that was sitting on a small table next to him. It brought back some memories of being in college himself, reading what was important to the students and, as a result, the editors and writers of the paper. He was amazed at how much things changed when you got out into the “real world.” As he read a letter to the editor about the pieces of sashimi served in the commissary being too small, he thought back to his own priorities as an undergrad. He had to admit that he’d abhorred being slighted on his tuna. Like the author of the letter, a “Charles Baker,” portions were important to him. If only that were the worst of his worries now, he thought, and laughed to himself.
When he noticed his paper cup was empty, Jeff pulled his phone from his pocket and clicked it on for the time. He was now only ten minutes early, which seemed acceptable. He tossed the cup into a nearby trash can and headed up a flight of stairs to the second floor, where Erica’s napkin had indicated her office would be. Sure enough, halfway down the hall he found a door with her name on it. “Dr. Erica Danforth – History.”
The door was slightly open, so he knocked softly and pushed against it. “Hello?” he asked.
“Hello,” he heard Erica say from the next room over. “C’mon in.”
Jeff opened the door all the way and entered the office. As he’d guessed upon hearing Erica’s voice, it was two rooms, the first a reception area lined half with books and half with historical artifacts. It reminded him automatically of Dexter’s living room, only with a different theme. This was all Western stuff – rifles, hats, Western wear. The first thing he thought was how wonderfully she and Dexter would get along if they’d met under the right circumstances. A window looked out onto the campus quad, the morning sun shining in.
Erica hadn’t come out, so he poked his head into the second room, which was her office. She sat behind an old wooden desk, her head down, writing. While the main room had been riddled with history, this room was much more workmanlike. The desk, a lamp, and bare walls except for a framed proclamation. Jeff was too far away to see what it was for, but he could see it was issued in the state of California and signed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He stood in the doorway for a moment until she looked up. “Sorry,” she said, motioning him to the visitor’s chair, which he took. She pointed to the papers on her desk. “Have to do the real job, too,” she said.
He smiled. “What’d you have to do to get a two-room office?” he asked.
“Television,” she said. “No matter what you’re doing, if you put your mug on TV you step into a higher echelon.”
“Honestly?”
She laughed, nodding her head. “Yep. I had what I would describe as a little cubby on the other side of campus until I started doing The Mystery of History. Suddenly, they ‘worked it out’ for me to have a better space overlooking the quad.” She finger-quoted “worked it out” and motioned with her thumb toward the quad. Jeff liked her mannerisms and sarcasm. They were comforting, and he hoped her openness and humor were positive indicators of her willingness to work with him.
“That’s great,” he said. “Maybe if you’re able to help me with my little dilemma, you’ll get your own suite.”
“Not likely,” she said. “But since you’ve brought it up, let’s get to it.”
He nodded.
“Before we get into details, though, I have a question for you that’s been plaguing me all night. You build this fantastic device – a time transporter of some sort – that allows you to go back and forth in time to visit the great eras in our nation’s history.”
“Technically, any history,” he said.
“Right – any history anywhere in the world, any time.”
Jeff nodded.
“So after accomplishing that, given that precious gift that no one before has ever experienced, the only thing you can think to do with it is go back and rob people?”
He laughed. “Well, when you put it that way...”
“I honestly can’t think of any other way to put it,” she said. Her eyes were serious, a far cry from the playfulness she’d been showing a moment ago.
“I guess it was opportunity. And a little bit of adventure. There was only so much to do. You can’t go back and find yourself and make changes. You can’t really observe history without interacting with it. So, we found some instances in history where there were questionable things happening, and we were able to usurp them.” It was a terrible explanation, but it wasn’t a question he was prepared to answer for her at this point.
“Opportunity and adventure,” she repeated, unimpressed. “How did you come up with your targets? Dexter?”
He nodded, trying to probe whether she really wanted explanation from him or if she was building up to something. “Pretty much. I’d never even heard of Joe Wilton until a couple months ago. What we looked for were opportunities that had been well-documented, with some degree of reliability.”
“What does that mean – ‘degree of reliability’?”
“Dexter laid down some ground rules, the foremost of which is that there can’t be anything supernatural involved.”
“Supernatural?” She literally leaned forward as she said it, indicating to Jeff that she needed more information on that one.
“Yeah, like... Take Joseph Smith. We would never mess with Joseph Smith. Anybody who said they saw angels, the devil, used voodoo, cursed treasure. If you can’t trust the account, there’s no way of knowing what we’d be walking into.”
“I guess that makes sense.”
“Well, if I’d known I could’ve just watched your show for ideas... The big thing to remember is that Wilton’s gold went missing and was never seen again. Miles’ money was stolen. Garvey’s jewels were lost in the fire. We weren’t changing fortunes. We were simply intercepting fate.” He’d just come up with that one, and kind of liked it.
She didn’t, though. “If that helps you sleep at night.”
Erica stood and walked around her desk, sitting on it. It was a classic show of superiority in the conversation, and given that he needed something from her, he was willing to go along with it. In fact, in his mind her body language indicated that she was going to say yes. He kept himself from smiling at his ability to read her. Though, the move around the desk led him to believe there might be strings attached.
“Alright, here’s my deal,” she said with a new tone – probably the tone she used when she was assigning mid-term papers to her class. “I don’t one hundred percent believe that you can do what you say you can do, or, frankly, that your friend got stuck in the past. But I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt and have you show me. If you can prove to me that you can travel through time safely, I’ll help you rescue your friend.”
He leaned forward. “How would you like me to prove it to you?”
“I want you to take me to 1831.”
Didn’t ring a bell. “1831? What’s that?”
“In Philadelphia, there was a records depot that burned down in 1834. I believe that building held documents related to Dexter’s death.”
“How would you know that?”
“I have my sources,” she said.
“Another place burned down?” he asked, almost amused at the irony. She didn’t share it. “So, you want me to take you to that records place before it burns down? That’s not a problem. Then, if that is proof enough for you that the technology works, we come back here, get Emeka and Abby - who you haven’t met yet – and go to 1770 to get Dexter?”
“Yes, and it’s actually a dual-purpose trip,” she said more quietly. “Besides proving to me that you can do this without hurling us into a tenuous situation, I’m also not completely comfortable with the details on Dexter’s whereabouts. It makes me nervous to think that he may have been held in the Old Stone Jail. I’d want more information, and I think we can find it in those records.”
“I’m agreeable to everything you just said,” he said, thinking that what she was offering was even easier than he’d anticipated. A trial run would make her more comfortable and he wouldn’t be worried about her anxiety over the trip in addition to the need to find Dexter. “When do we leave?”
She asked for a day to get period clothes together, and she’d meet him in Philadelphia. He tried not to read into how she’d become so agreeable, as he’d been assuming he’d have to make a much stronger pitch. Whatever her motivation, though, he left the office extremely pleased that his team had grown by one. Apparently, enticing historians with a trip back in time was a far more powerful motivation than treasure or fame.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

The door to the ladies’ room opened and Jeff watched as Erica emerged. There were a handful of people around but no one was really paying attention, so there were no long looks at the 19th century woman making her way across the park toward him. She had on a homey green dress that was cinched at the waist over top of a white turtleneck with a small white bonnet.
“What do you think?” she asked.
He laughed. “It’s very becoming.”
“I’ve always wanted to dress like this for something other than a reenactment,” she said. “There’s something to be said for the simple life.”
“It hardly looks simple. You look like you’ve got about twelve layers of clothes on.”
She laughed. “Well, it’s simple as far as not having to make any decisions about what to wear each day.”
“If you say so.”
“I’m just a prop anyway. You’re the one that has to do the heavy lifting.”
“I’m not much of a role player.”
“Well, you don’t have a choice. As a man, you’ll be able to get away with things that I won’t. I’ve done all the homework. This is your ballgame now. Now go get dressed.”
Jeff obeyed, sneaking in and out of the men’s room. He wore a loose blue shirt, dungarees and what he would describe as a farmer’s hat. He had soft brown boots that he couldn’t imagine would hold up through any day’s labor, but Erica had insisted they were historically accurate. He’d be playing the part of a trader making his way up the East Coast.
Walking up to Erica, he held his bag open for her so she could toss her 21st century clothes in, then he ran to the car and put the bag inside.
Jeff had to admit that Erica was actually right – his new outfit was simple and comfortable. Strangely, their full garb that was perfectly natural in 1831 also seemed natural for standing in the middle of Schuylkill River Park. In Philadelphia, he guessed that their outfits were commonplace, as they still weren’t getting looks from anyone. With reenactments and the daily historical tourism, there were probably enough people in the area for whom this was their daily work attire anyway.
What could get noticed, though, was when these two early Americans disappeared into thin air, so as Jeff reached Erica she fell into step with him to move toward their rendezvous point in an isolated corner of the park.
“You’re sure this was just an open plot of land in the 1830s?”
She nodded as they walked. “Yes. Why, what happens if we zap into a place where there is something?”
“Well, nothing, really.”
“So if we go somewhere where there’s a wall standing there, there won’t be any issues. What, do we just move to the side?”
“No, that’s not it,” he said. “Technically, nothing will happen to us. See we’re not ‘going’ anywhere. It’s actually time that’s changing around us. So if we time travel and we end up standing where there’s a wall or a tree or a rock, we win.”
“What do you mean, we win?” She actually stopped to ask that question.
He turned to face her. “Meaning, we will displace whatever’s there. We have the right to that space.”
He could tell this was either confusing her or he wasn’t explaining it properly. “What if it’s like half of a tree?”
“That’s why we want to make sure we get it right. I’m sure neither of us want to be stuck in a tree, or some other immovable object.”
She turned and continued walking. “Doesn’t that seem a little risky to you?”
“That’s why you’re here to walk us through it.”
She sighed. “No pressure, huh?”
He laughed for her. More of a fake laugh, mainly to calm her nerves. He’d given lots of thought to her question, and his experiments had led him to believe exactly what he was telling her. Still - if they could avoid any problems... “We haven’t had an issue yet.”
“Always a first time.”
As they continued across the park, the crowd thinned until they reached a place where they were alone. Jeff started to say something about it being a great place to make out, but closed his mouth before speaking. Way too many dynamics at play for even a simple joke like that. Instead, he asked, “So this is the spot?”
“According to the map, yes,” she said, checking the landscape for onlookers.
“Well, let’s do this before we attract anyone’s attention,” Jeff said, pulling the time device from his pocket.
“Don’t worry, we’re in the clear. Nobody’s watching,” Erica said, then, “This’d be a great place to come make out.”
He laughed. Though he was immediately irritated that she’d had the courage to say what he hadn’t, and appeared more open-minded than he’d realized about how informal their relationship was. Plus, she was funnier than him. “You’ve got all the calculations?”
She pointed to her head without speaking. She had a look on her face like a sprinter in the starting block waiting for the gun, building the adrenaline and getting ready to go for it. He liked it. He found himself hoping that she would enjoy what she was about to experience – kind of the feeling he got when he would watch a movie he’d already seen with someone who hadn’t. She was his responsibility now.
“I wrote them down on my arm, too,” he said, pulling up his sleeve and showing her two lines of numbers. One was for 1831 and the other was to get back to their present time. He’d shown her these numbers on the ride down and she must’ve memorized them. Which seemed unbelievably impressive. There were a lot of numbers to remember.
She shook her head. “Well, let’s hope I don’t get amnesia and you don’t get caught in the rain.”
“Yeah, that’d be bad.”
Jeff extended the device to Erica and she grabbed it. Their hands were about an inch apart, but he could feel the softness of her touch, along with her uncharacteristically trembling. After one more wide scope for eyewitnesses, he pushed the button and the world melted around them.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

July 11, 1831

Erica felt a slight sense of vertigo for a moment before her brain reassured itself that her feet were firmly on the ground. It was a different ground than it had been a moment before, but only in her perception of it.
“Is that it?” she asked Jeff, who was standing beside her, his hand clenched around the other end of his invention, the time travel device. She noted how high her own voice was – she was practically breathless with adrenaline.
“That’s it,” he said calmly, having been through this before. “We’re here.”
“How can we be sure where here is?”
“Well, we’ll have to do a little checking. But we’re not in Kansas anymore.”
She inspected her surroundings. From one perspective, the park looked very much the same as the one she’d just left – though the trees were definitely smaller. It seemed more open and sunnier – in fact, as she considered the sun, she realized it was quite a bit warmer than it had been only seconds before. They’d left September aiming for July, and the temperature was at least one sign they’d hit their mark. Which allowed her to relax a bit, even as her mind wanted to panic. Was this really happening?
What was glaringly absent as she looked around was the distant Philadelphia skyline and the apartment buildings that had lined the park. The park facilities were missing, as well – including the restroom building where they’d just changed their clothes. In fact, there really weren’t any buildings in the immediate area, though she could see in the distance the outskirts of the city beginning to emerge. “Unbelievable,” was all she could say.
“Isn’t it?”
She looked over at Jeff who, even though he’d done this before, was just as amazed, looking around the way you do when you get to your resort on the first day of vacation.
“This is really incredible,” she said. “I know we have work to do, but what I wouldn’t give to spend a few days here.”
He smiled. “That’s what Dexter always says.”
“Well, now I guess he got that chance – and that’s why we’re going to do things by the book.” She stopped to place herself, imagining where she’d just seen the high-rises, which had been over a tuft of trees to her right. “So if my directions are correct, we need to head that way.” She motioned to the east.
“That seems right to me,” he said as she continued searching her surroundings. “I trust your judgment.”
“No time like the present,” she said, and started walking. He fell into pace next to her and they walked swiftly across the park – which she was realizing was really just a field now. Granted, she knew that parks in the early 1800s wouldn’t have slides and swings and fountains, but there was also no one there enjoying the outdoors. Of course, leisure had taken on a different look when the 20th century arrived, so the likelihood that anyone would be sitting around a park in this time was small. Too much work to do, too much nature and outdoors to go around.
They reached the park boundary and small buildings began to appear – a few homes, a blacksmith, and a small general store. It astounded Erica that only a half-hour before they’d been waiting in a line of traffic in front of Target and Applebee’s in that very spot. It was such a treat for her, despite not being able to take as much time as she’d like to enjoy it.
“What are you thinking?” Jeff asked, his best effort to make small talk as they walked.
“I’m thinking I would love to sit down with the people that live in these houses and just pick their brains on what they think of their lives. When you think of everything that’s happened – all of the advancements, all of the wars, everything that has become of America – since this time, it blows your mind.”
“Yes, it does,” Jeff said as they saw their first people since they’d arrived – a man who was dressed pretty much the way he was, putting up a fence at one of the houses with the help of two boys.
“These people don’t know that in 20 years they’re going to discover gold in California, and their neighbors will begin to head west,” she continued. “They don’t know that in 30 years those boys’ sons will be enlisted to fight a war against their own brothers. It’s such a simple life – they can hide from all of that.”
“But that’s no different from what we don’t know about what’s going to happen in 10, 20 years, right?”
“I see a difference, though. We’re much more heavily involved in making it happen. The people of this time seem more that they’re going with the flow. Think about the differences in media, the constant access to information that we have. We may not know what’s going to happen, but we know very well what’s possible in many ways, ways that could change our lives. I’m not sure I’d say the same for these people.”
“These people had to build a country. We just have to keep it running.”
“True.”
Now there were more people on the road and more buildings to justify their presence. A few even nodded to them. Jeff would offer a tip of his hat; Erica, the dutiful wife of the 1830s, just followed along with an occasional nod.
After about a half-hour of walking, they were into the city. Erica began to recognize things – at least, she recognized them from the map that she’d memorized. A specific intersection. A circle. “We’re up here about another half-mile,” she said.
“That’s pretty good,” Jeff said, complimenting her. She looked at him and he was smiling. “I have absolutely no idea where we are. Of course, I’ve let my guard down because I trust you know what you’re doing.”
“Where we are...” she said, thinking. “If you remember, on the ride to the park we passed right by here. That circle is still there. There was a post office right here and a Starbucks on this side. The circle had a statue in the middle of it, though we drove by too quickly and I didn’t get to see who it was.”
“Every circle in Philadelphia has a statue in the middle of it,” he said. She smiled to herself. “So, the shop is this way?”
“Yes, straight ahead.”
“When did it burn down?”
“In about three years, provided we’re where we’re supposed to be. Or when we’re supposed to be, rather. A lantern was knocked over and since the building was filled with papers, it went up quickly. Imagine the records, the history that was lost.”
The street was fairly crowded now, with the business of 1831 happening around them at its own familiar pace. A farmer rode by on a wagon filled with squash and zucchini, and a pack of young boys chased after him for a good thousand feet, laughing and waiting for something to fall off. The farmer shooed them away and kept on moving. Men and women dressed identically to them walked along the sides of the street, entering and leaving the buildings. Erica saw a blacksmith’s shop and had an overwhelming urge to tug on Jeff’s arm and beg him to take her inside.
Soon, they came to their destination, the records office, which was still standing, confirming that they’d at least successfully made it to sometime before the fire in 1834. In her research, Erica had found a charcoal sketch of the entire street and now that she could see it in real life, it was easy to see that the artist’s depiction of the shop had been unbelievably accurate. “This is so exciting,” she said. “I know it’s just a records shop, but to see this street come to life is just…” She never gave Jeff an adjective. She couldn’t come up with one that did justice.
Without a word, Jeff approached the front door of the office and walked inside. Erica followed him in. Behind the wooden counter was a white-haired man wearing bifocals, and behind him were about a dozen rows of shelves stuffed with papers. Not surprisingly, her attention immediately went to the lantern hanging on a standing frame behind the counter. A small bump and it could’ve been sent – and ultimately would be – into the papers. Besides the lantern and what natural sunlight came in the window behind them, the room was fairly dark for the business it provided.
“How can I help you today, son?” the man asked in a shaky, unassertive voice.
“I’m looking for the record of a hanging,” Jeff said, without trying an accent. She was relieved – his practicing in the car made him sound like he was raised in Tennessee, and then moved to Brooklyn, with a year studying abroad in Trinidad somewhere in the middle.
The man looked at him, not unsuspiciously, if still open-minded enough to help. “You new in town?”
“Passing through, actually. We’re on our way to New York to make our fortunes.”
The man laughed. “Aren’t we all trying to make our fortunes? Mine’s in paper.” He motioned with his thumb behind him toward the shelves. “I’m rich with it. When’s this hanging of yours?”
“On or around August 13, 1770.”
“In Philadelphia?”
“Yes, sir.”
The man nodded and slowly rose from his stool, heading into the racks. As he walked, Erica watched him disappear into the back even further than it appeared he could go. She shook her head sadly, thinking about the wealth of historical information that would be lost.
The man’s voice came from out of the shadows. “If my fortune’s in paper,” he asked, “where’s yours?”
“I design buildings,” Jeff said without hesitation. Erica looked at him. They hadn’t discussed that. He looked back at her and shrugged. “Not a role-player,” he’d said before. Apparently he was underselling himself.
“You design buildings? What kind of buildings?” From the dark again.
“Oh, courthouses, museums, banquet halls, libraries and other types of gathering places.”
They heard rustling and a clanging of metal before the man emerged, limping toward the counter again with a large volume in his hand. “1770,” he said. “Go ahead, take a look,” he said, sliding it toward them.
Erica watched as Jeff started to flip through the pages, but realized that he was going to need her, so she stepped up to the counter next to him.
“You interested in this stuff, too, honey?” he asked.
“Very,” she said, looking over Jeff’s shoulder at the pages.
“What’s your interest in a hanging?”
“Well,” Jeff said, stepping in, “we believe that a beloved great uncle of my wife’s was hanged in Philadelphia right around this time and we’re trying to find out if it’s true.”
Erica couldn’t help herself. “It was such a tremulous time in the colonies,” she said, “that anything could’ve happened to him. We’d like to know for sure.” She’d thrown in a hint of Cockney British and saw Jeff trying not to smile about it.
That was apparently enough of an explanation for the man, so he went about his own business. From her research, Erica knew his name – it was Thomas Meeks – but she really didn’t know anything else about him other than the fact that he ended up burning down his business.
The records in front of them were overwhelmingly detailed, but seemed to be ordered pretty well by date. The folio contained newspapers from each day, as well as public municipal records – property transactions (including slaves), business licenses, legal matters and criminal sentences. Jeff flipped to the appropriate days and they saw a register of names of criminals with their charges listed next to them. He glanced over at her and she nodded at him, actually squeezing his arm to let him know they were on the right track. She felt him stop for a moment, so she let go of his arm as he ran his finger down the page.
Near the bottom of the page for August 13, 1770, among four names was an entry for a male, name unknown, who was hanged for impersonating a British soldier. There was smaller writing underneath – someone had crammed some more information into the tiny space – but in the shadows it was difficult to read. Erica watched as Jeff leaned in to see the words, but he couldn’t. She let out a small sigh, then her eyes focused on the lantern.
“Sir, may we use the lantern?” she said.
The man nodded, so Erica pulled the lantern down from its hitch. She placed it on the counter next to the book, the shadows dancing around them. They leaned in and read the words at the same time, then looked at each other. “... for theft of jewels belonging to His Royal Majesty, the King.”
She looked up at Meeks, who was off in his own world, straightening up the far side of his desk.
“Do you believe me now?” Jeff asked her quietly. “I told you Garvey took those stones”
She laughed nervously, then pulled him to the side where they could talk more privately. “It’s hard not to. But this still doesn’t help us to be in the same place as he is at any given time. We can’t pop into the middle of a hanging and zap him out of there.”
“Why not? That might be our only choice. He’s not likely to be alone anywhere.”
“What if we could cause a commotion?”
“Then we could get hanged ourselves. That’d shorten the trip.”
Meeks cleared his throat, getting their attention. “Did you find what you need over there?”
“Yes, sir,” Jeff said. “If we could have a couple more minutes with the book, we’ll be all set.”
The old man grunted something and retreated into the racks.
“Is this a business?” Jeff asked, seemingly fascinated with the man and his papers despite what they were there to accomplish. “Does he have customers and stay in business?”
“It’s a municipal building. He works for the city. Stay focused.” Erica walked back over to the book and flipped several pages ahead, looking to see if there were reports of actual arrests included. She was rewarded when she found a newspaper from a few days prior to the hanging, which contained a brief about a break-in at Major Garvey’s home. “Look at this,” she said, and read aloud: “‘Garvey’s home was burglarized by four thieves, who were subsequently apprehended by British soldiers. Three of the encroachers escaped the soldiers’ grasp. The last was captured and will be held at Old Stone Jail until Monday, when he is scheduled to be hanged in The Commons.’ I’m assuming this is your little group?”
“You betcha.”
“Old Stone Jail was known for overcrowding and disease. We won’t be able to get to him until he’s out of there. There would be too many people around.”
“The only time he’s leaving will probably be when they’re marching him to the gallows.”
Erica stopped to think for a moment, engaging all of her insights to the time. Being a prisoner in the Colonies was not a comfortable circumstance. In truth, it was probably a blessing that he was hanged a few short days following the arrest – a large number of prisoners died from dysentery, small pox, or some other quickly communicable disease. In fact, that gave her concern about even letting him get into the prison at all. “What about before?”
“Before what?”
Meeks returned to the front desk and approached them. “Did you find what you were looking for?”
“We did,” Jeff said.
“And?”
Jeff looked at him puzzled for a moment, so Erica jumped in, “It looks as though we were right.”
“Well, that’s good,” Meeks said, then laughed at himself. “Not good that he was hanged – good that you found what you needed.”
Jeff folded up the book and handed it to him. Meeks took it and put it aside, and then Jeff picked up the lantern and handed that to him as well. “You should put that somewhere a little more stable than that rack,” he said.
Erica poked him hard in the arm and Meeks said, “Come again?”
Jeff looked down at her then back at Meeks. “It’s just that you have all this paper here,” he said. “I’d hate to see an accident happen.”
“Oh, yeah, yeah right,” Meeks said, and set the lantern on the counter. “Is there anything else?”
“No, thank you for your help. Do we owe you anything?”
The old man shook his head.
“Well, thank you again,” Jeff said. Erica nodded politely and they both walked outside.
Once outside, she stopped in front of him. “Why did you say that?”
“Say what?”
“About the lantern?”
“I don’t know – I thought I’d help you out.” He was grinning.
“Help me out?”
“Yeah – you were going on and on about what a tragedy it was that all of those records were lost. I didn’t see any harm in tipping him off. Maybe by the time we get back he doesn’t dump the lantern over and burn the place down. Then you’ll have your records.”
“You can’t do that, Jeff,” she said heatedly, then took a glance around to make sure there weren’t people close by. There were some milling about, engaged in their own conversations, but they hadn’t attracted anyone’s attention. “We’re not here to change history. We’re here to fix a mistake that you made. This isn’t your little universe to re-determine whatever might fulfill your needs.”
“My needs?” he asked. “I did that for you.”
“I don’t want you to do anything for me,” she said. “You don’t have the authority to determine what should be changed and what shouldn’t. That building burning down – just like the Wilton raid and everything else you’ve screwed up – is a part of history. All of us are what we are – or aren’t what we aren’t – because things happened a certain way. Even causing what you think are insignificant or positive changes can have a dramatic impact on multitudes of people. I’d hoped that you understand that by now.”
“Then why are you here with me?”
“I’m here for one purpose, and that’s to help you get your friend back. Not for a historical sightseeing tour. And not to change things that any of us think are wrong.”
Jeff nodded his head rather solemnly. From the look on his face, she could tell that maybe she was finally getting through. She could understand, though. It was tempting to just drop the sense of responsibility and bask in the opportunity to experience something that no one had ever experienced before. She, herself, had even considered the historical benefit of the records office not burning down, given the opportunity to change its fate before admonishing herself for the thought. The luxury of having 21st century knowledge while enjoying the simplicity of the early 19th century was almost too much to handle.
And of course, in a strange way, it was kind of sweet what he’d tried to do. She thought about when she’d squeezed his arm and wondered if he’d taken it the wrong way. Either way, there were more important things on which she needed to focus.
“You were saying something about getting Dexter before he goes to prison?” His attempt to recover from his scolding.
Back to reality for her – or, what was left of it. “Yes, I was,” she said, still trying to be admonishing, but also productive. “Once Dexter gets into prison he’ll be under lock-and-key the entire rest of the time. What also clicked in my mind was that we absolutely do not want him coming back to the present time with any kind of disease he might pick up in a crowded colonial prison. Those are outdated diseases, and God knows what kind of epidemic he could start. It’s probably best if we get him before he’s even incarcerated.”
Jeff was thinking, nodding, so she continued. “As long as we wait until you actually go back to the present, we can get to him any time after that. What’s more important is that we know exactly where he’ll be – at least for several minutes after you disappear – and then we can follow him if necessary. Tell me exactly what happened before you returned to the present. Specifically, what happened to Dexter.”
They started walking in no particular direction. More so just to not be loitering.
“Well, I’m not totally sure,” he said, his face in a reminiscent stare. “We were trying to get all of us together in the backyard of Garvey’s house, but Dexter got separated from us. He was inside and he poked his head out the door and told us to leave without him. Then he ran inside. We started after him, but a handful of British soldiers came through the doorway with their guns pointed at us. Abby clicked the button and saved us before they could get a shot off.”
“So the last you saw him he was running back into the house. How many British soldiers do you think there were?”
“I think three came through the door. I couldn’t tell you how many were in the house, though.”
“Well, let’s be safe and assume that there were at least a couple inside to arrest Dexter, since the other three ran right past him toward you, right?”
“I think that’s smart.”
She thought for a moment. “Are you comfortable punching someone?”
He laughed. “Really?”
“It’d just have to be for the shock value. You wouldn’t have to put the guy down – just separate him from Dexter long enough for us to grab hands and push the button.”
“Well, no, but Emeka can handle that, so it’s not an issue. What’s your plan?”
She shook her head as they passed another general store with a handful of kids in front, kicking dust clouds at each other in the dirt and yelling. “We’re not getting Emeka. We’re going now.”
He stopped and turned to face her.
“What do you mean we’re going now?”
“You just told me that the problem was that you couldn’t get everyone together to trigger the device. It’s going to be hard enough coordinating with three people, much less five. We have to set the bar lower on this one. Unless, of course, you don’t have the coordinates.”
“No, no, I have them,” he said, making her wonder why he would, even though she’d bet correctly.
“I only saw two lines on that arm.”
He pulled up his other sleeve, showing another set of coordinates. She could see him processing the new information. He wasn’t sure about what she was suggesting and didn’t seem to like that the ideas were coming from her. But she knew she was making sense. She’d been hell-bent on having some control over the situation, and leaving his other teammates out of it was the best way to do that. Plus, they’d never know it was happening – if they were successful, the history would shift around them. Though she hadn’t gotten a good look at the coordinates before he’d rolled down his sleeve. Without those, they weren’t yet on equal footing.
She looked back over her shoulder and down the street. They were a good quarter mile from Meeks’ shop.
“What are you looking at?”
“I’m thinking about the coordinates,” she said, not looking back. “I want to write them down in another place than just your arm. Just in case.”
“What about your photographic memory?”
“I’m just thinking – when we get there, we’ll have another person in the mix. If something goes wrong, one of the three of us has to get back to the present to make sure any of us have a chance to get back. That make sense?”
“Well, you can’t just walk into a convenience store and buy a Rollerball.” He was getting defensive, and irrationally so. He didn’t like that she was changing the parameters.
Now she looked back at him and tried to lighten things with a grin, at least attempting to win him back to her way of thinking. “No kidding. Thomas Meeks should have something we can borrow to write with. Let’s head back.”
Without a word, Jeff turned and walked back in the direction from which they’d just come.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

They walked in silence most of the way back to the records shop, Jeff battling with the reality that Erica was suddenly putting herself in control. There was a comfort zone in which he liked to work – one that included Emeka and Abby within his reach. He didn’t like the unpredictability of what Erica was proposing. Abby’s ability to calculate and Emeka’s ability to act instantly and strategically were important to the success of everything they’d done so far. While there was nothing in her revised plan that couldn’t be justified, he didn’t have faith that he could do what she wanted him to do. On the other hand, if he didn’t go along with her, there was no guarantee she’d help him get Dexter.
When they were within a block of Meeks’ shop, he finally spoke. “So, what is it you want me to do? I have to punch one of the soldiers? Like in the face?”
“We’ll have to evaluate the situation when we get there to some degree,” she said. “But we should prepare for at least one soldier to be holding Dexter.”
“Well, let’s hope it’s one. Two would be a problem.”
“Bottom line is, though, if you want to get your friend back, we’ll have to figure out a way to deal with however many are there.”
“But Emeka could take apart two 18th century soldiers in no time.”
“Jeff, I guarantee you that if we try to get more than the three of us together to get back to the present, it won’t work. I guarantee it. There are way too many parts in motion. It’s going to be fast and hectic. You punch the guy. He lets go of Dexter. We grab hands. I push the button.”
“Honestly, Erica, I’m not much of a fighter. I don’t know that I can hit someone hard enough to make them let go of him.”
She sighed. “You want me to hit him and you push the button?”
“Well, now that you’ve challenged my masculinity, no. Maybe I’ll find a two-by-four or something.” He couldn’t visualize himself in the situation. It was too far removed from his normal life.
“Whatever you need to do. You just need to make sure that as soon as that soldier steps out the front door with Dexter in tow, you bash him upside the head and we’re out of there.” They reached the front of the shop and stopped. “Okay – don’t ask him for a pen or pencil. Just ask him for something to write with.”
“Why don’t you just ask?” She looked at him like he was crazy, which made him realize that it was 1830 and Erica shouldn’t be asking for anything from a man. “Gotcha,” he said and led the way inside.
Meeks rose from his stool. “Back so soon?”
“I was wondering if I might borrow something to write with,” Jeff asked as authentically as he could. It was an effort, since he’d just been talking with Erica in 21st-century-speak.
Meeks slipped an inkwell and pen up onto the counter and gave Jeff a piece of parchment paper. Fortunately, he then turned his back, because Jeff had no idea how to use the implements and looked helplessly over at Erica for a demonstration. She mimed dipping the pen into the ink, finishing just in time for Meeks to turn back around.
Jeff dipped as instructed, then pulled up his sleeve. When he saw Meeks looking his way, his slid it back down his arm.
Erica noticed his hesitation and sidled down the counter toward Meeks. “This is a wonderful facility,” she said. “How long has it been here?”
Meeks turned his attention away from Jeff to answer her. When he did, Jeff pulled his sleeve back up and began to copy the numbers, not paying attention to their conversation. First he copied the coordinates for 1770, then switched arms and wrote down the coordinates to get them back to their present time. He dipped the pen into the ink several times and wished for his smartphone. As elegant as he felt, he couldn’t imagine writing like this for very long.
When he finished, he slid the instruments back to Meeks as Erica wrapped up their conversation, thanked him, and tucked the paper into his front pocket. They exited the building and were once again outside and ready for their next move.
“Where did you ‘land’ when you went back to 1770 the first time?”
“In a farmer’s field about five miles out of town.”
She shook her head. “No, that’s too far. We need to be a little more precise. Let me think about where we are right now.” She paced for about thirty seconds trying to get her bearings. “I focused mainly on getting here, thinking that you’d gotten a little closer.”
“You could’ve asked while you were planning all of this,” Jeff said, thinking she’d intended to do it this way – keep him clueless until he was already in the thick of it. He was irritated, but given the nature of their relationship to date, he couldn’t say that he totally blamed her.
“Alright,” she said, “we have two options. There’s a park about six blocks from here that I believe was an open space during the Colonial times. That’s probably better since there won’t be many people around, however, we’ll have a longer walk to Garvey’s house – I’d say probably a little over a mile. While we’re dressed in old-time clothes, there’s 60 years difference between now and then, so we could attract some attention. Think of walking around in our time in clothes from the ‘50s or ‘60s. Probably not enough to cause a stir, but the dress code is definitely different.”
“And the other option?”
“There’s a courtyard about a block from Garvey’s house. Problem is that it may have some people in it in the morning, which is when we need to get there. It’s risky, but it’s close.”
“Do you have a preference?”
“The safer of the two is option number one.”
“You’d know better than I would.” This is where he would normally lean on Dexter. And while he and Erica seemed to be having trust issues, there was no other choice than to follow her lead. “This is one of those things Dexter always took the lead on. This is why I came to you for help. I’m open to whatever you think is best.”
“Did you notice anything different in there?” she asked, changing the subject.
He shook his head.
“The lantern,” she said. “He moved it onto the other side of the counter.”
“Honestly?” A smile escaped his lips. She would have to admit there was something satisfying about it.
Nope. “I don’t know why you’re smiling, Jeff. This is a dangerous game you play. It is so easy to change things.”
“Well, we’ll have to be more careful.” He caught and corrected himself for her benefit. “Correction – I’ll have to be more careful.” Maybe she’d appreciate it later.
“Yes, you will. Let’s go.”
As they walked, Jeff realized that time travel had now become so customary for him that he was far more nervous about punching someone than he was about making the leap back to Colonial America. Had they been in their present time, he never would’ve agreed to taking on the mission without his teammates, but his argument – that too many cooks wouldn’t spoil the broth – was hollow because the broth had already been spilled once. He was just going to have to come through.
He’d never actually been in a fight – it just wasn’t something that nerds did. One time in sophomore year he’d shoved a kid who’d elbowed him during a basketball game in third period gym, but after they called each other jerks it was over. He’d never punched anything that was alive, and never hurt anything bigger than a spider. Now, in order to save his friend, he was going to have to take out a trained British soldier using only his bare knuckles and the element of surprise as weapons. If he were hiring for this job, he would not have been considering himself.
“I guess if it doesn’t work, we’ll all get arrested and we can work out our strategy from in prison,” he said. “At least we’ll all have the coordinates.”
“Yeah, and yet that doesn’t sound like the best idea. Don’t worry. This’ll work.”
“Glad you believe it.” He was. He needed a boost.
“Jeff, these people are going to hang your best friend in the world,” she said. “I’m sure you can muster the courage to slug someone who’s looking to do that.”
“That’s a good way to put it.”
“Not to mention that horrible Stamp Act.”
They walked a moment in silence before he looked over at her. She had a grin on her face, so he couldn’t help himself but laugh. “The Stamp Act? Nice motivation, there.”
“Those bastards.”
Her attempt at humor made Jeff realize that he honestly didn’t know too much about this woman into whose hands he was putting his life. Not only that, he didn’t know if her squeezing his arm at Meeks’ shop was supposed to be some kind of message. Sure, they were in this together, but was that enough to create the kind of camaraderie that he had with Emeka, Abby and Dexter – the kind of camaraderie that he believed was key to success? Was the arm squeeze a sign of “team,” or was it something else? Was it something more? The last thing he needed now was distractions. But, still... Here they did have some time together, so he decided he’d at least try to create some conversation while they walked. Build a bridge.
“So how much work was it to get that sign put up at the Wilton site?”
She laughed. “Really? Small talk?”
“Why not?”
She shook her head, her eyes scanning the environment as they walked. “It took a long time. About a decade.”
“You know it wasn’t there when we left, and it was there when we got back. Blew our minds.”
“I’ll bet. Changing history probably would. Probably should.” She walked in silence for a moment, then motioned Jeff to turn right onto another block. The streets continued to become more crowded as they got closer to the center of the city. “I started pushing for it as an undergrad. Using Wilton’s diary, I mapped exactly where I thought the robbery had taken place.”
“Well, you nailed it. That sign is literally five feet from where it happened. What took so long?”
“Just regulations,” she said. “Getting something onto the historic register is an uphill climb. Especially when it’s not related to a war. I’ve worked on one of those, too – getting historic designation for the birth home of Major General Morris Fitzpatrick, who fought with the 10th Cavalry in the Spanish-American War and was born in Palo Alto. I did that while I was in college. It was much easier. But that experience eventually helped me learn how to get through the Sacramento red tape to get the Wilton site done.”
“What was your impetus for the General’s home? I mean – I know why you’re interested in the Wilton robbery. Why the first one?”
“The state was going to tear it down to build student housing. I don’t think I have to tell you that I’m a believer in history being preserved.”
Jeff laughed. “Wow. I can imagine they loved you.”
“Yeah, I wasn’t very popular among the elected officials, but the students loved me taking a stand. At one point, we had I think 350 students standing in front of the house – and this was to stop housing for themselves. Fighting a fight like that is something I believe that every aspiring historian should have to go through.”
“So what eventually put the Wilton site over the top?”
“Because my mapping was really only estimated, there was pushback over the exact site. They didn’t want to do anything unless they were certain it was accurate. And, of course, all we had was the diary. In the end, it came down to relationships. I eventually became well-known enough in the history community that I could lean on certain connections I had, the strongest being Kevin Pierce, who you met, from the Smithsonian. He was a huge help in making it happen.” She smiled. “A decade of hard work for a sign. But it’s done, right?”
“It sure is.” Finally, after seeing her open up, Jeff found himself liking the way she talked. Her passion. Her matter-of-factness that things should be a certain way. He considered how she was different from him – she was idealistic, he was practical. She went after what she thought she could accomplish, he was consistently focused on the logical next step. Knowing that, it was easy to understand why she believed he had it in him to punch out a Red Coat when he thought a more tactical plan would be appropriate.
“Here’s the park,” she said as the buildings opened into a grassy, treed area. “Yeah, this should work. Most of these buildings weren’t here sixty years ago.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
“Still, we’ll tuck ourselves out of sight as best as possible,” she said, and started across the grass. They had to high-step over the grass, which was untouched and about six inches tall, across the field.
Jeff followed her to a small hill in the center of the park that provided some cover. Three people were still visible, but it looked like it was the best they could do.
She sat down in the grass and he sat next to her. “I’m sure you’ve thought about the fact that we’re going to break some rules here,” she said, holding her hand out for the time device. “You probably didn’t want to mention it to me because I like things to be a certain way.”
He pulled the device from his pocket and handed it to her. “Not sure what you’re talking about.”
She took it from him and began to run her fingers over the buttons. “If this works, we’re going to disappear in front of British soldiers, and we’re going to reappear in the middle of the sidewalk in modern-day Philadelphia.”
“These coordinates land us in the middle of the night.”
“Yes, but that’s doesn’t necessarily mean there won’t be anyone there.”
Jeff nodded. “I actually hadn’t thought about that, but you’re right. Good thing is, if anyone’s there I can just punch them out, too.”
Erica laughed. “Oh no, I’ve created a monster.”
“Let’s get the first one out of the way before I start making challenges.”
“All set,” she said, handing it back to him.
“You double checked it?”
“Three times.”
He didn’t know how, but he believed her. “You ready for this?”
“More than you are,” she said with a grin.
“Here goes.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

August 11, 1770

Erica blinked, and half of the buildings surrounding them had vanished.
In all, their new surroundings didn’t look much different. There were holes in the landscape where houses and shops had been only a moment before, though two homes were in the midst of construction. Otherwise, things felt much the same.
She looked at Jeff, sitting in the same position he’d been in sixty years in the future. “We’re here?”
“I can only assume so. My phone doesn’t automatically change the date.”
“Judging by the scenery, we’re well on our way, at least.”
Taking a 360 degree look, she was relieved to see that no one would’ve noticed their arrival. While success would mean a definitive impact on history, she thought they should do whatever they could to minimize their presence. She stood, motioning to the device as Jeff programmed the device for their return to the present and stored it in his pocket. “Maybe for version two-point-oh of that device you can put a little LED screen that can tell you where you are.”
“I wonder if that’s possible,” he said, considering it. “You’d have to have the computer interpret the coordinates, but then that would just be manipulation of the numbers. There’s no way-”
“Jeff, it was a joke.”
“Okay. Which way do we go?”
“This way,” she said, pointing. They started walking toward the closer side of the park, which was now less a park than just an unkempt grassy area. They didn’t see a person until they were among the buildings. And when they did, she didn’t notice any strange looks even though their attire was slightly off. Of course, separating herself from the situation and seeing it objectively, she realized that people probably didn’t care; clothing was, at the moment, likely far more important to she and Jeff than anyone else remotely nearby. “If we calculated correctly, we have about an hour before you guys show up at Garvey’s house to rob him.”
“Okay,” Jeff said as they walked.
“For obvious reasons, we should try not to run into the other you.”
He laughed. “That’s crazy – there are two of me here now. But yes, I agree with you.”
After a couple blocks walking in silence, the only sound their footsteps on the rocky ground, Erica said, “Alright, when we walked last time I told you about me. Now it’s your turn.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Let’s start with the obvious question. How – or better yet, why – did you figure out how to go back in time?”
“Well, those questions have diverging answers,” he said. “The why is short, though, so I’ll start there. ‘Why’ was absolutely by mistake. I never set out to do time travel. In fact, it was so foreign a concept that it hadn’t even crossed my mind. In general, it doesn’t cross many scientists’ minds after they take their last physics class. I was working on something completely different when I stumbled on it.”
“The replication project,” she said, reminding him that she’d been paying attention at their first meeting.
“Yep.”
“After our meeting, I read your whole paper. It’s public domain since you’re using federal funding. How come your presentation doesn’t mention the time travel, though?”
“My government sponsors don’t exactly know about it. I have two tracks of research going.”
“One where you try to make hamburgers out of bricks and one where you go back in time and rob people?”
He clearly didn’t like her poke at him, but he laughed in spite of himself. “Yes, I guess you could put it that way. I wouldn’t, personally, but I can see your perspective.” Random groups of people were starting to pass them on the street as it became lined with homes, buildings and shops. “Since you’ve read my paper, how much detail do you need?”
They actually didn’t have all the time in the world to chat, so she said, “Jump ahead to the part where it turns into time travel.”
“Alright. In my experiments, as you may have read and I think I told you at lunch, I am attempting to speed up the individual atoms within a piece of matter – which could be a sugar cube, a brick, or even an SUV – to the speed of light, to then slow them back down to a mathematical specificity that actually changes their make-up. You’re familiar with the phrase ‘matter can be changed, but not destroyed’? Well, that’s what I’m doing. As I was experimenting with the speed I could reach with individual atoms, something crazy happened. By that time I’d already been successful in converting an atom of hydrogen to an atom of nitrogen, so I was pushing a larger item – a diamond. Very basic carbon-based construction, so it would give me a good picture of what was possible. I was successful in speeding the diamond up, but as I slowed it back down, it disappeared. No idea where it went. Until about 90 seconds later, out of nowhere it showed up. I tried it again, changing the speed of the atoms by a microscopic amount. As I was programming the computer, another diamond appeared.”
“Just out of the blue?”
“Yep. Just appeared on the platform, bumping the other diamond out of the way.”
“So you sent that one back in time?”
“I did, yes.”
“But you had to complete the chain of events by still sending it, right?”
“Yes, which I did.”
She thought about that for a moment. “What would’ve happened if you hadn’t?”
He smiled again at her. It was a warm smile for the topic. “Well, my theory is that it wouldn’t have come through. Time is smarter than all of us. Or more logical, at least.”
“C’mon – you could’ve chosen not to send it after you knew the result. You know, screw around with time?”
“But not really,” he said. “It is what it is. It’s a concept I’m currently calling ‘fulfillment.’ It means that if there is an effect that happens in the present, by hook or by crook there has to be a cause. And if the cause doesn’t look like it’s going to happen, it’s in our best interest to make sure it does.”
“Fulfillment,” she repeated, determining she’d have to give that some more thought at a better time. It didn’t seem accurate. In fact, what they were trying to accomplish here in 1770 kind of flew in the face of it. But she had to admit there was a bit of logic to it. She’d ponder it later. “That’s a helluva way to produce diamonds.”
“Oh,” he said, “who’s the entrepreneur now? It’s pretty easy to let your mind wander to how to profit from this, isn’t it?”
She ignored him. Probably because he was right. “So you experimented like any scientist would, using larger and larger subjects until... What? How did you decide you could use a human?”
“The key to everything was creating a device that could do the same thing that I was doing in a confined chamber. I won’t go into detail now on how I did that because we’d be here for a couple days, but once I was successful, it was natural that I should be the first experiment. So I painstakingly did the mathematics behind it – this was before Abby came into the picture – and sent myself back to 1951.”
“Why 1951?”
“I wanted to see how precisely I could get it to work, so I attempted to go back to see Bobby Thompson’s famous home run for the New York Giants against the Brooklyn Dodgers.”
“The ‘shot heard around the world,’” she said. That would impress him.
“Baseball fan?” he asked.
“No. Historian,” she said, smiling. “We’re pretty well-rounded.”
“I guess so... Anyway, I wanted to push the experiment to see how reliable the process would be, so I studied the film of the home run to see exactly where Thompson hit the ball.”
“You were going to try to get it?”
“I was hoping to. I bought a general bleacher seat to the Polo Grounds – which, by the way, to a baseball fan from the 21st century, was amazing in and of itself – but since the television coverage then wasn’t of the quality of today, I ended up missing the ball by three rows and four seats. Very exciting game, though, even though I knew exactly what was going to happen.”
“Then you just left the stadium and came back to the present?”
“Essentially.”
“So, if I watch the footage of that game and look into the left field stands, you’ll be sitting there?”
He shook his head. “I’ve checked. There isn’t a good enough shot of it. I can make out someone who’s probably me, but nobody else would be able to tell.”
“That’s incredible, Jeff.”
“Isn’t it? Anyway, with a successful experiment under my belt, I began to build my team.” He pointed a block ahead. “That’s the park that Dexter and I waited in before we went to Garvey’s house, which is around that corner.”
She looked up and saw a treed area, the thoughts of time travel science dissipating into what they now had to accomplish. She stopped walking, looking forward, and he stopped with her. “How’s your right hook feeling?” she asked, without looking at him.
“It feels like it’s going to try its best.”
She nodded then kept walking toward Garvey’s house. He kept step beside her.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Into the situation again, only now with a seemingly insurmountable task on his plate, a panic came over Jeff. It strangely made him worry he might overcompensate since he was on the spot to come through. He’d seen too many movies where people got their noses broken and it sent them to the floor, so as he strategized – getting more and more nervous doing so – he determined that as soon as he saw whomever had Dexter by the arm, he was going to haul off and hit them in the nose as hard as he possibly could. He would not allow himself time to think about it.
He was just praying – something he rarely did – that there was only one soldier attached to his friend.
He estimated how long it had taken them to walk. If they were correct in their timing, he and Dexter would be entering Garvey’s home right about this moment. As they turned the corner near the park, he could see Garvey’s coach in front with two soldiers lurking – the exact scene he’d left when Abby’d hit the button on the device, saving their lives.
“We’re here,” he told Erica. “This is how we left the situation. We should be inside the house now.”
Sure enough, as they walked closer, they could hear a commotion inside and some shouting. The two Red Coats darted inside, weapons drawn. More shouts – probably his own – were coming from the rear of the house. One obstacle had been overcome: he’d pinpointed his location, which mitigated the chances of running into himself. He grabbed Erica by the hand and hustled her across the street to get into position. They had only a small window of time to make it happen.
At the top of the steps leading into Garvey’s front door, they stopped. Jeff braced himself, his heart pounding. He pulled the time device from his pocket and handed it to Erica, who held it at-the-ready in her own hand. Pushing down his overwhelming fear, he gave her the best manly it’s going to work nod he could muster. It must’ve meant something to her, because she nodded earnestly in response. Jeff could hear voices still clamoring inside. He tried to replay the entire incident in his mind, though he couldn’t be 100% sure of what happened after they’d left. Ultimately, they’d have to come out the front door with Dexter in tow. Then he had to do his job.
After a moment, though the shouting in the back of the house continued, he heard strong footsteps coming toward the front. He peered through the limited glass on the side of the door and thought he saw two people – one a silhouette of red, one in dark blue. He looked across at Erica, who apparently had a better view because she was pointing and mouthing something to him that he couldn’t make out. Nonetheless, he clenched both his fist and teeth and prepared to pounce on the Red Coat.
A split second before he had to act, he realized what Erica was saying. He had the wrong target.
Dexter was the one wearing red.
The door opened and, as soon as he saw flesh, Jeff unloaded on the man in blue’s face – a direct blow to the right side of the nose that sent all three of them sprawling. There was a scramble on the small porch to regain footing, though it quickly became clear that the Brit was down for the count, yelling in pain with his hands to his face, now covered in bright red blood. Pain throbbed in Jeff’s hand, and he was certain he’d broken it, if not his wrist and arm as well.
Despite the pain, Jeff reached out and grabbed Dexter by the collar, pulling him roughly to the side of the porch where Erica was standing, and had actually stumbled herself from the toppling bodies. He felt her reach around his midsection and pull herself close to him, then suddenly they were in the middle of modern-day Philadelphia. All three of them, standing under the streetlights on the front porch of a brownstone owned by people they didn’t know.
Erica’s arm around Jeff mitigated the pain in his hand, and he slowly let go of Dexter, who fell to the ground. Erica relaxed her grip and Jeff sat down next to his friend, clutching his wrist.
“You got my notes,” Dexter said, smiling and out-of-breath. “I knew showing you the key was the right idea.”
“I did, yes.”
“Well, thank you for coming to get me,” he said, then looked up at Erica, who was still standing. “And thank you to you. This couldn’t have been easy for you.”
“It got easier as it went along,” she said. “Welcome home.”
Jeff looked up and down the street. “Looks like we avoided a crowd. We should probably get off of this porch. These people would freak to find a British soldier laying on their front stoop.”
They agreed and walked down the steps onto the sidewalk. Jeff had booked hotel rooms at a small place several blocks away, where they’d camp for the night. With his injured hand, though, he now planned to drop them off at the hotel before heading off to try to find the closest emergency room.
“Speaking of British soldiers,” Dexter said as they walked, a beaten trio, down the street along the row of townhouses, “do you know who you punched out?”
“No.”
Erica laughed. “That was Major Garvey. You broke his face. And you thought you couldn’t do it.”
“Can’t wait to get a history book and see the repercussions of that one,” Dexter said. “The war probably started that night.” He laughed, then half-a-block later said, “Before you came, did you guys look up to see what happened to me in 1770? Just curious.”
“Yeah – they hung you,” Jeff said quietly.
Dexter stopped walking, a look of astonishment on his face. He took in a deep breath.
“What is it?” Jeff said.
“I don’t know. In those few moments when they had me, I figured that’s what they would do, but knowing that it actually happened... Man, that’s pretty horrible. When was it?”
“Two days later.”
“Wow. I was more worried about dysentery. No such luck, though, huh?”
“Have to give Erica all the credit on finding that out. Talk about finding a needle in a haystack. We actually had to go to 1831 to get the information.”
“Interesting. Why 1831?”
“It had kind of a dual purpose,” Erica said, jumping in. “One, I wanted Jeff to prove to me that his time device actually worked, and two, I thought it was important for us to see the actual records of your hanging. Before the fire.”
“Which fire?”
“In the records office,” Jeff said. “Thomas Meeks?”
Dexter looked at Erica. “You talked to Thomas Meeks? Oh man, now I’m really jealous. He was supposed to be a wealth of knowledge. He was an adviser to John Walker and John Norvell, who started the original Philadelphia Inquirer in the late 1820s – at the same time he was managing the records office for the city. I never read anything about a fire, though. Seems like something I would know about.”
“Well, thanks to your friend here, I’ll wager that the place never burned down and the records are all intact, anyway,” Erica said.
“What did you do?” Dexter looked at Jeff.
He shook his head humbly. “I just gave Meeks a little tip about the lantern that was hanging there. She thinks it’s a big deal. I don’t know. Seemed pretty innocent to me.”
Dexter shook his head and then continued walking. “You continue to be awfully cavalier about all of this. History is not your playground.”
“That’s what I keep telling him,” Erica said.
“And even though you were successful in rescuing me, the idea of being hanged in the colonies just demonstrates even more the risks we’re taking here. These trips really have to end.”
“Guys, my hand and wrist are broken,” Jeff said, the pain now starting to throb and threaten his congeniality. “Can we save the double-teaming for the morning?”
“Yes,” Dexter said quietly. “Fair enough.”
They walked a block in silence, then Dexter said, “I don’t understand why we can’t just head to my place. I’d really like to just be at home. You’re both welcome to stay.”
Jeff shook his head. “I’m not going to drive you home now. Are you crazy? Look, we’ve been through a lot more than you have. We’re tired. It’s too far.”
“Far?” Dexter asked, then gave up.
Jeff ignored him, and they walked the remainder of the way to the hotel in silence, with just the whining of the streetlights overhead and an occasional late night driver passing by. The silence was only broken when Dexter said, “Thanks for coming to get me,” as they entered the hotel. Dexter and Erica went to their rooms, each having offered to come along to the hospital and been waved off.  Thinking he’d rather be alone to consider the day’s events, Jeff instead asked the front desk clerk to call him a cab to the closest hospital.

CHAPTER THIRTY

September 30, 2015

Jeff walked along the free breakfast buffet and added a warm cinnamon roll to his plate, silently commending himself for having enough attention to detail to have checked them into rooms at a hotel that offered free breakfast. Especially since he was extremely hungry. One of the dirty tricks time travel plays on your mind – they’d gone from the present to 1831 to 1770 back to the present, arriving after room service was closed for the night. While they hadn’t spent more than an hour or two in each time, when added together they’d missed a couple of meals. It was something he’d have to take into his equations on the next trip.
So, he was going to enjoy this one. He scooped a healthy serving of scrambled eggs onto his plate, then a pile of hash browns, and finally grabbed a bottle of hot sauce and found a table where he could see the big screen TV on the wall. He watched the MSNBC news anchor rambling on about another dip in the stock market. When would things stabilize?
The lounge area was empty – it was still early. He’d just gotten back from the hospital where they’d set his wrist, which turned out to be only sprained. Though, the knuckles on his punching hand, particularly between his index and middle finger where the impact had been, were bright purple and painful to the touch. But he’d amused himself when the nurses asked him who he’d gotten into a fight with by saying, “Some British asshole.” While he’d only gotten to doze intermittently, waiting for things to happen, after taking a cab back to the hotel he’d decided that, rather than try to sleep, he’d check out the buffet. So, he sat alone with a plateful of food, a cup of tea and an orange juice, enjoying the morning.
As the TV droned on, he thought about what they’d accomplished the night before. Reveled in it, actually. Dexter was safe, and to him, no sooner had they left than they were back to rescue him. They were able to erase over 200 years of history in about ten seconds. He thought of what else they might have changed along the way – the burning of the records facility, the unrest in colonial Philadelphia, the shape of Garvey’s face. He was certain that Erica’d gone to her room, powered up the internet, and started searching. He imagined Dexter would’ve gone right to sleep, but Erica would want to know exactly what mark they’d made. He understood, of course. The one that really worried him was the possible reaction to the attack on Garvey. Tensions were already high at that time in American history, and a Colonial directly assaulting a British officer was sure to be an issue.
He’d grabbed a Time magazine, ironically, to read while he ate, but it sat untouched. Partially from exhaustion and partially from his recollections of the day before, he wasn’t going to be able to concentrate on it, so he didn’t bother trying.
When his food was half-eaten, he noticed Dexter slide along the buffet bar, then scan the room. Seeing Jeff, he came and sat down across from him, setting his plate on the table. He retreated back to the buffet quickly to get coffee, then returned. “Any sign of Erica this morning?”
Jeff shook his head. “I was just thinking she’s either sleeping or neck-deep in Google searches to find out what history we changed.”
Dexter laughed. “That’s probably right.” He dug into his breakfast. “How did you get her to do this? When I wrote that, I really didn’t think there was a chance she’d agree to help.”
“Great,” Jeff said. “It is very comforting that the solution you suggested was one you didn’t believe had a chance of working.” He paused as Dexter smiled mischievously. “I told her the truth, and that I needed her. I think the fact that it was your suggestion carried some weight. She had some stipulations – like that she wanted to go to 1831 to Meeks’ shop. She also didn’t want four of us going because she thought it would be too difficult to get everyone back...”
“I would agree with that.”
“She wanted all three of us to know full well how to use the device and have all the coordinates be common knowledge. Nothing that wasn’t reasonable. She didn’t tell me until we were in 1831 that she wanted us to go right from there, without Emeka and Abby, but all things considered, I can’t blame her. From the look on her face, I’m pretty sure she didn’t think we could actually travel through time until she saw and felt it work for herself.”
“Makes sense. And was I right? Could you have done it without her?”
Jeff shrugged. “I doubt it. Maybe I could’ve muddled along and maybe I could’ve somehow ended up on that porch to hit Garvey, but I probably never would’ve felt confident enough to do it without her telling me I needed to.”
Dexter smiled. “You would’ve just left me there?”
“No, I would’ve figured something out – I’m just not sure my go-to plan would have been punching a guy.” He finished chewing, then laughed. “Although, you wouldn’t have had to stay there long.” He went to put his hands around his own neck, but his joke was halted by the pain in his wrist. “You know your phone thing worked?”
“What phone thing?”
“Where you buried your phone. I rung up my friend-finder app and it showed your phone sitting comfortably in Philadelphia, right where that jail was – the Old Stone Prison. It was really awesome.”
“Old Stone Jail,” Dexter said, correcting him. “Not quite sure what you’re talking about.”
Jeff took out his phone to show him. He pulled up Dexter’s location and was surprised to see it come up immediately on top of his own. “Well, that’s weird,” he said. “It says you’re right…” He looked up to see Dexter showing him his phone.
“Right here?” he asked.
“You weren’t in prison, so you never buried your phone,” Jeff said, realizing what had happened as he spoke. “Amazing. So I can’t even ask you how you did it because you don’t know.”
Dexter laid his phone on the table. “No, but I can tell you what I was going to try to do, which was coat it in candle wax to protect it and then bury it. Must’ve worked, huh?”
“It did. But I guess the point is moot.” There was another conversation he wanted to get to before Erica found them. “You ready for another trip?” he asked. He’d been wondering where his friend stood on that.
Dexter shook his head. “No, I’m done,” he said.
“Honestly?”
“Yeah. I was thinking about it laying there in bed last night, and there are really two things that are stuck in my brain. One – it’s damn scary to know what would’ve happened had you not been able to reach me. Hanged, Jeff. On a noose in the middle of the city. I don’t know about you, but that’s not a fate I envision for myself. We’re putting ourselves in harm’s way, trusting our lives to a computer that may or may not work as planned every time we need it to. Is it cool? Yes. Is it revolutionary? Yes. Is it worth it? Me and my neck think it’s not.”
Jeff had anticipated that answer, so he tried to look as casual as possible receiving it, shoveling a forkful of hash browns into his mouth. “And the other thing?”
“I’m finding myself in Erica’s corner,” he said, shaking his head while picking at his food. “We can’t play God. It’s not right. We’re screwing around with the way things are supposed to be. I haven’t had a chance to look yet, but I guarantee there had to be some fallout from what you did to Garvey. Had to be.”
“What if there wasn’t? Would you feel differently?”
He watched Dexter’s face as he thought. Finally, he shook his head and picked up his fork. “No, not really. We’re playing with fire.”
Jeff wiped his mouth with his napkin. “Well, I’m sorry to hear that. I think we’re close.”
“Close to what?”
“Close to where we need to be to make our success known.”
He put his fork down again. “You can’t do that.”
“Why not?”
“Jeff, out of all of the technologies that man has created to destroy himself, this is probably the most dangerous. Put this in the wrong hands... Hell, put this in the right hands and it has catastrophic implications. If anyone can just go back in time and change things-”
“What would it do?”
Dexter shrugged. “I don’t know, and I don’t want to think about it. It can’t be good, though.” He stuffed a scoop of eggs in his mouth and chewed slowly, obviously trying to change the subject by not saying another word.
“What’s to say someone already hasn’t found this technology and is using it?” He pushed him.
“That’s exactly my point. We would never know.”
“So where’s the harm in that?” Jeff felt it was a ridiculous thing to ask, but he wanted Dexter to give him a legitimate reason why he didn’t want to continue on with him.
Instead, he glared at him. “Honestly? Do I really have to answer that for you? Or should I call your new girlfriend to address the question?”
“Girlfriend?” Erica’s voice came from the side. The growing tension of the conversation had eliminated any sense of their surroundings. They looked up to see her standing beside the table with a tray. “May I?” she asked, a knowing grin on her face.
The table only had two chairs, so Jeff jumped up and pulled one over from the next table. Erica sat between them.
“You didn’t mention a girlfriend,” she said, pulling the foil off the top of her yogurt.
“That’s because I don’t have one. Dexter’s being melodramatic.” He noticed Erica looking down at the brace on his wrist. When she caught him looking at her, she made a sympathetic face. “It’s only sprained,” he said.
“So what’d you find?” Dexter asked, ignoring Jeff’s comment.
“What do you mean?”
“We’re pretty sure that you went back to your room last night and went right online. What did you find?”
Erica laughed. “You guys know me too well already. That’s exactly what I did. It turns out that there really wasn’t any uproar over the attack on Major Garvey. Mainly because, by the time the soldiers got to him, there was no one left standing there – just Garvey bleeding on the porch.” Jeff held up his good hand to high-five Dexter, who ignored him, annoyed. “Interestingly, Garvey never recovered and left his commission two years earlier than when we knew he did before. No mystery about the jewels as there was before. They were dispersed to the soldiers as instructed – I’ll be curious to see what the show I filmed a couple days ago is about without the story of the gemstones being available. Garvey died back in England about six years later after being trampled by a horse he’d fallen off of on his estate.”
“You know what’s interesting to me,” Jeff said, “is that before we did this, we had no idea what happened to Garvey. Now all of a sudden, it’s all right there for you?”
“Actually, I called an old friend first thing this morning. Expert on Colonial America. She filled me in.”
“She knew that things had changed?” Jeff asked.
Erica shook her head. “No, she knew Garvey’s history as she’d learned it. That’s the only history there is.”
“Ah, I keep forgetting that.” He laughed, and both historians scowled at him.
“Is that Rosalynn Darby?” Dexter asked.
Erica smiled and nodded.
He closed his eyes and shook his head slowly.
“What?” Jeff said.
“I really can’t stand that woman.”
“Why’s that?” Erica said, surprised.
“She spoke immediately after me at a conference once and basically refuted everything I’d just said. We actually got into a shouting match outside the auditorium after the event was over. Haven’t had much use for her since then.”
“We studied together at Stanford. She’s always been a good friend.” She laughed. “It’s hard for me to imagine her in a shouting match.”
Dexter smiled, but his disdain was clear. “Well, I don’t mean to insult your friend, but I believe there’s a big difference between spending your life dedicated to studying history and taking it up as a hobby because you’re bored and have money.” He stabbed a sausage link with his fork and bit off one end.
“Anything about the records office and the lantern?” Jeff asked, sliding into the tangential conversation.
“Ah, now this one’s a little more interesting,” she said, accepting the change of topic. Immediately, Jeff noticed her enthusiasm, which he thought was out-of-place for someone who’d been condemning him the day before. Or 180 years before. “Turns out our altruistic friend here actually saved Mr. Meeks’ shop with his brilliant suggestion. In fact, the building still exists today and is a historical archive and museum.”
“So we could go there right now and see it?” Jeff asked.
“Honestly?” Dexter asked, looking at him as though he were an idiot.
Erica nodded. “It’s a national landmark, with a collection of over 15,000 pieces from Colonial America, including a selection of the stones from the attempted Garvey heist in addition to the archived records collected and kept by Thomas Meeks. In fact, my friend said that she’s done a great deal of research there.”
“That’s unbelievable.” Jeff said. He slapped Dexter’s arm. “Isn’t that unbelievable?”
“I agree,” Erica said. “But I haven’t even told you the truly unbelievable part yet. Guess who the curator of the museum is?”
“I don’t know. Gotta be your friend, this Rosalynn lady?”
“Why would you-” Dexter started to say.
She shook her head, looking at Jeff. “Actually, it’s your friend.”
“What do you mean?”
With a grand gesture, she introduced the museum’s curator, sitting across the table from Jeff, then sat back smugly.
“No way.”
“I don’t understand why this is surprising you,” Dexter said. “You’ve been there a hundred times.”
“What are you talking about? I’ve never been there. It didn’t even exist. You’re the one that I would think would be surprised. You leave a Columbia professor and come back the curator of this museum in Philadelphia?”
Dexter shook his head. “Columbia? I haven’t been to Columbia in years. I did a lecture there once, but that had to be ten, twelve years ago.”
“So you know you’re the curator of this museum?” Jeff asked slowly. “How is that?”
“Jeff, yes, of course. I’ve only been doing it for the last ten years.”
“Wait a minute,” Erica said, almost beside herself with excitement. The smugness was completely gone, replaced with childlike fascination. “You have no recollection of working at Columbia?”
“Should I?” Jeff could tell the tone in his friend’s voice was starting to raise toward aggravation.
“Oh my goodness.” Erica slapped the table loudly, catching the attention of the other diners in the room. She looked at Jeff. “You see what happened here, don’t you?”
“I’m not sure,” he said. Though that was more denial than anything. He actually was pretty sure.
She leaned forward again toward Dexter. “Where’d you go to college?”
“Princeton.”
“No, you didn’t,” Jeff said. “You went to Harvard.”
“Jeff, I’m pretty sure I went to Princeton. What are you telling me? That where you come from I have a different life?”
“The lantern,” Erica said. “The lantern. Dexter wasn’t with us when that happened, which means that everything changed around him.”
“But he was out of my sight for about thirty seconds.”
“No, he was out of your sight for 200 years back and forth, with a layover in 1831 – plus thirty seconds.” The look on her face was somewhere between giddy and I-told-you-so. “When you stopped Meeks from burning down his office-”
“You guys still haven’t answered me,” Dexter said, interrupting. “Where you come from... In your brains... Meeks’ office burned down, I graduated from Harvard, and I’m a professor at Columbia?”
Jeff nodded. “Well, part-time, but yes.”
“And you think things changed because the shop didn’t burn down?”
“How’d you get the job at the Museum?” Erica asked. Jeff thought she was going to jump out of her chair, she asked the question with such energy.
“I took a job with the Museum during high school and worked my way up while I was in college.”
She laughed. “Well, yeah – and if the Museum wasn’t there, you wouldn’t have done that. This is awesome.”
“Why is it awesome?” Dexter asked.
“Because now I’m not the only one sitting here thinking about ‘what ifs.’ You guys have done it to yourselves now.”
“Well, that’s nice,” Dexter said, then stood up from the table, picked up his phone, and stormed out the front doors of the hotel.
Erica watched him leave before looking back at Jeff. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be glib about it. You can’t say that I didn’t warn you, though.”
“What about you?”
“What about me? How did I turn out? The same. Nothing different. Still got my show. Still at Stanford.”
“And me?”
“Nothing but a sprained wrist. You’re not in our world, Jeff, so there really wasn’t anything that happened that would’ve dramatically changed your life.” She took a bite of oatmeal and thought for a moment. “I guess you can say fate would’ve led Dexter to his new lot in life, but that’s probably romanticizing it. The truth is that he’s a historian who grew up in Philadelphia where there are a lot of options to get involved in the field. Now, thanks to you, there was one more – and an attractive one at that. It’s not too much of a stretch that he would end up there.”
“I never would’ve thought it could’ve gotten so personal.”
“Personal?”
“You know – that some distant event two centuries ago could affect one of our lives; it’s not like there were dozens of us involved. Just the three of us.”
“Hello? Jeff? I’m sitting right here. Me. Remember? Lucius Fitzsimmons’ great-great-great-great granddaughter?” She poked him in the arm, but he suddenly wasn’t in a fun mood. “All joking aside, I’ve been where he is right now. My advice for you is to try to handle it a little better than you did last time.”
“I honestly don’t know what to say. If anything.”
“Well, we should go get him,” she said. “But before we do, I have an idea I want to run past you.”
“An idea?” She was all over the place here. She wasn’t even going to give him a moment to process what had just happened.
“An idea where we can continue your experiments without changing the past.”
“Well, we don’t have Dexter. He just told me he’s out.”
She shook her head. “We don’t need him. Or the others. Just you and me.”
“What is it?”
“We go to the future.”
“We do what?”
Jeff’s phone vibrated on the table. He picked it up and looked – Dexter’s name with a 610 area code, which looked odd to him. He clicked it on and answered, “Hello?”
“I’d like to go home now,” Dexter said.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

“Nice house,” Jeff said.
He was looking out the front window of their car at Dexter’s home in Bryn Mawr in suburban Philadelphia. “It’s a step up from your other place.”
Erica watched as Dexter got out of the car without a word, relieved to be home. He closed the door behind him and started walking toward the front door of the house as if he had no intention of providing them any closure. Jeff jumped out of the driver’s side of the car and followed him, then Erica joined them. Dexter stopped about ten paces from the front porch.
The house was a good-sized Tudor – at least three bedrooms, maybe four. The brown trim of the house contrasted against the white, reflecting the sun from a cloudless sky. The landscaping was detailed and picturesque. Very professional. Not anything that Erica could’ve imagined that Dexter, from what she knew of him, would’ve done himself. The grass was wonderfully manicured and a series of statues that she recognized as Greek gods and goddesses lined the walkway up to the front door. A shiny white late model Jeep Cherokee sat in the driveway.
“That’s it?” Jeff asked. “We just drop you off at home and get on our way?”
“Are you looking for some kind of emotional reaction? This is my life, Jeff. I don’t have to get used to it. You do.”
Erica leaned on the hood of the car, wanting to say something but knowing better than to interject between the two friends. On the silent twenty-minute ride to Dexter’s house, she couldn’t tell who was having the bigger issue with what had happened. She empathized with Dexter, certainly, sharing with him the drama of realizing what Jeff’s experiments had done to them. She hadn’t believed it either when she’d found out about herself. There was nothing onto which she could grasp. All she could do was take Jeff’s word as to what had happened. Now Dexter found himself in the same predicament.
Jeff, for the first time since she’d been involved with him, seemed to have wavered in his confidence. Like the heavyweight champion who gets cut for the first time so everyone can see he’s human. But she guessed that once they were on the road and Dexter was out of his face, he’d be back on his horse. That’s where she figured her role was. She could stay out of this conversation.
“I can’t just leave you here,” he said.
Dexter laughed. “This is my home, Jeff. Where else are you going to leave me? All I want to do is go inside and go to bed with nobody bothering me. You go back to New York and I’ll catch up with you in a day or so. Don’t worry about me. I’m okay. You need to make sure you’re okay.”
Erica noticed he was looking past Jeff at the lawn. The gardeners must’ve missed something.
Jeff swung around to see where he was looking. “What is it?”
“I will admit to you that those Greeks are new.”
“I thought they were weird,” Erica said. “You’re an American history guy.”
Behind Dexter, the front door opened and a young woman bounded out of the house and down the walkway toward them.
“Uh, this is something new, too,” Dexter said after turning toward the noise. He said it without moving his lips.
The woman’s pretty, yet pale, face showed worry, and her long black hair flowed behind her as she sped toward Dexter, throwing her arms around his neck. “Honey, where have you been? I’ve been so worried about you,” she said, holding his neck and kissing his face. “Are you okay?”
Erica watched with great interest, then caught Jeff looking at her. He shook his head, telling her he had no idea about this. Dexter uncomfortably hugged the woman, then awkwardly patted her on the back and told her he was fine. She leaned back and looked at him, still holding his arms, then embraced him again.
Standing there, Erica didn’t want to seem callous, but a playground-quality “I told you so” was welling up inside her. Even if she didn’t spring it on them there, she’d be delivering it to Jeff during the car ride back to New York. She wanted to feel compassionate, but the recklessness of their experiments had put them squarely into this position. Bluntly, they deserved what they got. Well, Dexter, at least. Jeff seemed to be coming through everything unscathed other than for the fact that his best friend now lived in Philadelphia instead of around the corner.
“I was so worried,” the woman said again as Erica searched for and spotted a wedding ring on her left hand. “I tried calling. Where’s your phone?”
“My phone,” Dexter said, weary. “Battery.”
Erica craned her neck to see if somehow a similar ring had appeared on Dexter’s hand, but there was nothing. Perhaps he’d removed it for the mission.
The woman finally let go of Dexter and looked past him at Jeff. “If I didn’t know he was with you, I would’ve been in really bad shape,” she said, catching Jeff off-guard.
After stuttering for a moment, Jeff caught himself. “Don’t worry, he was in good hands. Thanks for letting me borrow him.”
Erica tried to catch the look on Dexter’s face, but suddenly the attention was on her. Jeff looked at Dexter and must have realized he wasn’t going to say anything, so he jumped in. “Oh, I’m sorry. This is Dr. Erica Danforth. She’s been working with me – with us – on our research team.”
The woman extended her hand. “Nice to meet you. I’m Elizabeth, Dexter’s wife. These guys call me Liz, though, so you can too.”
Erica hesitantly shook it. “Nice to meet you, too.” Strangely, the woman looked vaguely familiar.
Liz returned to Dexter, grasping his arm tightly. “You guys look tired. Can I get you something? Will you stay for a bit?”
To Erica’s surprise, this time Jeff spoke up. She thought he’d want to be there for his friend as he met his wife for the first time. Not so, though. “No, we’ve had a long night and we have a good ride back to the city. We should get on the road.”
She looked at him and his face was stone. No expression at all. She wanted to punch him in the arm and tell him that he needed to stick around at least for a little while, but couldn’t bring herself to be so obvious. Instead, they all said a quick goodbye and a moment later they were sitting in the car watching Dexter walk up the sidewalk like he was headed to the gas chamber.
“What the hell was that?” she asked him once Dexter and Mrs. Dexter had closed the front door behind them.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know what to do.” Jeff put the car in reverse and backed out of the driveway. “I literally had nothing to say. Apparently we’re old friends, but I have no idea who she is. That was so surreal.” He took off down the tree-lined street, a fair bit faster than the town’s recommended speed limit.
“Well, what are you going to do now? He’s your best friend. You can’t just leave him to fend for himself – especially since this new twist is entirely your fault.”
He held up his hands to calm her down, a gesture that Erica definitely had never liked – no self-confident woman wanted to be calmed down, particularly when she was right. “We will,” he said, though. “We will address it somehow. If there’s one thing you should know about me, if you haven’t figured it out already, it’s that I don’t – I can’t – act on the fly. I’m a meticulous planner, and when I’m presented something like what I was just presented with, I freeze. I can’t react, I can’t do anything. But give me some time to process it, and we’ll come up with something.”
At least he had a point for shushing her. “I don’t know if there’s anything to come up with,” she said as he turned onto Highway 30 into the center of the town which would lead them to the Pennsylvania Turnpike. “Like I’ve told you a hundred times, you’ve dramatically changed things. This new reality is the reality.”
“I’ll accept the blame for the lantern thing, but I have no idea what we could’ve changed that got him married.” He paused, thinking. “He loathed relationships. Vowed never to get married. I don’t know, maybe we go back and fix things.”
“But what are you fixing? This, right now, where your friend Dexter is married, is what you’d be fixing. There is no telling what would happen if you changed something else.”
They drove for a short while in silence. Surprisingly, her thoughts drifted to a frustration at why she was even there in the first place. How she’d gotten caught up in this twisted soap opera created by people she’d met a week before, and to whom she had no allegiance. While she didn’t understand why, she didn’t feel bad at all for Dexter. She hadn’t taken the time to process what she’d do in the same situation, which probably afforded her the ability to be cynical about it. These two guys had been playing with fire and now one of them had gotten burned. There wasn’t too much mystery to this history.
Jeff was moving along the Turnpike faster than what made her comfortable, but given the circumstances of the day, she simply tried to distract herself. She was actually starting to doze off when he finally spoke again, close to the New Jersey line.
“What’s really stopping anyone, then, from going back in time and changing things?” he asked, though she couldn’t tell if he was being rhetorical or not. “Dexter and I were just talking about this earlier. This reality could be something more orchestrated than we know.”
“Well, aside from the fact that the technology isn’t universally known-”
“But you’re not thinking about the future. What’s to say that, in the future, everyone doesn’t have one of these things, and people can just go back and change the past to suit their needs whenever they want? Or, even, the wealthy have the opportunity to go back in time?”
She took a deep breath and watched the trees on the side of the road zip past. “I think it’s a reasonable question from a purely scientific standpoint. But the reality is that your concept is a little far-fetched.”
“Alright, well I ventured into hyperbole there – but let’s take one entity... The United States government. What if they were just changing things all the time? There’d be no way any of us would know. Right?”
“You’re thinking micro versus macro,” she said, without looking at him. “On a macro level, yes, the changes that you’ve made happened around everyone. The only people who have the knowledge of what history was before you changed it are the people that made the trip. On the micro level, you, Dexter and I don’t know of any changes that were made in our own pasts. Which is why Dexter is standing in his kitchen right now trying to pretend that he knows everything about a woman he’s never seen before. But you’re right – if someone else had traveled through time and changed the course of history, we would never know it.”
“But should we know it? Is it in our best interest to know?”
Now she finally looked at him. After what he’d pulled with her, now he asked if it was the right thing to do? “It doesn’t matter, Jeff. It’s just like your explanation about why you had to put the diamond back into the device when you had the choice not to. Because you did. Because it would not have shown up a minute earlier if you hadn’t. What’d you call it? Fulfillment? We’re in a reality right now that’s come to be because an infinite number of circumstances have led us directly to this point. Whether someone has manipulated that or not really doesn’t matter because there’s nothing for us to do about it. It is what it is.”
He was quiet for a long moment, then spoke, “You know you do a pretty good job of keeping me focused. Especially when you use my own conclusions. That helps.” Another couple miles of silence, and then he said, “Tell me about your plan to go to the future.”
“What?”
“You started to mention it when we were at breakfast, then Dexter interrupted.”
“I know what you mean, but you want to talk about it right now?”
“Yeah. It’ll help me get some perspective. I’m all scrambled right now.”
She shrugged. “Alright. There’s a way to continue your experiments without causing more catastrophe – at least to our present time. The future is yet to be written, so you can play there.”
“But everything we’ve done has taken meticulous research and planning. How could we possibly know what we’d be walking into?”
“It’s actually pretty easy. We go ten years into the future and research what we want to do five years from now. Then go back and do it.”
She saw a smile cross Jeff’s face. “You’re diabolical,” he said.
“What, you’re smiling now? You’re excited by this?” She shook her head in disbelief, both amused and horrified. “All we had to do was cross the state line, and you’ve already forgotten what happened back there?” She’d been thinking about how to push Jeff to actually do this. She didn’t think after the situation with Dexter that he’d be up for it. That he was even bringing it up was a shock to her.
Jeff took his eyes off the road for the first time and looked at her, right into her eyes. “I have to be honest with you, while I’m having trouble comprehending all of this, I’m finding myself having a hard time feeling sorry for Dexter. We’re all scientists here, whether it be social or physical science. We all know that what we were doing here was an experiment, and that there was the possibility of unintended consequences. Does it suck that he has to learn all about who he is now? Sure. But it’s not like he ended up in the slums. He’s got a beautiful house, a hot wife, and a great job that he appears to love. The alternative scenario was that he’s hanged in the town square. I don’t know – is it wrong of me to feel that way?”
“It’s probably a little cold, Jeff,” she said. “But if you’re looking at everything strictly from a scientific perspective, you can probably sleep well tonight knowing that your research has taken a tremendous leap forward. That’s if you’re able to admit that your hypothesis has changed, of course.”
“How so?”
“Your experiment is no longer whether you can travel through time. You’ve already proven you can do that. Your experiment is now to evaluate what happens when you do it.”
He looked forward at the highway without speaking. They were getting toward the northern part of New Jersey now, so the traffic was picking up again. She’d hit a chord with him. He had to have known that there wasn’t too much he could still do related to moving through time. Not only had he achieved involving people – even multiple people – but he’d been able to pinpoint the destination to the second. There wasn’t any other assessment of his experiment to be made, other than to say it had been a tremendous success. Other than the side effects, of course. She thought of all of those cholesterol medicine commercials – where the prescription will lower your bad cholesterol but might cause bleeding ulcers and leprosy. Time travel had its own issues.
After a short while, Jeff spoke again, his eyes again locked on the highway. “So I guess that would be a natural next step?”
“What would?”
“Traveling to the future.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Your point makes sense about the next phase of the experiment. When you think about time travel and the possibilities, you’re really contemplating making changes. It’s difficult to believe that anyone interested in this technology – with the possible exception of you and Dexter – would want it so that they could simply go sightseeing. So now we know that you can travel into the past and make changes to history that will dramatically change the present, which would offer one form of control. The other form of control would be analyzing what’s upcoming and then making changes in the present to either mitigate or stimulate them. So as far as carrying the experiment to the next phase, I think you’re right on.”
“It’s amazing when you talk about it in terms of science that it completely loses the essence of danger that really surrounds it.”
“Yeah,” Jeff said, with kind of a laugh. Not a real one, though. He was too deep in thought. “I guess so.”
In his pocket, Jeff’s cell phone went off – Erica recognized the ringtone as the theme song from the alien ship in the Spielberg movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Good movie. Creepy ringtone. He struggled for a minute to pull it from his pocket, then looked at the face of it. “It’s Dexter,” he said, then answered. “Hello?”
She watched as he talked, trying to ascertain what Dexter was saying from the look on Jeff’s face.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Honestly, man, I didn’t know what I was supposed to do.”
A laugh, maybe a little nervous. “Well, at least you know me well.”
“I wouldn’t have thought that would be the case, but I guess so.”
“No. Still about a half-hour.”
“Alright. Whatever you say. I trust your judgment.”
“No, I don’t think that’ll be a problem.”
“Yeah, well anything’s better than getting your neck stretched.”
“I don’t know, man. Let’s talk first.”
“Alright. I’ll see you in a couple days.”
“Oh, sure.”
He pulled the phone from his ear and extended it to Erica. “He wants to talk to you.”
Surprised, she took it from him. “Hello?”
“Well, I still need to figure out how it happened, but you’re going to be blown away by who the little lady is,” Dexter said. He was talking very quietly. Erica interpreted it as him having snuck away for privacy.
“Yeah? Who is it?”
“About nine months ago, I apparently married Liz Darby.”
“Liz Darby,” Erica said, searching her brain for the connection. “Should I know-? Wait – Rosalynn’s daughter, Liz Darby?”
“Yep.”
“Which would make Rosalynn your-”
“Mother-in-law. Yep.” His response was short. He was not pleased.
She looked over at Jeff, hoping he was getting what was going on from her half of the conversation. The significance of the name would be lost on him, though. “She didn’t say anything on the phone this morning.”
“Why would she?”
“What are you going to do?”
“I’m not going to do anything. This is my life now.”
“Well, you have to figure out what happened.”
“That’s first on my to-do list.”
They said goodbye and she clicked the phone off, setting it down on the console between them.
“Very interesting,” Jeff said. “So he’s married to the daughter of that woman he can’t stand? Your friend?”
She nodded.
“He can’t be too happy about that. Wow. How do you go to your wife and ask her how you got together?”
“I bet they met while Rosalynn was doing her research at his museum. That would make sense.”
They drove a few minutes in silence, then Jeff shook his head. “No, that can’t be all it was. If you think about it, the Museum is there and he knows he works there. So your friend could’ve been doing her research there in Dexter’s reality. Something else changed that put Dexter and her daughter together.”
“What do you mean, in Dexter’s reality?” she asked. There were starting to be a lot of levels here.
“I’m going to say this out loud – see if it makes sense. We made a change in 1831 without Dexter there. When we caught up with him, he was already aware of the new reality. Then, we get back here and somehow there’s another reality – the one where he’s married. But he didn’t know about that one. And neither did we. So that change had to have taken place while all three of us were in 1770.”
The logic actually made her brain hurt. “Not a lot happened while we were there. Not that we could trace to the present, at least. We’ll have to think about that.”
Another pause. She knew Jeff was trying to plot the reality map. For her, there was way too much going on for her to even want to delve into it. The interpretation could wait until Dexter got some more information.
Finally, Jeff spoke. “Well, he said she corrected him in front of people and then they had a screaming match. Sounds like a mother-in-law to me.”
Erica laughed. “It’ll probably be a while before he really knows how he feels about all of this. Believe me, it takes some settling in. I know.” She wanted to get the dig in, but realized she could probably only push her own frustrations so far if they were to stay on course, so she said, “He didn’t sound upset that we left,” she said.
He shook his head. “No, he wasn’t. Actually, he didn’t seem too upset about anything.”
“You’ll see him in two days?”
“Yeah, he says after a couple days of what he called ‘orientation’ he’ll want to discuss this in person so he can make some sense of it. So he’s going to drive up to New York the day after tomorrow. Use tomorrow to get to know himself.”
“Why did you say you trust his judgment?”
“That’s the interesting part,” Jeff said, pulling off of the Turnpike and driving through the EZ Pass lane onto the Garden State Parkway. “He called for one reason specifically, which was to tell us not to do anything rash like try to go back and fix things. Now, does that sound like something we would do?”
“It does, yes. You, not me.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right. Anyway, he says that there’s way too much to think about and that we should not just up and try to change anything. That he’s fine. We’ll talk. We’ll see where everything stands tomorrow.”
“I suppose that’s a courageous spirit. But, honestly, he wouldn’t know if we did anyway.”
“Yeah. That’s true.”
“Well, at least you can feel a little better.”
“Don’t you?”
She laughed. “I didn’t feel bad in the first place. You guys had it coming to you.”
“Yeah, well, he also said we should destroy the device.”
“I’ll bet he did. But you know that’s never going to happen. And that’s pointless – you’d be able to make another.” She knew it wasn’t about the device. It was all about Jeff’s intentions.
He drove several miles without speaking again. Erica glanced over a few times, watching his face, trying to get a gauge on what he was thinking. There was definitely contemplating going on, so it was likely he’d moved on from Dexter and his new situation.
Finally, he summed it up for her. “The future, then?”
“The future,” she said.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Jeff walked into his house, closed the door behind him, and toppled onto the couch. He tossed his keys onto the coffee table and lay back, putting his right foot up. He was officially exhausted.
It wasn’t missing sleep while he was in the hospital that had done him in, either. In his mind, he likened it to traveling by plane. A three hour flight wasn’t that big a deal, but for some reason the mind made it seem like a big deal. Something about knowing you traveled across several states made it a tiring experience. In reality, no more time had really passed than normal during their time travel – in fact, they’d actually skipped some hours to make sure they came back under the cover of night. And yet, now that it was done, the magnitude of the trip had caught up with him. Strangely, he didn’t feel like it was the stressful content of the trip that was affecting him, but the actual miles – or years, he supposed.
After dropping Erica off at her hotel, just a few miles down the road, he’d felt himself start to doze as he drove. Her conversation had kept him alert during the drive from Philadelphia, but now that he was home he was starting to lose focus. The soft cushions of his sofa hugged his back and he spread his arms out to take up as much room as possible, accentuating his freedom. He hadn’t even taken the time to get his bag from the trunk, and while it occurred to him that the time travel device was currently unattended, even that didn’t give him motivation enough to stand again. It could wait until the next time he moved – whenever that might be.
Before allowing his eyes to close, though, he instinctively took a glance around his living room to see if things were the same as he’d left them. What he hadn’t expected to see was a photo sitting on the end table of himself with Dexter, both in tuxedos, Jeff with one arm around his friend playfully punching him in the chest. He picked up the frame, unhitched the back, and pulled out the picture, thinking he might’ve written the date on it. No luck, so he laid the picture face down on the table and returned his head to the throw pillow where it had been. Another look around the room showed nothing else out of order. He knew there really wasn’t any reason why there would be. He couldn’t trace anything that would have changed his life like Dexter’s.
Dexter. He doubted that, with Dexter living in Philadelphia and tied down with a wife, they’d have the same relationship they’d had before. Still, his wife knew him, and that they hadn’t disrupted their experiments by changing Dexter’s life suggested that there was some degree of fate involved. Somewhere along the line, he’d still sought out Dexter for his work and, even though he wasn’t local, he’d still answered the call. In addition, Dexter being away from home without explanation seemed to be okay with his wife, as long as he was with Jeff. While many things had changed, Dexter’s involvement in the Wilton job was still a part of their history.
Which amazed him, truth be told. That despite a completely different set of circumstances, he and Dexter would still come together. He promised himself that once he had some energy he would look at his notes to see how and when in this new reality he’d reached out to him. Assuming any records he’d kept would reflect the new reality, too.
He looked at the television remote on the coffee table, teasing him, and thought about reaching for it. He closed his eyes. It would only be a distraction from peaceful sleep.
There was a knock on the front door. He kept his eyes closed. Ignore it. It’ll go away.
Then he heard the door open. He jumped up, ready to defend his home with his good hand.
“Jeff?” he heard Erica call, coming into the foyer. “Are you here?”
Groggy, he took a few steps away from the couch to where he could see her. “What are you doing here? How did you get here?”
“I took a cab,” she said. “I couldn’t wait.”
“Wait? Wait for what?”
“I think we should do it.”
“Do what?”
“Go to the future.” Her face was lit up. He hadn’t seen that from her before.
“Alright, we will. I thought we’d decided that.” He was reeling from the thirty-second nap he’d taken. He couldn’t tell if it was because he was overtired or because she just wasn’t making sense. But she just wasn’t making sense.
“I mean now. Right away.”
“Oh, man, you’re ambitious,” he said, sitting back down. “I’m exhausted, Erica. I’m not doing anything right now but lying right here on this couch.”
“Alright, then, how about tomorrow? Rest today, and then tomorrow we go.”
“Why the hurry?”
She shrugged. “Why not the hurry? Right away is as good a time as any. My flight back to California is tomorrow evening. Once I go back, who knows if we’ll ever see each other again? We don’t need any meticulous planning for this one. No prep time. Just a time and a place.”
Jeff smiled, realizing her motive. “You think I’m going to let you go back to California and then do this without you.”
“Well, no, not really, but I suppose you could and I’d never know. You really don’t need a historian in this scenario.”
“Actually, I was thinking the exact opposite. The plan you suggested is to go forward ten years, then find an instance five years before. We will definitely need someone who knows how to research on the team. Dexter’s out. I need a historian. If I’m doing this, I’m doing it with you.”
“Jeff, I can’t promise you that once I go back to California I won’t come to my senses and decide against this. There is a window of opportunity here that includes both proximity and motivation. I have to imagine a six-hour flight home will jog my common sense.” She was grinning.
“Opportunity is hardly a good reason to conduct a scientific experiment,” he said, not believing his own words. Truth was, he didn’t want her to go back right away anyway, and not wholly because of the time travel proposal. “Plus, there’s work to be done. We can’t just do it willy-nilly. Abby hasn’t calculated the coordinates yet. We haven’t even asked Emeka and her if they’re-”
She shook her head. “No. We don’t need them.”
“Of course we do. Why would you say that?”
“Just you and me. Same as in 1770. We can’t control that many people at one time. It’s going to be too difficult.”
“Erica, this is my team you’re dismantling.” He had that uncomfortable feeling again of losing control.
“We can do this and be back and they’ll never know. It’s better to ask forgiveness than permission.”
Jeff stopped. Why was she putting him in this position? He shook his head. “No, I need Abby to program the coordinates. We’d need her to be there.”
“Can’t she show you how to do it?”
“I know how to do it. I need her software, though.” He paused to think for a moment, but it wasn’t only about her plan. It was about why she was pushing him. “It’s too sudden. I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“What about me?”
“What about you?”
“Can she teach me how to do it?”
She was earnest about this, he could plainly see. He had to admit that her wanting him for herself was having an effect – especially with the lengths she was willing to go to make sure it was just the two of them. He was sleepy, though, and probably not at full capacity, so he tacitly endorsed her position by changing the subject.
“Well, where we end up is a concern in itself. We can’t just pick a park or a parking lot because we’ll have no way of knowing that a building wasn’t built there in the future.”
“But you said-”
“Yes, the item traveling displaces the item there, but we can’t get stuck inside a wall or anything. We don’t want to put ourselves into a situation where we get trapped.”
She was smiling, which both amused and concerned him. “I’ve already thought about this.”
“Oh yeah, what’d you come up with?” He said it more as a challenge than he meant to.
“The beach,” she said. “We do it at the beach.”
“How does that-” He pulled back his question, nodding instead. “Very interesting. We can safely assume that there wouldn’t be new development right smack on a beach. We’d just have to make sure we land at night so we don’t end up on top of some poor sunbather.”
“It’s the safest bet. The only thing we’d need to worry about is low tide and a short drop if the beach has eroded over ten years. But even the tide we can scientifically plot out ahead of time.”
Finally, he decided he was too tired. Her enthusiasm was exhausting him all the more. He motioned to her to sit across from him. “Actually, low tide would probably be preferable. I haven’t tested what happens using the time device standing in water.”
“Probably wouldn’t be good, would it?”
He shook his head, looking at her sitting there. If he had to, there was no way he’d be able to explain his relationship with her to anyone. He’d literally created her. Then he’d insulted and ostracized her. Then he’d asked her for help. Then they’d gone on an adventure together – a type of adventure that no one in history had ever experienced. And now, he was becoming enamored with her. Her new-found enthusiasm didn’t help. The spark in her eyes made him notice them in a way he hadn’t before.
“What is it?” she asked, suspicious.
“Nothing, really. I’m just trying to figure you out. You’ve gone from a fierce opponent of everything I’m doing to a cheerleader, and in what? Two days?”
“Well,” she said, “there is something to all of this.”
“Ah, the hook,” he said, trying to figure out what she was going to say now before she said it. There was something she wanted to do for herself. Some moment in history she wanted to experience even though every argument she made was against just that. But since that wasn’t his own argument, he would have no problem taking her wherever she wanted to go.
“After we do this experiment in the future, I want you to let your government sponsors know what you’ve been up to.”
He gasped, suddenly feeling more awake than he’d been in hours. “That is not what I expected you to say.”
“What did you expect me to say?”
“I don’t know – that you wanted a special mission for yourself? Something along those lines.”
She shook her head quickly. “No, no. You know how I feel about that.”
“Well, I do, but I was bracing for a change. Why would you think I should go to the government with this? If anything, I would think your advice would be to keep it out of their hands.”
“Yes, it would be,” she said, leaning forward. “My first inclination would be to have you destroy the device, destroy your records, and never speak of this again. But I know you’re not going to do that. You’ve invested too much of yourself into it, and you’re like an out-of-control weight lifter that keeps adding pounds to his bench press to see how much he can lift – only to have it become dangerous. Or those people that keep injecting Botox into their face in search of the perfect complexion, who end up looking like they’re made out of plastic. You’re not going to stop. You’re going to keep pushing it and pushing it, and the safest way to get you to self-monitor is to have you give it to the authorities. Turn yourself in, so to speak.”
Jeff cringed at her analogies, mainly because he didn’t want to hear then. There was too much truth to them. “And you trust them?”
“No – but I trust them more than anyone else whose hands it might fall into.”
“And you trust them more than me,” Jeff said before she could finish her thought herself.
“Jeff, that’s not what I meant,” Erica frowned. “Anyone in your position would probably feel the same way after inventing something like this.  Do I trust you more than I trust the government, in general? Yes. Do I trust you to be tempted and make mistakes that could really screw things up? Because you’re human? That’s a yes, too.”
He flopped back on the couch pillows, which only moments before had felt like such a relief. Now they were just stuffy and annoying. It had been a long time since a woman had had enough influence over him to make him stop and think about what he was doing, and he wasn’t sure he liked it. He could easily tell her ‘no, thanks for her help’, and offer to drive her to the airport the next day. Or, he could put some stake in what she was saying and go along with her, which would mean a drastic deviation from his intended path.
Not having been in any kind of relationship since middle school, he was the first to admit that he was not very good at face-to-face, confrontational conversations with women. While this hadn’t escalated into “confrontational,” he wasn’t coming up with immediate responses for her. He could go toe-to-toe with anyone on how something could be accomplished, but the “why” of the question was never his strong suit. Not in an impromptu fashion, at least. He needed some time to think before he responded to her, and began to strategize how he could get that time. He thought about rushing off to the bathroom, or asking her to leave because he really needed to get some sleep.
Finally, he broke through her unrelenting stare and said, “Are you hungry? I could use something to eat.”
“Sounds good,” she said.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

Erica could hear Jeff’s footsteps on the hardwood upstairs as he changed his clothes. She smiled to herself – excusing himself to change his clothes was definitely an excuse to flee the conversation. It hadn’t surprised her. She believed that she knew him well enough already to know that the government piece wouldn’t settle well with him. Especially because he knew she was right. What he’d accomplished was too much power for one person to have, and it had already had disastrous effects. That his friend’s plight wasn’t having an impact on him told her a lot about where he was headed. She saw an opportunity to nip the problem in the bud, and hopefully set some things straight. She was going to take it.
She stood and walked across the room to Jeff’s computer station. She felt like the last time she’d been standing there was years ago. It was impressive, no doubt. As the screen savers danced across the four screens, she wondered how much time he spent sitting there slaving away at his algorithms designed to allow him to travel through time and change people’s lives. She would bet that not one of those algorithms took into account the dramatic impact that changing the past could have. To her mind, it probably wouldn’t be that difficult to figure out from the standpoint of probability. But as with any experiment, if you’re not looking for something, it’s going to be that much harder to find.
Jeff’s heavy footsteps now picked up pace and made their way to the stairwell and down. He’d put on darker jeans and wore a loose striped button-down with a black t-shirt underneath. She thought she smelled a little cologne on him, as well. Which was fine for her, because if he thought it was their budding relationship that was driving her actions here, she was willing to take that as far as it would go.
“I’ve been in the car too long, so let’s walk somewhere,” he said, grabbing his keys from the coffee table. “There’s a little deli a couple streets down that makes these big sandwiches. That sound alright?” He motioned with his hands to show her the ridiculous size of the sandwich.
“I like sandwiches,” she said, then followed him out the door.
They walked two blocks before he finally spoke. “If you think that the right thing to do is to go to the government with this, why would you suggest this final mission to the future?”
Since she knew he’d been thinking about what to say, she’d prepped for the question. “Well, I’m a scientist like you – a social scientist, of course, but we approach things the same way – and I would suggest that your experiments are incomplete. You’ve tackled the past and seen what can happen, but you still need to understand the future. That information will be valuable for when you turn the technology over. You haven’t finished yet.”
“I still don’t see the sense of turning everything in. Especially coming from you. They’ll do nothing good with it.”
“Jeff, they’re going to figure it out at some point anyway. It might as well be in a controlled environment. It is your creation. You’ll have some say as to what happens with it.”
“Yeah, I doubt it.”
“Well, it’s a safer bet.”
They came to the corner deli, which was busy. There was a line of about a dozen people standing in front of a glass case filled with meats, customers in front calling out orders to four aproned workers hustling from the fresh bread rack to the prep counter. The line went quickly, though, and they ordered. After getting their sandwiches, which were as big as advertised, Jeff steered her up a flight of stairs to a rooftop seating area.
“Not too many people know you can sit up here. It’s a little secret for us regulars.” He was trying to be charming, in spite of the serious topic on the table.
She nodded as they sat. Each of them went about the business of preparing their food, squeezing packets of mustard onto piles of deli meat and sliding their pickles to the side for later. Jeff’s hand was still tender, sporting the wrap he’d gotten at the hospital in Philadelphia, so she helped opened his bag of chips for him. Then they finally looked up at one another.
“I don’t know what to say,” he said, digging in. “I have a lot of reservations about this.”
“Then destroy the device and we wash our hands of everything.” She chewed with enjoyment. While she loved being a West Coaster, they didn’t have food like this back home. She was sick of sourdough bread. It was why she gained a couple of pounds every time she came east for the show or a lecture – between the Philly cheese steaks, thin crust pizza and Southern fried chicken, she had a hard time thinking of her weight while traveling. She often said it was difficult to be a historian without an appreciation of regional food.
“You know I’m not going to do that. This could be the most important discovery of all time. I can’t just make it all disappear.”
“Why do the most important discoveries of all time have to be the most dangerous?”
He sighed. He didn’t like that line at all. She watched as he ate silently. The look on his face was one of defiance. He wasn’t biting, so she turned it up a notch. “Jeff, the idea of free-for-all use of the time device is one I can’t support. You know how distressed I am about everything that’s already happened – and the only reason I’ve engaged with you is to not only try to fix things, but to try to bring some reason to what you’re trying to accomplish. Help you get beyond yourself and see what’s really happening. If your intent is to go on with this without any checks and balances, I can’t be a part of it. All I’ll be able to do is get on that plane tomorrow, go home, and hope to God you don’t do anything stupid. But you won’t hear from me again, I promise you.”
He put down his sandwich and looked at her with a new look on his face. One she hadn’t seen before. It was a mix of hurt and confusion. Purposefully, she’d entirely skipped the conversation about what was next for the two of them and had gone right to the ultimatum of what it would take to keep her in his life. Which made a big assumption that he wanted her in his life, while also insinuating that this was a hard thing for her to say. His immediate reaction told her everything, though. She was on the right track, and was confident that this would win him over.
“I won’t hear from you again?” he repeated. “Isn’t that kind of abrupt?”
“It’s called soul-searching, Jeff. What you’ve accomplished is the most amazing thing I can even comprehend. But it’s also the scariest thing I can comprehend. I can’t be party to the devastation it could cause.”
“But you wouldn’t even be here if I hadn’t-”
She held up a hand to stop him. “Well, that’s something to take into consideration now, isn’t it?”
“What do you mean?” He picked up his sandwich again.
“You’re saying that as though it’s a good thing, and you can afford to do that because we’ve become friends and I seem to you like a relatively good person. What if I was a murderer? What if somewhere in the family tree you created by ensuring Lucius Fitzsimmons lived there was a horrible murderer that killed someone and destroyed another family tree? What if it was you? Or someone close to you that died at the hand of someone you put into existence? How would you feel about that?”
“I guess I’d have to deal with the consequences. Just like Dexter. There are unintended consequences to every experiment.”
“No, you’d destroy that thing in a heartbeat, Jeff. There are no unintended consequences to worry about when you simply play it safe.”
“But the experiment’s already been done.”
She smiled. “Then why keep going? Let’s do this. Let’s finish it up tomorrow and then do the right thing and let your sponsors know what’s been going on. If your goal is to be famous, you’re never going to get there by sneaking around with your knowledge. You’re going to have to tell someone.”
Again, he chewed in silence. She could see his wheels turning. She’d successfully backed him into a moral corner, which was somewhere he probably hadn’t been in a while. “What do you think?” she asked. “Can we do this?”
After a moment, he nodded. “I will. After we do the future job, we’ll do something.”
“What do you mean, we’ll do something?”
“I’m not sure yet. But we’ll do one of the two options you laid out.”
“You mean you might destroy it?” She hadn’t expected that to be a viable option. It was the preferable one, certainly, she thought.
“This is all coming at me very quickly right now. I need time to process everything you’re saying. If destroying it ends up being the right thing to do, then I’ll make that decision. I don’t trust the government.”
“But you’re going to do something?”
He nodded again. “So we’ll need to get a hold of Abby?” he asked.
“That’s the first step. Any particular beach around here have sentimental value to you? We might as well make all of this mean something.”
“I know a place on the Jersey shore that would be perfect. We’ll leave in the morning, do our thing, and get you home in time for your flight.”
There was something in the moment, so she reached across the table and touched his hand, trying not to be too serious despite the serious words coming out of her mouth. “If you make the right decision, I might not take that flight,” she said.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

When Erica left Jeff’s house, it hadn’t occurred to her what Abby’s reaction would be when she showed up at his lab. With his keys and in his car.
She hadn’t talked to her on the phone – Jeff had called her before heading to bed – and she hadn’t really noticed a tone in the conversation at the time. But now that she saw the woman’s look and posture, getting out of a sharp yellow Mustang convertible, she realized that these changes in plans might not go as smoothly as she’d first imagined. She’d been so focused on winning Jeff over that she’d forgotten, or ignored, that he wasn’t the only one involved.
So while Abby’s demeanor caught her by surprise, what came out of her mouth as she approached the front of the building didn’t.
“So you show up and all of a sudden there’s a new team in place?” Interesting greeting from someone she hadn’t yet met.
“What do you mean?” she asked, knowing full-well what she meant.
Abby hopped up onto the sidewalk. “You may not know this, but we’ve been working on this project for some time. Now, you’ve isolated Jeff so that it’s just you and him that are involved? First you go back and get Dexter without us. Now this. And then, you ask for my help? I don’t know you.”
Erica held up her hands in defense. “I can understand why you feel that way-”
“Now, what, you’re driving his car, too? You guys an item?”
“An item? Not that I know of. Look, we’re off on the wrong-”
“I’m not getting bumped aside here by the boss’s girlfriend.” Abby was standing directly across from her, confrontational. It was a far cry from what Jeff had described to her.
“I can assure you,” she said, “no one’s getting bumped aside by anyone.”
“But you can see how it feels like we are. Doesn’t Jeff think that Emeka and I care about these missions?”
“Abby, look,” she said, trying to calm her. Actually, more like trying to just get through the conversation since it really wasn’t of much consequence in the long run. “This is what Jeff wants to do. I think he’s squeamish about what happened in Garvey’s backyard, where you clearly had too many people to account for. I’m sure if Dexter were still involved, it’d be him asking you for help and not me. But he needed a break, so it turns out that I’m here.” Alright, so she’d spun the truth a little.
Abby looked at her sternly for another moment, then seemed to break. “I’m sorry – I don’t mean to take it out on you. I’m not good at being on the outside looking in.”
“I don’t blame you. Who is?” She extended her hand. “I’m Erica. I’ve heard so much about you, and I do want to make sure we’re okay.”
Abby looked at her hand for a moment – kind of irritated, kind of apologetic – then grasped it.
“Will you help?” Erica asked her.
Abby nodded, and Erica motioned for her to follow her to the front door. They walked into the building and up the stairs to the landing, where they waited for the elevator.
“Jeff was starting to say something crazy happened with Dexter,” Abby said. “What happened?”
The elevator doors opened and they stepped aside to let a bearded man in a sharp grey suit out. Erica hit the button for the second floor and turned to Abby. “We came back from 1770 to find that Dexter’s life was completely different. Our trip to 1831 – thanks to Jeff’s big mouth – ended up saving an historical building from being destroyed by fire. Dexter, being a lover of history growing up in Philadelphia, ended up working at the place, which was made into a museum in about 1950. That job derailed his entire life. Instead of Harvard, he went to Princeton. Instead of teaching at Columbia, he works at the museum. And instead of living in a bachelor pad in New Jersey, he lives in a Tudor in suburban Philadelphia with his wife of about a year.”
The doors opened and they walked out into the hallway. “So, where you come from, Dexter did all those things? Went to Harvard? Teaches at Columbia? Lives in a bachelor pad?”
“Yep. He’s a completely different person.”
“Wow. To everyone else on the planet, Dexter is the curator at the museum and he’s never been anything else, but to you, Dexter was a professor at Columbia? What are the chances of that?”
“You’re the mathematician.”
“No, I meant that rhetorically. The simple change of keeping a building from burning down caused him to get a job at that museum. That change probably affected very few people, but it happened to be one that we know.”
“Well, it’s probably the same probability that I would get involved with you following the Wilton job. We’re working in a tight circle here.”
They came to the door to Jeff’s lab and Erica opened it with the key. They walked in and Abby turned on the lights. Erica pulled the time device from her bag, opened the safe with the combination that Jeff had given her, and placed it in its cradle. She closed the safe, then took a seat at the small conference table kitty-corner from Abby, who had pulled a tablet from her bag and was booting it up.
Erica watched as her hands flew over the wireless keyboard. A moment later, she turned the tablet screen so she could see.
“Actually, the program is pretty user-friendly. You can type a date and pinpoint your trip to the second. Now that a handful of experiments have gone perfectly, I’m confident that the system is accurate. When are you looking to go?”
“Tomorrow.”
“No... sorry – I mean, ‘when,’ as in where do you want to end up?”
“Let’s say ten years from tomorrow to the day. We need to get there in the dark, though; we don’t want to drop in on a crowd.”
“Where are you going from?”
“The Jersey shore. We figured standing on a beach would be the best bet for ensuring that there wouldn’t be any unexpected development.”
“Probably the best bet, yes, but that’s assuming there have been no extraordinary circumstances in the next ten years.”
“Such as?”
“I don’t know, a tsunami, beach erosion, war. A lot can happen in ten years.”
“I guess that will be part of the experiment then, right?”
“If you’re willing to take that leap. Just thought I’d mention it. You’re asking for my help. I don’t want you to go into this lightly.”
Abby typed quickly, then hit print. Her system sent the information wirelessly to the printer across the room. Erica quickly fetched it. Alone on the printed page was a 30-plus-digit number that, without investigation, would’ve looked just like the number Jeff had on his arm the day before. “Where are you going on your second jump?”
“Well, we don’t know yet.”
She looked up at her. “You have to know, or else you won’t be able to get there. Not without this.”
Erica remained silent. The question didn’t need to be asked.
“You want to take my tablet with you.” She sighed. “I don’t know-”
“I don’t want to put you in a position. Is there another way? Can’t we just put the software on another tablet?”
Abby shook her head. “No. Jeff won’t for security reasons. This is the only one. You would need to take it with you.”
“Abby-”
“No, it’ll be worth it. I’d rather have you do this safely, rather than be possessive. If you think about it, if everything goes the way it should, the tablet will only be gone from me for a few hours. I’ll give you the accoutrements to take with you. It’d be a helluva time to forget your charger.” She wasn’t pleased, clearly. But she was being cooperative.
“Sure would. Abby, you’re being too understanding here.” She hoped she wasn’t being over-the-top. Her sincerity was merely a means to an end.
“No, I’m not, really. I still intend to give Jeff an earful. But there’s no sense in me taking it out on you. I just want the experiment to go well. I’ll get in on the next one.”
Erica gulped, then composed herself as Abby went through the start-up procedures for both the tablet itself and the software. For something that should’ve been unbelievably complicated, Abby’d already done the grunt work. The software was no harder to use than most of the apps on Erica’s phone. You put in the date and time, and it spit out the coordinates to be input into the device.
“This is amazing, Abby,” she said. “As amazing as it is that Jeff created the time travel device, it’s that amazing that you found a math system to work with it.”
“It really wasn’t that hard,” she said, humbly shaking her head. “Everything’s based off of e=MC squared. I just had to interject another variable, ‘t,’ for time, and it works. Jeff’s the real miracle worker. You want a tough problem? One semester, I gave my students the task of figuring out what was the shortest piece of ribbon you could use to circle the entire earth at any diameter. They had to take into consideration water, land, elevation. Now that was a difficult problem.”
“What was the answer?”
Abby smiled. “I’ll let you know when someone gets it.”
“Fair enough.” She looked down at the tablet screen again. “Is there a history?”
“A history of inputs? Definitely.” Her fingers glided across the screen. “Here. Here’s a list of all the inputs.” There were about twenty entries, but as she flicked her index finger across the screen the list narrowed to ten. “For the purposes of our experiment, these are the ones we’ve actually used. At least, the ones we’ve used since I’ve been involved.”
“That first one is the Wilton job?”
“No, the Wilton job is the third one there. Every other entry is the return trip. For the first one, I wasn’t going to jump into anything without seeing that the technology worked, so I had Jeff demonstrate it for me.”
“Where’d you go?”
She laughed. “It’s funny, I put so much thought into that – thinking about how we could affect history if what Jeff was saying was actually true. It’s that age-old question: where would you go if you could time travel? I didn’t want to have any impact, but I wanted to do something cool. I’ll admit a lot of it was humoring him. I didn’t believe he could do it, even though he told me he’d gone back to see the baseball game. So, I chose Woodstock. I figured it’d be easy to get lost in a crowd of hippies without running into anyone that would make any difference. There would be no way to tell there was an outsider among them, so that’s what I threw at Jeff. Next thing I know, I’m wearing this flowery peasant blouse, Jimmy Hendrix is playing the ‘Star Spangled Banner’ on his guitar, and I’m a believer.”
“I really should’ve picked somewhere cool to go,” Erica said, shaking her head.
“You did. You chose 1831.”
“Oh yeah. Good choice, huh? So that one’s the Wilton job. Then Howard Miles? Then Garvey? Then my special trip to 1831?”
“This is just a list Jeff asked me to keep. There’s really not much purpose to it beyond our own personal history. Proves that we did it, I guess, on some level. You can actually tab back to prior entries right on the device, too, but without knowing for certain where the coordinates lead, it’s much safer to have the tablet in front of you.”
“So I just put the date and time in, exactly to the minute and second, hit calculate, and the program does the rest? Let me try one, just to make sure I know what I’m doing.”
Abby nodded.
“Let’s say,” she said, thinking with historic sensationalism, “I want to see Pickett’s Charge at Gettysburg. The morning of July 3, 1863.” She carefully typed in the numbers and sent the information into the program. It spit out a long number, which she scanned quickly. “That’s it?”
“That’s it.”
“How much do different periods of time affect the coordinates?” she asked. “Is it a big change in the numbers?”
“Small increments of time won’t have dramatic changes in the coordinates. Like five minutes might change the coordinates thirty decimal points in.”
“Can I try one more? Let’s say I want to go back to 1849 thirty minutes before you and steal Wilton’s gold before you can get there.”
Abby laughed. “Okay.” She reached over and clicked through the history to the coordinates for the Wilton job. “Half-hour earlier,” she said as she typed on the tablet face, then produced a screen comparing both numbers. “There you go.”
Erica analyzed the two sets of numbers. “That’s interesting. They’re not that far off.” There were differences in the coordinates, but as Abby had suggested, they were at the tail end of the string of numbers.
“I wouldn’t think they would be,” Abby said. “Think about the expanse of time – a half-hour really isn’t much.”
She shut the system down and folded it up, putting it in its bag and handing it to Erica.
“I’ll take extremely good care of this,” she said.
“You’d better, or you’ll be making a new life for yourself in the future.”
Erica let out a breath.
“While you’re there, though,” Abby said, “if you wouldn’t mind snapping some pictures for me if you see anything noticeably different. That’d be pretty cool.”
“I will, definitely,” she said.
They turned the lights off and left the lab, locking the door behind them.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

Jeff clicked off his cell phone and stuffed it into his pocket before leaning back onto the rental car and taking a deep breath. While he could sense that Erica was silently laughing at him just to his side, he closed his eyes and felt the heat of the sun on his face instead.
“She’s not done, huh?” she asked.
Jeff had spent the better part of the last hour listening to Abby rant about not being included in this trip. Which was in addition to the 90-minute conversation she’d put him through the night before once he’d finally woken up from his time travel-induced coma. For today’s conversation, which had lasted all the way from the Perth Amboy exit on the Garden State Parkway all the way to the shore, he’d actually had to drive with the phone illegally to his left ear. What Abby had been saying about his “new friend” Erica probably wouldn’t have been well-received via speakerphone.
He shook his head, still with his eyes closed. “No, she’s not pleased.”
Erica gave him another moment before she spoke. “Well, I can understand why she’s not happy. Can’t you?”
“That’s why you didn’t hear me say too much in response. She’s right. She’s getting left behind on something that she worked hard on. But she’s not understanding – or, at least she’s discounting – the risk. All I can really do is hear her out. Probably didn’t help that you made her think this was all my idea.”
“Yeah, sorry about that. But I was getting berated by a woman I’d never met. I froze.”
“Well, you owe me.”
“She still talking about her having to be included on the next trip?” Finally, Jeff opened his eyes and looked at her, nodding. “I didn’t tell her there wasn’t going to be a next trip,” she said. “I notice you didn’t either. I’m hoping that’s because you just didn’t want to get into it right now.”
“You can say that.” In truth, while Erica was adamant about this being the last hurrah, Jeff wasn’t quite resigned to that idea. To him, there was a great deal to consider – first and foremost, the success of this trip. If they were able to accomplish what he felt needed to be accomplished, then he would willingly hang up his spikes and let the government in on his little science project. If not, if they came up empty and it left him either still in a hole, or worse, in a deeper hole, he’d have no choice but to press on. With or without her approval.
Of course, he hadn’t yet discussed with Erica the hole that he was in. He’d been waiting for the right time. Which he figured would be several years into the future.
He looked off toward the shore. They were parked a block away from the edge of the beach, and though the sand dunes impeded the view of the ocean, they could hear the soothing sound of the surf hitting the sand. “This is a private beach,” he said. “My aunt and uncle had a place down here and used to bring me and my cousins every summer for a weekend or two. I remember always wishing that we were closer to the boardwalk because that’s where all the other kids were, but for what we need to do here, the solitude is perfect.”
“Yeah, there don’t seem to be many people around.”
“If this were a Friday or the weekend, it’d be busier. But during the week in the fall, there’s not a lot going on. We should be able to find a spot where no one will be spying on us.”
He opened the trunk and retrieved the time device, stuffing it into the leg pocket of his cargo pants, then pulled out his laptop bag. He’d only recently considered that there were some aspects of going into the future that would actually be easier than going into the past – particularly in that they could bring their technology. If anything, they’d merely be seen as outdated if anyone bothered to notice their equipment. Which wasn’t nearly as bad as Dexter dropping his cell phone onto the sidewalk of colonial Philadelphia.
While he fidgeted with his bag, Erica pulled Abby’s tablet out of the trunk. She’d made him stop at a department store on the drive down to buy a more protective hard case. She was nervous about damaging Abby’s equipment, particularly given her overall attitude about their endeavor. When Erica had come out of the store having spent $45 on the case, Jeff had joked with her that if anything went wrong, they could simply go back in time to a point where the tablet was working and pretend as though nothing had happened. To which Erica had responded that, if anything happened to Abby’s tablet, they weren’t time traveling. Which made him immediately ask whether they sold a protective case they could wrap around the new protective case.
Once they both felt prepared, they nodded in agreement to move ahead and Jeff locked the car. He led the way to the beach. As he’d predicted, there wasn’t a soul in sight – at least no one outside. There was no way of knowing whether someone was lurking in an upstairs window, but most of the “bennies” – New Yorkers who spent their weekends on the Jersey shore – were still slaving away over midweek work in high-rise offices.
When they reached the beach, the sand was soft, and their feet sank in, slowing down the walk. Typically, a beach-goer at this point would pull off the flip-flops and barefoot it the rest of the way, but they weren’t dressed for the beach. They were dressed for landing ten years into the future in the middle of what could be a chilly night.
After about ten minutes of silence, Jeff stopped. “Yeah, I remembered there would be this little alcove here,” he said, pointing to a small tuft of brush bordering one of the taller dunes. “I remember playing here – one of us would stand on top of the dune with the other down here, and we’d play catch with a Nerf football. The one on the hill would end up diving down the hill on his face trying to catch a ball bouncing away from him. It was a lot of fun. Well, as much fun as you could have knowing that about two miles up the beach was the boardwalk with the rides and Skeeball and funnel cakes. But, the point is that nobody can really see us here. I think this is the place.”
He watched as Erica did a slow twirl to take in her surroundings. “Looks as good as anywhere I’ve seen,” she said. “You ready for this?”
“As long as I don’t have to punch anyone.”
“We’ll, let’s get to it. The longer we linger here, the better the chance someone’s going to wander by.”
Agreed, Jeff pulled the pre-programmed device from his pocket and initiated the time travel mechanism. He extended it toward Erica, who grabbed it with her free hand while instinctively pulling Abby’s tablet closer to her body as she’d hold a newborn. Jeff, himself thinking that holding his laptop bag in his hand wasn’t enough of a guarantee of its safety, slung the back around his neck and over his shoulder. He pushed the engage button on the time device and everything around them went blurry.
And then it was clear.
And wet.
When they blinked, they found themselves standing waist-high in ocean water. Erica immediately lost her balance in the tide and Jeff reached out, grabbing her as she thrust the tablet over her head to ensure it didn’t submerge. It took a moment for both of them to stabilize themselves as the waves ripped past them, but they were able to get collected, and within a minute or two were safely laying on the wet sand, on top of what had just moments ago been the sand dunes.
It was not terribly dramatic, but Jeff found himself disturbingly disoriented – a feeling he would almost describe as seasick from unexpectedly losing his footing and being tossed about. He leaned on his elbow and looked at Erica, the light of a bright half-moon high above reflecting off of her face. “You okay?” he asked.
“Kind of puts things into perspective for you,” she said, her eyes closed. “We almost blew the whole thing right there. Who’d have been able to predict that the sea level would be four feet higher in ten years?”
“Global warming?”
“I don’t think so,” she said. “My understanding has always been that global warming’s effect on the sea level would be far more dramatic.”
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
“Maybe it’s surge from a recent storm. Or there’s a storm coming.”
“If that’s the case, hopefully we can get done what we need to get done and get out of here quickly before having to find out.”
“I need internet,” she said, standing. “Let’s go find some.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

September 22, 2025
As they walked a few short blocks to a motel that Jeff had pinpointed and they both hoped was still in operation ten years into the future, Erica’s thoughts were lost in planning, so she was only half-listening as he announced their path in GPS fashion.
“Right around this corner to the left, there was a convenient store, and then hopefully beyond that is the Ocean Dunes Motel,” he said.
All she really caught was “Ocean Dunes.” She was already surfing the internet, plotting her research approach. There were ten years to evaluate to pinpoint an event that would be worth their while, and she didn’t see the need to hang out in the future for terribly long. At a maximum, they should be there 24 hours and then on their way.
She would start, obviously, in news archives with specific keywords related to heists – fortunately, the media and only the media seemed to have carried that word forward from the 1930s – or robberies, then try to pinpoint where large stashes of cash could be held at one time. Of course, a lot of this was predicated on the assumption that, one, people still used cash and, two, the internet was still organized at least similarly to the internet they’d left ten years earlier. If not, she’d have to take time to educate herself on how things worked before hoping to find anything useful. In the end, though, this exercise was being done primarily to fulfill some intrinsic need that Jeff had, so as long as she came up with something that provided some excitement and an end goal, she figured he’d be happy.
As it turned out, the convenience store was gone – replaced by a beach house whose windows were covered with boards – but the Ocean Dunes Motel was still there and open. Lucky shot number one. Though, now that she looked around, realizing that she was ten years into the future and that she hadn’t taken even one moment to assess her surroundings, she noticed that most of the houses had heavy plywood boards over their windows. She looked over at Jeff, who was headed straight for the neon-lit motel entrance.
She called after him as her brief hesitation had now put him several steps in front of her. “Look at all the windows,” she said. “Don’t people come to the beach anymore?”
He stopped and turned, glancing around. “Either the place has become a ghost town or we were right about a hurricane,” he said. “No time to waste.”
She followed him into the hotel and they approached the front desk. Behind it was a sleepy long-haired kid who could’ve just celebrated his working-age birthday that morning. He was wearing a bright yellow polo shirt with bicycle shorts and was sitting with one leg up on the desk working on a tablet, which he set down to greet them. “Can I help you?” he asked, standing.
“Do you have any rooms available?” Jeff asked. There had been one car in the parking lot. Probably the kid’s.
He laughed. “I think we do. Not a lot of action with the hurricane coming.”
“Hurricane?”
“Yeah – Hurricane Ichabod should be here in a little while, they’re saying. But they never know. Weather people. It could hit somewhere else or go back out to sea. Most everybody skipped town, though.”
“Well, we just need the room for one night,” Jeff said. “We’ll be out by the time it gets here.”
“Alright,” the kid said, picking up his tablet and laying it on the counter. Erica inspected it – it looked very much like Abby’s, only with the difference that there was a gray strip along one side. “I just need your ID.”
She watched as Jeff reached for his wallet, but immediately realize his mistake. The kid nodded to the tablet, so Jeff, having seen enough science fiction movies, reached out his thumb toward the pad and awkwardly placed it on the gray strip. The device made a beeping noise and the kid picked it up, dancing his own fingers across the screen.
“Dr. Jacobs,” he said when Jeff’s name popped up for him to read. “You actually have a reservation. In fact, you’re the only reservation that hasn’t canceled.”
“Yes, thank you,” Jeff said, then glanced over at Erica and gave her a confused look. Had he made a reservation 10 years in advance? While it would have been a brilliant move, she didn’t get that impression from the look on his face.
After a moment of fiddling with the device, the kid extended the pad back to Jeff. “One more time to cover additional charges,” to which Jeff obeyed, and then, “You’re in Room 214, up these stairs to the left and down to the end. Thumbprint for the door. Since no one else is here, I gave you our best oceanview room. You might as well get a nice peek at the storm coming in. I know it’s late, but ice, vending machines, everything else are about twenty feet past your room. Thanks for staying with us. Glad to have you back.”
“Back?” he said.
“Sure. You’ve stayed with us before.” He looked at his tablet. “About three years ago. Doesn’t ring a bell?”
Jeff sighed. “You know, I travel so much,” he said. “It’s all one big blur. Plane, hotel, plane, hotel. Well, thank you.”
As he turned away, Erica stopped him. “Sorry, but can you tell us exactly when Jeff stayed with you? I know him – if he can’t figure it out, it’ll bug him all night, and I won’t get a bit of sleep listening to him wondering.”
The kid read off the dates – a three day March stay about three years prior.
“Ah, I remember,” Erica said. “March? Right after you cussed out your boss and walked out. The little weekend excursion?”
Jeff mumbled something incoherent back at her, shaking his head at her game. They thanked the kid and headed up the stairs and on to the room. Once they were out of earshot, Erica couldn’t help herself, asking, “You made a reservation?”
“I didn’t, though. I mean, I guess some version of me must have made the reservation in the future. But I, personally, didn’t. You know what I mean.” He paused, then she saw him smile. “Though once he said it, the first thing I thought was that it would’ve been a cool thing to do. Just to play the time game – make a reservation ten years out and then keep it?”
“Yes, that’s what we’re here for... Silly time tricks,”
“Might as well have a little fun while we’re at it.”
Jeff placed his thumb on a white pad on the door and it unlocked. They walked into a standard motel room with, as the kid had promised, an excellent view of the Atlantic. The bright moon reflected off the rippled water. “It’s amazing that the sky is so crystal clear with a storm coming,” he said, thoughtfully staring out the sliding glass doors. “Won’t look like this in a couple hours-”
“Jeff, did you see this?” she asked. In the center of the queen-sized bed was a small tray holding a bottle of wine, a plate of assorted cheeses, and an envelope that read “With Love” in fancy script. Immediately she wondered what he was trying to pull. “What is this?”
But his face told her that he was as confounded as she was. He slid across the room to the bed and sat down, ripping into the envelope. He read for a moment silently, then a smile crossed his face.
“What is it?”
“It’s from me,” he said, handing her the note. “I reserved the room and left this for us.”
“But how-” And then she realized. The ten-years-from-now/current time’s Jeff knew they were coming and had set up the little spread for them. She read the note out loud: “Jeff and Erica – Hurricane Ichabod is on its way and due tomorrow. You don’t have much time. But I figured you could take a moment to enjoy yourselves a little, though I find that wine in the future has taken a little turn toward the grapey. It’s not as bad as that sludge we bought with Dexter in Times Square, though. Yuck! Have fun!”
“Nice, huh?” Jeff said.
“Well, at least your sense of humor improves with age.”
He laughed. “The least he could’ve done, though, is give us a hint as to where to start looking.”
“We don’t need it,” she said, pulling Abby’s tablet from her bag. “Oh, though I forgot to ask about how to get on the internet.” She looked around the room for the desk phone and saw none. “No phone?”
“I’m assuming that’s the phone,” Jeff said, pointing at the wall where a cell phone-sized device hung next to the closet.
“Wireless? Nice.” She touched the front desk icon on the screen and a moment later the kid’s voice came over the speaker.
“Can I help you?”
“Yes, I forgot to ask about internet access. Do I need a password or anything?”
There was a pause, then the kid asked with all sincerity, “Where are you from?”
“California.”
“Don’t they have UW in California?”
She took a breath, thinking about her words. “I’ve never heard that term, no.”
“Universal wireless?”
She fake-laughed nervously. “Oh, yeah, sorry. We don’t call it that, though. Didn’t know if it made it east yet.” God, she hated sounding stupid.
“It’s been like five years,” he said. She could hear his annoyance at her naiveté.
“Okay, thanks,” she said then touched the screen again and cut him off.
“What do you mean we don’t need any help from future Jeff in figuring out where to go?” Jeff continued the conversation that she’d interrupted.
She answered him as she illuminated the tablet screen. “The kid at the front desk said we were here three years ago. Which to me means that, not only did we stay here three years ago, but the fact that future you knows we’re here right now tells us that we also made it back to our present time, and that the plan – details aside – went the way it was supposed to. I’m going to bet that if I start searching around the time that you checked into this hotel three years ago, we’ll find our target.”
“Well, I’m curious to see what you come up with,” he said, leaning over her to look at the screen.
She stopped. “That’s not going to work.”
“What’s not?”
“I won’t be able to work with you hovering like that.”
She could feel the bed shake as he nodded his understanding. “Alright. Well, while I’m tempted to hop online and search the internet, I’m very reluctant about learning too much so I’m going to resist that temptation. Maybe I’ll close my eyes for a little while. I still haven’t caught up on sleep. Thanks to you.” She looked over at him. He was smiling at her.
“Wow. That’s some self-control,” she said, ignoring the smile even though it was rather charming. She fiddled around with the tablet until he settled himself onto the easy chair in the corner of the room and shut his eyes. A couple of moments later she heard his breathing settle into a rhythmic sleep pattern. It was good because it gave her some time to work in solitude.
Once she’d easily connected to the internet, which seemed to be very much the same internet, she rang up Google, which seemed to be very much the same Google. On the first search she did, “time travel,” yielded hundreds of links to science fiction movies and books, numerous articles by scientists refuting the notion that time travel was possible, numerous articles by scientists saying it was possible, and several reviews of a “90s” restaurant in Cleveland called “Time Travel,” which served up everything from artisan breads to stuffed-crust pizza while episodes of Seinfeld aired in every corner of the establishment.
Conspicuously, though she searched through the first 100 or so pages of results, she saw nothing linking the name “Dr. Jeffrey Jacobs” to the keyword “time travel.” So, she searched for the two of them together and also found nothing. Then Jeff’s name alone. She found lots of links to his stimulus grant and the moderate success of his project, but nothing related to his true scientific breakthrough. She began to process how she could hold Jeff accountable for a decision that he, present-day Jeff, hadn’t made yet, but that she now knew he would never make. Clearly, he hadn’t gone to the government folks with his invention as he’d promised he would do. But what was her play? To let him know she knew that – or to work harder toward making him do it?
As he slept, she put that topic on the back burner and delved into those key dates in March three years earlier. Not surprisingly, she found that those days were of great significance in American history – it was when the United States officially made the switch to a cashless system. As she read, she learned that mobile device technology had advanced itself to the point where it included reliable biometrics that would enable individuals to securely collect, spend and save money with a thumbprint. While the technology at the time was becoming more and more widely accepted, not everyone was able to afford the appropriate devices. However, as a federal budget balancing measure, the government created a program where key public domain entities – banks, airlines, government offices, libraries, etc. – would implement ATM-type devices through which people without their own personal technology could easily engage the system. She read reports that the savings to the federal government on the printing costs for paper and coin money were several billion dollars annually.
The challenge was also the opportunity that made them book a room at the Ocean Dunes Motel three years earlier: that the federal government now had to clean up the paper money and coins that were “on the streets.” She delved further into the related web pages to find that collection drives were held in nearly every community across the country – where people brought their in-hand cash and “exchanged” it onto their devices, getting it into their personal and business accounts. She read about the public debate as to whether thumbprints were even necessary, given the wireless capabilities of the devices, but how powerful consumer advocacy groups successfully lobbied that the biometrics offered better security for a nation now trusting their everyday finances to technology. Apparently, for the wealthy and for numismatists, cash and coins became extremely valuable collectibles, even more so because the government, preferring to have as much money as possible out of circulation, frowned upon the hobby. Crime was rampant for a short while, but much of it ebbed quickly after the changeover, with law enforcement prioritizing a crackdown on cash transactions for anything. As a result, a large percentage of illegal drug trade was forced off-shore, an unanticipated benefit of the new policy.
Of course, Erica came across several articles on corruption and how the government was moving itself further into the role of “big brother.” One story highlighted a scam sadly devised by the pastor of an upstart church in Indiana who bilked his parishioners out of their savings by creating an account where they could collectively hoard their money to prepare for the “tribulation.” But on the surface, it looked as though, while the change was dramatic, it was a positive thing for the country.
It was also good for their little project, because at any given point there would be piles of unnecessary cash around that would still have much value in their present time. She searched a bit further to see what the government was planning to do with all of the paper money and coins that were collected, but as she suspected, that information wasn’t readily available save for the pundits’ and conspiracy theorists’ views that the coins were recycled to make bombs and that the paper money was actually funneled to countries which would still accept it. She could imagine that in Jeff’s mind it would be equally as justifiable to take some of that money as it was Wilton’s or Miles’. She’d nailed it.
The only question was where would be the safest and most fruitful place from which to take it?
A heavy gust of wind whipped against the sliding glass doors, startling her. She looked at the time and realized that she’d been working – and Jeff had been sleeping – for several hours. The wind hadn’t been enough to rouse him, but she set down the tablet and inspected the weather outside. The starlit night was gone, replaced by an ominous dark grey cloud covering the full view of the sky. She could see that the waves were coming in with more ferocity than when they’d arrived.
Figuring they had even less time than they’d thought before the storm hit, she jumped back into her research, taking a moment to plug the tablet’s charger into the wall. Though they certainly had the flexibility to wait the storm out if need be, it would be inconvenient if there was a power outage and she wasn’t able to recharge.
She searched for news stories that talked about the cash being collected at various sites around the country, figuring that some media outlet would have captured the sensationalism of exactly how much was being collected and where. She was right, finding several graphically-enhanced stories of vast amounts of money being pulled into single locations. Not surprisingly, the most heavily-populated areas were the highest takes, but she also found it interesting that many people had done away with cash even before the policy change, so while the government did collect millions upon millions of dollars at certain locations, it was far less than many anticipated.
After finding several “Top 10” lists echoing the same information, with locations in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles yielding the biggest collections of turned-in money, she found herself stuck on how to narrow down a location. As another wind gust hit the window, she lay back on the bed and closed her eyes to gain some focus. As she did, the wine bottle placed by future Jeff fell over and thumped against her leg, so she picked it up and set it on the nightstand.
As she did, though, she realized that future Jeff had put the wine bottle and the note in the room knowing full well that they would be there. Which meant that everything had already transpired. Future Jeff was the same person who was snoring in the chair five feet away from her, and he had full knowledge of everything that had happened. Whatever the two of them sitting there in that motel room chose to undertake had actually already happened. All they had to do was see it through.
With renewed energy, she was back into the tablet, looking for any crimes related to the changeover. She found little, but deep into the search, she found a page where a YouTube video had been removed, dated with the appropriate day and titled Armored Car Disappears into Thin Air. She searched a little more for other keywords like ‘armored car’, ‘heist’, and ‘robbery’, but found nothing.
Another gust of wind, and Jeff stirred. She looked over at him and guessed he’d be up soon. Any solitude she had would be gone. She thought she’d gotten pretty far, so she decided to divert for a few minutes before she would bring him up to speed.
She cautiously typed in her own name. The screen listed a number of results, mostly related to articles and a couple of books she’d written on American history, links to full episodes of The Mystery of History, and a keynote speaking role at the American Historical Society’s Conference of Historical Studies Professionals, which must’ve been a great honor, about six years earlier. Not exactly what she was looking for, though. She delved further into her personal life, calling up on the screen one of her social media web pages to see if it still existed and if the password was the same.
It was, and her page opened. Jeff stirred again, so she quickly scrolled through her biographical information. Apparently, at some point she’d married a man from Southern California named Greg Barrett, was still teaching at Stanford and, other than the husband, seemed to have pretty much the same life as she had ten years earlier. Which from one perspective was comforting, and from another was kind of depressing. She clicked on her future husband’s name to read a little bit about him, strangely with an air of defiance about her that, regardless of what this future said, she knew she wouldn’t have to abide by it. He was a techie, working for a company called TransitTech that created software for linking public transportation systems. He sounded kind of dry, even if he was a handsome guy. She wondered what could’ve drawn them together.
She backed up to her own page to answer the big question for herself... Kids. In the back of her mind, she knew the presence of kids would make her think twice about what she was doing. Under her biographical info, however, there were no children listed, so she clicked over to photos of herself. There were only about ten – she wasn’t a big picture-taker – and most of them were of her on-stage somewhere giving a lecture that other people had posted. One folder was separate, called “Uploads,” which she opened. The first picture was a selfie with the Golden Gate Bridge behind her. Which gave her an odd feeling, because she remembered taking the picture. It was taken long before she’d ever met Dr. Jeff Jacobs, when she’d first started this account. She remembered trying to come up with an ID picture that would indubitably represent her, and figured her love of San Francisco, the bay, and history could be summed up in that one shot. Strange to see that it was still in her album, even if her new ID was just a photo of the San Francisco skyline.
“C’mon,” she said, muttering to herself, “I just want to see what I look like in ten years.”
She clicked to the next picture and her eyes began to water. It was a shot of her standing in what looked to be a bedroom, taking a picture of herself in the mirror. Her left hand held her cell phone camera at eye level. Her right hand hugged her tummy – a pregnant belly protruding out and covered by a loose burgundy blouse. Tears began to stream down her face.
Her attitude change caught her by surprise. A moment before, she’d felt as though there was no validity to what she was reading about herself, as there was no destined path that she was required to follow. That she could make whatever decisions she wanted. She also felt slighted, though. As if she couldn’t trust that fate could deliver for her what it seemed to be promising. She forced herself to accept that it didn’t work both ways. Either she was a believer or she wasn’t, and she couldn’t help but remain a skeptic.
One of the plastic chairs on the balcony caught the wind and slapped against the sliding glass doors, jolting her up and sending the tablet off her lap and onto the floor. Jeff was startled by the noise, as well, and sat straight up in a fog.
“What was that?” he asked in confusion, wiping at his eyes.
She took a deep breath, collecting herself before he could notice anything. “Just the wind,” she said. “The hurricane is getting close.”
Still sitting, he looked out the window into the darkness for a moment, then back at her. “How’s it going?”
“It’s good. I’m definitely on to something.” She used retrieving the tablet as an excuse to hide her face for a moment and wipe her eyes.
He looked at her closely. “Were you crying?”
“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I’m just tired. I’ve been staring at this thing for a long time. You’ve been asleep for hours.”
“What time is it?”
“About four a.m. It should be getting light soon.”
He looked back to the window. “No rain yet? Just wind? Lightning?”
“All I’ve heard is wind.”
“We should get out of here as soon as we can. What’ve you got?”
Excitedly, Erica spent the next half-hour laying out for him everything she’d found, with the exception of the sleuthing she’d done on their personal lives. His enthusiasm hearing that she’d made progress helped him wake up quickly, though he did brew a pot of coffee while he listened. With each new idea she raised, he became more and more animated until he was pacing around the room. His energy was contagious, which was good because she was definitely feeling fatigued and in need of the adrenaline boost.
She just hoped he could fill in the open parts of the puzzle by the time the storm hit. It was tempting to look at a news forecast, but she really wasn’t sure she wanted to know how dangerous this storm would be. She didn’t have hurricanes in California, and the thought of riding this one out in a beachfront motel was starting to terrify her.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

Jeff’s latest pace across the room left him standing in front of the double glass doors, staring out into the darkness. There was no light except for that coming from inside the room. Both chairs on the patio were overturned and he thought for a moment about bringing them inside, but realized it would be a distraction. At this point, though the wind was heavy, he still thought it was safe enough for them to get back to the beach to make the jump – provided they came up with the plan they needed in the next half-hour or so.
“The armored car is probably the key,” he said. “Armored cars don’t just go disappearing. If it was some kind of stunt there would be no reason to take the video down. But we need to figure out where it’ll be. I’m assuming since the video was removed from the web site it means the story is probably under tight wraps. Dammit... There’s one person that knows, though.” He glanced at Erica for her reaction.
“You mean future you.”
“Yes.”
“But wouldn’t he – you – have told us if he’d wanted to?”
“Good point,” he said, deep in thought. He paced again, trying to figure himself out. Why would he reach out to them the way he did, only to leave them short? Was there something strategic or scientific about them having to figure it out on their own? Something that could do harm to them or to him if he told them too much? In ten years, would he be the type of person to leave them hanging as a sort of riddle, or was he teaching them an important lesson? Had his experience with time travel made him overly cautious?
Then he noticed the wine bottle and stopped. “No,” he said, “I did.”
“You did what?”
“I mean, he did. Told us where to go.”
“How?”
“The note,” he said, picking it up and pulling it out of the envelope again. “You know, something clicked when I read it the first time. I don’t ever remember buying wine in Times Square for any reason. I immediately wondered why I would write that on the note. It’s clear now. It’s the location.”
“A riddle?” Erica said. “Seems kind of far-fetched. Is that really something you would do?”
“I see no other explanation... and I wouldn’t put it past me. Here – search for Times Square with all of the other keywords you’ve been using.”
He watched as she flicked her fingers across Abby’s tablet, trying not to look over her shoulder as he’d been warned. After a moment, though, she looked up at him. “Here it is,” she said, handing the device to him screen-first, showing a picture of what looked like throngs of people in Times Square.
He took it and read the caption under the photo. “‘Over 300,000 gathered in Times Square for a money-collecting party that rivaled any New Year’s Eve celebration the city has ever seen.’ Sounds like the place to be to me.”
“Yes, it does. What does it say the date of the event was?”
Jeff scanned quickly. “March 23. The day after we checked into the motel here.”
“How could 300,000 people see an armored car disappear and there be no record of it?”
“I don’t know. We may have to do some of this on the fly.”
“Well, I would guess we were able to get close enough to the armored car somehow, without the drivers or guards in it. I don’t know that we have the right skills to do that.”
She stood from the bed, stretching her legs. A bright flash of lightning illuminated the beach outside, followed by distant thunder.
He laughed. “Look, the kid said that we checked in the day before the big event, so when we get there we’ll have some time to scope out the situation.”
“You mean case the joint? You know that’s not my area of expertise.” She bent down and rubbed her lower leg. “Sorry, my foot’s asleep. Can I have a little more time to look from here?”
Jeff peered outside again. No rain yet, but the wind was now howling. “Fifteen minutes?”
“Well, it’s hard to put a time limit on, but okay, let me get to it.”
He handed her the tablet and made his way across the room and to the sliding glass doors. Giving her solitude, he opened them and stepped out onto the balcony, first tossing the chairs inside the room and then closing the doors behind them. The wind whipped at his face strongly enough to take his breath away. The lightning, which only a few moments ago seemed so far away, was now on top of them, making him think twice about standing on the beach holding a predominantly metal device. They’d have to make quick work.
What he enjoyed, though, was the opportunity to experience the front end of a hurricane, knowing that he didn’t have to stick around for the rest of it. Despite its intensity, the wind on his face was refreshing, and every flash of lightning sent a chill down his spine that rivaled getting to the top of the first hill on a roller coaster. He didn’t imagine he’d feel so free if he was going to be there for the entire storm – or if it was his own home that was about to be ravaged. But for the moment, it was pretty magical.
He heard a knock on the window and turned to see Erica holding up the tablet so he could see. Another news web site had posted a photo of three armored cars being loaded with cash, with a line of people a mile long in the background. Jeff smiled and gave her a thumbs up, then waved to her to come outside with him. He watched as she retreated to the bed and ditched the tablet, then opened the door and joined him.
“It’s hard to tell where that picture was taken,” she said. “Maybe we can use the landmarks in the photo to find out.”
“It shouldn’t be too difficult. We’ll just need to be ready to move quickly.”
“You mean grab the device and do it right there? In front of everyone? That seems really risky.” He realized she was yelling over the wind.
“Maybe, but I would think the better way is to take the truck.”
Looking over, she was laughing at him. “You’re going to steal an armored car?”
He found himself laughing with her. “We’ll have to see. Are you ready to get out of here?”
“Just need to put the coordinates into the program. March 22. Any particular time you want to get there?”
“Let’s try to get there in the morning. Give us the day to get up to the city and plan. Set it up for early, like seven a.m.”
She put her hand to her ear. “I can’t hear you,” she said, so they went inside. “You said the morning?”
“Yes, let’s set it up for seven a.m. We’ll go to the same spot where we got here.”
“In this?”
“Better now than during the brunt of the storm,” he said.
Erica went to work on the tablet while he started to gather up everything they’d brought, including throwing the wine, cheese and note from his future self into his bag. He laid the time device on the bed next to her so she could program it, then told her he was going to get a drink. She said she didn’t need anything, so he left the room and walked through wind that was still strong even beneath cover to the room that the kid had told them about. He was comforted to see the familiar red glow of a Coca-Cola machine, though when he reached it he saw signs heralding that every beverage in the machine was sugar and high fructose corn syrup free. Figuring he should at least be a little adventurous, he bought a Coke with a press of his thumb, tasted a sip that wasn’t too distant from the Coke he was used to, and headed back to the room.
Erica was standing with her bag over her shoulder, ready to go.
“Abby’s program really makes light work of the calculations, doesn’t it?” he asked.
“Sure does. But the one thing I don’t understand is how we’re able to manipulate time from here with these coordinates. Jumping three years back from now should have different calculations than jumping seven years forward from our present time.”
“C’mon, let’s go and I’ll tell you.” They did a quick sweep of the room and gathered their things, Jeff stuffing the bottle of wine in his computer bag. They left the room and immediately were pummeled by the raging wind, and pushed down the aisle of rooms and down the stairs toward the lobby. Rain was now starting to fall in heavy pellets as they reached the lobby door and pushed inside. The door slammed shut behind them.
The kid was still there behind the desk, and stood to greet them. “Had enough?”
“Actually, yes,” Jeff said. “We decided we don’t want to just sit here and wait this out. Probably not the smartest idea.”
“You don’t have a car, though,” the kid said. He’d been snooping as the night went on.
“We have a ride coming.”
“Hope they come soon.” The kid put his tablet on the desk again for Jeff to check out, which he did. “You guys be safe,” he said, then sat down and returned to whatever he was doing.
They went back to the door, but just before they were about to push their way out again, Erica caught his attention. “I can’t hear anything out there,” she said, “so we can finish the conversation after we make the jump. Maybe you can take me to dinner or something in New York.”
Jeff smiled. He’d been ready to start blathering about the time device as soon as they were out of the kid’s earshot. But she was right. They weren’t going to be able to hear anything anyway, so it wasn’t the time for a scientific discussion. “That sounds great,” he said. Their first date.
He pushed the door open and stepped out into what was now a full-fledged hurricane.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

As they walked through the wind and rain, Erica was less concerned about getting blown away or struck by lightning than she was with Jeff’s smile when she said he could take her to dinner. Though, with the noise she could’ve loudly reprimanded herself without Jeff hearing. She silently self-chastised for bringing up dinner to him in a way that sounded like she was thinking about a something more than a meal, which was clearly how he’d taken it.
Unfortunately, there was no way to take it back, and as he now led her through Hurricane Ichabod battling the elements, she found herself looking at him with airs of both heroism and stupidity. He had feelings for her. That was clear. It was even important to her right now because she felt some degree of protection would be nice, and she trusted that he would provide it. But she refused to let herself entertain any thoughts of a relationship longer than the duration of this trip. That future wasn’t in the cards, though. And not because of Greg Barnett.
By the time they reached the sand dunes, she felt more comfortable with the situation, convincing herself that the idea of dinner in New York was harmless. Regardless of what was going on in Jeff’s mind as it related to her, it wasn’t something either of them was going to have to deal with for very long.
The wet sand was tricky to navigate, so Jeff took her by the hand to steady her. According to the clock, the eastern sky should’ve been brightening by now, but the thick blanket of clouds making up the western edge of the storm had eliminated all traces of dawn. It was as dark as the middle of the night, except for the sporadic flashes of lightning.
Finally, they reached the site where they’d landed several hours before and Jeff pulled the time device from his bag. He illuminated it and extended it to her. As she reached out for it, a gust of wind pulled her off her feet and she stumbled backwards several steps, but was able to regroup. She reached out again for Jeff and grabbed the device. Once she was firmly in contact, he didn’t hesitate, pushing the button to send them three years into the past.
A split second later, the storm was over and they were standing on a serene beach, looking at the sunrise that rightfully should’ve been out over the Atlantic.
“Wow,” she said. “So that was a hurricane?” With wet clothes stuck to her body, a frigid early spring wind seemed to blow right through them and she shivered. She thought it was a good thing she’d bought the hard case for the tablet, considering how soaked she was without the waterproof protection, they’d be in dire straits.
“Pretty glad to leave that behind.” Jeff spun around, inspecting the beach to see if anyone had noticed their arrival. He was just as wet, his hair matted to his head. If she hadn’t been so cold, she might’ve snickered. “Looks clear.”
“What happens now?”
“Well, unless my car is still parked up there on the street, which is unlikely, I have to rent a car.”
“I’m going to eventually need some sleep,” she told him.
“Why don’t we check into the hotel, as planned, and you can rest while I find a car? Does that work?”
She nodded. “It does. I probably only need a couple hours. Just to get my energy back. It was a long night, even before the hurricane.”
So, once again, they walked past the sand dunes and up the street to the motel. This time, the convenience store was still operating next to the hotel, but other than that and the lack of hurricane-proof boards over the windows, the neighborhood looked the same as the one they’d just left. Strangely, though she would assume it was off-season, the area was pretty jammed with vehicles and early-morning joggers.
“Do you think I made another reservation for us?” Jeff asked with a laugh before entering the motel lobby.
“I don’t see why you would’ve made one without the other.”
They entered the lobby, which, again, looked exactly the same, only the “kid” behind the desk was replaced with an artificially-tanned middle-aged woman. Unlike the kid who’d been lost in his technology, the woman had been watching “Good Morning America,” and stood to greet them. “Welcome to the Ocean Dunes Motel,” she said in a thick “New Joisey” accent.
“I have a reservation,” Jeff said, then looked at Erica and smiled. She agreed – might as well try it. “Under Jacobs.”
They were right. “Mr. Jacobs. Staying for two days? And you guys are soaked. That water’s freezing. Must have been a short swim.”
Erica started to come up with an explanation, but Jeff simply said “no,” which seemed like a sufficient answer.
“What brings you to the Jersey Shore?”
“Ah, just a little getaway from the madness.”
The woman sat down and started typing away on a traditional computer keyboard – apparently they were still going to go with the old credit card swipe method when cash was outlawed the next day.
“You reserved a while ago,” she said. “Good thing, too. We’re completely booked up.”
“Any special reason?”
“People are coming for this thing in New York tomorrow. The big cash drop-off. Or, they’re trying to escape it. We’ve had both.”
“Aren’t there enough hotels in New York to accommodate the crowds?”
“Apparently not.” She pulled a page off of the printer and slid it onto the counter across from him. “The room was paid for with a credit card, so you’re all set. Just need a signature here.” Jeff signed. “Two keys?”
“Yes, please.”
A moment later they were walking to their room, which was on the first floor this time, and with a poor ocean view. Erica didn’t care, and by the time Jeff slid the key into the door and they closed it behind them, she was ready to fall onto the bed and close her eyes.
“I’ll be back in a little while,” Jeff said, but she was already dozing off and didn’t answer.
When she awoke, she saw she’d slept for about three hours and that Jeff hadn’t yet returned. She went into the bathroom and splashed some cold water on her face, then made coffee in the room’s coffeemaker. Within about twenty minutes, she had a spark and was ready to go steal an armored car.
Still refusing to abide by the standard “see no evil” rules of time travel, she booted up Abby’s tablet again and started searching. She looked for the obvious things, and found the country was not substantially at war with anyone, was surprised that the current President of the United States was a former tight end for the San Diego Chargers, and read that movie theaters across the country were being retro-fitted to accommodate a new film technology, 3-D holographic motion pictures (and that a first-run movie ticket cost $45!). Bored with this, however, and thinking that she could see these kinds of things in any sci-fi time travel movie, she decided to make it a little more personal.
She scoped herself out – finding herself still clinging to that photo in front of the Golden Gate but no longer clinging to her belly – then looked into Jeff, finding the same stuff that she already knew. Since she’d been interrupted last time, she did a search for Dexter as well. What had happened to him had been on her mind since they’d left his house.
First she looked through social media web sites for him and found nothing. No entries at all. She did a Google search for him and found, like her, several publications that he’d written, but none in the last several years. She worriedly began to wonder if something had happened to him, but a search for his phone number and address showed that he was indeed alive, just not living in Bryn Mawr anymore. His address was now listed as Jacksonville, Florida.
She searched for the museum where he was the curator and found that he’d left six years earlier without explanation. She found a record of divorce in the Philadelphia newspaper from five years before, followed shortly by the sale of his Bryn Mawr home. Then he was off the map. Her mind wandered, trying to reason out what had happened to him, and the best she could do was that he tried to cope with his new circumstances for a year or so and then probably fell apart. Here was a guy with a productive career and lots of energy who just dropped off the face of the planet. She couldn’t imagine any other scenario.
She heard the lock on the room door make a whirring sound and the door opened. Jeff walked in, carrying a handful of grocery bags. He set them down on the bed.
“You were gone for a while,” she said.
“Yeah, I had to do some shopping around. Right now, there are some stores that have moved to the biometrics and some that haven’t. I recently renewed two of my credit cards, but they were still a couple of years short, already expired. So, I had to find somewhere that used biometrics. Eventually, I found a car rental place, and then I realized we hadn’t eaten anything in some time, so I grabbed some groceries. Not sure what you would eat, so I picked up an assortment of everything. Then I figured it’s much colder than when we left, so we could probably use coats...” He pulled out a gray zip-up jacket for her. “Probably not your style, but hopefully it’ll keep you warm.”
She laughed and took it from him, holding it up. “It’ll do.”
“What’re you looking at?”
She’d been lost in his interpretation of his fashion sense and didn’t expect the question, realizing that he was again looking over her shoulder.
“Nothing, really. Just playing around.”
“You looked up Dexter?” He leaned in closer before she had a chance to change the screen. “You historians confound me. You set these rules about knowing too much and not changing things, and then as soon as you get a moment you break all of them. I’ll assume you looked up yourself and me first?” He sat on the bed across from her, then kept going without letting her answer. “Why would anyone want to see into their future like that?”
“Why would anyone? Because no one wants to think that anything else is in control of the decisions they make, and everybody wants to know they’ll be okay, and actually hoping their lives will be better. Wouldn’t you want to know?”
“No, I wouldn’t.”
“Well, I’m worried about Dexter,” she said. “And apparently with good reason. He’s disappeared.”
“Dead?” It was the first time she’d seen genuine concern on his face for his friend.
“No, it doesn’t say that anywhere. But he stopped working, writing, teaching and being married. Every trace of him is gone or hidden except for an address and phone number that I had to hunt for. I’m afraid that he couldn’t handle his new life.”
Jeff nodded with an empathetic look on his face. Finally a glimmer of hope that he was feeling something about all of this. “You think he probably went into a state of depression and withdrew from his life?”
She nodded.
But instead of echoing her concern, he shrugged. “Or, he took the money he got from the Wilton job and retired. That’s a possibility, too.”
“I’ve only known Dexter for a couple days, but that doesn’t sound like him.”
“Unfortunately, it’s nothing we’re going to fix right now,” he said. “Here, have something to eat.”
For the next hour, they ate cold cut sandwiches in relative silence, meticulously avoiding conversation about Dexter. Shortly after they’d finished, they were in Jeff’s rented SUV headed for New York City.

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

March 18, 2022

The question in Jeff’s mind as he drove the Garden State Parkway, and then the New Jersey Turnpike, toward the city was whether it was actually possible to go back and restore Dexter’s life for him. He’d already determined – even before talking to Erica, while he was out searching for the rental car – that he was going to try. In fact, that he would go to whatever lengths he could to do so. What challenged him was whether you could “fix” something that had been changed, with “fix” meaning putting it back to normal. Or would it be akin to doing plastic surgery on someone’s face who’d already had plastic surgery? Each time you tried, would you come up with something completely new? The question made him think of Erica’s Botox analogy, and worried him.
Erica had fallen asleep again almost immediately when she got into the car, which was fine with him. He needed thinking time, and wouldn’t be able to get it if they were chatting. He hadn’t told her that during his four-hour search for a rental car he’d actually worked in some brainstorming time. He’d gone down the beach for a while and walked. Things were happening quickly and Erica seemed to have a slight advantage – maybe 51/49 – of being in charge of their direction. He wanted to make sure he was comfortable with that. He didn’t want to let his growing feelings for her get in the way of making smart and scientific decisions.
He’d told her that once they got back to the present time he was going to “do the right thing” and let the government folks in on his experiment. He knew that she knew he wasn’t going to do that. In fact, if she’d actually looked him up in the future as he suspected, she probably would’ve seen some evidence that it didn’t happen.
What he was sorting out in his own mind, though, was why. His first inclination was to blame it on his mistrust of the government. Which had some truth to it – he flattered himself by thinking of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the creator of the atom bomb. “Now I am the destroyer of worlds,” was his famous quote after the government got hold of his technology. It terrified Jeff to think of going down that path. He could live with getting his best friend accidentally hitched, but he couldn’t even begin to guess the horrible applications for his technology that were possible in the wrong hands.
But, he would turn it over if he had to. He knew that reasoning was a crutch for him to not face the real truth – that he simply didn’t want to give up his work and his plans to anyone. There was too much to learn about time travel, even if he couldn’t directly articulate all of the conceivable questions now. His question about Dexter was just another example of science that needed to be explored. Once he found out if you could actually restore a timeline that had been changed, he was certain there would be another concept that would require investigation. Then another. Then another. Giving up now because Erica wanted him to was not something he was prepared to do.
But, she was so smart, he had to acknowledge, looking over at her in the passenger seat, her head leaned back against the headrest. Her intelligence was a resource – not just on the historical side, but as far as what was good and worthwhile science. She was one of the smartest people he’d ever met – mainly because she seemed to have a shrewd balance of book and street smarts. It entranced him, despite that fact that deep down he knew she was playing him. For something. He hadn’t figured out what she was after, but she was up to something.
Which was what had necessitated the thinking time.
What he did know, however, was that things had been moving way too quickly. He’d let Erica talk him into this trip because of the timeframe of her going back to California. Under more thoughtful circumstances, he wouldn’t have rushed into this the way they had, and they were fortunate that his future self was acting as a sort of guide for them. A chaperone, even. But once they got back, he was going to slow things down. He would plan on rescuing Dexter from his new life, even if he had to burn down that damn records office himself, and then get back into his lab and take some time to develop the next phase of his experiment. His work was never intended to be reactive, and it made him uncomfortable that reactive was exactly what it had become.
Jeff’s favorite part of the drive north through New Jersey was a spot on the Turnpike where you come over a slight hill and the Manhattan skyline comes into view. From the time he was a kid coming back from the beach with his family, it was always a thrill to see the tall buildings suddenly appear to the east. He’d been so lost in thought, though, that he hadn’t considered what that view might look like in the future until he actually saw it.
Simply put, it was breathtaking. In the distance, midtown, the old staple – the Empire State Building – still stood proudly, but surrounded by at least a dozen buildings of similar stature as though a forest of construction had sprouted up around it. Three of the buildings were even taller than the iconic landmark. Also dramatically different was seven new mid-construction high-rises surrounding the Freedom Tower at the World Trade Center site. The view gave an immediate impression of economic vitality – that the country had rebounded since 2015 in a big way. He thought back to the time they’d just left and he wished that they’d had the chance to see the enhanced skyline then. He imagined it would’ve looked even more altered.
This one he couldn’t keep to himself, so he reached over and grabbed Erica’s arm. She awoke groggily and he pointed to the skyline.
“Wow,” she said, straightening up in her seat. “They’re sure doing some work over there.”
“Pretty impressive. All my life I’ve looked at that skyline – seen it change. Amazing that they can keep building and building on it, making it new.”
She reached in the back seat and pulled a bottle of water out of one of the grocery bags, asking him if he needed anything. He didn’t. “What else did you see different? Anything interesting?”
“Not really,” he said, though strangely he hadn’t been keeping track. “The cars seem a lot smaller and more aerodynamic. I imagine they’ve continued to work on better and better gas mileage.” He pointed to the dashboard computer. “This seems like it adjusts pretty nicely to our location. Things like traffic reports where you would have to tune into a specific AM radio station in our time – that’s all on here now, and comes up automatically. There was a little traffic just before Woodbridge and the computer told me about twenty minutes ahead of time, with an alternate route if I wanted to take it. Little conveniences. Hard to tell if they’re even standard or just luxuries.”
“Nothing blowing your skirt up yet, I take it, aside from the skyline?”
“You know, even in our present time, it seems every day you’re waking up to some new technology that revolutionizes the way we receive information, so I haven’t really seen anything that’s a surprise. A lot of ‘next logical step’ stuff, but no, nothing ‘blowing my skirt up.’” He laughed at her vernacular. “It’s only seven years, too. Not like we’re thirty years in the future.”
“Yeah, because then I’d be expecting to see some flying cars and personal jet packs.”
“Exactly.”
She was still looking out the window. The skyscrapers, no longer off on the horizon as they drove toward them, were growing quickly. Remembering the promise that she’d made, she reached into the back seat and took Abby’s tablet out of its case. She engaged the camera and held it up to the passenger side window, framing the new skyline in the viewing area.
“What are you doing?” Jeff asked, interested.
“I promised Abby that I’d bring her back some pictures of the future. I know I shouldn’t, but...well, I think deserves something for helping us. I can’t imagine we’re going to find anything better than this.”
“No, probably not.”
She snapped a dozen pictures, then set the tablet on her lap. “So, what’s your plan now? You’ve had some time to think.”
He smiled. She knew him too well already. Unnerving. “Here’s what I want to do – let me know what you think. Past, present, or future, you never want to try to park in New York. So, I thought we’d park in Hoboken and take the ferry over, provided it still exists. There used to be a free bus from the ferry to Times Square – we take that. Then, we get a hotel room in Times Square. There used to be a high-rise hotel near the Coca-Cola sign. If it’s still there, it’ll give us a great view of everything that’s going on.”
“Yeah, but they told us we’ll never get a room.”
“I’m banking on future me coming through again. I would’ve known that we’ll never get a room showing up like this – and I probably remember this very conversation. If things go to plan, I would’ve booked that room long time ago.”
She shook her head dramatically. “This is screwed up. ‘I would’ve,’ ‘he would’ve’... I’ll be glad to be back home soon. Won’t have to think about who’s where and what’s when and which you did what.”
He laughed again. “It is kind of crazy, isn’t it? Get this, though... I’m going to send an e-mail to myself to let me know that the rental car is parked at the ferry in Hoboken. I don’t want to give future me late charges or any liability.”
“Well, that’s understandable. But by the logic you just used, wouldn’t you – future you – already know?”
“Probably, but why take that chance? Plus, I might forget. Sometimes details like that slip my mind.”
“You seem to be doing pretty well so far.”
A few moments later, Jeff pulled the car off the Turnpike toward Hoboken, following a series of blue signs leading to the “Ferry to NYC.” The ferry was another thing he liked to do as a kid – his uncle would take him into the city and they’d walk around, but always visit the Yankees’ store on 53rd. He’d always come back with a new t-shirt and a couple of baseball cards. Even now, he was excited to ride the ferry.
They descended a long hill past the entrance for the Lincoln Tunnel and a sign proclaiming that the tunnel’s toll was $23, which made him glad that they’d taken the ferry and decided not to try to bring the rental car into the city. The higher toll on entry into Manhattan meant city government would be doing everything in its power to stem congestion – especially with the big event scheduled for the next day. As they came to the parking area for the ferry, they could see the full new-and-improved New York skyline up close and personal.
“Wow, what a view,” Erica said. “I never knew this little area was here.”
“Very inspiring, isn’t it? Always was, and it’s even more so now. I was thinking how cool it would’ve been for us to see these buildings complete in a couple years.”
“You will,” she said. “You will.”
The ferry parking lot was jammed, so they followed it almost to its furthest point from the docks and pulled into literally the only spot they saw. He made a note of the section and wrote it down, along with the make and model of the rental car and the license plate #, then they hiked back to the ticket gate for the ferry. Within a few minutes, they were crossing the Hudson and relaxing on the top deck of the boat. Neither of them spoke, both taking in the view. It was now midday and the sun overhead was warm for March. Erica laid her head back and soaked it in with her eyes closed, so Jeff took a moment to e-mail himself on his phone the information about the car. The universal wi-fi appeared to be working for the greater metro area.
A moment later, his phone beeped. He looked at the phone, not believing that he would’ve responded so quickly, if at all. But it was his own e-mail coming back to him. “Dammit,” he said.
“What’s that?” Erica was listening, her eyes still closed.
“I e-mailed myself.”
She looked up and nodded. “Makes sense. Same e-mail address. Just don’t open it. You –future you – should be able to retrieve it anyway. You can get e-mails in more than one place.”
“True,” he said, strangely irritated that the email had come right back to his own in-box instead of disappearing off into cyberspace. “We’ll see if I reply.” He found himself agreeing with her that it would be nice to have a little reprieve from trying to figure out when he was himself, and when he was future Jeff.
The ferry docked and the throng of commuters were herded ashore. Jeff and Erica boarded the bus destined for Times Square, and eight blocks later were standing in the normal daily hustle-bustle that would the next day yield to the biggest party New York had ever seen.

CHAPTER FORTY

Erica had been to New York so many times that it was no overwhelming experience for her. In fact, Times Square looked much the way she remembered it from the last time she’d been there – bright, noisy, and congested with street hustlers trying to pan anything from comedy tickets to Statue of Liberty crowns. There wasn’t too much different, with the exception of one of the famous giant HD screens appearing to be at least three times the size of any screen she’d ever seen before. It was highlighting an upcoming action movie called Lightning Strike, starring a kid that she recognized as the defiant but caring teen on some sitcom from their present time that she’d seen a couple episodes. He was grown up now and all buffed-up, as he singlehandedly (and shirtlessly) took down a band of terrorists who were using some kind of gun that shot out lightning to hold what looked like a futuristic San Francisco under siege. As someone who usually preferred smarts and a good sense of humor over muscle, she had to admit to herself that those abs up on the screen could’ve been enough for her to start following this kid’s career a little more closely.
At a key point in the trailer, though, there was a loud crack and a bolt of lightning – a literal bolt of lightning – skewered the sky about 100 feet over their heads and hit another smaller-but-still-enormous screen across the square, which picked up the trailer where it had left off on the other screen.
“Alright, that was pretty cool,” she said after recovering from the shock.
Jeff was rubbing his right ear. “If a little loud.” He started walking through the crowd, so she followed him. He eventually ducked into a doorway which was the main entrance to the “Q” Hotel. She looked up to see the building rising high above the screens, then followed him inside.
He approached the front desk, but she lingered behind, watching. The lobby was extremely busy with people scurrying every which way. She wondered if it was normal business that drove them or if these were actually people in town to cash in their cash. Jeff was fourth in line, so after a few minutes of waiting she took a seat and pulled out Abby’s tablet. She rang up a news site and read a little about the Times Square collection drive, which was anticipating a crowd in excess of 300,000. It said people were already trying to camp out at the north end of the Square but had been forced out. She didn’t see what she hoped she would, though – any specifics about what would become of the money once it was collected.
She continued her search until she felt someone standing over her and looked up to find Jeff. He was grinning.
“It worked?” she asked.
“Sure did. I do a good job of watching out for myself. C’mon, let’s get a look at this place.”
She slipped the tablet into the case and followed him to the elevator. He hit the button for the 43rd floor and they rose quickly. Using his thumb to get in the room door, he explained to her that he’d given her name as well for biometric entry. Both of them went immediately to the window to look down on the rat race below.
She pointed to the north end where the densest crowd had gathered. “I just saw that on the internet. People are trying to camp over there, but the police won’t let them.”
“Yeah, I’d expect that,” he said. “Could be a really long day tomorrow for someone who doesn’t get in line early.”
“Three hundred thousand people? This’ll be a disaster. Glad we don’t have to stay.”
They scoped the entire area for a few moments. To Erica, it really was an impressive view. There was something about being up above all of the commotion below. A sort of peace. She liked it.
“This is perfect,” Jeff said. “We can see just about everything from up here. I imagine there will have to be a bunch of spots where they’ll be collecting. We can pinpoint where they’ll be loading trucks.”
“You know that during the collection drive the cash they collect will still have value,” she said, still looking down at the crowd. It was mesmerizing. Like watching a swarm of ants dancing on an ant hill. “Security will still be high. I’m a little concerned about how you intend to get a truck out of there.”
Jeff left the window and sat down in the chair, putting his feet up on the matching ottoman. “The way I see it, there are ideal situations and there are less than ideal situations.”
“That’s usually the way it works.”
“Well, what we have going for us is that we don’t care about getting arrested. As long as we stay together, we can get out of there quickly if anything goes wrong.” She could see his reflection in the glass. He folded his hands behind his head, giving her great confidence that he wasn’t just working off the cuff. Yeah, right. “What we don’t want to do is get shot.”
“Can’t argue with that.”
“So, in my view – and let me know if you agree or disagree – the ideal situation is that we are able to hop into an abandoned truck and drive it away from the crowd.”
Now that got her to turn. “Did you say take the truck? And we’re supposed to do that without getting shot? What’s the purpose of taking the truck?”
“I’m thinking less about right now and more about our present time. I don’t want an armored car to suddenly appear in the middle of Times Square.”
“It’s going to appear somewhere, though.”
“Yes, but I’d rather have it happen down the street. Once we get back to our present time, we still need to get somewhere with the truck. It’ll be less conspicuous than right in the middle of a crowd.” He paused. “And we should go back under cover of night.”
“No kidding,” she said. But since his “ideal” plan sounded pretty far-fetched, she felt compelled to ask him what his “less ideal” plan would be.
“Probably easier is for you and me to walk up to the armored car, both grab hold of the time device, lay it up against the truck and pull the trigger.”
“Just like that? Just walk up to it and take it.”
“Sounds a lot easier than just stealing it, doesn’t it?”
She laughed. “I don’t think either sounds particularly easy. We’re not armored car robbers.”
“I don’t know. I have some experience. I’ve robbed a wagon and a known bank robber. And I punched out a decorated British officer.”
“None of them were holding an automatic weapon, though, with the responsibility of keeping someone like you from stealing their armored car. And none of them were surrounded by similar individuals with similar responsibilities.”
He looked offended. “Someone like me? That hurts, Erica.”
She stared at him for a moment, then laughed. “You’re too much.”
He was grinning.
“We can talk about this more later. Right now, you owe me a dinner,” she said. “I’ve been in three different years and a hurricane in these clothes. I’m in New York. I’m going to go shopping and get something nice to wear, then I’m going to take a hot shower. I assume you’ll do something along those lines, as well.”
He nodded. “Do you need money? I have cash.”
“Good point. My credit cards won’t work.”
He reached in his pocket and pulled out a small stack of bills, peeling off several and handing them to her. “Last chance to use it,” he said.
She laughed, then took it and looked – he’d given her $1,000 worth of hundreds. “Wow,” she said.
“I told you – time travel experiments aren’t cheap. Get some clothes for tomorrow, too.” He was smiling warmly, so she nodded, turned, and headed for the door. Then she headed for 5th Avenue.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

Jeff had been watching the elevator doors from his vantage point at the bar, though with people constantly arriving and exiting, it was hard to maintain a line of sight. In addition, the room was darkly lit with a midnight blue glow, so to trust his eyesight alone would’ve been presumptuous.
Still, when Erica emerged from the elevator in a sleek burgundy evening gown that hung off of her left shoulder, there was no mistaking her. He watched as she took in the atmosphere, scanning the room for him in accordance with the note he’d left her to meet him in the restaurant lounge on the hotel’s top floor. She was stunning – most likely made even more so by the fact that he’d only seen her in what he’d been referring to in his thinking as her historian’s uniform. Besides the 1830s commoner garb, of course, which was no one’s fantasy.
She was definitely several inches taller, evidence that she’d spent some of her walking-around money at the shoe store, and the usual pony tail was gone, her hair pinned up on her head, giving a completely different perspective of what was a pretty wonderful neck. It had been a long time since Jeff had taken specific interest in a woman, and he found it a little amazing that he was in this state of mind. Of course, there was the action adventure they’d become involved in and the restaurant was pretty cozy, so there were scientific reasons for his current feelings. But watching her as she scanned the room, he knew this was beyond science.
After a few moments of searching, she spotted him and made her way across the floor and down the length of the bar toward him. He thought about all of the love songs describing how every guy stops and turns his head to watch the beautiful woman walk across the room, but as he glanced around, he saw that everyone was pretty much absorbed in their own little worlds. It made him wonder how they could be missing this. But then again, without them seeing her sitting in her office researching early America or hearing her listing off the names of people who lived two hundred years ago, they wouldn’t be able to comprehend the dramatic transformation that he was witnessing. It’d be lost on them.
She arrived next to him and gracefully slid herself onto the stool that he’d been saving for her. “I see you found the place,” he said, smiling.
Nodding, she said, “I did. Pretty swank.”
“They said downstairs they had the best steaks in 40 blocks. Probably a lot of steakhouses in that area, so that’s a pretty good testament – even if it is a self-serving recommendation. You look beautiful.”
She smiled. “Thank you. You look pretty dapper yourself.”
He’d hoped he did. He didn’t dress to go out on the town often. In general, unless he was making a presentation to the folks from the government, he was in his typical jeans and button-down. But he always envisioned himself someday being kind of classy – like when he would settle down and have a wife. They’d have “date nights,” and he’d get a little dressed up and give more than a passing glance to making his hair behave. When he pictured himself, he was always wearing dress jeans with a black crew neck shirt and a houndstooth sport coat. Which is why that’s exactly what he’d grabbed when he’d had his own little shopping trip that afternoon. He’d picked out some sharp black monkstraps to complement his look, but they were a little stiff right out of the box and his feet weren’t entirely comfortable. Though that was easy to ignore given his company. “Thanks for that,” he said, grabbing his lapel. “As you can imagine, I don’t do this often, so... I tried. The girl at the store said I looked pretty ‘jag’ while I was trying this stuff on. I’m assuming that’s good.”
“I’d agree,” she said, smiling. “You look pretty jag.”
“What would you like to drink?” he asked. “It’ll be a couple minutes more for the table.”
She asked what he was drinking, looking at his glass of red. He told her Syrah, then on her request ordered her one of the same. The bartender brought it a moment later. “Sorry it’s not eighty years old.”
She laughed, then held the glass up. “What shall we toast to?”
“How about to the end of paper currency?” He picked up his own glass.
“Nothing more personal than that?”
“You have something in mind?”
She thought for a moment, then raised her glass higher. “How about to responsibility in the face of great power?”
He wasn’t sure where she was going with that, but didn’t want to risk an ill-timed question that could ruin a good night, so he nodded and clinked glasses with her. They both took a sip.
“Wow, this is really wonderful,” she said. “Better not like it too much, though. We have a big day tomorrow.”
“That we do. How was your shopping trip?”
She took another sip, letting the wine linger in her mouth, then set her glass down. “It was good. I enjoyed it. I’m astounded, though – there really doesn’t seem to be too much that has changed in seven years. People seem the same. The technology is a little more advanced with the biometrics and what-not, but nothing that’s really blowing my mind. When I went into the stores, the fashions weren’t even all that different – in fact, there was almost a retro feel. Like a, I don’t know, throwback to Y2K?”
“Were you expecting more?”
“Wasn’t really thinking about it, but I guess in the end, yes, I was.” She took another sip of wine, then laughed. “It’s definitely anti-climactic.”
“You had enough cash to cover?”
“Yes – more than enough. I actually got myself some pajamas, too, since future Jeff only reserves one hotel room for the two of us.”
He laughed. He hadn’t thought of that. Seeing her now as a woman and not simply a member of his team, it was clearer that two rooms was probably the way he should’ve gone. Strangely, he didn’t find himself jumping to offer that now, though. With the event tomorrow, there would be no vacancy anyway. Instead, he said, “Something nice, I hope.”
“Nice enough for me to get a good night’s sleep and then rob an armored car in the morning.” She smiled.
He laughed again. The conversation was going well. He felt like they’d recovered from the toast. A minute later, the host approached them with news that their table was ready, so they picked up their wine glasses and followed him. What Erica didn’t know was that Jeff wanted to push the evening over the top as “one to remember,” and had secured a table on the window facing the southeast. As they sat, the bright beacon of the Empire State Building filled their view with a bright crescent moon about 45 degrees above it. Jeff was pleased with himself for the table and the view, but admittedly he couldn’t take credit for the moon.
“Nice view,” she said after they were seated. “Did you set this up?”
He nodded.
“Is this for you or for me?”
Smiling, he said, “Both of us. If it’s going to be a special night, I say let’s make it a special night.”
They picked up their menus and delved into them – that awkward several minutes on a date when you feel like you should be carrying on the conversation, but instead the dialogue minimizes itself to trade-offs of “Oh, the duck looks good” and “Do you want to split an appetizer?” Jeff was trying not to be too obvious about wanting to look at Erica instead of his menu, but ultimately he had to decide on something to eat. He did take a moment, though, to encourage her to get whatever she wanted.
She closed her menu first, so he looked up. “You decided?”
“I did,” she said. “Since you said I have a blank slate, I’m getting the French onion soup, the Caesar salad looks good, though probably without the white anchovies... Ick... and the crab cakes.”
“No steak?”
“I’m from San Francisco – I’m not really a steak girl,” she said, shaking her head. “I’ll try a piece of yours if you get one, though.”
“Given the testimonial, I think I don’t have a choice.” He closed his menu, cuing the waiter to come take their order. Jeff watched Erica while she placed her order, and then made his own request, ordering a 20-ounce rib eye with a comment about having to bulk up for their big mission the next day. Jeff also ordered lobster bisque and a bottle of future-vinted Cabernet, then the waiter left, promising a quick return.
Erica was looking out the window at the skyline, so Jeff took a sip of his wine, allowing her the moment of reflection. A flurry of thoughts entered his mind as to how to start a conversation with her. He didn’t want to be so crass as to spend their dinner talking about what they needed to accomplish the next day – it seemed that’s all they’d really ever talked about. What was the next mission? What were the repercussions of what they were doing? In truth, he still didn’t know too much about her, but for some reason felt strange – after everything they’d already been through – making this a “get to know each other” event. They’d been virtually inseparable the last... What?... Thirty-six hours? He’d completely lost track of real time. But it seemed awkward to start off with the standard first date interview. ‘So, what are your hobbies?’ Didn’t seem like a conversation she’d respond to.
Luckily, she started, because he in no way felt prepared or willing to do so. “You were going to tell me about the coordinates for the time device and how they worked,” she said, revisiting the conversation they’d started just before heading out into the hurricane three years into the future.
He let out a sigh, which she caught.
“What’s that?” she asked.
He laughed. “I’m glad you said something. I wasn’t sure what to say. We’ve never really sat and talked. At least not without me unveiling to you the history of your life.”
She was game. “Does it make you nervous? Sitting here having to talk?”
“I’m not used to it. I’ve been so enveloped in my work the past couple years that there were very few casual conversations.”
“Not even with Dexter?”
He thought for a moment. “No. Really, no. I can’t think of a conversation we’ve had any time recently that wasn’t about the job.”
“Strange that you could become such good friends without that.”
“Yeah, I guess so,” he said, nodding. “But it’s not like we didn’t have a friendship. There was enough going on within the work that helped us to build it, you know? He taught me about wine. That’s something I’ve appreciated. We did go to a Giants game last year. But I think we talked about Joe Wilton the whole time. I don’t know – it is what it is, I guess. But to answer your question, no, this kind of conversation doesn’t make me nervous, but it’s certainly not something I’m able to jump right into.”
“I’m okay if we talk about work,” she said. “If anything, sitting here making small talk doesn’t do anything to prepare us for tomorrow.”
He winced. “Yeah, but that’s not what I want.”
“No?” She sipped her wine and he noticed it was gone. A moment later, the waiter returned with their new bottle and poured them each a glass.
“I don’t know. It’s such a beautiful evening. You look so great. I dressed up. We’re here enjoying dinner in a way that no one else on the planet can. Do we really want to talk about work? I mean – look at that moon.”
She laughed and took a peek out the window at the moon, then tested her new wine. Jeff thought about toasting the new bottle, but wasn’t sure where she’d go with it, so he let it go. “Oh, this is good,” she said, placing her glass back on the table. “I’d better slow down or I’m not going to have any trouble talking about anything.”
“Well, maybe that’ll help me,” he said, tasting the wine himself. It was very good. As much as Dexter had taught him about enjoying wine, though, he couldn’t tell why it was very good. It just was.
“So maybe we talk about the work stuff and it’ll open up other conversations.”
He noticed that she wasn’t engaging in the small talk herself, and he wondered if it was because she shared his thoughts on what the evening should actually mean, or if she just didn’t care. Those were two very distinct points of view. “Alright, you asked about the coordinates. I can start there.”
The waiter brought their soups and they dug in, comparing their reactions. Jeff offered her a scoop of his bisque, which she took, agreeing with his positive assessment. She reciprocated, but he declined until she forced him to taste some.
“For future reference, when a woman offers you a bite of her food, you try it.”
“Is that true?” he asked, laughing. “Guess I need some practice. I was just concerned that those onions they used to make it haven’t even been planted where we come from.”
“Clever,” she said. “Tell me about the coordinates.”
“Ah, yes,” he said, now feeling confident that they’d made it over the hump in the conversation. “It doesn’t work the way that you’d expect. You’re not speeding up or slowing down time, so it doesn’t matter where you’re coming from. What we’re doing is pinpointing a precise moment in history – or the future – and going directly to it. The coordinates direct the device to take you to that moment.”
“Well, yeah. That’s exactly what I thought. That you were jumping from one location to another.”
“It seems logical, doesn’t it? But that’s not how it works. What we’re doing is turning ourselves, or anything else passing through time, into light. Once that happens, it doesn’t matter where you came from. It only matters where you’re going.”
“I guess that makes sense,” she said. “And this is all based on Einstein’s theory of relativity?”
“To some degree, yes. Einstein believed that if an object – let’s say a person – were to reach the speed of light, they would find themselves trapped in a state of timelessness.”
“Timelessness?”
“Yes, no time at all.”
“But time is a product of our planet. Twenty-four hours to rotate, 365 and a quarter days to revolve...”
“We’re talking about the universe here, though. How very antediluvian of you to think that the Earth is the center of the universe.”
She smiled. “Point taken,” she said. It was a cute smile, so he awarded himself a couple extra points on the “how is the date going?” scorecard.
“What my device does is bring you back from that timelessness.”
“How did you end up, then, being so precise when you were running your experiment with the diamonds?”
“Luck. Pure unadulterated luck.”
“That seems far-fetched.”
“Well, yes, but there’s a reasonable explanation. I was working with such minute changes in my coordinates that it would stand to reason that there wouldn’t be much difference in the ‘universes’ that were being created. You saw the numbers I wrote on my arm? They were what? Thirty-five, forty decimal places? When I started, I was working 250 decimal places in. Ended up only being a matter of minutes.”
She was stirring her soup, clearly thinking about the next thing she would say, which tipped him off that it was going to be deep. Finally, she scooped out a spoonful, blew lightly on it, and sipped it up. Then she said, “So let me go back to a question I asked you a couple days ago...” She laughed. “Or, a hundred years ago, I don’t remember. Anyway, you gave me a fake answer – I could tell. You create this world-changing technology that will redefine everything we know about the universe, and your first inclination is to go back and steal things. Why?”
Still not an easy question, but not as bad as he’d imagined. “Actually, that wasn’t my first inclination. My first thoughts when I realized what was possible were right up your alley – the ability to use the device to develop a greater understanding of history. You have to imagine where my thinking was at the time. There were so many directions to take, from practical things like going back in the past to stop something bad that had happened, to the stuff you see in science fiction movies. I even thought about the concept of time tourism – like, you know how some rich people have reserved seats on the first flight to Mars? That kind of thing. But then, something happened.”
“What’s that?” She was listening intently.
“I was worried about running out of money.”
She snickered. “Honestly?”
“As it turns out, creating technology that will change everything we know about the universe is a very expensive proposition. Especially when you’re also financing a facade program that’s equally as expensive. Anyway, when I started looking for new ways to finance a secret operation, the idea came to me. The perfect crime is one where you can’t be prosecuted, isn’t it?”
“You could get killed, though.”
“Well, yeah,” he said, taking a drink of his wine. “But that seemed like the lesser of two evils, and honestly, that didn’t even occur to me early on.”
“How much was your stimulus grant?”
“Forty million, give-or-take.”
“And you burned through that?”
“Well, no, there’s plenty of money for what I need right now. I just know it goes quickly. The difficult part is that I still have to show the government folks that I’m making progress on the initial experiment, as well. I can do that, and the experiments are tied closely enough together that the lines between them can be blurred, but ultimately I’m going to run out. Those battery packs that power the time device?”
Their waiter brought Erica’s salad, interrupting him, and immediately making him conscious of talking about time travel in a crowded restaurant, so he lowered his voice. “Each of those packs gets me four trips. They cost about $300,000 each.”
“Wow. So it’s not just three double-As?”
He smiled. “I’m afraid not.”
“Do I even want to ask what’s in them?” She looked down at her plate. “Oh, I forgot to say ‘no anchovies’.” Jeff started to call for the waiter, but she simply started picking them off and putting them on the side plate, gesturing that it wasn’t a big deal.
“You know anchovies are good for you,” he said, teasing her.
She shook her head. “That really doesn’t matter.”
He shook off what seemed to be a weird answer and got back on-topic. “The battery packs use synthetic Neptunium, a radio-active material, obviously.”
“Are they safe?”
He held up his hands. “Oh yes. Don’t worry about that. Everything is contained. Neptunium actually shows up in small traces in smoke detectors that rust and decay. That’s not to say we aren’t super careful. I wouldn’t be able to take the device or the batteries onto a commercial plane, for instance, but just as standard operating procedure, they’re completely safe. The casing on the batteries was designed by the same people that make those padlocks that you can’t shoot through. You remember that commercial?”
“I do,” she said. “Do you ever have to travel with them? I mean the batteries.” She stopped herself. “Am I correct – the batteries serve for both experiments so the government thinks you’re buying them for your legitimate work?”
He smiled, unsuccessfully trying to hide his guilt. “Well, not exactly. I mean, yes, they do, but once I reconstituted the technology to fit the time travel side of the research, I needed a lot more power. So, yes, the batteries do serve both experiments, and while the current batteries I use are… let’s say, an ‘upgrade’ from the original design, the amount of power they house is overkill for the experiments under the grant.”
She was shaking her head as he talked. “You have some charade going.”
“I do,” he said, “and I don’t always feel good about it. But to answer your original question, there generally isn’t much need for haste in what I do. When I absolutely need to, which happens from time to time, I have a relationship with one of the private carriers out of Teterboro.” He tilted his bowl to capture the last of the bisque.
“Sounds a bit extravagant, don’t you think?”
“Well, remember I drew up the grant application long before time travel even entered my imagination,” he said. “I built a hefty line for travel into the budget to make sure I had the resources I need, just in case.”
“Just in case,” she repeated thoughtfully, then moved on. “So your decision to take on a life of crime was out of necessity, to keep your experiments going?”
“You can say that.”
She crunched on a piece of romaine. “At least it wasn’t to support a drug habit. But the jobs you’ve done – you couldn’t have made too much headway. On the Wilton job, you’re getting $5 million from the Smithsonian-”
“Don’t forget we have the rest of the Wilton gold, too.”
“Ah yes, thank you for reminding me. I’m still so thrilled about that. But anyway, you’re not exactly putting your financial woes to rest with that. Howard Miles was, at the most, a couple hundred thousand. Even if you’d accomplished the Garvey job, how much would you have made?”
“Dexter had Garvey’s collection valued at about $6.5 million.”
“Oh, Dexter, right – you have to split that among your team, too. Are you even coming close to what you need?”
“Well, we’re getting there.”
She sat back in her chair. “You saying ‘getting there’ is pretty inconsistent with your agreeing to go to the government when we get back.”
“Not necessarily. It depends on how we do tomorrow morning.”
“What depends on that? Whether you’ll follow through with your promise?”
He silently swore. He had a feeling that she had been roundaboutly trying to get to this point. For someone that he’d known for such a short time, she had him figured out pretty darn well. “It’s not like that,” he said quietly, when in all actuality it was exactly “like that.”
“Have you assessed what you need? What happens if we don’t meet your ideal number tomorrow?” She wasn’t being emotional about it – just direct. Which confirmed for him that she’d been researching. She knew he wasn’t going to do it.
“I have a ballpark figure.” He was suddenly feeling extremely defensive, and had to remind himself that all of this was actually his experiment. His invention.
She sighed, then popped a crouton into her mouth. “Well, I can’t control what you do, Jeff. I can just hope you’ll do the right thing.”
“Where does that leave you?” The question was out of his mouth before he could think about what he was saying.
“You mean whether or not I’ll get on the plane back to California?” His plan to go back at night would actually push her past her scheduled flight. It hadn’t been intentional on his part, but he didn’t know if she’d realized it. “I am willing to do whatever I can to help you tomorrow so that you can get back safely. I can even support you needing the resources to finish your research. But just in your little circle, you’ve affected a number of lives in a negative way. Just in your circle – forget about what you might’ve done to the rest of the world. This technology hasn’t even gotten out of your hands and pieces of our history have been upended. Poor Dexter – I feel terrible for him, the more I think about it. He’s been trapped in a British prison and now had his life turned completely around.”
“If I continue my experiments, I intend to fix that.”
She shook her head. “And what other damage will you cause?”
The question was rhetorical, as she didn’t wait for an answer, diving back into her salad. Which was good, because he wasn’t going to provide an answer. Instead, he began to strategize how he could salvage the evening. He forced a laugh. “Guess I should’ve stuck to small talk.” It came out of his mouth even more weakly than it sounded in his head.
She looked up from her plate and actually smiled, though it felt almost like it was out of pity.
“What would you do if you were me?” he asked.
Without hesitation, she looked him in the eye to answer. “I’d do whatever was in my power to make things right.”

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

Erica knew that Jeff was beyond disappointed that his “date” wasn’t going well. But while she’d been having an extremely difficult time holding in her thoughts about his decision not to follow through on his promise, she didn’t want to be divisive with her insistent questioning – which she knew she was capable of. She didn’t like the look on his face, and knew she needed to regroup herself as well, so she excused herself to the restroom before the meal came.
In the restroom, she finally felt like she was in the future. If there was one industry that must’ve blossomed over the last seven years, it was bathroom facilities. Understandably, to ensure that there would be no possibility of a restroom user leaving the room with a germ on her hands, everything was mechanized and computerized. While in her present time, it was already rare that you had to touch anything in a public restroom, these toilets automatically covered themselves before flushing (she imagined that technology had ruined the old flush-to-cover-up-a-noisy-bathroom-visit trick), these faucets measured the water to the precise temperature to help destroy germs, toilet tissue rolled itself for you to what she imagined were LEED-certified rations, and the hand dryers not only provided hurricane force winds, but were as quiet as a ceiling fan. Finally, she was impressed.
Before leaving, and being the only one in the room, she took a moment to look at herself in the mirror. She knew full well that no one liked a nag, so she took a deep breath and determined not to be one. But still, in the back of her mind, no matter what happened, and where Jeff’s life would take him, she couldn’t get past the notion that there was a lesson to be learned. Which probably didn’t matter, of course. Jeff was going to do what he was going to do, and likely it would be along the same track he was on.
One thing that was incredibly important, however, was that the morning’s activity went on without a hitch. Unfortunately, she knew that was much easier said than done. It made her extremely nervous that they had no idea what they were getting themselves into, and probably even more nervous that he didn’t seem to be worried about that. She nodded to herself in the mirror. That’s what they should be talking about. It would relieve her of her innate desire to lecture him, and would really be a much more productive conversation. The rest of it was all moot anyway.
She exited the restroom through a door that, of course, opened without her laying a hand on it, and returned to the table to find a plate featuring two enormous crab cakes sitting in front of her seat. “Oh man,” she said, sitting. “I hope you like crab cakes. I’ll never eat all of this.”
He tried to smile again – she couldn’t imagine what he’d been thinking about while she was away. “If you don’t finish it, we could take it home.”
“Oh yeah, that’d be good. I’m not eating a leftover butter-filled crab cake that’s been sitting around for negative seven years.”
For that one he laughed, and immediately seemed to be relieved that the tension across the table was gone. “Well, it’s not my favorite,” he said, “but I’ll try some.”
“The restroom finally had some futuristic stuff in it,” she said, reverting to the previous line of small talk to try to put the other conversation behind them. “You should take a look.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen some things, too. I forgot to tell you about the grocery store... Well, the grocery store three years from now, at least. I just ran my cart under a large scanner and it did everything at once – kind of like those high-speed tolls on the Parkway. Pretty neat.”
She scooped a mound of crab cake onto his plate, setting it beside his absurdly large steak, and he made a “too much” face, but it didn’t matter. There was a bit of an awkward silent pause that would cause a real couple to probably apologize to each other, but that wasn’t going to happen, she determined. “Let’s forget about all of that other stuff that we were talking about for right now,” she said. “I know you don’t want to, but let’s talk about tomorrow morning. I’m getting more nervous the more I think about it.”
“Why’s that?” He cut into his steak with a mammoth knife. From her vantage point across the table, it looked very juicy.
“I just don’t see it as being all that easy to get close to one of these trucks. And I see it as even harder with two people. One of us, sure, maybe you could get close enough, plunk the device onto the side of it and pull the trigger. But two of us having to grab onto the same device? While it’s touching the truck? You’ve already seen once how difficult it is to get multiple people together to make the jump in a dire situation. But you seem so calm about it.”
He set his fork down. “Alright, I’ll admit to you that I did a little research of my own.”
“When? While I was shopping?”
“No, actually, when I say that I did a little research, I mean future me did some research.” He pulled his smartphone from his pocket and touched the screen. “I replied to my text message earlier with this...”
She took the phone from him and read an e-mail from his future self. All it said was “Thx. Will take care of the car. Scaffold. 43rd and 7th. Good luck.”
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“I’m guessing that it means we get to the truck from above. If these trucks are surrounded by an army of guards, we’re not going to be able to run up to get anywhere near one. In a couple days, all of the paper money in the trucks will be worthless. But right now, as you pointed out, it’s incredibly valuable. Given the amount of cash they’ll be taking in in a short period of time, there is no way they’ll be able to monitor serial numbers or anything like that. They’re just going to be loading up trucks with money and sending them on their way. Which means there’s nothing stopping anyone from stealing money from one site and cashing it in somewhere else.”
“You believe that’s true, but do you know?”
“Well, no. But it stands to reason.”
“So, we somehow get onto this scaffold and jump down onto the truck? Do you know there’s actually a scaffold there? On 43rd and Broadway?”
He resumed eating. She was still kind of dumbstruck. “I took a walk a little bit earlier and checked it out. It’s there, right up against the side of the building. Looks like they’re doing some maintenance work.”
“And, what? They’re going to park the truck right underneath it?”
“There’s not really any reason why they shouldn’t. Is there any reason for them to believe that someone could jump off the scaffold and steal the truck quickly enough to not be shot on sight?”
He had a point. It didn’t seem like a challenge they’d even consider. “Can we get up on the scaffold?”
“About halfway down the block, yes.” He chewed a piece of meat that he’d cut too big, making a metaphor out of her concerns. “I don’t want you to think I’m sitting here believing there’s no danger. There’s plenty of danger. But it’s also very doable. We climb the scaffold. We run toward the truck as quickly as possible. We jump onto the truck, grab the device together, lay it on the truck and zap... We’re gone.”
“That easy?” She still wasn’t sure she was ready to keep eating, but she tried.
“If it works, it’s that easy.”
“If it doesn’t?”
“Then we improvise. Believe me, Erica, my ultimate goal here is getting you and me home safely. I will do whatever it takes.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that’s the number one priority. There are other repercussions that could exist.”
“Such as?” She could tell he didn’t want to say what he was thinking, but it was already too late.
“Such as – there’s someone in the truck. It’ll be unfortunate if that happens, but if someone’s in the truck at the moment we need to push the button, they’re coming with us.”
“We can’t do that.”
“If it’s a choice between that and one of us getting separated or shot, we’re taking that option.”
“Do you think anyone will get hurt? What about when we arrive back in our present time? Times Square is a busy place, even in the middle of the night.”
“Well, I’d originally thought we could actually get the truck and drive it, then time travel while we were on a highway. But that whole idea really is ridiculous. We’re not going to be able to get control of the truck. It’s not happening. We’re going to have to move it right there. Doing it at night will help us, but there’s a risk that someone will be standing in that spot in our present time.”
“What will happen to them?”
“Remember the diamond?”
“The diamond? Oh, in your lab?”
“Yes. Basically, that’s what’ll happen. They’ll be displaced. If that happens – and remember, it’ll be the middle of the night so there’s less of a chance of it – there could be some bumps and bruises, but nothing that’s going to threaten anyone’s life.”
“And then what? We just drive away with the truck? Will they leave the keys in it?”
He laughed and sat back. She noticed most of his steak was gone – when had he eaten it?
“What’s so funny?”
“You don’t give me much credit at all, do you?”
“Why?”
“Keys? I created a device that allows people to travel through time. Do you think that not having keys would stop me from driving that truck?”
“Alright, alright,” she said. She took a moment chewing her own food, thinking about whether his new plan actually made her feel more or less comfortable. Either way, it wasn’t wholly soothing. But there was something to be said about the idea that his future self, who knew what the outcome would be because he’d lived it, was guiding him and offering advice. Even though she didn’t want to trust that the future Jeff would steer them in the right direction, if she couldn’t trust someone who’d seen it with his own eyes, who could she trust? “How do we know what time?”
“I wasn’t clear on that,” Jeff said. “I suppose when we see the truck is getting full.”
She shook her head. “When we started out, all of this was so scientific. What happened to us?”
“Science is reliable. Business is messy.”
“I guess,” she said.
They finished their meals, finally getting to the small talk that Jeff had wanted from the beginning. They mostly focused on how cool it had been to escape the hurricane. After a short while, they were both tired and headed back to the room after leaving a large wad of cash on the table for the waiter. Paper money that would soon be absolutely worthless.

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE

March 19, 2022

The throng was impassable.
Any well-laid plans that Jeff could’ve come up with ahead of time would most certainly have had to been altered. They’d seen on the hotel television that the NYPD was not letting anyone congregate before midnight, though Erica didn’t see how that would be possible given the thousands upon thousands of people that were already there. She had to assume that just meant they weren’t going to let people actually form lines. They laughed – and cringed – at the thought of the race that would ensue once they situated the trucks for collection.
And it did. They watched from up above at midnight when the police cordoned off areas of Times Square for the lines to begin, and by 1 a.m. helicopters were on the news showing lines of people extending around, through, and beyond Times Square, the longest ended up stretching up 7th Avenue and along the edge of Central Park as far as 70th Street. That was one of six lines.
“This is going to be absolute bedlam,” Jeff had said, lying on his bed with the pillow and his head propped up against the headboard.
Erica, lying in the same position on her own bed, also unable to get to sleep, had said, “But it’s really the only way to go if they want to get all of the cash in the country off the streets in a matter of days. Remember that there are tens of thousands of these collections around the country. These people chose to come here because of the party. They knew what they were getting into.”
That had pretty much been the evening, the two of them laying on their separate beds watching 24-hour news in the dark. Sleep was a pipe dream, and around two they agreed they needed to turn off the television for a more serious attempt.
Erica last remembered the clock on the television saying 2:14 a.m. before she fell asleep. She had no idea when Jeff had dozed off, though she did hear him give a half-snore at one point. With what they’d been through in the last 48 hours, it was amazing they both hadn’t fallen asleep as soon as their heads hit the pillows. But who knew what day or time it was relative to when they’d started?
Their morning had been all about preparation. Jeff had left early and done his best to walk across the Square to the area where they expected the truck to be. When he returned, he reported the scaffold was in place and that 43rd Street to the east, like a number of other streets, had been blocked off to ensure that trucks had room to leave the crowd. Second-guessing themselves, they tossed around the idea of trying to catch the truck along its route – away from the crowd at a stoplight, perhaps – but both of them were concerned about dragging some unsuspecting guard in the truck with them. Plus, there would be more security as the truck moved through the streets of the city. With the truck still in place, they’d have a better chance of timing it so that it would be full of money and devoid of people.
The government reps would not begin physically collecting money until 10 a.m., which was about ten minutes from when they reached the crowd, but the trucks were already in place at their various locations, strategically positioned to best facilitate the flow of people. Jeff and Erica had seen on the news how the process would work: special counters had been created that could not only discern between bills of different denominations, but could weed out counterfeits and count at an incredible speed. “Like they hadn’t been planning this for a while,” Erica had said. A person cashing in would place their thumb onto a biometrics pad on the machine, which would spit out their personal information for them to verify, then the counter would automatically deposit their cash. Each person was given a transaction receipt breaking down the exact number of bills and coins that had gone into the machine, and any disputes were to be handled at satellite treasury offices in the coming weeks – though it was insinuated that challenges were not likely to win. People were advised to separate their cash into denominations and photograph it prior to putting it into the machine. The process per person, start-to-finish, would take about 45 seconds – give or take a few seconds for people who took longer to verify their information. Of course, if the biometrics information was wrong, those people had bigger problems to deal with.
They’d said on the news that there would be approximately 60 stations in Times Square for people to deposit their cash. The news channel estimated that, mathematically speaking, that set-up could take care of roughly 115,000 people in 24 hours. From Erica’s perspective, that was probably a third of the crowd.
The cash collected would be put into security bags which, once full, would be stuffed into the truck. Watching this happen, Erica and Jeff would be able to get a reasonable gauge as to when the truck would be as full as possible. Once a truck was full, it would take its escape route away from the crowd down one of several guarded escape routes, and would quickly be replaced with another.
At least most of the trucks would.
As they navigated the crowd, Erica’s biggest concern was getting separated from Jeff. While her partner had been casing the area in the morning, she’d been preparing the time device. She’d programmed the coordinates to land them about 14 hours after they’d left their present time – about 2 a.m. The device was in her pocket, and it was her responsibility to ignite it at the appropriate time – that being when her hand, Jeff’s hand, and the truck full of cash were in contact with it.
She’d come to agree that it was more important to return to the present quietly than to make sure she got her flight. She would head back to California the following morning, charging the fare to the project. And while she hadn’t told Jeff yet, she justified that what she’d been through the past couple of days entitled her to a private jet. She would need that.
The jump from the scaffold to the top of the truck frightened her. Not that she couldn’t make the jump – though it wasn’t a hop down, it was a real leap. But that moment provided the greatest opportunity for them to be separated. They had a split second to get things in order before the automatic rifles the cadre of guards was carrying would be pointed in their direction. It was an incredibly risky maneuver, and if somebody had asked her, she wasn’t quite sure she could explain how it was going to work.
In addition, she was carrying Abby’s tablet over her shoulder, though she kept it under her coat to minimize its movement. She was sad for leaving their fancy clothes behind in the room, but they’d agreed it would be too much to carry, laughing at themselves for considering it.
Now, though, with only a few minutes left before the lines started moving, Jeff led her slowly through the crowd. It was tough going, especially because there was a fair amount of normal tourist traffic in addition to the lines. Stores and restaurants offered “cash specials” for those wanting to hand over their paper money for the last time legally, and the Times Square atmosphere was half New Year’s Eve party, half Tiananmen Square. The mood of the crowd could’ve gone either way. She was happy they’d be leaving soon, and had to think that when she actually caught up to this present time in what she was thinking of as her ‘real time life,’ this would be the last place she’d want to be.
With no vehicle or pedestrian traffic allowed down 43rd, they finally emerged from the crowd on 42nd and started around the block. While they were walking, they heard a siren that denoted the beginning of the collection drive, and a deafening roar went up from the crowd. Instinctively, they sped up their pace as though it would only take minutes for the first truck to be filled. They wanted that first truck. They’d discussed it, and felt the element of surprise would be there just that once as the process was being completed for the first time, and that might buy them an extra second or two.
After a short walk, they ducked into a building that Jeff had scouted would lead through to 43rd and would deposit them almost exactly across the street from the scaffold. He’d seen guards at either end of the 43rd Street block, but no security in the middle at all, with enough entry foyers and bus shelters for them to find cover while crossing the street. In reality, there wasn’t much reason for the guards to suspect that someone was going to be attacking one of the trucks in the middle of the crowd and with an arsenal of security weapons at-the-ready. There was nowhere to go. At least not from their ignorant-to-what-was-possible perspective.
A few moments later, they were through the building. Jeff poked his head out into the street. “It’s completely empty,” he said, and slipped out the door. Erica did the same, looking up and down the street herself.
To her left, she could see the front of the armored car, with a glimpse of the barricaded crowd behind it. To the right, she could make out a guard on each side of the road, weapon drawn and awaiting any disturbance. They were looking in the opposite direction.
“Why do I feel like we could walk right up and get in the car?” she asked. It was her nervous attempt at breaking the tension.
“It’s probably safer for us to go on the assumption it won’t be that easy.” For a lab geek, she thought he was pretty cool in the situation. Something she hadn’t expected. Maybe punching out Garvey had changed him.
Perhaps to prove himself, Jeff grabbed her by the hand and darted across the street, disappearing into a bus shelter. The dark glass would keep them hidden from a distance, even if someone did happen to look their way. They were about thirty feet from the scaffold, which was, like most New York scaffolds, papered with playbills and advertisements for upstart bands and second-tier comedy clubs. There was no ladder, but Jeff had tested it the night before and felt that he could hoist Erica up, then jump and pull himself up to the first landing. She hoped he was right.
“No time like the present,” he said, and once again pulled her by the hand. They inched along the side of the building until they were at the base of the scaffold, which was near the entryway for a deli that was fortunately closed for the big event. “Ready?” he asked.
She nodded and he interlocked his fingers to create a step for her. She stepped into it and they simultaneously lifted until she could grab the bar. She’d advised him that she wasn’t the strongest climber, but a surge of adrenaline helped her to pull herself up. A moment later, Jeff tossed his computer bag up to her before leaping and grabbing the rung holding up the scaffold, but he slipped and landed back on his feet. He ducked back into the entryway. Taking his cue, she sidled up against the second-floor window behind her to stay out of sight.
Having attracted no attention, he made another run at it and was this time able to grab hold. She tried to pull his arms and didn’t have the strength, but he pushed his foot off of the adjoining pole to provide enough leverage to pull himself up. Once he did, they leaned against the building. Her heart was already pounding overbearingly, though they’d only completed the first step.
“Alright,” Jeff said, out of breath himself. “We won’t be able to get too close to the truck without someone seeing us - especially people in the crowd. So it’s going to be a matter of running and timing.”
“Great,” she said, handing him back his bag. He slung it over his shoulder.
“You have the time device, so I’m going to have to get to you. I’m going to run interference.”
“What do you mean, ‘run interference’?”
“I’m going to go first. I’ll be the one to attract attention. What I need you to do is follow me, make sure you get on top of that truck and position the device on it.”
“You’re going to be up there with me, aren’t you?” Was he going a different direction now?
“That’s my plan. But I want to make sure that you don’t deviate from this plan regardless of what happens to me.”
“You mean go without you?”
Now, he turned to her and laughed. “Well, no, I hope not,” he said. “If anything happens and I can’t physically get to you, I need to somehow get my ass into that truck before you pull the trigger.”
“Ah.”
“But if you try to improvise and I don’t know what you’re doing, that might be for naught. See what I’m saying?”
She nodded, instinctively pulling the device from her pocket and grasping it tightly in her hand. “Alright, I’m ready,” she said.
Before she could react, Jeff leaned down and kissed her on the lips.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

The kiss wasn’t pre-meditated. It just felt right at the time.
Jeff thought he needed a little boost of testosterone for this project, and it seemed there was no better stimulus than the support and encouragement of an attractive woman. When he pulled away from her lips a moment later, he was immediately as surprised that he’d done it as she probably was.
“What was that?” she asked, in a tone that was neither defensive nor appreciative. Almost as though the kiss was just something that happened during her day – a funny story for later.
Still, he smiled. He tried to make it a warm, romantic smile, but it probably came across as a maniacal grin. “I needed some encouragement,” he said.
“Okay.” She looked past him down the street. “So when do we do this?”
Had the kiss not fazed her, or maybe it just wasn’t the time? Or maybe there really wasn’t a chance of this going anywhere, despite the excitement that surrounded them and the connection he felt they had. He thought about the evening before, about their conversations, though this really wasn’t the time. Could her insistence that he turn the time device in to the government folks really put that big of a wedge in between them? His male ego – particularly at a time when he needed as much male ego as possible - wouldn’t let him believe that she just wasn’t into him. She’d touched his arm and talked about canceling her flight. There had to be more to her reticence.
But if his interpretation that she was thinking it just wasn’t the time was on target, she was right. He turned his attention back to the armored car, now about a football field’s length away. For that moment, the noise of the crowd had been non-existent in his ears, but now it was back in full force, and it was clearly having an effect on his thought process. Beyond the truck, he could see the backs of guards facing away from him, but the area surrounding and behind the truck was still empty of people.
“I want to see some motion around the truck that would suggest it’s filling up,” he said to her, still looking down the street.
“Like people getting ready to hop in and drive away? Won’t that be cutting it close?”
“I think that’s our window of opportunity, though.”
“Well, should we be closer then?”
He tried to gauge how close they could get without being noticed, and saw a small alcove about a third of the way down, tucked in between two ornate windows. Without speaking, he inched down the wall, knowing she would follow. After a minute or so, he ducked into the alcove, Erica immediately behind him.
“Okay,” he said. “This is home base.”
He watched the truck closely from their new vantage point. The guards hadn’t moved – they appeared to have been instructed to stay put in front of the truck to absolutely nix any thoughts of a surge. They were almost robotic in their sentry positions, but with the street behind them clear, there wasn’t much chance of any aggression from behind. Besides, there were only two ways for a would-be thief to escape – into the crowd or down a narrow street. Neither was a viable option in their limited three-dimensional world.
Over the next several minutes, the waiting game slowed down his heart rate. Which he really didn’t want to happen because he felt adrenaline would be important. He tried to focus on what he needed to do, hoping that it would cause some consternation for him that he could then translate into enthusiasm. It didn’t immediately, so he looked over at Erica. “I hate waiting,” he said.
“You have a time machine. You shouldn’t ever have to wait for anything.”
“That’s clever,” he said.
He’d grown accustomed to the crowd noise by that point; it was just a loud din that surrounded them. That was important because of the way he thought about things. He didn’t like a lot of distraction – he wasn’t one of those people that listened to music while he was working. He needed quiet. Truth be told, even though he was antsy it was probably better that they’d had to wait so that he could desensitize himself to the noise. It would allow him to think clearly.
“Look,” Erica said. He turned to see her pointing toward the far end of the block, where another armored car was backing onto the street, guided by one of the guards. “They must be getting ready to make a switch.”
Jeff calculated. It had been about twenty minutes. Could the first truck be full already? He turned back to the truck parked at the mouth of the street near 6th Avenue. No action yet. “Maybe they’re just getting ready to make sure it happens seamlessly,” he said.
But no sooner had he said that than he started to see a commotion around the first truck. Two of the guards walked to the front of the truck. One of them appeared to be on a walkie-talkie type device, and waved down the street toward the other guards, who seemed to be way too far away to see him. Instinctively, Jeff pressed himself back against the wall, reaching over in front of Erica to encourage her to do the same. Though they were sufficiently hidden unless someone walked directly in front of them, it seemed more secure.
As if by script, one of the guards walked up the left side of the car and opened the driver’s side door. His partner, the waver, returned to the rear of the truck to finish up the load. To their right, the other armored car slowly backed down 43rd.
“This is it,” Jeff said. “Are you ready?” The thump was back in his chest.
He heard her start to say something, but then he decided that they only had a moment to take advantage of the situation. It was the waving that tipped him off. Why did the guy need to both wave and talk on the radio? With the first truck of the morning, they would not have their procedures perfected. It was the best chance of there being holes in the security. And they most certainly would not be expecting an ambush.
He started to run along the scaffold.
His footsteps pounded heavily on the wooden platform, so loudly that he didn’t know if Erica was following behind him. About halfway to the truck he realized that if she wasn’t behind him, he was cooked, so he looked over his shoulder to see. She was, though she wasn’t keeping his pace, trailing about thirty or forty feet behind. It was okay, though. He wanted to make sure any attention they got was on him.
He came to the do-or-die point – an opening in the scaffold wall that presented about a five-foot jump to the truck. As he neared, given his speed, he knew the jump wouldn’t be a problem, but it occurred to him that stopping once he reached the truck might be.
He hit the gap at full speed and hurtled across the divide. As he flew through the air, he could already see that his arrival was causing a commotion, with guards pulling away from their posts toward him. Fortunately, the ones he saw were moving toward the near side of the truck, rather than the driver’s side.
Where, after a moment in the air, he realized he was going to end up.

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE

Erica watched as Jeff went airborne.
He hit the top of the armored car hard, went immediately to his knees, and then rolled off of the opposite side of the truck, falling to the ground below where she lost sight of him. She noticed that he’d instinctively pulled his still-injured hand to his chest during the leap, and with only one hand to stabilize himself had had no chance of holding on.
Her immediate reaction was to stop and regroup, but his instructions echoed in her mind to keep going and stick with the plan. She had to engage the device no matter what. She just hoped that he was ready.
She could see that the focus of the guards was on this mysterious intruder that had somehow fallen from the sky. They scurried around the truck to the point where he’d disappeared.
Reaching the landing, she knew that if she thought about it she wouldn’t make the jump, so she kicked off and landed on her hands and knees on top of the truck. She pinched her fingers in between the metal on the top of the truck and the time device, but held on firmly. She’d have the time to feel that pain later.
Not knowing if anyone saw her follow up to Jeff, she laid the device on top of the truck, leaned her weight on it, and waited for Jeff’s instructions.
That is, as long as he wasn’t in shackles by now.
Or whatever kind of restraints they would use in the future.

CHAPTER FORTY-SIX

It was probably sheer adrenaline, but his topple off the top of the truck – which was essentially a two-story fall – didn’t hurt as much as Jeff would’ve thought. But even if it had, he wouldn’t have had time to dwell on it. In a split second, he was on his feet and saw two guards advancing on him, weapons drawn.
For what he was about to do, he said a quick silent prayer that Erica was where she was supposed to be.
A guard approached him from the front and Jeff readied to swing his heavy computer bag at the man’s face as ferociously as he could. But as he started his turn, he was grabbed from behind under the arms and lost his leverage. A nightstick came at his face and he winced, evading it just enough that it glanced off of his shoulder and the guard’s momentum carried him into the guard that was holding onto him. Three more guards rushed to the scene, each grabbing a part of him – his arm, his leg. One grabbed him by the back of the neck as though he was about to be ushered to his bedroom for a grounding.
As he was tossed around, his mind turned to Erica. Either she’d been caught, too, or she was sitting on top of the armored car as told. Given the guards’ approach to him, he couldn’t imagine that she was untouched.
Then, suddenly, each and every one of them let go.
He regained his footing, but was quickly swept to the side by a mass of people rushing toward him. The blue uniforms of the security guards that had surrounded him only a moment before were quickly replaced by a sea of color. A mass of humanity pushed past him and he toppled to the ground, still clutching his bag. But with the attention of the police elsewhere, he sensed opportunity.
With great effort, he stood, turned, and located the truck, which was only about five feet away. Somehow there seemed to be at least a hundred people in between, though. He started chopping his way through with the computer bag. More and more people pushed past the cash collection stations into what was quickly becoming a riot. Jeff slowly pushed forward, an inch at a time, against the flow of people. He could see people starting to climb onto the truck and determined that, if this was going to work, it’d have to be immediately.
Finally, he threw someone – it felt like an old lady – aside and made his way to the door of the truck, which he noticed had been ripped off of its hinges. He dove inside head-first and started to yell for Erica, but a heavyset bearded man appeared in the open driver’s side door and grabbed his left foot. Jeff kicked him hard in the face with his right and the man fell backwards, taking Jeff’s shoe with him.
“Erica! Now!” he yelled at the top of his voice, knowing that she would never hear him over the noise of the mob.

CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN

It was getting increasingly difficult to stay put. Jeff’s ambush on the truck had not only aroused the attention of the security patrol, but their distraction had given reason for the crowd to surge past the cash tables and around the truck. Now, they were climbing up the side of the truck and would be on top of her in seconds.
She thought that she’d heard the two heavy doors on the back of the truck closed and locked just before the mayhem began, which would explain why people would be climbing on the armored car instead of poking around inside it where the money was. But in riots, people did tend to climb on things even if there was no purpose.
She heard splintering wood to her right and the scaffold, now alive with people, buckled. She could see the alarm on the faces of the people who were now past the point of no return – if the scaffold collapsed they were going down with it. She glanced up. The scaffold was about five stories tall. It was coming down, and it was coming down on top of her.
As the first fingers and heads poked above the top of the truck, she panicked. If anyone pulled her away from the truck, she wouldn’t be able to get her and Jeff back safely – even forgetting about the truck. If she was able to maintain her position and someone touched her, they’d be coming back with them. Past the few people getting close, a tidal wave of human beings was coming at her.
She heard someone yelling, which got her attention. It could’ve been Jeff, but it might not have been. If she hit the button at the wrong time, she’d leave him behind. She hesitated.
Then she heard it again. Her name.
She looked behind her and a skinny Hispanic man with a skullcap on had made it to the top of the truck and was coming toward her.
Another splintering of wood, and then screams. The scaffold was giving. Metal girders and shards of plywood descended on her.
If that wasn’t Jeff, it was too late. The time was now.
Her thumb twitched on the trigger reticently as if focusing a camera. Then she pushed the button.
The world blurred around her and suddenly she was back. On top of the truck. In the middle of the street, the lights of Times Square illuminating the darkness from behind her. The climbers were gone.
As her focus restored, to her left a yellow NYC taxi was flung to the side and crashed heavily against the building that only a moment before had been covered by the scaffold. To her right, a black SUV pushed sideways several feet against the curb and tipped onto its side, sending a small group of people erupting like bowling pins, toppling over one another across the sidewalk.
To her surprise, the armored car started and jerked forward. She lay flat on top to brace herself. The truck made its way down 43rd – what had to be present day 43rd – until it hit 8th Avenue, where it pulled to the curb and stopped.
Erica pushed herself up to stabilize herself before the truck moved again, but as she started to scramble toward the side, Jeff’s head popped up over the edge on the driver’s side.
“Did you miss me?” he asked.
Erica rolled over and laid on her back. The early morning air was cool and a shiver went down her spine. Her heart was still pounding. But the respite was short-lived, as they’d just left a mess down the street.
She looked over at Jeff, who was still hanging on the side of the truck, grinning.
“We’ll talk about it in the car,” she said.

CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT

October 1, 2015
With what they’d just been through, driving an armored car through Manhattan should’ve been easy, especially in the wee hours of the morning. But Jeff was extremely cautious about not arousing any attention beyond what would likely be coming to the scene of the accident. He navigated the streets carefully and chose the George Washington Bridge over the Lincoln Tunnel to get back to New Jersey.
After helping Erica down from the roof of the armored car, they’d taken a roundabout way to get away from 43rd. Even at 2 a.m., there was a decent amount of traffic, and an armored car would stand out. They were intent on getting back to Jersey and planting the truck in the garage that stood behind Jeff’s lab.
Erica’s first question had been what had happened to him once he fell off of the side of the truck. He gave her all the details, including showing her a bright purple bruise on his shoulder from the nightstick strike, emphasizing how glad he was it hadn’t hit him in the face. He told her how the throng had advanced at exactly the right time, and had simply pulled the security guards off of him, as well as how he’d kicked the guy in the face to keep him from getting into the truck. She laughed when she saw he was wearing only one shoe.
Then she told her side of the story, how she felt like a sitting duck on top of the truck with the crowd advancing on her. How if she’d waited three seconds longer she probably would’ve been impaled by one of the falling metal poles from the scaffold. How she did exactly as she’d been told, meticulously holding the time travel device against the roof of the truck, waiting for the right moment.
As they talked, even though it was over, neither of them wanted to address the idea that a lot of split-second decisions had been made, and that if any of them had been made incorrectly, one of them would still be seven years in the future being manhandled by either an angry crowd or merciless security guards. They avoided that concept altogether.
“I still can’t believe we started a riot,” he said as they took the entrance ramp to I-95. “Had I thought about that in the first place, I might’ve added it to the strategy. That mob saved my life. I have a feeling those guards were about to beat me to a bloody pulp.”
“They were probably just waiting for someone to screw around so they could make an example.”
“I wonder why you didn’t see anything in the news about the riot.”
“Maybe we did something that ‘future you’ hadn’t planned.”
He shook his head. “I don’t know. I think the story was written for future me. Maybe they suppressed the riot in the news – just like the video.”
“Seems kind of far-fetched. Jeff, you have to remember, there’s nothing stopping us from changing things – even if we think we know how things will turn out. I think the plan was for us to do things one way and we went a different direction. We’re lucky things worked out.”
“I guess it doesn’t matter,” he said. “It is what it is.”
“It is what it is... Now,” she said.
Within a few minutes they were crossing the George Washington Bridge. Jeff took advantage of the minimal traffic to peek over his shoulder at the present-day skyline.
“How about that?” he asked.
She was looking, too. “So different.”
“Well, it gives us something to look forward to.”
“Yeah, we’ll see,” she said.
He looked over at her. She’d turned back around and was looking straight ahead at the road. That was another one of those answers that perplexed him. But he didn’t want to say anything right then. She’d stuck with him as she’d said he would, and it wasn’t the moment for pressing questions.
They were off the bridge and into New Jersey, so Jeff made his way to the Turnpike. So far, they were just an armored car on the highway en route to an early morning delivery. He’d been more worried about Manhattan, particularly since they’d put a cab through the front window of a first-floor business. In Jersey, he felt comfortable, as though they’d left the trouble behind them.
“I think we proved my diamond theory is accurate,” he said, bringing the conversation back to something a little less mysterious.
She nodded. “Oh, yeah. I really hope we didn’t hurt anyone, though.”
“I glanced over before getting the hell out of there. There were people that had fallen down, but I didn’t see anyone that appeared to be injured badly.”
“Well, we’re not exactly good Samaritans,” she said with a sarcastic laugh. “If you checked on those people, you checked on them for about two seconds.”
“Yeah.” He felt a quick sting of guilt. But if he didn’t feel terrible about upending Dexter’s life, he wasn’t going to get bent out-of-shape about a bunch of strangers lying on a sidewalk. Science had its repercussions. “At least as many people fell off the truck when it disappeared, too.”
“And the scaffold. Man, that was dangerous.”
“Hard to imagine something like that wouldn’t have happened anyway,” he said, thinking. “All that crazy energy in the crowd, people pushing from behind, and then the interruptions to change trucks... I think they’ll be lucky if that’s the only riot that starts.” Jeff shook his head at the awful planning. If the government thought something like that was a good idea, what kind of trouble would they cause with time travel?
They drove for a little while longer until finally he pulled the truck off of the highway and through a series of neighborhood streets. They could see the Meadowlands and the Giants’ Stadium not too far away.
“What now?” she asked as he settled into a less hectic pace.
“I think we need some rest,” he said. “I’m going to drop you off at your hotel and then I’m going to head home. I know you realized we were coming back at a time when you would miss your flight, and I appreciate your seeing this through with me. If you still want to, we can book you for this morning back to California, but since you’re still here, I want to get the team together for a little party tonight to celebrate, if you’re up for it. I’m going to call Emeka to help me get into the back of the truck and then around 5 o’clock or so tonight, we’ll open up a couple bottles of champagne, get some food and toast ourselves for a job well done.”
“What about Dexter?”
“He’s on my invite list. Don’t worry. Remember, he’s supposed to come later today to talk about his new life, anyway.”
“How could you possibly remember that? I don’t even know what day it is.”
After a short stretch of office parks, Jeff veered into the large parking lot of the office building that held his lab. He drove to the back of the lot where there was a cement garage. He parked quickly, jumping out of the truck, then opened the garage and pulled his own car out of it, putting it off to the side. Then he returned and plugged the armored car into the garage. In a moment, the door was locked and they were in Jeff’s car headed to Erica’s hotel.
A short five minutes later, they reached Erica’s hotel and she laughed. “When did I check in here? Three months ago.”
“Might as well have been,” he said.
She got out of the car and leaned her head back inside. She rubbed her eyes. “I’m exhausted,” she said. “I feel like a zombie.”
He smiled, again, trying to keep it as warm a smile as possible. “Rest. Take a bath. Take a nap. Get a massage. Whatever it takes. We’ll have a good time tonight. We have some good stories to tell.”
“I have to get my flight booked,” she said.
He sighed. She was sticking to it. “I can help you get that taken care of.”
“To be honest with you, Jeff, I don’t know if I’m up for the whole security check, take-your-shoes-off thing, and then being cramped between two snoring fat guys all the way across the country. I’d really like to take a private flight back.”
It was an expensive request, but he knew she was well aware the cost wouldn’t put a dent in what they’d just collected in the armored car, and it was reasonable for her to look for her own considerations for the effort. It would be easy enough for him to set up through his carrier, and he could cover it through his grant temporarily. Determined not to let her see her heavy-duty request faze him, he tried the smile again. It wasn’t having the right effect, though she probably really was exhausted and just wanted to be home. He knew that’s how he felt. “I think you’ve earned that,” he said calmly. “I’ll set it up for you for tomorrow morning.”
“Thank you,” she said, then closed the door and walked into the hotel lobby.
He watched her walk away as the entire trip they’d just gone on passed through his mind. From the hurricane to him catching her looking at Dexter’s future, to the wonderful dinner and on to their little stunt show at the end. He found it incredible that she’d be able to just hop on a plane and fly back to California. He, himself, wanted so much more time together.
He drove away from the hotel and pulled his phone from his pocket. Though it was early, very early, he dialed Emeka. The phone rang four times before a groggy voice mumbled something like a hello.
“Emeka, it’s Jeff. We’re back.”
“Oh man,” his friend said. “Thank goodness. Where the hell were you? I thought you were coming back at the same time. Like, thirty seconds later you’d be standing there.”
“No. Didn’t work that way. Look, I’ll tell you the whole story – Oh, damn...
“What’s up?”
“I forgot to get the time device back from Erica. Remind me later today.”
“What’s later today?”
“Well, two things. First, I have an armored car filled with cash that I need to figure out how to get into.”
“No way.” He could hear Emeka grinning over the phone.
“Yes, you bet I do. I need your help with that. Second, I’m going to throw a little party to celebrate. I’m hoping you can make it.”
“You know I’ll be there.”
“Can you meet me at the lab at three o’clock this afternoon?”
“I can. I’ll bring some tools.”
“Great. I’ll see you there.”
They hung up and Jeff continued his trek home. Like Erica, he felt as though he hadn’t been home in weeks, when in reality he’d been there less than 24 hours before. As soon as his head hit the pillow, though, all sense of time was lost as he quickly fell into a deep, present day sleep.

CHAPTER FORTY-NINE

By taxi, Erica and Abby’s tablet arrived at Jeff’s lab mid-afternoon, but after checking into the building as a visitor and making her way to his second floor facility, she found it locked. She dialed Jeff on her cell and he instructed her to meet him out behind the building where they’d parked the armored car earlier that morning.
She emerged into the sunlight to find Jeff and Emeka assessing the rear end of the car, which was sticking out of the garage. Jeff saw her approach and greeted her. Emeka turned and smiled.
“Good to see you,” he said, extending his hand. “I haven’t seen you since-”
“Our lunch in New York,” she said, taking it.
“From what Jeff tells me, it probably seems a lot longer ago to you than it does to me.”
She laughed. “I’ll bet.”
He put one arm around Jeff and squeezed him in a big-guy bear hug. “Well, thanks for taking care of my buddy here. He says you were a worthy partner.”
“I’m sure there were moments on our trip when he wished you were there instead of me.”
“Nah,” Emeka said, and she caught a little glance and grin that he flashed at Jeff.
She closed her eyes for a moment, blinking back embarrassment. They’d been talking about Jeff’s feelings while they did their manly stuff here. He’d probably told her about the kiss. She changed the subject quickly. “What’re you up to?”
“Emeka thought he could just blast through the side of the car, but it appears that in the future people are a little more cautious,” Jeff said. “Some kind of military-grade materials – I don’t know what it is. Plus, a blast in the middle of a suburban office park wouldn’t go over well, and it would probably destroy all of the money anyway.”
“Sounds about right. What’s the back-up plan?”
Emeka jumped in. “I think I can get around the lock, but I don’t know if I can get it done by the party. I wouldn’t want to leave it half-open. Gimme a second.” He ran off to his SUV, which was parked about thirty feet away, across two garage bays.
She looked at Jeff, who said, “I was hoping we’d be able to get a peek at what we have here before the party tonight. I reserved the bar for just us at Freddie’s, which is a little burger bar down the street here. Walking distance.”
“Is Dexter coming?”
“He is, yes.”
“Good. How about my flight?”
“You’re flying out of Teterboro tomorrow at 8 a.m., get you to San Francisco about 9:30 a.m. Pacific time. A car will pick you up at the hotel about 7 tomorrow morning.”
“No personal ride?”
“I can if you want me to,” he said, a little too hopefully.
“No,” she said, laughing. “You sleep in. The car is perfect. I appreciate your doing that.”
“After how you stepped up for me? It’s a bargain.”
“That’s assuming I’m not going to ask for anything else.”
He laughed as Emeka returned with a welder’s mask and a large drill. He pointed at the back of the truck as he explained the situation. “You have three locks here,” he said. One takes a key, which of course we don’t have. One is a combination lock – and we don’t have the combination. And one takes some kind of ID badge – obviously, we don’t have that either. Unless you want to head back to the future and procure those things, we’re going to have to go around them.”
“Why don’t we try going around them?” Jeff said, grinning.
“Fair enough.” Emeka put on his gear and headed to the back door of the truck. Jeff protectively ushered Erica back several steps as he began to drill into the door.
“Aren’t people in your building going to hear that?” Erica asked.
He looked up. “Most of the building’s probably empty by now. Plus, they’re used to me doing weird things. Nobody will be fazed.”
“If you say so.”
With sparks flying off of the back of the truck, Abby’s yellow Mustang pulled up to their side. She got out of the car and walked toward them.
“I believe this is yours,” Erica said, slipping the case from around her neck and handing it to her.
“My baby,” Abby said, taking it. She looked over at Emeka working on the truck. “It served you well, I see.”
“Let’s just say I have the utmost respect for your mathematical skills. I think you’ll like the pics I took for you.”
Before she knew it, Abby’s arms were around her in a big hug. Their relationship seemed to have come a long way in the last 24 hours of real time. Abby left their hug and grabbed Jeff similarly. “I’m so happy you made it,” she said. “You ready for our next adventure?”
Jeff laughed. “Hold on. Not quite yet. I’ve got pretty bad time travel lag, and a few bumps and bruises that need to heal up. Gonna need a couple days before we think about that.”
“Alright, I’ll give you a couple,” she said. Erica sensed more seriousness than was probably appropriate, especially given their conversation two days before.
Emeka’s drill wound down and he turned to the three of them. He gave a quick wave at Abby, who waved back.
“How’s it going?” Jeff asked.
“Actually, not too bad. But I might have to take the whole door off.”
“That a problem?”
“Just that we’d better have somewhere to put everything that’s inside. Once this is open, it’s open.”
“Good point.”
The drill started again and Jeff pulled out his cell phone. He walked about 100 feet away and made a call.
“So was it everything you’d hoped it would be?” Abby asked.
“What? The time travel? It was certainly hairy at times.”
“Lot of danger in the future?”
She laughed. “When you’re trying to steal an armored car full of cash, yes.”
“And how’s Jeff?”
“What do you mean?”
“Is he ready to get back to work? Or is he looking to start a new adventure with you?”
Not as rosy as she let on. She shook her head. “Abby, I don’t know what you want from me. If you want to know Jeff’s intentions, you’ll have to ask him directly. All I know is that he needed my help and I was available to help him. And we were successful. Where he goes from here, I don’t know. All I know is that I’m getting on a plane in the morning back to California, where I’m going to deal with everything that’s happened in the past couple days in my own way. I’m not a new addition to your group, I promise.”
“So you’re not sticking around to see what happens next?”
“No. I can’t begin to tell you how traumatic all of this has been. Yes, everyone’s in a celebratory mood. But right now, I just want to get on with my life. Remember, if Dexter hadn’t been trapped in the past, I never would have been involved in the first place. This trip was a logical finish of that to help Jeff answer some questions, but that’s it.”
Abby nodded what Erica interpreted as her approval as Jeff got back. “Just ordered a U-Haul,” he said. “Dexter’s almost here. He’s going to stop and pick it up.”
They looked over at Emeka, who had now created a chasm in the thick metal door almost all the way from top to bottom. Sparks continued to fly past him, dissipating on the pavement. Erica looked up at the windows of Jeff’s building and, despite his assurances, could see people in various offices rubbernecking at them. They wouldn’t be able to be so obvious transferring the bags of cash from truck to truck.
After a little while, Emeka’s drill cut through the top of the door and he fell backwards onto the ground, catching himself on his feet and holding the drill safely out in front of him. The heavy door swung on its hinges past him, unveiling the inside of the truck. The three of them raced to Emeka’s side. Literally raced there, stopping short at the back of the truck.
Their efforts had not been for naught. The truck was filled to capacity with white canvas bags stuffed with paper money. Erica tried to quickly count at least the visible bags so she could estimate how many there were in total, but they were too packed in.
Jeff let out a whoop and grabbed her, hugging her tightly as he spun around. Then he hugged Emeka and Abby.
“We’ve got some counting to do,” he said, slapping hands with Emeka.
“How much do you think could be in there?” Abby asked.
Jeff shook his head. “There’s no way of knowing. There’s all different denominations of bills. From what I could see, all they were doing was stuffing money in bags without any rhyme or reason.”
“Yeah,” Erica said, finding herself caught up in the excitement, though all she really wanted to do was be away from it. “The machines separated the cash by denomination. There was no reason to do it manually.”
“It’s a helluva lot of money no matter what,” Emeka said. “Nice job, guys.”
“Here’s the mastermind,” Jeff said, pointing at Erica.
Which was a title she definitely did not want – to be considered the architect of the operation. She shook her head with a reluctant laugh. “This guy invents time travel, dives off the top of an armored car and takes on a swarm of cops, and he calls me the mastermind.”
“Hold up,” Jeff said. “We’ll tell the story start-to-finish with drinks in our hands.”
They heard a car horn to the side and turned to see a large U-Haul truck pulling into the lot. Through the windshield, they could see Dexter behind the wheel. When he got close, Jeff motioned for him to back up so that the truck was almost covering the mouth of the garage. When he parked, Dexter got out, gave out the required round of hugs, and looked into the back of the armored car.
“You did it, Jeff,” he said quietly. “You made this work.”
Jeff put his arm around him. “I couldn’t have done any of this without you.”
“What do you mean? I didn’t have anything to do with this. This was you and Dr. Danforth.”
“Leave me out of this,” Erica said.
Jeff shook his head. “One thing leads to another,” he said. “If we don’t do the Wilton job, we don’t do any of this.”
Dexter sighed. “Ah, that’s a stretch. It’s probably true, but the credit you’re giving me is over-the-top. This was your ballgame. You and Erica.”
Emeka’s hand appeared on Jeff’s shoulder from behind, giving him a shake. “You’re the man, dude,” he said.
“Alright, alright,” Jeff said. “There’s no sense congratulating ourselves here in the parking lot when I’ve got a bottle of Pinot Noir whose grapes haven’t even been grown yet for us to enjoy. Let’s get this thing unloaded and celebrate our victory the right way.”
Jeff headed for the truck with Abby and Emeka following. Erica took a step toward them, but Dexter grabbed her arm.
“I have something to show you,” he said, pulling a small leather bag out of his pocket. He placed it in her hand.
Taking it, she opened the bag and emptied it into her other hand. It was filled with gemstones of various colors. “What are these?”
“What do you think they are?”
“Really? Garvey’s gemstones?”
“A sampling of them. You’ll be interested in knowing they were secured for the Museum by Rosalynn Darby.”
She turned her attention from the stones to his face. He had no expression. “So that’s how you ended up with her daughter,” she said. “You knew Rosalynn through the Museum. There was no fight at the convention?”
“Oh no,” he said. “The fight still happened. We just found something to bond over, I guess.”
“The stones.” It dawned on her. “The stones weren’t available before Jeff punched Garvey in the face. In the other reality, they’d been lost.”
He was nodding.
“Absolutely incredible. Who’d have thought everything could be so intertwined?” She softened and made her best sympathetic face as she replaced the stones in the bag and handed it back to him. “So, how are things? How’s being married.”
“I hate every second of it,” he said without pause.
“Hey,” Jeff called back to them, “we can get this done faster with everyone helping.”
Dexter made eye contact with her for a moment, then turned to join the team. She followed. Within an hour, they’d emptied the armored car and filled the U-Haul, which was then backed into the next bay in the garage for temporary safekeeping.

CHAPTER FIFTY

If this was what being “on top of the world” meant, Jeff was pretty happy to be there. As much as he someday looked forward to them for himself, he couldn’t imagine that a wedding, a birth of a child of his own, or even hitting the lottery would be able to fill him with such pride in accomplishment. Sitting at Freddie’s Burger Barn with his friends, old and new, he was perfectly content. Perfectly.
“This bottle was actually left for us by me in the future,” he told everyone. “It is a 2020 Pinot Noir. The way I see it, anyone can drink wine from the past, but we are about to become the first people in history to drink wine from the future!”
The team gave a cheer, which added even more intensity to his enthusiasm. In the back of his mind he had actually thought about the fact that the bartender could hear everything they were saying, but he was the only one. He must’ve thought they were crazy, but he knew that at the end of the night he could give him a supersized tip in exchange for forgetting anything he heard. Though he’d probably heard his share of drunken foolery over time anyway. He handed the bottle to the bartender, who poured everyone a glass.
“Alright,” Emeka said, pulling two stools from the bar and lining them up next to each other to create a stage as the bartender walked away. “We want to hear the whole story.”
Jeff laughed, a fake humble laugh. Truthfully, he’d been itching to get his friends together and play storyteller. He took one of the stools and patted the other for Erica to join him. She shook her head and smiled shyly, but ultimately came and sat down next to him.
As they settled in, he asked Dexter what he thought of the wine. He said it was “grapey,” which made him laugh. “That’s exactly what future me said. ‘Grapey.’“
Once Erica was sitting beside him, he delved into their tale. From landing on the beach in rising tide – assuring Abby that her tablet had been safe the whole time – to the surfer motel clerk to their gift pack on the bed to fighting the hurricane to checking in at the same hotel three years earlier to their dinner in Times Square to the future New York skyline to the dawn of a cashless society, for the next hour in tandem they laid out the details of their journey.
But when they got to the crime itself, despite the heroism he felt from all of these accomplishments, he found himself not wanting to overdo it when it came to the actual heist. In his mind, that had been the pinnacle of everything they’d done – particularly because, at every step, he was not only concerned about succeeding, but about protecting Erica. There was something in the story that he couldn’t put into words, as though he was her knight and she was his lady, and as they fought to capture the money and get back to the present, it was his responsibility to ensure her safety. With that sentiment hanging there, Jeff let her tell the story of the robbery, allowing the chivalry and romanticism of it to remain in his own mind, for his own enjoyment.
The story was amazing coming from her. Her perspective was completely different from his, mainly because, as soon as he toppled off the side of the truck, she couldn’t see him. He hadn’t thought about the fact that she was laying on top of the truck with no clue what had happened to him or when she should pull the trigger on the time device. Still, she’d been completely unshakable, no matter how nervous she claimed to have been at the time, and all that made him appreciate her even more than he already did.
In telling the story, neither of them mentioned the kiss on the scaffold.
When the story was over, the rest of the team marveled at their fortitude, tossed out some questions about the future, and finally tried to probe Jeff as to what was next for their little project. With the future wine long gone, they plodded through three or four rounds of top shelf liquor, breaking into smaller conversations. At first, while Jeff had acted out his daring leap onto and over the armored car for Abby and Emeka, Erica and Dexter had coalesced over what Jeff could only imagine were the nerdier parts of the trip. After a while, Abby and Emeka sidled over to Dexter and, having not had the chance to talk to him since his capture in Colonial America, were grilling him on the details of the life he swore he’d had before the one they knew about. And the details of his life that Jeff and Erica swore he had before the one any of them knew about. For which he, of course, had no answers. “I can’t imagine you without Liz,” Abby said to him.
Jeff took the opportunity to sit down with Erica, both leaning on the bar. “You’re pretty amazing,” he said. “I had no idea what was going through your head in those moments before we came back. It was fascinating to hear.”
She laughed. “We planned everything on paper, and it all sounded like it made sense. But suddenly, we’re separated from each other and only one of us has the time travel device.”
Which she still had, he reminded himself.
“If I’d clicked the button at the wrong time, you’d have been stuck.”
He laughed. “Yeah, I know. I didn’t have time for that to occur to me, but I know it now. We’re a good team. That’s all I can chalk it up to.”
“No, we got lucky,” she said, smiling confidently. “It had nothing to do with the team. If the crowd hadn’t broken through, you would’ve been beaten to a bloody mess and thrown in future jail.”
“I hope if that had happened you would’ve had the sense to click the button and go. Then come back for me.”
“I don’t know,” she said. “I mean – I would’ve come back for you. But I would’ve been really hesitant to click that button without you. And I have to imagine future jail would have been much more difficult to get you out of than any prison in Colonial America.”
“Even with the scaffold coming down, you were worried about leaving without me?”
She shook her head. “Again, Jeff, I don’t know. It all happened very quickly. It’s hard to second-guess without making myself very anxious.”
“I gotcha.”
They simultaneously finished their drinks. Jeff ordered another for himself. Erica ordered an iced tea.
“You still owe me something,” she said, “before I go back to California.”
“What’s that?” He took a swig from his new glass.
“You’ve never told me about Joe Wilton. I want to know the whole story. What was the situation like? Was it just like he wrote in his diary?”
He laughed, then reached across the bar for a napkin, wiping his face.
“What’s so funny?”
“It’s just funny that you asked it that way – ‘is it the same as in the diary?’ Because it’s not, really. There is one big flaw in what he wrote.”
“What’s that?”
He turned to face her. “Alright. Here’s the scenario. So, Dexter and I come out in the middle of the road and stop the wagon. Your ancestor, Fitzsimmons, talks to us for a moment, then Emeka comes from the side and puts...” He trailed off.
“Puts what?”
“Well, puts a knife to his neck. Sorry, I know it’s your relative.”
She looked around. “What do you want me to say? Water under the bridge? Wait – he put the knife to Lucius’ neck? Wilton wrote that the guy with the scar put the knife to his neck.”
“Nice, huh? So, Fitzsimmons calls back to Wilton, who pops his head out and has a brief conversation with us. After a minute, he says he’s got to check on his wife. He disappears into the wagon and a split second later he jumps out the back and takes off down the road. And I mean like a bat out of hell he takes off. He was gone. Into the trees. Left Fitzsimmons and his wife behind for us to do who-knows-what to without a glance back.”
“What about Pool?”
“Oh, yeah. Him too. I swear, it was one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen.”
“That old liar.” She was smiling. She liked the story.
“You could say that.”
“Funny that he would put his spin on it,” she said, sipping her iced tea. “And where were you? You said I was pretty close when I had the sign placed there?”
“You were about three feet away. We arrived back in the present and your sign was literally right there. You nailed it.”
“What time of day was it? Probably duskish?”
“Maybe a little earlier than that. Six p.m.? You’d have to ask Dexter that one; he had it pinpointed exactly, of course. Wilton had said something in his diary about being a mile or so from where he wanted to camp, which is why he didn’t want to waste time going around the pass.” He leaned over to Dexter and tugged on his shirt sleeve. “What time did we do the Wilton job?”
He’d confused him. “Huh?”
“What time? What time of day?”
“Oh. About six-thirty.” He went back to his conversation with Emeka and Abby.
“Okay, about six-thirty.” He pointed to his glass. “Sorry, I’ve had four of these. My attention to detail is suffering.”
“And what’d you do?” she asked, continuing. “Just waited in the forest for him to come? How long did you wait?”
He shook his head. “Couldn’t have been more than an hour. Yeah, we were in the trees about thirty yards off the path. We hid until we could hear the clip-clop of the horses.”
She took another sip from her glass. “It sounds fascinating. I can’t imagine the thrill I’d have had being there.”
“There are always more trips available,” he said, immediately wondering why he’d said it, knowing how she felt about it.
“Jeff, I...”
He held up his hand. “I know. I know. Let’s see what’s in the back of that U-Haul and we can assess where we stand. Does that work?”
“Not exactly.”
“Unfortunately, it’s the best I can do.”
She nodded slowly. “I know.” She drank down the rest of her iced tea and set it on the bar, then motioned for the bartender, who started in their direction. “You guys deserve to celebrate, but I keep thinking about that flight home. I’m going to get back to the hotel.” The bartender reached them and she asked him to call a cab for her.
“Are you sure?” Jeff said, not wanting her to leave. “You earned a night out.”
“I had a beautiful night out in New York,” she said. “One I’ll never forget.”
Well, that was good, at least.
Erica stood and said goodbye to everyone while he waited by the door for her. There seemed to be a lot of camaraderie in the room. He thought maybe that might keep her involved, even if he couldn’t accomplish it himself. During a series of hugs and well-wishes, he noticed that she whispered something in Dexter’s ear. When she was done, Jeff walked her outside to wait for her taxi.
“I can take you back to the hotel,” he said.
She laughed. “No you can’t. And I already told the bartender to get you a cab when you’re ready, too.”
He couldn’t help but laugh at that. “Sounds about right. What did you say to Dexter?”
“Pretty observant,” she said. “I just told him that if there was anything I could do to help him, I would.”
“That was nice of you.”
There was a light drizzle in the air, which gave him a chill. He knew the mist on his face right then would be something he’d always remember. They waited a few minutes in silence. Though there was plenty he wanted to say, most of which was related to pleading with her not to go, he knew that there was really only one thing he could say that could get her to stay. He just couldn’t bring himself to say it.
Finally, though, as a black-and-white cab pulled into the parking lot, he broke the silence. “Will I see you again?”
She looked up at him and shrugged her shoulders. He couldn’t read if it was out of indecision or hope. “Jeff, if we’ve proven anything through all of this, it’s that we have control over more than we think. That’s all I’ll say.”
The cab pulled up next to them, and Jeff leaned down to open the door for her. When he stood, she grabbed him by the face and gave him a long, soft kiss on his left cheek. Without a word, she got into the cab, purposefully not looking at him as she settled herself, and a moment later it disappeared down the street.
Jeff stood there for a few moments staring after her, not knowing or trusting that he’d ever have the opportunity to see her again. At least not with the same connection they’d established over the last 72 hours. Not that he wouldn’t try. “Forgetting” to get the time device back from her was really an act of male desperation. He’d concocted the plan after she’d asked him for the private flight home, where she could actually carry the device with her. And since she couldn’t exactly then ship him the device back, they would have to connect. His worry was that she wouldn’t be thrilled to see him.
He turned and went back into the bar. It was still a night of celebration, but for some reason Jeff couldn’t recapture the excitement he’d felt earlier in the night.

CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE

Erica started to hoist her carry-on suitcase up the stairs onto the plane, but the flight attendant stopped her. He took it from her and let her know that he’d take care of getting it onto the plane for her. She grimaced. Could she have possibly looked more like a private jet amateur?
She climbed aboard the plane and settled into the first seat she saw and set her shoulder bag on the table, though she was the only passenger for the flight. She immediately put on her seat belt as she’d always been instructed to do and took a look around. A flat screen television was mounted on the cabin’s wall to her left, the table in front of her was equipped with outlets for her laptop and behind her, past four reclining seats and a sofa, was a minibar. The seat was like none other she’d ever experienced in flight – and she’d been on a lot of flights – soft and immediately contoured to her back and rear end. She determined that during the flight she would have to try out all of the different seats.
She also determined that she’d been missing out her whole life. Surely her show’s producers could’ve been flying her privately.
As promised, Jeff had set her up nicely. The Town Car from the hotel was a very comfortable half-hour ride. She’d chatted with the driver about living in the metropolitan area and found out that he’d arrived from Trinidad only about three years before. His brother owned the limo company and had given him a job. And he was more than happy to be there. New York – the capital of the world, as he’d described it to her. She almost felt like telling him about all the new buildings that would be going up in the next seven years, but held back.
When they’d arrived at the airport, she couldn’t believe the ease of getting to and onto the plane. She’d read an article once about many businesses actually using private jet service more and more often to get their people around. It had never made sense to her from a cost perspective until she actually experienced it – the amount of time wasted at the airport, delays, missed connections. They all added up. There was zero hassle to this trip for her.
Of course, she’d estimated the whole trip was costing Jeff upwards of twenty grand. She’d Googled it from her hotel room. But what did it matter? He had a truckful of cash. Might as well spend it while he had it.
Adding to her awe about the ease of travel, within five minutes of her buckling herself in, the attendant had brought her bag on board, they’d done a pre-flight check and were airborne. The ride was immediately smooth and as soon as they reached a cruising altitude, she was served a wonderful ham-and-cheese omelet with hash browned potatoes and buttered toast (though she hadn’t seen a kitchen). At her request, the attendant brought her a chai tea, and she sat, ate, and reflected on her trip.
She’d been through so much over the last couple of days. She and Jeff together. It seemed like they’d shared a lifetime with the journey they’d been on. In a way, it felt crass of her to just get on a plane when she had no tangible excuse for leaving so abruptly. There was no filming scheduled. No urgent classes calling her back to campus. No boyfriend. Just home.
And one last mission.
In between bites of gooey cheese dripping between scrambled egg layers, she leaned over and unzipped the top of her bag. From it, she pulled Jeff’s time travel device. She’d successfully gotten it away from him.
She’d been worried at the bar the night before that he’d remember she still had it and that he needed to get it back from her. That her planning was going to be for naught. Or, best case scenario, that she’d have to find a more creative way to get it from him. Had he remembered while they were at the lab and had they retrieved it from her hotel room and locked it up, it would have been over. But with the distraction of the bags of money, the celebration, and a little too much alcohol the night before, her gambit was a success. She now had in her possession everything she needed to make things right.
His agreeing to send her on a private flight was also key – she couldn’t imagine she could’ve ever gotten a mysterious device featuring a nuclear-powered battery through airport security. The pieces had all fallen into place for her.
Of course, he’d come looking for it. The device she held in her hands was his life. She just didn’t know the reaction he’d have upon finding it missing. Likely he’d be pretty upset. But she was certain that she could have everything taken care of before he reached her.
She thought about the “other” part of their relationship – the one beyond them becoming action heroes for a day. The feelings he seemed to want to admit to her at any given moment that she’d never reciprocated. She’d been planning far too long during their travels, and any feelings that she might have had for him she’d quelled because they were pointless. There were moments, sure, when he was charming, and she thought he was handsome, especially for a lab geek – though, who did she really expect an academic like herself would be attracted to? There were even moments where she considered that she could imagine spending a life with him.
But, like a dutiful wife who no longer feels she can support her drug-addicted husband, she couldn’t look past his insistence on playing with time travel fire. What he was trying to accomplish – what he was refusing to give up – was far too dangerous. When they’d first met and his stories were nothing more than theories to her, it was easy enough for her to come along for the ride. But since she’d experienced it herself, there was no way she could continue to be a part of all of it, or even allow it to continue unchecked. In fact, not only could she not be a part of it or ignore it, but she’d determined to stop him altogether.
She’d meant what she said to Dexter – that she would do anything she could to fix things for him. Dexter was not aware, of course, that she’d been plotting her “fix” of everything that had happened since they’d left his home in the “new” present. Her research into his life in the future was merely gravy for her purposes.
From a very skewed point-of-view, she was really taking the bull by the horns for Jeff in regards to his next experiment: was it possible to restore a history amended back to its original version? Of course, she would never know the answer, but she would take comfort that she tried.
The attendant came back and collected her empty plates. He asked if she needed anything more.
“Actually, yes,” she said. “I wonder if it’s possible for the pilot to land me at Sacramento International instead of San Francisco. I have business there.”
The man smiled. “That shouldn’t be a problem, Ma’am.”
After he left to announce the change in plans, she put the time device back into her suitcase and rather than turn on her laptop she decided she’d sample the sofa.
She lay down and let her mind wander to what it would be like to meet her ancestor, Lucius Fitzsimmons. A few moments later, she was in a deep sleep.

CHAPTER FIFTY-TWO

Jeff had the shades on his bedroom window drawn tight following his night out, so he was surprised when he looked at his cell phone on his nightstand and saw it was after 11 a.m.
The time didn’t matter – he hadn’t slept a minute all night. Erica’s departure had taken a toll on him. He’d only stayed at the bar another half-hour after she’d left, then he and Dexter had gone back to his place. He’d set his friend up in the guest bedroom and, without conversation, retired to his own room, where he lay the rest of the night staring at the ceiling and thinking about the fork in the road at which he’d arrived.
In one direction lay a future in which he was in complete control, able to continue his experiments with a probably hazardous, but equally beneficial, ability to keep nearly everyone else on the planet in the dark about time travel. In the other, he would hand his technology over to people he didn’t trust to do the right thing with it, but it could possibly land him the woman he’d confirmed overnight that he’d fallen in love with. But even then he questioned himself. If he was truly in love with her – like the fate kind of love you always heard about and hoped for – then why would any of it even be a question in his mind? It was probably a romanticized view of love that he clung to, but he also had never had the opportunity to experience it. As the night went on, he started to come to the determination that some things just mattered more than others.
If the key to Erica’s heart was him doing what she perceived as the right thing, then he would have to choose. And he found that, as he lay in the dark pondering and emotionalizing, his priorities were changing.
And then he’d scold himself. This wasn’t him. He was pragmatic. He was a planner. He followed an agenda. Engaging in a major change of his life’s direction because he was sad that his girlfriend was flying back to California was ludicrous. She wasn’t even his girlfriend, which made it all more absurd. Several times during the night, he physically stopped his mind from spinning, took deep breaths to control his pounding heart, and regrouped. It hadn’t helped him to sleep, and while he wanted nothing more than to blame his mental struggles on alcohol, he simply couldn’t do it. Everything plaguing his mind had been building for some time.
A few hours earlier, he’d come up with a plan. He would call Erica when she got off the plane and tell her that he wanted to talk. Easy. Be honest with her. He had qualms about giving up on his work, but she meant a lot to him. Put the ball in her court and see how she reacted to his openness to considering all sides. An hour later, of course, he’d reminded himself that she was staunch in her requirements. A soft approach was not going to work with her. Because, in the end, what was she going to say? Go ahead, Jeff, you do whatever you want and I’ll be here waiting for you?
After another hour, he was back to where he’d started. Thinking that nothing substantial was going to happen immediately to make a difference. It was important that he played it cool, took a couple of days to figure out what was going on, get back into his life now that the craziness of their last mission was over, and then he’d reach out to her when he knew where his head was.
Fifteen minutes later, he hated himself for that response. Either this woman was going to mean something to him or she wasn’t. He determined that she was. However, the decision didn’t make him jump out of bed and start making phone calls. He understood that she needed to go back to California and that it would be important to her to do so. She was as pragmatic as he was, so showing up at her hotel room door with an emotional change of heart wasn’t something that would speak to her. He would let her play out her agenda and then contact her casually to ask for the device back. If she didn’t contact him first. At one point, he noted from his nightstand clock that she would have taken off.
A short while later, lying there and still staring at the ceiling in the dark, he realized that this approach wasn’t good enough either. He hopped out of bed, ripped open the shades to let the sunlight pour in, and quickly changed his clothes. After a quick brush of his teeth and tossing on a Yankees cap to manage his wild hair, he darted out of the bedroom and down the stairs, where he found Dexter sitting on the sofa with his feet up on the coffee table, working on his laptop.
“What’s going on?” Dexter asked, looking up.
“I’ve gotta go.”
“Where?”
“San Francisco. I’ve gotta tell her that I’m going to turn my work in.”
“To who?” Dexter set the computer on the table and sat up. “The government?”
“It’s what she wants me to do,” he said. “I love her.”
Dexter laughed. “Okay, we all know that. But isn’t that a pretty big step?”
“Which part?”
“All of it. Don’t you want to take a minute to think about it before acting irrationally?”
He thought about what Dexter said, and for the first time all night felt as though he wasn’t acting irrationally. He shook his head and smiled a boyish grin.
To which Dexter shook his own head. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned it’s that I am unable to stop you from doing anything,” he said. “But I will say this. There are repercussions to everything you do. I’m an example of that. You go down this path, it might not end well.”
“She’s worth it,” Jeff said simply, and hurried into the kitchen to get his keys. When he returned, he stopped for a moment. “Why are you still here? I figured you’d be well on your way back to Philly by now.”
Dexter had returned to his screen. “I’m taking a little time to learn about myself here. I have to tell you, Jeff, what the other me saw in that woman I don’t know. I can’t abide being there.”
“Wow.” His mind was already in California, and Dexter’s suffering was going to add a whole new level of guilt that he couldn’t handle right now.
“Just so you know,” his friend continued, “I’m supporting you because I’m your friend. But if you end your time program to get this girl, and you get to California and it wasn’t what you imagined – and I’m stuck in this new life – I may kill you.”
“Fair enough,” Jeff said, waiting a moment for a follow-up laugh that didn’t come, then he headed quickly out the door to his car. He had no intent on running out on his friend, but he had bigger priorities at the moment. Before driving away, he texted Erica to call him when she landed.

CHAPTER FIFTY-THREE

Erica deplaned in Sacramento, thanked the pilot and flight attendant for a wonderful flight, and headed across the runway to the terminal. Once inside, she made her way to four different rental car counters before she found a Mini Cooper, a car she’d always wanted to drive. She gave them the necessary paperwork and a few minutes later was headed East on I-80. It was a drive she’d taken many times before, but never with the freedom she was experiencing on this particular trip.
On the way, she made a familiar turn off of the highway and into the parking lot of the Gold Rush Museum. She spent a quick fifteen minutes catching up with some friends she hadn’t seen in a while and carefully flipped through the Wilton diary one more time. She laughed to herself when she read the account of Wilton’s bravado, now knowing the truth of what had happened. Then she bid goodbye to the museum staff and was back on the road, headed for the site of the historic marker she’d lobbied so hard to establish.

CHAPTER FIFTY-FOUR

At the Newark Airport, Jeff had almost leapt for joy when he was told that there was a seat available on the 1:15 p.m. flight direct to San Francisco. He paid for the ticket by credit card and crawled through a security line before camping at the gate about 45 minutes before his flight was to take off. Too excited by the spontaneity of his newest mission, he realized he hadn’t eaten anything and would likely starve on a six-hour flight, so he grabbed a turkey wrap from one of the concession stands that he could take with him on the plane.
He checked his phone. He was a little unnerved that Erica, who should’ve landed by then, hadn’t answered his text. The message had been nondescript, and being so, he had to imagine that her knowledge of his intentions when she left wouldn’t necessarily mean she’d jump at a chance to talk to him. But he needed her to know that he was a changed man. And in his mind what he was doing was pretty romantic – hopping on a flight across the country. Even for the unlikely couple of a lab rat and history geek.
Again, he texted her, but ten minutes later he’d still received no response. Finally, as they began to announce the pre-board information for his flight, he walked away from the gate, looked up the number to the private jet service on his phone and called. They answered and he inquired about the flight he’d chartered leaving from Teterboro that morning - just wanting to make sure it had made it safely to San Francisco.
He heard typing on the other end of the line, then the operator said, “Well, Dr. Jacobs, I see that the flight landed safely. However, it appears that it was diverted to Sacramento.”
“Diverted?” he asked. “Any idea why?”
“My notes say it was at the request of the passenger, but there are no details. I’m sorry, sir.”
“At the request of-”
Jeff dropped his phone to the ground, where it bounced along the carpet. He could barely hear the operator calling after him, “Sir? Dr. Jacobs? Are you there?”
Jeff’s mind crashed the way an overloaded hard drive would – and like its computer counterpart, his body froze. Every memory advanced on him at once. Erica’s probing about Wilton. Her insistence on learning how to use the time device independently. Her willingness to get close to him, but never too close. Her overwhelming concern about Dexter and her promise to him that she would do what she could to fix things. It was too confusing and muddled an array of thoughts, and he put his head in his hands to cope with it.
She was headed to Wilton Pass to go back to 1849 and put things back the way they were in the original history that he’d skewed with his selfish experiments. She’d played him like a fiddle to get everything she needed to make it happen and he’d gone right along with it. Everything that had happened mattered for nothing. She was 3,000 miles away and there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it.
The airline rep at the desk called for seating for his flight to begin, but he didn’t budge. He couldn’t move. It was worthless. If she was successful, she would change history and most likely he would never be sitting in this airport waiting to board this flight. There was no way of telling what would happen, which left him in a vacuum of indecision. How do you sit and wait for history to change around you? What action can you take to prepare yourself?
The strangest thing was that he wasn’t angry with her. He, for the first time since they’d met, could see her point-of-view. She’d been incensed with him for announcing that it was his experiment that had ensured her existence, and she’d been right to have felt that way. This was her retribution. And she deserved it.
At the very least, though, he felt as though he wanted her to know that he was aware of what was happening. For whatever purpose.
He picked his phone up off of the ground to see that the call to the booking agency had been cut off from the other end. He opened a text window to write her a message, then paused for a moment, looking at all of the activity taking place around him. None of these people had any idea the game that was being played around them, and none of them ever would.
He hit “Send” on the phone, then picked up his bag, turned, and walked away from the gate down the long hallway of the terminal.

CHAPTER FIFTY-FIVE

Erica pulled the Mini to the side of the road across the street from her sign – the one that she’d fought so long and hard to get. In a way, it was a perfect end to her story. Her very existence had everything to do with that sign. They went hand-in-hand, and neither made any sense without the other. She pulled a quick U-turn and parked on the westbound side of the road next to the sign, then got out of the car and took a moment to reflect. She took a deep breath and read the sign top to bottom:

“Wilton Pass - 1849: On this site, pioneer Joe Wilton and his party were ambushed by bandits in one of the largest heists in California history. Over $1 million in gold bricks was stolen.”

Laughing to herself, she thought of the trial it was to get even that many words engraved in bronze letters on the sign. It really minimized the importance of the story – the historical version of it, at least, much less the family history that led from Jeff and his crew stealing Wilton’s gold to her standing here this very moment. How big would that sign had to have been, to tell the whole story?
She wondered if Jeff was on to her scheme yet, and how he would react to it. In many ways, it really didn’t matter because the history she was attempting to create would in theory change the world around him. He would never know that she’d existed. She thought of the old saying, “Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.” Which didn’t really fit. If, indeed, Jeff’s feelings for her were what he would call love, he would’ve loved and lost, but he would know nothing about it.
It astonished her that that kind of thinking wasn’t causing her to waver, and that she really was strong enough to put practicality and pragmatism over emotion. Not that she felt that she loved Jeff – she knew that the connection between them was largely derived from their adventures together, and not some deeper magnetism. But a part of her did feel bad that he was having the carpet pulled out from underneath him.
In the end, though, she hoped that what she was doing would not only put things back to right, but would force him to be more cautious about the dangers of manipulating history. At one point, she’d thought that with possession of the time device, she could simply destroy it. But a person as driven as Jeff was would simply re-do his work so that he could continue. It wasn’t an option with lasting effect. It was her intent to make their first job, the Wilton job, unattractive enough to halt their entire operation.
Also, it did occur to her while driving that if there was indeed such a thing as fate, and fate had a different plan for her, it would manifest itself. She’d determined she was okay with whatever happened because her conscience would be settled.
She reached into the Mini and pulled out her bag. She unzipped the top and took out the time device, as well as a bed sheet that she’d pilfered from the hotel in New Jersey, which she tucked under her arm. She closed the car door and took her position next to her sign. Meticulously, she punched in the coordinates she’d memorized that would take her back to 1849 – the ones Abby had shown her – thirty minutes before Jeff and his team would arrive. Once they were entered, she double-checked them for typos – with only one trip left in the battery, she couldn’t afford to end up a couple of decades off – and readied the device. She looked up into the trees, a soft breeze tugging on the leaves silhouetted on a crystal clear blue sky, and said a silent goodbye to the present time.
Just as she started to depress the button on the time device, her cell phone vibrated in her pocket – a text message. It gave her a slight pause, but her thumb continued its downward pressure and suddenly the trees blurred before her eyes and disappeared for a moment. They reappeared a split second later, familiar, but smaller. The sun was just beginning to descend, an orange light brimming the tree tops lining this narrow, secluded, vulnerable path. She could see immediately why Wilton was nervous about passing through it, and how easy it would’ve been for Jeff and his team to overtake them.
Then it struck her. She’d just jumped to 1849 with no way of getting back. Without enough juice in the device’s battery pack, it was now useless. For a moment, she couldn’t breathe, and it was only a cool gust of wind sending a shiver down her spine that brought her back to conscious thought.
Her mind returned to her mission. First off, it was imperative that she got away from her landing site. If she wasn’t successful in exactly a half-hour, Jeff and his team would be appearing in that very spot. Potentially, it was a way out for her – she could always hitch a ride back to the present with them – though the Jeff that would be showing up would have no idea who she was, or why she was standing there holding the time travel device that he’d invented. The awkwardness of such an interaction was minimized by her assumption that if that happened it would probably destroy the entire universe. Or something equally as bad which she didn’t currently have time to deduce. In any case, it would also defeat the purpose of her even being here.
With that thought in mind, she tucked the time device into her coat pocket and quickly unfurled the sheet, which she then draped around her neck like a long cape. She started east on the trail along Wilton Pass. Based upon everything she knew, she expected to intercept Wilton’s wagon within about fifteen minutes.
After walking what she figured to be about a quarter of a mile, she noticed a small crevasse in the rocks to her right and decided it would be a perfect place to hide. Springing herself out on an already nervous Wilton would add to the effect she was going for. She ducked into the cleft and crouched, listening for the clip-clop of horses’ hooves.
Waiting, she took in her surroundings. Had she not just seen these trees at full growth and pavement under her feet, there would be no way of knowing that she was in the past. As far as she could tell, she was in the Sierra Nevadas in the present time. It wouldn’t be until she saw Wilton and his team traveling by stage that there would be any sign of a different time.
The correlation with her present time caused her to remember that her phone had buzzed just before she traveled. She pulled the phone from her pocket and saw that she’d received three text messages. Not that she could’ve done anything about them, she touched the screen to open the first one.
It was from Jeff. A quick one. “Call me when you land.” He’d probably realized once the alcohol had worn off that he’d never collected the device from her. Too late now. She slid her finger across the screen to bring up the second. “Just checking to make sure you got home safely.” She had, yes. It had been a very nice flight.
Then the third, also from Jeff: “I know what you’re doing and I understand. I hope to see you again in the future.”
Her heart leapt, shaking in her chest. He understood? She leaned against a tree, letting questions jumble through her mind atop one another. What did he understand? That she was going back to fix things because he wouldn’t? That she was doing it for his own good? For Dexter’s good? For the good of everyone? She found it curious that he claimed to understand, but didn’t follow up with what he planned to do about it. If anything. Or was he saying in his own subtle way that she was right?
Unfortunately, those were questions she could no longer answer. If she could’ve texted back, the first message that came to her mind for him to know was that what she was doing didn’t require his understanding. It seemed too cold as a response for the simplicity of his last text, but not knowing left it the only option.
In fact, she decided that as a therapeutic exercise, she’d type it out anyway. While her phone searched for service in the satellite-free sky, she started running her fingers across the screen.
She got two words in when she heard it – the slow gait of a horse with the grinding of wooden wheels on the rocky mountain floor. She peeked around the corner of the rock that secluded her and saw a wagon coming toward her, a hundred yards away, led by two horses and steered by her great-great-great-great grandfather, Lucius Fitzsimmons. Even at a distance, he looked exactly as she’d expected – thin frame, baggy blue denim trousers with a gray button-down shirt, and a cravat around his neck. With his straw hat, he exemplified the gold rusher.
With a deep breath, she stood. They were getting closer and there was no opportunity for hesitation. She pulled the time device from her pocket, held it for a moment, then tossed it into the trees. She did the same with her phone, then readied to meet Wilton. She smiled to herself when the thought occurred to her that she might not have had the courage to just walk out there and do this had she not the day before leapt onto an armored car in the middle of Times Square. Despite her expected outcome, this was cake compared to that.
The wagon was nearly in sight, so she stepped out from the rocks and into the middle of the path. She could feel the sheet waving in the breeze behind her as she walked, and as ridiculous as she probably looked, from what she knew of Joe Wilton, it was exactly what he needed to see.
Incidentally, it was exactly what Dexter needed to see, as well.
Fitzsimmons pulled on the reins and the horses halted ten feet from her. She stood for a moment in silence, looking at Fitzsimmons’ face, trying to determine if there was any family resemblance she could cling to. Six generations and, maybe, she could see her eyes in his. But she could never have captured the innate wilderness wariness that he wore. Not in the halls of academia, at least.
A head popped out of the covered portion of the wagon, and she immediately recognized it from the photo in the Gold Rush Museum: Joe Wilton. “Why’d we stop?” he asked. His voice was deeper than she imagined, though she’d nailed the Virginia accent.
“Not sure, Mr. Wilton,” Fitzsimmons said. “Maybe you can ask this young lady.”
Erica took a few steps forward, the cape continuing to blow around her. She stopped as dramatically as possible and put her left hand on the closest horse, looking down so as not to make eye contact with them. It was over the top, but the show was not meant for them.
“This is a dangerous forest,” she said, pointing with her right hand down Wilton Pass. “You must protect your gold.”
“What gold?” Wilton asked.
“Mr. Wilton, this is not the time to play coy. You’re being watched.”
“Who are you?” There was trepidation in his voice.
“A friend,” she said, immediately feeling like she sounded too much like Superman. “I am only here to help you.”
Wilton was silent for a moment, so she looked up at the two men. He was thinking. Fitzsimmons was simply looking straight ahead, awaiting instructions. Finally, Wilton asked, “What are you, an angel or something?”
“You might say that,” she said. “A guardian angel.” She almost laughed out loud, thinking to herself that it should send a chill right down Dexter’s spine.
Wilton gave an exaggerated nod. “Well, what do I do?” he asked.
“Two miles ahead there’s an alcove in the trees,” she said. According to Jeff’s telling of the original Wilton story, he would have found it anyway. “You’ll be safe there.” Of course, he wouldn’t actually be safe there, but history would.
Wilton looked up at Fitzsimmons. “You heard the little lady,” he said, then leaned inside. “We’re pushing on a little further and then we’ll call it a night.”
While he was distracted, Erica slowly slipped away toward the back of the wagon, quietly patting Fitzsimmons on the knee as she passed. She could hear muffled conversation coming from inside the wagon, and looked back to see her ancestor peering back at her from his perch as she walked away, the hotel bed sheet flowing behind her.
A moment later, the sheet fell softly to the ground.

CHAPTER FIFTY-SIX

September 16, 2015

Jeff bounded down the front stairs of Dexter’s house, leaving his friend standing in his doorway, then turned and looked at his watch. “C’mon. I’ve got to be in Queens in an hour. We don’t know what the traffic will be like.”
“I really wish you wouldn’t do this,” Dexter said. “I fall for it every time. This has absolutely nothing to do with me.”
“I don’t know – I feel like I do a better job when you’re there. You don’t want me to screw this up, do you?”
His friend stood staring at him, most likely waiting for Jeff to tell him he was going to let him off the hook. Which, of course, wasn’t going to happen. They were so close on the time travel front, and it was important to him to clear his head before the meeting. While the government folks were by no means scientists who could deduce exactly what they were on the precipice of accomplishing, they were paying attention, and would certainly pounce on any slip-ups he might make. Dexter being there helped him get the slip-ups out before the meeting started.
Of course, Jeff could have been more up-front with his friend instead of enticing him with the promise of a nice dinner and a relaxing night out. With the nature of their project, and with Jeff having to accept sometimes that Dexter actually had another job, time to just hang out was a luxury they didn’t have. So it was an attractive offer. On the drive over, Jeff had remembered the first time they’d had a meal together – the day he’d invited Dexter to lunch to try to recruit him to his team. Some sidewalk café in Manhattan. Dexter had walked away in the middle of the conversation and Jeff had to chase him down. Here they were now, Dexter once again trying to get Jeff to leave him alone.
These sessions were annoying, certainly. But he could understand their purpose. As a taxpayer, he was pleased that the government wasn’t just spending his hard-earned tax dollars frivolously. But things would be a lot easier if he didn’t have to deal with the extreme oversight they put on the grant funding surrounding his research.
“You coming?”
Dexter sighed deeply, frustrated. “Let me get my coat.”
He retreated inside then a moment later emerged putting his arm into a windbreaker. It was chilly – unseasonably for September, a cold front moving through North Jersey. “It’s a lot warmer in the Sierra Nevadas,” Jeff said, poking at him.
“Only at the right time of year,” Dexter said, walking down the stairs. “Ask the Donners.”
“I will if you let me.”
They hopped into Jeff’s waiting car parked in the street. A minute later, they were on Route 4 following signs to the George Washington Bridge.
Jeff waited several minutes before he got into the conversation. “So what are you thinking today?”
“About what?”
“About Joe Wilton?”
“Did you bring me because you need me for the meeting, or to harass me about that?”
“Well, it’s hardly harassing,” Jeff said. “I just want to know if you’ve had a change of heart at all.”
“We’ve talked about this,” Dexter said, instinctively rolling down his window to get some air. Too cool of a breeze filled the car almost immediately. “I don’t like the circumstances. Looking at the way people pass down history, you never know when someone’s really genuinely crazy. When this guy writes in his diary that an angel comes out of nowhere and tells him where to camp, I chalk it up as him having a screw loose. I’m not hurling myself into a situation like that.”
“But maybe it actually happened. Joseph Smith saw an angel and started a whole religion from it.” Jeff veered around a black SUV that was going 55 in the fast lane. Death wish.
“Well, then this was the worst angel of all time because she told him to camp right where the ambush happened. She got half of Wilton’s team killed, but this idiot writes in his journal that she was his guardian angel. The reality is that it was probably someone working for Dan Carmichael who pulled the wool over old Joe Wilton’s eyes. Believe me, Jeff, a Wild West gunfight is not what I want to drop into.”
“But we know the exact time and place-”
Dexter held up his hand, interrupting him. “We know the exact time and place that a crazy person said an angel came down from heaven to tell him where to camp for the night. A crazy person. If you want my opinion – which clearly you don’t – your first experiment should be Howard Miles.”
“Sixty-two bricks of gold, man. Over two and a half million dollars.”
“Yeah, and let’s get somebody killed trying to get it. I don’t support the idea. Don’t do this to me.” He sighed. “I should never have even mentioned Wilton to you.”
Jeff grinned at him. “Probably. But something made you do it.” Dexter ended the conversation with a dismissive wave.
They drove in silence for a short while. Midday traffic actually wasn’t all that bad, and they were to the George Washington Bridge fairly quickly. They crossed and entered Manhattan.
“I don’t understand why they don’t meet at your lab,” Dexter said, breaking the silence. “You would think they’d get a better picture of what’s going on.”
“Well, I’m not going to bring it up if they don’t.” Jeff had often considered how silly it was that they insisted on meeting at the Queens office of Congresswoman Rosa Rivera. He figured they just had everyone who’d received grants show up on one day quarterly to make a report, and that satisfied their requirements for oversight. It was a lot of work putting the report together, but compared to them dropping by his shop for a look-see, it was preferable.
“Ultimately they’re going to want to see what you’re up to. You have to imagine at some point they’ll want to see your work in action.”
Jeff nodded. “Yeah, I was thinking that. This might be the last one I can skate by. I have to show some progress, so I’m going to throw them a bone.”
“The hydrogen molecule?”
“Yep. It’s small, but it’s a big breakthrough.”
“Well, yeah.”
Jeff laughed. “Imagine what I could accomplish if I wasn’t spending most of my time on my side project.”
“Imagine,” Dexter said.
They were through Manhattan, through the Bronx, and crossing into Queens now on the RFK Bridge. Jeff pulled off of the highway and into the neighborhood where the Congresswoman’s district office was.
“What do you do to protect yourself if they do decide to just drop by unannounced?”
“Who? The government guys? Oh, everything’s locked up tight. The time travel device is stowed away under lock-and-key, completely separate of all of the other experiments. Even if they stumbled on the device, there would be nothing that would lead them to believe anything was awry. The data’s all locked up in another place.”
“Hard to believe the government couldn’t find something it wanted to.”
“Yeah, well, it has to want to.”
Normally there were no parking spots and he ended up blocks away, but today Jeff pulled into the small parking lot near the renovated storefront. A brass sign hung on a brick wall reading Congresswoman Rosa Rivera District Office. He parked next to two black sedans with tinted windows. “Interesting,” he said, then got out and retrieved two large binders from the trunk.
“What do you suppose those are here for?” Dexter said.
The other half of the building opposite the Congresswoman’s office was a Jamba Juice. Jeff peered around the corner and into the window, but didn’t see anyone inside, so he walked into the office.
They were greeted by two men in dark suits – stereotypical federal agents, who without a word led them to the conference room where Jeff had given a half-dozen presentations. Typically, two or three administration reps were present, but this time there were only agents.
“Is something wrong?” Jeff asked, genuinely confused. He laid his binders on the table and sat in one of the soft conference room chairs.
One of the men sitting across the table from him leaned forward. It was hard for Jeff to distinguish between them – they all looked exactly the same, with trim close cut dark brown hair, no facial hair and piercing eyes. Except for the one in the corner, who was shorter with big ears. “Dr. Jacobs,” the man said, “I’m Agent Fisher. This is Agent Witkowski. Behind you is Agent Figueroa and behind me is Agent Trent. Do you know why we’re here?”
“I’m afraid I don’t,” Jeff said, his mind calculating what misstep he could’ve made somewhere along the line. “I’m here to give my quarterly report on the federal stimulus grant. Are the GSA folks not here?”
“No, they’re not,” Fisher said. “We’ll make sure they get your binder there.”
Jeff looked at Dexter, who’d taken a seat to the side against the wall. “In that case, is there something I can do for you?” He patted the binder. “Everything you need is in here.”
“We’re more interested in your other project. Can you tell us a little bit about that?”
“My other project?” There really was no way-
Fisher nodded.
“Again, I’m afraid I’m not sure what you’re talking about,” Jeff said. He opened the top binder. “Really, if you take a look at my research here-”
Fisher closed the binder on his fingers. “We don’t need to see your research. I’m sure it’s very well done.” While maintaining eye contact, he reached beneath the conference table, leaning to his right. Jeff heard the rustling of something – maybe he was digging in a bag – and then Fisher’s arm reappeared.
He placed Jeff’s time travel device on the table in front of him.
Jeff stared at it wide-eyed, wanting to look at Dexter, but not wanting to give anything away by doing so. Though they probably already had everything they needed. While a multitude of different excuses were going through his mind, he had no idea what to say.
The important thing, he reminded himself, was that he hadn’t really done anything with it. A couple of experiments. He’d watched a ballgame. He took Abby to Woodstock. Their beef with him could really only be that he spent the government’s money on something other than what he’d told them – but in the end he believed his breakthrough was earth-shattering enough that he could win the day.
Still, there was something strange about the device they had. It looked old, the casing tarnished to a graying rust color. He’d held the device in his hand just that morning - there was no way it could look worn the way it did unless they’d really abused it since finding it. Maybe they’d already run tests?
Finally, he had to say something, so he figured he’d just come out with it. “You were in my lab,” he said.
Fisher shook his head. “We were not.”
Now he did take a split second to look at Dexter, and immediately wished he hadn’t, as his friend looked like he was going to vomit right there in the Congresswoman’s conference room. “You had to have been. Where else would you get that?”
“You tell me.”
“I am telling you – it was in a safe in my office. How you got in to the safe I have no idea.”
Now Fisher stood up, playing with the device in his hands. “No, Dr. Jacobs. We found this device in the middle of the Sierra Nevada mountains.”
Another quick glance at Dexter, who was ghostly pale.
“That doesn’t make any sense. I’ve never been to the Sierra Nevadas, and that device has never been out of my reach.”
“We think you have,” said Agent Figueroa, walking around the table so Jeff could see him. Figueroa’s voice was exceptionally intimidating – half highway patrolman who just pulled you over for doing 75 in a 60, half mob boss. “You’re confirming this is your device?”
Jeff nodded. A part of him wanted to look down at the table guiltily, but the rest of him couldn’t take his eyes off of the device in Agent Fisher’s hand.
“Well, you’re not wrong. Your device is sitting back in your lab where you left it this morning,” Figueroa said.
“Then how did-”
“If we had to guess, it looks like you’ve discovered how to travel through time,” Fisher said. “Then, someone used the device you invented to go back in time – we have no idea how far – in California,” said Fisher. “But they never took the return trip. They left your device there. The fact that you have no recollection of it would lead us to believe this hasn’t happened yet. If, of course, you really do have one at your lab.”
“I can assure you I do,” Jeff said. “I had it in my hands this morning. Wait a minute – then there are two of these devices? Well then this is all wrong. I only made one. They’re expensive.”
“Well, this one doesn’t really work anymore,” Fisher said, placing it again on the table in front of him. “It’s been sitting in the mountains for what appears to be a very long time.”
“May I?” Jeff asked, motioning to the device. Fisher nodded, so he picked it up and inspected it. “How’d you find it?”
“We have satellites circling the planet at all times looking for traces of radiation,” Fisher said. “Obviously we’re looking for WMDs. But what we didn’t expect to see was a faint electromagnetic pulse coming from the middle of the forest in no man’s land. That was about three months ago.”
He set the device down on the table. “But how did you-”
“How did we trace it back to you? It was pretty easy – not too many people are using synthetic Neptunium for anything, which is what’s in your battery pack there. And so you know, there is radiation coming from this device, so you don’t want to keep it in your pants pocket if you know what I mean.” Fisher bent down and rummaged through the bag again. “You’re going to love this, too.”
When his hand emerged above the table again, he held a badly destroyed smart phone. “This was found about four feet from your time device.”
Jeff took it from him and examined it. It was rusted, cracked, and beaten up. “I can’t imagine you can pull anything from this, can you?”
“No,” Fisher said. “Winter in the Sierra Nevadas is tough. The data card is useless. What we might be able to find out is how long it’s been there.”
“Well, I’ll be curious to know,” he said, sliding it back across the table. He shook his head. “I am absolutely dumbfounded. And I’ll come totally clean with you if it’ll help. Yes, I have created a device that will allow time travel. I’ve used it for a handful of experiments, but never anything as ambitious as going across the country. We were just getting started in exploring the possibilities.” Of course he knew what the reference to the Sierra Nevadas was, the Wilton scenario sitting secretly in Dexter’s journal of possible missions, but he wasn’t going to bring it up. Not unless he had a connection, which he couldn’t see. He looked up at Fisher. “So what happens now? Am I in trouble?”
“That depends.”
“On what?”
“If you’re willing to help us.” Fisher leaned forward on the table again, only less intimidatingly and more strategically.
Suddenly, Jeff realized he was no longer quivering in his seat. The tide had turned – they needed him. He found the confidence to look Fisher square in the eyes, then glanced past him at Dexter, who was now cautiously looking at him with one eyebrow raised. Jeff slowly scanned the room before turning his attention back to the agent across the table from him.
“What do you need me to do?”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Craig W. Turner has worked in government, politics, PR, media and economic development in Western New York for over 15 years. He is a graduate of the University of Buffalo, and is a two-time winner of the Buffalo News Short Story Contest. Craig lives in Wheatfield, New York (near Niagara Falls) with his wife, Nadine, and their four children. While it is an admitted fantasy of his, he has never, personally, traveled through time.

