
The Place of Execution


Copyright 2015 Donald Stark, pen name Bud Stark
Published by Donald Stark at Smashwords
Cover design by Laura Shinn of Shinn Designs


Table of Contents

Part One
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Part Two
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Part Three
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Part Four
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Part Five
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three



PART ONE

Chapter One

May Burke nestled the sleeping baby in the crook of her left arm and with her right hand stretched the flaps of a white, knitted cotton cap over his ears, first on one side then the other. She admired him a moment and snugged the blue blanket about him and kissed him on the mouth and laid him on the cream leather, his head almost against his mother’s right hip. "Keep him tight. Tonight’s as wet as East Texas.” She picked up a navy blue diaper bag with a white cinch cord and propped it upright on the floorboard against the transmission hump and the front seat. "Don’t let this fall over. They’s a fresh bottle in it."
Two miles southwest a pink halo glowed in the sky–the Mohawk Refinery was cracking heavy crude. Any breeze from there would stink like burning tires, but there was no breeze. The red tongue at the tip of the hundred foot standpipe licked indifferently at the night, and dew--as unlikely in a Bakersfield October as manna–soaked the office lawn.
Jodie thumbed over her shoulder at a car in her rear view mirror, “He’s seein’ me home.” Fifty yards back two myopic headlights astride the chrome bull’s eye of a nineteen-forty-nine Ford grill strained to make out what was happening.
May shut the Pontiac door and stood on the sidewalk beneath the street lights of the Northside Housing Project, a tall woman with prominent hips and bosom and thick, close cropped steel-gray hair. She was widowed in nineteen-forty-four.
“Thanks, Aunt May,” Jodie mouthed through the closed window. At forty-two, she would look like May. All of the women on her father’s side of the family had thick hair and full hips and breasts. Jodie was twenty-six.
She peeled the yellow wrapper off a stick of Juicy Fruit and slid it between her lips. It melted stale nicotine from her tongue and cleared from her nostrils the effervescence of a thousand beers she had drawn during a long evening shift as barmaid at The Roughneck Bar on Edison Highway going east out of Bakersfield. She wadded the wrapper and tinfoil and shoved it through the cinched top of the diaper bag, and slipped the gear lever to D, and the nineteen-sixty-three Pontiac, six months off the assembly line, pulled away from the curb. 
The Ford’s attempt to do the same sapped the lights and killed the engine. In its economy of labor the vehicle had enough energy to move itself or burn its lights, but hardly enough to do both at the same time. The starter gave two groans and the engine fired. The driver gunned it. Smoke boiled and the car moved.
May turned at her front door and watched the old convertible shimmy past. Its blue paint was washed into alluvial fans of gray primer on the hood and trunk. If it had a top it was down.
Jodie stopped when she saw the Ford lights go out. When they came on again she continued north on Schofield Drive three blocks, turned right and took Norris Road east across Oildale. In eighteen-ninety-nine this town, just over the Kern River from Bakersfield, was Northside, a small farming community. The population had doubled since then but it was still not much. That year James and Jonathan Elwood, father and son, dug a forty-five foot shaft near an oil seep east if town, and from the shaft augured by hand into four billion barrels of heavy crude, and Northside became Oildale.
The oil seeped from a formation in the Pliocene, an epoch that played for fourteen million years and closed out in a sheet of ice with the opening of the Pleistocene two million years ago, our predecessors in the previous convolution of God’s mystery. The Pleistocene also died, and out of the combined decay of these two epochs came liquid fire that impregnated the twentieth century.
The Ford in the rear view mirror stayed on Jodie’s tail. She turned south on Glade Street and crossed the tracks and it chattered into second gear and bounced across behind her, belching black smoke into the street light, its right headlight blinking like the Morse code of a marooned idiot.
"Following like a dog," she said and laughed.
Quick as a shell trick, between the Southern Pacific tracks and her driveway, the laugh stopped and terror took over. Sweat beaded over her top lip and drenched the back of her head beneath her ponytail and gathered in droplets in the fine curls at the nape of her long neck. What if her husband was home. Her white cotton collar was soaked and her tight, black pants moist throughout, her mouth as dry as an oven. She pulled her pasted palm from the steering wheel and flipped on the right turn signal and watched Skid in the rear view mirror pull the Ford off the road and into the dirt under the cottonwood in the front yard of the vacant house behind which sat hers and Lou’s white stucco cabin. She turned in on the other side of the yard from the cottonwood and her long headlights searched the driveway to its end--empty
She steered the Pontiac between the vacant house on the right and a six foot tall wall of unpainted cinder block on the left, and parked in front of a barricade of welded two-and-seven-eighths inch drill tubing that brought the driveway to an end and ended its being used as a shortcut across the vacant lot beyond.
Skid emerged from the shadow of the driveway and stood behind her in the interior light of the open car door as she lifted out the baby. Sand stuck to his dew soaked rawhide loafers. He wore no socks. No belt either for his Levi jeans. He wore a dark blue, half-sleeve sport shirt designed with gray seashells, tucked in at the waist.
"You didn’t tell me about the baby."
"I had more interesting things on my mind.” She held the baby in the crook of one arm and dangled the keys at Skid with her free hand. "Be a sweetie and get the diaper bag out of the floorboard and unlock the front door for me. And don’t worry about the baby; I’ve been told all my life that men have one thing on their mind. Don’t bend the cookie cutter." 
Skid took the keys. "Carry the baby for you?"
"Honey, I’d have you carry me--over the threshold--but I come with more baggage than you could possibly dream of."


Chapter Two


Jodie despised the blue suit. Despised the white shirt and black tie and the red rose stuck in the lapel. Not a speck of khaki, no smell of the lumber yard. Most of all she despised the black grained leather Bible held in place over his heart with a hand so pale that the hair on the backs of his fingers and along the side where the palm flesh began looked like black bristles growing out of paraffin.
“Out! Out! Out!”
The undertaker materialized on the far side of the casket, his pale face scowling at her from under a black cowboy hat. A bony finger pointed out of the sleeve of his black suit, and he croaked, “Out! Out! Out!” She turned to the long isle with the door at the end. It opened and daylight fell across the blond wood of the back mortuary pews.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Flakes of last night’s mascara fluttered in her long lashes and sunlight seared her eyeballs. She cocked a naked arm over them.
“Open up, Jodie! I’ll bust it down.”
She jerked upright and black hair fell over her white shoulders.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Beyond the cinder block wall a woman’s voice barked like a prison guard, “Cut the vulgarity. I got kids in this back yard. You want me to call the cops.”
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Rio de Janeiro’s Sugar Loaf Mountain, ensconced in black tin, jarred off its nail and crashed to the floor, scattering shards of glass over squares of black and white linoleum.
“Open this goddamned door or I’ll bust it down.”
Jodie tossed back the covers and searched the sheets for her panties. “I could’a sworn...” She scurried around the bed, knelt down and looked under it, her bare tits brushing the floor.
“Jodie! Open this goddamned door or I’m kickin’ it in.”
“I’m comin’, dammit, gimme a minute.” How can you lose a pair of panties in a one room shack? She threw on her robe and tied the belt and sprinted to the bathroom and searched the floor and checked the nail on the backside of the bathroom door.
“I’m bustin’ it down,” Lou bellowed. He kicked the bottom of the door.
“God dammit, Lou, you’ll bust the door down.”
“That’s a fact, woman.”
Jodie flung aside the shower curtain. The door took a whack that sounded like the wall coming in.
“God dammit , Lou, I’m comin’!”
She ran for the front door and stopped in the middle of the broken glass and backed out and sat down on the edge of the bed and reached down and picked up a pair of pink, cotton house shoes. She wiped her hand across the soles of her feet and pulled the slippers on, and felt with the tip of her tongue for a splinter of glass in her palm.
Lou’s next kick cracked the door jam. Jodie jumped up and ran to the door and twisted the deadbolt free and grabbed the doorknob–it exploded in her left hand. The striker-plate splintered out of the door frame and shot across the room and ricocheted off the back wall. The door swung around and slammed against the wall and came to rest at an angle, dangling from the top hinge. The screws of the bottom hinge secured nothing but splinters. Jodie clutched her left hand to her belly with her right and her knees buckled. Light formed into strings and flowed from her vision and the world went black. 
“...piece of dilapidated shit parked under that cottonwood?” Lou brayed. His bull neck strained from a white T-shirt, his face was purple, his breath a midnight-shift-sour. He hauled her off the floor by the upper arms. Piss drenched her butt and the back of her robe.
The baby grasped the crib bars and screamed. Tears rolled down his wet cheeks and joined two streams of clear snot that flowed into his mouth. His shitty diaper stunk throughout the house.
Pain coursed from Jodie’s left thumb and forefinger, through her wrist and up her arm and into her grinding teeth. She was desperate to pull the soaked robe from her cranny and feel for glass. “What the hell do you think...”
The universe disappeared with a smack from Lou’s open palm. Through a burst of white comets it reappeared and Jodie found herself hanging, like the destroyed door, from Lou’s left hand, her palm to her cheek, her face on fire.
Lou grabbed her by the other arm and her feet cleared the floor. Black curls danced on his pale forehead and his blue eyes bored into her brain like a tungsten drill bit. “Answer me, woman! Whose is that piece of blue shit parked under that cottonwood?”
“How the hell should I know? They’s a house between us and the street, if you ain’t noticed.”
He shook her like a sack. Her teeth rattled and her hair billow like coal dust. “I noticed something else–footprints crossin’ the lawn from that old Ford and leadin’ straight back here. Ain’t that snotty nosed bastard enough!” He snatched an empty beer bottle off the coffee table and slung it backhand at the baby. It rattled off the end of the crib and bounced off the wall and rolled out into the middle of the floor. The baby wailed like a siren.
“That car don’t mean nothin’!”
Lou’s jaw muscles bulged. “So you know about the car.”
His open hand looked like a side of beef. She hunkered to the blow.
Smack!
Sparks shot every which way and the left side of her face raged. Tears burst from her eyes and rolled down her face.
“Yes, I know about it. It belongs to some guy who saw me home last night. I don’t hardly know him. Now, I gotta sit down or I’m gonna puke.”
He shoved her back on the couch. “Know? Like you knew Les Baxter when... Did he stay all night?”
“No.”
“You’re lyin’! By god, I oughtta smack you again. Me in the big house ruined you.”
She snatched a fresh diaper off the end table and retched bile into it as sharp as tinfoil on a filling. “No, it ruined you.” Bloody cobwebs of slobber stretched from her mouth to the diaper. She inspected her upper left teeth and gums with the tip of her tongue.
“I’m workin’ all night and you’re spending it with some drunk Okie–this town is infested with ‘em. Am I gonna have to ki....” Something out the door caught his blue eyes and paled them to gray. He bolted for the back of the house.
Jodie got to her feet and peered around the hanging door. A law officer was walking up the drive. She ducked out of the doorway and dabbed the diaper at her eyes and cheeks and wiped around her nose and under her lips. 
Lou stepped out of the bathroom and broke open a double-barreled shotgun and shoved shells into both chambers and snapped the breech closed. The stock and barrels were sawed off and the gun looked like a heavy pistol. Jodie’s mouth fell open--how could a man hide a shotgun in a bathroom the size of a postage stamp that she had just combed in search of a lost pair of panties? 
Lou’s hands disappeared behind his back--he looked like a body builder. They reappeared absent the shotgun.
Jodie stuck her palm up like a traffic cop and mouthed, “Wait.”
“Anybody home?” called the officer through the open door. Knock-knock-knock.
The baby cut the wail short and leaned over the crib bars and stared out the door at the officer.
“Kern County Sheriff’s Department,” he called.
Lou glared at Jodie and pointed at the open door like God banishing Adam and Eve from the garden.
“Coming,” Jodie called. She mouthed to Lou, “Is my cheek red?”
He pointed his finger at his left cheek and mouthed back, “Left one.”
This she saw, and saw also, behind him, no more than two feet from his left hand, the frill of her black panties peeking from under the corner of the blue bedspread. 
“Kern County Sheriff’s Department. Anybody home?”
Her stomach writhed and her left hand pulsed like a spark plug. With her right hand she bunched the piss drenched robe in back so that it formed a single strip. She held one end of the belt to her hip with her left palm and pulled the belt tight with her right and pulled the lapels back from her cleavage. With her sound fingers she combed back one side of her hair and then the other. She stuck her left hand into her pocket and stepped around the door, showing the good side of her face.
A tall young man in a deputy uniform stood at the foot of the stoop, a notepad under his shoulder flap, his burnished brown boots planted in the sand.
“Just a family disagreement,” Jodie said. She tilted her head to one side and stuck her good fist on her cocked hip. “I bet our next door neighbor called, didn’t she?” One pink house slipper inched from under her hem and wiggled at the young man.
He removed his hat and showed his blond, curly hair and his cute pink face. His blue eyes were more pale than Lou’s. “Couldn’t say, ma’am. Said there was a disturbance here.” The damp morning air was redolent with Old Spice.
“Just a family misunderstanding. She always says we’re the wildest couple in town.” She showed the deputy her dimples and white teeth. “Where’s your badge?”
“Don’t have one yet. I’m new with the force.”
Lou stepped into view behind Jodie. “It’s all about a spilt beer.”
The young man put his hat back on. “Kind of early for beer isn’t it?”
“We’ll decide that,” Lou said.
The young man looked beyond them at the bottle in the middle of the floor and the smashed picture frame and the broken glass. He glanced at the Texas license plates on Jodie’s Pontiac and Lou’s black 1952 Chevy sedan. “You folks new in town?”
“Been here a month,” Jodie said.
“Not much work in Bakersfield right now.”
“Lou went to work on a drilling rig the second day. It took me almost a week to get on at The Roughneck on the other side of town.”
“I know the place; going east on Edison.”
“Didn’t take you long to get here,” Lou said.
“We have a substation this side of the river. Oildale gets rowdy at times and if the city police are tied up... Well, that’s why I’m here this morning–big wreck on South Chester.”
“Nothin’ here you need to worry about. I’m sure you have more important things to do than baby sit us.”
“That’s true. If you folks will get this straightened...”
“We will,” Lou said.
Jodie smiled and backed out of the doorway, keeping the piss drenched back of her robe from view and her destroyed left cheek. Her lip felt as if it were already a bubble. She passed the edge of the bed on her way to the bathroom and glanced back to make sure Lou was still occupied with the officer. He was. She snatched her panties from beneath the covers and one of Lou’s shirts from a pile of clothes on the end of the ironing board and went inside the bathroom and locked the door and buried her panties in the diaper pail under a load of shitty diapers. She took off her robe and threw it in a corner and ran the palms of her hand carefully over her buttocks and checked them for glass; then the fingers of her right hand down the crack of her butt and checked it for glass. Satisfied that there was none she put on Lou’s long sleeve shirt, buttoned it and rolled the sleeves up half way and ran cold water over her burning hand.
She wet a wash rag and watched herself in the mirror work at her face. She rinsed her mouth and came back into the living room and stood in front of the crib. The baby set into a wail and stuck his arms up to her. She leaned back and looked past Lou out the door. The uniformed young man was halfway down the driveway walking past the vacant house. Beyond him, at the street, the neighbor peeked her bandana-bundled head around the end of the cinder block wall.
Jodie said, “I can’t change this goddam kid with one hand. You broke the other one.”
“If he’s changed you’ll change him,” Lou watched the young officer get in his car and close the door and drive away. 
Jodie took a baby bottle from the refrigerator and gave it to the baby. She set her jaws and tugged the diaper into place and held it there with her crippled hand and manipulated the safety pin with the good one. When she was done, the baby settled back with his bottle and observed the world through the bars.
Jodie rinsed the diaper in the commode and dropped it into the diaper pail and came back into the living room. Lou lifted the weight of the door on its handle and shoved it closed and set the deadbolt with a clunk. He turned to Jodie, the gun hanging from his meaty palm. She took a pack of Pall Malls from the end table and shook out a cigarette and sat down on the couch.
Lou picked up a Zippo and thumbed the striker and held the flame under her cigarette. The sweet chemical smell of the lighter fluid and the fresh cigarette smoke filled the room. She took a deep pull, leaned back and crossed her legs.
Lou eyed Jodie’s knee and full thigh and her breasts covered by the tin cloth. The cords in his jaws heaved under the pale skin. “You just saved that young fool’s life, or he saved yours.”
“He didn’t even have a gun.”
“A weevil. Just what causes a lot of grief. They come through Huntsville, they either learn the ropes quick or end up in one. Now, back to business--I got questions, you got answers.”
Jodie balanced the cigarette in the indentation in the lip of the translucent green ashtray and picked a flake of tobacco off her tongue. “If you hit me again you better kill me, else I’m leavin’.” 
He lowered the barrels at her, “Don’t think it ain’t entered my mind. Whose is that forty-nine Ford convertible out front?”
“A guy who hangs out at The Roughneck. Skid something or other.”
“I won’t ask if he came in last....”
“He did--‘Yes’ to everything you’re gonna ask.”
A blue vain in Lou’s neck swelled. “Why is his car out there?”
“Except that–I don’t know. It must of broke down.”
“Broke down! How the hell did it ever run?” He let his arm fall and the weight of the gun swung it like a pendulum. “Why would you poor-boy it with some Okie driving a forty-nine Ford when you could of married into half of Armstrong County?”
“I hated Claude, Texas. Les didn’t know they was any other life in the world.”
“Lucky he beat-feet when I was sprung, that’s all I can say.”
He switched the gun to his left hand and with his thick index finger fished a tab of paper out of his Levi’s watch pocket and thrust it at her. “Memorize that number and flush the paper down the toilet. Call in three days–from a pay phone. If I’m not there, keep callin’ till I am.” He lifted the shirt tail up to her belly with the barrell of the sawed off and cocked both chambers, then swung the gun around and aimed it at the baby. “Pack him up and everything that goes with him, includin’ the Pontiac, and send him to Texas with May. Sign the Pontiac over to her. I’ll see nothing from Les Baxter from now on.”
Lou lowered the gun and released the hammers one at a time. “This Skid must be a helluva man.”
“Just a man.”
“Not when I get through with him.”


Chapter Three


Their hollering came through the open kitchen window over the sink. “Count five steps and button-hook! Fingers spread. The ball leaves my hand on four.”
Nell heard the rooster crow three houses down, the distance taking the rasp out of its voice, and heard the thump-thump of the football, end over end across the asphalt.
“You hooked the wrong way, Rusty. Concentration is the name of the game.”
And, with the smell of frying bacon in the morning air, impossible.
Her long fingers kneaded a ball of biscuit dough on the counter. She popped a pinch into her mouth and began to pull chunks from the ball and shape them into round biscuits which she dabbed with bacon grease, top and bottom, and laid in rows on the biscuit pan. She folded a dish towel, grasped the hot oven door handle and slid the pan inside.
Phil could coach Rusty from now on, he could never make varsity. He was like his dad–her dad, big, well formed, but slow.
She sprinkled flour over bacon grease sizzling in a cast iron skillet, shook salt and pepper over it and left it to brown for gravy. 
She spread the dish towel on the counter, dipped her hands in the bowl of flour and rolled cords of dough off of her palms and from between her fingers and from behind her nails and let them fall on the towel. She slipped her plain gold wedding band off and wiped it inside with the corner of the dish towel and slipped it back on, and gathered the four corners of the towel and carried the towel through the washroom onto the back porch and flapped the flour and strings of dough into the wet grass and came back into the kitchen.
The flour in the skillet had browned and absorbed the bacon grease. She poured milk into it and stirred. Grease droplets broke on the surface and bejeweled the brown flour and milk like new born solar systems in a spiral galaxy a billion light years away. The droplets dissipated in the turning milk, and the galaxy thickened and dissolved into white gravy.
She poured the gravy into a bowl and set it on the table, and put the flour and baking powder in the cupboard, and savored the aftertaste of the pinch of bitter dough that had swollen and dissolved on her tongue. Before she closed the cupboard door, she held up the Clabber Girl baking powder can and looked at it. In a setting of times gone by, a smiling, short haired girl in a puffy sleeved blouse is walking off of the label and out of the picture, carrying a platter of biscuits, leaving her mother at the fireplace with the children.
Nell’s children are three and four. They sit cross-legged on a pink, cotton-string rug in front of the television, rapt like mystics. An hour ago Nell told them the grass was wet and they could not play outside. “I’ll wun away thon ome,” Callie threatened. And so she had, with her older brother Will, to the land of Bizzy Bob, leaving even their cairn terrier a blue-gray ball in the corner. Nell’s tall figure striding through the living room behind them no longer existed for them.
Phil clutched the football in the crook of his left arm and hooked his thick fingers like talons over its nose. Tying six inch, ninety pounds per foot, ninety-foot upright drill collars back in the derrick the past five years had tempered his muscles to what they were as a five-foot-ten fullback, ten years ago in high school. He was a wrecking ball. In three seasons he fumbled twice, both times in the same game, nineteen-fifty-two, against KC--they lost. But the next year, his senior year, they won. With Skid Farrell as starting quarterback, how could they do otherwise. EB hadn’t won a game against KC since.
“You know he was the best quarterback in the state?”
“I heard.”
“Ain’t been a better one since--or ever.
Phil and Rusty stood in the middle of Iris Street and looked south across Norris Road.
“Reckon why his car’s parked there?”
“I’m afraid to speculate.”
“Think he might have spent the night there with a girl?”
“Don’t ask.” He spun the ball in the air and caught it. “Although if he did she musta stalled.”
“The girl?”
“The car, goofball. He wouldn’t leave it parked where Nell could see it the next morning.”
“I already saw it.” She stood barefoot in the wet grass inside the white picket fence.
“If he had a phone, like a man in his right mind, you could call and ask him why his car is there. Although I doubt if you’d find him home right now.”
Rusty said, “Who, in his right mind, would drive that car when he could afford a new one? Don’t he make good money?”
“Oh, he makes good money alright, but no one ever accused him of being in his right mind,” Nell said.
“He’s a driller ain’t he? Or was.” His eye lashes and the hair on his arms were transparent; freckles covered his skin; his hair was twisted copper wire.
Phil crushed the points of the ball inward like a kicker before kickoff. “He’s my driller.”
“Till the rig starts back up, right?” Rusty said. “Then you’ll be driller.”
“He’ll still be my boss. He’s taking Cowboy’s toolpushing job and I’m taking his drilling job. He’ll boss the whole rig.”
“They firing Cowboy?”
“Never. He’s taking rig five to Alaska.” He flipped the ball high in the air, end over end, and caught it like a kick-returner. “Wudn’t for Skid I’d still be hefting milk cans at the Smooth Moos Creamery.” 
Nell shook her head. Her heavy red hair rolled back and forth across her back. “Stop using ‘ain’t,’ Russell, if you expect to become a junior.” She crooked an index finger and hiked up the corner of her eyeglasses. “Does Mom know you’re playing football in your new Levis?”
“Hey, Sis, don’t get mad. I pull Phil outta the house to show me a little football and you act like a woman scorned.”
“Scorned my ass.” Her freckles surfaced in blotches.
“He’s probably down there visiting with some old roughneck,” Phil said. “If the old blue dog’s there when we come back from Buttonwillow I’ll check up on him, see if the car will run. He always floods her out. He might’a just left her.” His thick palms crushed the ball. “She’s got us to work and back these five years now. He probably hates to give her up for a company car.”
“You got a key?” Rusty asked.
“Always in the ignition–nobody’ll steal her.”
“Old blue dog?” Nell said. She turned and her hair caught the sun and flared. She tossed over her shoulder, “Breakfast is ready if you can pull yourselves away.”


Chapter Four


Skid Farrell stood six-two, neither lean nor bulky. His brown hair was wavy, his nose straight, his eyebrows delicate and distinct, his lips blushed. He appeared effeminate to some men. Never to a woman.
His back curled against the door frame and his long legs stretched over the doorstep he sat upon, and his bare heels dug into the warm sand and anchored him. He sipped from a long-neck bottle of Coors and listened through his screen door to Sundown, a radio program out of Delano. The driveway he looked down began from his yard, passed between a row of tamarack trees on its south side and a clapboard wash house and two cabins on its north side, and ended as dirt scattered over the blacktop of Sterling Road. At Sterling the sky opened to an inverted red shell from which, fifteen minutes ago, the sun slid like a bloody yolk.
Bermuda grass made up Skid’s small yard, sparse as pubic hair on a thirteen year old. It grew astraddle an eight foot cement walk that had nearly sunk into the sand. The three cabins were exact copies of each other--three rooms with a bath--but Skid’s faced west and the other two faced south. The washhouse also faced south and stood between his cabin and the other two.
Four of the tamarack trees were straight and reached forty feet. Six others bowed in various directions. All had branches to the ground that swept the sand like brooms when the wind blew. Through them could be seen the top of a scorched roof collapsed onto the black ruins of a Church of Christ that burned in 1954. Beyond the parking lot of the burned church was a patchwork of sagebrush and tumbleweed out of which rose an occasional couch or mattress--illegal mounds of trash. Jackrabbits avoided the mounds, favoring broader avenues for their long legs, but cotton tails and ground squirrels found them ideal. Field mice found them heaven.
Long gone were the windows and entry door to the washhouse. Two doors inside remained, one marked Women, the other Men. Skid kept the sinks and commodes in these functioning, but the showers had been defunct since the cabins had their own installed a decade ago.  Other contributions to his fellow renters were a white Formica top table, an ironing board, a large porcelain-cast iron sink, and a washer and electric dryer. His largess was not purely humanitarian, he used the washer and dryer himself.
Skid watched the bloody horizon diminish to a single scarlet feather that lingered a moment and was replaced by the pink neon glow of Bakersfield. He took comfort in the domestic smell of laundry detergent from the washhouse, and from the swing bands on “Sundown.” “The sweetest music on earth,” said the DJ. Sweet indeed was the soft trombone in the last song of the program, Guy Mitchell’s “My Heart Cries For You.”
Skid walked inside and turned off the radio and emptied the remaining half of his Coors into the sink and dropped the bottle into a brown paper trash bag. He went into the bathroom and pulled off his T-shirt and stuffed it into a blue denim laundry bag that hung from a nail in the wall. Went into the bedroom and put on a half sleeve sport shirt he had laid out over the ironing board. In the living room, he steadied himself against the couch and pulled his rawhide loafers onto his bare white feet. The couch was of the same camel brown as the trash sack. Its rounded arms and every salient feature that once glamorized it were worn slick.
He closed the screen door and walked down the driveway and turned left on Sterling Road. A quarter of a mile south--across the Eastside Canal, the Southern Pacific tracks and the Edison Highway, all running east and west alongside each other--a white neon sign mounted to a twenty foot replica of an old wooden oil derrick spelled
T
H
E
ROUGHNECK
B
A
R
The sign sat atop the roof of the establishment.
A feral cat, come to make a hell of the field mice’s heaven, fled from Skid’s shadow as it fell across the heap of trash she stalked. Across Sterling Road from Skid a field of mown hay lay in rows, and on the canal bank at the south end of the field the lights of a bailer trembled impatiently. A mocking bird leaped up and back from the top of a telephone pole, and raised cane at the bailer. Skid wondered when she ever slept.
 Just off of the north side of Bear Mountain in the Tehachapi Range hung a full moon, brilliant and detailed, such a moon as one remembers dwarfing mountains and dominating the whole eastern sky.
Skid filled his lungs with the fragrance of hay and hummed the lines of a song he composed ten years ago:

To an orchard in the full moon light,
Two young men went out to fight.

Ten years ago this month. Ten years!
Suddenly the dank smell of death obliterated the hay’s fragrance. Rocky Point Weir on Kern River had closed for winter and the irrigation water in Eastside Canal was drying up. Masses of life that had thrived in pools of three dimensions, now gasped for life in pools diminishing to two.
In the summer time, when the canal was full and the sun ablaze, his habit was to stop on this bridge on his way to The Roughneck Bar and watch beards of green moss wave forever east in the cool current. Imbedded in the cement abutment of the bridge was a bronze plaque, WPA 1936. He was born that year in Oklahoma. Four years later, on this same Edison Highway, he and his mother and father, two sisters and two brothers, squeaked into town on the wooden spoke wheels of a nineteen-twenty-eight Studebaker.
From that time until he went into the Army, he lived ten miles southeast on this canal. As a boy, the dead and dying from which this stink emanated evoked wonder in him. He once lost himself in the curious work of a perfectly shaped shell he picked from a myriad of skeletons that dried in a pile when the canal was emptied. Brown and grey lines drawn counter to the spiraling shell, expanded in length and width as they approached the gaping mouth. He balanced the shell upright in the palm of his hand and imagined its horned head protruding from that vacant mouth, bobbing here and there as it grazed and drug itself along the flat side of a sunken blade of water grass. He cracked the shell with his thumb nail, and finding nothing inside, ground it to dust in his palm and blew it away.
Two weeks ago during a slow shift between twelve midnight and eight A.M.--known as “morning tour“ in the oilfields--the bit Skid’s rig was rotating broke through shale into sand. Per procedure, he hoisted the bit off bottom and circulated the new cuttings to surface in the drilling mud. These a mud logger would analyzed for hydrocarbons--oil. Were any present, a company geologist would be called out to evaluate them and decide what further steps were appropriate. If the mud logger found no significant trace of oil, Skid would set the bit back on bottom and resume drilling.
The mud logger scraped the samples off the shaker screen with a spatula and returned with them to his trailer. He washed them in a fine screen sieve, put them on a saucer under a microscope and probed them here and there with a straight pin protruding from the end of a wooden dowel. As nonchalant as could be, he said “Skid, take a peek.”
Under the microscope was isolated a tiny shell, about twice the diameter of the pin used to push and turn it with. Skid adjusted the focus to his own vision. The shell was bleached on the outside but more elaborately etched then the shell in the canal bottom he had examined as a kid. Small as it was, it was far more durable than the snail’s shell, and perfect and complete. The slick inner opening that the gastropod worked in and out of glowed as pink as a flashlight through a child’s palm. This mollusk was cut at a depth of eight-thousand feet plus, at the top of the Stevens Sand. It lived and died in the Miocene Epoch twelve-million years ago, and modern science had resurrected it to prove to Skid that if whole worlds of such beauty died, his existence meant nothing.
The mud logger squeezed a drop of hydrochloric acid onto the shells and bones and they fizzled to fumes. He typed into his log, “abnt fos. no sig oil show. Rsum. drlg.” Strata upon strata of bones and shells followed this shell across the shaker screen, most of them ground to fragments as the bit penetrated deeper into the past. The oil, however, had migrated. This dry hole would be plugged and abandoned.
Skid crossed the canal and the railroad tracks and waited at the side of Edison Highway for the awful wash of diesel exhaust from a passing eighteen wheeler. He sprinted across and turned right and walked past a corrugated sheet metal fence upon which was painted in black letters, “Jack’s Wrecking Yard.”  The pit bull inside stalked him and let him know that his life was at stake should he try anything foolish.
At the end of the fence was a driveway that led from the highway to the back parking lot of The Roughneck Bar. This he crossed, and opened the heavy front door of the bar and went in.
A band called The Possums played “Waltz Across Texas,” the dance floor undulated, bar flies buzzed and old Texans wept, and the leaven of beer inundated the whole scene.
On the counter sat the telephone, and across the counter leaned Jess the bartender with the receiver in his hand.
“Yer derrick man’s been tryin’ to get in touch with you. This, however, ain’t him. But it is for you.”
“Who is it?”
“Didn’t say. If she can pour beer tell her she’s hired, I’m short handed.”
Skid put the receiver to his left ear and covered the right with his palm. A women’s voice rang like an accusation, “Skid?”
“Yes.”
“Someone here wants to talk to you.”
It was Jodie. “That was Aunt May. Do not say my name out loud. I quit my job there and no one can know I’m calling. It’s about last night...”
“I just came here to apologize for that. I never messed around with married women before. It was a principal I never violated, the only prin...”
“Listen, Skid, you ain’t got time for guilt. My husband is gonna kill you. He’ll kill me if he finds out I made this call. Why’d you leave your car this morning?”
“It flooded out. The cops gave me a ride home.”
“Cops?”
“Friend of mine.”
“You’ll need a friend, especially a cop. Lou just got out of the pen last month for beating a man to death in Amarillo. After three years his lawyer sprung him on new evidence. Listen, do not go near your car for three days. He’s watchin’ it and has a shotgun.”
“If I don’t he’ll know you warned me.”
Jodie was silent for half a minute. “I never thought of that.”
“Listen, I gotta get off this phone. I got a feeling my derrick man might get that car if I don’t. He lives right up the street from you.”
Skid’s hands never shook before–they did now, such that he could hardly dial the phone.
“Hello, Nell, where’s Phil?”
“He’s gone to find you or get your junker.”
“He won’t find me.”
“Let me guess–you just showed up at The Roughneck Bar. He’s been phoning there all evening. When he doesn’t find you at home he’ll know where to look.”
“Dammit, Nell, I opened a can of worms last night.”
“Is that what they call it now?”
Skid had found in The Roughneck Bar a lifestyle that sustained him as communion sustains a communicant. Now his new gods had abandoned him. They guaranteed him the moment but bore no responsibility for the past or the future and claimed no power over death. He returned to the gods of his youth because he had nowhere else to turn. He tried to recall the last time he prayed, and couldn’t. He could now: “God help us!” and “Jesus Christ, what have I done?” and “Lord have mercy.”
He walked out of the bar for the last time.


Chapter Five


Eight Electromotive Diesels, four in front, four behind, pushed and pulled a freight train out of Southern Pacific’s yard in Bakersfield, and throbbed east toward the long grade up the Tehachapis. The pushers in the rear would be disengaged at the summit and the train descend without them into the Mojave Desert where the summers blaze, the winters freeze and the wind blows forever. Two hobos rode the only empty flatcar in the train. One lay on his back dozing, one leg jack-knifed over the other. The other sat cross-legged while skidrow passed before him like a film strip in a dark theater. The telephone poles came with quick regularity now, and click...click...click had become clackityclack-clackityclack. Lights from traffic on the highway alongside the train reflected off the telephone wires, rising and falling with each pole like sunset off dolphin’s backs. Then sporadic vacant lots and open fields and, to the hobo, the unmistakable smell of crude. Pump-jacks began to appear between the bars and cabins and wrecking yards, raising and lowering their heads, pumping their oil into great silver oil tanks that squatted beside them. 
Hard against the highway on the opposite side from the hobo, three Waukesha engines on an oil drilling rig bellowed and the silver derrick lurched. Yellow traveling blocks the size of a car shot up through an illuminated derrick, pulling a-mile-and-a-half of drill pipe out of the ground, thirty foot at a time. The driller slammed down on the brake, the roughnecks threw in the slips, the string stopped, the tong cables snapped, the rotary table spun, and a thirty foot joint of three-and-a-half inch drill pipe unscrewed from the string and jumped from the thread box. The pipe-racker shoved the end of the drill pipe out the V-door and cut it free. It slid down the ramp and slammed against the catwalk.
“Layin’ down drill-pipe,” the hobo mumbled. He had worked six months on a nice triple derrick like this, in Huntington Beach. Almost caught the oil bug. But ninety foot of upright heavy wall pipe caught him first, taking off two toes on his left foot. He hated the rotating shifts, especially morning tours. But the pay made it almost worthwhile. Work was near guaranteed for experienced hands, even uneducated ones. A few uneducated men, he was told, had pulled down big dough in the oilfields. He reckoned they were smart, he wasn’t. He couldn’t even read the tall neon sign beneath which a man stopped pacing to stare at him.
Skid stared, but not at him. The flatcar the hobo rode on provided Skid a moving window in the middle of a wall of boxcars. Through this window, he watched a set of headlights coming down Sterling Road. The wrong ones Skid decided, too bright and steady for the old Ford.
The flatcar passed, the boxcars resumed, and Sterling Road and the headlights disappeared. Skid turned his attention back west, toward Bakersfield. He paced dust as fine as face powder on the cement walkway in front of The Roughneck Bar, and searched the traffic for a right headlight with a short in it.
A barricade of welded four-and-a-half inch drill pipe, bumper high, ran the length of the walkway where he paced. On the other side of this were ten diagonal parking spaces side by side, all empty but for the last two on the west end. Regular customers parked in back because traffic on Edison Highway blew dust over everything out front.
“Hey! Pretty boy,” a man yelled from the back seat of an immaculate nineteen-forty, yellow Packard that slowed almost to a skid. “Shuddup!” a woman squealed. They cackled like a hen house. The Packard rocked into the driveway between the bar and wrecking yard, crunched off the corrugated wrecking yard fence and never stopped. Somebody yelled, “I told you the lowly bastard would kill us, Arlene.”
A June-bug rose in a tortured pattern toward the neon light, a hopeless flyer–great strength but no control. They crashed by the thousands into the window where a lone light shined in the Used Not Abused second hand store where he lived on Weedpatch Highway when he was a kid. Then lay on their backs, their powerful legs churning the air. It was no use to right them, they just raised their bronze shells and spread their meticulously folded wings to rise and crash again. Unless the life were crushed out of them between a thumb and finger–which Skid never did–they always pulled free. This one careened off the light and veered left in a long path like a crippled B-17, its translucent wings fluorescent until it thumped off the blacktop beside the old Ford.
“Thank God you’re here!”
Phil stepped over the barricade. “That should be my line. A woman where you parked your car said the cops hauled you off to jail at Five o’clock this morning.”
“No such luck. They just gave me a lift home.” He stepped over the barricade and walked out beside the highway to look past the two parked cars. “Anybody follow you?”
“Not that I know of. Why?”
Someone did. He parked beside the road in front of the wrecking yard and slammed the car door. His silhouette in the passing headlights told Skid that this was a big guy. Phil had fought a kid, big like this, in high school. But this was no kid, and The Roughneck Bar no high school. And it was not Phil’s fight.
The man’s stout legs covered a lot of ground quick. And he did not come to fight. In a few strides, his long arms swinging, he was directly in front of Phil. The last stride was an orchestration: his right arm seemed to glance off his lower back, but losing no motion, up it came with a sawed off double barrel shotgun no more than two foot from Phil’s chest. “Click! Click!”
“Hey, I’m the man you’re looking for, not him,” Skid yelled from the other side of the barricade.”
The man swung the gun around at Skid. “Oh yeah?”
Phil’s right hand balled up and Skid yelled, “Phil! You got a wife and kids. Don’t be a fool.”
The man swung the gun back at Phil’s chest. “Go ahead.”
“He’s just a friend,” Skid said. “I’m Skid. He saw my car and brought it to me.”
“A friend.” He pulled both triggers.
The blast lifted Phil off his feet. He had not hit ground when Skid leaped the barricade. Lou swung the shotgun barrel backhand full force and caught Skid in mid air, just above the right ear, and almost scalped him.


Chapter Six


A man in his early thirties stands in the open door of a red horse barn and with a wave of his hand beckons Skid in. His face is a plaster bust of Beethoven, its single painted feature, wild black hair. He wears a white canvas mechanic’s smock, splotched with motor oil and stinking of solvent. It reaches to his knees and is buttoned at the collar with a bone button. The rest of the coat hangs open, and flares as he walks. Wrist gauntlets of black leather gloves hang over the top of his left side-pocket, and from his right hand swings a red grease rag.
Sunlight through tall slits cuts the shadowy interior of the barn and catches on bits of golden straw that mark, like Hansel and Gretel’s bread crumbs, a trail over the packed earth floor and out the closed back doors. The horse stalls are stocked with car parts. Where bridles and ropes once hung from wooden pegs now hang crescent wrenches and stillsons.
A red, two place Stutz Bearcat sits just out of reach of the sunlight falling through the open door. It is flanked on its right by a wheeled work bench with a cast iron sink full of solvent over which fumes curl. On its left, in a pile against the wall, is a pair of scuffed, brown cowboy boots and rawhide chaps, with a gray, sweat stained cowboy hat thrown on top.
“This is your only map, if you can make sense of it.”
The mechanic’s coat has become a World War One U.S. Army jacket with shoulder flaps that display captain bars. The captain addresses dough boys who occupy three short benches where the Stutz Bearcat sat. He wears jodhpurs and tall brown boots matched by a wide brown belt worn on the outside of the jacket.  A white baton with a red tip has replaced the grease rag, and with it he taps a varicolored tapestry that hangs from two horsehair ropes tied to an overhead beam. Each tap sends colored thread and red fringe from the bottom of the rotting tapestry.
“We’re off of it–out here.” He points off the tapestry. “To mean anything, we must enter the field here.”
Skid leans to one side to see around his broad back. “Wait.”
No pause.
“If not here, then not at all.”
“Wait. Where?”
His eyes, now the green of luminescent moss, look over Skid and beyond. “No passes are marked and all but this lead through the mountains and off the map.” He gives the tapestry a great whack that sends threads cascading. “The wrong path and progress is hopeless.”
“Wait!”
Two barefoot waifs, a girl in a yellow flour-sack dress and a boy in striped overalls, scurry past the benches and pull the loose threads from the bottom of the tapestry in handfuls. The officer turns on his heel and marches over the dusty floor and disappears in the glare of sunlight falling through the open barn door.
Skid throws his arm over his eyes and tries to follow but the glare drives him back.
“Wait!”
The children pass him on both sides, their arms full of varicolored tapestry threads, and disappear into the sunlight, chanting “Cross your heart, hope to die, stick a thousand needles in your eye?”
Skid’s forearm crushed his face. His mouth and nostrils stung as if sprayed with starting fluid. He moved his arm and opened his eyes, or tried to. The right one was swollen shut, and sight from the left was like squinting through a straw.
At the straw’s end, the green eyes that were in the barn peered back at him from a face with a long thin nose, heavy eyebrows and curly black hair. Skid blinked his good eye. It felt as if a windshield wiper full of grit had swiped across it.
The room came into focus, and the rest of the man with the green eyes: tall, and fitting perfectly a gray, pinstripe suit. His tie, tied in a thin knot, was black with diagonal gray bands.
“You’re lucky to be alive.”
“I am?”
The man studied him for a moment, then pulled a curved, brown pipe from one pocket and a pouch of tobacco from the other, and turned for the door. “Your parents are in the hall with the doctor. I’ll get them.”
“Wait!” Skid raised on his elbows and sent the room spinning. His fingers clutched the white sheets like earthworms.
The man jammed his pipe and pouch into his pockets and wheeled back. “Hey, Fella, take it easy.” He cradled the back of Skid’s head with his left hand and slipped a long arm around his shoulders and eased him back onto the pillow.
Skid’s head drummed like a duplex pump. “Please. Fill me in. Are you a preacher?” His voice rasped like a file.
The man leaned over and cocked his head. His hands fumbled in his pockets for his pipe and pouch. “Nor a rabbi. Dan Schulenberger, Bakersfield Police. But...” his eyes searched Skid’s and he seemed almost to have lost his thread of thought “...I’m hardly here in that capacity. I met you years ago and heard you were in the hospital. What would you like to know?”
Skid asked the exotic jew with green eyes if they had caught the man.
Schulenberger’s long thumb stuffed the pipe bowl with strings of black tobacco. His eyes remained fixed on Skid’s. “No.”
Skid pulled air into his dry lungs and let it out easy.
“You aren’t disappointed?”
“More in me than him.”
Beyond the closed door an intercom’s homogenized voice droned. Skid squinted his eye and looked out the window at the tops of two sycamores fifty yards off. “What hospital is this?”
“Kern General, sixth floor. You’ve been here for two days.” He pulled a miniature Diamond match box from his pocket, slid it open and sorted through it as if no ordinary match would meet his criteria. “Your doctor is in the hall with your folks. I’ll get them.”
“I can’t face ‘em.”
“They’ll be awfully disappointed. They’ve hardly left since you were admitted.”
“Why am I alive and Phil is dead?”
A lighted match waited above Schulenberger’s pipe bowl. “You know about Phil?”
“I saw it all–caused it all, got him killed and survived”
“Barely.” Schulenberger spoke between his teeth and the pipe stem. “It’s not what someone had in mind. Do you know who the someone was? Was he alone?” Schulenberger sucked and the flame turned upside down and entered the pipe. He moved the match in circles over the bowl like a snake charmer.
“I was his only accomplice. He was the husband of a barmaid at the Roughneck, Jodie...I don’t even know her last name.” His fingers clutched the sheet like the gunwales of a rowboat.
Schulenberger snapped the pipe from his teeth. “Chamberlain. Jodie’s husband’s name is Lou Chamberlain. We figured it was him. He has a history--and Jodie was not very discreet. She told another barmaid she was taking you home. Did Phil attack this guy?”
“Phil hadn’t a clue about what was happening. All he did was bring my worthless car to me after it broke down. This guy followed him. I told the guy he had the wrong man. He was deter...”
“Wrong man?”
“Wrong man. A man who didn’t sleep with his wife. I did.”
“Did you tell him that?”
“Yes.”
“And he didn’t believe you?”
“He believed me, and shot Phil to spite me.”
“And probably thought he killed you too. Look, I’m not here as a policeman. Maybe just curious. You don’t have to answer this of course, but is it a habit of yours to sleep with other men’s wives?” His bottom lip hung away from tobacco stained teeth and he searched Skid’s eyes like a hunter trying to determine if he were looking at a twig in a brush or an antler.
“Never. Never before.” Beyond the closed door, the omnipresent intercom spoke from its concealed position, “Doctor Cramer, please report to ICU.” A flock of pigeons rose on silent wings and fled beyond the sycamores. “Of course it would have to be the first time. But shit, I can’t blame God.”
Schulenberger took the pipe from his mouth. “I’ll send in the doctor and your parents.” He stopped at the door and turned, “If you’d like, we’ll talk when you feel better.”
Skid did not know if he would like or not.
Schulenberger went out and the doctor came in and pushed the door stop down with his foot and propped the door open. Skid’s parents were not with him. In the hall a gurney’s rubber wheels squeaked by on the polished floor.
“Hello. I’m Doctor Lloyd. How you feeling?”
“Better than I deserve to.”
“Doctor Schulenberger is having a word with your parents. They’ll be in shortly.”
“Doctor Schulenberger? I thought he was a cop.”
“Cop? Well, he does work for the department, but he has his own private practice too. They wouldn’t pay a high priced psychologist to wait for a man to come out of a coma. He said he knew you.”
“I don’t remember him.”
Doctor Lloyd raised the cover and peeked under. “Catheter giving you any problems?”
A transparent tube with bubbles of yellow urine led from under the cover to a translucent plastic container. Skid pictured a nurse inserting it.
“You have a hairline skull fracture over your right ear. That, I suppose, gives you a lot of pain. I’ve prescribed a pain killer.” He looked closely at the side of Skid’s head. “You also sustained a long gash in your scalp over the fracture–difficult shaving for the nurse.”
He recalled a picture of his airborne class at Fort Campbell, a shaved head turned him into an old man with a big nose and pinched face.
“Schulenberger thinks you were hit with the same gun that killed your friend. It lifted your scalp like an orange peel. Had it not, it would have crushed your skull.”
“When will I leave the hospital?”
“Five or six days. We’ll make sure no bleeding occurs in the brain--or has occurred--and treat you with anti inflammatory. Can’t say when you’ll go back to work–probably a month.”
The doctor scribbled in a clipboard that hung from the end of the bed. 
“You were in and out of it last night. You’ll be okay. I’ll send in your parents.”
Doctor Lloyd jammed the doorstop back into its brass holder with his foot, and the door closed behind him. Skid looked at the tops of the sycamores and figured the drop from his window at about seventy feet.


Chapter Seven


Schulenberger spread the red flame evenly over the tobacco like strawberry jam, and exhaled a great billow of smoke. It rose into a white plastic, translucent grid in the ceiling behind which burned two long florescent tubes. Then he went to the door and closed it on the omnipresent intercom, “...report to the main...” Midday light crept beneath the long curtains of the south wall. “Mind if I open the curtains and the window? The nurses don’t like my pipe tobacco.” He pulled the cord, hand over hand, and the drapes swung like women’s skirts. His dark fingers curled around the window crank like monkey paws.
Skid turned away from the light and closed his eyes. His face was a prune, invaded on one side with white mildew. The flesh beneath his right eye socket was black as mascara. It smudged to brown as it moved outward, and went to yellow at the edges. A long white strip of gauze was tapped to his shaved skull from the tip of his right eyebrow to the back of his head. The right eyelid opened over a yellow ball streaked with blood.
Schulenberger flipped the light switch to “off” on the wall behind Skid’s bed. “Doctor Lloyd tells me you need some good news--I’ve got some.”
Skid’s body conformed to the half upright hospital bed. “In his words, I’m progressing marvelously.” His fingers kneaded the white sheet like maggots.
“Physically.”
“He’s a Physical Doctor. You’re a...”
Schulenberger pulled the pipe from his teeth–“Psychologist?” A string of spittle stretched from his lip to the pipe stem like a cable on a suspension bridge. “Doctor Lloyd told you I was a psychologist?” The cable broke and Schulenberger wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
“Aren’t you?”
“Yes. But I’m not here in that capacity.”
“You were not here in the capacity of a cop the other day, and you’re not here in the capacity of a Psychologist today. What capacity are you here in?”
“Well, there is a sense that if one is a psychologist he is a psychologist whether at work or not. Or a cop, whether he is on duty or not. In that sense I’m both. But I’m here as a friend. A curious one, yes, but a friend.”
“We’ve never met.”
“Not formally, but in an informal way I met you thirteen years ago.”
“What’s the good news?”
“You are no longer in danger of Lou Chamberlain. He has gone south...Mexico, Central or South America... Somewhere. Jodie’s aunt said Jodie followed him. Lou’s old cell mate has connections with big time drug runners in San Francisco–a reason that the department had an eye on him since he pulled into town.”
“They should have had an eye on me.”
“Anyway, Lou Chamberlain is gone. The aunt is leaving too, taking Jodie’s baby boy back to his rich daddy in Texas.”
“Good for the baby. He didn’t deserve me and his mamma and Lou.”
The room swam in pipe smoke.
“You include yourself in a pretty rough crowd.”
“If you’re a cop and a psychologist, you know I belong with criminals and lunatics.”
“I know you better than you think.”
“Since..?”
“Since you were a freshman in highschool and I a senior at Visalia. You came off the bench and picked off two of my passes, one in the end zone. I was one of your lesser opponents, before you made quarterback and became famous. I hoped you might come to UCLA where I was. You turned everybody down didn’t you.”
“I chose roughnecking.”
“Curious selection–not that I have a thing against oilfield workers.”
Skid said nothing.
“For all your fame as a football player though, I was most impressed with you as the captain of EB’s debating team. When I was at UCLA, I watched you dismantle my old Visalia team at a meet in Irvine–I also had been captain.” He shook the bitten stem of the pipe at Skid, “Brilliant.”
A tiny Filipino nurse with brown arms as thin as stork legs swung the door open and held it for a large lady in a pink uniform who carried in a brown plastic tray that held a bowl of vegetable soup on a saucer with cellophane packets of crackers alongside. A white dinner plate held green peas, red beets, corn, and what looked like a chicken breast smashed with a branding iron. The large lady sat the tray on a wheeled table beside the bed and left. The closing door smothered a burst of laughter, and on a beige bowl, a square of red Jell-O wriggled like congealed blood. 
The nurse shook a thermometer and stuck it in Skid’s mouth and turned on Schulenberger. “You pipe smell like burning trash. You should not smoke that in here.”
“Yes ma’am,” Schulenberger said, heading for the door.
She poured water from a plastic pitcher into a Dixie cup and sat it beside a pill that lay on a saucer on the table. She looked at the thermometer took a clipboard from its holder on the end of the bed and wrote in it.
The door swung open and Schulenberger–absent the pipe--held it for Skid’s mother and father.
Bill Farrell was a tall man dressed in khaki. He laid a khaki hat on the sink stand. Curly, gray hair circled his bald head on which stood beads of sweat. Nights of pushing drilling rigs had cut deep furrows in his face.
Marge Farrell was big boned, heavy bosomed, and almost as tall as her husband. Her hair was bluish gray, and her eyes, behind large square lenses, were brown and clear. 
The nurse said to Skid, “Little temperature. Doctor Lloyd say you need to walk–take you medicine and walk! You stay like this, you gonna be cripple. Getting better--looking worse. You should be gone tree days ago.” She glared at Schulenberger on her way out, “No pipe in here.”
Bill Farrell shoved a cigarette back into a pack of Camels and the Camels back into his shirt pocket. The door closed behind her, and Schulenberger pulled his pouch from one pocket and his pipe from the other. He sat in the corner and began stuffing.
“Brother Fairchild sends you his best,” Marge Farrell said. “He said he would be praying for you.”
The church had returned to Skid as a form of Purgatory, and he wasn’t even Catholic.
“These are from Lilly and her husband.” His mother sat a vase of yellow roses, shrouded with baby’s-breath, on a stainless steel table. “You remember her. I think you kids dated a couple of times in high school. They have a place a mile west of ours. Oh, you should see our new place! Mocking birds and meadow larks everywhere.”
“Doctor Lloyd tells us you pack a load of guilt,” Bill Farrell said. He unloaded two books from a paper bag and sat them beside the flowers.
His mother picked up the top book, a paper back novel. “Gloria and Walt sent you these with Brother Fairchild. He went to Walt’s lectureship–I say ‘Walt’s,’ it’s the congregation’s. Gloria is bringing the kids up tomorrow. She said it would be a new world, coming to a place in Bakersfield other than the old house on Weedpatch. She’ll get used to it. Walt can’t get away.” She looked at the novel from arm’s length. “Graham Green–have you read him? And this one I can’t even lift. She said it’s the same text she has in her art history class at UCSB.”
His father laid a hand on his shoulder. “Paul Williams came by my rig last Thursday. Paid you quite a compliment, said that nobody knows Pyramid’s Rig Three as well as you, not even Cowboy.” He pulled his Camels from his shirt pocket and shucked one out. “Get past this Skid. You’ve got a job with Paul from now on. He needs you to take Cowboy’s pushing job when he sends him to Alaska on Rig Five.”
Skid knew all this. He turned under the sheet and pulled his knees up. Silence spread like mold.
“We’ll have to be going, Son. The rig’s at sixteen-thousand and I have a young driller on the brake.”
Through the closing door Skid caught sight of a candy-striper’s long lines of pink and white swinging along like summer. The vacuum door-closer wheezed and pulled the door to on the intercom’s voice, and a chill passed through him.
“Tap-tap-tap.”
Schulenberger sat in the corner, tapping the ashes out of his pipe into an ashtray, and probing the pipe bowl with a small silver instrument. Skid had forgotten him.
He strode across the room, pointing the pipe stem like a pistol. “Two minutes of your time and I’m gone forever.”
Skid envisioned Mary Magdalen and her companions hovering over Christ’s body.
“I’ve decided to pull all the stops. You’ve probably gathered that I’m a criminal psychologist. If you cared, you’d know that you don’t fit in with my specialty. I lose money coming up here. Why do I do it? Simply because I can’t stand the waste I see in this room. But, it seems there’s nothing I can do about it. I’ve never gotten used to the idea of lost causes, but I’ve learned to accept them if I’m to work at all. Keeping criminals from recidivism shares the same ratio of success as Christian missionaries in Thailand. Maybe you never had a cause to lose. Only you know. But the death you are obviously pursuing may not come in the form you expect. What is happening in your brain is like a cog breaking in a gear–you know about mechanics, Skid–the following cog takes on a load it was not designed for. If it bears the load, the machine continues to function, however, more slowly and with a knock. Imagine saddling your parents with a vegetable in an asylum. Of course if the cog can’t bear the load, it breaks off, and the one behind it and the one behind that so that the whole gear is stripped and the machine stops. To laymen, such as your parents, you would simply appear to die.” 


Part Two

Chapter One


“I need to see you in private, Brother Fairchild.” Nell’s voice echoed back through the phone at her, thick and hoarse.
“I’ll be right over.”
“Not here. Rusty is watching the kids for me here. And not at your office if you don’t mind. I don’t want anyone from church to see me or hear me.”
“I understand. When I lost Wilma I felt the same way. I knew other people couldn’t grieve as I did.”
“I wish it were that simple... I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way. I wish I could grieve.”
“Shall I meet you at my house?”
“Please, if I won’t be keeping you from things you need to do?”
“Helping you is what I need to do, if I can.”
“This will take awhile. It’s a problem that started in high school.”
“Your high school...that was yesterday to me, my dear. Don’t worry about time, I have from now on.”
A half hour later she sat in the old man’s sun-drenched narrow kitchen at a table covered with an ivory linen table cloth. Fragrance from a bush of crimson and white carnations beneath a west window mixed with that of strong coffee and inundated the kitchen. At the end of the table, Brother Fairchild’s blue suit-coat hung over a chocolate brown chair back.
“Cream and sugar?” he asked.
“Black, thanks.”
“Me too,” he said. His red tie disappeared down his blue vest and peeked out the bottom beside a gold watch fob that hung from his vest pocket. He sat out two cups and saucers of thin, white china with gold filigree patterns around the rims and over the handles, and poured coffee from a silver pot and sat down. “Please, go one.” 
“It was the Saturday morning following EB’s win over KC. Phil and I were at Ken-Ken’s Drive Inn up on Nile where some KC boys came looking for trouble--Phil was happy to accommodate them. He suggested that he and the biggest kid meet that night in an orchard on Weedpatch Highway. They left and I said to Phil, ‘You’re going to fight this guy over a football game?’”
“It’s not over the game.”
“Then for what, Phil?”
“You heard him call me a dumb Okie.”
“And I’m calling you one too, and a fool.”
“This was..?” Brother Fairchild asked.
“Our senior year, nineteen-fifty-three.”
“I remember the game, although I didn’t see it.”
“Phil and I had gone together since we were freshmen. I told him that if he was going to fight over a football game he’d better find himself another girlfriend.” Her eyes were red but dry. She took a deep breath. “That didn’t stop him. He went to the orchard, and like a fool, I went too–why I’ll never know. Maybe concern–the guy was twice Phil’s size. Maybe just morbid curiosity like everyone else. But Phil didn’t take me. I drove out alone.” 
She sipped her coffee and remembered. 
The dirt road led a hundred yards into an apricot orchard on the west side of Weedpatch Highway and dead-ended in a turn-around for an abandoned oil well. Car lights flashed through the trees and the place turned into a buzzing arena. The girl’s hair had set in bobby-pins and Toni home permanents all day. They wore poodle skirts and polished cotton peddle pushers, and hung on the arms and necks of boys in pastel checkered shirts and Levi jeans. Kern County dust rolled in with Okie jalopies and customized hot rods of hand rubbed red and yellow candy-apple lacquer, and mingled with the moonlight and perfume and pomade and teenage sweat and beer and cigarette smoke and cokes, and made it all abstract. Nell seemed just outside herself as if observing it from a distance the way one observes a drive-in movie in passing: the actors dance, their lips move, and the observer gropes in the silent screen for a line of script, a hint of a storyline, but hears only the hum of the highway.
Was this fight a function of social psyche never formalized? a rite of passage from one level of social responsibility to another of more significance? She didn’t think so. Those were car radios blaring, not ceremonial drums. These colorful costumes bore no ritual significance, just the immediate fashion. Fad was the thing, a glorious extravagance.
“Holy mother of God!” a boy said when she walked by.
His buddy said, “I’d crawl over a mile of smashed beer bottles just to smell one of her farts.”
“Nellie! Nellie!” a girl called, “We’re over here. Those are KC guys.”
Nothing happening in this gathering was intrinsically worthwhile, nothing of social significance. Should someone down the years look back and say, “That was the night I decided...” and go on to tell how that dusty orchard moonlight moved him toward something meaningful, it would be so only if that person found meaning within himself, because there was none in this fight. She was ashamed to be here. Most in the group who had just included her–“We’re over here”–considered her aloof, not among the “we” with whom they hung out. None took college prep courses or worked on the school newspaper; none took Debate; few worked for more than a passing grade; many had dropped out of school and gone to work.
What she had in common with them was Bakersfield. Their parents, like hers, ended up here by way of the same circumstances: a depression; a drought that dried up Oklahoma and blew it away; and letters from long gone relatives that said come to California, there’s work here. Their migration was minor compared to that of Armenians fleeing Turks, Irish fleeing Englishmen, or Jews fleeing Nazis.  They came for cotton and spuds and fruit and grapes. Still, if Bakersfield was not Hell, it was a limbo of sorts, not home, but neither was Oklahoma. None of the Okies of Nell’s age knew Oklahoma intimately, few had been back since they left, many were born here. And yet, Oklahoma predominated in their conversations, in their thoughts and in their dreams.
But they brought no culture from Oklahoma. The state was Indian Territory until nineteen-hundred-seven and most of the white men who lived there had come for the land rush of eighteen-eighty-nine. Fifty or sixty years is not much time in which to create a culture. Nor was Oklahoma home to most of the Indians there. They had been driven there from somewhere else, under much harsher circumstances than those that drove the Okies to California. Phil might fight over a personal insult but no culture was being defended in this apricot orchard tonight.
Nell was more puzzled at Skid Farrell’s presence than at her own. In his way he was the most aloof student in school, even if he was captain of the varsity football team. Never unfriendly or unkind, but not outgoing either. He seemed always drawn to something visible only to himself. She was sure he never gave her a second thought. 
The two fighters squared off in the center of a half circle of car lights that cast shadows and counter shadows over every curve of their bodies, stripped to the waist. Phil was square shouldered and thick in the chest, and his biceps bulged from a summer of bucking hay. The other guy was barrel-chested, well over six feet tall, and hairy. His neck rose pyramid-like from massive shoulders.
Phil circled him, holding both fists high like a boxer in an old brown photograph, a pose at once majestic and ridiculous. Somebody yelled, “We got John L. Sullivan here.” Everybody laughed. The big, hairy-chested guy swung. Phil faded to the left and came with an overhand right that caught the kid in the heavy meat of his left eyebrow. His blond hair flashed in the car lights like a school of minnows and blood gushed all over his face and the laughing turned to oohs and aahs.
As a student, Phil was methodical, patient and resolute. His grades were good and he won the attendance award every year in elementary school. The same methods worked for him tonight. He measured the speed and range of the KC guy’s fists, and noted the gestures that broadcast his every swing. He smiled and waited for the next one. It went wide and Phil followed with a counter punch to the lower left rib cage. The kid flinched and covered.
Every fist of the big guy went wide or was warded off by Phil’s shoulders or arms, and was followed by a counter punch that the guy knew was coming but had no idea from where. His flailing was sapping his energy. Nell turned in disgust and started back to the car. At that moment the big kid lunged and caught Phil around the waist in a bear-hug that bent Phil’s back to breaking. Nell almost rushed in, but before she did, Phil began with short, hard punches to the guy’s eyes and nose. He buried his face between Phil’s shoulder and head, and Phil dropped to the rib-cage. The kid flinched with every punch. Nothing to do but turn loose--take the beating Phil was intent on giving him. He released the bear-hug and came with a right that carried no more authority than the weight of his arm. It was the only blow he landed all night and he regretted it immediately. A hard right caught him on the left side of his nose and pushed it to the right side of his face. Blood gushed from both nostrils and carried all his strength with it.
Skid ran in and caught Phil from behind in a bear-hug that pinned his arms to his sides. “Enough!”
The kid slumped forward from the waist and fell straight back on his butt, just in front of the ruined fender of Skid’s nineteen-thirty-nine Plymouth. His legs formed a V and his toes pointed in opposite directions. He gathered his heavy fists between his legs and leaned forward and bled in the dirt. Nell thought he was going to cry.
“Any you other KC bastards want some of this?” Phil called.
“Dammit, Phil, enough’s enough,” Skid said. He walked over to the KC guy on the ground and squatted beside him. Nell was sure he said, “I’m sorry.” He stood up and turned to the KC crowd for help. What he got was the soles of the shoes of another guy who vaulted the hood of his old Plymouth and kicked straight at his face.
Skid fell away and caught a glancing blow to his left shoulder. “No more! This guy’s hurt,” he said.
The KC guy landed on his butt beside his buddy who was just getting up. It might all have ended right there, but somebody laughed a high donkey like laugh.
The guy gathered himself off the ground and let fly a haymaker intended to take Skid’s head off. Skid moved his head and the missed haymaker almost took the kid to the ground again. Everybody laughed then. 
He tried a left this time. Skid moved again–more laughter.
Then Skid came with a right straight from the shoulder and caught the kid on the point of the chin. The kid crumpled in a heap then stiffened straight out in the dirt, his left hand rose six inches off the dirt and quivered for two seconds and fell.
“God-all-mighty,” Skid cried, “I’ve killed him.”
The kid’s pants were suddenly soaked and the whole place stunk of piss and shit.
“Somebody run down to Banducci’s and call an ambulance,” Skid yelled.
A small boy in black polished slacks rushed in from the KC crowd and knelt beside the prone boy and opened his shirt and began fanning. Nell thought inanely, “You’ll get your dress pants dirty.” He felt for a pulse and said to Skid, “I think he’s alright.”
When it occurred to the crowd that someone had left the orchard headed for a phone, car doors slammed and tires spit gravel like hail. Headlights flashed in every direction, forming a steady stream toward Bakersfield.
Nell watched Skid working over the kid he had just punched and wondered how long she had been in love with him.
“Now don’t get excited,” Phil said to Skid. “Everybody saw it was self defense.”
The unconscious boy blew out a long puff of air that Nell took for a death rattle. Then his chest rose and his nostrils flared and his breath began to suck and blow rhythmically through his passive lips.
Nell left the orchard and drove south on Weedpatch Highway half a mile; a mile west on Red Bank Road; and a mile north on Fairfax to Edison Highway. There she waited for three cop cars and an ambulance to pass on Edison. Sirens screamed, red lights flashed, and at the orchard they found Coors and Coke bottles, Corn-Nut bags, sunflower seed hulls, cigarette butts and wet spots among the trees.


Chapter Two


Light fell over the hardwood floor from two tall, narrow windows on each side of the front door. It brought out the reds in the wood paneling and in the carpet pattern. Skid might have owned a room lined with books like this, had he ever been able to think straight. Might have been a college professor.
“No more coffee?” Brother Fairchild called from the kitchen.
A little while ago its aroma blended with the fragrance of the flower garden in the shade outside the open kitchen window and made the morning. The flower garden was awash in sunlight now and its fragrance subdued. The coffee smelled old.
“No thanks.”
“I drink it all day I’m afraid.” He brought the silver pot on a silver tray with his cup and saucer, and set it on the coffee table, and sat down on the couch. “Go ahead, please.”
“Within a week from the fight, Phil found himself another girlfriend, which was fine with me because I thought of Skid all the time--and pursued him. Shortly, he and I were dating. We didn’t show it much at church. As you know, Phil was no church goer. But in high school he used to bring me to church occasionally, and Skid and I didn’t want people to think that I had broken things off with Phil so as to go with Skid. Around other people we showed our affection gradually you might say. We went steady from November to the first of May and planned to be married after high school. And that, I have never told anyone except my mom and dad.”
“Be assured that I won’t either.”
Nell sat in a blue, overstuffed chair in the corner. Sunlight came in through a large window on her right. On her left was the couch, and between the chair and the couch, a blond wood end-table on which Brother Fairchild set his coffee cup and saucer.
Nell wound a white handkerchief through her fingers and dabbed her eyes. “We talked about living in LA, he attending UCLA and I Pepperdine. That dream fell through and I didn’t feel like following any new ones.”
“I wondered why you didn’t go to college--Skid too, for that matter, although around that time, the end of high school, everything seemed to go haywire for him.”
“I don’t know what, but I know when–May of Fifty-four, at a speech tournament in Irvine. Not the tournament itself, but...at Mount Wilson...”
“The observatory?”
“Yes. It was part of a tour the high school arranged for the speech team while we were down there. Skid and I stood on a large glass floor and looked down into the universe as seen through the telescope. A billion stars and we were right in the middle of them. Romantic to me--Skid was terrified. I had to pry my hand free from his, it was sore for a week. Our team raked in the accolades at that tournament. Had Skid visited the observatory before the tournament, instead of after, we wouldn’t have done nearly so well. He was the brains and leader of the team. The incident on the observatory floor silenced him for the rest of the trip, except for what he told me on the bus home. He said that if anything happened to him, I could be sure that he would never love anyone the way he loved me. Of course something did happen, he stopped calling me, stopped seeing me. No explanation, just stopped; began running around with Jed Wrangle and every girl he laid eyes on 
“Did you argue?”
“Skid is no arguing man. I tried to several times, or at least to approach him. Certainly I didn’t want it to end. He told me to make up with Phil, that I would never find a man as good as him. I was furious. Then I thought that he was concerned that he might have betrayed Phil. He assured me that that wasn’t it. So I Figured that maybe it was because I warded off his advances–his hands, to be blunt about it.”
“I understand.”
“Had Skid given me a second chance, during that time, I wouldn’t have. He would have gotten what he wanted and maybe everything would have been settled irretrievably. But he didn’t. So I decided to back off, give him some room. After graduation he went to work on a drilling rig his dad pushed. By the end of summer he was at Fort Ord for basic training. His folks told me he had signed up for the draft the end of May. From Fort Ord he went to Fort Campbell Kentucky for Airborne training, and I never heard a word more from him. Phil asked me for a date and I said yes.
“Was Phil in love with you through this?”
“In his way. Phil was not sentimental, not expressive. Skid was. He hated his sentimentality and couldn’t get rid of it. Phil had little sentimentality, and most of that was toward Skid. I don’t think Phil loved anyone as much as he loved Skid, which made two of us.”
“Did you love Phil back then”
“I’ve always loved Phil. He was secure and comfortable and easy to love. The fight in the orchard distorts the usual picture of him. I guess that’s why my reaction to it was so strong. My love for him carried none of the complications of my love for Skid. Eventually I accepted things as I thought they would always be, and came to believe that if I had everything to do over again, I would have made the choice that Skid made for me.”
“How about other boys?”
“There were several who wanted to date me. Sometime they would come by my house and visit. I never dated any of them. A couple guys I might have married are now successful business men in town. Occasionally I thought of them, how it might have been living in a nice house, nice furniture and dinnerware. Just daydreams about situations and people I would not have been comfortable with nor they with me, nothing I would have traded my place with Phil for. But I seldom thought of Skid, and never about Skid and me. That morning I suddenly realized why--it was too painful.”
“What morning was that?”
“The morning of the day Phil was killed. Twice in my married life I ached for Skid so much that I could hardly stand it. That morning I went out in the front yard to see if the grass was too wet for the kids to play outside, and there was his car broke down a block up the street. That car was so typically him–it brought it all back. There I was inside the all-American white picket fence, knowing that Skid had spent the night with a woman–probably with her at that very moment--and wishing I were her.”
“You said there were two times.”
“Yes. Phil never imagined that our wedding night was a tragedy for me--I wanted so much for the first time to be with Skid.”
“I would guess that Skid felt the same as you, many times. Did you ever feel that he was protecting you from himself? That he was falling and was afraid he would drag you down with him?”
“You mean back in high school?”
“Yes.”
“I did. And I wrote him several letters about it when he was in the army. But he never answered.”
“Are you aware that Skid’s eldest uncle–George Dougherty–committed suicide?”
“I had no idea.”
“He was probably six or seven years older than I, handsome and intelligent–Skid is the image of him. I looked up to him, as did everybody. He went to France in the First World War, came home, sold his horses and got into cross country auto racing. Did well too, became the hero of Oklahoma for awhile. Then one day, in the middle of his success, he hanged himself.”
“I never heard of it.”
The old man pulled himself up and looked at his wall of books, then at her. He tilted the silver pot over his cup and the last bit of cold coffee spilled out. He sat back down and said, “Some of these books I have had virtually all my life and never read. I’ll die before I do. Maybe in the next life I’ll read them in the original. It’s exciting to know that such a universe of ideas and beauty can’t be absorbed in a lifetime. I get the idea from your description of Skid at the observatory that such a prospect of the infinite might leave him without moorings.” He looked over the rims of his glasses. “You know he’s still in the hospital?”
“No.”
“Yes. Until a bed is found for him in a mental ward. He’s becoming a vegetable.”


Chapter Three


Air wheezed from the pneumatic door-closer, the brushed aluminum handle popped into place with a metallic click, and Nell stood still until her eyes adjusted from the bright hall lights to the room’s dark interior. Drapes along the whole southern wall blocked out the outside world. But for a tiny hole in the ceiling from which shined a light over the bed, the room was black. Curtains that hung from tracks in the ceiling were pulled back to the wall on either side of the bed and tied. Crowded on a table before the drapes and in front of an inset mirror and around the sink were vases of roses and daises and various hyacinths infused with baby’s-breath, all black and white in the shadows.
“I wish I could have gotten in to see you before you slipped into this coma,” Nell said as she approached Skid’s body. It lay perfectly still beneath the sheet. “But I only found out about it today–yesterday actually; it’s after twelve. That’s when you’re most active isn’t it? I had some things I wanted to tell you when you were fully alert, Skid. One of them is about how life is so ironical. For instance: I would have brought you flowers but I left all I had at Phil’s grave.”
His eyelids never moved.
“Such a paradox that yours are the most loving, sharing parents in the world and you’re such an irresponsible, egotistical son-of-a-bitch. I just came from their house.”
Still no movement, not even rapid eye movement beneath the lids.
“I didn’t feel right about lying to them. They were afraid a visit from me might send you further along your way. ‘Is it that bad,’ I said, feigning regret. ‘If there’s a chance he can hear me, he needs to know that I forgive him.’ They’re so innocent–they believed me. I’ll never forgive you, Skid.”
She pulled the draw string, hand over hand, and the drapes parted and traveled to opposite walls. The street lamps along Flower Street cast up their dull luminescence through the windows and across the white foam-board ceiling. The flowers took on something of their reds and yellows and whites. Her long fingers wrapped around the crank and opened the windows to cool, moist air. The beige curtains stirred and she caught her breath in the way of a child after a long cry. 
“It stinks in here. The nurse said you were incontinent--I spared her any humor. Curious how adult shit stinks so much more than a baby’s. Why, it was only yesterday that I was changing baby diapers. I miss it, but I’m glad to see it end too. You have to let them grow up. I bet God is tired of changing your diapers.”
She pulled a wheeled tray away from the head of the bed and pulled a red plastic chair with maple arm rests in its place and sat down. Skid lay flat on his back and made the sheets rise and fall in regular shallow breathing as if they were alive and not he. His genitalia made hardly a hump.
“But God means nothing to you. He shares his attention with a whole universe and you want it all. You’ve become quite anti-religious if the writer of the book of James is accurate in his description of pure religion: ‘...to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep oneself unspotted from the world.’ You’ve not just failed to visit the fatherless and the widows, but made them, and spotted every sheet in the world.”
She leaned back against the cool plastic and stretched her arms and hands along the arm rest. Her soft cotton dress with small brown leaves as subtle as her freckles settled over her knees and between her long rounded thighs.
“The nurse warned me not to talk about anything that might disturb you because there is a chance you hear. She told me to use low, even tones. I prefer to scream but I won’t; I don’t want to disturb her. I don’t in the least care if I disturb you. Here, let me whisper in your ear. If anyone comes in they’ll think we’re old lovers.”
She pulled the chair nearer the bed and leaned over and her lips touched his ear. His hair was less than an inch long and the stitches in his scalp looked like seams in a coat of cheap sparse fur. The gash had closed and crusted over and smelled like spoiled bacon painted with Mercurochrome.
“The truth is, I wish the right man had been killed.” She spoke evenly and enunciated each syllable, and sent her voice in puffs that sounded like a morse code. “The only thing that ever penetrated your self-absorbed skull was a shotgun barrel. If I can get a message through that crack it is this: when you killed Phil you left two orphans nearly destitute. Rusty will baby-sit and I’ll work–who knows, the Roughneck may need a barmaid if it can afford it. I hear it’s going in the hole--half its business is laid up in the hospital. Anyway, we’ll make it. You left me once without an explanation and I wanted to die. Now I couldn’t die if I wanted to, I have kids to support. Ruining your own life doesn’t satisfy you, you have to ruin as many as you touch.”
She went to the window and cranked it shut. and tossed over her shoulder on her way out, “I’ll leave you to gas yourself,” 
“Wait.”


Chapter Four


The wind whistled in the telephone lines and lashed the thin willow on the west side of the house--a rough night for derrick men trapped a hundred foot aloft. On nights like these, she used to bathe after the kids were asleep and read till Phil came home.
Her bare feet protruded from the long legs of Levi jeans; her white-sleeved arm lay along the table and her slim finger clung like a fishhook to the teacup. The wind crept under doors and through window sills and probed the fresh aroma of coffee.
Nell studied Rusty over the thin, white porcelain rim, took a sip of coffee and set the cup down. The table top was an infinity of varicolored purple chips sunk in a matrix of clear plastic bound by chrome. Chrome and purple plastic chairs matched the table. But a tall, double highchair of knotty pine on the other side of the table from Rusty matched nothing in the kitchen. Beneath its laquer the veins and knots appeared to be wet with sap.
This chair was a prototype of Nell’s and Phil’s master plan to redo the kitchen. It was to have set at a breakfast nook framed in knotty pine, open to the living room. They had planned to build a matching wainscot around the kitchen, with flowered wall paper running from its top to the ceiling. Phil had drawn up plans for a table and benches of knotty pine to replace the plastic table and chairs.
Rusty half lay in his chair, suspended there by his right arm that stretched down the table’s edge, and his left that hung over the back of the chair. His hand dangled as lifeless as Christ’s in a Pieta. He closed one eye and rolled his head from side to side and up and down, following some pattern the one-hundred watt bulb cast on the white-on-white blocked linoleum. Nell knew he wanted to cruise the drive-ins on North Chester but was afraid he’d get caught again without a licence. Next time a ticket, the cops promised, no more warnings. She hoped he wouldn’t hit on the idea of using her car instead of his dad’s which the cops were on the alert for. She didn’t want to disappoint him, but he could do with a little patience. Next month he would turn sixteen and could get his license. He lifted a Pepsi and took a long pull.
Nell said, “Skid Farrell has offered to support the kids.”
Rusty jerked upright, banged down the Pepsi and slapped his palms on the table. The Pepsi effervesced in his throat and brought tears to his eyes. “He did what!”
“Keep it down, Rusty, you’ll wake the kids. I said Skid Farrell has offered to support the kids and I’ve accepted his offer.”
Pimples flared across his forehead. “Dad said he’s in a coma and headed for the nuthouse, if he don’t die first.”
“He’s out. He’ll be back to work in a week.”
“You’re gonna take money from that bastard? Don’t you have any pride?”
She wanted to reach across and slap him. “I have two kids and no income--that dampens my pride.”
“You have Social Security.”
“That’s no income. It won’t even make payments on the house. Do you think Phil would like it if I had to sell the house?”
He shoved away from the table and the legs of his chair chattered across the linoleum. “Daddy won’t let you do it.”
“He has no choice. It’s been five years since he was hit, Rusty. And he’s getting worse, not better. He can hardly walk. Don’t mention it to him, he’s bitter enough as it is.”
Rusty walked along the kitchen counter, running his palms along its edge.
“I take it you didn’t have insurance.”
She wrinkled her forehead and turned her palms up. “Who can afford insurance?”
“But you’re hoping Mom and Dad will think it’s insurance.”
“For awhile. I need time to adjust to it myself. I would tell Mom but she can’t keep a secret from Dad.” She shook her head, “But he’s not supporting me, he’s supporting the kids.”
“It’s the same thing.”
“No it’s not. If it weren’t for the kids I wouldn’t take it. I have no right to turn it down.”
“How do you know this stuff–about him being out of the hospital and all? And why are you telling me? You know I hate the bum.”
“I need your support, Rusty.” For Christ’s sake, he’s fifteen.
He collapsed back into his chair and rested his elbow on the table and cradled his chin in the palm of his right hand. The thick fingers of his left hand traced their way across the pimples on his forehead. “I’m trying, Sis, I’m trying.”
“A psychologist from the police department, Doctor Dan Schulenberger, told me Saturday. He came over to ask what I did that brought Skid out of his coma.”
His hand plopped down on the table and he glared at her. “You visited Skid?”
“‘Visit?’ No. I needed to tell him what kind of heel he was before he died, even if he couldn’t hear me.”
“And he came to?”
“Yes.”
“You might of saved his life.”
She said nothing.
“I wish you had let him die.”
“You hardly know him, Rusty.”
“I know he stayed all night with somebody’s wife and got Phil killed.”
She laid her glasses on the table and wiped her eyes with a dishtowel she held in her lap. 
“Daddy hates him,” he said.
“Daddy hates a lot of people. He hates Skid for reasons you don’t know.”
“What reasons?”
“When we were seniors, Skid and I were in love for awhile. We planned to be married.”
“You planned to marry Skid Farrell?”
“Yes.”
“I never heard of it.”
“Mom and Dad knew. It was during a time when Phil and I had quarreled and stopped dating.”
“Skid must have been crazy even then. Phil said you were the prettiest girl in... Did Daddy make you break up with him?”
It never occurred to her that her little brother could see her as beautiful.
“That was the last thing Daddy wanted. The Farrells made good money, their kids went to college... Skid was different then, a phenomenon.”
“So was Phil.”
“In a different way.”
“I don’t want to hear anything good about him. I wish he was dead.”
“If it would bring Phil back, so do I–so does he.” She studied his eyes. “If I had the bank refuse Skid’s deposits into my account, that would kill him. Is that what you want me to do, Rusty?”
He looked away. “Why ain’t you wearing your ring?”
Nell’s freckles broke out in splotches and her eyes flooded over. She snatched off her glasses with her right hand and buried the dishtowel into her face with her left.
“I’m sorry Sis. I...”
She felt his large hand cover hers.
“I took it off yesterday” she said through the dishtowel. “I didn’t want to be reminded.”
“Mommy! Mommy! The wind is... The wind is...” Callie stood at the door of the hall in a yellow flowered nightgown that drug the floor.
Rusty crossed the kitchen and snatched her up, and her legs grabbed him like monkey arms. “You want Marauder to protect you?” he said. He carried her over to the door into the washroom and opened it and Marauder burst past. Callie pushed herself off of Rusty’s shoulder and squealed, “Rauder.” He put her down and she rushed into her bedroom after Marauder. Rusty followed her.
Nell took a can of Raid from under the sink and blasted four flies who slept on the ceiling in the corner over the washroom door. The flies were gone and with them the aroma of coffee and rain. A heavy chemical taste settled on her tongue. In the children’s room she heard Rusty tell Callie, “No, no. Mommy doesn’t want him under the cover.”
When Doctor Schulenberger was there Saturday, Callie pointed at his teeth and said, “bwoun.” He laughed and said, “Only the bottom one’s Sweetheart–it’s pipe tobacco. Don’t ever smoke a pipe.” A picture of that sent Will to cackling.
Rusty came from the children’s room. “Listen, Sis, I’ll quit school and find a job.”
Nell snapped the cap on the Raid and stuck the can under the sink and pulled the child safety spring back and fastened the hook on the cabinet door. “You can’t quit school; you’re not sixteen. Even if you could, do you think I would let you quit school to support me? What kind of pride would that be?”
Outside, the wind ripped the leaves from the willow. Nell’s body was reconfiguring itself to the contours of its new world and it felt like the socket of a pulled tooth. She ached for Phil to come down out of his cold derrick and into her bed. The children were already becoming accustomed to not having a father. In six months he would be buried deep in their psyche until some dream or earthquake in their lives opened his grave and he came forth to reminded them of how much they missed him.
Nell rinsed her coffee cup under the faucet, turned it upside down in the dish drainer, and turned the percolator off.


Part Three

Chapter One


Cowboy Fowler’s large life teetered on two long, sloped riding heels that chewed to threads the back bottoms of his Levi pant legs. The front bottoms lay in folds from under which his grey boot toes turned up like rockers. He always smelled of Old Crow whisky but was seldom drunk and never sober. His cowboy hat was sweat ringed and Kern County brown. Beneath his belly a bronze calf-roping championship belt buckle tilted toward the ground.
Two long fingers fished a pack of cigarette papers from his shirt pocket. He peeled off a sheet and stuck the pack back and furrowed the paper and pulled out a bag of Bull Durham and loosed the cord with one hand and shook tobacco in the furrow, cinched the cord with his teeth and his left thumb and finger and stuck the bag back into his pocket, the string and tab hanging out. He spread the tobacco and rolled it up in the paper, licked the edges and twisted the ends and stuck the cigarette into his mouth. His right thumb was a stub. At the age of twenty-four he half-hitched it to a saddle horn when his horse hunkered to a stop against a heavy Wyoming steer.
His left thumb nail scratched twice at a match head. “By God, let there be light,” he said. The match flared and Cowboy held it to his cigarette and took a long draw. He was a handsome man with hanging jowls. His nose showed none of the red veins of a heavy drinker. He studied the long seam that creased Skid’s scalp. “Helluva gash, Gertie.”
Skid said nothing.
“Wanna go to Alaska with me, or send me into exile with Rick Bilby?”
Skid wasn’t sure the question was as simple as Cowboy was putting it. On the other hand he had never known Cowboy to be subtle.
How many fingers am I holding up?
Four, Coach.
You better sit out a couple downs.
Five counting your thumb, sir.
You better sit out a couple.
“I’d like to go.”
Cowboy lifted his hat and smoothed back his grizzled hair. “I told Paul Williams you probably would. He has you pegged for my job on Rig Three.” His cigarette was smoked down to shreds of tobacco and paper between his finger and calloused stub. “That job is still yours if you’d rather stay down here.”  He drew on the butt and dropped it in the sand and twisted his boot sole over it. “I spent a week scouring the Kenai Peninsula. Not bad. They tell me it’s not near as cold as winter in Wyoming.”
“Who’ll care for your stock?”
“Horse and three cows?” He waited while a McMahon furniture van rumbled by on Sterling Road. “I’ll find some wet-back to watch ‘em.” Whisky had washed the edges of his grey eyes into the whites like broken egg yolks. He was a couple years older than Skid’s dad, with whom he had been friends since nineteen-thirty-six. Bill Farrell had never set foot on a rig floor when he left Oklahoma, although the state was forested with abandoned wooden and steel derricks. Cowboy Fowler met him the first week he was in California and put him to work racking pipe. Within three months he was a driller with a crew of four. His expertise grew as did his friendship with Cowboy. The difference in their personal lifestyles did nothing to hamper their affection for each other and less to enhance it. 
“You won’t be drilling, you’ll be pushing. I’ll get the crews together and you’ll engineer Rig Five for cold weather. We have several months work on her before she’s ready to ship out--and some gettin’ ready up there.”
“I’ve never outfitted a rig for hard winters.”
“A welder out of Kenai, Jeff Wallace, is coming down to help us with the cold part. Your imagination will create conditions he never dreamed of.”
A mocking bird leaped and sang in every direction in the hayfield across Sterling Road. Over Cowboy’s shoulder, a peroxide blond in a white halter top, sandals and cut-off jeans lugged a cardboard box of laundry around the corner of the washhouse. Her kinky hair was bound in a rubber band and hung like an undocked sheep tail down her back. She smiled and nodded good morning and disappeared through the door. A sandy headed girl of about three years old waved and followed her in.
“Your company car comes with a two-way radio, but you need a phone in your house.”
“I’ll rent an apartment over by the office.”
“And leave all this.” The sweep of his arm took in the washhouse and trashy tamaracks and this cabin at the end of a dirt drive–nothing to Cowboy.
But to Skid it was one of two places that sheltered him and asked nothing in return that he did not wish to give. The other was the rig. It asked efficiency in maintaining equipment and drilling oil wells--commodities Skid took pleasure in giving.
“When do you want to start?” Cowboy said.
“Now.”
Cowboy stuffed his papers and Bull Durham back into his pocket. “Nothin’ like a little breathing room. Hop in. I’ll drive you to the yard and your new car.”
“I’ll drive mine. I want it cut up for scrap.”
“That’ll shut ‘em up that say you’re still crazy.”
Skid watched the big white Ford hump across the gutter and burst onto Sterling Road heading south, its antenna flailing the air. On its door, the three words of the company’s insignia formed the sides of a pyramid: “Accuracy-Consistency-Integrity.”


Chapter two


It began as a growl, gathered like a B-58 Hustler and crashed; the corrugated steel shop rumbled and the drawings on Skid’s desk fluttered. He waited till the second half of the shop doors was rolled open and called to Cowboy: “That welder out there?” 
“Jesus Christ! This coffee tastes like caustic soda.”
“I like it strong.”
“Me too, but goddam, this shit wont run through a viscosity funnel.”
“Seen the welder?”
“He ain’t due for another half hour. He’s got better things to do than spend all his time this damned shop.”
Skid stepped to his office door and watched Cowboy pull the steaming aluminum ground-basket out of the pot with a pair of pliers, and drop it into the sink, and dump the two handled stainless steel pot over it. A blue National duplex pump, with a bull wheel as tall as a man, dominated the shop floor. Alongside it coiled a four inch, black rotary hose. The shop, a third the size of a football field, faced east. Daylight fell through the open doors and held Cowboy in silhouette. He twisted his face away from the steam and scowled at Skid.
“This stinks like last week’s.”
“Yesterday’s. I reheated it.”
Skid walked to the head of the pump, knelt down and leaned his cheek against the valve pot and felt under the belly of the left cylinder for a drain plug. He stood up, brushed off his Levis, fingered his pant legs over the top of his brown Wellington boots and walked out to the front of the shop and looked down Fruitvale Road.
Cowboy called after him, “Wearing a hair shirt’s one thing, but drinkin’ this shit will kill ya.”
A hundred yards south stood a narrow, single story building a hundred foot long, separated from Rosedale Highway by a ribbon of lawn: Pyramid’s main office. For twenty-two years it occupied twenty acres at the corner of Rosedale Highway and Fruitvale Road. Paul Williams paid off the property and made a bundle during the Second World War when the government allowed a ninety cent on the dollar tax write-off for companies who could help supply the country with oil. He did, and built the shop in nineteen-fifty.
Two miles east of the office, Rosedale Highway crossed Kern River and entered Bakersfield city limits. The Kern was a thin, silver cord this time of year, threading its way through a quarter mile wide bed of grey pea gravel.
Skid stood in the shop door and looked east toward the Tehachapi Mountains. The sky was a tattered quilt of various pieces of grey, in the center of which, a blur marked the position of the sun. An oil speckled Ideco portable work-over rig rolled south on Fruitvale Road and the driver waved. Trailing along behind was an oily, International crew-cab pick-up with three hands inside. To Skid’s left, out of sight behind the shop, a pump-jack groaned with an up-stroke load of oil, and sighed on its see-saw stroke down. Another, a half mile east in a cotton field across Fruitvale Road, raised and lowered its head in agreement.
Skid distinguished in the ubiquitous stink of crude the aroma of cotton nearing harvest. He stepped out to where the cement shop floor descended into the sand. Cotton supplied his spending money when he was a kid, and bought new school clothes. Unlike the families of many of his friend’s, his did not need the money he made picking and chopping cotton and working in the fields. But he was expected to make and manage money and he did. 
Suddenly a yellow Steerman biplane exploded over his left shoulder, cleared the telephone wires on the other side of Fruitvale Road by inches, dropped almost into the cotton stalks and laid down a half mile of defoliant.
Cowboy walked up with a fresh rolled cigarette in his mouth, and scratched at a match head. The crop duster pulled up and cleared the wires at the other end of the field. “That silly son-of-a-bitch is gonna kill hisself.” He sucked the flame into his cigarette and said, “What are you so all fired up to see that welder about?”
“I got some ideas about a drainage system for the pumps and tanks–when they’re shut down and a big freeze is on. Ball and socket type system.”
“Hold off on that pump. Paul’ll be interested in your figures on a new triplex.”
“Think you can talk him into one?”
“Maybe.” He flipped the match into the yard.
The crop duster turned on its inner dual wings and its prop hummed, and it fell again onto the cotton at the far end of the field and roared toward them. Cowboy waited till he pulled up and disappeared over the shop and said, “I doubt you’ll see that welder any time soon. He staggered out of the Pig Sty last night on a drunk he’ll never survive.”
“What were you doing in the Pig Sty?”
“Keeping tabs on Jeff Wallace,” he said through his exhale. “He tell ya where he learned to draft and weld?”
“No.”
“A Montana correctional institute. Described it as more of a three year welding program than a high security prison. Ain’t been caught doing anything but workin’ and drinkin’ since he got out two years back, but they cautioned me to keep...”
The crop duster cleared the north side of the shop, and the wires, and dropped over the cotton. Cowboy waited. “...an eye on him. I don’t see how a man can drink the way he does and look so young. He can’t be more than five years off of forty, and looks eighteen. Tried to get me drunk!”
The prop of the Steerman sounded like the hum of retreating bagpipe.
“What was he in for, if it’s any of my business?”
“It ain’t, but I’ll tell you anyway--manslaughter. A fight that got out of hand–maybe an accident. That’s probably all you wanna know.”
It was, but Cowboy was wrong about Jeff’s hangover. His Pyramid welding truck rolled into the yard and he stepped into the morning air like spring steel: pressed Levis, blue denim shirt, and a quilted, black welding cap with a short bill that he grasped with his thumb and forefinger and pulled over his forehead. Jeff’s hair stuck from below the back of his cap and lay on his neck like straw, an exact match to his blond mustache and eyebrows. He was clean shaven and pink, and his eyes were as clear and blue as his long-sleeve shirt. His small, square teeth clinched a toothpick.
Cowboy shook his head and dropped his cigarette butt into the sand and twisted his boot on it. “I should’ve been a psychiatrist.”
“Mornin’,” Jeff chirped, and trailed along behind the two tool-pushers into the shop. “Skid, you lied to me. Said you didn’t know where the action was. I met a couple babes last night who tell me you are the action.” 
Cowboy sailed his hat through his office door and followed Jeff and Skid. Except for compulsory afternoon naps on the leather couch he spent little time inside.
The three men huddled over drafts on Skid’s desk. Cowboy told Jeff to line Jim and Becker out on the enclosure on the monkey board, and as he folded his reading glasses and stuck them into the shirt pocket opposite the one holding his tobacco, “Make sure they service the equipment before they start. You and Skid can decide on what you want to do about draining the tanks, but don’t start on the National till I see Paul about a new triplex.”
“We’ll still need the duplex for a standby,” Skid reminded him.”
“Yeah, you’re right about that; another selling point I’ll use on Paul.”
Cowboy left the room and Skid went over with Jeff the notes and drawings he had made. They finished and Skid said, “That young hand, Brad, seems anxious to work. Hook him up with Herald on the pump. Jim Becker is good but slow. He’d have that kid in a straight jacket by noon.” Cowboy stood in the office door sipping coffee and puffing a cigarette. Skid pulled on his Levi jacket and told Jeff, “We’ll be down at Maud’s for breakfast, after that we got some equipment to look at. You can get us on the horn.”
They were back at ten-forty-five. The yard was empty and the shop welders and exhaust fans dead. They walked from the sun into the shop and slowed their steps till their eyes adjusted to the fluorescence. The crew was in a knot around the radio. Jeff’s face was pale as a cloud, “The president’s been shot.”
The light falling through the open doors, the gleam of the corrugated metal shop, the fluorescent light on the men’s faces and their leather aprons and blue denims, all shattered to prisms. Skid’s hand closed on a peen hammer. He cocked it behind his head, then caught the eyes of old Jim Becker. He laid the hammer down and walked into his office. In fifteen minutes John F. Kennedy was dead.
Cowboy opened his door and said, “I’ve sent ‘em all home. You go home too... Better yet, go to your folks house.”
Skid left the shop for Cowboy to lock up, and headed for Bakersfield. At the stop sign on Rosedale Highway he waited for a tanker truck to roll by. The crop duster dropped over the telephone line at the far end of the field and zoomed toward him, skirting the highway on its final pass. He expected his low flying assault to hang a wheel on a high, irregular stalk and go cartwheeling across the cotton, or catch in the telephone wires on this final pass and flip onto Fruitvale Road. He turned the big Crown Victoria onto the highway and headed east. The Steerman roared by, and the pilot waved; in Skid’s rearview mirror he cleared the wires and banked north. Skid rumbled over the railroad track at the Mohawk refinery. A white and blue flame out of a tall, black pipe held upright by guy wires, distorted the sky behind it. Skid crossed the Kern River bridge, turned right on Oak Street, drove a block south and parked and got out. He waited till the traffic was clear for a block both ways before he crossed–sufficient unto the day are the absurdities thereof; he’d be damned if he’d add another by being run over crossing Oak Street to the Oaken Bucket Liquor Store.
The bulky clerk wore black slacks, a white shirt with sleeve garters, a black string bow-tie and a green plastic visor. Behind him a miniature TV covered the assassination. “Three-eighty-two,” he said. He stuck a pint of Jack Daniels into a paper bag and sat it on the counter
Skid laid a five on the counter. The cash register dinged and shot up numbers and stuck its cash drawer out like a tongue. The man laid a dollar-eighteen in Skid’s palm and studied him under the visor. “Celebrating or mourning?” His black pupils stared from a face as abstruse as a poker dealer’s. 
Skid stuck the dollar into his wallet and the change into his Levi’s watch pocket and walked out. He picked his way back across the street, drove another block and turned left on Twentieth Street. Two blocks east he pulled into the parking lot of the Beech Street Apartments.
They were two stories of beige stucco and bay windows encircling a swimming pool. It was an old complex redone, sprawled beneath sycamores. Much of this side of town was new or made to look new–west was the city’s new tack.
Wrought black iron lined the stairwells and balconies. On days warm as today, normally the wading pool by this time screamed with children whose young tanned mothers lounged on towels or sipped cool drinks on white tables with umbrellas protruding through their centers. Today it was silent. Queen palms grew from beds of polished quartz, and ivy twined among lava chunks that had spewed from the mouths of prehistoric volcanoes.
Skid climbed a cement stairway freckled with pea gravel, and sorted through a ring of nine keys for the one for his door. He switched on the radio and set the Jack Daniels on the breakfast bar, and sat down on the couch.  The same twisted, black iron that formed the banister outside the bay window, supported the couches’s wooden arm rest. He listened to the news until Johnson was sworn in, then got up, switched off the radio and walked into the small kitchen behind the breakfast bar. He took a tray of ice from the refrigerator and a glass from the cabinet. The lever on the ice tray squeaked and popped, and ice rattled into the sink. He rinsed off a hand full of cubes and dropped them into the glass, turned around and pulled the Jack Daniels from the paper bag. Through the breakfast bar that opened onto the living room he caught the reflection of himself peeking around an effeminate bullfighter teasing a sterile bull embossed in black on the mirror on the wall behind the couch. White hair traced the scar over his right ear into his temple, almost to his right eyebrow.
He locked up and descended the stairs. A sprinkling of kids and moms had migrated back to the pool. Some of them waved hello to him as he walked by. He tossed the Jack Daniels, unopened in its paper bag, into the trash bin by the wrought iron fence, and got into his car and drove back to Oak Street and turned south. At Stockdale Highway he turned west and headed into open country. A few new ranch style houses had recently been built along the highway, and a few alfalfa fields put in, but sage brush and creosote still predominated.
Skid drove eight miles and made a right turn into the curved driveway of his folk’s new home. His mom’s Chevy sat in the side drive, but his dad’s Burgess Drilling company Chevy was nowhere to be seen.
The antenna was still whipping when his mother ran out to meet him, her eyes red and swollen, her dress flowing from her tall shapeless bulk.
He stepped out on cement so fresh as to appear wet. Here and there, in the young green sod, poles and chicken wire supported saplings. His mother clung to him and kissed him. Instinctively her fingers traced the scare over his ear. “I know what you’re going through, son.”
Marge Farrell switched off the news and set place mats on the dark finished wood of the kitchen table, and sat out a pitcher of ice tea. They talked about family and the new house, and only about the dead president when the subject bored its way into the conversation.
Then she surprised him. “It’s a good thing, what you’re doing for Nell and the kids.”
“Nell told you? I’m surprised she would talk about it.”
“You shouldn’t be. She wanted me to know what you were doing for her, and she wanted to know how you were doing. Last Sunday was the first time she’s attended church since Phil died.”
“What I’m doing is self preservation, Mom, that’s all.”
“I know. But don’t analyze it too much. Go and see her; she wants to hear from you how you’re doing. And don’t analyze it too much.”
Bill Farrell’s Caprice door slammed and the front door of the house opened, “Everybody okay?”


Chapter Three


At five-thirty in the morning Nell pulled the brass bead chain that turned on the reading lamp on her end table, threw back the covers and swung her long legs over the edge of the bed, sat upright and settled her feet on a circular rug of twisted white and red rag. Her mind and body glowed from a dream the object of which fled her waking world, leaving as it were, only his cloak. She was a deep sleeper and a prolific dreamer, but when her eyes opened she was fully awake. She loved mornings.
She unbuttoned her nightgown and parted it and let it slip from her shoulders, and looked at her image in an oval mirror that hung between two carved fauns. I don’t like those little half men-half goat creatures, Phil had said at the second hand store, But if you do, we’ll buy a couch next time.
The fauns stood on the tops of two rosewood chests of drawers and faced each other, and bore on their shoulders a pole entwined with vines and leaves and bunches of grapes in the center of which hung the mirror. From the front of each of the two drawers in each chest dangled a bronze, elongated grape as a handle.
The fauns grinned at Nell sitting nude, her nightshirt tousled about her bottom, the freckles over her broad shoulders dissipating into the white flesh of her breasts. She put on her red framed glasses to see better what they saw, and blushed. She worked her fingers into the heavy hair behind her neck and pulled two fox tails over her shoulders and laid them over each breast and ran her hands over the curve of her knees and up her long thighs and over her navel that indented her flat belly. She grinned back at the fauns and whispered, “What am I going to do with all of this?”
In the kitchen a percolator she had set on a timer last night heaved and sighed; in two seconds she smelled the aroma of fresh coffee pregnant with the smell of the Christmas tree in the living room. It took her back to her weekend honeymoon at Jack Ranch in the Sierras where the smoke rose into the pines in the early morning and she boiled coffee over an open fire while Phil slept.
She stood in front of the mirror and ran each fox tail between her thumb and fingers and pushed them back over her shoulders and they fell down her back. She let her arms hang free like an Egyptian hieroglyph and looked at herself full on. She turned and studied the profile of her full breasts. Her dimensions were larger now than they were in high school, she was no longer a girl, she was a woman and wanted to be. She twisted this way and that and admired her prominent buttocks and full hips and long legs and the heavy waves of red hair that swung back and forth down her back. “What am I going to do with all of this?”
Like their father, Will and Callie were late sleepers. If they slept through the smell of the fresh coffee the morning was usually all Nell’s. She pulled on her robe and went into the bathroom and washed up and brushed her teeth. She took from a drawer, underwear she had placed there the night before. She removed her robe and put on her panties and bra and pulled on black wool slacks and a white blouse that she had hung behind the door. She propped one foot on the side of the bathtub and tied one low cut, red tennis shoe, and then the other, and stood in front of the medicine chest mirror and brushed her hair and squeezed it into a pony tail low on the back of her head and secured it with a leather barrette and a wooden peg. She slipped on a white house coat with red flowers and stepped quietly out of the bathroom and into the hall and set the thermostat and waited for the hiss and blast of the floor furnace. The kids slept on.
In the laundry room, Marauder’s toenails pecked the linoleum like a typewriter. She opened the back door and he bolted into the darkness. All the fog in the Central Valley had gathered at its southern end and immersed Bakersfield. There was no reddening of the eastern sky. The morning was a dark gray with no single source of light. For all the world, hers was a solitary cabin on an empty prairie. She pulled the house coat about her and held it closed at the neck and stepped out on the porch and closed the door behind her. That was as far as she got--Marauder sprang onto the porch and stutter-stepped before the door like a race horse in a starting gate.
She went back into the house and poured her coffee and read The Sound And The Fury at the kitchen table. After two hours, crumbs and toast crusts lay about her plate and she was satisfied that at last she had gotten through the “Appendix” and understood it. She was almost through “April 7, 1928" when Will appeared in the hall door, stared at the floor and whimpered.
“Oh darling. It’s not your fault,” she said.
The front of his blue pajamas, top and bottom, were soaked. The warm forced air carried the smell of pee out of the hall and into the kitchen. Nell glanced at the clock over the stove–it was eight-fifteen. “I should have waked you sooner. Let’s get you out of those pajamas and run some bath water.”
She pushed the shower curtains back and turned on the tap and adjusted the temperature and rinsed the tub and let it fill while she pulled the pajama top over Will’s head. She heard the door to the children’s room click, and shouted through the closed bathroom door to Callie, “Don’t step on the floor furnace, it’s hot.” The bathroom door nob turned this way and that and Nell reached over and opened the door and Callie came in. She was wet too, through double night diapers.
“You can get in with your brother.”
She helped Will over the side of the tub and started with Callie. When they were both in the water, and the water level where she wanted it, she turned off the water and went into their room and stripped the covers from their beds. These she carried in a bundle into the laundry room, where she discovered why Mauler had made short work of his toilet this morning. “Shit!” She peeked around the bundle in her arms and saw a black turd sticking from beneath her right tennis shoe like a smashed fig. “Dammit!” She laid the covers on top of the dryer. Mauler cowered before the back door, his toenails pecking the linoleum. “Bad dog!” The doorbell rang and she opened the door between the kitchen and the washroom and called to the front door, “One moment.”
Mauler abandoned his usual barking attack on the front door at the sound of the doorbell. He could hardly save the family when his own survival was at stake. Nell opened the back door and he shot through. She slipped out of her right tennis shoe and threw it at him. The back yard fence was a wall of black with the street light of Johnnie Street beyond it barely visible through the fog. The apricot tree was a gray blob.
She tossed her other tennis shoe onto the bundle on the washer and walked barefoot through the living room and peered around the Christmas tree to see if there was a car parked beyond the picket fence. There was--Skid’s Pyramid Drilling company car. She threw her left hand to her mouth and staggered back against the arm of the couch and waited for the room to stop spinning, then she hurried into the children’s room and gathered an armload of plastic toys and carried them into the bathroom and dumped them into the bath with the kids, brushed off her blouse and pulled it straight and went to the front door. Skid stood there in his blue denim Levi jacket and jeans, and in his brown Wellington boots. Nell’s eyes went directly to the thin seam of gray hair over his ear. She steeled herself against crying.
“I thought you wouldn’t come.”
“Should I have?”
“Well, you couldn’t have picked a shittier morning.”
“I can come another time if you’d like.”
“I’m being literal; I just put the kids in the tub and was heading to the washroom to clean up dog mess–welcome to a mom’s world.” She pushed the screen door open and he came in.
“That’s a mess I can clean up.”
A mom’s world or dog shit? “Come on, I’ll show you where it’s at. You can do that while I fix the kid’s breakfast.”
She took Skid to the washroom and opened the door to usher Marauder out.
“Leave him in. He and I can get acquainted.”
She showed Skid the large sink, the trash basket and the paper towels and went out and closed the washroom door and went into the bedroom and opened the bottom left drawer beneath the fauns and fished out one of Phil’s large white handkerchiefs and dabbed her eyes and stuck the handkerchief into her front pocket. She then went into the bathroom.
“You kids having fun?”
“Yeah! Yeah!”
She blew her nose and washed her face and wiped a spot clear in the fog on the mirror and rolled her eyes and pulled her bottom eyelids down and looked at the veins in her eyeballs. She went back into the kitchen and set a pot of coffee to perking, ran water in a saucepan and shook a dash of salt into it and sat it on a burner to heat. Skid came back in and she told him to have a seat at the table. She dashed dry oatmeal onto the rolling water in the saucepan and the boiling stopped and the oatmeal formed a crust over the surface. She turned the flame down and put the round Quaker Oatmeal box away in an upper shelf over the sink.
“Please,” Skid said, “when you want me to leave just say so.”
She took a loaf of bread from the bread box and put two slices into the toaster and pushed it down. “Care for some toast and oatmeal?”
“No thanks. Cowboy and I had breakfast at Maud’s”
The percolator sighed, and the water in the saucepan broke through fissures in the layer of oatmeal and was about to boil again. She turned off the burner and with a wooden spoon pushed the oatmeal evenly into the steaming mass. A sob broke from her chest and she put the spoon down and sidled over to the counter and leaned forward against it and pulled the handkerchief from her front pocket and buried her face in it.
“I’m so sorry,” Skid said. He got up from the table and stood behind her and put his long hands on each of her shoulders. “I wish it had been me instead of him.”
“Shut up! This has nothing to do with that. Don’t talk about it.”
The percolator convulsed and heaved.
“I knew I shouldn’t have come.”
She shook his hands off her shoulders and spun around. “Don’t dare walk out on me before Bizzy Bob.”
“What?”
“Bizzy Bob! Get with it Skid. Bizzy Bob comes on after Kaptain Kangaroo–whom you wouldn’t know either. Bizzy Bob is Bakersfield’s make believe world for children. While they lose themselves in TV, grown-ups do what they do in the real world.”
“You’re making fun of me.”
“Uh huh.”
“It saved my life one time; it may kill me the next. Is that what you’ve got in mind?”
“Hunh uh. Who’d pay the bills?” She dabbed her eyes and smiled.
He said, “I’m not sure I can cope with all this levity.”
She got a coffee cup from the cabinet and filled it and stepped around him and set it on the table across from hers. He sat down and she stood behind him and ran the tips of her fingers along the scare over his ear. “How’s that doing?”
“When Kennedy was killed I thought the little sanity I had left leaked out. I bought a bottle to get drunk with, then came to my senses and didn’t. But I had to go back to the liquor store to see if the clerk was wearing sleeve garters and a green plastic visor.”
She sat back down. “Was he?”
“Yes–thankfully. But I questioned my sanity.”
“You’re not the first.”
“Don’t get smart. I’ll just have to wait and see.”
“Wait and see. Is that what we did in high school?”
“I was afraid...”
“Think it over while I get the kids out; they’re prunes by now.”
She dried off Will and wrapped him in his towel and said, “I laid your clothes on your bed.” He went in to dress and she heard him in the hall ask Skid, “Are you my daddy’s friend?”
“You bet. He was my best friend.”
She dried Callie and took her into the children’s room and dressed her in pants and a shirt and put socks on both kids and told them there would be no going outside today, it was too wet and foggy. “You can guess what’s in the presents under the Christmas tree while I fix your toast and oatmeal.”
The kids followed her into the living room and she turned on the TV and waited for the image of Kaptain Kangaroo to materialize. “The good captain needs company,” she said.
Skid came into the living room. “Mind if I add a few packages to those?”
“Feel free.” She watched him pass before the window, the white seam over his ear reached almost into his eyebrow. She sat on the couch and dabbed her eyes. He returned and put the presents under the tree and she went with him back into the kitchen.
In the living room, wrapping paper crinkled and Will wrestled with the alphabet: “This one’s yours,” he told Callie.
Nell called, “I don’t want to hear any tearing of paper in there.” She turned to Skid: “You were saying?”
“I didn’t want to mess up your life... In high school.”
“You wanted to protect me from you.”
“Yes.”
“It never occurred to you that it looked to me as if you wanted to protect you from me?”
“I suppose. But I hadn’t the wherewith all to do other than I did.”
She dropped a hunk of butter into the oatmeal and buttered the toast. “What, about you, did you feel I needed protecting from? Except for being a little grabby–which I took as a compliment--there was not a nicer boy in school. Everybody knew that.”
“I don’t know.”
“I think I do–you suddenly suspected that nothing was worthwhile.”
“That’s about it.”
“Okay, that life for you and me never took off. What you see this morning is one I chose in its place.”
“And I messed that one up.”
“I said don’t talk about that.” She put sugar and milk into the kid’s oatmeal and mixed it up and put two spoons in it and laid out two napkins and set the bowls on the napkins.
“I was afraid to come here today. If Mom hadn’t insisted, I wouldn’t have.”
“Afraid or didn’t want to?” She didn’t wait for an answer, she took the bowls of oatmeal into the living room and set them on the coffee table and arranged the kid’s places and went back into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at the table.
“You know I wanted to...always have.”
“Had you not, I would have eventually come to you.”
“Why? How is it you don’t hate me?”
“My kids need a loving mom. If I hated you, I would have to hate myself, and for them I can’t do that. I f you’re guilty, so am I. When I saw your car down the street, I knew you were there with a woman. I wanted to be her.”
“Wanted to be her!”
“Yes–that day.”
“Had you ever thought like that before...since you were married?”
“Not awake--I won’t vouch for my dreams. But why that day? I’ve asked myself a thousand times. I don’t know. Maybe God was showing me that given another day like that one, I might have been less virtuous than either of us could imagine.””
Skid pushed his chair away from the table, got up and looked out the window over the sink. “I could hardly see, coming over this morning.” He turned around and leaned against the sink and crossed one long leg over the other and fished a card out of his shirt pocket and studied it, and sat back down. “This morning has given me all I can psychologically handle for awhile.” He studied the card again and reached it across to her. “What I came for, ostensibly, was to ask if you would be the beneficiary on my company life insurance policy–it’s not much. And to give you this card with my phone and radio number. I’ve written my address on the back.”
She let the card hang in the air. “You don’t have something outrageous planned, like suicide, do you?”
“I wouldn’t destroy your hard work.”
“If you do I’ll never trust you again.”
He smiled. She took the card. At the top was Pyramid Drilling Company’s address. At the bottom, his phone and radio numbers. The company logo formed a pyramid in the center: “Accuracy–Consistency–Integrity.”
She followed him into the living room where he studied the kids as he had studied the business card before he gave it to her. Bizzy Bob was just getting into his rendition of “The Night Before Christmas.” This, Nell found ironical, because she knew that Bizzy Bob Eisenstein, a community activist, was a Jew. “Bye kids,” Skid said. They mumbled their reply without turning around.
Nell stepped out with him and closed the door behind her. He held her hands and kissed her, and turned around and walked off the porch, holding her hand as long as he could.
He made a U-turn and the tread of his new tires ground the gravel at the edge of the blacktop. He waved through the window and the Ford made no noise at all in going away. At the stop sign on Norris Road his stop lights flared and went out and he turned right and fell in behind a string of cars heading west.


PART FOUR

Chapter One


Nell’s bare feet were freezing on the slick porch floor. It was originally the west side of the living room floor before Phil moved the living room wall back six feet, built a balustrade in its place, hung a white porch swing from the ceiling at the north end and painted the floor rainproof gray. Skid’s car disappeared down Norris Road and she turned and opened the screen door and grasped the entry door nob when she saw, reflected in the small window at the top of the door, a car ease into the spot Skid had just pulled out of. She closed the screen and watched.
The red Lincoln glistened in the damp morning like a fire engine. Its door opened and revealed, in the interior light, Dr. Schulenberger, whom she had met at the hospital. She gasped. He got out and shut the car door and sorted through a ring of keys as he walked to the back of the car. He stuck a key into the trunk and opened it and hauled out a large package wrapped with green Christmas paper and tied with a red bow. He held it under his left arm and slid a second package of the same size and color out of the trunk and up his leg, and held it under his right arm. He stood perplexed as to how he might close the trunk, took in the neighborhood, then slid the second package down his hip and back into the trunk, and lifted out a small, oblong red package wrapped with a gold ribbon. He was about to close the trunk with the back of his hand when Nell called to him, “Doctor Schulenberger, good morning. Can I help?”
“Dan, if you don’t mind. I come in peace, bearing gifts--Merry Christmas.”
“Merry Christmas.” She slipped her feet into a pair of wet tennies that set beside the door, and stepped off the porch and crossed in front of it and opened the gate and hurried down the cement walkway beside the driveway and out to the car.
“You scared me. Is anything wrong?”
“Everything’s fine. I should have called, but I didn’t want to take a chance of not being allowed to play Santa Clause. Is it in poor taste for one to bring presents, uninvited, on Christmas Eve?” He wore a reddish-brown tweed jacket over a red sport shirt, chocolate brown corduroy slacks and polished brown shoes with tassels, and he smelled of pipe tobacco.
“Of course not. But I hope that’s your only mission. It’s not the season for discussing crime.”
“My only mission. Sorry I startled you.”
“Oh, I forgive you–it’s Christmas.”
“Carry that package for me, would you, and close the trunk.”
She lifted the package out and closed the trunk. “You were driving a white car last time.”
“I was at work, then.”
She walked before him up the drive and pushed the gate open. At the door, she slipped out of her wet tennies and cradled the package with one hand and opened the screen and the entry door and held the screen open and called to the kids, “Tell Doctor Schulenberger good morning.”
They grunted and turned back to Bizzy Bob’s rendition of “The Night Before Christmas.” Bizzy Bob, wearing a night gown and made up as a freckled faced young boy, spied on Santa as Santa fished Christmas gifts out of his bag and placed them under the tree. Dan Schulenberger, his eyes glued to the TV screen, set his presents on the floor and squatted behind the children. 
Nell moved presents around under the tree, the three largest of which were from Skid, and made room for Dan’s. She read the card on the thin, oblong one--“To my friend Nell, From a Well-wisher.” 
The rain deer pulled the sleigh off the set, and left the camera fixed on a smiling moon in a sky of twinkling dots. From off-screen came Santa’s fading call: “Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night.”
Dan and the children shouted, “Merry Christmas, Santa.”
Dan stood up and said, “I just love that Bizzy Bob.”
“We do too!” the children said, and ran past him to the new presents under the tree.
“That one’s mine, Callie, that other one is yours.”
“Tell Doctor Schulenberger thanks,” Nell said, “and don’t tear a hole in the paper to see what the box looks like.”
“Dan! I insist. Not Doctor Schulenberger. And they’ll learn nothing from the box, it’s plain cardboard.” He squatted beside the kids. “Would you kids like to meet Bizzy Bob...shake his hand?”
“Yeah! Yeah!”
Will wrinkled his forehead; “Does Bizzy Bob live in our world?” 
“Sure does. Lives in two worlds.” He held up two fingers. “Our world,” he tucked one finger away, “and the TV world,” he tucked the second finger away.” He sat down on the edge of the couch and leaned forward, his legs cocked like a grasshopper’s. “He lives in this world and has a sister, just as you do, Will.” His green eyes flashed with the Christmas lights.
“Bizzy Bob has a sister just like Callie?”
Callie stared at Dan’s mouth and pulled her bottom lip down with two fingers. Dan studied her for a moment.
“Not exactly like Callie, but something like her. Bizzy Bob’s sister is my mommy.”Will’s head jerked back. “Do you live in a TV world too?”
“No. Remember, Bizzy Bob lives in two worlds, the TV one and this one.” His arm swept the room. “In this world, the one that you and Callie and Mommy and I live in, Bizzy Bob is my uncle.”
Callie jutted out her bottom jaw and stretched her lip over her teeth.
“In this world Uncle Bob is a child psychologist. I’m a psychologist too.”
“What’s a psych...psych...”
“A child psychologist like Uncle Bob takes ideas out of his head and puts ‘em in words and his words go into children’s ears and twirl around and come out smiles. When Uncle Bob goes into the TV and becomes Bizzy Bob, he makes kids smile all over Bakersfield.”
“Do you do that too?”
“No. I’m a different kind of psychologist–for grown-ups. I’m a crypto-maniac. You see, some kids never get to see Bizzy Bob or hear his words; they never learn how to smile. They grow up and hear other words in their heads, mean words. They scowl and are unhap...”
“Like ‘dammit?’”
“Yes, and worse. And I...”
“Like...”
“That’s close enough, Will,” Nell said. “Let Doctor Schulenberger talk.”
“I steal all the bad words that make these grown-ups unhappy, and figure out what they mean. Then I throw those bad words away and tell the people never to say them again.” 
“What’s wrong with your teeth?” Callie asked.
“Callie, Honey...” Nell said.
“Had ‘em cleaned, just so you would like me.” 
“I like you,” they both said.
“And I like you. But I have to go now. Got crypto mania to do. I’ll tell Bizzy Bob you love him.”
“Will you come back?”
“I’d love to. But that’s up to your mommy.”
“Anytime,” Nell said.
“That’s a pretty broad statement.”
“Oh, you probably call all the girls pretty broads. But that’s okay, come anytime.”
“One of us has slipped a Freudian and I’m not sure it wasn’t me. Are you sure you’re not a crypto-maniac too?”
“Could be.”


Chapter Two


It’s six weeks since Christmas. Nell sits on the couch, her long legs stretched into the middle of the floor, one foot over the other, and stares through the bay window and across the street at Ralph and Betty Schultz’s house and garage, built of brick. Is it conceivable, she wonders, that they, rather than buy cheaper, better new bricks, paid dearly for the plaster residue on those used ones because it would match perfectly the white cement driveway they laid three years later; and that the driveway would match perfectly two white birches they planted ten years following that? If anybody could have... He’s a retired Pacific Gas and Electric lineman who, when he was working, prayed for storms and fallen wires. If there is a typical housefrau, she’s one, except that they never had kids–their front yard is unobstructed by a fence. When the grass is green and flowers crowd the house and garage--with their black, pointed roofs--the place is as syrupy as thatched roofs and white walls. Today is not one of those days–it’s mid February. Last night the puddles froze, and at daybreak black clouds scudded out of the north and pelted Bakersfield with rain as cold as ice.
Nell’s feet nod absently backward as Callie walks around them.
“Is Mister Schluberger coming?”
“It’s Dan, Callie!” Will said. “He said call him...”
“And I said call him Mister.”
“But he said for...”
“I don’t care what he said. I told you to call him Mister.”
“Is he?”
“Yes, if it doesn’t rain.”
Dan Schulenberger had been in New York most of the time since Christmas. Last week he delivered a paper at Columbia University, and from there, called and invited her and the kids to the park to meet Bizzy Bob. What kind of man would pick mid winter for a day in the park?
The mail man’s white Jeep pulled up and his black hand stuck through the window and opened the box and stuck a letter in. Nell was off the couch and down the drive. It was from Skid. It was the first she had heard from him since he kissed her Christmas.

Dearest Nell,
Just over three months ago you lost a husband and I lost a friend. We are both dealing with that in our own ways. For obvious reasons, I can’t help you deal with it. My biggest problem now is to know how to avoid doing you and the kids more harm than good? I’ve already destroyed more than I could ever rebuild. I guess I’m trying to say that if you ever decide not to see me anymore that you allow me to keep supporting the kids.
I know that you insist that what has happened has nothing to do with what is happening now, but it does for me. I can’t get it out of my mind. So I’m going to stay away for awhile and weigh things out. If you decide not to see me anymore, that there is no future for us, I’ll understand.
I have never loved anyone but you–never could. I’ll always love you.
Skid

 
As if he hadn’t already stayed away “for awhile.”
She leaned against the fence for a good cry, but Dan Schulenberger’s red Lincoln turned off Norris and headed in her direction. She pretended not to see it, and hurried into the house and by the kids in the front room and went straight to the bathroom. She wiped the tears from under her eyes and turned her head this way and that in front of the mirror, and looked at her earrings and touched the matching necklace--Christmas presents from him, sapphire-on-sterling.
He passed before the bay window, and the kids yelled, “It’s Mister Schulenberger, Mom!” The doorbell rang and Marauder, from the back porch, commenced yapping. Nell smoothed the white, wool sweater over her breasts and twisted around to see if the fence had left white paint on her blue wool pants. She brushed them off and smoothed the bottom of the sweater over her waist and hips, and answered the door.
The kids crowded in his way when he came in. Will pulled a bulldozer on a string and Callie shoved a felt book at him.
He took the book absently and said to Nell, “Boy! That necklace and those earrings are infinitely more lovely on you than they were in the store.”
He squatted down and looked at Will’s bulldozer.
“Where do you find such things?” Nell asked.
“The necklace and...”
“The book and bulldozer.”
He took Callie’s book to the couch and sat down and turned the pages. “These particular ones I bought on the black market from North Pole elves.”
Will’s mouth opened and he looked askance at Nell.
“It’s a store painted black that sits in the ice not more than a mile from Santa’s workshop,” Dan explained.
The cover of Callie’s book opened on a picture of a house in the country, with a red barn and a bare tree. The following four pages were sewn with pockets embroidered with the names of the seasons–green for summer, gold for fall, white for winter, pink for spring. In each pocket were cut-outs of thick nap that stuck to the front page and made of it a picture that changed with the four seasons. Callie had dressed it with winter: snow and stubble and firewood and smoke rising from the chimney, and a Christmas tree in the window. In the spring pocket were two robins and a nest and gaping mouths and red worms and pink buds and white clouds. The summer sweated with heavy green grass and hazy purple hills and a bright yellow sun; a variety of bugs crept in the foliage. The gray fall sky featured a V of geese, which was beyond Callie’s experience, a scarecrow with a black crow in its shoulder, amber leaves blown by a puffy cheeked cloud, a grinning jack-o-lantern and an empty nest.
“I have an Aunt Esther who makes books like this. She lives a hundred miles north of here. I bet those elves copied this from her.” He laid the open book on the couch in front of Callie. “Let me see your bulldozer, Will.”
It was Caterpillar-yellow, crafted entirely of wood except for a tiny eye-screw to which a string was tied.. A course threaded bolt of hard oak screwed into a coal black grill and secured a wide blade that rose and lowered with the twist of a side lever. The bolt could be unscrewed and the blade exchanged for any of a variety of front-loaders and buckets, all painted fire-engine red. A hitch in back provided for a yellow trailer which hauled a selection of loads: black coal, gray rocks, cement blocks, brown earth and red bricks. 
“If you ever lose a part, Will, Uncle Bob knows a craftsman in Delano who makes bulldozers just like yours.”
Nell took the kid’s coats from a row of wood pegs fitted into a varnished knotty-pine board mounted to the wall behind the door, and put them on the kids and checked the pockets for their mittens. One coat was pink, the other blue. They were of quilted nylon and had a belt with a simple chrome hook, and hoods that zipped beneath the collars; Christmas presents from Skid.
Dan took Nell’s coat from a hook and held it out for her. “This one, I presume.” 
“Well, thank you.”
It too was from Skid: ocher-red with a small, black collar and a line of small obsidian buttons that began just under the collar and descended to her knees. The sleeves were large and the coat flared so as to form something of a buttoned cape. In the large pocket her hand closed on two objects, the soft leather gloves that had come with the coat, and the letter.
She pulled a white scarf over her head and tied it under her chin. “Are you sure you want to go to all this trouble?”
“This is no trouble. It’s a pleasure.”
“It might rain.” 
“Never. The clouds are blown south, the sun has broken through and it’s a beautiful day.”
It was true. The day was brilliant and warming. The birches and driveway and white stone wall on the north side of Betty’s and Ralph’s yard burned with a hard fluorescence.
Dan opened the back door for the kids and Nell helped them in. He walked around and opened her door and held her elbow as she got in. He told her she was beautiful in her outfit, then closed her door and went around to his own and got in.
“Sorry about that stinking pipe,” he said. It rested in a bowl on the dash.
“It smells good to us,” Nell said. “Did you have a good time in NY?”
“Splendid, except for a little sadness--tell you about it later. Incidentally, we’re supposed to meet Unc...Bizzy Bob at Central Park. Not the one in New York, but our own Bakersfield Central Park on 20th Street.”
He took Norris Road east and picked up Manor Street south, and crossed Kern River and topped the hill on the north side of Bakersfield. Nell could see the 99 Highway leave the south side of the city, a straight string that disappeared in a blue-green mist at the base of the Tejon Range. It ascended from the mist, up the mountain, as The Grapevine, a thread from here, invisible unless one knew precisely where to look. Lost in the distance was its tortured fall that filled the canyon with smoke from burning truck brakes.
They turned east on Grove Street and crossed Union Avenue and came to the park.
“Kids,” Dan said to their reflections in the rearview mirror, “I’m sorry to say that Bizzy Bob won’t be in TV land today. But he’ll serve the same hot chocolate he serves in TV land, and he may be dressed the way he dresses in TV land.”


Chapter Three


A derelict in dirt-slick Frisco Jeans and a peacoat, straitened his crimped legs and sat upright on the park bench. His hair was plastered to his scalp on one side and mounted into a frizzled pile on the other. “Oh, it’s you.”
“How’s it going, Jude?”
“Fine, Doctor Dan, ‘cept it’s a little cold.” He pulled his peacoat tight across his narrow shoulders.
Dan pulled a money clip out of his pocket and peeled off two fives and handed them to him. “Go over to China Alley and get breakfast and a room at the Bell-View, compliments of the City of Bakersfield.”
The derelict shuffled off and Dan inspected the bench and turned to Nell and the kids, “Have a seat.”
Bizzy Bob’s music came from out of sight down Nineteenth Street, and set to flight a flock of pigeons from the ledge of a three story building across from the park.
“It’s Bizzy Bob!” Will said.
Callie clapped her hands to her cheeks. Nell and Dan got up from the bench and walked with the kids beyond the park art gallery and nearer the street.
Rounding the corner off of Nineteenth and rolling slowly toward them on R Street was a nineteen-forty-six Ford panel truck. Bizzy Bob’s black rimmed spectacles were painted on the windshield, crowded by his thick, gray hair. The hood was his bulbous nose, the grill his grizzled mustache, the fenders his fat cheeks dimpled by headlights; and the bumper his square-toothed smile.
He parked in a special parking space beside the art gallery where many of his programs were filmed, switched off the motor and got out and walked around to the side of the truck–illustrated with all the tools he used on his TV show. He wore brown, oversized brogans, blue coveralls and large white work gloves with a thumb and three fingers. He was hatless, and over his forehead fell thick, gray hair.
Will stepped closer to his mom, and Callie took her hand.
Bizzy Bob lowered a counter that hung from chains, and the music faded and stopped. He opened a spigot and filled two paper cups with hot chocolate, and turned to them with a cup in each hand, “Callie and Will, I presume. Care for some hot chocolate?”
“Say ‘Thank you,’” Nell said.
They took the chocolate and said thanks.
“How about two more, Unc...Bizzy Bob.”
He filled one for Nell and another for Dan.
Kids came running, their moms and a few dads puffing along behind; cars stopped at the curb. The hot chocolate ran out and Bizzy Bob called out in Spanish and English for the kids, and any parents who cared to play, to join hands and form two circles, one inside the other--a familiar game for watchers of his TV show. Nell found a place in the circle for Will and Callie, and she and Dan sat on the bench. The music played and the circles skipped in opposite directions from each other. It stopped and the two circles faced each other and shook hands and introduced themselves. It began again and the process repeated until someone faced his original partner and yelled his name–first to yell was the winner.
“ Nell said, “How is it you never married...? Or did you?”
“Nope, never. Although I was married by proxy half my life--a girl in New York. Her parents and mine thought we would make a nice couple–so did we. She met someone in college a few years back and married him, now she’s in the middle of a divorce.”
“Did your parents...?”
“No, nothing formal–no contract,” he laughed. “I’m not orthodox.”
“But you attend synagogue?”
“Often. But I’m not very religious. Beth was--the girl in New York. Even though they are very modern Jews, she and her parents await the messiah.”
“You don’t?”
He pulled a pipe from one coat pocket and a pouch from the other, and began stuffing the bowl. “I don’t know. I don’t know what messiah means anymore.”
He opened a box of matches and took one and closed the box. “How about you–are you religious?” He struck the match on the side of the box and waved it over the pipe and sucked in the flame.
“Probably in transition,” she said, “or readjustment... I don’t know.”
“I understand.” He shook the fire from the match and drew on the pipe and blew smoke and felt the head of the match with his fingers and dropped it into his tweed sport coat and leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees and held the pipe in both his hands and looked absently at the dancing circles. “Jesus of Nazareth confuses me. Two thousand years ago, we wanted a messiah to resurrect the throne of David, he offered pacifism, poverty and death. No messiah on our terms. But one for the world..? Who knows.”
“You’re not thinking of converting are you?”
“By no means. I sometimes wonder about his messiahship, but he’ll always be a Jew to me, never a Christian. We Jews may have hung the messiah on the cross, but the Christian church did worse--they made him god.”
She sat forward and turned on the bench toward him. “What about you and Beth?”
He leaned back and stretched his legs out in front of him and his arms along the back of the bench, his hand near her shoulder. “Romantically, there is nothing there for us, if there ever was. I think that over all the years, she and I have helped each other over one difficulty after another.”
“I never had you pegged as a man of great difficulties.”
“Now that you mention it, I can’t say that I am. I think I helped her over one difficulty after another. In a way, she’s very pathetic.” He touched her shoulder and asked, “How about you and Skid?”
“Did he tell you about us?”
“No, but you did.”
“When?”
“It’s what I read between the lines when you explained how Skid came out of his inertia.”
“Well, whatever there was between us began and ended the last half of our senior year. At least I thought it ended, now I don’t know.”
Bizzy Bob clapped his hands and called the games to a close. “Always clean up your mess,” he said, and began wiping down the counter. His closing music came on and the kids picked up the paper cups and brought them to him and he put them in a paper bag and closed the hanging counter. He walked over to Nell and asked, “Would you care to bring Will and Callie to my place for lunch?”
“Yes! Yes!” the kids screamed.
“We’d love to.”
It was near dark when Dan delivered them home in the evening, and told them goodnight. On the porch he told Nell, “But for one man, I think I could make you happy.”
“But for one man, I think you could.”
He left and she brought Marauder in and turned up the thermostat and dressed the kids for bed. When they were in their pajamas and in bed she put Marauder back on the porch and ran fresh water for him and filled his food dish and went back and peeked into the kids room. They were asleep. She went into the kitchen and took the phone from the wall and dialed Skid’s number. No answer.
Next morning, before he could possibly have left for work, she called again–still no answer. At four that evening she called, and on the hour every hour thereafter. Still no answer.
The following day she called his mom. “After all these years that Skid has had no phone, now he has one and doesn’t answer it.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, “he’s in Alaska.”
The kitchen swam and she grasped the back of a chair. After a minute she heard Mrs Farrell’s voice, “Nell. Are you okay?”
She pulled a chair from the table and sat down. “Shaken,” she answered.
“I’m sorry I startle you. Skid will be home Tuesday. He’s looking over camp arrangements and equipment.”
“Well, now you know where my heart is.”
“Nell, call me any time I can be of help. Let’s keep that between us. And go to him if you love him–don’t wait for him to come to you. I say that more for his sake than for yours–I’m sorry, I’m his mother and I have to be honest about that. But that doesn’t mean I don’t care about you. After he finishes his paper work at the office Tuesday, he will take a week off. Call him then, he’ll be home.



PART FIVE

Chapter One


Skid folded the Californian and laid it on the far edge of the small round table, and scraped his fork over the plate--top, bottom, left, right--and gathered the bits of egg on his fork and stuck them into his mouth. He unscrewed the lid from a Waconia Unsulphured Sorghum Molasses jar and poured a puddle in the middle of the plate where the last of the eggs had been, and screwed the lid back down. He swivelled his chair around and got up from the table and carried his coffee mug and plate to the stove and forked out the last piece of bacon from a cast iron skillet, and scraped his fork in the grease in the skillet and drained the grease from the tines onto the molasses and stirred it in. He filled his coffee mug and carried it and the plate of molasses back to the table and sat down. The apartment swam with the smell of new leather and fried bacon. He sipped his coffee and sopped molasses and egg yolk with biscuits and ate it with the bacon. When he was finished the white porcelain plate--smeared with egg yolk and translucent brown sorghum, punctuated by a Pillsbury canned biscuit bitten into a crescent-moon--alternated between an abstract painting and an ink blot test.
He swivelled the white leather chair away from the table and slunk down and drew his elbows inside its overstuffed arms and crossed his bare feet one over the other on a white leather footstool that set just under the bay window. The mug in his hands steamed with coffee.
He was conscious of the white tarpaulin undulating over the swimming pool below his second story apartment, the tables around it bare, the umbrellas gone, but in his prone position he could not see them. He saw only the wrought iron handrail along the walkway in front of his window, and the red tile roof of the apartments on the other side of the pool; and on the roof he saw steel poles held upright by guy wires against the wind, and saw the rain blown in streams from the aluminum antennas; and beyond them, the naked sycamores that writhed in a tumbling sky.
At seven-thirty, not more than six feet in front of him, a tall girl in a glistening yellow slicker crossed from one side of the bay window to the other. Copper curls of chopped hair twisted below her floppy slicker hat and over a white turtleneck, and--like the girl’s on the Morton Salt carton--obscured a full view of her face. But her cheek was too full and flesh-like to be real in his world. When girls were sixteen and eighteen, yes, but no more. She wore dark framed no-nonsense glasses and swung a brown leather briefcase from a leather-gloved hand. Her breasts moved beneath the yellow slicker, and no sooner had she passed the window than the doorbell rang. He opened the door and there she was, pulling off her slicker hat.
“Nell! My God, girl, you’re a ghost from the past. You’ve cut your hair.”
“Tell me to go away or come in.”
“Please! come in.”
She came in and set the briefcase down and laid her hat on the woven hemp bottom of an old, brown ladder back chair that sat beside the door, stripped the gloves from her hands, put them together and laid them on the hat. Her long fingers grasped the large black buttons and twisted them out of their holes. She turned away from Skid and leaned back to free her arms from the slicker and bent her head forward and he lifted the wet slicker off her shoulders.
The shallow scoop between the two leaders behind her neck descend into the darkness down the turtleneck, and Skid knew he would die for her. He opened the door and shook the slicker outside, and closed the door and draped the coat over the ladder back of the old chair. 
“I’m afraid to ask what you’re doing here. I’m afraid I’ll scare you off.”
“You’d better be afraid you can’t scare me off.”
“That sounds good. So what are you doing here?”
“I’m not here. I’m in LA interviewing for jobs with big companies--I can’t accept your handouts forever. Mom has the kids, and I won’t be back in Bakersfield till tomorrow evening.”
At “Bakersfield,” her breath caught at mid-word, her neck swelled and she swallowed. He stepped toward the breakfast nook, turned around and held out his palms. “Can I fix you some breakfast?”
“I’ve eaten and drunk several jolts of strong coffee for courage.”
She lifted her gloves off the chair and put them together and laid them over the back of the chair, over the slicker, and picked up the briefcase and laid it in their place and unsnapped it.
“You remember in speech class they taught us to do something to break the tension? Okay, here goes--my tools for this job interview.” She held up a pair of white silk panties, laid them aside and shook out a white nightgown. “May I put these in the bedroom?”
“Through that door.”
She snapped the briefcase and carried it to the bedroom. At the bedroom door she stopped and said over her shoulder, “Would you close the drapes?”
He closed the drapes and walked into the breakfast nook and turned on the florescent light and tumbled his hands beneath a stream of warm water and thought about dumping the old coffee and filling the pot with fresh water. He turned around and she was standing in the bedroom door in her panties and bra.
“My name is Ruth, and I’m in search of Boaz.”
He dried his hands and walked to her and wrapped his arms around her and closed his eyes and felt his fingers in the soft flesh of her back, and felt warm tears on his neck. Her palms and long fingers come up under his T-shirt and over his back, and he said, “In all my existence, never was there a moment when I did not love you.”
“I know,” she said.
“Yes, you know.”
“And you know I’ve always loved you.”
“I know.”
In the afternoon, Skid lay on his back, one arm under the back of his head, the other on Nell’s bottom. After awhile he threw off the sheet and sat on his knees beside her and luxuriated in the smell of her nakedness.
She lay on her belly, her face turned toward him, her eyes closed, her arms forming a circle around her head on the pillow, her hands lying one over the other above her head. She grinned and a bubble of saliva swelled from the corner of her mouth and she sucked it back into her white teeth.
“Women in Hollywood would give a million dollars for a head of hair like that.”
“Kind of kinky in this weather.”
“Gives you that kid look they’d give two million for.”
He leaned over and kissed the back of her hand, moved it and kissed the other.
 
“You have marked me with your stigmata,” she said.
“I bear the stigmata–yours is the original body.
Toward evening they sat in the dark living room on the couch against the back wall and watched the sky go dark outside and the lights over the walkway grow to a gray luminosity, and watched for a delivery man to bring their rotisserie chicken with potatoes, gravy and biscuits. Skid wore Levis and a T-shirt, and Nell, in her white nightgown, leaned into him, her feet drawn up beside her.
“What kind of father will I make?”
“The only kind you can make, a perfect one, an Abba.”
“I hope. Doctor Schulenberger says my psychological history is not easy to overcome. Suicidals, descended from a family with suicidals, are near incurable.”
“Well, maybe his motives for saying so are less about you and more about him.”
“Or more about you?”
“Yes.”
“He suggested that.”
“He did?” She was surprised.
“He doesn’t know how to be dishonest.”
“Neither do you... But let’s not talk about him. Let’s talk about us.”
“Maybe we could live in the country and have horses,” he said.
“In Alaska?”
“In California. You wouldn’t like Alaska--I don’t. We don’t have to live in Bakersfield, we could go north and I could drill gas wells.”
“Why not Bakersfield?”
“Well...”
“Skid, we can live wherever we want.”
“There are no summer mornings like Bakersfield summer mornings, I’ll grant you that.”
“Then..?”
“Okay then, Bakersfield. I’ll go back up to Alaska for a month: set up camp, off-load the rig, drill surface hole and set pipe, nipple up the blowout preventor and come home. If Pyramid
has nothing for me, I’ll go to work for somebody else. But I think they’ll keep me.”


Chapter Two


The freezing wash of the turbo-props in the chill Bakersfield morning blew in jump school and Daniel Cordoba--at home in the world only as he reconstructed it. A draftee turned lifer; an officer now, distinguishing himself somewhere in South-east Asia or getting himself killed, it made little difference to Cord which so long as it came on his terms. He was neither reckless or careful, just innovative in going about his duties, one of which was staying alive.
You’re crazy, you know.
I’m crazy? At least I know which way I’m going, Skid. And I don’t take chances with my life.
You don’t try to preserve it either.
I do my duty.
Cord was three years older than him. Skid’s single regret about their friendship was that he had not attended Cord’s graduation from Officer Candidate School. He didn’t even respond to his invitation. Now, most likely, he would never see Cord again.
But, was it Cord, after these eight years, who at one o’clock this morning influenced him to scour his room for his old 22 Colt revolver and pack it in his suitcase? To do his duty as best he knew how? He pictured himself unpacking it in the first restroom he came to after claiming his baggage at Anchorage, and putting it in the right, outside pocket of his Army Surplus parka.
His single regret this morning was that he insisted that Nell not bother to see him off, rather than insisting that she do. I’ll be back in a few weeks and then we’ve got from now on.
Skid climbed the roll-away steps to the airplane door, and noted the difference between the cigarette-lighter-like smell of the turbo-prop jets and the exhausts of the piston driven planes he jumped from in the Eighty-second. Like Waukesha engines, they were fired by gasoline. He turned in the open door and waved at his mom and dad, and went inside and found his seat. The door rotated and clunked into place and the stewardess briefed them on their seat belts and life preserving procedures. They taxied to the runway and the turbo-prop revved up and shuddered against its brakes. The brakes turned loose and it accelerated down the runway and lifted off and banked right over the north side of Oildale. The fuselage creaked, the engines moaned and Skid looked down into Kern Canyon where pump-jacks, as thick as wild-flowers, had nodded in the Kern River Oilfield since the turn of the century; and at the narrow bridge over the river, and the asphalt road up China Grade, twisting out of shadow into the morning light of north Bakersfield. In another month the foothills, now green with winter grass, would be blotched with blue fields of miniature lupines and orange California poppies.
The plane’s wings came level over Hillcrest and the pilot set a course south beside Weedpatch Highway, strung with the places intimate to Skid as a young Okie: Banducci’s Corner, Scroggin’s Camp, the Eastside Canal, Hilltop, Lamont, Weedpatch, Sunset Camp. He swam in the canal and browned in the sun and lay on the eastside of Weedpatch Highway in waves of blowing lupines.
In John Fremont’s day miniature lupines made a blue sea of this end of the San Joaquin Valley, and orange California poppies set the foothills ablaze, and grizzles stalked herds of pronghorn and Tule Elk. A hundred years before him, Mexico began a decimation of the Yokut Indians that the gold seekers of eighteen-forty-nine would complete to near every soul. Already, in this century, tumbleweeds--whose seeds came into South Dakota in a load of flax seed from the Ukraine–had swamped this valley; farmers diverted the water that fed the Kern and Tule lakes and dried them up; and the grizzles and pronghorns disappeared. What remained of the Tule Elk were preserved behind chainlink fences. 
Skid would have preferred they circle west over the North Coles Levee Oilfield and the Coles Levee A, 67-29, the world’s deepest producing oil well--at least he knew of none deeper. For twenty-two-million years beasts as strange as a Bosch painting roiled an Eocene ocean. Their blood turned to oil over sixty million years and in nineteen-hundred-and-fifty-three was tapped at 17,895 feet. On New Year’s Eve, 1957, the field produced something besides oil. It produced the coldest night of Skid’s life–colder than anything he had endured at Fort Campbell or would endure in Alaska.
His relief didn’t show up for the poor-boy drilling outfit that night, and Skid worked a double shift–from four PM 1957 to 8 AM 1958. A slow wind came out of the northwest, laid a thin layer of snow over the Tupman Hills on the east edge of the Taft Mountains, crossed the Coles Levee Field and froze solid a half mile of water pipe and encased in ice the hand tools lying on the rig floor. But not for the oilfield or the elk preserve near it did Skid want to fly over North Coles Levee; he wanted to see from the air the ten acres that he and Nell had bargained for to build a house on.
The plane began its climb over the Tejon Mountains and the smoking light came on. By the time they flew over Gorman the plane was inundated with the smell of burning Lucky Strikes and Camels and Parliament cigarettes.


Chapter Three


At LA International he boarded his plane for Anchorage. The air blowing down on him from the tiny overhead jet dried his nostrils and smelled of the same cigarette smoke he had left in the other plane, gone stale. A lady he figured to be in her sixties or early seventies took the isle seat beside him. She too was flying to Anchorage, to visit her daughter who had recently married a fellow schoolteacher. No sooner had they gained cruising altitude than she was asleep. She slept most of the way to Seattle. Her hair was as white and fleecy as the cumulus clouds that rose over the city. They laid over in Seattle two hours. Skid walked around the airport a bit and returned to his seat. When it was time to depart, the old lady had not returned and Skid was afraid she would miss her flight. At the last minute she came strolling down the isle, removed her coat and folded it and shoved it in the overhead rack and sat down and buckled up. 
Skid leaned over and said, “Have we met?”
She smiled.  “Selfish of me to deprive you of someone younger to sit by.”
“Younger, maybe, but few as pretty.”
“You’ve already heard me snort myself awake. Let’s hope you don’t hear something worse.”
She slept now. Skid dozed and thought of her snorting in Donne’s seven sleepers den. Then he was in the airport parking lot at Anchorage. A black Cadillac drove up and Lou Chamberlain got out and swung the barrel of a sawed-off shotgun under his chin. He tried to twist his head away but couldn’t. Lou grinned and squeezed the trigger.
He gasped and his eyes flew open. The old lady had his hand in both of hers and was cooing, “It’s only a bad dream. It’s only a bad dream.”
He settled back and got his breath.
“Okay now?”
“Yes.”
The stewardess walked by and the old lady ordered a gin and tonic and asked Skid if he cared for something. He said no.
The stewardess brought the gin and tonic and the old lady squeezed a wedge of lime into it and Skid’s saliva glands squeezed with the lime.
“You married?” the old lady asked.
“Soon. Are you?”
“Widowed.”
“I’m sorry.”
“That’s okay. It’s been awhile; we adjust.” She patted Skid’s hand, “Someone is very lucky to marry a man as handsome and nice as you.”
“I’m the lucky one.”Doctor Schulenberger had called and wished him the best and attempted humor, but his heart was not in it. You beat me on the field of sport and now on the field of love.
The plane began its descent and Skid took the old lady’s hand and looked out the window. In the distance, drilling platforms dotted the Cook Inlet, their legs hard-anchored to the ocean floor against the fierce tide; orange torches blew from four inch pipes bent up and away. He figured the plane was over the Kenai Peninsula and Soldatna was directly beneath them, out of view. On the outskirts of Soldatna, stacked on five acres of leased land, was the rig that he and Cowboy would push, and the living quarters and mess hall.
They bumped the runway and snow streamed past the window like strings. The 727 came to a stop and the isle was gorged with passengers pulling baggage from overhead. The old lady smiled and leaned over and kissed him on the cheek and got up and took her coat from the overhead rack and joined the flow of passengers. Skid waited until the isle had cleared a bit, then stood up and pulled his army-green parka from overhead and joined the last of the stragglers. At the baggage turnstile he saw the old lady, arm and arm with her daughter, following her new son-in-law who carried her two suitcases. She turned at the door and waved and that was the last he saw of her.
He pulled his large leather suitcase from the belt and carried it in one hand and the parka under the other arm. In the men’s restroom he unsnapped the suitcase and took out a pair of quilted coveralls and pulled them over his Levis, and took off his Wellington boots and put on a pair of soft, fur lined, snow boots and stuck his Wellingtons in the suitcase. He pulled the black metal revolver from the red silk suitcase pocket and turned the cylinder six clicks and verified the bronze bottoms of six 22 Long Rifle cartridges. He stuck the pistol in his right coat pocket and snapped the suitcase lid closed and walked out of the restroom. In an end telephone stall in a bank of public telephones he dialed the Anchorage Police Department.
“Sergeant Saucier please.”
“Speaking.”
“Skid Farrell...”
“Aha, my fellow coon-ass.”
“I suppose–somewhere along the line. Just got in from Bakersfield. Checking to see if you’ve got anything on the Chamberlains.”
“Nothin’ but a warnin’–don’t mess with ‘em,” wheezed between draws. “We seen ‘em and lost ‘em...big black Caddy. Cain’t find ‘em in Anchorage now, least not in the Cook Hotel where you seen ‘em. But they was--under an assumed name. Did you call the Bakersfield PD when you’s down there?”
“No”
Exhales. “We did. Got the skinny on ‘em Sorry to hear ‘bout yer buddy. But don’t you go tryin’ to pay ‘im back, hear.”
“Don’t worry. I got cause to live.”
“Bad hombres, this man and his woman. Seems they’ve hooked up with drug runners out of Mexico...Colombia...somewhere down there.”
“Guess you could say they’ve come a long way since I met them.”
“Aim to do for Alaska what they done for the Gulf of Mexico–run drugs through wetbacks that sets up food and lodgin’ for drillin’ operations. Might be on the peninsula right now. Don’t you mess with ‘em, hear.”
“Yes sir.”
“Keep in mind–they ain’t got the slightest you’re in Alaska.” A pause to light another cigarette and exhale. “Le’s keep it that way. You call us at first sighting. We got a feller undercover out there. He’ll make hisself known to you. You follow his advice and he’ll keep you alive.”
“Yes sir.”
“We aim to nip this drug trade in the bud fore Alaska starts to look like California–no offence.”
“None taken.”
“You flyin’ out with Buschwhacker. It’s not a question.”
“Yes sir.”
“Don’t fly with nobody else.”
The Bushwhacker office sat a few random buildings down from the main terminal, a small wooden shack painted redwood-brown. By the time Skid got there snow was falling in heavy flakes. It sizzled on a stovepipe that stuck out of the wall and bent up beyond the eave. Heat boiled out of it and distorted what was left of a blue sky. The place smelled of burning coal that put Skid back at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. He twisted his wrist free from the parka’s elastic band and checked his watch–ten till four, roughly two and a half hours of daylight left. If they flew out now he would eat at the mess hall at camp near the Soldatna airstrip. If they were held up he would spend the night in Anchorage.
Kenny Busch slumped in a wooden swivel office chair, one cowboy boot crossed over the other, his long legs in khaki pants stretched half way across the room. Another pilot sat humped over a desk against the wall, writing, his back to the room. “This one’s for you, Bernie–Skid Farrell. I ain’t flying to the peninsula this evening.”
“Think we can fly out in this snow?” Skid asked.
Bernie swivelled around and got up. He was average height and wiry. Probably worked out or jogged. He stuck his hand out to Skid. “Bernie Smith. This snow will be gone in a minute.” Which is how long it took Bernie to be ready to go.
Skid followed him out to a Piper Cherokee rigged with skis. Bernie opened the airplane door and took Skid’s suitcase and lashed it down in the back seat and invited Skid up front with him.
“I got a pistol in my pocket,” Skid said.
“I’ll take it till we get there. You got wheels at Soldatna?”
“In the garage at the airstrip.”
Bernie looked questioningly at the 22 and walked around to the other side of the plane and got in and stuck the 22 in the side pocket of the door. “Plan to kill some mosquitoes?”
By the time they were over the peninsula the snow was gone but the sky was thickening. Moose grazed in the scattered lakes, impervious to the droning Piper. Some had their heads under water and others moved along leaving wakes like outboards. “Cold way to make a living,” the pilot said.
“Can you come close enough to camp for me to get a look at the cars there without us seeming to be scouting.”
“Maybe.”
But snow covered the car roofs and Skid could make nothing out.
“Want me to circle back.”
“No. I don’t want ‘em to think we’re buzzing the place for someone to pick me up at the airstrip.”
They touched down and Bernie maneuvered the plane to the front of one of the hangers and killed the engine. They got out and he strung an extension cord to an outside wall socket and plugged in the Piper’s engine warmer. He opened the back door of the airplane and freed Skid’s suitcase and handed it to him and walked around and opened the pilot side door and took out Skid’s pistol and handed it to him. Skid stuck it in his right parka pocket and together they walked to an old sheet iron hanger that doubled for a garage.
“I’ll make sure you get on the road,” Bernie said.
“I will. I got a new Jeep?”
Random flakes of snow were in the air now, so light that gravity hadn’t the power to pull them to earth. Nothing indicated where the sun was in a sky that one would suddenly find dark and wonder when the light had gone. Skid slipped his hands out of his mittens and held the mittens under his arm while he sorted through a ring of keys. He unlocked the Yale padlock, hung it in the staple and rolled one half of the sheet iron door back and walked into the freezing hanger and turned on the light. It glistened dimly off of spots of ice and motor oil on the cement floor. A set of dust covered airplane wings lay along the wall, their shine gone.
He started the Jeep and let it idle and put on his mittens and unplugged the engine-warmer and coiled the cord and stashed it under the hood and shoved the hood closed.  He got in and slipped the shifter to four wheel drive and backed around slowly in the empty garage, and pulled out, feeling guilty for not checking the oil and letting the engine warm properly. He stopped the Jeep outside the door and set the brake and was about to get out and close the door when he saw Bernie, in his rearview mirror, turn out the light and come out and push the door closed. Bernie carefully stood aside so that Skid could see him fasten the hasp and shove the Yale padlock closed, securing a hanger that was empty but for a set of wings abandoned maybe thirty years ago. He came around to Skid’s window and Skid rolled it down and asked him if he were staying in Soldatna for the night.
“That’s an affirmative. I got wheels coming.”
Skid passed the wheels on his way out the airport drive--a Chevrolet van with that official white that marked it as surely as if it had Police printed on the door. Bernie, he surmised, was the undercover man who Saucier said would make himself known.
Skid drove through the gate onto Funny River Road and turned right. A mile east, on the right, the rig was stacked in truckload pieces inside a chainlink fence. Two Airstream Trailer houses sat side by side at the far corner away from the rig and the road, one was Skid’s, the other Cowboy’s. Two quads of portable bunk units, mounted on skids so as to be wenched onto flatbed trailers, sat side by side next to the road. Lights came from the corner unit closest to the mess hall and heat rose from its stack. Heat also rose from the mess trailer. The two sleeping quads obscured the mess hall as he drove past. He slowed down and peered through the gap between the units and saw among the cars parked there the black Cadillac that he had seen Jodie and Lou get into at the Cook Hotel ten days ago. Jodie had worn a mink coat and Levi jeans and looked like a Fifties Shelly Winters.
He pulled into the gate and parked the Jeep out of sight at the end of the quad of bunk houses and killed the engine. He got out and left the door open and pulled off his mittens and stuck them into his left parka pocket and checked the pistol to make sure the cartridges were indeed there. He cocked it and put it in his right pocket and left both hands in his pockets and walked toward the mess hall, his right hand holding the pistol, his finger on the trigger.
The Cadillac engine was running but Skid saw no one inside it. Snow lay in packed clumps on the wooden steps and the porch of the mess hall. Skid was no more than ten feet from the door when it burst open and Lou came through it, hatless, his face turned away, shouting over his shoulder at someone inside, “...it in order.” He was at the bottom of the stairs before he realized Skid was there with the pistol aimed at his face. He pulled up and said, “Whatcha aim to do with that BB gun?”
“Shoot you if I have to.”
“She’ll shoot you first.”
He saw Jodie, in a brown mink coat, just over his left shoulder; saw her fine black glove squeeze the trigger of an automatic pistol not much bigger, if at all, than his own 22.
Pop!
A sting under his left arm brought back a summer day and a flap of stubbed toe peeled back like a loose bicycle patch. Then Lou was twisting out of a roll into a crouch and swinging around an Army 45.
Skid’s pistol popped and Lou was falling face down. His 45 clattered across the packed ice beneath the thin veil of snow, and Skid knew before he hit the ground that inside the neat hole in the left side of Lou’s head, just where the hair begins at the temple, there could be nothing but brain...brain and blood, blood that rose in a one inch arc and wavered like a poor playground fountain.
BOOM.
And the air is filled with bits of leather and flesh, and Jodie is falling, brushing his right shoulder, making no attempt to keep her face from driving into the ice. Her pistol scoots away and stops short of the porch and Skid backs away from her and is still backing away when an officer in a blue cap with brown furred ear-flaps folded up and strapped across the top, and wearing quilted, blue coveralls with FBI stenciled on the back, passes him on the right, his bare finger curling from a blue knit glove around the trigger of an automatic rifle, his eye aiming down the barrel and his shoulders squaring at every window of the mess hall one at a time and at the door.
Then Bernie, in a blue coat with FBI stenciled on the back and six inches of zipper at the side of each wrist, comes around his left gripping an Army 45 in his bare hand, aiming first at Lou then at Jodie and calling to Skid over his shoulder, “You okay, buddy?”
“I’m fine... Someone’s going over the back fence.”
“I know it, so do they.”
A snow cat has left the main road and is barreling toward the back of the mess hall, exploding the fine snow into billows, charging like a mastodon.
Skid eased the hammer of the revolver down and tossed it into a snow pile beside the steps of the bunk unit opposite the mess hall and sat down on the bottom step. He watched Bernie in slow motion eject the magazine from the butt of Jodie’s pistol and drop it into his large square coat pocket and jack the cartridge out of the chamber and drop it with the pistol into the same pocket, and go over to Lou’s pistol and eject the magazine out of the butt of the 45 and drop it into the opposite pocket and jack the cartridge from that pistol and drop it and the pistol into that pocket.
On a miniature stage, Bernie is calling out to people words that Skid can make no sense of. He crosses his arms over his knees and lays his head into his crossed arms and feels blood squeeze over the top of his sleeve and trickle down the ribs on his left side.

Pop! Pop! Boom! Just that quick and Lou’s head is a fountain.

There is a fountain filled with blood, drawn from Immanuel’s brains...brains...veins...

Were his eyes open? He couldn’t tell. He felt his arms collapse and his head fall between his knees and his body fall forward.
Pop! Pop! Boom! No Bang! No Bang for your buck.
This is the way the world ends,
..........the way the world ends,
.......................the world ends,
Not with a bang but a whimpser...whimpser...whimps...
And sinners plunged beneath...
This is the blood of the new cov... 
His coveralls unzip and he hears Bernie whisper, “Jesus Christ! ...artery...let this man...”

He lay in a sea of blue lupines out toward the Tupman Hills near the elk preserve and watched an airplane make its way over Wheeler Ridge and the Grapevine and disappear beyond the Tejons, its engine purring, purring, ever so slightly louder, until a voice, so faint he could hardly hear it at first, “He’s coming around.”

### End ###

