


Martin Kriss

The Gate of Sheol
Part One
metaphysical thriller



	

© Copyright by Martin Kriss, 2015
Translator: Zuzanna Tasarz
ISBN: 978-83-7386-480-1



This book is a work fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any 
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Dedicated to my Mother. Thank you for your good words and support. I also want to thank my sisters, Natalia and Magdalena, for all the ideas they shared with me, for their constructive criticism, and for being wonderful first readers. I want to thank Anna, too, for the beautiful cover idea. Without you, this novel wouldn’t be what it is now.


	


part one







When people wake in their beds, it seems to them that they have shed their dreams; they do not know that they have fallen victim to their senses and to a new, much deeper dream that the one they just left behind.

Gustav Meyrink, Golem





CHAPTER  1 

THE MAN SAT DOWN IN THE ARMCHAIR and lit a cigarette. He took a drag and exhaled the smoke through his nostrils. He had a black goatee. I was sitting in the armchair opposite him. 
“Cigarette? You look like hell,” he laughed. He reached out a hand holding a pack of blue Gauloises. It was badly crumpled and it was difficult to pull a cigarette out. When I finally I managed to do it, the man gave me a light. I took a drag and looked around. I was in a small and quite dark room. The only light was coming from a green desk lamp. It was an old desk with carved legs. The man was sitting cross-legged in a leather armchair with headrests, and watching me. 
“Why don’t you take off your jacket? It’s soaked through and through. You must have spent some time lying there before I found you. What happened?” 
I took off my wet jacket and hung it on the backrest of the armchair. The man was still watching me expectantly. 
“I don’t know. I can’t remember anything,” I said truthfully. Everything I was experiencing now was new and confusing. 
“Cognac?”, the man suggested. “I’m sure it’ll make you feel better. And maybe loosen your tongue.” 
A sip of cognac burned in my throat. The man sipped his too, but he was still watching me intently. 
I tried to remember what happened and how I found myself in this room. But I just couldn’t remember anything that happened earlier, as if someone wiped my memory. 
In the room, aside from a clock ticking somewhere in the background, was completely silent. It gave me the impression that we were deep underground. What was I doing here and what was my life like until now? I couldn’t remember anything; my mind was as empty, as if I was born and became conscious just a moment ago. The man, meanwhile, was still in his armchair, sipping the cognac and, clearly, expecting some kind of explanation. 
“I can’t remember anything,” I whispered helplessly. 
“I can see you’re really confused.” 
“Where am I?”
“In my house. In the suburbs of Versailles. This town is like a bedroom; it’s pretty quiet here, nothing disturbs me when I work. Tonight, I went out to take a walk – I like to walk in the evenings, regardless of weather – and I found you on the meadow at the edge of the forest, under an oak. There was a bit of drizzle so I decided to stand under a tree and have a relaxed smoke. I like to smoke during my walks. That oak is very old and has a broad crown; it looked like it would be a good hiding place from the rain.”
“And? What happened?”, I asked. 
„When I lit my cigarette, I noticed a shape in the grass. It was you. You were lying there unconscious and completely soaked. It’s been raining all day today. It’s one of those days that you should just sleep through, because you don’t have the energy to do anything…” he trailed off. I was trying to figure out who he was. 
“You’re probably wondering who I am?”, he asked. I nodded. “You know, it’s a bit unfair, because you still haven’t said anything.” He sipped his cognac and sighed. “All right. As you probably already noticed, I like talking, smoking, drinking cognac, and I’m a writer. That’s what I mostly do. To be honest, I rarely get into conversations with strangers. It throws me off balance. I like to let my mood build up, and then let it flow onto paper. My tales spin themselves. But you’re not disturbing my balance, maybe because you’re not talking much and you can’t remember anything. You really lost your memory?” I nodded. „I can see it in your eyes.”
„More cognac?”, he asked. I nodded. „I think I’d like to swap with you. That is, swap my memory for your current condition,” he laughed lightly. “But would I still be the person I am now? Probably not… Maybe I’d start to create myself differently. Our life is an ongoing creative process; in each minute, we make small decisions, and from time to time, bigger ones. As a result, we become who we are.”
“Excuse me, can I have one more cigarette?”, I asked, interrupting his monologue. 
“Of course.” He handed me the crumpled pack, and I started to pull out a second cigarette. After a moment, I was sitting back and inhaling the smoke, and he continued his musings. 
“For example, if I didn’t use to spend nights reading by flashlight, perhaps I wouldn’t have devoted my life to writing. You see, sometimes an insignificant choice has a major influence on our life. One decision made one evening to disobey my parents and start reading made me who I am today,” he sighed with a smile. “To be honest, the incident with you tonight got me thinking. I’m at the age where one lapses into clichés. That also applies to thoughts. But you with the freedom of creation that you are facing now, you got me thinking.  You are like a clean slate. You can do so many things without the burden of memories, phobias, and fears. It’s an interesting experience.”
“The world is an incredible place; it has so many aspects: the magical, intellectual, and primitive ones. Believe me, there are people who never get to the deeper layers, but are satisfied with the basic reflexes of eating, sleeping, defecation, and continuation of the species. I’m sure you’ve been a witness to those conversations in the subway or in the queue at the dentist; these trivial remarks and observations. Try to ask one of those people what their biggest dream is. They will certainly say they don’t know because they haven’t thought of it, or say they’d like to have some money, but not too much because that can cause problems, and they’d like to visit an exotic country and find the love of their life.” 
“Being God must be terribly boring”, he sighed. “I think those with unconventional dreams are the ones most favored by fate. The conventional ones are too trivial to come true.” He broke off suddenly and looked at his watch. “It’s already nine,” he observed. “I’ve certainly saved your life, but now we have bid our farewells,” he added, putting away his glass of cognac. “I’m waiting for someone who’s coming with a visit, so please don’t be offended, but I think we have to part our ways now. You are always welcome here, remember that. I can’t wait to see what you’re going to write on your blank slate.” 
Before I left, he shook my hand and wished me luck. He also gave me a business card, made from thick paper the color of lavender. There was a name on it: Brice Meyer.  
When I walked out to the street, I felt a puff of cool evening wind. I put my hands in the pockets of my jacket and I felt there were some small items inside. Maybe they could help me remember who I was? 

I WAS WALKING DOWN an empty street. It started to rain, slowly at first; a few seconds later, the heavens opened.  I straightened my collar and remembered what Brice Meyer said about enjoying walks in any weather. Except, he had the perspective of a home to go back to and an evening in his leather armchair with a glass of cognac, followed by a visit to look forward to. 
Further down the street, I reached a square with a stone church. There was also a café. I decided to go inside to hide from the rain and think about what to do next. 
It was warm inside the café, and a fire was burning in the stone fireplace. Close to the entrance, there was a small counter with an old-fashioned, cast-iron register. Behind the counter, there was an antique dresser. Next to it, on the wall, hung a menu.  
The place was mostly empty. There were just a couple of late guests sitting in the back. I looked around, but I couldn’t see any staff. I walked up to the bar, but it was also unmanned. Suddenly, a girl popped up from behind the counter. 
“So that’s where you’ve been hiding.”
“Yes,” she laughed, putting an ashtray – the reason why I couldn’t see her before – on the counter. 
“How can I help you? In this weather, I recommend a frothy cinnamon coffee and a croissant.”
“All right, but make it two croissants. I’d like a pack of cigarettes, too.” 
“Menthol ok with you?”
„Yeah.”   
„Good. That’s the only ones we’ve got. Please take a seat, I’ll bring your order to the table,” she said with a smile. 
I paid with the change I had in my pockets and I went to the patio , which was a smoking area. I picked a table by the window overlooking the square that I crossed before. In a moment, the waitress brought my order. I devoured the croissants immediately and then I opened the pack of cigarettes and lit one, drinking my coffee in small sips. 
I decided to wait until it stopped raining and then continue on my way. Of course, to do that, and to avoid mindless roaming in the night, I needed a plan. 
Fire was crackling in the fireplace by the bar. I could feel the heat washing over me. It felt like home. But I knew that after drinking the coffee and smoking a few cigarettes, I’ll have to leave this place. It was high time that I came up with a constructive plan. 
It’s not every day that you forget everything, although some people would probably give a lot for that. But I really wanted to know who I am and where I’m supposed to go. I finished smoking and emptied my pockets on the table. The contents of my pockets included: a yellow Bic pen with a blue cap, and a handful of change that now, after my visit at the café, wouldn’t be enough even for cigarettes. There was a silver Zippo lighter engraved with a panorama of Monte Carlo, a flat, golden key, and a fifty Euro note, with a phone number written on it, and the name Caroline underneath. I also found a passport with my picture, issued in the name of Paul Ellof.  At least now I knew what my name was. I put these things back in my pockets and went to the bar. I put the empty coffee cup on the counter. 
“Thank you, you shouldn’t have,” said the waitress. 
“The coffee was fantastic. Do you have a phone here?” 
“Yes.”
“Can I use it?”
“Of course,” she answered with a smile and handed me the receiver of a cordless phone. She was working at the café now, but she must have worked with children before; she was the kind of responsible, organized woman, with a large dose of kindness. “I won’t take long,” I told her. I took the phone and went back to the table. 
I straightened the Euro note and laid it on the table in front of myself. I dialed the number of the mysterious Caroline. I waited, but nobody answered. I called again. After a few tones, I heard a woman’s deep, calm voice. 
„Hello?”
„Is this Caroline?”
„You’re  the one calling me, you should know who I am.”
“…Right,” I stammered and an awkward silence fell. 
“Hello, Paul,” said Caroline helpfully. 
“Hello,” I replied. “I wanted to see you, but something weird happened.” 
“What happened?”, she said anxiously.
“Let’s meet, I’ll tell you everything.” 
“Of course, come to my place, I’ll wait for you.”
“Ok,” I said, “but give me the address.” 
“What do you mean? You don’t know where I live??”
“That’s exactly what we need to talk about. I can’t talk too long now,” I looked back and saw the waitress casting urgent looks in my direction.    
“Ok,” Caroline’s voice was deep and calm again, “I’ll come and pick you up. Where are you?”
“Er…” I stammered, “wait.” I got up and walked up to the bar. “Excuse me, what’s the address of this place?” 
“Le New York Café in Versailles,” replied the waitress. I repeated it to Caroline. 
“What are you doing there? Don’t go anywhere. I’ll come and get you. I see you’re completely lost.” 
„I’ll be waiting,” I replied and ended the call. I returned the phone to the waitress who wasn’t smiling anymore. I think I talked too long. 

There was a TV above the bar with a news program reporting railway strikes. I sat on a stool , leaned against the counter and watched the news. There were very few people left in the café and it was raining more heavily outside. There was a thunder and it got completely dark. A perfect kind of weather for a beginning of a strange, mysterious adventure, I thought. 

I DIDN’T EVEN NOTICE WHEN Caroline entered the café. She kissed me on the cheek by way of greeting. It all happened so quickly I felt overwhelmed. I didn’t even have enough time to take a good look at her. I only saw a tall blonde in a white trench coat. We stepped outside. It was still raining. 
Caroline’s car was a few steps from the café. It was an elegant golden jaguar. When we started moving along, I could finally get a good look at Caroline. She had long, blond hair, and big lips; she was driving confidently, and had an air of a person who never loses her self-assurance. 
I didn’t know how old she was, but she looked serious. Her most distinct feature was sensuality. She was moving like a cat. 
 “All right, so tell me what happened?”  
“Hmm, can we talk at home?,” I asked. 
“We can,” she said with a pout. “You’re very mysterious.” She gave me a sidelong look. We spend the rest of the ride in silence. The city was dark. The street lamps didn’t seem to disperse the darkness at all. We were driving through streets I didn’t recognize.
Half an hour later we reached the 15th arrondissement. Caroline parked the car in a narrow alleyway . On the wall of one of the buildings I saw a plate saying Rue Blomet. It was one of those little streets that tourists find completely by accident, and walking along it, they think that even Paris has plain streets without anything interesting about them. And indeed, Rue Blomet wasn’t interesting at all. There were rows of identical old houses on both sides.
We walked briskly; it was still raining. Suddenly, Caroline stopped. So did I. At the end of the street, there was a strange figure. She was walking slowly, ignoring the rain. She was right under a street lamp, so we could see her clearly. 
It was a strange, tall woman with tangled black hair. She was wearing only a nightshirt. Her face looked bizarre, twisted in grimace of a smile mixed with surprise. The woman was walking with a slight limp, and, which made her look even more bizarre, she was barefoot. Her fingernails and toenails were pointy like claws. Her black eyes were staring right at us. It was a malicious, angry look. I had the vague feeling that she was coming to meet us. 

CAROLINE RECOVERED FIRST. She grabbed my hand and dragged me towards the nearest door. Quickly, she tapped in  the code opening the glass door.  The buttons played different tones when she pressed them and formed a short melody. There was a buzz indicating that the door opened and Caroline pushed it and dragged me inside. About time. The door shut behind us when the strange woman was only a few meters away. 
We were in  large hall paved with marble tiles. There was a scent of a posh house in a reputable neighborhood, inhabited by reputable people: doctors, lawyer, and teachers. It was quiet and still, with the steady hum of the rain outside. 
Caroline pressed the elevator button so hard, it looked like she was going to crush it into the wall. The elevator was taking its time, and we were waiting and watching the front door. It was closed and it couldn’t be opened by anyone who didn’t know the code, but we were feeling really uneasy. We were expecting to see the figure of the weird woman behind the glass at any second. 
Caroline was breathing heavily. Suddenly, we saw a twisted shadow. Caroline grabbed my arm and held her breath. Meanwhile, the shadow approached the door and pressed the handle, but the door didn’t budge. The figure moved her face closer to the door and tried to look inside the hall, but it wasn’t possible: the milky glass protected us from the gaze of this strange woman.
Suddenly, we heard the eerie figure slowly pressing the keys of the panel , clearly trying to recreate the melody she heard before. We froze. We were waiting for the buzz of the opening door. 
„God, this can’t be true,” moaned Caroline. “I’ll die if she comes inside. She looks like a zombie.” Fortunately enough, the door stayed closed. Hacking the code by ear clearly wasn’t an easy thing to do. The creature, however, kept trying. 
“Let’s take the stairs,” said Caroline. We rushed towards the staircase, but at that point, our elevator came at last. We got on the lift. Caroline pressed the fourth floor button . We waited nervously for the door to slide shut. Lift doors can be slow just when you’re in a hurry, or, even worse, close and immediately open again for some reason; but fortunately, this time it didn’t happen and the lift obediently took us to the fourth floor. 
“Did you look in her eyes?”, asked Caroline in an accusatory tone. 
“Yes, and you?”
“Of course not,” she huffed. “You shouldn’t look people like this in the eyes. They often bring bad luck.” Caroline unbuttoned her coat. My eyes jumped to the outline of her breasts under her black turtleneck. She took a deep breath. She caught my stare, so I moved it from her breasts to her eyes. 
We got off the lift on the fourth floor and walked along the corridor. Caroline walked first; walking behind her, with each step I could smell the scent of her hair, wet from the rain. We stopped in front of a double door with golden handles. 
Caroline was rummaging in her handbag for the key. There was a round window next to the door, with a lethargic fly between the two panes. Its sluggish movements indicated that the weather wasn’t going to get any better either today or tomorrow. Flies, in this aspect, are a bit like bears. Bad weather makes them sleepy. There were streams of water flowing down the window and the muffled noise of falling rain was coming from outside. 
Caroline opened the door and we entered a dark hall. As soon as we were inside, she quickly turned the key in all the possible locks and twisted the knob to make sure we were locked inside. 
The apartment smelled of a tidy, well-kept home. It was the smell of waxed floors, candles, root incense and coffee. There was also a hint of some kind of a strange, sharp scent. The hall was round, supported by four columns. The floor tiles formed a black-and-white chequerboard.  The space was dominated by a huge gold-framed mirror. 
Caroline grabbed the edge of the frame and pulled it slightly. It turned out that, hidden behind the mirror, there was a clever little dressing room. Caroline hung her coat and my jacket.  
When she closed the mirror again, I saw our reflection. Caroline was almost as tall as I. She was wearing tight black trousers and a turtleneck. Her clothes highlighted her feminine figure.

That was when I saw my own reflection too. It was a strange experience. Looking at me from the mirror was a tall man with a few days worth of stubble, long hair combed back, wearing a red shirt and a pair of paint-stained Levi’s. 
“Let’s go to the living room,” said Caroline. She put her key on the cupboard by the mirror. It was an organized home, and it showed. Everything here had its place. 
“I almost forgot,” she said with a smile. She opened the room behind the mirror again and tapped the code on a panel. There was a beep. The alarm was activated. 
„That’s in case that eerie creature decides to pay us a visit,” she looked at me, rising her left eyebrow slightly. “Now remember not to go to the hall, or you’ll set off the alarm,” she warned. 
“Anyway, you aren’t planning on leaving me, are you?”, she said with a mysterious smile. She walked off and I followed her, watching her round hips. 

EACH APARTMENT HAS ITS OWN ATMOSPHERE and each time, it’s different. This flat was as mysterious as my guide. When I was walking behind her, a thought occurred to me, out of nowhere, that I was entangled in something strange; I had the vague feeling that something mysterious had happened, and the fact that I had a note with Caroline’s number on it wasn’t an accident at all. 
An inner voice was telling me not to trust anyone and that this creepy woman who followed us didn’t appear by accident, either. That voice was probably my inner animal, whose instinct was warning me; but how often do we listen to that inner animal? Rarely; we are humans after all, and humans don’t take advice from animals, even the ones that they carry inside them. 
 “What would you like to drink?” asked Caroline, standing in the middle of the living room and lighting a cigarette. I smelled cookies. 
“What this smell?”
“What, you don’t know?”, she asked, raising an eyebrow in surprise. I shook my head. 
“Our favorite cigarettes,” she explained. “Please,” she handed me her cigarette to take a drag; her fingers touched my lips. 
“Cookie-flavored cigarettes,” she said, “our favorites, did you forget? Strange, very strange… So, you wanted to tell me something?” She looked at me questioningly. I think you owe me some explanation,” she lifted an eyebrow again. She lit a second cigarette for herself. I didn’t know how to start the conversation. 

The living room had tall, arched, floor-to-ceiling windows. I noticed some easels standing by the wall on the left, and countless painting and sketches hanging on and propped up against the walls. The air in the room smelled of paint and varnish, and that was the strange scent I noticed back in the hall. 

Caroline walked up to the window and immediately took a step back. On the opposite side of the street stood the creepy woman in the nightshirt; her eyes fixed on the windows of the living room.   

“That creep is watching the flat; how does she know where we live?”
“I have no idea,” I said, shrugging. 
“That’s weird…”, Caroline said thoughtfully. “You have to tell me everything; sit down,” she said, pointing to the couch. “What do you want? Wine?”
“Wine sounds good”, I replied. Caroline turned off the lights, leaving only two […] on the side that barely did anything to disperse the gloom. Then she opened the cabinet and took out a round-bellied, straw-covered bottle of Chianti. 
“Chianti, your favorite,” she lifted an eyebrow again; she was watching my reaction.
“Right…” I managed. If lifting eyebrows was a sign she was surprised, she was surprised a lot that night. 
“You’re acting weird tonight,” she said, handing me the glass. Her voice seemed to be coming in waves, rising and falling. It occurred to me that there are voices that are a pleasure to listen to, and no matter what the person is saying, they have a seductive power. She had this kind of voice. 
“You know,” Caroline continued, “I once watched a movie where one woman’s husband is swapped by the aliens, and she notices because he is acting all different. Now I’m feeling like I’m in that movie.” 
“We’re married?”, I blurted. 
“What’s happening with you? You can’t remember?”, she asked, confused. 
“That’s what I wanted to talk about…”
“I’m all ears.”
“You know…”, I started hesitantly, taking a sip of my wine, “I woke up in the study of a writer called Brice Meyer. Do you know this name?”
„No. It’s definitely not someone famous.”
“Brice Meyer said he found me under a tree in Versailles. He took me home, and I woke up in the armchair in his living room. It’s a weird story, I can’t remember anything, I don’t even know who I am…” I spread my arms helplessly. 
„What do you mean? You have amnesia?”, her confusion turned into fear.
“I don’t know who I am,” I repeated, “I don’t know who you are… I’m sorry. I just found a note with your phone number on it and I called.” I took out the note and handed it to her. She inspected it in silence for a while. Then she spoke. 
„That explains your bizarre behavior,” she sighed. “It’s good I gave you my new number. I’ve been so unkind to you, you should have told me earlier. You really can’t remember anything?”
“Nothing at all.”
“If this is some stupid joke, I’ll kill you,” she huffed. “Maybe someone mugged you,” she said, quickly examining my head.  Her touch was pleasant. “Does it hurt?” 
„No.” 
„Maybe you should go to the hospital?”
“There’s no need. I feel fine, I want to stay here. I hope that when I wake up tomorrow, things’ll be back to normal. Do you know what torture it is not to remember anything?”
“It’ll be alright,” she assured me with a smile. “Leave that wine; you shouldn’t drink, I’ll make you some tea.” Without waiting for my answer, she took the glass from my hand and put it on the table. Then she took my hand and led me to the bedroom. It was a room with a large bed and a white carpet on the floor. It was soft to walk on, like fur, and it muffled the sounds of steps. 
“Lie down, I’ll be back with some hot tea in a moment.” 
I undressed and a moment later, I was lying in bed. The bedroom was quiet; I couldn’t hear the falling rain. I got the impression that the room is soundproofed.  

A few moments later, Caroline was back with a tray. She walked across the soft carpet and sat down on the edge of the bed. She put the tray down; a teaspoon clinked. The noise sounded foreign in the quiet room. Caroline leaned down and touched my forehead. 
“Don’t worry,” she whispered, “I’ll help you with everything. You’re safe here.” 
I wanted to reply, to thank her; but her head leaned further down and her lips hovered close to mine. I felt her warm breath. 
“I’m your wife,” she said. Then she kissed me on the cheek. 





CHAPTER 2 

I WOKE UP AND SAT UP IN BED. I was in Caroline’s bedroom. It was the middle of the night, but her side of the bed was empty. 
I got up quickly and went to the living room. A lone car slowly moved down the road, the lights moving across the walls and the ceiling. Then the car was gone and the room was dark again. 
Following a weird hunch, I went to the kitchen.  On the table, there was a candle and its flickering light was illuminating the space. Caroline was standing by the window that overlooked the inner courtyard.  She was wearing pants  and a strapless top. She was smoking a cigarette, taking slow drags and exhaling the smoke upwards, so that it wandered lazily towards the ceiling. On the windowsill, between her and a geranium in a crumbling pot, stood a glass of orange juice. 
“I wonder why clay pots always crumble?”, I thought, but that wasn’t the only thing I was thinking about. I looked at Caroline and I thought that she was a beautiful woman with slender hands, shining eyes and lips that move delicately when she talks. A woman that makes you want to trust her, believe her, even when she’s lying. 
“What are you doing here?”, I asked. 
“Come here,” she said with a smile. Her white teeth flashed in the dark. Her white teeth really deserved recognition. I walked towards her; she embraced me and put a hand on my neck. 
“I got up for a smoke,” she said quietly and indistinctly; I could barely understand her. “I often get up to stuff at night,” she added. 
“What did you say?”
“I said I often get up at night”, she repeated. 
„I thought you said get up to stuff”
„Freudian mistake, but actually it’s true, I do sometimes get up to various things. Do you want a cigarette?”
“Yes,” I said. She handed me the pack. I took one out and I was going to light it, when she touched my hand. 
“Let me,” she said, “I’ll do it.” Her face was just before mine. She took the cigarette out of my hand. She licked the filter by twisting it in her mouth, then lit the cigarette. 
“There,” she said handing it back to me. 
“Why did you do that?”
“Why did I do what?”, she lifted an eyebrow again. 
“Why did you lick the filter?”
“You see… a licked cigarette and a dry one are two completely different stories; they’re different to smoke. The ones with a wet filter are better. It’s your theory,” she smiled. „That’s how we always smoke.”
„I see,” I replied. Caroline was smoking slowly now, taking a speck of tobacco from the lower lip. She bared her teeth, that flashed in the dark. She got rid of the tobacco and kept smoking, slowly and methodically. I had a strong impression that this was an element of a plan; that this cigarette had to be smoked, and that everything else we did – our meeting, drinking the wine, the conversation – was all a web of events that, in this very moment, intertwined and formed a thread.  
Caroline put her cigarette out under running water in the sink. Then she threw the butt in the trash. “I don’t understand this habit,” she laughed. 
„Then why do you smoke?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know, maybe because it’s a ritual of ours,” she said, curling up a corner of her mouth.  “Let’s go back to bed.” 
“Right.” I put out my cigarette the same way she did. When we were crossing the living room, Caroline walked up to the open window. She jumped on the sill gracefully and gave me a look of a person who’s just made some kind of groundbreaking discovery. Her eyes were shining. 
“Come here,” she said and reached out her hand. I walked towards her and she grabbed my hand. I could feel the breeze of the cool night wind. In the corner of my eye, I saw the space between the fourth floor where the flat was located, and the street. Wet asphalt was reflecting the light of the street lamp. A car was driving slowly down the road and the noise of wheels splashing water in the puddles increases the sensation that we were high above the ground; it sounded distant, like it was coming from far below.    
“Come on, let’s fly,” Caroline grinned, and her eyes flashed strangely. 
“Come off it, don’t be silly, you’ll kill yourself,” I said, trying to get her to get off the windowsill. She was standing and swinging on her heels now. I felt a weird sensation of tingling in my stomach that spread across my whole body. 
“Can you feel it?”, she laughed. 
“Come on, get off. This is crazy.” 
Suddenly, her hand slipped out of mine. Staring into my eyes, she walked towards the edge of the sill. She stood there on her tiptoes, like a ballerina. “You have no idea how amazing this feels,” she said, giving me a playful look . I went speechless. I felt I should do something, but it was all happening too fast. 
Suddenly, Caroline took a step back, just as if there was hard ground behind her that she could walk on, but there was nothing, because she was standing on the edge, and in a split second, she plummeted down. She just disappeared, as if she went down in an elevator. I stood there with pounding heart, unable to move. I could not believe it. I was scared to look out of the window and see her broken body down on the sidewalk. 
Moments ago, she was laughing and I thought it was all a joke, and then, suddenly, she jumped. It was hard to believe. At moments like these, the current of events overwhelms us. We just can’t keep up with reality. The worst thing about it was that it happened so quickly; suddenly, she just wasn’t there. I didn’t even hear her make any sound. Actually, I didn’t hear any sound at all after she jumped, and, only now, my brain was chaotically starting to explain what happened. 
I walked towards the window and leaned out, very slowly, expecting to see the most horrible sight in the world. But there was nothing on the sidewalk. I leaned out and looked around frantically, trying to spot her body, but it was nowhere to be seen. The street was empty. 

I LEANED OUT AS MUCH AS I COULD.  
“Be careful, you’ll fall out,” someone said right above me. I looked up and saw Caroline, hovering in the air above the window. She was literally hovering, standing in the air with her arms crossed. When I dreamt about flying, I always thought you’d have to make some movements and wave your arms; it was clearly not necessary. 
Caroline was just standing in the air without any effort, as though she was lighter than air, as though gravity wasn’t real. 
“Silly, you thought I wanted to kill myself. Come here,” she said, extending her hand. 
“No”
“Come on,” she moved closer to the windowsill, “If I can do it, so can you.”
“Come on, it’s impossible,” I replied. 
“Impossible, right,” she made a somersault in the air. “Look, it’s fun,” she tempted. She propped on her elbows against the sill like a bored child. “Come, let’s fly a bit.”
“No, come on.”
“Can you feel prickling in your fingers and tingling all over your body? Can you feel energy running through your body that makes you feel like you’re going to explode, like you’re going to burst into laughter in a second, like hilarity that’s impossible to contain?”
“Yes…”, I replied; indeed, that was how I was feeling. 
“Come on then,” she extended her hand again, “That means you’ll be able to fly.”
“No,” I said, and Caroline flew into the room and approached me.
“I don’t want to do this!”, I said and back away inside the room.
“Calm down, I’m not going to force you. Maybe you think it’s impossible, but gravity only applies to matter. What happens when you learn to control matter? Well, what happens?”
I said nothing; I didn’t want to listen to her crazy explanations.
“Then, it turns out that the gravitational pull of this planet does not work on you.” 
She extended her hand once again. 
“No way,” I said, but I still felt that weird sensation of tingling in my whole body. 
“Jump.”
“What?”
“Jump in the air,” she said. I did, and suddenly, I was hovering a few centimeters above the floor. I felt a surge of energy that made me feel like I could move buildings and cars like toys. Amazing feeling. 
“See?”, Caroline was triumphant. “You’re flying.” She levitated closer to me and rose towards the ceiling. I followed her and looked down. The living room looked completely different. I was used to looking at it from a different level; now it looked like a completely different living room. I noticed different things: dust on the top of furniture and different perspective of various objects. Strangely enough, I was looking down from above but did not feel any kind of fear of heights, just the strange tingling that started in my stomach and spread all over my body.
 Without a word, Caroline grabbed my hand and we flew out through the window. A gust of evening wind caressed us. It was amazing to feel the current of the air around you without touching the ground. I looked down, feeling like I was bursting with energy. We were flying above the city. I felt that I was in full control of my body. 
"We are not bound by this planet anymore!", cried Caroline, flying ahead of me, doing somersaults in the air. The full moon peeked out from behind the clouds and its cold light flooded the city underneath. 

I caught up with Caroline and caught her hand. We were flying above the rooftops, laughing to each other. We reached the beltway with steadily moving cars and a tall, empty building on the other side; it was supposed to be a hotel, but that never happened, and the building had been standing empty and unfinished for years. We flew towards it and I started to feel dizzy. We were flying higher and higher, and finally we reached the roof. Caroline landed first, and I right after her. She managed to land on her feet, while I ended up on my butt. 
I got up, feeling a piercing pain in my tailbone. Down below, we could see the highway with tiny lights moving along it. The cars on the beltway were moving very fast, but from this distance, they seemed to be crawling at a snail's pace.

"It's because of the distance between us and them; speed is closely connected to distance," Caroline explained. She sat down on the edge of the roof with her legs dangling in the air. A piece of plaster fell off the wall. It was falling slowly, whirling in the air. I felt even more acutely how huge was the distance separating us from the ground. The building was very tall. 
"Aren't you cold?", I asked; Caroline was wearing only underpants and a shirt.  
"Of course not. I am only feeling a pleasant coolness, just like you," she looked at me amused. I also had this weird sensation of bursting with energy, and it made me immune to cold, even though it had to be freezing up here. The wind was ruffling our hair. "I'll show you something," said Caroline and gracefully jumped off the edge. She was hovering in the air now, the dark abyss stretching below her, with the car lights tiny points in the distance. "Give me your hand," she said. 
"No," I said, taking a step back, away from the edge of the roof. I suddenly felt scared. What if I can't fly this time, I thought. 
"Give me your hand and let's go!", she said, "You can't stay here; this building is an empty skeleton. It doesn't have stairs. How are you going to get downstairs? You’ll climb down the concrete walls?!” The wind captured her words and carried her voice away.  
I felt pulsing in my temples; my heart was hammering. Slowly, I walked towards the edge and the sight of the abyss with the tiny motorway below made me feel dizzy. Caroline hovered in front of me. “Jump!”, she shouted. I took a step forward, but suddenly, I felt so overwhelmed with fear that I couldn’t jump. I just couldn’t. I was standing on one leg, wrestling with myself and with the fear. 
“Jump!”, Caroline urged, laughing. To her, this was fun. I got a grip on myself and I almost dove into the precipice when suddenly, I heard Caroline shout, “Jump! If you fall, I’ll catch you!”, and I stopped. It was possible that I wouldn’t fly. I stood on the edge, swaying; pieces of concrete were crumbling under my feet and plummeting off the roof. I wanted to fall backwards, but then a strong gust of wind pushed me off the edge and I fell. 
The air was knocked out of my lungs. I was falling like a stone. The rush of the air stupefied me as I was hurtling down along the wall of the building we just stood on. I felt I had to do something; I felt that I wanted to lift myself up and fly, and suddenly, I just stopped. I hovered in the air. Caroline floated towards me.
„Great feeling, isn’t it?”, she laughed. She was right. The feeling was incredible. The adrenaline levels in my body at this moment probably exceeded all acceptable levels. I felt I could do anything and nothing can stop me. Caroline took my hand and we flew towards the eastern outskirts of the city. 

From above, city looks completely different; it makes you feel as if you are seeing houses and streets for the first time. We are used to looking up from below, not the other way around. Flying intoxicates, and makes everything seem different, smaller. Makes you feel free. We reached the forest that embraced the city on the east. We were flying above the trees. An incredible sight. A sea of billowing crowns of trees. The surface resembled a soft carpet.We started to descend. 
We were flying lower and lower, and the darkness enveloped us gradually. Finally, our feet lightly touched the gravel path running through the wood. From above, faint moonlight shining through the crowns of the trees. 
“We have to be quiet,” Caroline whispered straight into my ear. “If you understand, nod.” I nodded. She took my hand and we stepped off the path. We started walking through the forest. Suddenly, a branch snapped under my feet, then another. Caroline stopped. „Do you know what quiet means? Be careful.” We walked on, very slowly. Finally, we reached a small clearing, with a branchy oak growing in the middle. Under the tree, a mass of fireflies was bustling about, their lights twinkling in the dark. They were searching for each other, trusting that it would be easier in darkness than in daylight. “We’re here,” said Caroline. 

CAROLINE SAT CROSS-LEGGED with her back to the great oak. I sat down next to her in the same position. 
“Now I’ll show you a magic trick,” she whispered. 
“What trick?”
“Close your eyes,” she replied. I closed my eyes. Suddenly I was surrounded by darkness, as if I didn’t exist anymore. I could only hear her clam, quiet voice. “Now we can feel as if we are suspended in the void. Try to feel it. Don’t open your eyes. See the Earth, but from the moon. Observe it like you would a distant planet. Can you see it?” 
“Yes,” I could actually see it; it felt strange, as if I left all my problems behind on the Earth. 
“Now you can think of things from a different point of view, because you are somewhere else. You only think you are in the forest, but in fact, you are somewhere very far from the Earth. Do you understand it now?”
“Do I understand what?”
“Do you understand that you’ve been constantly only thinking from the point of view of the Earth. You are not doing it now; it can feel strange. There, on Earth, thought is connected to matter, with some form of reality, with the laws of physics which tell you what is possible and what is not. Here, in space, these laws do not apply to us. We are free and our thoughts are free, too. The magnitude of it can be overwhelming, but this is how you can understand at least a segment of what I want you to understand. On Earth, words are connected with specific meanings. You need to understand”. Suddenly, I heard rustling. 
“What was that?”, I asked. 
“What?”
“I can hear something behind my back.” 
“What are you doing? Stop.”
“Stop what?” I opened my eyes and looked behind, but I only saw darkness. Caroline was sitting next to me with her eyes closed. 
“Did you open your eyes?”
“Yes…” 
“Close them again, quick! You can’t do that.” I closed my eyes, but then I heard the rustling closer than before. “Move away from there, beyond Earth, beyond all things.” 
“I can’t, I hear something.” 
“Did you close your eyes?”
“Yes.” 
“Then concentrate, leave the Earth behind, come back to the cosmic void.” 
“I can’t, I keep hearing this rustling; something’s getting closer.” 
“Open your eyes”, Caroline was shaking my shoulder. I opened my eyes and I saw her standing above me, giving me signs to get up. We started walking in silence. I looked back towards the place where the noise came from, but I couldn’t see anything. Finally, we found ourselves back on the gravel path, the same one on which we landed. Caroline stopped. 
“What did you think you were doing? Why did you open your eyes?”, she asked, annoyed. 
“I told you I heard something. I couldn’t concentrate.” 
“If you focused on what I was saying, then you wouldn’t be under that tree, but with me, in space, beyond all that. Above, far from the Earth. You can’t be in two places at the same time. Being up there, you wouldn’t be here, and you would be safe.”
“Yes, but-”
“Shh,” she put her finger on her lips. “Let’s get out of here,” she said and started to walk. 
“What did you hear?”
“Don’t make so much noise.” 
“Something happened?” Suddenly, the moon disappeared behind the clouds and we were in complete darkness. I heard Caroline talking straight into my ear. 
“Sometimes, in the forest, you can find strange insects, some bugs nobody has seen before, or unusual, undiscovered plants. Have you heard about that?”
“Yes,” I whispered. 
“You think it’s only bugs?”
I didn’t answer, because at that point we heard the rustling again behind our backs. Something stepped out from the thicket, something that had been following us. Now we could hear its heavy steps on the path. I turned around and saw huge, yellow eyes, about four meters above the ground. Then we heard some more rustling and after a moment, there were three pairs of yellow eyes watching us closely.  I was frozen with fear. The eyes started slowly moving in our direction. They definitely weren’t eyes of animals. They were huge, unnatural, yellow eyes of some weird creatures which heard us walking through the woods. They heard those twigs snapping under my feet. These creatures tracked us down when we were sitting under the oak and now they were only a few meters from us. They were preparing for attack. 
Caroline’s hold on my hand was like a vice. Suddenly, the eyes lunged at us. We shot up in the air at the same instant. I felt one of the creatures jump up to catch us; it was right below us. But we were quickly rising above the forest. From below, we heard whining and demonic howling. We were swaying in the air above the trees. 
“Ooh!” Caroline exclaimed, “That was exciting!”, she laughed. Surprisingly to myself, I was laughing too, which was probably caused by the excess of sensations. I felt tingling all over my body. 
“God, what was that?” 
“What does it matter? I can still feel that tension: will they catch us? Demons, monsters, forest animals, who knows? Let’s get out of here!” 
We set off to the west, breathing heavily from the excitement and still feeling that amazing sensation that comes from danger and quick escape. 
“Where now?”
“You’ll see, but trust me”
“All right…” 

WE REACHED THE END OF THE FOREST. Beyond it, the suburbs stretched out underneath us, and then we were over the fields. Caroline started to descend. After a moment, we landed on a sandy road between the vast fields of corn. In the cloudless sky there was only the moon and stars. The moon was shining and I could see everything perfectly.
	The fields were stretching towards a hill. The road led in this direction as well and then disappeared behind the rise. On the left, beyond the fields, stood the forest. We stood there for a moment, looking around, and I felt a sudden conviction that I know this place, that I’d been here before. I felt excited: so, I was regaining my memories. 
	I wanted to tell Caroline, but she was gone. I looked around, but she wasn’t there. Strange; moments ago, she was standing next to me. I thought she must have walked along the road towards the hill, and that was why she disappeared. Without hesitation, I started to walk in that direction, and soon, I was standing on top of the hill, looking at the view of the valley and the fields. 
	The road ran straight down the hill, but Caroline was nowhere to be seen. What happened, I thought, where did she go? How could I not notice when she walked away? I couldn’t understand this. 




CHAPTER 3 

I WOKE UP AND IMMEDIATELY sat up in bed. So, it was just a dream. I was in Caroline’s bedroom, but she was gone. On the bedside table on my side of the bed, there was a tray with a cup of cold tea. 
Always, when something goes wrong in our lives, we hope that we’ll wake up in the morning and realize it was all only a dream. Instead, we quickly realize that it’s not a dream after all, and a peculiar kind of mood strikes us. That’s what happened to me. Also, in the dream, I felt that I was regaining my memories, but now my mind was a total blank again. It was really strange.  
As soon as I got up, I had the feeling that I’m alone in the flat. A walk around the place confirmed it. Caroline disappeared. I felt very uncomfortable. Suddenly, I heard the doorbell. I wondered if I should open the door, or pretend that there’s nobody inside. In the meantime, I crept up to the door and looked through the peephole. On the other side, I saw a short woman with a blonde bob. She sighed and shook her head. 
“Don’t be an idiot! Open the door!”, she shouted, “it’s me!” Then, to accentuate “me”, she kicked the door. Suddenly, she stooped down, disappearing from the field of view of the peephole. I heard some scratching noise, and a moment later, a yellow slip of paper appeared under the door. I picked it up and read:

You’re an idiot!!!
Stephanie

Maybe I should open the door and ask what this is about, I thought. I stood with the slip of paper in my hand and wondered what to do. When I finally opened the door, the corridor was empty. 
I went back to the living room and sat down on the sofa. There was a pack of cigarettes lying on top of the liquor cabinet. Without thinking, I lit one. I didn’t finish smoking yet when I heard the scrape of the key in the lock. Caroline was back. 

“How is my stray wanderer doing?”, she asked happily, walking into the living room. She was wearing very elegant clothes. 
“Where were you?”
“Shopping. I bought some things for breakfast,” she replied, putting the shopping bag on the floor. “I know, you probably felt strange; I’m sorry, I should have told you I’m leaving, but you were sleeping so deeply. What’s that note?”
“A woman rang at the door,” I replied, handing the note to Caroline. “she slipped this under the door. Did you see anyone on your way back?”
“No, I haven’t...Interesting confession,” she snorted, reading the note. “How did she know you are here?”
“I have no idea,” I shrugged. 
“Did you talk to her?”
“No. When I opened the door, she was gone.” 
“Maybe that’s for the better,” Caroline said, sitting next to me on the sofa. “After all, we don’t really know what is going on. Maybe it’s better that nobody knows you’re here.” 
“Do you have any idea who she was?”, I asked. 
“I’m sorry, I don’t know,” she spread her arms helplessly, “and anyway, you know a lot of people. Did you remember anything?” I shook my head. 
„Ok, wait, I’ll make coffee.” 
“All right,” I replied. To kill time, I leafed through a newspaper lying on top of the liquor cabinet, but I couldn’t focus on anything; I just skimmed the note about a wedding of a pair of actors and a short article about a divorce of another couple. Then I closed the newspaper, because Caroline was back with a tray. She sat down next to me. 
“Have you seen that weird woman today?”, I asked. 
“No, not a trace of the phantom. She really scared me yesterday, but it was probably just a slightly wacky beggar,” Caroline said, making a funny gesture at her temple and pouring the coffee. “I think that we should go to the studio first.” 
“What studio?”
“Well, yours,” she explained. “You’re an artist, you paint.” 
“Are these my works?”, I asked, pointing to the canvasses standing in the corner of the room. 
“No, those are mine and you don’t like them; you think they’re too blurry and they lack sparkle.”
“Really?”
“Yes,” she replied. 
“That’s not very nice.” 
“I also think that it’s too harsh, but it’s good to hear some self-criticism from you.” 
“Where are my paintings?”
“You have a studio in an old warehouse in the east part of the city.”
“Keep talking.” 
“I,” she said, pointing to herself, “am your wife, as you already know; you like to call me a bourgeois-” 
“Who’d have thought,” I said with a smile, looking around the huge living room. 
“I can see the good mood isn’t leaving you,” she said.  
“You are so good to me; marriage is a really fine institution. I’d be lost without you.” 
I embraced her, but she moved away slightly. 
“You know, there’s something I haven’t told you…”
“What?”, I asked.
“Maybe we can talk about it later…”
“Please, don’t do that. I can’t remember anything, and you’re hiding things.” 
“Because you see, I am your wife, but this is uncomfortable…”
“Why?”, I pushed. 
“It’s complicated…” 
“What is complicated?”
“You really can’t remember anything,” she said, standing up and lighting a cigarette. “Listen,” she said slowly, “let’s go to the studio and maybe there, you’ll remember everything. I don’t want to talk about us now.” 
“You were so nice yesterday…”
“I was and I am,” she replied. “I will help you, but the fact that you don’t remember anything doesn’t mean that nothing happened between us.” 
“Was is my fault?”
“I don’t want to talk about this,” she cut me off. “Let’s have a deal: if you don’t remember anything today, I’ll tell you everything when we’re back from the studio.”
“Deal. When do you want to go?”
“Let’s go now.” 
“Right, there’s no point in waiting,” I admitted, but deep down, I was afraid of hearing what Caroline had to say.  
	
WHEN WE LEFT, IT WAS RAINING AGAIN. I looked around on our way, but the ghostly beggar was nowhere to be seen. She disappeared in the city. 
“That’s strange,” said Caroline when we were in the car. 
“What?”
“I have the impression that there are fewer people in the city.” 
“Maybe it’s true,” I laughed, “in my state I’m not going to argue.”
“You know, you’re taking this memory loss pretty well.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re joking about it,” she said with a smile, and I suddenly felt an urge to kiss her on the lips. 
“I have an idea!”, she said, turning right. 
“What idea?”
“First, we’ll go to hospital. I want to make sure you’re all right. Then, we’ll think what to do next. Maybe you had an accident and you don’t know…” 
 

THOSE WHO THINK things will become clearer when they go to hospital are usually mistaken. Hospitals provoke unpleasant ruminations about diseases, death, and the impermanence human and there’s nothing fixed in it. The layout of the buildings of the hospital resembled an octopus, with a glass door in the middle. 
	The corridors inside were broad and had low ceilings, as if they were designed for wheelchairs rather than people who can walk by themselves. The light was slightly greenish and made my eyes hurt. There was a scent of medicines in the air, as though someone mixed all the pills and syrups and splashed the floors with it. Every few seconds, busy looking figures in lab coats with stethoscopes tucked into pockets walked past us; they were easily making their way through the crowd, deftly avoiding collisions with others. Everyone else was floating about gloomily. When we were waiting for the lift, we were approached by a tall, elderly man in a dressing gown who asked, “Is this Mark?”
“No,” I replied. 
“I see…”, he said and rubbed his chin. He was looking at me intensely, as though he was trying to turn me into the mysterious Mark. He looked like he wanted to say something else, but he hesitated. In the meantime, the lift arrived. The door opened and a crowd of people piled out, then a stretcher was wheeled out with a still body covered with a sheet on it. I turned around, but the tall man was gone. 
“I’m wondering what he wanted,” I said to Caroline when we were already in the lift. 
“This place has a weird atmosphere,” she observed, “a bit like in The Kingdom by Lars von Trier.”
“Yeah.” 
“Weird, you lost your memory, but you remember movies,” she said. 
“That’s true,” I agreed; it made me think. Maybe I was beginning to regain my memories? This thought was comforting, just like that dream in which I thought my memories were coming back to me. 
 
IN THE EMERGENCY ROOM, WE FOUND a doctor who looked like a parrot. He was skinny, pretty short, he was hunching his shoulders, he was bald and he had a huge nose that resembled a beak. 
“Good morning,” he said, looking away towards a glass cabinet which stored some medical instruments. His voice sounded kind of screechy. 
I looked at him and wondered how old he could be, but I found it difficult to estimate. He could be thirty or fifty. His expression was dispassionate and devoid of any spark of interest; he seemed burned out. Maybe he wasn’t a living human at all, but a corpse, reanimated in a secret  morgue to work in the emergency room and do the doctors’ dirty work. I started to think about it and I tried to see if he blinks. During our conversation, he did not blink even once. 
“Did you fall?”, asked the doctor. 
“No.”
“Are you feeling nauseous?”
“No.” 
“Do you feel pulsing in your temples?” 
“No.” 
“MRI scan of the head”, he ordered and finally blinked lazily. I think he did it only because it fitted the context of the conversation; it seemed fitting that he blinks at the end. And maybe he did it to conceal the fact that he wasn’t a living person. 
“But what could’ve happened?”, asked Caroline inquisitively. 
“You see,” he started in a bored voice, “it’s typical of memory loss that it happens as a result of an injury, a strong emotional experience, or pathological changes in the brain, or, in some stages of mental illnesses.”
“Mental illnesses? You think my husband has a mental illness?”, she asked. 
“Maybe it’s a beginning of one,” the doctor replied, in a tone which sounded as if he was talking about a pet rabbit that’s gone crazy from the boredom of sitting in a cage.
“Idiot,” Caroline hissed as soon as we stepped out of the room. She linked her arms through mine and continued in a comforting voice, “Don’t worry. He just saw a tall, handsome guy that he always wanted to be and he wanted to make himself feel better.”
We walked towards the elevator, but when we got inside, I had the impression that this one was different than the one we took before. This one was smaller and empty, even though hospital elevators are usually crowded. Caroline pressed a button and the lift started moving. 

WHEN THE DOOR SLID OPEN, we saw a completely empty corridor lit only by pale, flickering lights. For a second, we weren’t sure if we should get out. Our hesitation lasted only a moment. We got out and the door slid close immediately, and the elevator left. The place was completely silent. It was strange; we were, after all, in a huge hospital with lots of patients. The corridor was long and its end disappeared in the gloom. We were completely alone in the dark. It seemed we found ourselves in an unused section of the building. 
“Let’s go back,” said Caroline. She made a gesture to hail the elevator, but, to her amazement, there was no button. 
“What now?”, I asked. 
“That’s weird. Let’s be quiet and find the staircase,” she replied. “We don’t know what kind of ward this is.”
“Maybe it’s the psychiatric ward,” I whispered; maybe that doctor sent us here on purpose. 
“We just took the wrong elevator,” she said, “I don’t think it was the doctor… Big hospitals always have some closed parts accessible only to the staff. That’s where they test new medicines and conduct research. Let’s be quiet and leave this place quickly. It’s better if nobody sees us here.” 
Slowly, we started walking, trying to be quiet, but our steps echoed in the empty corridor. We walked past a couple of closed doors, and at the end of the corridor we found a door leading to the staircase. It was open. 
“We escaped!”, exclaimed Caroline happily. We started to descend the stairs. “What an adventure,” she continued, excited. “Trapped in a closed, secret ward, where they do experiments on people, but finally, we are free!” We reached the bottom of the staircase and open the door to the corridor. The light here was normal and next to the door stood a desk on which lied an open crossword puzzle. There was nobody sitting behind it, but a cup of hot coffee stood on it, steaming.
We walked past the desk into the corridor, hoping it was connected to the main hall at the end. There was still nobody around, but we took it as a sign that we were returning to the normal world. Finally, we reached a large room with a lot of beds, and a couple of people walking around inside. Suddenly, a friendly-looking woman approached us. 
“Hello,” she said. 
“Hello,” we replied. 
“What’s your name?” It seemed that she wanted to talk to me. 
“Paul.”
“Paul, please, take me away from here…”
“What do you mean?”, I asked, surprised. From the corner of my eye I saw the people who were just strolling around a moment ago begin to walk towards us. 
“Just take me away from here…” The woman wanted to add something, but she went quiet instead. I noticed a nurse walking briskly in our direction. 
“What are you doing here?!”, the nurse asked, very agitated, “How did you get in here?”
The woman in the dressing gown, who talked to me before, had walked away.   
“We’re looking for the MRI scan,” Caroline explained. 
“You won’t find it here,” said the nurse with annoyance. “Follow me please, you have to leave this place.”
“What is this place, anyway?”
“How did you get here?”, asked the nurse with a frown. 
“We took the elevator to the second floor and then we walked down the stairs,” I replied. 
“It’s impossible,” she cut me off, in an accusatory voice, “You can’t go to the second floor in the elevator, because that elevator is broken,” the nurse said, giving us a piercing look, “and the staircase is closed.” There was no point in trying to convince her. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter,” she said placatingly, “you have to leave immediately,” she ordered and started walking ahead of us. 
We followed her obediently. She was walking so fast she was almost running. She kept turning and looking at us, urging us on. As we walked, we watched our surroundings. The window panes we made of milk glass, like in a lab. You couldn’t look out or look in from outside. There were beds everywhere. Many were empty, but in others lied elderly people, motionless, their bodies twisted and their mouth wide open. They seemed to be dead, but it was just an illusion. Their eyes were open, but their stare was dull and unfocused. They were breathing hard. They were looking at us silently. Those who had more energy were sitting in their beds. 
One of them was the woman who talked to us earlier. She was staring at the ground now and worrying at the sleeve of her dressing gown. This was a hospice ward for elderly people. The unpleasant nurse was the only member of staff here. Nobody was treating those people anymore, because what they were suffering from wasn’t curable. They were just sitting there in this room, abandoned, without any music, TV, or even the view outside the window. They could not leave this place. That was why that woman approached us; she’d hoped she would be able to leave this ward with us. This was a place where people waited to die, and she didn’t want to die yet. 
Nobody ever came here, it was only us who, by some strange coincidence, managed to find our way inside. I slowed down, taking it all in. 
“Come,” Caroline whispered, “we can’t do anything.”
She was right. A thought occurred to me that each time when we think that bad things happen in our lives, when we face something difficult, it turns out that somewhere, hidden in the corners, are those who have it much, much worse. 

FINALLY, WE FOUND THE MRI, and after doing the scan we returned to the emergency room doctor. He inspected the results of the scan and gave the following diagnosis: no changes in the brain, no lumps; please rest and avoid strong emotions and stress, try to remember your dreams. Whatever happened, it has been pushed into the subconscious. I should go somewhere else, change my environment. Better abstain from sex. 
“I already knew all this,” said Caroline when we left the doctor’s office, “maybe aside from the bit about sex,” she added, giving me a long look. 

When we left the hospital, it was already raining steadily. Streams of water were flowing down the streets, and every now and then we could hear a thunder. A violent rainstorm broke out and we, strangely enough, didn’t notice anything while we were inside the hospital. Oh well, the hospital was so huge it was a bit like a separate world, with the cold, fluorescent light replacing sunlight and making the place indifferent to the outside conditions. 
We decided to postpone the visit in the studio until tomorrow. The weather wasn’t in favor of further exploration. 
Streams of water were flowing down the windshield, the wipers barely keeping up with the rain. We were slowly making our way through the city; I didn’t recognize anything and it made me feel like I was discovering Paris for the first time. 
I started wandering if, perhaps, it was not really my city. And Caroline – my wife. I couldn’t help thinking these thoughts. I was feeling anxious after the meeting with that strange doctor, by the green light in the hospital corridors, by the woman in the dressing gown asking me for help which I couldn’t give. I kept thinking about what the doctor said. Maybe Caroline was hiding something from me; maybe I actually went insane and that was why this was all happening. Maybe this was why she did not talk to me openly and refused to say what happened between us. 





CHAPTER 4 

I WALKING ALONG A CROOKED SIDEWALK in some back alley in the part of the city dominated by warehouses. Light mist hung in the air and I felt that I was lost. The area was empty and there was nobody I could ask for directions. On the other hand, in this part of the town, I’d rather not meet anyone. 
Suddenly, I noticed a small, badly lit store, located on the ground floor of a old, crumbling, two-storey building. Nobody lived in the flats upstairs anymore and the small shop downstairs was like an oasis in this deserted place. A large garbage can stood by the entrance, and a tabby cat was lying on the lid, with a plastic bag right next to it. It looked funny – as if the bag was in the cat’s possession. “Here, kitty, kitty,” I called, and the cat opened one eye and watched me lazily for a moment, but it was clearly too comfortable to move. I’m wondering why this is the phrase people use to get the attention of a cat. I’m wondering what cats actually think about it. It’s entirely possible that it is something along the lines of “go away, jerk, I want to sleep!”

Opening the door of the shop, I heard a faint chime of a bell over the door. Immediately, a lively gentleman, wearing round wire-rimmed glasses peeked out from the mezzanine. 
“Welcome to my shop,” he said amiably, “I’ll get to you in a second.” I felt sorry for him. Owners of small, run-down businesses like these are always so nice and polite, wanting to win people over. This shop was like a small, lonely island; perhaps in the past there used to be more people in this area, who moved out, leaving only this little shop with its owner, still clinging to the hope that customers will come back and his little shop will be busy again.  After a moment, the man appeared downstairs. He was wearing a green sweater and he had the aura of something old and dusty. He spoke slowly and in a dignified voice. 
“What is it that you are looking for?”
“I just wanted to look around,” I answered hesitantly. 
“Are you interested in anything specific?”
“I really don’t know.”
“I have got some strange artifacts from various parts of the world, for example: old mechanical dolls that can walk on their own.”
“No, this isn’t really what I’m looking for.”
“I also have herbs for a lot of different illnesses; is there anything that’s ailing you?” – The seller begun to transform into a doctor. 
“No, I don’t need that either.” 
“Then maybe books?”, he asked mysteriously. 
“Where can I find them?”, I asked with interest. 
“They’re upstairs,” he said and pointed to a narrow, wooden door, “please.” I climbed the spiral staircase and the man followed me. 
“I have something that might of interest to you.” He walked up to the bookcase and pulled out a thick volume with yellowed pages, bound in cracked leather. He opened it. 
“What is this?”, I asked. 
“This is The Treaty of All Things.”
“…of what?”
“The Treaty of All Things.” He begun to leaf through the thick pages, covered with beautiful, calligraphic handwriting, with a richly ornamented initial on each page. 
“Here, have a look,” the man said. “In this book, each sentence has the same meaning as the whole book. Just think about it: a book in one sentence! In an ordinary book, sentences are made up from words; in this one, they are made of books, thousands of books. See yourself,” he encouraged.  
I bent over the book and started reading. It turned out that what the seller said was true. It was unbelievable; I’d never seen anything like this. Each sentence had as much content as a whole book. I couldn’t understand how it was possible. The sentences could be read forwards and backwards and they still didn’t lose their meaning. I tried to memorize at least one sentence. If I remembered at least one, and if I could write it down later – I thought – it would be amazing. Maybe I would discover the secret of writing like this. But although I was repeating the sentences aloud, I couldn’t memorize even one.  

I WOKE UP WITH THE SUN shining straight into my face. The weather was nice. Caroline’s spot in the bed was empty, and the sheets were creased. They were cold to the touch, so she must have gotten up a while ago. 

I dressed quickly and headed to the living room. Caroline, pensive, was standing by the easels in her ripped jeans and painting shirt. She was chewing the handle of a brush, with her eyes fixed on the painting that she was working on. When she heard me walk in, she turned around. 
“Good morning,” she smiled, “your hair is beautifully disheveled”. 
“Thank you,” I replied, trying to tame my hair, which was sticking out in all directions. 
“How are you feeling?” 
“Like a rotten carrot.” 
“A rotten carrot,” she repeated, laughing, “You always come up with those funny lines. I understand that you didn’t remember anything?”
“No,” I said, disappointed.  “What are you painting?” 
“I’m painting a vision from my dream.” 

I looked at the big canvas. The first underpainting was visible, still not entirely covering the sketch. The first layer of paint was a pale outline of a landscape: a desert painted with light shade of pink, and a windy, empty sky expanding above. Looking at the painting, I had a strange sense of anticipation; I felt as though any moment now, something was going to happen in it. There was something unsettling about it. 

“It’s a landscape that I saw in my dream,” Caroline explained. “Then, a spaceship appeared in the sky. It came for me. This is the moment when I’m waiting for it.” It turns out that I read that atmosphere right. 
“That’s interesting; keep talking,” I encouraged her.
“I don’t know… I’m feeling like I’m still in that dream,” she looked at me sadly. “That ship emerged from the sky; it had the form of a cube. I knew, when I was boarding it, that I was leaving the Earth for ever. That I would never come back. I knew that, out there, there is a trillion new worlds waiting for me, worlds which don’t know the disease known as death, and so I will never age and die. And still, I felt sad.”
“That’s a really weird dream.”
“Now I’m less and less happy with the painting.”
“What do you mean?”
“I made the rough draft and it looked just like in the dream. I started the underpainting and everything was still the way it was supposed to, but the longer I paint, the more my vision fades. It’s different. It’s not what I saw in the dream anymore.”
“So, don’t finish. Leave it the way it is.”
“That’s why I love you,” she said cheerfully. 
“Why?”
“You always give me the simplest advice and it’s so obvious that I’m surprised that I didn’t think of it earlier. But not everything has to be perfect; sometimes, we can leave things unfinished. 
“That’s true,” I replied. “You know, I also had a dream.”
“Wait a moment. You’ll tell me over coffee,” said Caroline, heading towards the kitchen. 

So I waited. Looking out of the window, I saw a cloudless sky, with the sun a solitary sovereign among the blue. I stepped out to the balcony, surrounded by a broad, stone balustrade. 
The weather was beautiful. It had been raining for a few days and the damp air, in contact with the sun, was now releasing scents from the walls, metal, and asphalt. 
High in the sky, there was a lonely bird; I thought it must be feeling the way I did in that dream, when I was flying and feeling all the space around me and the unlimited freedom. 
“Paul,” I heard Caroline’s voice from the living room. “Surprise coffee for my rotten carrot!”
“What kind of surprise?” 
“You’ll see in a moment,” she said with a smile, handing me a cup. “A bit of hot milk, a bit of sugar, a croissant and raspberry jam. What do you think?”
“I think it sounds divine.” 
“Close your eyes,” she instructed. “These are the raspberries,” she said, putting a spoonful of the jam in my mouth, “Don’t open your eyes. And these are my lips,” she kissed me, lightly biting my lower lip. Then she stopped, and I just sat there, dumbfounded. I just went speechless. I wanted to kiss her so much, before, to taste her lips. Now that it actually happened, I was confused and I didn’t know how to react. 
Caroline seemed not to notice my disorientation and kept talking. “Today is very important. It’s very possible that we will solve the mystery, or at least a large part of it.”
“I understand that this was supposed to be a consolation?” 
“You’re funny,” she laughed. “Yeah, you can say it was a consolation. How’s the coffee?”
“It’s great. What brand is it?”, I asked. Caroline cleared her throat, preparing herself for a lecture. “Far beyond the American Cordillera, between the Andes and the verdant forests of the Amazon basin, there is a region called Yungas. The soil there is very fertile; colorful snakes, and cheetahs live there. Farmers who live in that area, risking meeting these cheetahs and being bitten by the colorful snakes, grow a variety of coffee called Typica. It’s a great sacrifice, you must admit. They also have to fight with the farmers who want to grow coca.”
“Unrewarding job, I have to say. I’m sorry, I’m probably going to sound very ignorant, but what country is this?”, I asked, devouring another, still warm croissant. 
“You don’t sound ignorant at all. You did lose your memory. I just repeated your own words to you,” she said with a smile. “And that country is Bolivia. You really like this coffee, but tomorrow, I’m going to make you another one.” 
“What kind?”
“Let me think… maybe the Brazillian one, strong and sweet, in tiny cups; or the one from eastern Africa, cooked with cardamom seeds. Which one do you prefer?”
“The eastern African one.” 
“Great choice,” she smiled. “Will you tell me about your dream?”
“Yes,” I said, “I don’t know how it used to be, before, but now I keep having those dreams, each weirder than the previous one.” I swallowed the last bite of the croissant and started my tale. 
 
WHEN I FINISHED, we sat in silence for a while. I waited for Caroline to say something, but she was quiet. 
“What do you think?”, I asked. “Maybe there is something to these dreams. Maybe they’re hiding the cause of my memory loss.”
“This is a weird dream,” admitted Caroline. “Maybe you’re right, maybe these dreams mean something. You know, that book you dreamed about – it has a name.” 
“What name?”
“The Akashic Records. There is a legend according to which angels have a book in which the history of the world is written down. The history of each human being, each ant, each rock – everything that ever happened in the world. It is written in such a way that it includes all the possible versions of events. Your life is there, and mine, in all possible variations. The fact that we ate jam croissants for breakfast today will have some kind of consequences in the future; perhaps insignificant ones, but everything we do has consequences. 
The Records are a compendium of all versions of events. There is the reality in which we eat breakfast, and all other possible combinations of this breakfast, including one where we don’t have one. Our lives are made up of a succession of small decisions. If you’re a smoker, then each time you light a new cigarette you are creating a reality of having a smoke. Do you know what I mean?”
 “Yeah, that makes sense,” I said, thinking aloud. 
“If one day, I’ll offer you a cigarette and you’ll refuse, then maybe this will be where you start to quit smoking, and it’ll last as long as your other small decisions reinforce it, and that’s how, step by step, you will travel across a great space. And then, one day, you’ll say: I haven’t been smoking for twenty years.”
“This is very interesting.” 
“Thank you,” she replied. “The Akashic Records describe everything that happens here and on other planets and everywhere in the cosmos, including the Big Bang after which the universe was formed.”
“You believe in different worlds?”, I asked. 
“Do you?”, she answered with a question. 
“I don’t really know. I can’t even say I truly know myself…” 
“I think,” she said, “that it’s like for ants this world” – she pointed to the floor – “is completely different from what they know. An ant has no idea that just next to it, there is our world. I believe that we are like those ants when it comes to some things. We cannot comprehend that there might be a parallel world. We cannot comprehend it, because even our reality is incomprehensible to us. How would you define reality?”
“Well, as everything that surrounds us,” I said, gesturing around myself. 
“I really don’t think this is so obvious…”, she wondered. 
“What do you mean?”
“I think there are at least two or three different realities here. At least in this room.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your reality,” she said, pointing to me. “Mine,” she pointed to herself. “There is probably a spider here somewhere, so we should probably count its reality as well. Each of them is valid and real, because we all exist. However, there is no reality common for everyone. Each of us sees things differently and pays attention to different issues. Each of us is a different world. Not to mention the spiders – that’s a whole different level,” she laughed. 
“You’re saying weird things, but it’s really interesting.” 
“ Of course. I’m your muse after all. That’s what you said. I’ll also say this: if a mutual friend of ours walked into this room, they would be two different people.”
“I don’t understand.”
“For you, he would be a friend. Someone important. For me, he’d just be an acquaintance, even though it’d be the same person. You see, what we call reality is limited to a certain collection of common features. In this case, reality would be the fact that that friend’s name is Hugo and that he’s tall. See, the boundaries of reality are very narrow.” 
“Do I have a friend like that?” 
“He’s a very good friend of yours; I think you should see him.”
“Good idea,” I said enthusiastically. 
“I think so, too. I called him and I told him everything. He suggested that we meet tomorrow at noon.”
“That’s great,” 
“I nearly forgot. I’ve got something for you. Close your eyes and hold out your hand,” she said. 
“That’s a gift for you,” she continued, putting something flat in my hand.
“A book?”
“Open your eyes and see for yourself.” I followed the instructions and saw a brown notebook with thick pages.
“It’s beautiful. It’s also similar to the book I saw in my dream.” 
“Really?”
“Yes. Except it’s smaller.”
“Perfect to write with a fountain pen; look at this thick paper,” said Caroline, caressing the pages with her hand. 
“Do you like it?”
“It’s gorgeous.”
“The present for my rotten carrot. You want to discover everything so much – now you can start writing down all your thoughts.”
“I’ll take notes of everything that happens. Maybe I’ll remember something.”
“That’s a good idea, but I want you to know one thing…”
“Yes?”
“I’m giving you this notebook so that you can write down the important things. If you want to discover things, you have to do it on your own. You can also write down things that you want to happen.”
“What do you mean?”
“If there is something you are dreaming of, write it down. It might come true,” she said with a wink. 
“All right,” I laughed. Caroline, however, suddenly became serious. 
“This notebook is The Little Akashic Records. That’s how you should treat it,” she added. 

AFTER BREAKFAST, WE WENT TO VERSAILLES, to visit Brice Meyer. After all, he was the one who found me; perhaps, he could also have something interesting to say.   

We crossed the square with the café from which I called Caroline. The waitress was busy wiping the tables outside. There was a street, called Avenue du Général Leclerc, that branched off the square. That was where Brice Meyer’s lived. We easily located his house, surrounded by a heavily overgrown garden. Brice Meyer, clearly, focused exclusively on his writing. The mailbox was stuffed full of letters and weeds were growing over the path leading to the house. 
“That’s strange,” said Caroline, “it looks like nobody lives here.”
“I can exactly remember walking out of this house.” 
“Good. Let’s ring the bell and check if it’s here,” she replied pressing the bell button. It didn’t make any sound. Caroline pressed it a few times more, to no effect. 
“It seems that Mr. Brice Meyer can do without a door bell.” 

Suddenly, the door of the house opened and a broad-shouldered worker in overalls emerged. He was holding a cardboard box. He started walking towards us. 
“Can you open the gate for me?”, he asked Caroline. 
Another worker walked out from the house. This one was skinny; he was carrying a stack of books with visible effort. There was a van parked in the street; the men left their cargo in the car. 
“Thank you for holding the gate,” said the broad-shouldered worker with a smile. 
“Anytime,” replied Caroline. “We’re looking for Mr Brice Meyer.”
“Who?”, the man was clearly surprised. 
“Brice Meyer. He’s a writer. He lives here.” 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t know who you’re talking about; but give me a second,” the man headed back towards the van, “maybe we put him in the car by accident,” he laughed. “Jean, didn’t you load Mr Brice Meyder onto the car, by any chance?”, he called to the skinny worker who was on his way back to the house for another batch of things. 
“Meyer,” Caroline corrected him, “we are looking for Brice Meyer.” 
“Meyer!”, the worker corrected himself. The other man shouted back something along the lines of fuck off. 
“Well, you see yourself,” the man spread his arms wide and smiled. “But seriously speaking, this house’s been empty for years; nobody lives here, there aren’t even any heirs. Now it became municipal property and that’s why we are taking all this junk out. It’s all going to the garbage dump. If you want a souvenir, you can take whatever you like,” he finished, pointing at the van. 
“Who was the last person who lived here?”, asked Caroline. 
“I’m sorry but I really don’t know,” the man said, more seriously. He seemed to feel guilty for joking earlier and he wanted to make up for it by being helpful. 
“Get down to work, or we’ll be stuck here until evening,” scoffed the skinny guy, walking past us with a small table.
“I’ll come help you in a sec, these people are asking for someone,” he replied. “Do you know anyone called Brice Meyer?”
“No,” the other man replied, throwing the table into the car. 
“Can we take a look inside the house?”, Caroline asked. 
“Suit yourselves.”
We walked past the workers and entered the gloomy villa. The shutters were closed, the inside of the house was dark. Next to the entrance was the door to the living room – the same one in which I talked to the writer. All furniture was covered with white sheets. There was a thick layer of dust on the floor. 
“Nobody’s been here for years,” observed Caroline. 
“But I’m telling you, Brice Meyer talked to me in this living room. He sat in this armchair, and I opposite him,” I said and lifted one of the sheets, stirring up a cloud of dust. “This place was well-groomed. Brice Meyer was waiting for a visitor. Tell me, how can it look like this?”
“I don’t know. Are you sure that this is the right house?”
“I’m sure.” 
This is very strange. Let’s go to the studio; I don’t think we’ll learn anything here.”

EVERY CITY HAS ITS suburbs – forgotten areas filled with warehouses, small factories producing god knows what. In this kind of area in the east of Paris was my studio. 
We found the right street with difficulty. Slowly, we were making our way through a road with crooked sidewalks on each side. 
There were plenty of workshops and storage yards around here. The wind filled the air with dust. 
We turned and went through the gate of a brick house and found ourselves on a concrete yard. On the left, there was a scrap heap. The mountain of metal couldn’t be mistaken for anything else. 
Piled on the heap were old radiators, mattress springs, bent shop signs advertising non-existent companies, bits of cars that were not made anymore. The smell of rust and oil, and a bit of desolation, lingered in the air. In the corner under the fence there was a pile of dry leaves from the last winter. 

The yard was under the control of a short man in a leather apron, who was welding some bars and sending fountains of sparks flying all around. When he saw our car, he took off the mask that made him look like an alien and he stood now with a burner still on, watching us closely. 
When we got out, he switched off the burner and walked towards us. In the corner of his mouth, there was a butt-end of a cigarette. 
“Hello,” he said, still a few feet away from us. 
“Hello,” I replied, but he didn’t even spare me a glance, instead ogling Caroline. In her elegant clothes, she looked like a lost butterfly in the junkyard scenery. 
“You haven’t shown up for a while,” he addressed me, looking at Caroline’s legs. 
“Did someone ask for me?”
“Yeah, they asked…”, he said absently, looking at the outline of Caroline’s breasts visible under her shirt. “They even left something,” he said, scratching a wart on his nose. A strange conversation this was: he was speaking to me via Caroline’s breasts and legs. 
“What did they leave?”, I asked urgently. 
“A parcel,” he said and finally looked at me – although only for a second, because a moment later he was looking at Caroline again. He was watching her as if he had never seen a woman before. Maybe spending so much time in the junkyard turned him into someone Robinson Cruzoe when it comes to women. 
The situation created a tension; Caroline must have felt it too, because she moved closer to me to emphasize that we were together. 
“So, who came asking for me and what did they leave?”, I asked, trying to make my voice sound serious and harsh. 
It worked, because the man turned and headed towards the office. We followed him and a moment later we stood in front of the shed which served as the office of the boss of the junkyard. He slammed the door and disappeared inside, and the sounds of objects being moved around started coming from the shed. 
“I wonder what he does here all days. Guards this?”, I said, pointing to a pile of junk. 
“We already talked about it,” whispered Caroline, holding my elbow. 
“What did I say?”, I asked, surprised. 
“You said that you want to have your studio here because this is a different world, and he,” she said, pointing to the little man’s shed, is like Hephaestus, a mysterious god of an underground forge.”
“A mysterious god of an underground forge. Did I really say that?”
“In those exact words.” 
As she said that, the noises coming from inside the shed stopped, and the little man emerged holding a yellow envelope in a dirty hand.
“A courier brought it for you a few days ago,” he said, handing me the letter. There was a greasy fingerprint on the envelope and a short message: 
“Give it to me, I’ll put it in my handbag”

Paul Ellof
Deliver personally


It was written in decorative handwriting, with a lot of flourishes; the author had to be good at calligraphy. 
 “Give it to me, I’ll put it in my handbag,” said Caroline. I handed her the letter. 
“Yeah, and also, someone’s looking for you,” said the little man with a superior expression of someone who discovered a great secret. 
“Who?”, I asked. 
“A very weird guy…”, he replied, deliberately dragging it out. He was obviously enjoying building the suspense. 
“What guy?”, I asked urgently. 
“He was wearing weird clothes: a black coat and a top hat. Do you imagine that? A top hat!,” he repeated. “Who wears this kind of stuff today?” 
“Did he say anything?”
“Yeah, he said good morning,” he cackled and glanced at Caroline to check if she got the joke. She didn’t. 
“He didn’t say anything. He was a weird one, but there’s been lots of weird people coming here these days. Before, it was mostly chicks coming ‘round here,” he said dreamily and looked at Caroline again, to see if she was impressed with this remark. 
She wasn’t. 
“All right. Thank you for safekeeping the letter.”
“Anytime,” he answered, “we’re neighbors, after all,” he added in a tone of voice suggesting that we’re doing some good teamwork here, shoulder to shoulder: him and I, painting pictures in an old warehouse and welding bars in the junkyard. 
I nodded, pretending to feel that yeah, we’re buddies, we’re in this together and I’ll look after important stuff for him too if he needs me to. 
“The guy in the top hat,” he started again, “came this morning. He said he’ll be back.”
“Right, thank you,” I replied and we were going to walk away when he spoke again. 
“There’s something else…”, he said with an expression suggesting he was about to reveal to us a big secret. 
“Yes?”, I asked, already a bit annoyed by all this aura of mystery. 
“They came and cut off your water. So you can’t really wash your hands.” The statement was completely absurd to me until I looked down, at his greasy hands. Right, that made sense. After all, we all look at everything that happens from our own perspective.  

WE WALKED QUICKLY TOWARDS the studio. The little man was still standing there and watching us.
“Come on, let’s quickly get inside,” said Caroline, “It looks like you really got into some kind of a mess if there are some weird people looking for you; and there’s this guy here. Look, he’s just standing there and staring at us. Give me the key.”
“What key?”, I asked, surprised. 
“The key to the studio. Small, golden. You should have it.” 
I remembered. It was the key that I found in my pocket in Le New York. Now I forgot where I put it. 
We stood in front of the door to the studio. It was located at the end of the yard, in a brick building with a tall chimney, that probably once housed a small factory. In the past, it was used to manufacture some goods; now I was using it to manufacture art. 
I went through my pockets. 
“Hurry up, that guy is still watching us. Normally, he should’ve gone back to his welding already.” 
“I don’t have it. You don’t have the key? You’re my wife.”
 “No, you took it,” she said a little resentfully, “empty your pockets,” she ordered. “Good, now turn them out,” she added when I handed her all that I found in my pockets. 
“What do you mean?”
“Turn your pockets inside out.” As soon as she said it, there was a clink. 
“Bingo!”, exclaimed Caroline. I bent and picked up the key. I was going to unlock the door when Caroline stopped me. 
“Look, someone’s coming.” I looked in the direction in which she was pointing. At the end of the yard, I saw a group of hooded figures, marching towards us. 

THE STRANGE FIGURES WALKED PAST THE JUNK and they were already in the middle of the yard. In front there was a tall man with a hooked nose. It looked like he was the leader of this strange group. He was making great strides and the tails of his coat were flapping with each movement. On his head, he was wearing a worn-out top hat. The coat was unbuttoned and underneath it, a black and white striped shirt was visible, similar to those worn by gondoliers in Venice. It was obviously the person that the little man – who now seemed to have vanished into thin air – had described earlier.
The rest of the bizarre team was wearing random-looking garments: oversized coats, crooked shoes; their hoods were concealing their faces. 

“Run to the car!”, I shouted  and grabbed Caroline’s hand. The men started running. They were closer and closer. There weren’t more than twenty meters between us. We ran to the car but they were much faster. 
Caroline was running in high stilettos and I was holding her hand tight to prevent her from falling over. 
“I can’t go faster,” she moaned. 
“Take off your shoes!” She slid off her stilettos without slowing down; she dropped one. 
“Leave it!”, I shouted. We finally ran up to the car. As soon as we were inside, Caroline locked the doors. Her hands were shaking so hard that she couldn’t put the key in the ignition. 
“Start the car!”, I urged her. The men were only a few meters from the car. Finally, Caroline managed to start the engine and we took off with a screech of tires. 
One of the hooded figures tried to block our way, but Caroline did not slow down. Instead, she stepped on the gas even harder. The man landed on the hood of the car and then fell off the side. We heard shouting, but we didn’t stop. We heard a crash against the top of the trunk; I turned back and saw one of the hooded figures bending down and picking up another rock. We were already out of the gate. 
The gang ran out to the street. They chased us for a moment, but they were finally left behind. I saw them stop and give up  the chase. 
We reached the beltway. the traffic carried us off and we headed towards the city center.
“Ooh! That was exciting!”, exclaimed Caroline, “did you see how that guy threw himself on the hood?! A desperate man. He flew off the side so close to the car that I nearly ran him over…”
“Yeah, I saw that.”
“They wanted to attack us! We were lucky that we managed to escape. I lost one of my favourite stilettos!”
“We’ll get it back, I’m sure the little man will find it.”
“He’s our only hope. Did you see how he looked at me? Pervert.”
“Let’s sit down somewhere, in some public place, and talk,” I suggested. 
“That’s a good plan. A public place, right. I’ll choose,” she said. “That sounds like a line from a spy movie!”, she said with shining eyes. 

CAROLINE DREW UP IN FRONT OF A LARGE hotel, located close to a train station. The doorman side-eyed her a little: she was wearing elegant clothes and walking barefoot, but when we asked for a shoe shop, he cheered up. Doormen do not like weird people, and his initial confusion certainly meant that he hesitated whether he should let us in. But everyone loses their shoes at least once in a lifetime, so he smiled with understanding and explained how to find the shop. 
Caroline bought a new pair of shoes and we sat down at a café in the lobby. A businessman with a copy of Times was at the table next to us, and, further away, a married couple: a man with a small beard and a woman with short, blond hair. She was talking without a pause, and he was silently looking around the room.  
We were surrounded by the soothing buzz of a public space that makes you feel anonymous in the crowd. 
When a waiter approached our table, we ordered two double espresso. 
“What do you think about this whole business?”, I asked, when the waiter was gone. 
“You know, we didn’t see each other for four days, and then you call me and it turns out you lost your memory. I really don’t know what happened.”
“I feel that something’s not right. As if there’s something hanging over me,” I replied. Caroline started to comfort me, cooing in a calming, reassuring voice. I listened to her for a moment, and then I noticed that the bearded man who was listening to the talkative blonde earlier, was now watching me and says something, and nodding in my direction. He was sitting too far from us and I couldn’t hear what he was saying, but he must have watched me for a while, because he caught my eye. When I looked directly at him, he immediately averted his eyes, but I was certain he’d been talking about me. 
“Do you see that guy?”, I said to Caroline. “He was watching me; I think he talked about me with that woman.”
“Oh, come on, don’t be paranoid,” Caroline laughed, “look at him, he’s looking everywhere around the room, he’s probably completely bored by that woman.”
“I don’t know. I feel strange.”
“That’s normal,” she said, laying her hand on my shoulder, “you can’t remember anything, so you need some peace and quiet. You know what? I have an idea.”
“What idea?” 
“Let’s leave the city for a few days.”
“Where do you want to go?”
“To our cottage in the countrywide,” she replied. 
“We have a cottage in the countryside?”
“We do,” she said with a smile. “A stone cottage in the south, by the seaside. There’s a fireplace in the living room, and a bathroom that overlooks a vineyard in a valley. You can take a bath and admire the view.”
“Sounds very promising. When would you like to go?”, I asked.
“Well, we could actually go a few days from now. That’d be the best: after meeting Hugo and some other friends. Do you think that’s a good idea? Are you feeling any better?”
“Yes. What was that thing that you were going to tell me?” 
“About what?”, she asked, surprised.
“About us. You said something happened, but I can’t really remember anything. Maybe I upset you and now you’re planning to eliminate me with an axe, in our cottage somewhere in the countryside…” 
“Stop it,” she laughed, “it’s cute how you don’t know anything, I don’t even know if…” She broke off.
“If what?”
“No, nothing.” 
“That I’m cuter now that before? Is that what you were going to say?”
“That’s not what I was going to say. But maybe there is something to it, too…”, she said pensively. 
“Then tell me what happened.” 
“All right. I’ll tell you after we meet Hugo.”
“Deal. And now, show me,” I said. 
“What?”, she lifted an eyebrow. 
“The letter that guy gave you. You put it in your handbag.”
“Right,” she slapped her forehead, “I completely forgot. But I can see your memory is getting better.” Suddenly, she went quiet. 
“What is it?”
“I don’t have my handbag.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s not here! I must’ve lost it when we were running.” 
For a moment, we sat in silence. If you get a mysterious letter, you should open it without delay. Maybe it contained information that was the key to the whole puzzle. 






CHAPTER 5

THE NEXT DAY, CAROLINE DROPPED ME OFF close to a hotel in which I was going to meet Hugo. The hotel was in a tall, glass building resembling a skyscraper. 
I took the elevator to the top floor where the bar was. It was eleven a.m. and the place was empty. Busy time begun in the evening, when people came to admire the panorama of the city. 
Now, the only customer was a young man sitting on a comfortable looking couch by a large window. He was wearing a white, linen suit, long, swept-back hair, the a pair of Gucci sunglasses on top of his head. He had a shining watch on his wrist and espadrilles on his feet. He had an air of a person in the middle of a holiday, who left his yacht behind for a moment to get a quick coffee with me. He was tanned. He saw me and waved to me. It was, indeed, my friend Hugo.
“Hello,” he said, half-rising from the couch, and half-sitting. He half-smiled at me, too. I quickly noticed that everything he did was incomplete and moderate. He was partially happy and partially sad. As if there was something that stopped him from being natural. Whatever it was, I sensed a reserve.
He was watching me closely. 
“Where’s your wife?”, he asked with a smirk that struck me as slightly ironic. 
“Oh, she just dropped me off and went somewhere to deal with some business of hers.” 
“I see,” he said, looking away. 
“Why did you want to meet me here?”,  I asked. 
“Look at this view,” he gestured towards the panorama of Paris. “Do you see that guy, the one walking down that street there?”, he pointed to a small alleyway. “He was at the bakery store. Now he’s at the florist’s. He doesn’t even know that I’m watching him. And anyway, this is where we always meet, dear friend,” he paused, looking at me suspiciously. “You really can’t remember? You can’t mess with Hugo. Come on, tell the truth,” he looked at me insistently. 
“I can’t remember anything,” I replied. “I lost my memory. I don’t know what happened.”
“Hmm,” he sighed, “if I only could lose my memory,” he said, lost in thought. My confession didn’t really impress him, as though he was used to this kind of revelations after every weekend.  
“A drink?”, he asked suddenly. 
“No, thanks.” 
“What do you mean?”, I asked, surprised. 
“Maybe you want to start everything anew and that’s why you came up with this…”
“Why do you think so?”
“You never used to drink alcohol during the day. Only in the evening. I can’t see that you’ve changed in any way.” 
“Really? I want to ask you to do something for me.”
“Yes?”
“I want you to tell me about myself. Perhaps it’ll bring back my memories.” 
“If that’s what you want,” he said, laughing. 
A waiter approached, asking if we would like to order anything. 
“No,” said Hugo, “we changed our minds. We’re leaving.” He stood up and headed towards the exit. I followed him. 
“Hey, we were going to talk. You said you’d tell me about myself. I heard you were my friend?”
“Of course I am,” he said, hooking his arm around the back of my neck, “we’ll just go somewhere else, fool. We’ll go to our usual place. Hugo’ll show you the way,” he said with a wink. “And you’ll get your coffee for free.”
We rode the elevator to the first floor and crossed the huge lobby. We found ourselves in front of a wide counter, behind which sat a blonde woman wearing a great amount of powder that made her face similar to a mask. 
“Is this your first time here?”, she asked in an unnatural, saccharine smile. 
“No,” said Hugo, “this is my one hundred fifty eighth time, and my friend here,” he said, pointing to me, “practically lives here.”
The blonde smiled, or rather, grimaced artificially. “I’ll need to see your IDs or passports.” 
Hugo nudged me in the arm. I handed him my passport. I looked behind us and saw a room full of roulette tables, arcade games, and smaller tables for card games. There weren’t any windows here, and the room was lit by lamps hanging above the stations. Behind each table stood a black-clad croupier. Despite the early hour, there were already a lot of players. 
“Come,” said Hugo, handing me back my passport. We approached a roulette table on the side of the room. Hugo sat on a tall chair; I sat in one next to him. Hugo took out a hundred Euro note and threw it on the table. The croupier noticed it immediately. 
“Which color would you like?”
“Is red available?”, asked Hugo. 
“Yes,” replied the croupier. 
“I’ll take the reds,” said Hugo and a moment later, there was a neat pile of chips in front of him. 
“Thank you. A little incentive,” he said and threw two chips back on the table. 
“Thank you,” replied the croupier and took the tip. Meanwhile, Hugo took a handful of chips and started throwing them from hand to hand. I noticed a lot of other people here were doing the same thing. I looked at Hugo and I realized that I don’t even know about it. There was some sort of bond between him and other people in this place. 
A waitress walked up to us. 
“Two coffees, please,” said Hugo. He was in his element. 
All of a sudden, he stood from his chair and started placing bets. The croupier spun the wheel and the ball started running around the wheel, whirring quietly. 
“Rien ne va plus,” announced the croupier. But Hugo didn’t listen. “No more bets, sir”, the croupier admonished. “This is out of the game,” he said and took off the table the chips which Hugo bet on too late. The ball fell on a red eighteen. The croupier put a blac-and-white dolly on the table and started to sweep away the losing bets into a hole in the table. Once they fell in, some mysterious machinery counted and segregated them. 
“Did you win anything?”, I asked.
“No,” replied Hugo, “I bet on the black ones, but fortunately enough, I was too late and the croupier removed my bet. The ball fell on red, so I would’ve lost,” he explained. “But it’s gonna change; do you want to play?”
“Me?”
“Who else?”, he laughed. 
“No, thanks.”
“I think you really lost your memory,” he looked at me suspiciously. “You used to love casinos, just like me.”
The waitress came back with our coffees. She put them on the table in front of us. She was very polite. Everyone here was extremely courteous; too courteous, even. Perhaps it was supposed to make the loss more palatable.
 “Look how much this guy won,” he nudged me in the side, nodding towards an old Chinese man. The croupier was sliding a big pile of grey chips towards him. “In a moment, we’ll win like this too,” he said cheerfully, throwing chips from hand to hand. 
“Why did you want to come here?”, I asked, “We can’t really talk here.”
“I just wanted to drop in for a moment, I have some spare money now. Also…”, he paused and took a sip of his coffee. 
“What?”
“In a moment we’ll go somewhere quiet and talk. Since you lost your memory, I thought you might remember something here.” 
There were various people coming up to the table, placing bets, and walking away. 
“How do they not get tired of that?”, Hugo wondered. “They just walk around the room and just place bets here and there randomly. I prefer to play at one table. But everyone’s got their own style.”
“What is happening between me and my wife?”, I asked. 
“What do you mean, what is happening?”, he shrugged. 
“Tell me.”
“Do you trust me?”, he asked suddenly. 
“Yes,” I replied. 
“Good. We’ll go to the bar and talk about it, all right?”, he said, putting his hand on my shoulder. He started betting again; this time, he stopped before the croupier’s rien ne va plus.  
“You know…”, Hugo said, pausing for a sip of coffee, “I’ll tell you, because you probably can’t remember. Once, I loved someone too, and I thought that she loved me back. Her name was Michelle-”
“Number twenty nine, black,” the croupier announced. 
“I knew it. I should’ve bet more,” said Hugo with annoyance. The croupier gave him a small prize. 
“And, you know,” Hugo continued his confession, “it turned out that it didn’t mean as much as I thought it did. When the first problems appeared, it just all crumbled. It’s over,” he made a vague gesture with his hand, “but somewhere in here,” he tapped his chest, “I still got the memories and that’s painful. Because it could’ve worked out. I tried. I loved her… Michelle loved the casino, we used to come here so often. So many memories…”, he sighed and I understood that even if he hit the jackpot and won all chips in this casino, he’d still feel that he’s lost. 
“All right, thirty-two to the maximum,” he decided. We sat in silence for a while. 
“Peter, please be kind to me,” Hugo said to the croupier, looking at his name tag. 
“I will try,” the man replied, laughing. 
“Yes!,” Hugo jumped to his feet in excitement, “see, it’s thirty-two,” he explained, “I told you we’d win.” The croupier pushed a large pile of chips in his direction. Hugo put some of them in his pocket and patted my back. 
“We won a load of money,” he rejoiced, “because you see, sometimes, in a casino, you just know what’s gonna happen. It’s some kind of suspension of time. You get ahead of it by a second or two and you just know what’s gonna happen. As I just did,” he finished, pointing to himself. 

He started to watch the table. He was preparing himself to make some big bets that could give him an even bigger pile of chips. The Chinese guy, meanwhile, was standing sadly, turning and weighing one chip in his hand. He lost everything. 
“Look at him,” I said, pointing to the Chinese guy. 
“Everyone plays how they can,” Hugo shrugged. 
“You don’t know what could’ve happened to me?”
“I don’t know. If I knew, I would tell you. Maybe the powers that be took pity on you,” he laughed. I wish I could lose my memory. You know, to forget Michelle. I still see her in my mind when I close my eyes. Worse, I keep dreaming about her. I dream that we’re happy together, and then I wake up and think about what we could’ve had. Do you know what I feel sometimes?”
“What?”
“Maybe it’s silly, but I feel as if she can enter my dreams. And do you know what I dream about?”
“Yeah?”
“I see her brushing her hair aside, and smiling. I see her eyes. I look at all those familiar gestures and smiles. I remember it all. Then she sees me and our eyes meet. She looks at me and I know that she wants to tell me something, something super important. Her lips tremble a little and it seems that she is on the verge of saying it, but she doesn’t. She is always mute and she torments me. I keep begging her. I say, Michelle, I’m begging you, tell me – but she just watches me, and only smiles a little with one corner of her mouth. That’s the smile that always got straight to my heart. She tilts her head, her eyes are shining, I can hear her breath, I can smell her scent. God, it’s a torture. Now I know that nobody is ever going to smell like that, that each scent will be wrong.” He looked straight into my eyes. “Do you understand?”
“I understand.” 
There was a red seven on the roulette. Hugo won again. The croupier pushed a new stack of chips in his direction. 
“I’d like to exchange, please,” said Hugo. 
“You’re not playing anymore?”, the croupier was surprised. 
“For the moment, no,” 
The croupier exchange the red chips to about a dozen one hundred Euro ones, and we left the casino. 
“Now we’ll talk,” said Hugo. 

WE WENT TO A SUSHI BAR on the same floor. It was completely empty. Hugo ordered a small set and a type of plum wine called choya.
“What would you like?”
“Water,” I replied. 
“Water? Maybe green tea, at least? It’s a sushi bar.”
“Fine,” I agreed. A bartender in a kimono came and placed a board with rolled hot towels in front of us. We wiped our hands, and a moment later the bartender was back with our drinks. Suddenly, Hugo’s phone started ringing. 
“Hello,” he said a bit nervously; then, as if by magic, his voice became syrupy sweet. “Oh, it’s you… Yes, I’m in the hotel with my friend Paul; we’re in the sushi bar on the first floor. Yes, do come, then I’ll take you somewhere. No, I can’t tell you, it would spoil the surprise.” 
He ended the call.    
“You’re going to meet my sister, Cassandra. I mean, you’ve already met her, but in your current state,” he paused to tap me on the forehead, “you’ll meet her for a second time.”
The bartender came back and put the sushi set in front of us. 
“Help yourself,” said Hugo. I saw how deftly he was using his chopsticks and I hesitated. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to use them, but, to my surprise, I managed as well as him. 
“After all, you’re a sushi lover,” Hugo commented, watching me. 
“Do I?”
He nodded. “Let’s talk, Cassandra’s going to be here in a moment. Now I see that you really lost your memory. When Caroline called me and said you had amnesia, I thought it was a joke. One of those games of yours. You like playing games. But when I saw that you didn’t even want to place bets, back in the casino, I understood that something’s happened.”
“But what? What could’ve happened?”
“I don’t know, but we’ll figure it out, remember.” He ate in silence for a while, and then he spoke again, “I just want you to be careful…” He paused and looked at me, “There’s been something strange going on in the city,” he said, sipping his wine. “Someone’s been breaking into artists’ studios and destroying the paintings.”
“What?”
“It’s weird. They’re after female portraits; they cut out the face and leave the rest. It’s really strange.”
“Who’s doing this?”
“Are you kidding? Nobody knows. The police are at their wit’s end. They should basically secure each recently painted female portrait, but it’s impossible.”
“How do you know about this?”
“Well, you know…” he made a meaningful pause, “as you know, or actually - don’t know, I do all kinds of stuff. I transport and deliver various things, so I know if something’s up.”
“What kind of stuff do you deliver?”
“Oh, a lot of different kinds of parcels…”, he said vaguely. He looked for the bartender from the corner of his eye, but he was in the back and couldn’t possibly hear us. “Now, for example, my sister and I are going to transport ten million dollars. I’m joking,” he said suddenly. 
After all, I lost my memory. For him, I wasn’t someone trustworthy enough for this kind of confessions – or maybe he was actually joking. Hugo wasn’t a simple man and he couldn’t be cracked in a short conversation. 
“What happened the last time we saw each other?”
“It was on April 13th, or so, it was a Friday; we went to a party, and we got wasted. You had fun and you were in a great mood. I can’t remember much of that night, but there was one thing that stood out. You met a girl. But that, I’ll tell you when I’m back,” he said with a teasing smile.
“Until then, there’s one thing I want to ask you,” he said and look straight into my eyes, “be careful. And pay attention to everything that happens. Can you promise me you’ll do that?”
“Yes,” I replied. 
“Good,” he said. “I’ll be back in two weeks. That’s when we can meet again and talk.” 
Abruptly, he went quiet and looked to the side. I followed his gaze and I saw the golden doors of the elevator sliding open. And then, there was a tall, mixed-race woman walking across the red carpet. It was her Hugo was looking at. The subject of our conversation wasn’t a priority anymore.  

The closer the woman was, the more Hugo was staring. She had black, shiny hair, but it looked quite extraordinary. It had a light sheen of dark blue and they were shining like the hair of the girls in shampoo commercial, which make people buy the shampoos. People who want to have hair like that, don’t realize – not consciously, anyway – that you have to be born with hair like this. 
The woman was walking with a confident spring in her step; it was clear that knew exactly where she was going. Her movements exuded an air of confidence, too, with a hint of arrogance that always accompanies this kind of beauty. There was something feline about her, and something that made her look as if the hotel was her territory. She had sharp cheekbones which made her look a bit exotic. She had very large mouth, with the upper lip slightly curved upwards. She drew attention. Suddenly, she realized that we were watching her and looked first at Hugo, and then at me. I was standing and trying to absorb this otherworldly apparition, when she walked up to us, kissed Hugo on the lips and me on the cheek.   
“Meet my sister,” Hugo said. The woman was watching me with intensely black eyes, but didn’t say anything. Her face was still; she looked like a living statue rather than a human being. 
Up close, I noticed that she wasn’t really mixed-race; she was just heavily tanned. Up close, she was also even more beautiful, I decided. Seeing someone this beautiful intimidates. It looked almost unreal. She was dressed in a skirt, blue blouse, and, I swear to god, she was flawless. At least I couldn’t find any. Everyone has flaws. She didn’t. She looked photoshopped. Even the folds of the fabric of her blouse were perfect, and below the neckline, I could see the outline of perfect breasts.
“Similar to me?” Hugo said, grabbing her by the neck and drawing her towards himself, so that they stood with faces pressed against each other. I compared and saw two pairs of the same black eyes. 
“She’s your sister?”, I asked, surprised. 
“Absolutely,” he laughed. “My little Cassi.”
“He knows who I am,” Cassandra interrupted him. 
“You think so?”
“I know Paul,” she said, and her face didn’t betray any hint of surprise. As though her countenance was devoid of any expression. 
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Hugo laughed again. “He doesn’t remember you,” he said, pointing at me. “He lost his memory.”
“What do you mean?”, she asked and again, the surprise was only in her voice. Her face was perfectly still.
“Paul lost his memory. Well, tough, things like that happen in these times. Stress, the rat race, they all take their toll,” Hugo said with a serious face. Cassi nudged him. 
“Stop it, you’re always joking, I don’t even know anymore…”
“What is it that you don’t know?”
“What is true and what isn’t.”
“Truth is relative and it’s always somewhere in the middle,” Hugo said, laughing. Cassandra, meanwhile, took his chopsticks and ate a nigiri.

She had a shiny watch on her wrist. On her forehead, there was a pair of Chanel sunglasses, embedded with pearls. There was no question these two were siblings. Actually, the longer I watched them, the more similarities I saw between them. However, their relationship was a bit odd. She was standing and embracing Hugo. I’d have said they looked more like a couple, not siblings. 
“Did you really lose your memory?”, asked Cassi, looking at me. 
“Yes,” I replied. 
“What happened? Did you have an accident?”
“I don’t know. I’m trying to figure it out. I keep meeting people who say they know me.”
“That’s good. I’m sure it’s all going to be fine. I have a question to you…”
“Yes?”
“Where did you go earlier? To the casino, right?” She put a cold hand on my forearm. She had long fingers with ivory-colored nails. She was speaking slowly, and then she smiled, showing a set of perfect teeth. Her black eyes were shining. She intimidated. 
“Yes,” I admitted. Instead of replying, she took Hugo in her arms. As it turned out a moment later, she did it only to go through the pockets of his suit jacket. She took out his passport and chips. 
“I’m taking these over,” she announced. “I’m taking the passport too, so you can’t go back there,” she added and walked away towards the casino to collect the money he won. Hugo looked after her with a smile. 
“What a great woman,” he said. “If it wasn’t for her, I’d have lost everything. She always appears at the right moment.”
“Is she really your sister?”
“Why do you doubt it? Because she kissed me on the mouth?”, he said with annoyance. “I can see the old Paul now, always asking questions. It’s a shame you lost your memory, because I have to explain everything again. Cassi is my half-sister. We live together now. My family is scattered all over the world and she is my only family now.” 
“I don’t understand. What do you mean, everybody left?”
“My parents went to Majorca and decided to stay there after they retired,” he explained, “my other sister got married and lives in Madera now. So, everyone lives on an island. I’m the only one who doesn’t have one of his own. My island is Versailles, because that’s where Cassi and I live.”
It started raining again. Streams of water were flowing down the glass walls of the hotel. 
“It’s been raining a lot recently,” Hugo observed. “It’s spring, the weather should be nice,” he added pensively. 

WE WERE SILENT FOR A MOMENT. Then, I started to tell him about all the bizarre things that happened to me. Hugo had no idea why Caroline and I were chased by a weird-looking gang in the yard outside of the studio. He also didn’t know who the man in the top hat could be. 

“You have some weird acquaintances,” he said, “like for example Steph, a crazy artist, weird and ugly – but you were fascinated by her weirdness. Or, another of your friends, Franck. Franck Franckenstein, as I call him. I never liked him. Such a holier-than-thou. Always doing the right thing, and always with words of wisdom ready. He uses philosophical sentences like a secret weapon, and he always does it when you’re hung-over, after a party, you lost at the casino, and the last thing you need is pearls of wisdom Paulo Coelho-style. The worst thing is, you know he’s right, because he’s always right. Being right is the main trait of his personality. He was born right. It’s really fucking difficult to talk to him. I can’t stand him and I asked you thousands of times why you hang out with him. “Because he fascinates me” – those are your words. You like weird people.
“Why do you think I lost my memory?”
“If I knew, I’d tell you,” he sighed, “but I really don’t know. I don’t know if you had any problems. You’re an artist, you paint – it’s a peaceful profession. But maybe it has something to do with the weird stuff that’s been happening…” he made a hesitant pause. 
“You mean the break-ins and faces cut out from the paintings?”
“Yes. After all, you are a painter, too. You were just working on a series of female nudes. But I don’t really know. Maybe you and Caroline should go somewhere else for a bit, just to take some rest. Maybe this is all caused by fatigue. You’ve been  painting by night a lot, lately. You like to have a joint from time to time, maybe this time you took some drugs,” he shrugged. “I don’t know, I’m just thinking aloud,” he added.  
“What about the weird people who chased us?”
“Maybe it’s just a coincidence – this part of the city is not Versailles, so maybe they just wanted to mug you. Maybe that’s what happened; maybe someone mugged you, beat you up and that’s why you lost your memory. Did you go to hospital?”
“Yeah, but the tests didn’t show anything.”
“Maybe it’ll get back to normal in a few days.” 

I listened to Hugo and suddenly, I felt that he could be right. Maybe it was actually very simple.  
“You’re right, I think I should get away. Caroline mentioned a cottage in the countryside.”
“That’s a good idea. You bought that cottage recently, you talked about it a lot; it has a gorgeous view of the vineyard, apparently. Go, get some rest.” 
“I’ll do that,” I replied. 
“Cassi’s back,” said, Hugo, pointing to the lobby. “I’m taking her to see How to Steal a Million. Audrey Hepburn’s in it. It’s her favorite actress.”
“Is that the surprise?”
“Yes,” he smiled, “little good surprises keep relationships, and friendships, alive.” 
Cassi approached and we started to say our goodbyes. 
“I hope things clear out for you soon,” Cassi said, putting her hand on my shoulder. Then she kissed my cheek. There was something about her that made one feel sad to watch her walk away. 
Hugo gave me a friendly pat on the back. 
“Be careful with weird friends,” he whispered, “I want to see you in one piece when I’m back.”
Then we parted ways.  
 







CHAPTER 6

NIGHT FELL, SO QUIET AND DARK that there weren’t even any dogs barking in the silence, no stars shining and it seemed the street lamps’ light was dimmer than usual. The world looked as if it was dipped in a deep, dark well. 
It was the exact kind of night that we’d been waiting for. We decided to put off leaving the city and go to the studio to thoroughly search it. We hoped that we would be able to find something that could give us a clue and help solve the puzzle. 
We left at midnight. It was a night in the middle of the week, and the streets were empty. A few tourists could be seen in mostly deserted cafés, who were doing the obligatory part of each Parisian holiday: going out in the evening and drinking a carafe of wine. The actual Parisians’ habits are, of course, completely different.   
The area where the studio was located looked ghostly at this hour. Light mist filled the streets and the light of the street lamps was so faint that they looked as though they were on the brink of going out. If that happened, primal darkness, from before humans walked on Earth, would take over this place. 
Slowly, with the lights off, we drove into the yard and drove past the pile of junk. There was only one lamp here. We stopped the car close to the fence, next to the little man’s shed. The spot was a dark corner outside of the circle of light of the lamp, so the car was completely invisible here. For a moment, we sat in silence, listening, but the place was quiet and still. 
When we got out of the car, we were surrounded by the smell of the evening wind of the suburbs, mixed with the scent of the local woods. Somewhere in the distance, there was a sound of a train being shunted into a siding, the wheels clack-clacking rhythmically a bit like an old clock – and there is something a bit eerie about those. When the train clacked away, we left our dark corner and entered the yard. It was empty and still. No living soul anywhere. There was mist hovering in the air above the yard, and if it was London instead of Paris, Jack the Ripper could  emerge from this mist. 
We tiptoed towards the shed, careful not to trip on the junk. We certainly did not need that kind of noise in this silence; it was entirely possible that someone was observing this place from a distance. 
The shed was closed. On the door, we found a note, saying closed until further notice. It was underlined with a thick line, meaning that the reason for closing was an important one, and the notice wasn’t coming in the nearest future. The little man had clearly sensed trouble and decided to wait the storm out somewhere else. He was so cocky before, when he talked to us; now, he probably decided to be cocky somewhere else. 
We sneaked along the fence and after a moment, we were standing in front of the door of the studio. I opened it quickly and we entered the dark interior. Caroline immediately bolted the door from the inside.
Even though it was dark, I could sense it was a big space. We stood for a moment, listening, but there were no sounds coming from inside the room. Outside, we could hear some distant city noises; inside the studio there was dead silence. 
“Let’s switch on the flashlights,” Caroline whispered, “and let’s better hurry,” she added. I ran the flashlight beam across the walls. The studio was tall, with unplastered walls painted white. 
In the corner stood some kind of huge machine; a leftover after the factory closed down. On the walls hung the canvases. They were female nudes. Each was painted with trick lines, winding and twisting like a snake, and forming legs, hips, breasts, hands, and faces. The style was dynamic and full of movement. The canvases weren’t stretched; they were hanging loosely and the delicate movement of the air caused them – and the painted figures with them – to sway lightly. 
“These are your works,” said Caroline. 
“They’re impressive,” I replied. 
“Do you recognize them?”, she asked. 
“No…”
We moved further into the room. A massive sculpture of a man carrying a ball emerged from the darkness. Next to the sculpture, there was a metal staircase leading upstairs. 
“What’s up there?”
“Your office,” explained Caroline, “let’s go there.” We started climbing the stairs. Our steps clanged on the metal stairs, even though we tried to be as quiet as possible.”
Upstairs, there was a broad mezzanine full of renovated antiques – old armchairs, mirrors, paintings in richly decorated frames. On one of the walls, there was a small collection of old icons. The flat faces of the saints looked back at us with black eyes. By the window stood a huge desk. 
Caroline bent and started rummaging through the drawers. I, meanwhile, took a stroll around this strange, cluttered place, looking for something that could reanimate my memory.  
For now, nothing looked familiar. I could be taking a tour of another artist’s studio, looking at the fruits of his work and at his collections, and it would be the same.
Busy looking around, I walked into a chair, stacked high with empty paint cans. They scattered noisily all over the floor, some rolling towards the staircase and falling downstairs. We froze. I didn’t even suspect that a couple of cans in combination with a staircase could make such terrible racket. If I knew, I’d have watched every step. 
One of the cans rolled across the whole studio. It looked as though, driven by some mysterious force, it was never going to stop. Finally, it bounced off the wall and stopped somewhere in the corner. 
And then there was silence. It was the kind of silence that happens after great noise that is going to bring trouble. Fortunately enough, we were locked inside the studio and protected by a thick, steel door.
“Shh,” Caroline hissed, walking up to me. She switched off her flashlight and covered my hand with hers, suggesting that I do the same. We stood in complete darkness for a moment, listening, but we didn’t hear anything but silence. 
“All right,” Caroline whispered, “I don’t think anybody heard us. Let’s go downstairs, take a look around and go home. We won’t find anything upstairs.” 
We switched the flashlights back on. 
“What are we looking for, exactly?”, I asked. 
“Your phone and planner,” she said, as we carefully descended the staircase. 

On the right side of the entrance, there was a small kitchenette, and in the back of the room, I saw a platform on the floor, on which stood a large, iron bed with the headboard finished with brass knobs. Behind the platform, there was a great, factory-type window with small panes. Another one was above the kitchen counter. They were the source of the small amount of light in the room, coming from the lamp out in the yard. 
“Is this where I sleep?”, I asked, looking at the bed. 
“Yes,” Caroline replied, sounding a bit odd. She seemed to be uncomfortable in the studio, as if this was the enemy ground. 
The kitchenette had a hole in the floor. I saw something flashing inside. I walked closer and it turned out that it was flooded with water. A few cigarettes and a wooden chair were floating on the surface. 
“Why is there water here?”
“Oh, no,” moaned Caroline, “these are stairs to the basement. It’s all flooded. You must have left water running in the bathroom. The entrance to the other part of the studio is down there.”
“What now?”
“I don’t know. There are a few other rooms downstairs, the kitchen, the bathroom, a small closet, and a narrow corridor leading to the back. That’s where you had another room. That’s where your planner should be. And your phone, and anything that give us a clue,” Caroline sat down resignedly on a crooked chair. 
“That’s why the little man said that he saw some people from the water board around here. They probably came to cut off your water or you’d flood the whole area,” she said, standing up and walking towards the kitchenette, where she started looking for something, clashing mugs. 
“What are you doing?”
“I’m looking for an ashtray,” she said, “this mug will be perfect.”

I got some chairs and we sat down, switched off the flashlights again and lit cigarettes. Now, in the dark, I could only see the outline of Caroline’s silhouette and the glowing red end of the cigarette. 
“You think we couldn’t walk through that flooded basement?”, I asked. “Maybe there’s some air under the ceiling?”
  “It’s too dangerous,” she said. “Let’s come back here in a few days. The water will surely be lower then. I think that what we should do now, is to search this room. Maybe we’ll find something, or maybe it’ll help you regain your memory…” 
“You know, I walked around this room a bit and I haven’t recognized anything. I don’t recognize the paintings, I don’t recognize this place. Nothing comes to my mind. It all feels completely unfamiliar.”
“That’s weird,” she said, “I was sure you’d remember something…”
“Listen,” I said suddenly, “can you finally tell me what happened between us?”
“You want to listen to that now?”, she asked, and I heard a surprise in her voice. It was strange to have this conversation like this, barely seeing her face in the dark.
“Yes,” I replied slowly. I had enough of putting this off forever. “I keep getting the impression that you don’t want to be here, in this studio.”
“What would you do if I told you that yes, you’re right: I don’t want to be here, and I don’t want you to try to get your memory back.”
“I don’t understand. What do you mean?”
“If you regain your memory, this means all our problems coming back. I don’t want that. I’m just being honest.”
“Then why are you helping me?”
“Because that’s what you want,” the red end of her cigarette went still. 
“Tell me everything from the beginning.” 
“You know, for me it’s good that you lost your memory.”
“Why?”
“You used to be a terrible asshole.”
“Me?”
“Yes, you! There was always something wrong. You couldn’t paint in the flat, because you felt suffocated and limited, so you moved here, to your precious studio. And you always had so many expectations of me, as if you had some perfect image of me in your head, and what I did didn’t match that image. Eventually, I’d sneeze and think, damn, that image-me surely doesn’t sneeze, do you understand what I mean?”
“I do.”
“And there’s that Hugo. Your friend, who was always more important than me. And you’d disappear somewhere and I didn’t know where you went. Our marriage is over,” she finished sadly, “it’s only on paper. We don’t even live together anymore…”
“It doesn’t have to end like this,” I said. 
“When you get your memory back, it will all be the same again. Nobody can ever escape from themselves.”
“You know, you sometimes say really wise things.”
“When you were in a good mood, you used to say that I say things straight from unwritten books. You even used to write them down, to publish them some day.”
“That’s actually pretty nice, maybe I’m not such a terrible man after all…”
“It’s hard for me to say this, but I don’t want you to work on your memory. Now you’re mine,” she touched my cheek, “and when you have your memory back, it’ll all start again.”
“Don’t say that.”
“Unfortunately, that’s what I think. I can’t help it,” she sighed. She threw the cigarette butt in the mug and the red dot disappeared. I didn’t know how to reply to what she said. Now I understood why she’d been putting this conversation off and why she’d been so cold and reserved towards me.
Caroline stood up and switched on the flashlight and went to poke around in the cabinets. She was doing it just to have something to do – something better than sitting sadly in silence. 
“It’s here! I found it!”
“What did you find?”
“Your planner.”
“Where was it?”, I asked, walking towards her. 
“Between mugs in the cupboard.”
“That’s great!”
“I don’t know,” she said, “you know what I think, but I found it for you. You see, now you can’t doubt my good intentions,” she added a bit reproachfully, as if she knew what I’d thought earlier. I wanted to assure her that it wasn’t like that, but suddenly, we both froze. Someone was twisting the door handle. Someone wanted to get inside. Fortunately enough, Caroline had locked the door. 

“SWITCH OFF THE FLASHLIGHT,” CAROLINE WHISPERED. “Damn, it’s probably that gang. They must have seen the light; the windows here are so big, I completely forgot about it.”
“Don’t worry, we’re locked in.”
“But they can smash the windows and get inside. There’s no bars in the windows,” she replied, and she was right. All that we could do was sit in the dark and hope that our presence hasn’t been noticed, and then, we could try to get out in the morning. 
“I tell you, one of them was watching the studio, they already know we’re inside. Even the little man disappeared. This is some really nasty business,” Caroline whispered. 
“Why do you think so?”
“Who else would go to such lengths and come here to look for you? Remember, we hit one of them with the car, maybe even ran him over. What if they’re police? What if that man is dead? Who’s going to believe us now that it was them who attacked us first?”, whispered Caroline frantically. 
There were sounds of steps and muffled voices behind the door. Then, someone violently yanked the door handle. Then someone kicked the door. It was clear these people didn’t come in peace.   
Suddenly, we saw two shadows climbing to the windowsill of the window over the cupboards. After a moment, two figures were standing on the sill and smashing the small panes with their shoes. 
“They’re inside! They’re inside!”, they shouted in raspy voices. There was no time left to lose. We had to run. 
Without hesitation, I grabbed Caroline’s hand and we jumped into the flooded entrance to the basement. There was a bit space left under the ceiling. We started quickly making our way through the flooded corridor. 
We walked neck-deep in water. There were some small items, chairs, and even a small table drifting on the surface. The corridor ended with a large room, also completely flooded. The water was deeper here and we had to swim, but fortunately, there was enough space for us to still keep our heads above the water level. We were dodging between the floating chairs and tables. Caroline was holding the planner above her head, keeping it from getting wet. 
There was a door at the end of the room. Caroline pressed the handle, but the door was locked. 
“What now?”, I asked. We started listening. There were sounds of steps and agitated voices coming from upstairs. Our pursuers were already inside the studio. Suddenly, we heard  a splash. They weren’t going to give up the chase so easily; they quickly figured out where we escaped and they jumped in the water after us. In a few moments, they would reach us; it seemed we were doomed. 
“Is there any other exit?”, I asked. 
“No.” 
“We have to break down the door. They don’t look very solid,” I suggested. 
“Wait.” 
“What for?”, I asked, surprised. 
“I just remembered something. Move over a bit,” ordered Caroline and she started feeling along the upper edge of the door frame. “You used to have the habit of hiding the key to the back room,” she said, and a second later, she was holding the key in her hand. 
“Open the door!”, I urged her. 
“They’re over there!”, we suddenly heard. 
The pursuers were already at the other end of the room. There was only a few meters’ distance to swim between them and us.   
Caroline turned the key in the lock and pressed the handle. Opening the door in a room filled with water is not an easy task; we pushed it as hard as we could and they slowly opened. Seeing what we were doing, the attackers lunged forward with even more energy. 
We squeezed through the door at the last moment. They were right behind us. Caroline turned the key and a split second later, the men started banging on the door. 
“Quick! Follow me,” said Caroline and started walking. Behind the door was a narrow corridor. The water here was up to our necks. 
A few meters later we reached an spiral iron staircase. We quickly climbed upstairs and found ourselves in a dark room above the flooding level. 
It was a large room with a broad desk, a big couch, and a table. There were heavy, draped curtains drawn closed  over the windows. A huge, crystal mirror was hanging on one of the walls. I hoped Caroline would open it and reveal a secret compartment, like the one in the flat, where we’ll be able to hide. 
“What now?”, I asked, “They’re going to break down the door downstairs any moment now.”
Instead of answering, Caroline drew the curtains back with a whirr and opened the window. We were on a high ground floor. Without hesitation, we jumped out of the window and landed in bushes.
We reached an old, wooden fence and through a hole we got out into the deserted street. There were blank walls of houses and fences stretching along the length of it. On the right, the end of the street disappeared in the darkness; on the left, there was a spot of light. 
We rushed towards the light. We were completely drenched, the clothes were sticking to our skin, but we ignored it. We were running as fast as we could, trying to put as much distance as possible between us and the studio. Especially that by now, our pursuers surely forced open the thin door we shut in their faces and they probably already saw the open window in the office. As if by magic, these thoughts gave us renewed energy when we thought we couldn’t go on anymore. 
I kept looking behind, but the street was empty. We were already some distance from the hole in the fence through which we got out, but we weren’t stopping. 
The light of the street lamps was becoming stronger and it was clear that we were returning to the civilization. Finally, we reached the lit end of the street; it ended with a roundabout, behind which there was a row of tall, well-lit buildings with stores on the ground level. I looked back. Far away, in the alley we just ran out of, loomed the dark figures of the pursuers. They weren’t giving up. There was no time to lose; we had to keep running.   
We ran towards the buildings. There was a narrow lane between them; we turned into it, and then into another. We kept dashing into random alleys to throw off the chase. We stopped running and were just walking at a brisk pace. 
Finally, after a lot of criss-crossing, we stumbled upon a Chinese restaurant. We went inside and walked up to the counter. There was nobody behind it. Above it, there was a menu board with a list of cheap meals. The place smelled of rancid oil and the odors of suspicious meat, cockroaches, dirty water in the bucket that was used to mop the floor, and on top of that, the smell of sweaty bodies working in the kitchen.
An elderly Chinese woman walked out from the back. We ordered two orange juices; she gave them to us, and didn’t even blink at the fact that we were both wearing completely drenched clothes. 
W sat down at a table in the back of the room, away from the window. We were the only customers. On the tables, there were small vases with artificial flowers, yellowed from the grease. It’s good to hide away in a subpar place like this. 
The sounds of Edith Piaf’s La Vie En Rose were coming from speakers hidden behind the artificial ferns. This music was completely out of place here. But it didn’t matter. Finally, we could take some rest from the running. We felt that if someone was following us, they definitely lost the trail by now. Now we just had to call for a taxi and go home. 
“Do you have the planner?”, I asked. 
“Yes,” said Caroline, putting the thick, red notebook on the table. “I kept it above my head so it didn’t get wet. I’m sure it’s going to be helpful.” 
We were sitting, drinking the orange juice, and feeling the muscles in our legs shiver from exhaustion. 
“This is getting dangerous,” Caroline said, “it’s weird that that gang is after you. I really think we should go to the countryside. If we pack up and go now, we’ll be there in the morning.”
“That’s a good idea,” I admitted, “are you thinking the same as me?”
“Which is?” 
“That we should call the police?”
“Yeah, I thought about it. Things are taking a weird turn; on the other hand though, we don’t know what you got entangled in. What if it turns out that you’re wanted by the police?” I said nothing. “Then you’ll just give yourself up to them; and we don’t even know what is going on…” 
“That’s true…” 
“Please, trust me,” she said, “it’ll be for the best if we leave the city.” 

    



CHAPTER 7

THE COTTAGE WAS IN THE SOUTH of the country where spring had already settled in for good. It was made of stone and, in the past, it served as accommodation for the workers from the nearby vineyard. There was a stream nearby and to get to the cottage, you had to cross a footbridge. From outside, the cottage seemed rather small, but there was actually quite a lot of space inside. The downstairs was one large living room with a fireplace. There was also a dining part and a living room with a couch and armchairs, and a white piano. 
Thick beams supported the ceiling and a mezzanine bedroom. The window in the bathroom looked out onto the valley with the vineyard, beyond which could be seen the village and a stripe of blue sea.  
We opened the windows to let in some air and the sounds of trickling stream and buzzing insects came into the room. The weather was warm; so different from the rainy Paris. The scent of the sea and greenery filled the air. We unpacked our luggage and went to the village to do some shopping. 
The houses in the village were made of stone and mostly single-storied. It was an old place where the people have been making wine and fishing for centuries. Now, it became a resort town. The atmosphere was still and sleepy because the holiday season hadn’t started yet and a lot of the houses stood empty. We did our shopping, ate lunch in a small café overlooking the port and went back home. 

IN THE EVENING, I LIT A FIRE in the fireplace. Caroline went to the stone cellar and came back with a bottle of Chianti. “Can you?” she asked putting the bottle on the table and handing me the corkscrew. 
“Do you think I should drink?”
“You don’t have to drink all the bottle.” 
“True”, I agreed and begun to open the bottle. 
“Chianti, you like this wine; it grew on me too, but only because of you.”
I filled two glasses and we drunk in silence. It was already dark outside and we could hear chirping grasshoppers. It seemed that the whole room was filled with the scent of Caroline. Even the wine seemed to taste of her.
 She kept smiling mysteriously, as if perfectly aware of what was happening. She moved closer to me and laid her hand on my shoulder. She lowered her head to my ear and whispered, “I know you’re dying to ask some questions, but… Let me show you something that’ll surely explain some things.” 
She rose from the couch and took my hand. Then, she walked slowly towards the mezzanine. I walked behind her; her buttocks kept brushing against me, seemingly by accident. I lay down on the bed and she sat on me. 
“Kiss me,” she said, pointing to her bosom. I moved my lips closer to her breasts. I could smell the scent of her hot body, of the heavy, sweet perfume she was wearing, a small hint of sleep and perhaps a little bit of her shiny hair. I took out her breasts and begun to kiss and bite them delicately. And then Caroline went crazy. She started to bit. Her bites were hard, intended to hurt. I grabbed her hair. She moaned and I felt a wave of heat. Her touch, her scent, they were so familiar. I felt it even more strongly when we begun to make love and each of her moves was an answer to mine. I did it from behind, and she finished each of my thrusts with one of hers. She kept twisting in all directions and I felt like our bodies were one.  
I closed my eyes and felt a huge wave of desire rise inside me; I wanted to pick up the pace, and when I felt it the strongest, she stopped and only a few moments later begun, shyly, moving her buttocks again and everything started anew. 
Yes, she knew me. She knew exactly how we were supposed to make love; I could not remember but her body was connected to mine. When, at last, we fell on the bed tired after our lovemaking, I felt the way you do just before falling asleep. Waves of good energy were flowing through my body. 
“This is heaven, do you feel it?”, she asked. 
“I do.”
“Do you remember now who is you wife? He does,” she said pointing to my penis. 
“I do now,” I said and drew her to myself, trying to kiss her mouth and finding her eye instead. 
“Sometimes, it seems to me that this is all a dream,” I said putting my hand on my forehead. 
“Maybe it is a dream,” she replied mysteriously, “but after all, we sleep through half of our lives, so how can you know what is a dream and what isn’t. In a way, we are living in two dimensions.” Suddenly, she pinched me. 
“Ow! What are you doing?”
“No, this is not a dream,” she laughed. But, despite the pain I was feeling, I wasn’t so sure of that. I felt better than ever before, and this can make you subconsciously afraid of everything turning out to be only a dream. 
Soon, tired of love, we fell asleep.  

I WOKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT in our Parisian flat. I looked at Caroline; she was sleeping on her back, her arms on the pillow. She was breathing evenly. I kissed her and she kissed back without waking up. 
Suddenly, I noticed a shadow moving on the wall. I got out of bed and followed the strange shadow that moved across walls and then disappeared into the kitchen. 
I entered the kitchen with a pounding heart. The full moon flooded the space with her milky light. I looked around. It was empty. A pack of cigarettes was lying on the table. I lit one and tasted cookie-flavored smoke. I poured myself a glass of orange juice, sat down at the table and smoked. Then – 
“Can I have one cookie-flavored cigarette?”, said a thin voice behind me. 
I turned around and saw a cat. An unusual cat. It was a tabby and he was standing on his hind legs and looking at me with his round eyes. I went speechless. This was the first time I saw a weird feline two-legged creature like this. His fur was thick and the bristly whiskers were standing on end. One of his ears was torn. Over his shoulder, he had slung a small yellow bag. 
Moonlight was shining straight at the cat and I could see this weird figure very clearly.
“Can you give me one cigarette?”, he said again when I didn’t react. He was piercing me with his eyes. 
I felt strange. Maybe it’s a demon, I thought. Demons often take forms of bizarre, fantastic animals. I wondered, and the demon continued. 
“Cat got your tongue?”, he asked sarcastically. 
“What’s your name?”, I asked when I got over the shock. 
“Give me a cigarette,” he repeated stubbornly. I gave him a cigarette. He jumped on a chair and sat down like a human. It seemed to me he was smiling lightly, but maybe I was wrong; cats, after all, can’t really smile. On the other hand, this wasn’t a cat, but some kind of feline creature, which is a completely different category. 
He was sitting on the chair and I could only see his eyes and ears above the surface of the table. His left ear, torn and frayed, was drooping miserably. He was swinging his legs like a happy child. 
“You’re asking a lot of questions,” he said, “What were you asking, again?”, he added lazily and I had the impression that he was only doing it because I gave him the cigarette. 
“I asked about your name.”
“Hmmm, right, for you it’s an important part of the ceremony…” he trailed off and took a drag on the cigarette. I started to wonder how he got in. “You always ask at the beginning: what’s your name? But it doesn’t matter; it doesn’t matter at all. I could lie and say my name is Bonaventure. What do you think? Should this be my name?” He looked at me derisively. 
I didn’t know what to say to all this. He was right, in a way. Meanwhile, the cat didn’t wait for my response and kept talking. 
“Fine,” he sighed, “after all you gave me the cigarette. My name is Tabby. Nice name, don’t you think?”
„Yeah, it’s nice,” I agreed. 
„I think it’s very nice. You can rarely find a name that goes well with anything. My name is really good for songs. It’s short and sounds really good, doesn’t it?”
„I think it does,” I said politely. „Has anyone already wrote a song about you?,” I asked to temper the cat’s megalomania. 
“But of course,” he replied enthusiastically and his eyes flashed. “There’s plenty songs about me. It’s really strange and suspicious that you don’t know them.”
“Give me an example?”
“Here you go,” he cleared his throat and started singing: 


Tabby, Tabby, burning bright
He’s a nice and charming cat
He’s so charming and so nice
Like a diamond in the skies

He stopped singing and chuckled. 
Mean beast, I thought, he’s obviously making fun of me.  I decided to find out how he got inside. 
“How did you get in the flat?” I asked. 
“Through the door, or through the chimney, something like that I think,” he said and snickered again. 
“So? How?”, I insisted. 
“You know what, let’s play a game…”, he replied thoughtfully. 
“What game?”
“A Tabby game: I tell you what you want to know and you give me three cookie cigarettes.”
“Fine.”
“I got in through a window. It was ajar,” he said looking at me with shining eyes, reaching out a paw. I gave him the cigarettes and he immediately put them in the small bag that he was carrying on his shoulder. From the corner of my eye I noticed that he was hiding something in his other paw. 
“What are you hiding there?”
“Where?”, he said in a surprised tone and the expression of a thief caught red-handed.
“There. In your other paw.” 
„It is the stone of power,” he replied, “its power is immense. See,” he said and reached out his paw to show me the stone, but then quickly put it under the table again and gave me a suspicious look. 
“But you won’t take it?”
“I won’t take it, show me.”
“Ok, three cigarettes,” he finally agreed. 
“All right,” I complied. He reached out his paw again. I saw a small black stone. I barely had a chance to peek when he hid it again. He caught my glance and he must have detected incredulity, because he quickly begun to explain. 
“This stone has great power: it brings only good luck. If you have it, nothing bad can happen to you. The stone will protect you with its immense power. It also makes your wishes come true,” he said, watching me a bit warily, as if he was afraid I might try to steal this treasure. I didn’t. He calmed down a bit. 
“What’s wrong with your ear?”, I asked. 
“My ear… You could scream in it and have elephants stomp on it, and I would still hear nothing. The ear is ill,” he explained sadly. 
“What happened?”
“Something bad happened to me one day,” he looked down and I understood that he didn’t want to talk about it. “But now I have the stone,” he added quickly, “it protects me with its power. Do you want to keep playing?”
 „Yes,” I replied. 
„How many cookie-flavored cigarettes do you have?”
“Very many,” I said. 
“But remember, only the cookie ones count. I don’t smoke any others,” he stressed. “Good, if you want to play, let’s play.”
“Who are you?”, I asked. He started laughing so hard he nearly fell off the chair. 
“This is a question for one cigarette. I don’t want to ruin you.” 
“Ok.”
“I’m a cat,” he replied quickly, “A tabby cat. My name is Tabby. It’s pretty obvious. I’m repeating in case you ask about it again. In this game, you ask your questions first and collect the cigarettes, and then it’s my turn. The one with the most cigarettes wins.”
 “Fine.” 
“Next question, then, please,” he said, putting out his cigarette in the ashtray. 
“Why did you come here?”, I asked.
“This is a question for three cigarettes.” 
“Three cigarettes?”, I asked, surprised. The cat-like creature, thanks to his clever game, had already wangled almost the whole pack out of me. 
“I don’t have to answer,” the cat said contrarily, “You don’t give me the cigarettes, I’m not telling.”
“Ok, ok, as you wish,” I complied. 
“So… it was like this: I was walking down the street…” he started slowly, looking up at the ceiling. I could tell he was making this up. “Suddenly, I smelled the cookie-flavored cigarettes. Someone’s smoking those amazing cigarettes. I must get in there, I thought. I started climbing until I reached the flat, and then I went inside through the window. That’s the whole story. The cigarettes, please,” he stretched his paw again.  
“That’s almost all I’ve got,” I complained. There were two left in the packet. 
“Don’t play if you’re a sore loser,” he winked. “That was a question for three, so give me three,” he said. I handed him three cigarettes which he instantly put in his bag. 
“Where did you get this bag?”
“That’s a question for one cigarette,” he replied. “This is a bag for important things. It’s a gift from a friend,” he explained. “Before, when I didn’t have it, I kept losing everything. Now I keep the most important things in the world in it. And, believe it or not, this bag was brand new. Still wrapped in foil. Nobody ever used it before. I’d never had a new thing. I always only had what others threw away. Look, it’s such a lovely color too,” he said, holding the bag up for me to see. It was a cheap yellow pouch for documents. For him, it was a large bag. Sometimes, pouches like these are handed out for free, and people usually just throw them away without unwrapping. Maybe that’s how he got it. 
„Who is your friend?”, I asked. 
“My friend is the greatest friend in the whole world. I don’t even have to say a word, he just understands everything. He knows me inside out.”
“But who is he?”
“What do you mean who? He’s a plain gray cat. His name is, as you might guess, is Ash. 
“Where is he now?”
“You know… enough of the game for today,” said Tabby. “I won a bit,” he held up a handful of cigarettes, “I’m afraid I might lose. One should know when to stop playing. But I will visit you again tomorrow,” he promised. 
A moment later, he sneaked out through the still slightly open kitchen window and he was gone. A wisp of cookie-flavored smoke, whirling slowly above the table, was all that was left after him. The smoke diffused in the air.  
That was strange, I thought. But I was curious what was going to happen next. 

THE NEXT NIGHT I WOKE UP AGAIN and, again, in my kitchen I found Tabby. We sat down at the table and I poured myself some orange juice. 
“This is an extraordinary color, don’t you think? So sunny,” he started. 
“…Right,” I agreed. I looked at the glass; to be honest, I always just drank orange juice without thinking about its color, but clearly Tabby paid attention to it. 
“Give me one cigarette and I’ll show you something,” he said. I handed him the cigarette. He lit it and, from his bag, he took out a small bundle.
“What’s this?”, I asked. He didn’t answer. He untangled the bundle and it turned out to be a piece of blue ribbon. 
“Isn’t the color lovely?”
“It is,” I admitted. 
“You’re weird. You’re saying this without any excitement,” he reprimanded me. I found it in the park; it was lying on the grass. Someone must have lost it. Nobody could throw away something in this shade of blue. Look at it, it’s so shiny.” 
He pushed the ribbon towards me and continued. 
“I felt like a thief when I picked it up. I’d never seen something so beautiful before. You know, I stood in the park for a long time, looking around to see if someone wasn’t looking for it, but there was nobody around. Only then I decided to take it. I’m not a thief.
 “Just look at it. It’s like the sea. It’s a stripe of the most beautiful color in the world and this stripe is mine,” he said, proudly pointing his paw at himself. He coiled the ribbon very carefully and put it back in his bag. It was obvious from his gestures that the ribbon was very precious to him.  
The world through Tabby’s eyes was a world full of sunny orange juice and ribbons the color of the sea; it was a world full of new friends. It was a world to envy. 
“Have you ever been to the seaside?”, I asked. 
“Er… no,” he lowered his eyes. “But I know what it looks like,” he added quickly. “Look,” he said, and produced another item from his bag; this time, it was a neatly folded page from a magazine. He unfolded it with great care. I looked at a picture of a beautiful island. 
“Gorgeous place, don’t you think?”
“Yes,” I agreed. 
“You really are strange,” he replied, “You’re saying it so calmly. I look at this picture and my heart begins to beat so fast that I’m scared it’s going to burst. It’s incredible that there are such beautiful places in the world. Look, do you see?”
“What?”
“Here, on the beach, the sand is the color of this juice, and the sea is the color of…”
“The ribbon,” I finished.   
“Exactly!”, he lit up, “I see you’re starting to understand. Here,” he pointed to his bag, where he had put his treasure, “here I have a bit of that sea, even though I have never been there; it’s extraordinary, admit it. Do you have something like this? Do you have a piece of color of something wonderful?”
I shook my head. 
“Don’t worry,” he touched my hand with his fuzzy paw, “Maybe you will find it one day. You know, I found this ribbon completely by accident. Sometimes, I close my eyes and I’m right there,” he pointed to the picture. “I walk closer to the sea and throw the ribbon in it. It blends it with it because it is a part of it. Then, the sea lets me stay, and I am there, in that picture, and when I look at it I can’t even breathe because I can’t believe in all this beauty. There are no houses or streets; just colors. And there aren’t any bad people, who could suddenly come and do something cruel…”, he said and lowered his eyes. “It’s my dream: to find this place, from this picture, and to look at the sea. You know, sometimes I’m scared someone is going to take this picture, or the ribbon… But no, I don’t even want to think about it. We shouldn’t think of bad things,” he waved his paws as if he was swatting away a fly. “How about you? What are you dreams?”, he asked all of a sudden. 
“I don’t know,” I shrugged, still thinking about his tale. 
“You need to have dreams; if they aren’t in your head, they won’t come true,” he said it in the tone of voice usually reserved for talking to children. He was silent for a moment. “Can I drink some of your juice?”
“Yes,” I nodded. He took the glass between his paws and drank with an expression that made him look as if he was drinking some kind of elixir. From the Holy Grail, at that. After he finished, he burped and put the glass back on the table. 
“That was good,” he licked his lips. “What a night! I can smoke cookie-flavored cigarettes and drink this marvelous juice.” He jutted his jaw forward, swinging his paws in the air. He looked happy. 
“Can I show you something else?”
“Yes.”
“Give me one more cigarette,” he asked. When I did, he took a small, flat object from his bag and put it on the table. 
“Do you know what this is?”, he asked in a conspiratorial voice. 
“It’s a button,” I replied. It was true. On the table was lying a large, green coat button. 
Tabby looked at me strangely. “Hmmm… Right…”, he said slowly, “But this isn’t a regular button,” he added quickly. “This button has a life of its own.”
„What do you mean?”
„It’s simple. It was on someone’s coat, but in unknown circumstances, it fell off. One evening, I was walking down the sidewalk; the sun was setting and the weather was warm. Suddenly, I saw this button. There was nobody around, so I took it. And now, I sometimes take it out in the evenings and do you know what I think? 
“What do you think?”
“I think this:”, he cleared his throat. „I wonder who it belonged to. I wonder whose coat it was attached to, and what is its story. Why it fell off. To me, this is the most mysterious story that I know. Because both me,” he said pointing to himself, “or you,” he pointed to me, “can tell each other lots of stories, and this button isn’t going to reveal its secret. But I will solve this puzzle one day, trust me. Listen…” 
“Yeah?”
“Why are you looking at me like this? Do you think I’m crazy? Do you think I shouldn’t be interested in stories like these?” 
“No,  I don’t think so,” I said. 
“Then what do you think?”
“I never thought about things like these and I’ve never met anyone who thought the way you do.” 
He jutted his jaw forward. I noticed that he did it when he was feeling smug and satisfied. Clearly what I said flattered him. 
“I,” he started, pointing his paw at himself again; he loved to do it when he talked, as if he was to himself the ultimate authority, a one-person oracle. “I am interested in objects like these. They serve people so loyally, while they’re so obvious to them that they seem not to even notice their existence. Only when one of these things rebels and gets lost, only then it is noticed.”
“Well, how about you?”, I asked, “Do you know all objects in your bag? Do you remember exactly what they look like?” 
“Of course,” he snorted. “I can close my eyes and describe them all in smallest detail. In the evenings, I always sit down in some quiet corner, open my bag and take out everything I have. I arrange it neatly in a row. I check if nothing’s missing. If I have something, then it’s important to me. These are my treasures,” Tabby stopped talking and looked at me. He was probably waiting for my reply, but I had no idea what to say.  
Everything he was saying was very simple, but I felt that there was something more between the lines. Then I felt, again, that he wasn’t just  a cat – and it wasn’t only because he could talk and smoke cookie cigarettes, but, maybe, because he wasn’t who he seemed to be. 
“Who are you?”, I blurted out. 
“You want to play questions?”, he smiled teasingly. “I’m Tabby the cat, we already covered that.”
“I don’t think so –“ 
„You don’t think what?”, he asked, amused. 
“I think you are someone completely different –“ 
“Oh? Who, for example?”, he laughed; the conversation was obviously hilarious to him. 
“I don’t know,” I said in confusion, “But I think you are someone completely different.” 
“You really think so?”
„Yes.”
„Interesting theory,” he said and his eyes flashed darker, similar to clouds suddenly covering the sky and obscuring the sun.
An uncomfortable silence fell. It lasted for a long moment, during which Tabby just stared at me without a word. He wasn’t making it easy for me. But then I felt that what he had said was connected with the thought that appeared in my head: the thought that sometimes, things are not what they seem to be. 
Suddenly Tabby started to talk. 
“After this avalanche of questions, you should probably…” he trailed off and looked at me meaningfully. 
“I should what?”
„I think you should give me a cigarette,” he laughed.  
I handed him the whole pack. I got up and went to pour some more juice. When I came back to the table, Tabby was gone. He slipped out soundlessly through the slightly open window. 

LATER, DURING THE NIGHT a great storm broke out and I woke up when a lightning struck and illuminated the bedroom. I sat up in bed and listened to the sounds of the storm. There was something disturbing about it. From time to time, over the noise, I could hear strange sounds. 
Leaning on my elbow, I started to listen more closely, and suddenly I realized that the strange sounds I was hearing were produced by keys of the piano, pressed one by one. I kept listening. After a while, the separate sounds begun to blend, at first awkwardly, but finally, a haunting melody could be heard over the rain. 
Someone was there, playing in this great storm, but not in a hurry, like the piano players usually do. They kept slowing down so much that the sounds barely formed a melody. After another thunderclap the music flowed like a stream. The melody continued and I started to wonder who was playing. Another thunderclap and the music faded away, but only for a few seconds. Then, the high-pitched sounds of “Bésa me mucho” could be heard, played so fast it sounded like the person at the piano was Dalida’s accompanist. 
The pianist was playing with gusto, going wild over the keys and I realized that in our living room, next to Caroline’s easels, there was a white grand piano. That someone was playing inside our flat. 
I burst into the living room. Jumping madly on the keyboard was Tabby. He was running across it, playing the melody with all four of his paws. 
“Tabby!”, I shouted, in my first reflex wanting to tell him to be quiet so he doesn’t wake Caroline up, but he didn’t seem to hear me and, panting, he kept beating out the melody. I stood back and listened. I had never heard anyone play music full of such longing. 
I leaned against the piano. Tabby sped up, producing the last few bars at a mad pace. Finally, he shut the lid of the piano. 
“Did you like it?”, he said, walking up to me and trying to catch his breath. The strings of the piano were still vibrating from the memory of the music he’d played. 
“This was incredible…”
“See, I’m very capable,” he panted, “capable of anything. You were sleeping like a log, I wanted to wake you up. That was quite an exercise, I got out of breath. It’s all the cookie cigarettes, but I love them so much. Let’s go have a smoke,” he said. 
“How did you learn to play like this?”, I asked when we sat down at the kitchen table. 
“It’s a long story; give me a cigarette and I’ll tell you.” I handed him a pack. After a moment, he took a drag and started to spin his tale. 
“I used to walk the roofs at night during full moon. Walking on roofs is great, in the moonlight. Suddenly, I heard beautiful music. It turned out that in the attic, there was a flat of a young musician. He was the one who played. 
We became friends and I got to know him better. He was very poor. One day, he had argued with his beloved; her name was Susan. He didn’t see her for a few days and then Susan came in her small car, climbed upstairs and told him this: “I am sorry, please forgive me, but my love for you has died,” and she ran down the stairs and drove off, to never come back again.
Since then, the young musician played his beautiful, sad melodies, but he didn’t want to worry anyone, so he played during the night after everyone’s gone to sleep. When somebody heard him, they started to cry. The musician had one rule: at the end, he always played one happy melody. Because, after all, people can also hear music in their sleep. And now I do the same,” the cat added with pride, “I asked him to teach me to play. He agreed and he became my teacher. In exchange, I stole baguettes and took them to the attic. But don’t think I’m a thief. I made a promise to myself that one day, I will have a lot of money, and I will come back and pay for each of the stolen baguettes. These baguettes were for my teacher. He was the one who taught me to play this beautiful music.  His name was Jean.” 
“And his surname?”, I asked.
“I don’t know,” he snorted, “what does it matter?”, he said indignantly. “You probably want to know if he became famous? I don’t think so. He had to leave his tiny flat in the attic. He didn’t have any money to pay the rent. They took his piano. He just stood by and cried, because it was actually his heart that played those melodies on that piano. It was the only way he could express his sadness.”
“That’s sad,” I said.
“Yes, if they take something you love away from you, then it’s always sad. That day, I hid behind the garbage cans in the yard and I watched it,” sighed Tabby. “If I were someone big and strong,” he continued dreamily, “I would’ve defended him and I wouldn’t have let them take the piano. But I’m not,” he sighed again. “I could only stand there and watch. Later, Jean went back to his room in the attic and started to pack his things in a small suitcase. I ran to the shop at the corner and I stole two baguettes and a bottle of wine. 
He packed quickly, because he had very little. Just some clothes and shoes. When Jean saw the wine, he sighed and said that wine should be drank on special occasions. It should be drank to celebrate something good, and he hadn’t achieved anything, and he can’t even teach me anymore. He said that I should find a new teacher and he pointed to the empty space where the piano used to stand, a lighter spot different color than the rest of the floor. I said I didn’t want anyone else to teach me, and he just sighed again and didn’t reply. 
“Tabby,” he asked suddenly,  “do you think true love can die?”
I said it couldn’t, because true love, or friendship, doesn’t die. Jean said that he should give me something as a keepsake. He looked into his suitcase, he checked his pockets, but he didn’t have anything that could be a good parting gift. Then he said, “You know what, Tabby, I’ll tell you a secret; maybe one day it’s going to come in useful for you. When you play, think of something good; think of something that is in your heart. If you do this, then even if you get some notes wrong, your audience won’t hear it. Because anything you do with passion, is actually done by your heart, and it can’t make mistakes. The heart, Tabby, is never wrong. 
These words were the only keepsake he could give me, so I remembered them. We went downstairs. Jean returned his key to the landlady and said his goodbyes. He was very polite and she looked a bit ashamed; she always yelled at him when he didn’t pay his rent. Now he was saying goodbye with a smile. We walked out into the street. It was a Friday on a warm June evening. People were leaving for the weekend, and he, with his small suitcase, was leaving for ever. 
He shook my paw and said that I have a kind heart. He told me to think good thoughts of him, because then, maybe, the fate will turn in his favor. Then he slowly walked away with this tiny suitcase. I stood and looked at him leaving, and I felt terribly sad, because he was an excellent teacher and my master. Nobody could play music more beautiful than him. 
Now, if I hear someone playing, I immediately stop, even if I’m in a hurry, and I listen. But it’s never Jean. I would know it was him by the first bars.” 
Tabby stopped talking and for a moment we sat and smoked in silence. 
“Three cigarettes,” he reached out a paw, “Sad, heart-wrenching stories like these are for three cigarettes.”
Then we sat and smoked. The atmosphere was sad and wistful and we didn’t talk. 
“I’ll come again tomorrow and tell you a secret,” he said Tabby suddenly. Then, in one bound, he jumped out through the window. He ran across the ledge and disappeared in the night. I went back to bed, wondering what kind of secret he was going to share with me. 

THE NEXT NIGHT, I WAS WOKEN UP by music. Someone was slowly playing “O mio babbino caro” on the piano. There wasn’t a storm and I could hear perfectly how they played chords of this sad melody. I entered the living room and I saw Tabby. 
When we were sitting in the kitchen, he asked for a cigarette. He lit it, but he wasn’t swinging his paws the way he did when he was happy. He didn’t spin any tales either. He smoked in silence. 
„What happened?”, I asked. 
„I’ll show you something,” he replied. He put the cigarette in the ashtray and took out a small bundle from his bag. He unwrapped it carefully, and then I saw a small, neat wad of  pages tied with a piece of gray string. I leaned forward with interest. 
“What’s this?”
“You’ll see,” said Tabby.  „I promised I would tell you a secret.” He untied the string and begun laying the pages out on the table. On each of them, there was a word and a number written in crooked handwriting. 
“What’s this?”, I asked, confused. 
“This is a letter from my friend,” Tabby explained. “But you won’t take it?”, he asked warily, seeing my fascination. He looked like he was ready to put the pages back in his bag. 
“No, Tabby, I won’t,” I replied, “This is a letter from your friend, not mine.”
“Right,” he said, more relaxed, and continued to lay the pages out on the table. 
“You see, Ash always liked mysteries and so he made this letter. On each page, there is one word and one number,” he explained. “Now I’m arranging the numbers in order, and that makes the letter. Have you seen something like this before?”
“No.”
“See, and I got an extraordinary letter like that!”, he said with a proud smile. He kept arranging the pages. It looked a bit like setting up Solitaire. „Read this and say what you think,” he said after he finished. 
I leaned forward and started to read this strange letter, made up of tiny slips of paper.  
“Tabby, this is Ash. I want you to know that to me, you are very special. You are so good and cheerful. Anything can make you happy. You are so trusting and friendly, even though you have been through bad things. You have a kind heart. When you’re happy, you always jut your jaw forward and your laughter is so funny. You are so talented and you come up with songs, and when you start dancing on the garbage cans, I roll on the floor from laughter. And I’ve never seen you being unpleasant or saying something rude to anyone. I often do it. 
Sometimes, I can’t believe that something as unbelievable as our friendship could be real. Sometimes it seems to me that this is all a dream. If it was true, it would be the worst dream I’ve ever had, because then I’d wake up and I’d only think of finding you, just to see how you’re laughing and sitting on a garbage can and swing your paws when you’re happy, because I’d believe that you are out there and that I have to find you. I would start looking for you, that’s for sure. 
But if this friendship isn’t a dream, if it’s real and if it’s forever, then it can only be proven in one way-” 
That’s where the letter broke off. 
“Where’s the rest?”, I asked, “I think something is missing?”
“Something is missing,” said Tabby sadly. “That’s why I wanted you to see it; maybe you’ll be able to help me.”
“Tabby, did you lose some of these pages?”, I asked, and then something strange happened. I’d never expect it from the cheerful Tabby. Suddenly, he started crying. Tears were streaming down his face. His good humor and joyfulness were apparently only a mask. Still crying, he started to talk in broken-off sentences. 
“Maybe I lost them… I don’t know… Nothing makes me happy anymore… I’m still pretending that I’m in a good mood, but it’s becoming more and more difficult.” 
He leaned his head on his paws and kept weeping. 
“You know many people that you can talk to; they will all understand you, you don’t say silly things. Ash was the only person who understood me, and now he disappeared… I saw how you looked at the ribbon: like it was worthless. But it’s the most beautiful color in the world. Or, the stone of power: to you it’s just a plain stone, but it’s not true. It’s a magic stone. Now nobody’s going to understand me. It’s horrible. This is my pathetic secret. My only friend is gone. I found this letter in the bins. Maybe Ash needs help. Maybe he’s sick. I’ve been looking for him for so long, almost two months. But I can’t do anything. I’m stupid and I don’t know how to read this letter, and maybe there’s some secret message in it; maybe these pages should be arranged differently. But I tried so many times and I still  don’t know how. 
Maybe I’ll find Ash at some point in the future, but he won’t remember me anymore. Maybe he’ll be different. It happens sometimes: you meet someone after a long time and they are a different person. And maybe this is all a dream; maybe it never even happened, I don’t know anymore,” he begun to despair again. He rested his head on his paws and cried so much his jaw was shaking. 
“You’re probably right; I must have lost that last page. That’s what I’m most afraid of. How am I going to read the letter now? I’m hopeless. I couldn’t help Jean, either. When they were taking his piano, I hid behind the garbage cans, and I should’ve done something. I shouldn’t have let them. Jean would be able to compose beautiful songs and he’s become famous. His beloved would’ve come back to him and even you’d hear about him,” Tabby was at the bottom of despair. I felt sorry for him. I wanted to help him, but I didn’t know how. I started to like him, and when you like someone, it’s difficult to calmly watch them cry.
“Don’t cry, Tabby,” I said. 
“What?!”, he yelled. 
“I said ‘don’t cry’!!!”, I yelled back. 
“You don’t have to yell,” he said grumpily. “I can hear you perfectly now. It’s just, sometimes when I cry, one of my ears gets blocked,” he explained, seeing my confusion. “The second one is sick,” he added morosely, “So if the other one’s blocked, I can’t hear anything. That’s why I don’t like crying,” he added, straightening. “Will you give me a cigarette?”, he reached out a paw. “That would definitely cheer me up.”
I gave him the cigarette and he giggled. Maybe the story he just told me was a lie, and maybe he just knew how to shake off his sadness. I wasn’t sure, so I said, “I’ll help you find your friend.”
He jumped on the chair. 
“Really?! You’re going to help me?!” 
„I’ll find him for you,” I said, even though by the time I finished the sentence, I felt that I promised too much, as people sometimes do when they want to make someone feel happy again. 
“Now it’s definitely going to be all right,” said Tabby, eyes flashing. He jutted forward his jaw and started swinging his paws. 
I felt I lied, but sometimes, a lie is better than telling the truth. Sometimes, you can believe in a lie and what happens then? It can become the truth. Things change in the world all the time; truths sometimes turn into lies, and lies become the truest truth. 

I SPENT THE NEXT FEW EVENINGS bent over the letter, trying to figure out its secret meaning. I arranged the pages in all combinations I could think of, but nothing made sense. I kept trying, but a sad thought begun to appear in my mind. 
Tabby, meanwhile, was cheerful again. While I was busy arranging the pages, he sat at the table, smoked, swung his paws and told jokes at which he laughed until he cried. He kept asking why I wasn’t laughing. 
I kept considering the possibility that the last words of the letter were “I’m leaving”, but I wasn’t keen on sharing my theory with Tabby. He was just spending the time telling me new jokes that he had overheard while hiding in the corners in the city. 

 	TABBY WAS RIGHT. We never know when we are seeing someone for the last time. On the Wednesday night, I woke up at four a.m. and, with a strange feeling of apprehension, I headed towards the kitchen. 
On the table, in the ashtray, was a cigarette butt. Next to the ashtray, seven cigarettes were arranged neatly in a row. The whole kitchen smelled of cookie-flavored smoke. I looked around but Tabby was nowhere to be seen. Then, on top of the piano, I found a small piece of paper, filled with Tabby’s sloppy writing, and a matchbox next to it.  

“This is Tabby. Thank you for everything. Thank you for listening to my story; it helped me a lot. One day, I will also help you, you can be sure. I thought about it all evening and I think everyone should solve their own problems by themselves. That is why I have to leave and keep looking for my friend on my own. Maybe this is the easier way to say goodbye. It’s difficult to watch someone leave; only heartless people can do it. When you look at someone leaving, you always want to grab their hand and make them stay. And they will stay, if they have a good heart. But I can’t stay, you know that. 
Today it occurred to me that maybe I should look for signs that will tell me what I should do. Then I thought that the signs are always there but I just can’t see them. Because when, in the middle of the summer, a tree sheds a green leaf, then maybe that is a sign, but I don’t understand it. I made a promise to myself that from now on, I will watch everything around very closely. 
Once, I found a mysterious button; I told you about it. Yesterday, I thought that if I toss it and it falls face-up, then I will set off on a journey. I’ll leave this city. I just flipped the button and it fell face-up. This is a sign. 
We will meet again. We will all meet again, somewhere. I believe it. I hope there will be cookie-flavored cigarettes in that place. Speaking of cigarettes,  I feel really stupid, and maybe you’ll think I’m mean; but, you see, during our discussions I kept stealing your cigarettes. I couldn’t help it. You know how much I like them, and it’s hard now to get them.  
I’m returning them. I put them on the kitchen table, all eight of them. Well, seven. I smoked one. 
I’m sorry, please don’t be angry. 
PS 
I have a small parting gift for you. I sat on the garbage can all evening, thinking about what I should give you, because you have everything already. I thought that maybe I could give you some wise words that you could memorize and sometimes say to others: “listen, this is wisdom passed on to me by my friend Tabby”; but I just couldn’t think of anything. 
I am giving you a small matchbox. I found it one day on a bench. But don’t think this is a regular matchbox. Inside, there is a happy Tabby thought. If you ever feel sad, it will go out of the box, sneak into your head and chase all the sadness away. 
It’s a magic thought. I put a spell on it for you, because I know how sad we all are sometimes. And I know that sometimes, we don’t have anyone to cheer us up. But now, you have this happy thought, and it will always be with you. Unless you lose this box, just like I lost the page from that letter. Sometimes I’m so careless. Being careless and losing important things is not what I want to wish you, of course. 
This is weird, I knew very well what I wanted to say and now I got lost in this letter. It’s hard to write letters. I always thought it was easy, but it isn’t. Thoughts tangle and then you don’t know what you should and shouldn’t write anymore. You have to be careful so you don’t make mistakes, but you want to say so much; and there are also the songs. I wanted to play so many songs for you. When we meet again, if you only want to listen, then I will play the best I can, I promise. 

									Taby”

This clumsy goodbye letter was Tabby all over. Including the spelling mistake in his own name. Admittedly, the rest of the letter was mistake-free; I could tell he did his best. 
I opened the matchbox. It looked empty, but I was sure the thought was inside. I could feel it almost as if it flew out of the box  in the form of a small  butterfly and  brushed against my cheek. Yes, it was definitely the happy Tabby thought.   
I read the letter once again and I felt sadness, the kind that we feel when we lose a friend. When we know that we won’t talk and laugh anymore, and when we know that our friend won’t take something worthless out of his bag and proceed to enthusiastically talk about what a precious treasure it is. 
I went out to the balcony and I looked out at the street. I deluded myself that I would see the figure of Tabby somewhere, but in vain. Suddenly, I saw something unusual that made my heart beat faster. On the balcony, next to the railing, there was Tabby’s bag for important things. I picked it up. 

“Tabby?!”, I shouted, but only silence answered. I stood there for a long time, calling his name and listening, but the street was empty and quiet. The only sound I heard was the barking of a dog that I woke up with my shouting. I went back to the flat and sat down on the couch. I couldn’t understand how Tabby could have lost his bag. It was his bag for the most important things in the world. I opened the bag carefully and I put all its contents on the table.
The bag contained all the things that Tabby valued most. A few cookie-flavored cigarettes that he had won in our game, and the picture of the sea. The paper looked worn and I could tell Tabby often folded and unfolded it to look at the picture.  There was also his biggest treasure, carefully coiled piece of blue ribbon and the letter from his friend, tied with a string. At the bottom of the bag, I found the stone of power. 
I also found a small, chewed pencil and a cheap little notebook similar to the ones sometimes distributed in supermarkets for people to write their shopping list in. It probably fell out of someone’s pocket and Tabby found it. I opened it. It turned out it was a to-do list, written in his characteristic clumsy scrawl. I started to read: 
Decipher the letter from Ash.
Find Ash and find the place from the picture with the ribbon-colored sea.
Get as many cookie cigarettes as possible.
Meet new friends.
Never think of bad things.
Discover the story of the button.
Think of Jean like he asked.
Don’t be afraid of bad people, now I have the stone of power.

These were all the treasures that Tabby had kept in his bag. Maybe something happened to him, I thought. 
He guarded this bag so closely; how could he just lose it? All his treasures were inside. To anyone else, these things would be just trash, but I how precious they were. 
He left behind his cookie-flavored cigarettes; what was he going to smoke now? Maybe writing the letter absorbed him so much that he forgot about his bag. Tabby could be scatterbrained sometimes. I remembered how he despaired when he lost a page from that letter. 
Without hesitation, I put on my coat and went outside to look for him. I took the bag; I knew he was going to be devastated when he discovers he lost it. Everything he held dear was inside this bag. 
But  I couldn’t find Tabby anywhere, even though I walked a couple of streets. He was gone; he disappeared somewhere in the night. 


SUDDENLY, I HEARD SOMEONE playing the piano. I opened my eyes with difficulty; during the night, my eyelids glued together. 
I was in a countryside cottage, in a mezzanine bed. The music was flowing from downstairs; someone was playing the main aria from “Traviata”, at a slow pace.  I sat up in bed. 
So… this was a dream? How is it possible?, I wondered, rubbing my eyes. Mysterious dreams have a curious habit of ending at the best moment; it’s really annoying. 
I went downstairs expecting I was going to see Tabby at the white piano. Instead, I found Caroline. She was playing with her head tilted slightly to the side. The sun was shining and illuminating all her figure. She was sitting in frayed jeans that she liked to wear when she painted, and a white shirt. She had rolled up her sleeves and her fingers were dancing on the keys. Her bare foot was pressing the pedals. She noticed me and smiled, but didn’t stop playing. I leaned against the piano and listened. 
“I didn’t know you could play like this.”
“Of course I can. In the morning, I always make tea,” she tilted her head towards the cup standing on the piano, “and then I play the most beautiful melodies. You are usually still asleep. Then I paint, then you wake up and we drink coffee together.” 
Now a sad melody of “Lo busque” flowed from beneath her fingers.  There was melancholy in this piece, the kind that haunts us when we are watching a movie about a love coming to an end. 
Suddenly, Caroline stopped playing and shut the lid. She stood up and kissed me on the lips. 
“Good morning,” she gave me a long look, as if she had something on her mind but wasn’t going to reveal what it was. And she wasn’t going to reveal it because it was a secret, hidden in sad songs, mysterious looks and slightly shy and uncertain kisses.  
“Listen,” I said, “I had a completely unbelievable dream. There was a cat that had this funny little bag where he held a stone of power and a blue ribbon, and he played the piano, and smoked cookie-flavored cigarettes. He walked on two legs, just like a small furry human” 
“What was his name?”
“Huh?” That surprised me; nobody asks about names of creatures from people’s dreams. 
“What was his name?”, she repeated. 
“Tabby,” I replied and I wanted to ask why she cared about his name, but I didn’t have time to ask the question because Caroline continued quickly.
“Cat called Tabby smoking cookie-flavored cigarettes, sounds interesting. Tell me everything over coffee, ok?” 
“Ok,” I replied. Caroline went to the kitchen. I stayed in the living room and got a bit lost in my thoughts. I wasn’t yet completely in tune with reality because I still expected Tabby to emerge from some corner or other and ask about his lost bag, or about a cookie cigarette. 

Then, we sat down in the living room and I described the dream to Caroline. She smiled and didn’t say anything for a moment. 
“It’s a very beautiful story,” she said after a while. “If you invented it, it means you have very rich imagination.” 
“I didn’t invent it,” I protested. 
“In that case you have beautiful dreams.” 
“What do you think?”, I asked. 
“I think you should write this story down. You should start now, while you’re still feeling the atmosphere.” 
“Do you think this dream means something? Don’t you think it’s weird that I have such realistic dreams? It felt as if I was really there.”
“Maybe you were,” she smiled mysteriously. „We talked about it before. There is a theory that says that there are parallel dimensions, existing alongside each other. Maybe, in that dream, you got into one of those dimensions, or …” 
“Or?”
“Or that cat sneaked into your dream and that’s how you could hear his story. Anyway, you should write it down. That’s what  I think. It’s beautiful and moving. And I really liked the way you told it to me. I listened and I felt like I was actually there. I like stories told from the beginning to the end, in the right order. A few times I actually teared up a bit. That cat was so clumsy and adorable.” 
After breakfast, I sat down in the living room, opened the The Little Akashic Records I got from Caroline and begun to describe Tabby’s story. At the end, I added that I would like to meet him again. 





CHAPTER 8

A FEW DAYS LATER WE RETURNED TO PARIS. It was a different Paris now: it was ours. We were together again; as together as we could ever be. It’s sometimes good to leave things behind for a while, and then come back. It gives you an impulse, a kind of momentum, and that was how I was feeling. The weird beggar woman disappeared. We felt safe and our days flowed smoothly and calmly; it wasn’t even raining – as if our short vacation changed everything around for the better. This is probably why people buy cottages in the countryside: there is something magical about them. 

After leafing through the planner that we took from the studio, I decided meet with a girl called Stephanie, or Steph, which is how I often referred to her in my notes. I found her address and I decided to surprise her with a surprise visit. I hoped it was going to help me find out more about myself.  
“Will you come with me?” I asked Caroline. 
“I think you should go on your own,” she said, “I’m going to paint. Take some money and get a taxi.” 
“Do you know Steph?” I asked. 
“No, but this is the part of your life where I don’t belong. I don’t know what is between you and her and I don’t want to know. You can discover it all however you like,” she finished. I felt she was right. 
She walked me to the door and kissed me goodbye. Then pointing at me, she mouthed, “I love you”; “I love you, too,” I mouthed back. Then I hailed the elevator. On my way down, I started drumming my fingers on the mirror. I felt anxious. Outside, there was already a battered old taxi already waiting for me. 

Steph lived in the suburbs, in an area with lots of small houses with backyards. There were all shapes and sizes of people living here and driving old, worn-out cars, some of which were standing around randomly with flat tires, clearly forgotten and waiting quietly for their owners to come back. That’s the kind of district this place was. 
The taxi driver turned out to be a grumpy type who didn’t say a word throughout the whole ride. He just drove through the city lost in his own thoughts. These thoughts were probably about how he isn’t a millionaire, that he has to drive this stupid taxi, and how he hates his job. He kept frowning and pinching his nose – the thinker of the taxi, the negative philosopher, who does everyone a favor by not voicing his thoughts. Even though he certainly knows everything better. Presidents could learn from him! 
When we reached our destination, I paid and got off. The taxi drove away, leaving me on an idle street with a line of small row houses. 

I approached the gate in the wire fence and I wanted to ring the bell – but there was no bell. I pushed the gate and walked into a tiny yard, consisting of a drive, garbage can and a sickly-looking bush vegetating by the fence.
I climbed the narrow steps and stood in front of the door. There was no bell here, either. I knocked on the door, but nobody answered. I pressed the handle; the door was unlocked. I opened it a little. 
“Hello, Steph,” I said, looking inside the house. 
Nobody answered. My head was already inside, so it only made sense for the rest to follow. I stepped into the house. 

 The hall was tall and narrow. The walls were painted white, and the staircase was just raw concrete, like in a warehouse. The whole place looked uninhabited. There were two minimalist paintings on the wall; one was of a couple of bottles in various colors, and the other of a red jug. The paintings looked like drawings from a comic book, unframed, with frayed canvas on the sides. 
“Hello, Steph, this is me, Paul!” I shouted. I felt uncomfortable here; the house was cold and, in comparison with Caroline’s sumptuous flat, it looked hostile.
I was still standing, lost in these reflections, when suddenly, a short, mouse-like face. The same that slid the note under the door. 
“Hi,” she said coldly. 
“Hi, Steph,” I said with a smile, but she didn’t reciprocate it. She was looking at me silently with her arms crossed against her skinny chest. She was very thin and she was wearing loose pants and a t-shirt. She looked like a child, and the serious expression looked out of place on her. Either way, she didn’t seem friendly, or happy to see me. I started feeling like an annoying fly. 
“Can we talk?” I asked. 
She shrugged in lieu of an answer and headed towards the back of the house. I interpreted that as invitation and followed her. We entered a living room whose windows overlooked a wild and overgrown garden. The floor was stained with paint. There was practically no furniture, except some easels, a few chairs, and an old, crooked table stacked high with cans of paint. 
“What would you like to drink?” asked Steph. 
“I don’t know, maybe some tea?”
“Okay, tea’s fine, I think I’ve got some left,” she grumbled and disappeared in the kitchen. 
I sat down on a chair at the crooked table. I moved some paint tubes aside, to make space for the promised tea. 
The house was completely silent. The garden outside of the window was overgrown with unkempt bushes. It looked as if the Amazon jungle reached Paris and the house happened to be 
“Here’s your tea,” with a thud, Steph set in front of me a mug decorated with red polka dots. The liquid inside sloshed and a small amount splashed on the paints. 
There was no spoon in the mug. I decided against asking for sugar. It was a miracle enough that there was tea in this house. The mug’s handle was broken off, so it burnt my fingers a little when I lifted it to take a small sip.  
Meanwhile, Steph sat down on a chair in the middle of the room and lit a cigarette. Now she was sitting with crossed legs, smoking and watching me. The tea had a strange, slightly spicy taste. 
“Can you pass me the ashtray?” she asked. 
“What ashtray?” I asked, surprised that in this house, stripped of everything, there was still such a things as an ashtray. 
“That jar on the table,” she explained looking at me suspiciously, “it’s in the usual place.” 
And indeed, among the tubes of paint I spotted a jar inside which, in yellowish water, floated cigarette butts. I handed her this ashtray. 
“It’s strange that you can’t remember our artistic ashtray,” she observed. “You were the one who came up with it. You said that otherwise, I’m going to burn down the house. You really liked it. You even said you’d paint it.”
“Really?” I asked, looking at the jar with disbelief. 
“Really,” she said with emphasis. “I understand that now you don’t want to paint our,” she stressed that word, “ashtray. Now you’re probably painting that blonde bimbo,” she said, drawing an outline of large breasts in the air and giving me a piercing look. She was undoubtedly talking about Caroline.  
“I haven’t been painting recently,” I said vaguely. 
“I see,” she said, taking a drag. “Is she your wife?”, she asked watching me intently. 
“Apparently so,” I replied. So far, Steph was the one asking question, but I intended to get some information from her. 
“Do you have cookie-flavored cigarettes?” I asked.
“Excuse me?” she stared at me. 
“Do you have cookie-flavored cigarettes?”
“Sorry,” she snorted, “but I don’t smoke this kind of bourgeois shit. If you came to wind me up, then you know where the door is. Painting’s going bad today, so I’m not in the mood. Anyway, judge a man by the company he keeps, right?” 
“I don’t understand…”
“You don’t understand?” she frowned, “I’m talking about your blondie, it’s probably her you’ve been smoking cookie-flavored cigarettes with.” 
“I wanted to ask you something…” I started slowly. I thought there was no point in telling her the whole story about the memory loss. Steph was furious enough already; she could think I was making fun of her. “Why do you dislike her so much?” 
“What?!” Steph leaned forward on her chair and I thought she was going to drop the butt jar she was holding in her hand. “I dislike her?!” She pointed her thumb at her skinny chest. “Are you kidding me?!” She bulged her eyes. Apparently, eyes can fall out if you bulge them too much, but it clearly wasn’t something that concerned her. I didn’t say anything, waiting for her to continue.
 “You know, I don’t understand you at all. You come to me and cry on my shoulder about your wife, who pretends to be a painter by popping out some bland pictures. You look for consolation. For inspiration. Because you can’t stand living in your boring wife’s bourgeois apartment. You don’t even want to fuck her anymore, so you fuck me. But apparently something’s changed! You disappear for a week, you don’t answer your phone, and then bam!” she clapped her hands, “you’re nowhere to be found. You’re not in the studio, you’re not in the city. But you are somewhere – that’s right, you are in your wife’s flat and you won’t even open the door for me, and I gave it a good bang. And don’t lie!” she wagged her finger at me, “I know you were at home. I’m not stupid. That bitch comes home and she starts calling “honey! Honey!” right from the entrance,” Steph said in high-pitched voice, mocking Caroline. “Yeah, no doubt, a perfect married couple.” 
Steph walked up to the window, leaned against the sill and looked outside. She looked like she was going to open the window in a moment, give a primal roar, and hordes of animals will come running that even biologists haven’t dreamt of. Then, she’ll just nod in my direction and that’ll be it – I will die, trampled and mauled by wild animals. Right, this was the high time to end the visit. The concentration of negative emotions in the room was above the levels safe for one person. 
“I think I deserve an explanation,” she added, resting her forehead against the window. “I’ve never seen your wife, but I immediately knew it was her. When you didn’t open the door for me, I decided to wait a bit. I saw her walk into the flat. She was so absent-minded that she didn’t even notice me. I immediately knew it was her. As soon as I saw her. She looks like a shallow, stupid, smug bourgeois. I like the nickname you gave her. How did a guy like you find a woman like her?” She looked at me sharply. I shrugged. 
 “Or maybe I’ve been wrong about you. Maybe I thought you were more interesting,” she sighed, going back to the window. “Maybe you are like her, too, after all.” She went quiet, but only for a moment; she lit another cigarette. “You told me so many things: that I’m such an interesting person. As I can see, you were lying, if you could forget me so easily. You told me that I’m your real wife, and that that relationship is a mess. But I see you’re feeling great in that mess,” she added, looking at me accusingly. She was standing with her back against the window now and watching me. Her sharp eyes scanned my face. 
I did find out a few things, but I still couldn’t understand how I could get involved with this girl? If I’d called my relationship with Caroline mess, then what was this? I didn’t know anymore. 
Perhaps Caroline was right, and I used to be a massive asshole. 

“Say something!” Steph shouted, “don’t just sit there like a mummy! Don’t you understand? You ruined everything!” She started pointing her finger at me threateningly. “When I saw your wife walking into the flat with that idiotic smug expression, I could hardly stop myself from beating that smugness off her face! Punch it off for good! So that it’s never back. And the worst thing is that you didn’t even open the door for me! You just ignored me. So, please, reveal the secret to me: what the fuck do you still want from me?!”
“Nothing…”
“What?!” she screamed so loudly the window panes trembled. “You come here and you have nothing to say? Are you insane? You think I’m going to let you treat me like this, you think I’m some stupid bitch, like that wife of yours? You think I’ll be your idiot lover?! Nobody treats me like that,” she said, pointing to herself with a shaking hand in which she was holding a cigarette. She was in a frenzy. Her eyes were bloodshot. I understood that I made a mistake, coming here. 
 “You’re not leasing until you explain everything,” she growled through her teeth. 
“Steph, it’s not what you think,” I started explaining, hoping it was going to appease her a little, but it only provoked another fit of rage. 
“Don’t call me Steph! I hate when you call me that and you know it! You will call me Stephanie! Better stop talking altogether, because you don’t have anything useful to say, anyway.” Suddenly, she was quiet. “How do you like your tea?” I shrugged. 
“Can you taste the rat poison?!” she screamed. “I added a few spoonfuls, I hope you’ve drunk enough”. 
I jumped to my feet. I only had one sip, but I was actually beginning to have a strange sensation in my stomach, as if there was a steel ring tightening around it. 
Ignoring screaming Steph, I dashed out of the house and started running madly along the sidewalk. I ran without looking back, chased by Steph’s shouts, “You’re the worst thing that ever happened to me! You’re going to be my nightmare!” 
Running, I was leaving behind this house, this street, this bizarre aspect of my previous life that I didn’t remember. The steel ring felt tighter against my stomach. That’s a good payback for cheating on my wife. 
When I reached a street with more traffic, I started hailing taxis. I felt nauseous; finally, I couldn’t hold it back anymore and I threw up tea mixed with rat poison. The drivers the cars passing by looked at me like I was the worst kind of bum. Finally, a taxi stopped. I kept feeling that we are going too fast or too slow. My ears were ringing. Finally, after what felt like light years, I got home. 
“Rat poison tea,” Caroline was laughing like mad. Suddenly, she looked serious. “Did you throw up?”
“Yes,” I mumbled, “getting to know myself was a disaster.” 
“Right, we’re going to hospital.” 

And again, I found myself in the hospital with the weird lights and got the same doctor. Now, he ordered stomach pumping. Then, he and Caroline talked in quiet voices. I was a suspicious figure to him. He probably thought that I wanted to poison myself with rat poison, of all things; and there was that mysterious amnesia. He didn’t look at me like I was a test subject anymore. He looked at me like I was an exotic insect kept in a terrarium that should be crushed with a shoe, because it might be venomous. 

When we left the hospital, Caroline was amused. 
“Don’t worry, you’ll live,” she said, trying and failing to hide a smile. 
“What are you laughing at,” I moaned, “my stomach hurts, my head feels like it’s splitting apart, I almost died…”
“I’m not laughing, but admit it, this is surreal. Poisoned with rat poison in a Parisian suburb; this is tragicomical. The revenge of the lover. You’ll be fine though, you can only have some headache,” she finished more seriously. “You see?”
“What?”
“You’ve got a great ability to get in trouble. I am ordering sitting at home and watching television for today,” she added. 

In the evening, I opened The Little Akashic Records and started writing: 

I feel terrible. It seems I’m a complete bastard. Caroline is really a wonderful woman. I wish things could be good between us; as good as possible. 




CHAPTER 9


ANOTHER PERSON OFTEN mentioned in the planner that we found in the studio was Franck. I found his number and called. We arranged to meet in the warehouse in which he had his studio. Caroline gave me a lift and we decided that she’d come to get me in two hours. 
Around seven p.m., I stood in front of a large, worn-out building. It was located in the Latin Quarter, where artists rented out old warehouses to turn them into their studios and galleries. 
Caroline drove away and the street was empty.  The sky was cloudy; in the distance, a newspaper flew across the street. The wind tossed it up into the air and it pirouetted like a ballet dancer. When it almost landed, the wind lifted it again. Finally, it fell into a puddle, got soaked in the murky water and its dancing career was over. Then, the wind got bored and ran towards the Seine, to yank at the pages of the second-hand books sold on the river bank and knock over plastic cups that the artists drank wine from. That was much more fun.  

Franck’s studio was on the first floor, northern side. 
“Perfect place for a studio,” he explained, “it has good light: neither too bright, nor too dark. I like painting here.” Franck had black, curly hair, and black eyes, too, like two coals. There was certain nonchalance to his movements, and that, together with a light smile in the corner of his mouth said: “I’m a prince, and this is my kingdom”. 
He was wearing a skinny, linen suit jacket. When he shook my hand, he left his left hand in his pocket. He started to show me around the huge place, with paintings – many of them unfinished or old, waiting for conservation (Franck was also a conservator) – propped up against walls. 
The studio was an open space. The ceiling was supported by cast-iron pillars with elaborate art-nouveau ornaments. In the back of the studio, there was a platform with a bed. 
“Do you sleep here?” I asked.
“Yes,” said Franck, “I shouldn’t, because I’m renting this from the city, and it’s not a residential building, but nobody checks this. Besides, I have nowhere else to live.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I told you already. Because of my wife. It’s like this: first, you have a wife and everything. Then, when the wife disappears, everything disappears as well. It’s magic,” he laughed and lit a cigarette. 
That’s when I noticed that his left hand, which he, until now, kept hidden in the pocket, was disfigured. The twisted fingers were clumsily holding a pack of cigarettes. So that’s why Hugo called him Francky Franckenstein. 
“And you know what,” Franck continued, sliding his damaged hand back into the pocket, “at the beginning, you’re alright. You’re a buddy,” he flicked the ash off to the concrete floor, “but then, when your wife leaves you in a mysterious way, you turn into a monster. Nobody should shake your hand anymore. Your ex-wife feels morally obliged to forewarn everyone about your sudden change of character. That’s how it is, in short,” he laughed, but there was a sadness in this laughter; the nonchalance was gone. His linen jacket was terribly crumpled. His eyes lost their light. 
High on the wall, just below the ceiling, written in peeling red paint, there was an inscription: 

No smoking!

Franck followed my eyes when I was reading the sign. 
“They used to store fireworks here,” he explained, “but now we can smoke, I don’t have any fireworks,” he laughed. “You want one?” He said, offering me his pack of cigarettes. 
“Oh, they’re the cookie-flavored ones,” I observed. 
“Absolutely. Everyone’s smoking those now, my friend. You can skip food and drink, you can be a bankrupt, but you have to have money for the cookie-flavored cigarettes.” As he spoke, I took one cigarette.   
One of the walls of the studio was, from floor to ceiling, build of windows. We walked towards one of them. It overlooked a neglected yard, overgrown with grass, with two damaged cars standing in the middle and facing each other perfectly. 
“It’s an old parking lot,” explained Franck.
“Do you think these cars are waiting for their owners?” I asked. 
“Probably. It’s a strange area, there’s lots of mysteries like that around here. I think someone just forgot about these cars.” 
Behind the parking lot, there was another warehouse, also occupied by artists.   
“There are studios there, too,” said Franck, “but they’re not good painters,” he added. “Here,” he said, pointing to the floor, “is where real art lives. And conservation. Speaking of conservation, let me show you something. You’re probably curious if I made any progress.” 
We started walking towards the other end of the huge space. 
“I’m sorry, would you like anything to drink?” he asked suddenly. 
“I don’t know…” I said slowly; the adventure with the tea was still fresh in my mind, “maybe a cup of coffee.”
“I don’t have coffee,” Franck cut me off, “but I can offer you something much better,” he added mysteriously. 
“What?”
“Come and see,” he said, heading towards the kitchenette. He switched on the kettle. 
“I’m sorry, but recently, I’ve been a bit absent minded; I should’ve asked earlier.” 
“No problem,” I replied, “I’m not very demanding.” 
“Just don’t be so undemanding when it comes to women, or you’ll end up in a warehouse,” he laughed good-naturedly. “Look at the light here, it’s so pretty,” he said suddenly, pointing towards the spots of light shivering under the windows. I nodded. 
He took out from a cupboard something akin to a small, brown cauldron. He put some herbs inside and added some cold water. The tap made a humming noise when he opened it. 
“I’ve no idea why they make this noise,” he commented. 

When the water boiled, he filled up the tiny cauldron and added another spoonful of herbs. Then, he handed me the mysterious mixture. “Try!”
“What is this?”
“Try it,” he encouraged, putting his hand on my shoulder, “drink through the spoon,” he explained. 
“What do you mean?”
“The spoon is hollow inside, like a straw.” 
The spoon was indeed hollow. I took a sip and grimaced. 
“Tastes like mud,” I decided. 
“Mud?” Franck looked taken aback. “Green tea, more like.” 
I took another sip. 
“Maybe a bit like green tea, but with a splash of mud. What is this?” I put the drink back down on the counter. 
“Yerba mate,” Franck explained. “Herbs from the South America. They have a similar effect to coffee, but it lasts longer, and they contain some vitamins. Keep drinking, you’ll get used to it in a moment and you’re gonna like it.” I took the container and followed Franck. We headed to the other end of the warehouse, where, under the wall, stood an easel with a large, round painting on it. It looked very old. The canvas was fraying on the sides. 
It was painted in shades of brown and yellow. It was of a woman with curly, snake-like hair flowing in the wind, large, green eyes, oval face and tall forehead. She had large, smiling lips and two dimples that the smile was making in her cheeks. On the right side of her mouth, she had a mole. She was looking ahead with a penetrating stare of her green eyes. 
“That’s an unusual painting,” I said, “where did you get it?”
“Well, you’ve already seen it many times,” he replied, sounding surprised. “I’ve been doing some conservation work on it for a month. I just wanted to show you the progress I’ve made.”
“Maybe I’ve seen it, but tell me about it again,” I replied. 
“It’s from the sixties, but it’s really damaged and dirty – that’s why it looks so old,” he started explaining. “A guy brought it from Versailles for conservation. You see? The paint’s peeling. It’s an oil painting, but it lay forgotten an attic. It’s apparently a family memento. It’s a beautiful woman, by the way. You can rarely see women like this nowadays; they look more bland now. Look at these strong features; the gaze. You can laugh, but I can’t take my eyes off this painting. I have a feeling as if she’s watching me, and I can’t help but watch her too. 
“You’re right, it’s a beautiful woman,” I agreed. 
“Look at these green eyes; they could shoot sparks,” enthused Franck. “For now, I have finished cleaning the painting. You’ll see how it’s going to look in a week, when I’m done with the conservation,” he boasted. 
“What are you going to do with this?” I said, pointing to the top of the painting, where the mice of Versailles had made a sizeable hole. 
“What do you mean, what I’m going to do? I’m going to add a patch of canvas and paint it over. You don’t know that the whole Louvre is holey?”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m talking about the paintings, of course. They’re like a sieve, but the holes have been patched and painted over. It’s done well enough that a person who isn’t a conservator won’t notice anything. If you connected all these patches, it’d turn out that twenty percent of all masterpieces are fakes,” he finished and laughed. “How’s Yerba?” 
“It’s alright. I can’t even taste the mud anymore,” I said, sipping the beverage and looking at the strange painting. The woman was smiling at me. Franck was right. The portrait seemed to be watching me. 
“Do you think this woman really existed?” I asked. 
“Of course,” he replied. “It’s a family portrait, long forgotten and found in an attic. I actually know her name.”
“How do you know that?” I asked with interest. 
“I told you already,” he said, surprised. He walked up to the painting and turned it around. In the back of the canvas, there was an inscription: 

Maud, 1966.

We smoked again. Franck held out the cigarette pack in the damaged hand again in an awkward gesture. 
“I’m sorry, you’ll probably manage better,” he said, handing me the pack. He hid his hand again in the pocket. If it wasn’t for the hand, he’d be a totally normal guy. 
“Well, what do you think of this place?” he asked. 
“Yeah, I guess it’s a nice studio.” 
“And it’s not far. So, how about you move here? The rent’s the same as at your place. There’s a free room here.” 
“Listen…” 
“Yeah?” 
“I should’ve told you earlier. You see, I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.” 
“What do you mean? You asked me about these things. You said you wanted to move your studio somewhere else.”
“It’s not about that. I lost my memory. Maybe that’s what I should’ve started our conversation with, but I feel a bit stupid talking about it; it’s a bit hard to say, hi, I feel like an idiot, I can’t remember anything.” 
“You’re serious? What happened?” 
“Everybody’s asking me if I’m not joking. I’ll tell you everything I know in a moment, but I have one request…”
“Yes?”
“Please, tell me what kind of person I am.”
“All right, but I’m not sure what you want to know,” he said thoughtfully. There was a moment of awkward silence. “I really don’t know what to tell you. You surprised me here. You’re an artist, you paint…” he broke off. “You really lost your memory? It’s not some kind of game?” he asked, looking at me suspiciously. 
“I can’t remember anything,” I said, spreading my arms helplessly. 
“That’s weird,” he said, lost in thought. The awkward silence was back. I felt that I wasn’t going to learn much from this man.  
“Let me show you something,” Franck said suddenly. Without a word, he went back to the portrait and a few seconds later, he came back with a letter in a yellowed envelope. 
“What’s this?” I asked, surprised. 
“It’s a letter that I found in the back of the painting.” 
There was an inscription on the envelope, saying: “For my daughter Maud”
“Have you read it?” I asked. 
“No, it’s closed.” 
“Well, open it then…” 
“That wouldn’t be right… This might be some kind of family secret.” I could imagine Hugo’s face if he heard this. Yes, Hugo would certainly open this letter over steam. So would I. 
“I already called that man from Versailles. He was very interested in the letter; he said he’ll come to get it tomorrow,” Franck explained. 
We talked some more, and then I left. 
In the evening, I took out The Little Akashic Records and started writing.
I don’t know why Hugo’s been speaking so ill of Franck. I can’t sense that there’s anything wrong with him. He just seems a bit lost. I think it’d make him happy if he met the woman from the painting. 

THE NEXT DAY CAROLINE AND I got up at nine. After breakfast, we went out. There was mist hovering over the city; it had been raining for a few hours and everything was wet. 
We got in the warm car and went to meet a girl called Maud. The coincidence of her name with the woman from the painting fascinated me. I found her phone number in the planner the previous day, so I called her and arranged a meeting. 
The address in Versailles that she gave me was a small castle surrounded by an iron fence. In front of the gate, there were blue, yellow, and red striped flags. 
The castle was built of stone. It was a solid-looking building with a high-ground floor. It looked like a small fort. Next to the gate, there was a sentry box; next to the box, there was an old, extremely well-maintained sport convertible with its tarpaulin roof raised. You can rarely see cars like this anymore, these days. It had oval, chrome mirrors. 

Caroline stopped the car on the other side of the lane and turned the engine off. 
“Go, I’ll wait for you here,” she said. 

I got out of the car. The area was quiet and peaceful. There were no shops or cinemas here; all life happened behind the doors of the luxury villas. 
When I reached the gate, I looked back at Caroline; she was lighting a cigarette in the car. I felt like I was betraying our coffees, conversations, kisses and intimacy. My hesitation had to look suspicious to the guard, who pierced me with his ever-vigilant eyes. He was scanning me now with lasers hidden in his eyes. 
I pressed the round button of the door bell and a stately sound of the gong came from the castle. A moment later, the gate buzzed. I pushed it and entered the driveway leading to the house. The gravel crunched under my shoes. The lawn was perfectly trimmed. The place had a dignified atmosphere, and when I stood in front of the entrance, I contemplated ringing the bell again. The problem disappeared when, a moment later, a properly uniformed maid opened the door.
I walked through the door into the hall, feeling that I was entering the world of tea parties and afternoon snacks prepared by discreet servants. This was a place of impeccably starched and ironed collars. I involuntarily glanced in a huge, crystal mirror and straightened out my crumpled shirt. The frayed ends of my Levi’s weren’t presenting a glamorous sight, either. 
The maid led me through the house until we reached a parlor with tall, arched windows overlooking a pedantically groomed garden, with bushes growing precisely where they were told. They were trimmed into various geometric shapes. There was a blueish mist hovering over the garden. 
Inside the parlor, a grandfather clock was slowly ticking seconds away. Time flowed differently here: more slowly and solemnly.
The maid cleared her throat. I looked at her, thinking she was trying to get my attention, but it turned out she was clearing her throat at a couch that stood with its back to me, facing the windows. The maid cleared her throat again, louder this time, and suddenly, a young girl rose from the couch. She literally materialized right in front of me. I reflexively took a step backwards, right onto the foot of the maid. 
I couldn’t believe my eyes. Before me stood Maud, the girl from Franck’s painting. The same shock of hair, the same striking green eyes and dimples in the cheeks. Just standing there and smiling at me. 
“Hello, Paul.”

AT THE SAME TIME, WHICH was around 1.30 pm., in Exelmans street in the north of Versailles, it begun to rain. Sometimes, in the same city, there is a rainfall in one part of the city and not in others. It can even happen in smaller cities. There are people who research this kind of phenomena; if it’s something they do for a living, they are called meteorologists. If it’s something they do for fun, they are called freaks. But it doesn’t matter. What matters is that this phenomenon took place in Versailles on the 26th of April, 2010. 
Cats dislike rain. That’s why Maya peeked out from the bushes. She knew the nearest house well and she remembered that they don’t have a dog. With a pounding heart, she ran across the empty lawn and jumped on a window sill of one of the ground floor windows. Cats dislike open spaces. 

Sitting on the sill, she was safe from the rain. She also had a very good view of the living room inside the house. All cats are curious, but Maya was in the lead. She could open doors: she jumped on the handle and pushed it down with her body weight. She also learnt to open drawers. She liked to poke around in forbidden places. 
Now, she started to watch the inside of the house. A young man, an inhabitant of that house, entered the living room. He took off his jacket and hung it on the backrest of a chair. A young, elegant woman followed him into the room. She took the jacket and hung it in a closet in the hall. Maya knew the couple well. They were her neighbors. They didn’t have any pets and that was why she liked visiting their garden. They often left windows open at night, so a few times, she actually visited the house. 
Their house was, therefore, also a bit hers. So did they, according to the rule that it’s cats who own humans. Maya knew their smell and their names: Hugo and Cassi. They, meanwhile, knew nothing about her. This kind of acquaintance suited her very well. 

The living room window was slightly ajar and Maya could hear the neighbors’ voices. Continuing to watch the living room, she begun to think about humans. They were very interesting. Their lives were funny; they made everything difficult and complicated. They didn’t know how to be natural. They had to wear clothes. And those weird behaviors! If there was someone they didn’t like, they did everything in their power not to show it. Every cat with an ounce of self-respect would immediately chase away a cat that annoyed it; who’d surround oneself with people they disliked? 
Or all these meaningless activities that they called work. Humans hurry, run somewhere to get stuck there for hours and deal with some vague business. Waste of time. A cat would never act this way. Catching a mouse only takes a moment; never half a day. If it does take one half a day, one is useless. Yes, humans were definitely the world’s strangest creatures. Everyone else led simple, uncomplicated life. The lives of humans consisted of plenty of senseless behaviors which instead of happy, made them bitter. Humans like to complain about the order of the world. About the toughness of life. If they actually manage to achieve satisfaction, they get there with massive effort, while satisfaction and happiness can be achieved very easily; as easily as one breathes. Just like that.  
Once a human dares to break free and leaves their house without clothes, or tries to live in a way that is right for them! They’ll immediately call them a madman. Maya sighed. It was all so complicated. Concluding her deliberations, Maya decided that the biggest limitation humans are facing are themselves. And it is strictly connected with intelligence and thinking. Because, after all, can you call complicating the simplest things intelligent behavior? 

Meanwhile, Hugo took some juice out of the fridge and started drinking it straight from the carton. Cassi hugged him from behind. 
“I love it when you drink straight from the carton. It’s so primitive.” Hugo laughed. 
“Here, have some,” he said, grabbing her hand and dragging her towards himself, so she stood right in front of him. He took a sip of the juice, fitted his mouth against hers and tilted his head so that the juice flowed from his mouth into hers.
“Good,” she said, licking her mouth. “Please, sit,” she said, pointing to a chair at the table. Hugo sat down and Cassi took off her scarf. 
“Our other senses become sharper when we can’t see. Please, close your eyes,” she said. When he did as she asked, Cassi tied the scarf over his eyes. 
“That’s in case you wanted to open them,” she took the carton of juice from his hand and put it away on the table. “I’ve got an idea,” she said. 
“What idea?”
“Wait a moment. You’ll see,” she said and left the room. She came back in a few seconds with a silk shawl that floated behind her as she walked. Hugo listened to her heels click-clacking on the floor.   
“We’re going to play a game,” Cassi said, standing in front of the chair in which he sat. 
“What kind of game?”
“The game called trust,” she walked around the chair and started tying his wrists together. 
“What are you doing?”
“Let me,” she said and kissed him on the mouth. Hugo let her. She tied his hands tightly together and bound them to the backrest of the chair, so he couldn’t move. She tightened the knot. She did it all quickly and efficiently, as though tying people up was something she specialized in; as if she was a member of a commando unit serving some exotic regime. A commando that ties people up in their suburban homes, and then it conducts an interrogation. It will get any information they need. It will know all your secret thoughts. In the intervals, the commando smokes cigarettes. It does not know mercy. It jokes that someone came to the interrogation because they thought they were tough enough, but they weren’t, because they just couldn’t be tough enough. That’s how Hugo felt when she tightened that knot on his wrist.

“You’re in my hands now. Feel it,” Cassi laughed and there was a note of satisfaction in this laughter; satisfaction from the control that she suddenly had. “Now I’m the only one who can kiss you,” she continued, “now I’m the only one who can touch you, and you… you can only trust me. This could be interesting,” she said, standing up and walking towards the kitchen. The heels on the floor again. Then, a metallic noise. 
The first thought in his head was knife. He was right. 
From the knife holder on the counter, Cassi took the broadest knife, the one for meat. Without saying a word, she walked up to Hugo and sat in his lap again. She put the edge of the knife against his cheek and slid it delicately along his skin, tickling lightly. 
“You see, anything can be used to give pleasure,” she laughed, “even a knife. Now,” she put the edge against his throat, “one movement would be enough. Do you feel it? One movement and it’s over,” she stifled a giggle. There was some unhealthy satisfaction in this little laughter. Cassi lightly tapped Hugo’s cheek with the flat side of the blade. 
“Kiss my lips,” she ordered and he started kissing. “Kiss my neck. Good,” she purred. He could feel her quickened breath on his face. The mood of our partners can be contagious and Hugo felt a wave of desire rising inside him. Cassi was straddling his lap and taking everything she liked. Actually, she was him, right now. It made Hugo think. Sometimes you meet people who are so much like you that it’s fascinating and terrifying at once. 
Cassi grabbed him by the neck and started jumping up and down. She pretended to be a cowboy on a rodeo. He listened to her excited laughter. Because of the blindfold, he felt all sensations stronger and his imagination was giving him suggestions as to the nature of various sounds. Like the knife, and like what was going to happen in a moment.  
“Do you think I could kill?” Cassi asked suddenly. 
“No…”
“I think I could. I could kill for love. You have no idea what love does to my heart. My heart is wild. It wants to break free. Someone should control, and I’m not the right person. Do you hear what I’m saying?”

“I can,” he replied. She dragged her fingernail across his cheek. A shiver ran down his spine. 
“Kiss,” she hissed, “and do it well.” She grabbed his hair at the back of his scalp and tilted his head back so far that he could feel how taut the skin of his neck became when she dragged her nails there, too. He had the impression that they were claws that could slice his throat open in one gesture. “Kiss this mouth, because it’s yours,” she laughed. It was eery how she seemed to know his earlier thoughts. 
“Yes, I am you,” she laughed again, “we’re the same. Spitting images. Carbon copies. The only difference is that you are a man, and I am a woman. Even your sister, even your mother has less in common with you than I. When we make love, you always ravage. You just want to take. But I like taking too. And now I will take you. You can see what it’s like.” He felt how she unfastened his belt and took off his trousers. “Do everything I ask for or you’ll regret it,” she said, grabbing his hair again. 
Then she started impaling herself on him, hard, biting his lips till it bled. She was screaming in all possible keys and laughing in this stifled way. 

On the window sill, Maya pressed her nose to the glass. 

“Now you take me,” said Cassi, untying his hands. Hugo immediately tore the blindfold off and dragged Cassi to the couch. He turned her over and entered her roughly. Cassi wasn’t screaming anymore; she was howling. It lasted a few good moments, during which Cassi almost lost her voice. Then, they fell on the couch. 
“I finished inside you.” 
“I know, I could feel it, but you can do it; I can’t get pregnant now.” 
They were lying side by side, looking at the ceiling. 
“We shouldn’t have done this,” said Hugo. Cass didn’t answer. She just kept staring at the ceiling. 
“What do you think?” he asked. 
“I didn’t force you to do anything, although it probably looked like I was,” she laughed. “I have a question…” 
“Yes?”
“Why did you lie to him?”
“Who?” asked Hugo, surprised. 
“Paul,” she replied. Hugo paused to think. He knew Cassi’s tricks. If she didn’t want to talk about something, she just changed the subject. It was charming, in a way. Her whole style was charming, actually; she was like a cat, that can never be anyone’s possession. She always had some kind of mysterious, feline plan. She smiled mysteriously, too, and perhaps that smile meant something. And perhaps it was just a smile. Cassi, in short, was a mystery. Her eyes often shone with danger and thoughts no-one could ever guess. In these moments, Hugo remembered his father’s words: “you’ll do what you want, but be careful with her.” 
“I didn’t lie to him,” he answered. 
“What do you mean,” she laughed, “You didn’t tell him the truth about Caroline. She’s not his wife. Why did you do it? He’s your friend.” 
“Before I met with Paul, I talked to Caroline.” 
“Oh?” Cassi sounded surprised.
“Yes, and she asked me not to tell him anything, for now. We decided I’ll tell him everything in two weeks, do you understand?”
“I’m trying to understand. But you will tell him? I think he should know the truth.” 
“Yes. In two weeks, he’ll know everything there is to know. Let’s give Caroline some time. I don’t know why, but I trust her.”
“Why?” Cassi asked, watching him intently. 
“I don’t know. Paul is different when he’s with her. I think he’s happy now, and I think it’s thanks to the fact that he’s mostly been around her.” 
“Maybe…”
“Would you like some wine?”
“Yes. White, half wine, half orange juice. And a lot of ice, please.” 
“I don’t understand why you drink wine like this.” 
“That’s how I like it. That’s all explanation you’re getting,” her black eyes flashed defiantly. Hugo got up and went to the kitchen. Cassi adjusted her clothes and reached for her bag which was lying on the table. She took out a pack of cookie-flavored cigarettes and a neatly folder sheet of paper. She lit the cigarette and unfolded the sheet. Maya pressed her nose to the glass. She was really curious. But Cassi held it at an angle at which Maya could only see a small bit. Suddenly, Cassi stood up to get the ashtray and Maya saw what was on the piece of paper. It was a page torn out from a travel magazine: a picture of a tropical island with yellow sand. 
Cassi came back to the couch and put the ashtray next to herself. She looked at the picture for a few moments and smoked the cigarette. The blue smoke floated to the ceiling and Maya thought that it was the same color as the sea in the picture. Maya knew very well what the sea was. The sea was where the world ended. This is elementary knowledge. All cats know this. 
Now, Maya watched Cassi look at the picture; she saw how closely she looked at it, tilting her head. After a while, she folded it neatly again and put it back in her handbag. When Hugo came back with the wine, she was sitting and smoking, as if nothing happened. Hugo didn’t know about the picture from the bag. He didn’t know, because he didn’t observe.  


I FELT LIKE I SAW A GHOST. I wondered how this could be possible. The woman from the painting should, according to my quick calculations, be around seventy years old. The portrait was painted in 1966. The girl who was standing in front of me, however, couldn’t be older than eighteen. 
“You’re not going to say hello? You don’t recognize me?” Maud admonished. I snapped out of my thought and took a step towards her. I kissed her on the cheek. I still couldn’t say anything. 
 “I’m sorry that we have to meet here, but I can’t leave the house,” she sighed. “But we can go for a walk,” she gestured towards the garden outside. “That’s a good place for talking.” 

A moment later, we left the house and strolled along a lane framed with rows of plane trees. At the end of the lane, there was the sentry box, currently surrounded by the mist. It was soon going to rain again. 
I started to tell Maud my story. When I finished, she was silent for a long moment, as if she didn’t hear everything that I just said. 
“What do you think?” I asked. 
“That’s a weird story; but maybe that’s for the better. Maybe that’s what you needed: to lose your memory. Sometimes, I think that everything happens for a reason, and that everything that happens has meaning. Everything; even the tiniest details.” 
“Do you know what could’ve happened that I lost my memory?” I asked. 
“I don’t know,” she shrugged. “The last time we met was a month ago, at a party, after which, by the way, I was grounded. It was just a normal party in a club. Everyone got drunk. I can’t remember anything unusual. The only unusual thing would be me getting grounded. Well, but my stepmother does hate me. Can you imagine that she’s still upset that I’m not calling her “mom”? She’s nothing like my mother; how could I call her that? My stupid father is on her side. I’m in fucking exile here. I feel like Napoleon on fucking Elba. He escaped; maybe I’ll do the same,” she said dreamily. “Listen, I’m probably no help at all,” she said, grabbing my arm. “I really don’t know anything. I’ve no idea. Not the faintest. None at all. I don’t know what could’ve happened that you can’t remember anything. But I’m telling you, if it’s important, I’m sure you’ll remember. I’m like that. I’ll forget some meeting, and then, an hour before it starts, I somehow remember and I get ready in a hurry and I manage to get there on time. Well, maybe I’m a bit late, but I get there. You’ll see, the same thing will happen with you,” she smiled and the dimples appeared again. 
“Oh, by the way-”
“Yeah?” 
“Do you have cigarettes?”
“Yes,” I said and reached into my pocket. 
“Give me one. But not here. Let’s go to that bench by the hedge. I don’t want someone to see and be denounced for smoking. I’m screwed enough as it is. Everybody hates me here; even the maid. She won’t even talk to me; she just clears here throat. And now I also lost that book…” 
We sat down on the bench and lit the cigarettes. 
“What book?”
“My mother’s book. I told you about it lots of times. …Right, but you can’t remember. My mom died when I was fifteen. Now I’m seventeen, but I still can’t accept it. My mom wrote a book, titled Sheol.” My father never mentioned that mum wrote something. One day, I found the typescript in the attic, signed by mum. This book became my treasure. But you know, treasures should be well hidden, and I was stupid. 

“It happened two years ago. On the twenty-first of June. That day, I found mum’s book and I started reading. The next day, I went to school in the morning; it was the end of the school year. When I came back, Sheol was gone. I don’t know what happened with it. But I know that my stepmother had something to do with it. I’m positive. She thinks I’m a failure, because apparently you should want something, work, study. And of course have some achievements, instead of just feeling like an outsider and reading books. “This book won’t bring my mother back” – that’s what Cristine said. You have to admit, the name sounds like something out of a horror movie. Cristine the stepmother. My father says he never heard of any books written by my mother. I was stupid that I didn’t hide it… I only read twenty pages, but it was the best book I’ve ever read,” Maud said, looking down. “Maybe they’re right. Maybe I’m crazy and useless. Maybe I’m as stupid as they want me to be.” 
“Don’t say that,” I replied; she said nothing. 
“I just wanted to read my mom’s book, but I don’t know what’s going on anymore. Because if you want something and they take it away from you, you can’t stop thinking about it, you keep snapping back to it, you can’t move on, and no counseling can turn it off.
“Meeting me was probably a stupid idea. I’m useless. You lost your memory, I should do something to help you, and instead I’m just talking about one thing,” she said, looking at the park with blank stare, as if she didn’t see what was in front of her. 
“You are helping.” 
“I don’t think so. How can I be helping if I can’t even help myself? All people I should trust – my father, my stepmother – keep saying that Sheol never existed; that it was just something my subconscious invented this book, because I couldn’t accept mom’s death.” She was silent for a moment. “But it’s not true. I’m sad but I’m not crazy. I remember that book, I knowi t existed. Tell me, why did they take it?” she finished, looking at me. 
“I don’t know.” 
“Do you also think that Sheol wasn’t real? Say openly what you think. I won’t be angry.” 
“I don’t know…”
“At that last party, you said that it doesn’t matter if it was real or not. And that I should think that it never existed, because that’s going to make it easier for me.”
“I said that?”
“Word for word. Can you repeat it now?”
“I don’t know…”
“Be careful, Paul,” she said in a warning tone, “because you might be approaching the line that I crossed a long time ago…”
“What kind of line?”
“The line beyond which life is only filled with silly dreams and shallow stories nobody cares about and that have no value. Because it’s very possible that, even if Sheol is real, it doesn’t have any value; and even if I found this book, it wouldn’t change anything. It’s probably just a sentimental story that happens to be written by someone who was important to me. But I can’t cut myself off and live normally in a home where, since my mother died, I am an intruder.
“Now I have to just sit here; I’m grounded. My stepmother said that I was given too much freedom and it messed up my mind. This is hopeless. Fucking rock bottom. Apparently, you can bounce off the bottom and all that, but I think that on the bottom, you can only get entangled in the seaweed. Can I have another cigarette?”
“Of course.” 
“I really like the cookie-flavored cigarettes. I should start working and studying, but I’m just so confused. Maybe that book is my curse. What do you think?” 
I looked at her and said nothing. I wondered what I should do: should I tell her about the portrait that I saw at Franck’s place? The woman in the portrait is beyond doubt her mother. And there was also that letter. What if Franck already gave it back to that man he talked about, and who, beyond doubt, was Maud’s father? 
“Why did you stay?” asked Maud suddenly. 
“Was I going to go somewhere?”
“A month ago, at that party, you kept talking about how you were planning to go to Lisbon, to visit your friend who apparently painted some amazing painting. You said you wanted to help her and take that painting to an exhibition in Paris.” 
“You see, you just helped me.” 
“Really?” she cheered up. 
“Yes. I’m going to check this in my planner. Now, I have to leave you,” I said, looking at my watch. It was four o’clock sharp. 
“What are those flags in front of your house?”
“Oh, they’re Romanian,” she laughed. “Right, we aren’t a popular country. My father is the Romanian ambassador. As you’re probably guessing, my mother was also Romanian. She was a great cook, she knew loads of recipes. I’d do anything to try her tocanita or mămăliga. Now we only have French food at home,” she said, scowling at the house, “Cristine is French. She can’t understand my heart… Paul, I was born here. I have a French name, but my heart of made of mămăliga and Romanian fairytales, and I’m not talking about Dracula. Admit that this is the only thing you associate with Romania,” she said with a smile. 
“Yes,” I replied. Maud was suddenly serious. “You can learn a language. You can even think in that language, but you can’t change your heart. Anyway, I can’t do that. You really have to go?”
“Yeah, my wife’s waiting for me. She drove me here.” 
“Wife?” she asked quickly. 
“Yes.”
“That’s weird. I never heard that you had a wife…”

AFTER THE MEETING WITH MAUD, WHEN Caroline and I were on our way back, I gave her a rough summary of my conversation with the girl. I also asked if she thought it was strange that Maud hadn’t heard that I had a wife. 
“You know,” Caroline sounded amused, “your friends are quite weird. It’s like everyone is from a different reality and I think that there’s a different you living in each of these worlds,” she looked away from the road for a moment. “Do you understand?” 
“I understand,” I replied, but then I, again, had the impression that I shouldn’t believe everything without any reservations. 

As soon as Caroline and I got home, I immediately called Franck. The first thing I said when he answered was asking him if he already met the man from Versailles and gave him the letter. It turned out that he didn’t.
“Don’t give it back,” I said. 
“I don’t understand why?” he said, surprised, “I already arranged a meeting. He’s coming in an hour.”
“Say you don’t have time.”
“But I do have time.” He was so upright it was annoying. 
“I met the girl from your painting,” I said. There was silence at the other end. Franck was clearly lost for words. “Maybe you’ll think this is weird, but this girl, Maud, exists. And now listen to me closely: you are going to give that letter to her, do you hear me? I’ll arrange a meeting.” 
Franck was still silent. 
“Do you hear what I’m saying?”
“Alright…” he stammered. 
“Don’t meet anyone before her; especially that guy from Versailles. Don’t show him the painting. Do you understand? This is very important.” 
“I understand.” 
“The letter and the painting belong to this girl. Are you going to do what I’m asking?”
“Yes. But this was very unexpected. You’re not kidding? This girl really exists? Tell me.”
“She does, I’m telling you.”
“Did you know her before?” he asked and I hesitated. 
“I’ve known her for a bit…” I said vaguely, but Franck wasn’t going to give up so easily. 
“You’ve seen the painting at my place lots of times. I’ve been working on it for a month,” he said reproachfully, “why didn’t you say anything about her? You always wanted to look at that painting when you came, but you never said anything? Why?” he was finally silent. There was an awkward tension between us. 
“I don’t know,” I said. “How could I know? I lost my memory. Now I’m telling you; please, do what I’m asking you to do.”
“Very well, I will do it,” he replied. Then we finished the conversation. I hung up, still, almost physically, feeling the sting of his reproach. 




CHAPTER 10

MAUD WAS RIGHT; I indeed had a visit in Lisbon noted down in my planner. I found a reservation for a plane ticket and an address in Lisbon that belonged to a girl called Pamela. There was also a phone number. I called it and it turned out that we planned to meet in three days and it was supposed to be about the painting that I was going to take to an exhibition. Exactly as Maud told me earlier. 
After a debate with Caroline, I decided to go to that meeting. 
Caroline drove me to the airport, where we drank terribly sweet coffee. Coffee in airports is, for some reason, always too sweet. People are rushing, thinking of lots of various problems, and, as a result, they put too much sugar in their coffee. 
After the meeting with Maud, I started to wonder if the things Caroline was telling me were true. Why wouldn’t Maud know that I had a wife? 
“When I’m back, we’ll need to talk,” I said. 
“All right,” said Caroline with a smile, “although this sounds very serious. Men usually say that when they want to break up.” 
“That’s not what this is about.” 
“I know.” 
After the check-in I moved to the area where Caroline couldn’t follow me. I bought a newspaper in one of the shops. I went to the waiting area and tried to read it, but I couldn’t. My eyes were just mechanically sliding across the text and jumping from sentence to sentence. I kept thinking about all these adventures that happened to me, about Caroline, about our lovemaking, about getting to know myself and others. I understood Caroline perfectly; I understood why she was sad, but can you love someone when you just can’t remember anything? Maybe it’s better to love when you can remember, even the bad moments; maybe it’s better to love despite everything? 

LISBON IS A LABIRYNTH OF SMALL winding streets, stairs and passages. A perfect city for conspirators. The taxi driver to who I showed the address, dropped me off in a street in the center of the city and pointed towards a back lane which was too narrow for his car. He gestured straight ahead, then right. 
“Okay,” I replied to his Portuguese explanation. I paid and started walking up the narrow lane. Over my head, there were washing lines with clothes hung out to dry between balconies. There was the scent of washing and the sea in the air. Some people say this is the lingering scent of Africa, but to me, it’s the smell of old houses, dried wood and roof tiles, hot in the sun.
I kept walking up the street that was winding like a snake between the houses; I walked past windows and colorful doors. The windows were usually framed with rectangular rocks. The tiny balconies were loaded full of washing. The washing was omnipresent; the houses were connected with clothes lines. 
Some walls were decorated with colorful tiles, after the Arabic fashion, and there were pots with plants outside of the doors. I took another turn and nearly collided with a green bench on which there was sitting an elderly man. His face was furrowed with deep wrinkles. He was wearing a straw hat with a red ribbon. He was resting his both hands on the handle of a walking stick, carved in the shape of a lion’s head. There was an unlit cigarette dangling from his mouth. He looked at me sharply. 
I showed him the address. He didn’t say anything; he instantly knew that I was from abroad. Or actually, that I was mentally deficient and communicating with the world with gestures and slips of paper. 

He gestured ahead, then right, just like the taxi driver. He didn’t smile; he was serious and dignified like the Sphinx. I nodded and walked away. He kept watching me; I felt his black eyes piercing my back. 
Soon, I reached a crossroads. Just like I’ve been instructed, I turned right into an arched passage in the wall, beyond which I saw a lane so narrow that it would be probably difficult for two people to pass each other by in this place.  
The lane ended with stairs. I started to climb them. Every now and then, there was an interval in the form of a landing, but then the stairs started again. I kept climbing and watched the numbers of houses; finally, I found number ten. 
I wasn’t sure if I should ring the door bell, but I didn’t find it. I knocked on the door. Then I knocked again, louder, but the only thing that answered was silence. I pressed the door handle and the door creaked open. I stepped inside the dimly lit interior, leaving behind me the empty street. 
There was nobody around; aside from the old man, nobody had seen me, so maybe it was good that I showed him the address and asked for directions. Thanks to this, there was somebody in Lisbon who knew where I went.

I FOUND MYSELF AT THE BOTTOM of a green, wooden staircase. The flat whose address I had written down on a slip of paper was number fourteen. I started climbing the stairs. On each floor, there were three flats. 
The flat number fourteen was on the top floor, in the attic. There was no door bell, so I knocked. I waited. Then, the door opened and revealed a tall woman with red, curly hair. 
“Welcome, famous artist,” she said and kissed me on the cheek. “Come in,” she said with a wide, inviting gesture. She was very thin, and her sharply defined cheekbone emphasized her skinny figure. 
Suddenly, I heard growling and scraping of claws on the floor, and then a very large Amstaff with wild eyes was running towards me, baring its teeth. The woman grabbed him by the neck before he reached me. The dog was all pink, his black nose the only variation of color. 
“Arnold, you like to make an unexpected appearance, don’t you. This is Paul,” she gestured towards me with her left arm, while still holding the dog with the right. “Paul is our guest, behave yourself,” she added, wagging her finger in front of his face. Then she let him go. Arnold walked up to me, growling a bit, and gave me a mistrustful sniff. Then he walked away. 
“Come on in,” said Pamela with a smile; I had the impression that there was something weak and misty about that smile. She closed the door with force. 
“Is your wife with you?” she asked suddenly. 
“No,” I replied, still a bit shaken, the memory of almost getting bitten by a pink Amstaff fresh in my mind. 
“Good; for a moment I was scared that I slammed the door in her face. I sometimes have problems with coordination, I’m sorry.” 
“You don’t have to apologize, I’m alone.” 
“What did you do?”
“Nothing…” 
“Right, guys always do some mischief and then they play an innocent,” she said, smiling mistily again. 
“Listen, is it just me or is your dog pink?”
“Hmm, you know, Arnold is a bit aggressive, so I painted him. I hope he’ll change a bit. Colors apparently have an effect on the psyche. And, anyway, I just wanted to do it,” she shrugged and led me further into the flat. She was very tall. Her t-shirt hung on her skinny body like she was a hanger. 
The flat was a large attic with window looking out on all cardinal points. In the middle, there was a chimney with a potbelly stove. On the right, there was a large couch with a floral pattern with a small portable TV next to it. Next to a full-length window on the right stood a wide armchair, in which lied pink Arnold and watched me with hostile eyes. I don’t who you are, Paul – his expression seemed to be saying – I don’t know if you’re a friend or not, but let’s just wait until Pamela goes outside and I’ll show you how the pink is working on me. That’s what I saw in his eyes, or at least that’s how I interpreted it. 
Pamela’s interpretation must have been completely different, because she patted the dog on his head and said he’s a good boy. Behind Arnold’s armchair, there was a green door leading to Pamela’s bedroom. It was a long, narrow room with a huge bed, a mosquito net stretched over it, and a sleepy fly buzzing inside the net. 
“Do you have any other animals?” I asked. The flat was full of nooks and crannies that could be hiding some dangerous creatures, such as snakes that really dislike being accidentally stepped on, or huge spiders that like to wonder about on hairy legs. Perhaps that was the reason behind the mosquito net. 

There was plenty of plants everywhere. Upon closer inspection, they all turned out to be marijuana. Some had darker, some lighter leaves, some were smaller and some larger, but they were all marijuana. It seemed really likely that there could be a spider here that hid somewhere on the plant. 
“No,” Pamela dispelled my suspicion. “I only have Arnold, and he’s peculiar, and I don’t just mean the pink. Huh, he should work in bleach commercials, he can gnaw out all stains!” I laughed. She was really funny. In reply, Pamela only gave me a pale smile. She generally gave off the vibe of an Icelandic princess, pale and cold. Her name should be Brunhild, not Pamela, I thought to myself. I had no idea how wrong I was about her. 

“Where’s the bathroom?” I asked. 
“That way,” said Pamela, pointing to a shabby-looking door. The bathroom was quite large, with a small balcony on which some of Pamela’s clothes were, naturally, hung out to dry.  

There was a view of the area from the balcony: a sea of red roofs connected with each other. A large, black cat was strolling slowly across one of them, with a smaller one hopping merrily behind him.  Tabby and Ash, I thought. This city was perfect for cats. Especially the black ones. So many roofs: they didn’t have to ever descend and cross anyone’s path. 

The ceiling in the bathroom was slanted on one side. Underneath the slant, stood a massive bath, supported by lion’s paw feet. On the other side, there was a sink with a mirror in a richly decorated frame above it. I washed my face and rinsed my mouth. 
When I walked out of the bathroom, Pamela was pouring white wine into glasses. Then, she sat down on the couch and gestured to me to come over. 
“I was beginning to worry you got lost. Anyway, where’s your luggage?”
“I don’t have any. I didn’t have time to pack.” Instead of answering, she just looked at me, slightly amused. 
“Here, have some wine,” she said, handing me one of the glasses. We sat in silence for a few moments. Then she couldn’t keep from speaking anymore. 
“You’re not curious? You don’t want to see it?”
“What?” 
“What do you mean what? The painting!”
“Of course I do,” I said and Pamela jumped out of the couch grabbed my hand and dragged me towards the inner part of the attic. 
Next to a large window, one with the biggest balcony occupied by a flock of pigeons, stood an easel on which, covered with a sheet, was the painting. Pamela stood next to the easel and clasped her hands. She looked like she was praying. 
“I’m scared,” she confessed. “I’m scared of what you’ll think.” 
“Just show me,” I said quietly. 
“What if you don’t like it and you decide you don’t want to take it to the exhibition anymore? What if the French don’t like it? This is the reason you came. I’ve been doing nothing but painting this for a year,” she said, agitated. “Maybe just see for yourself,” she added and moved away. She was holding her wine glass in front of her face like a shield. 
I pulled the sheet and it slowly cascaded to the floor, revealing the painting. I just stood there and looked at it in shock. I was completely speechless.
“Do you like it? Say something,” Pamela urged me. “Say something or I’m going to have a heart attack. You know how it is; if you work on something so much, it becomes your life.” 

I could only stand there mutely. Words failed me. The painting was of Caroline, naked, standing on the edge of a cliff. Below, waves were billowing upon a stormy sea. There was a Cupid with a bow hovering by her side. The sky was clouded. Bindweed was twisting and creeping on the ground. 
It was unbelievable. Pamela had painted Caroline. I felt that I needed to sit down. 
  
PAMELA WAS DRINKING HER WINE with quick, nervous sips. 

“It’s really your wife? It’s incredible. I’ve never even seen her…” 
“Then how did you know what she looks like? How did you paint this? Who sat for you?” I asked. 
“Huh, this is very strange,” she said, touching her forehead. “You know, a year ago, I had a weird dream: I was a man, a Greek sailor. My ship reached the shore of a mysterious island. Beautiful flowers in exceptional colors were growing there; pink, blue, and yellow.
“On a hill, stood a palace full of wild, tamed animals. Tigers were playful like domesticated cats. Lions strolled around the empty halls. There were all sorts of creatures there, except for humans. The crew of the ship said the island was enchanted, and that we should leave it immediately. As the captain, I felt that everything happens for a reason, and that’s why we should stay in the palace. And we stayed, despite the fact that night was falling, and everybody knows that strange and unfathomed things happen at nighttime. 

For safety, we decided to sleep in one room. Everybody fell asleep really quickly – except for me. Suddenly, I heard the noise of bare feet running across the marble floor. I followed that noise and eventually, I found myself in a garden where, in the light of the full moon, I saw the life-size statue of a beautiful woman. Suddenly, the statue moved – because it wasn’t a statue, after all, but a living woman. 
“Paint my portrait,” she asked me. She had a beautiful face. Then, I woke up. 
“What happened after that?” I asked. 
“It’s very strange…”
“Tell me. I also have strange dreams.”
“Ok,” she replied. She took a joint out of her pocket, lit it and took a drag. Then she handed it to me. She started to spin her tale, interrupted from time to time with long drags. 
“I forgot about that dream, but then, I had another one. I was the sailor again, and that woman was scolding me. Why aren’t you painting my portrait?, she said, you know how to paint. When I woke up, I started painting. Ever since then, I dreamt about her each night, and each time, I tried to memorize what she looked like so I could paint her after waking up. How is it possible that she’s your wife?”
“I don’t know,” I replied. “Maybe you’ve seen her?” I took a deep drag and gave the joint back to Pamela. 
“No,” she cut me off, “I’ve never seen her. She’s the woman from the dream that used to haunt me. When I finished the painting, I never dreamt about her again. For the first time I created something perfect; because to me, this painting is perfect. It’s everything I wanted it to be, and you know that this just never happens. An artist always wants to change something or thinks that their work is not exactly how you imagined it.” 
“Yes, it’s incredible,” I replied. 
“Do you like it?”
“It’s the most beautiful painting I’ve ever seen.” 
“You probably say that because it’s a portrait of someone you love,” she decided, looking a bit disappointed. 
“No,” I protested. “That only makes it even more magical to me; but it’s also amazing because of how it’s painted. The colors are so vivid. They look more real than the real ones. Green is greener, and the face seems to change, make different expressions. How did you do that?”
“Hmm. I applied lots of glazes, layer after layer. The colors shine through each other. I was patient. The face on the top layer has a different expression than the one beneath it, and it shows through a little bit. That’s why you get the impression that the plants are swaying and the whole painting is moving.” 
“This painting is amazing. Sometimes people create something magical, and this painting is magical. People should see it,” I said. “But I’m still wondering how it’s possible that you painted Caroline?” 
“This isn’t Caroline,” Pamela replied. “This is the woman from the dream. Anyway, she told me what her name is.” 
“What is it?” I asked with interest. 
“She said she was called Shareno. You should try to think about what it is about your wife that makes you see her in paintings. Because maybe she looks similar to your wife only to you,” Pamela said and looked me in the eye. 
“No, I don’t think so,” I said shortly. 
“Hmm,” she was pensive for a moment. “Good, let’s finish the wine and go to the city to listen to some fado.”
“To listen to what?” 
“Fado is a genre of music. I’ll be your guide. I’ll take you to a place where we can have some good sea fruit and listen to fado.” 
“Alright,” I said and licked my mouth, dried from the smoked marijuana. 

AT THE RESTAURANT, WE DRANK three more bottles of chilled white wine and ate a large plate of sea fruit. I was sitting there with Pamela and feeling happy and miserable at the same time. She was smoking joint after joint and talked, and I listened. 
The more she talked, the more I begun to get to know her world. She told me about her dog who ran out to the street one day and bit the baker’s ankle. The baker used to stand under her window in the mornings and talk to someone loudly. Pamela didn’t like it and the dog seemed to understand it. Ever since then, the baker never had loud conversations under Pamela’s window anymore. But it turned out that he wanted Arnold to be put down, so Pamela started to hide him in the attic; Arnold was her only friend, and you don’t kill your friends just because they bit someone’s ankle. This would be disproportionately cruel punishment; if he bit off his leg, then that would be a different story. 

I sat there and listened to the lonely Pamela, who did nothing else but worked on her painting. It was titled Shareno. She was going through a rough time because her girlfriend dumped her; she was small and curly-haired, and she was beautiful, and she had lips full of passion. Her name was Veronica, and when she slept, she held Pamela tightly in her arms. She was always close, always there when Pamela needed her; she was there with her soothing touch and she knew how to use it. She knew when to kiss her neck, and when to kiss her lips. Yes, Veronica always knew that. When someone like this leaves, they don’t take the whole world away. The world stays. Trees, people, animals, even Arnold is still there and he’s hiding like a criminal. That was funny: Arnold, the dog wanted for the baker’s ankle. 
But when you’re left by someone you love, they take away all the joy of life and all smiles. Nothing makes us happy anymore. It’s as if someone drained the world of color and from now on, we’re going to see in black-and-white. That painting wouldn’t mean anything, but she started working on it when she had a really happy time with Veronica; that was why Pamela was surprised when I said that the woman in the painting is my wife. For Pamela, it was a portrait of the woman from the dream. She started painting it when she met Veronica and she worked on it throughout their all relationship. 
Then, Pamela started to cry and her tears fell on the empty bottles and the ashtray full of cigarettes that we had smoked and now they were hovering above us in the form of blueish mist.  
“Even fado doesn’t make me happy anymore,” Pamela said. “It doesn’t make me happy when they’re playing fado, do you know what this means?”
“What?”
“That I have nothing,” she spread her arms helplessly. “Once, I could listen to music for hours and it always brought comfort. Now it doesn’t.” 
“How do you make a living if you’re spending your all days painting one portrait?”
“Huh, good question,” she said more vividly. “My mother is so generous that she sends me five hundred Euros each month. It’s a great gesture considering my rent is three hundred Euros. Not bad for a person who doesn’t want to have anything to do with me, you must admit.” 
“Not bad at all,” I replied. 
“She owns a palace – two, even – and that five hundred is what she monthly spends on flowers for her luxurious homes, but it doesn’t matter. As I said, I’m glad I’m getting anything from her. If she didn’t, how would I finish the painting? I wouldn’t,” she said, spreading her arms in a helpless gesture. “So what I get is good enough. Additionally, I work as a mime: I paint my face white and pretend to be a statue. You can earn decent money like that. People like silly stuff like that. Then I go home, feed Arnold. I open the balcony for him, the one with the pigeons, so he can go to toilet. He does it quickly; he knows how to keep a low profile. Then he goes back to his armchair, and I go to lie in my bath and think. 
“I think about how I failed in my life. I only have Arnold and that painting,” she said and started to cry again, like a broken, lonely child. I wanted to comfort her, but I had no idea how. It’s how to comfort children who have nothing in the whole world and they’re crying their helplessness out. 

“I once had a sister. Claudia came to visit me, one day. Before she left, she got up earlier, sat down in the armchair by my bed and read a newspaper. I still have that newspaper; sometimes I read it, just like she did that day. I try to figure what could pique her interest. She sat there and read that newspaper while I slept, and I like to sleep in. I woke up at noon. She sat there, reading and holding my hand, for two hours. When I asked her why she did that, she said I love you, silly billy, so I’m holding your hand. Yes, Claudia loved me for who I was; she loved me when I worked on one painting, slept until noon, loved Veronica. She was like the Great Wall of China, protecting me from all evil and misery.” 
“What happened with her?”
“You haven’t figured it out yet? Nothing’s permanent in life. She was killed in a road accident. She was in a car with her partner who caused the accident and killed her, while he survived. Oh, if I could only meet him… Do you know what I’d do?”
“What?”
“I’d tell him what he took away from me. Perhaps he’d never sit behind the wheel again afterwards. Because he took my guardian angel from me,” she said and started crying again. “Yes, there are angels in the world. Angels are people who understand you when the whole world criticizes you and doesn’t care,” she said and started crying in earnest. I realized that the more we sit here, the more she’ll cry, so I took her outside. 
We were followed by an imposingly built bartender who demanded that we pay the bill. I reached into my pocket and paid, and he walked away mollified, muttering to himself under his breath. Then he disappeared back in the restaurant like a bear in a cave. Pamela and I walked back home. 

Before I went to sleep, I took out The Little Akashic Records and begun to write. 
Pamela’s already asleep. I have to admit that her painting is incredible. I could steal it. Maybe it’s wrong, but it’s true. I could give a lot to be able to take it instead of sending it to the exhibition. Pamela’s suffering; it seems that every breath she takes is painful. It’s difficult to watch, because you just can’t comfort her. Maybe it’s sad, but I think only death could comfort her. Perhaps that is exactly what she needs. 

THE FOLLOWING DAY I WOKE UP around eleven. I had a massive headache. 
Pamela was awake too; she was bathing. 
“I left some painkillers for you on the counter,” she shouted from behind the slightly open door. 
I followed her advice and swallowed one of the magic pills. I washed it down with cold water and I immediately felt better. 
When Pamela finished bathing, we had coffee that she made in a drip brewer.
Pamela put on some music and we sat, drinking coffee and listening to fado.  
“Listen…” she started shyly, “I’m sorry about yesterday. I was a mess. I know you’re leaving today. I feel really stupid,” she made a helpless gesture with her hands. “I wanted your visit to be nice. We’ve known each other for so long. You came to help me, to take the painting to the exhibition. I want you to remember that I’m alright,” she said, putting her hand on my shoulder. 
“I know,” I replied, “but everything’s ok. You created a beautiful painting. I’m leaving tomorrow, not today, so we still have some time.” 
“Oh, that’s great. That’s wonderful,” she said with a smile, but her eyes were still sad. 

We decided to eat breakfast at a small restaurant in the neighborhood. 
“I’ll have tomato salad and olive toasts,” she said to the waiter. He was very skinny and moved like a toreador. 
“I’m sorry, what will you have?” she addressed me. 
“The same,” I replied, “and a white coffee.” 
Pamela placed the order and the waiter disappeared. Pamela crossed her legs and lit a cigarette, tilting her head back, so that sun was shining on her face. 
“Can I have one, too?” I asked.
“Of course. Please,” she said, pushing the package in my direction. We were sitting at one of the colorful tables set out in the street. Pamela drew a second chair towards herself and stretched her legs out on it. 
“You know, I like you. I really like you,” she said, smiling lightly. 
“I like you, too,” I replied and felt awkward, because I was finding it so difficult to express my emotions. I couldn’t find the words to tell her that I understand how hard it had to be for her to lose both her lover and the beloved sister, and that I love her painting so much that I thought I could even steal it.
“Would you like to have my painting?” She asked, as if reading my mind. 
“Yes…” I answered slowly. 
“I understand,” she said, looking me straight in the eye. She was now sitting with her elbows propped against the table. “You know, sometimes I can hear music…” 
“What kind of music?” I asked with interest. 
“I mean, it comes to me, but I can’t play any instruments and I don’t know how to write it down. If I did, it would be the saddest melody in the world. You know, they say that real art has to come from suffering,” she added, lighting another cigarette. 
“And by the way, I apologize.”
“For what?” I asked, surprised. 
“We were supposed to have a good time today.” 
“Oh come on, that’s what we’re doing. Can I have another cigarette?”
“Yes, you don’t have to ask,” she replied. “I have an idea. Maybe we could go see my brother?”
“Sure; I didn’t know you had a brother,” I said. 

Pamela took out her phone that was crammed into her pocket and dialed a number. 
“Juan? Hi. What are you doing? Can you meet for coffee? Is four ok?” She looked at me. I nodded. 
“Ok, see you at four, then,” she repeated into the phone.  

WE HEADED TOWARDS THE CITY CENTER. We reached a café located in busy street and sat down in the sidewalk café at a table covered with impeccable white tablecloth.
Juan came on time. He was a skinny man with jerky movements and restless eyes. He shook my hand and I was afraid that, because of those jerky gestures, our hands were going to miss each other. 
We ordered our coffees. Pamela lit a cigarette, and a moment later, so did I. Juan didn’t smoke; he just watched us with his restless eyes. There was a moment of silence, finally broken by Juan. 
“Did you finish your painting?”
“I think so,” said Pamela with a hint of a smile in her eyes. 
“That’s good,” he replied. “Because, you know,” he said, turning to me, “my sister has been working on one painting for a year. Now, my dear,” he addressed Pamela again, “you can start another one, and work on it for at least two years.” The sparkle in Pamela’s eyes dimmed. She fixed her eyes on the table and looked unhappy again. 
“What do you do?” I asked Juan. 
“And you?” He answered with a question. “Are you a painter too?”
“Yes…” I answered, expecting some kind of nappy retort, but it didn’t come. 
“I’m a doctor,” he answered in a serious tone, and clearly that tone was supposed to be the retort. “I treat people. I do something useful.” Pamela found a speck of dirt and was toying with it. I don’t know why she wanted to meet Juan, if their relationship was obviously far from warm. Maybe she wanted to show him that she’s not useless and that she has her life together.  
“I have a date with Carla,” Juan continued. “She’ll be here in a moment; then we’re going to lunch.” 
“That’s great!” Pamela exclaimed. We smoked again. 
“You artists do smoke a lot,” laughed Juan. 
Soon, Carla arrived. She was a beanpole thin brunette. She said hello to Juan, to me, and completely ignored Pamela. Apparently, she wasn’t interested in useless people who didn’t control the world. 

Carla had a smile plastered to her face and I had the impression that she had more teeth than was natural. There was something predatory about her, especially the sharp stare of her black eyes. She chattered constantly. I felt the rising urge to stand up, punch Juan in his superior face, drag Carla to the bathroom, force her head into the toilet and flush. But I resisted. 
Soon, Juan and Carla made hasty goodbyes – Carla even acknowledging Pamela, at last, and saying goodbye to her as well. Yes, this was a nice gesture. 
 “She doesn’t like cigarettes,” Pamela said quietly. She was looking like a wreck again. 
“Let’s get out of this place,” I suggested, “I don’t like this café.”
“Let’s go to the port,” said Pamela.  

WHEN WE REACHED THE PORT, we took a stroll along the quay and headed towards a narrow beach. We sat down on a low wall that separated the beach from the boulevard. We sat in silence for a moment, breathing in the various scents carried by the warm wind: we could smell the mixed aroma of sea salt, fish, distant ships and mysterious, exotic places. I’m sure it was smells like these that inspired Columbus’ expedition.  
In the distance, a group of children were playing football on the sunny beach. They were making so much noise you could think it was a World Cup level game. I watched them and I knew that this is the first and the last time I’m seeing this scene. For these children, it didn’t matter. They thought they’ll always be able to meet and play again. 
“You know, I wouldn’t want to live in a regular city,” said Pamela all of a sudden. 
“What do you mean?”  
“I mean a city without a port; without the sea.” 
“Why?”
“I feel free here. I feel that I can sail away whenever I like.” 
Suddenly, she laid her hand on my shoulder. 
“Take my painting,” she said. 
“What do you mean?”
“Just take it. Not to the exhibition. For yourself.” 
“Why?”
“Your beloved is in it. You have her in reality and in the painting, and I don’t have love anywhere. You know, when love, true love, disappears from your life, then you’ve lost everything. I lost everything I loved. Veronica, my sister… It’s a shame you didn’t meet either of them. You met my brother instead, but he’s ashamed of me, so we don’t get along.” 
“I’m sure he’s not ashamed of you.” 
“Don’t say such stupid things just to comfort me. I know I’m nobody to him. When I die, he’ll probably say “she had it coming.” Do you know that he didn’t even want to see that painting? He just doesn’t care.”
“Really?”
“Really.” 
“I can’t take your painting.”
“You can,” she smiled, “I created it and I’m giving it to you, so it’s yours. But there is one condition.”
“What is it?”
 “She really looks like your wife?”
“Yes.”
“The condition is that you’re good and compassionate towards her. Women are a bit like children – they have to be; otherwise, how would they find a common language with them?”
“All right, I promise… What are you going to do without the painting, though?”
“I’ll probably start working on the next one… On the other hand, I don’t know what’s the point,” she shrugged. “You paint to say something, and I already said everything. Keep looking for love,” she put her hand on my shoulder again. 
“I don’t understand.” 
“People think that once they find love, it’s the end of hard work. Mission complete. But it’s not true. You have to constantly, every day, look for love anew, ideally in the same person. Otherwise, you might wake up one day and discover that your love is gone, and instead, there’s a stranger lying in bed next to you.” 
“You’re saying wise things.” 
“I’m not sure if that’s good,” she sighed. 
“Why?”
“People don’t want to listen to wise words; they call you a freak if you say things like that.” 
“You know what, I don’t know who I am,” I blurted out; I wanted to share a secret with her. 
“Don’t worry, I don’t know who I am, either,” she answered seriously. “I did, once, but now I just don’t,” she spread out her arms in a helpless gesture. “Do we have any cigarettes left?”
“We do.” 
“Let’s smoke.” 
“I’m serious. I can’t remember who I am and what’s going on in my life.” 
“How did you know about me, then?”
“I found a note in my planner.” 
“That’s neat: everyone tells you something about you. I wish I could forget that I’m alone and I have nobody. I’m sorry – I have a dog. Arnold would be upset if he heard me now,” she said and laughed quietly. 
“What can you say about me?”
“I think that now that you lost your memory, you’re more open; after all, you’re re-learning yourself.” 
“And before?”
“Before, we mostly talked about art. You were more introverted. Sometimes I had the impression that you know everything better, like my brother.” 
“Like Juan? That’s not nice,” I said with mock offence.  
“Oh, come on, he’s not so bad. He was just showing off.” 
“You’re a perfect sister.” 
“Thank you. What time is your flight tomorrow?”
“Eleven.” 
“In the morning?”
“Yes.” 
“Do you feel like going for a walk?”
“Yes. Will you be my guide?”
“Ok, but I won’t say anything. I’ll lead you through the streets I like. Maybe you’ll like them, too. I’ll also show you the streets that my sister was fond of,” she sighed. “I’m so lonely in this world. People are made to look for love, not to lose it.” 
We stood up and started walking towards the city. There was a faint breeze wafting from the sea. 
Pamela took my hand and rested her head on my shoulder, and we walked through the city. Evening was slowly falling. We walked past restaurants being opened and shops being closed. Buzzing scooters rode past us. On the balconies, people were hanging out new batches of clothes to dry. Pamela led me through her streets. She said nothing, but she was, at the same time, giving me a real, silent, guided tour.  
 
I WOKE UP AT NINE on the great couch with the floral pattern. It was a rickety, soft couch that sank into and it was really hard not to sleep in. 
I took a walk across the flat, but Pamela was nowhere to be seen. Arnold was lying in his armchair, a collar on his neck, and followed me with his eyes. On the kitchen table, I found a letter written with a copying pencil on a couple of napkins. I started to read. 

Dear Friend,

I hope you do not mind me addressing you in this way; after our conversations and confessions, I feel that you are one to me. 
Thank you for the time that I could spend with you; I feel lonely here. I’ve been busy with painting, you know how it is. 
I often lie in my bath and think about how it would be to stop living, breathing, and never think of anything again. I keep wondering about what can be on the other side. I think we become energy that runs across the universe. More and more often, I feel the need to become that energy. 
You found something very precious in my painting; that’s why I am giving it to you. Your love is in this painting, and there is nothing more precious in the world. Look after it and appreciate it, so that it stays with you. Love is like a butterfly; it can die very quickly, or escape, or shed its wings and turn into a nasty worm, so we need to cherish it.

I don’t like goodbyes, so I decided to take a walk. Maybe that’s better that I left, because you will be taking my child, my painting, away with you. We need to share with others; I am sharing the most important thing I have with you. I actually feel that this painting is the only thing I have. 

You asked yesterday what I’m going to do after I finish the painting. I don’t really know anymore. I think this painting was what held me here and made me open my eyes and get up in the morning to paint. And now, it’s finished.  

Thank you for these moments we spent together; I really needed someone to listen to me, someone for who I wasn’t a weird, worthless person. It’s sometimes hard to be misunderstood in this world, where money and people who have them are the most important. I can’t do it, so I will probably never be someone important.  

That’s why I am thanking you for sacrificing some of your time for such an unimportant person. I hope this wasn’t only because you liked that painting and you wanted to have it. That would make me sad. 

I have a final request to you: please, take care of my dog. I prepared a collar and a leash for him. You probably understand that I will never return to this flat, so please, look after Arnold. 

You can take whatever you like, paints, anything you want. Forgive me for leaving a strange letter on napkins. It was going to be a short note, but it grew. That always happens when you write on small pieces of paper. A large sheet intimidates, it’s such a huge white space. On smaller slips, words just flow. 

You can correct all the spelling mistakes I’ve made. I’m sorry, I’m a bit distracted. I wish you hapine – oh, see, here we go again. I wish you happiness. Be good for my dog; he’s been a great companion to me, maybe you two could be friends as well. Or maybe find him a nice home with a garden where he can run and stop breathing the paint fumes. But please, don’t change his name, he’s not young anymore and it could upset him. Remember, somewhere deep down, he’s good, as we all are. 

Don’t worry about me. Women are stronger than men – on the other hand, we are also weak. That’s a paradox. But if we must, we will endure great pain and we’ll manage to lift a bus. I’m serious.  

Listen to your heart, not to other people’s advice. Remember, nobody can tell you who you are, because you are someone else for everyone. You have to find yourself on your own. You have all the answers. We all write our tale every day. I wish you that your tale is wonderful, honest, and free from falsehood. 

								Your friend Pamela


I leaned against the kitchen counter, feeling overwhelmed. There was a single cigarette lying on the counter; next to it, there was a napkin note saying, a cigarette for you; you’ll probably want one, with a smiley face drawn below. 
I took the cigarette and lit it. Arnold was lying motionlessly in his armchair. His canine instincts were telling him that something happened. He was watching me, knowing that the life he knew was over. Hiding and pooping on the balcony – it was all over. 
I smoked the cigarette and felt terrible. I just wrote in my notebook that death would be relief for Pamela, and it came true. Maybe Caroline was right and that notebook was really The Little Akashic Records and it had the power of granting wishes? Anyway, I felt bad because of what I wrote. Maybe if I didn’t write those words about death, Pamela would be here now, smoking with me? 

The worst thing about this was that she left the painting, which was all she had, and disappeared. I really felt bad; I felt I was being egoistical. Then, I remembered that everything that I had written down in the notebook, came true. I didn’t get my memory back, but I didn’t write about that, either. 
I took out The Little Akashic Records and wrote that I want Pamela to be happy and safe; that I want her to find happiness and that I want to see her again. I also wrote that I want to regain my memory. Then I closed the notebook and finished the cigarette. 

Finally, I looked around the flat. Everything was just like she left it. It was her world and it just stopped existing. And I was about to take the painting, the most important part of it. 


In Part Two, you will watch how Paul Ellof gets his memory back, how Hugo finally understands everything and how beautiful Cassandra reveals all the things she had been hiding.
Tabby the cat will, of course, also make a reappearance.
You don’t want to miss the exciting adventures, plot twists and the unexpected reveals of the second part of The Gate of Sheol! Order now at:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/527298
