Within Eyeshot
a Mitch Morgan novel
Mark A. Davis

Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Mark A. Davis

Smashwords Edition License Note: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
About the Author
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Acknowledgements
Connect with the Author
Hope’s Diamond, Chapter 1
About the Author
For over twenty-five years, Mark A. Davis has worked in risk management and claims investigation. He currently serves as Director of Claims at an international insurance broker, where his work requires frequent review of various claims, including those involving fraud, and in-depth consultation with companies seeking to reduce the costs of those claims. For more information about Mark, check out his Smashwords interview on his profile page.

Within Eyeshot is his first novel and the first in the Mitch Morgan series. The second novel, Hope’s Diamond, is forthcoming on Smashwords and scheduled for completion in 2015. For a sneak peak, read the first chapter of Hope’s Diamond at the end of this novel.
Chapter 1
I pushed open the large glass door that read Callahan Investigative Agency and walked up to the empty reception desk. I looked down the hall to the left, then right. There was no one in sight, so I picked up a 2009 copy of The Private Investigator and settled into a reception area chair to wait.
After ten minutes had passed, I was on the second page of the article and wondered if I was there at the wrong time or date.
“Mitch?”
I looked up to see a tall, dark-haired man walking toward me, carrying a manila folder.
“Yes sir,” I replied. I put the magazine on the table and pushed myself up from the chair.
“Rich Callahan,” he said, as he extended his right hand. “Sorry I’m late. Got stuck on a call.”
“Not a problem, Mr. Callahan,” I said, reaching for his hand.
“Call me Rich.”
He pointed toward an open office door that was to the left of the reception desk. “Let’s go in to my office.”
I walked ahead of him through the door and stood next to one of the chairs in front of his desk.
“You get moved in?” he asked, as he walked around his desk and took a spot between his chair and desk.
“Yeah, I’m in a hotel and have a P.O. Box for now. It’ll do until I have time to search for something more permanent.”
“I hate living in hotels. Had to do that when I first got here. Have a seat,” he said, pointing to the chair.
I sat. He plopped a manila folder down in front of him, then sat down in his chair, not taking his eyes off the folder.
He picked up two pages of very neat handwritten notes and scanned down each page.
“I read your résumé and made a few calls,” he said. “You have the basic skills, but I do have a few questions.”
“I appreciate the call. It’s hard to find a job in a new town,” I said.
I hadn’t had to interview since I graduated college. I was anxious about this one and fought the urge to shift in my seat or exhibit any other physical signs that would give that away. I had studied interrogation techniques. Knowing those signs, and working not to show them, made it worse.
“So,” Rich said, flipping back to my résumé. “Mitch Morgan.”
“Yes sir,” I said, acknowledging my name, anticipating the next question.
“You have any relatives in this area?” he asked.
“No sir.”
“The Morgans were one of the first families to settle here. Must be a thousand Morgans in this county.”
I nodded in agreement, assuming he was right.
He studied the papers in the file, and I studied him. Rich was tall and thin, but muscular. He was about an inch taller, 15 pounds heavier, and at 44 years old, nine years older than me.
I noticed his snakeskin cowboy boots when he walked up to me in the reception area. He topped that off with jeans, a white button-down shirt, and a dark blue coat. His dark salt-and-pepper hair was neatly combed from front to back, exposing his slightly receding hairline. He had the sun-tanned complexion of a man who enjoyed being outside more than inside. He took care of himself and looked like he could take care of himself, both essential in this business.
I had read up on Rich and his company before applying. He was a transplant from Cleveland. He left a high-level vice president job after 15 years at the same company. I couldn’t find any information on why he left, but he had been in Texas about three years.
He was a shirt and tie guy, in his previous life, but appeared better suited for cowboy boots and jeans—a look I felt was more learned than natural.
“So, you came here from Kansas City.”
“Yes sir.”
“You were in security for a large construction company and had been there since you got out of college. How’d you like it?”
“Liked it fine,” I said.
“Why’d you leave?”
I thought it best to be brief. “Company fell on hard times when the economy tanked and finally went under. The whole area hit the skids, so I took what I had and moved to a better climate.”
“Makes sense,” he said.
He flipped to the next page. I noticed a background investigation report as he flipped through the file, which is standard procedure and a state requirement to obtain a private investigator’s license.
He stopped and slowly drummed the top of his desk with the fingers on his right hand. I felt an ache in my gut when I saw my former employer’s name and a red line connecting it to handwritten words I couldn’t read.
“Tell me a little more about your investigative work at KCC.” He paused and ran his finger down the page. “Kansas City Construction, Michael Shaw, owner. Tell me about that.”
“I was the vice president of security, which mostly involved construction sites, but also involved internal security and investigation. I went on surveillance about six times a year, mostly to job sites, sometimes to a residence or other locations. I filmed, or otherwise documented activities on our suspect, then used it to resolve our problem. If the problem couldn’t be resolved internally, we would get the authorities involved, but only as a last resort.”
“What did you investigate exactly?” he asked.
“Over the past year, I spent the majority of my time investigating theft of equipment and material. When unemployment went up, so did equipment theft. It was easy to move, so it was an ideal target. I worked with witnesses and informants, until I got a lead on the location of our equipment.”
“And what did you do, once it was located?” he asked.
“I usually confronted the suspect and persuaded him to return it.”
“And if he refused?”
“We would find an opportune time and take it back, or if the situation warranted, get the authorities involved.”
“That could get a little rough.”
“Sometimes, but we were always sure not to be outnumbered.”
“What other kind of activity did you pursue?” he asked.
“I conducted surveillance on several workers compensation claims, where I documented our employee’s physical capabilities and provided that information to our insurance company adjuster, to use in defending the claim. Comp’s a little different, so we had to be careful about how information was obtained and how it was presented,” I said.
“Texas comp’s the same way. It’s hard to win these days,” he said.
I could tell from his questions that he wasn’t just looking for someone—he was looking for something in someone. My rugged good looks and one job reference weren’t going to be enough to get the job.
He continued to scan the pages in the folder. “You mentioned internal investigations. Tell me about that.”
“Most recently, a couple of terminated employees thought they would feather their nests by embezzling a few thousand dollars on the way out the door. We conducted an in-depth forensic investigation to determine how they embezzled the funds and where the money was stashed. The entire investigation took about three months,” I said.
“Uh-huh.”
He continued to read. I sat in silence awaiting his next question.
“Did you catch them?” he asked.
“Which ones?”
“Any of them.”
“Yes sir. All of them.”
“Impressive,” he said, as he looked up at me without moving his head and raised one eyebrow, the way guys do when they don’t exactly believe all of what they just heard. He picked up the folder and leaned back in his chair. I shifted in my chair in anticipation.
There wasn’t much more to tell. I graduated college with a degree in criminology and went to work for KCC a month later. I worked my way to the top of security within five years and stayed there another eight. Then I went all in, moved to Texas, and was sitting in front of his desk, looking for my second job.
“I think you’ll do,” he said.
“Glad to hear it.”
I let out a silent sigh of relief. He had not asked any questions about my physical well-being. Possibly, Mike had not disclosed that information.
“I usually want a couple of years of solid investigative experience, but I’m going a different direction this time. I had a couple of guys with that experience. They had some good habits, some bad. I am tired of breaking bad habits. Hopefully, you don’t have any.”
He stared me down. I met his gaze. Let’s not open up that can of worms on the first day, I thought. I put on a poker face and nodded my head in agreement.
“You ever testify in depositions or at trial?” he asked.
“A few times,” I said.
“That’s good experience, but you won’t need it here. I have a couple of strict rules. Our main objective is to stay out of the courtroom. That’s rule number one with me. Don’t forget it, don’t violate it, and you’ll do fine. Everything else we do supports rule number one.”
“Rule one, stay out of court,” I said.
“If we provide the right evidence to our clients, there’s no need for them to be in court, and no need for us to be there testifying. It saves our clients time and money and brings us more business.”
He leaned forward in his chair, reached into his top desk drawer, pulled out a pack of Nicorette gum, pushed a piece out of the plastic bubble, and popped in into this mouth. He chewed, working it down to a manageable size that would allow him to chew and talk. He continued to scan the pages in the folder.
I took that opportunity to survey his office and gather more intel about his personality. It was smartly decorated. Photos of Rich and other local business leaders lined the wall to my right. The wall-to-wall bookshelves, on the opposite side, held the standard investigation technique titles, a few classic novels and other fiction titles, as well as several reference books on various topics.
A good investigator has a little knowledge about a lot of subjects, which is sometimes just enough to know where to find more.
The top shelf held two recent softball trophies and some not-so-recent bowling trophies. Several achievement awards spanned the remainder of the top shelf.
Family photos and a large painting were neatly displayed on the wall behind his desk. Underneath those was a credenza with the standard in-and-out box on one corner and file folders stacked on the other.
I was unable to determine if the remaining décor displayed specific interests, keepsakes from past investigations, or if it was just décor.
“We are investigators, not witnesses,” he said, after chewing his Nicorette down to size. “Our place is in the field, obtaining evidence for our clients, because our clients are suspicious of the target.”
“Target?” I said.
“That’s what we call the person we’re assigned to watch,” he said. “And remember, they are not all liars and cheats, and we don’t paint them that way. We provide objective evidence, which means we turn over all the evidence we collect, and leave it up to the client to decide what to do with it. Be objective. Call that rule two if you want, but remember it.”
“Yes sir,” I said. I had always called them suspects, because I suspected they were up to something. Target sounded like I was taking aim, but it worked for me.
“Let’s go out front.”
He stood and walked around his desk toward the door. I got up and followed.
“We handle just about any type of surveillance, or private investigation, not just injury cases,” he said over his shoulder as we walked. “I built this company investigating work comp claims, but I had to branch out to grow the company and provide full service. Not sure exactly where I’ll start you out. We’ll try a couple of different areas, see where you excel, and rely on your background after that.”
We came to the reception desk, which was occupied by that time. Rich made an abrupt stop, causing me to do the same. I stopped just short of rear-ending him.
“Mitch Morgan, meet Cassandra Moreno. She’s our office receptionist, customer service rep, multi-lingual interpreter, computer whiz, and bouncer.”
Cassandra rose slowly from her chair. She stood six inches shorter than me, and had a slender build, but not like those bone-thin celebrities who live on lettuce and water. Her lips were full and covered with a color of red that complemented her complexion. Her makeup was perfectly blended, which made me question whether she had on any at all. She had dark-brown eyes that matched her hair. She was outfitted in a blue, belted long-sleeve sweater dress that stopped just below her thighs, black hose, and black boots that stopped just below the knee. She appeared to be in her mid-30s.
“Well, hello,” I said, as I stuck my hand over the reception desk.
I tried not to ogle but didn’t cover it very well. Her glare told me she had seen that look before. I stared into her eyes.
Rich laughed. “Don’t let her looks fool you. She has a right hook that could stop a dump truck.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Rich rub the left side of his chin, which made me wonder if he had tested that punch out of curiosity or had it delivered to him out of necessity.
“Is that personal knowledge or rumor?” I asked, not taking my eyes off Cassandra.
They both let that question go by. I made a mental note for future reference.
“It’s Cassie,” she said, as she extended her right hand to rescue mine, which was still hanging in mid-air.
I detected a slight accent, which I later learned came from her Brazilian mother.
We shook hands. I took my eyes off hers and took a quick glance at her left hand. She was not sporting a ring but did have a faint hint of a tan line on her ring finger, suggesting she was recently divorced or had recently removed a long-worn ring. She had a strong grip.
“Arm wrestler?” I asked.
She smiled, but did not reply.
Rich tugged at my coat. “Let’s go.”
“Yeah,” I said, as I let go of her hand.
She smiled and sat back down. I paused, then followed Rich.


Chapter 2
We walked into a room containing about a dozen work cubes. We continued through the cubes to the back of the room, where Rich stopped and pointed to a cube that was about ten feet by five feet. It was equipped with a computer, a phone, and a recording device that all looked new. A tape dispenser, a stapler, and a red plastic cup full of pens and pencils lay next to the phone. An orthopedic chair was pushed underneath the desk. It looked as though it had just been taken out of the box.
“This is where you put your stuff,” Rich said. “I don’t expect to see you in this office or in that chair, except to pick up assignments, transfer video, drop off dictation, or complete some other office-related task that can’t be done from the field. I make money when you’re in your vehicle behind a camera, not in that chair, and certainly not hanging out at the reception desk.”
He paused, and took a breath, as he continued to chew the Nicorette. “I’ll give you the best equipment money can buy. Don’t waste my investment.”
I nodded. I had seen all this before, just in another format, so I felt I would catch on with no problem.
“This was Skip Jackson’s cube,” he said.
He took a wide sidestep to the next cube on his left. “See that,” he said, tilting his head toward the inside of the cube.
I peeked over the wall.
“That chair belonged to Skip. Notice how the seat is flat and leans to one side?”
It looked like a Volkswagen with a pair of bad shocks. It listed hard to the right.
“Yeah,” I said.
“That’s ‘cause Skip was a little overweight, and when he sat, he leaned on the chair arm with his right elbow. The frame sags on that side, because he had his fat butt parked in that chair too many hours in a day.”
Rule three, stay out of the chair.
“Skip made it to the top as fast as anyone who ever worked here, then he got lazy and fell just as fast. One day he decided he needed to ‘find himself.’ I agreed and told him to find himself somewhere else.”
I nodded. His voice was casual but a little excited. He didn’t expect a repeat of Skip’s performance.
Rich turned back to my cube and pointed at the desk. “There’s the in-box and out-box. You transfer your video on that computer or email it from your vehicle. I can’t explain the tape and stapler, since all of our files are electronic, but there they are if you need them.”
He paused, gave me a quick look up and down, and slowly shook his head in an affirmative manner. 
“You seem to have the smarts to do the job, and you look like you can handle yourself,” he said.
Right on both counts.
 “You know what the job pays. It’s yours if you want it.”
I hesitated, but only for a few seconds. I didn’t want to seem eager. “I do. Thanks,” I said.
I wasn’t desperate for a job, but I had always sized up situations quickly, made a decision, and went with it. It had worked for me in the past and would work here. I had studied Rich’s operation before I got to the interview and liked what I saw. I liked it even more after the interview and wasn’t going to waste time quibbling over salary or looking for something better.
“You are required to complete the state training courses and pass a test. That takes a week or so. Other than that, you won’t get much training from me. I’ll team you with a couple of investigators at first, but that won’t last more than a few weeks. Training can only take you so far. You’ll have to figure it out as you go, and do it quickly,” he said.
That was fine with me. I had a short attention span and a low threshold for boredom, so the shorter the training, the better.
 “Your wits and your gut are your best tools,” he said. “If you don’t have either of those instincts, you won’t make it here. It’s a first for me to hire someone with such little experience. You’re my test case, so don’t let me down.”
“I won’t.”
He started walking again, and I walked alongside him. We were both tall, and had long strides, so we made our way through the cubes very quickly.
“My wife should be along—”
As if telepathically summoned, a woman appeared in front of us, causing us both to stop so abruptly that we rocked forward on our toes to keep from walking right over the top of her.
“Hi, y’all,” she said, in a honey-dipped southern accent.
We backed up a couple of feet so we weren’t looking straight down at her.
“Mitch Morgan, meet my wife, Stell, which is short for Stella, which is short for Estella. She is originally from the deep-south, specifically Atlanta, in case you missed the accent.”
Stell was as short as Rich was tall. She would have to stand on a bar stool to look Rich in the eye. She was thin but very fit.
Her small toned frame was outfitted in Spandex shorts and a T-shirt. She had short blonde hair that was pulled into a ponytail and stuck out through the hole in the back of a sun-faded Dallas Cowboys cap. She looked like she had just jogged to work.
“Good to meet you, Mrs. Callahan,” I said, reaching down to shake her hand.
“You too, and call me Stell or Stella. We’re not big on formalities here,” she said, as she reached up to meet my hand.
“Rich told me a little about you,” she said. “You’re from Kansas City and were head of security at a large construction company, I think. What brought you all the way down here?”
“Business for the company was slow, so security was slow. They both went from slow to non-existent, so I thought I would get out of the cold and try another line of work,” I said.
“Have you and Rich come to an agreement?” she asked, looking at me, then Rich.
I hesitated, thinking that was a question Rich should answer.
“We have,” said Rich. “He starts as soon as we get through the mound of new-hire paperwork, and I get him licensed.”
“Well, we’re glad to have you here. I’m sure you’ll do well,” she said.
“Thank you. It’s good to be here,” I replied.
“Rich, honey, I put a bagel on your desk,” she said, looking up at Rich. “Don’t forget to eat.” She turned and walked toward the reception desk.
“Got it. Thanks, babe,” he replied, as we started to walk again.
“Where did I leave off,” he said, turning to me. “Oh, yeah. That bastard, Skip.”
Stell stopped in her tracks, made an about-face, and glared at Rich. His face turned red and his mouth fell open. He sighed, dropped his head, and walked past Stell, to the reception desk. He dug into his right inside coat pocket, pulled out a money clip, flipped it open, and began to thumb the stack of bills. He peeled off a five-dollar bill and dropped it over the top level of the reception desk. Cassie smiled and looked around Rich, over to Stell, who smiled back. Rich stuffed his wallet back into his jacket pocket and walked back toward me.
“Keep working at it,” Stell said. “You’ll get there. I gotta run. Good to meet you, Mitch. Hope you enjoy it here.” And as quickly as she came, she was gone.
By then, Rich was standing next to me, staring at the spot where Stell last stood. I stood in silence, puzzled at what had just happened.
“Ever been married, Mitch?” he asked, still staring at that spot.
“Once,” I replied.
“Then you know the drill. You pick your battles but lose most of them. She’s probably right on this one, so I don’t put up a fight.”
I looked at him. My curiosity was palpable.
He pointed toward the reception desk. “See that big jar over there?”
All I saw was a reception desk and Cassie, until she smiled, and lifted a huge jar that appeared to once hold those large deli-pickles. She spun it about a half turn. On the side was a label that read “Cuss Jar.”
“If you cuss, throw five bucks in there. We’re on the honor system, so if you don’t report yourself, and someone else does, it cost you ten.”
I stared at the cuss jar, as Rich continued.
“It’s Stell’s idea. She’s very religious. I am a little, but not as much. She thinks cussin’ makes me sound crude and unprofessional, so I get a few hells and damns, but that’s it. Says it teaches me a lesson when I have to pay. I have to match whatever’s in there, and I ain’t made of money, so watch your mouth,” he said.
“That’s an expensive lesson,” I said, as I tried not to laugh, but failed.
“At the end of the month, I empty the jar and take us all to dinner, so it all works out I guess. But don’t cuss just for the free meal. I already busted a couple of guys on that plot.”
“Got it,” I said, as I tried to wipe the smile from my face.
He paused and took a breath, still staring at the cuss jar and chewing even harder on the Nicorette.
He turned his attention back to the business at hand. “All the guys are out in the field where they’re supposed to be. You’ll go out with one of the other investigators, after you finish the classes and pass your test, and after a few days of orientation. We start about any time, day or night, depending on the target. Some days are long, some not so much. We may check as many as three targets in a day. Some days we check one, some none, but I’ll keep you busy.”
We began to walk again, going past the reception desk and Rich’s office. He turned through the next doorway. “Have a seat in there,” he said, as he pointed toward the chairs in small break room.
“I’ll have Cassie bring a big stack of shi…” He caught himself, inhaled a lung full of air, then continued. “Bring a stack of papers for you to sign.”
He turned toward the door and reached into his coat pocket, as he walked. “Anybody got change for a twenty?” he yelled, as he left the room.
I sat, then surveyed the room. It was a standard break room, complete with a Coca-Cola vending machine, a machine with assorted candies, and a sandwich machine. Two lighted items on the Coke machine flickered SOLD OUT. They weren’t my flavor anyway.
Next to that were kitchen cabinets and a long countertop that ended at a double sink with a dipping faucet that kept a steady cadence as it struck the stainless steel bottom of the sink.
I stared out the window, thinking about everything Rich had told me. It made me a little nervous, but I was up to it.
When that rodent, somewhere in Pennsylvania, poked his snout out of a hole and told me I had six more weeks of Kansas City winter weather, that was all the incentive I needed to head south. Luckily, I’d found a job doing something I liked.
My experience was limited, but it was enough to build on. I knew the basics and had profiled, followed, and filmed about every type of deadbeat, heard every kind of lie, fought every size tough guy, and tossed every kind of drunk and drug addict off the job site that I could stand. I was a very good judge of character, or lack thereof, and had good instincts, which is what I had sold to Rich to get the interview. Truth be told, there was more to the story, but I would get to that once I got established and proved myself.
“Here we are,” Cassie said.
She dropped a stack of papers on the table and dropped herself in the chair next to me.
The unbelievable scent of her perfume caught up with her before she pulled out the first page. It was a very faint, flowery scent that could only be smelled up close. I guessed that was by design. Either way, it was very arousing. I slowly but quietly inhaled the aroma before turning my attention to the paperwork.
Cassie took one pen in hand, handed me the other one, and began to explain.


Chapter 3
That first meeting with Rich, Stell, and Cassie seems like so many years ago, when in fact, it has only been a year and a few months. March 2, 2009, to be exact.
It seems impossible that everything happened in such a short period of time and that I am now sitting in a courtroom, awaiting sentencing—yet it did, and here I sit.
I look at my watch. It’s 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 8, 2010. The second Tuesday of the month and the third full day that I have sat in this courtroom watching nothing happen. The boredom is mind-numbing.
This hearing was actually scheduled for two weeks ago, but it has been continually postponed due to the attorneys’ never-ending filing of motions and arguments over one document or another. I provided a detailed statement, and the judge has it, so there is very little left to argue, as I see it.
Despite the constant distraction of the hearing, I can’t get Rich’s voice out of my head. Don’t break rule number one. I didn’t just break rule one, I obliterated it.
I look over my right shoulder at Rich, just as he glances my way. I’ve tried to read his face over the past few weeks, but I can’t tell if he is more hurt than mad, or vice versa. For all my antics, snappy comebacks, and wise cracking, this has certainly been a humbling experience.
In hindsight, I don’t know what I could have done to avoid it. I weighed my options, and searched for another way, but this is the only way—the right way. For that, I’ve been parked in this same chair, at this same table, on and off, for the past two weeks, staring at the bench of a judge I have yet to see. I have seen a substitute judge, who fills in on preliminary motions and arguments, as each side jockeys for position, in preparation for my day of reckoning. If I hear Motion in Limine one more time, I’m going puke, but that seems to be our best defense, for reasons unbeknownst to me. I did what I had to do, but unfortunately that brought the Cross Creek legal system down on me, which landed on Rich as well.
This is supposed to be “the day,” according to my attorney, evidenced by the fact that more of the Callahan staff are here than have been over the past few days, taking up a couple of rows behind the banister, on the right side behind the prosecutor’s table.
I survey the courtroom to kill time and occupy my mind. I look down at the table, and wonder who “JRD” is and what possessed him to carve his initials here. Or maybe it was a her.
The courtroom is small and stuffy. It looks like something out of Mayberry, but a bit larger. The lawyers mill around between the table where I sit, the prosecutor’s table, and the judge’s bench. There’s little room for a private conversation.
Behind me is the gallery, which holds about 40 onlookers, who sit on benches that look like old pews donated by the church.
I notice a small sign near an exit that reads “Maximum Capacity: 80.” Added to the gallery are the lawyers, their staff, a jury, the court’s staff, and the judge, if he ever gets here. That would about fill it to capacity.
The lawyers are standing in front of the judge’s bench, just out of earshot. I can hear their whispers but not their words as they argue over some legal-technical point on what appears to be a very important piece of paper in the hand of my lawyer, Jackson Jacobs.
Jackson is leading the conversation, staring at the prosecutor, while pointing at the paper with the index finger of his free hand.
To hear him tell it, he grew up in Cross Creek, went away to law school, came back, and took over his daddy’s practice. Pillar of the community, he is. He’s thin and looks to be around 40, stands with perfect posture at about five foot ten or so, and has that that “lawyer look” from head to toe: black suit, black shoes shined within an inch of their lives, short, well-groomed hair, and what I’m sure are the day’s most popular style of eyeglasses. I personally wouldn’t be caught dead in them, but it works for him.
He tops all that off with a dark pink shirt and a tie that’s colored in a shade I’ve never seen before.
He’s a stickler for punctuality and has admonished me at least twice for being late. That’s “his” late, not the court’s late. Always arrive fifteen minutes before time.” If I’d heard it once, I’d heard it a hundred times. We were ordered to be in court today at 10 a.m. He was here at 9:45, and up front arguing at 10:01.
Jackson walks over to the table where I sit and searches through a stack of papers in his briefcase.
“We have a problem,” he says.
“We’ve had a problem,” I reply. “How many days can the judge drag me in here without showing up?”
“It’s complicated,” he says.
He always tells me it’s complicated when he doesn’t want to go into the details right then.
“I can’t get a concession from the prosecutor on these two charges,” he says, pointing to the document in his hand. “I have to get that, or this is not going to turn out well.”
“This was supposed to be a sentencing hearing, not a trial. The judge can’t look at the statute or precedent and sentence me? How hard is that?” I say.
“It’s not that simple. You wrote a confession and all but handed it to the prosecutor, but you wrote that before you were officially arrested and before you were read your rights. I can still get that tossed, and we can try this.”
“We’ve been over that. I did it, I’ve admitted to it, and that’s it. I don’t like it, but I resolved that with myself months ago. I’m not going back on it.”
“If that’s the way it’s going to be,” he says.
“It is,” I reply.
“You do understand that if you rescind your statement, I can probably plead this down to nothing?”
“I do.”
“You understand that if you refuse to do that, my only bargaining chip is the mitigating circumstances, which are substantial and do scare the prosecutor somewhat, but not enough to persuade him to roll over on the charges?”
“I do.”
“And even if I get him to agree on your punishment, the judge does not have to abide by that agreement.”
“I do.” I feel like I just got married to Jackson. Mr. Mitch Jacobs—it has a lousy ring to it.
“Okay. I don’t want you screaming at me if you end up in jail.”
He stares at me, probably to ensure I understand and to protect himself from a malpractice charge if I get tossed in the slammer. We’ve had this discussion every day for the past three days. Nothing has changed, but he’s not one to give up.
“Okay. Sit tight, while I work this out.”
Sit tight. I’ve been sitting tight for the past three days, and many other days before that. If I sit any tighter, I’ll turn into a human knot. So tight I sit, busying myself observing the cast of characters that come in and out of the courtroom each day.
Jackson finally finds whatever he’s looking for and motions to the prosecutor. They both return to the front of the courtroom to resume their discussion.
I go back to observing the court staff, who look slightly less bored than I am.
I’ve been intrigued by the court stenographer since the first day of court. She can busy herself with more self-care activities than anyone I’ve ever seen. I can only assume she’s used to the delays and saves these tasks for these times.
She is slender and has slightly large red hair, wide brown eyes, and a little too much makeup. She appears to favor pastel, mid-thigh length skirts and a waist-length jacket, all color coordinated. It works for her, and despite being little loud, she does look professional.
She is positioned just to the right of the judge’s bench, where she sits up straight in an orthopedic-looking chair. Her small table is at a forty-five degree angle to the judge’s bench, which gives her a comfortable view of the judge and the witnesses.
I’ve watched her polish, file, buff, and make-up every part of the body possible without risk of arrest. Now she has a compact mirror in front of her left eye as she draws on her lips, which are plenty red enough already, and only slightly darker than her hair.
After drawing a wide line across the top lip and one in the opposite direction across the bottom lip, she snaps the compact closed, puts the lid on the lipstick, and drops them both into her purse. In the same movement, she pulls out a tissue, and proceeds to blot her lips like women do after they put on lipstick. Then that too is dropped back into her purse.
She then grasps the outer sides of her short pink skirt, with both hands, and pushes toward her knees. From where I sit, the skirt didn’t move an inch, but I can see she has to work to be sure it at least stays where it is. If history is any indication, she will be working on some other body part within the hour.
The bailiff has his daily routine as well. He stands where he has stood every day since this all began, at the far end of the jury box, which is down the wall and to the right of the stenographer. He leans his left forearm on the jury box rail and has his right hand resting atop his service revolver, surveying every inch of the room and its occupants.
He’s a large man, who is carrying a few extra pounds around his mid-section, but is neatly dressed in a crisp khaki-colored uniform. He has broad shoulders and large biceps and looks like he could easily lift the table where I rest my elbows and toss it several yards with me on top of it. There will definitely be order in this courtroom.
The Great Seal of Cross Creek, Texas hangs on the wall behind the judge’s bench, reminding everyone exactly where they are.
As part of my training, I had to learn about Cross Creek, which is a town of about 45,000 residents, situated about 75 miles from Dallas. The residents consist mostly of the financially upper-middle class, with some wealthy residents mixed in, along with the financially mid- to lower class. The residents are hard-working, make their own way, and have a low tolerance for crime or disruption.
It’s safe and secure and the kind of place where one could be well-known or not really known at all, depending on personal preference.
Rich carved out his business investigating those who insist on fighting this culture by bilking some system, cheating on their mates, or doing some other activity that someone might want to covertly discover. It was an interesting study, and one that makes me more than a little nervous, since I am sitting in a courtroom, awaiting the judge that ensures the town remains this way.
I catch a glimpse of Rich’s son, Cameron, out of the corner of my right eye, as he moves down the row behind Rich, then stops, and leans over to talk to him.
Cameron, or Cam as he is called, is about twenty-four years old, born to Rich and his first wife when Rich was only twenty. He is not as tall, standing at five foot ten, with an average build. He’s a good-looking kid, with blond hair and blue eyes. He moved to Cross Creek not long before I did, to work with Rich and learn the business. They speak for less than a minute then Cam hurriedly leaves the courtroom.
I turn my attention back to the front of the courtroom. My forehead is wet with sweat. I dab it with a napkin that once sat beneath Jackson’s coffee cup. The more people that come in, the hotter it gets, and it was plenty hot to begin with.
The proceedings are moving slower than Rio Grande mud. I take a deep breath, lean back in my chair, and wait, thinking again about my first days at the agency.


Chapter 4
I recall my first assignment, which was a year ago this past April. The temperature that day was in the high 60s—perfect weather for working outside.
I attended the private investigator’s licensing class shortly after the interview, then spent a couple of weeks in the office as Cassie and Rich educated me on the system, case handling, and internal procedures.
I arrived at the office at about 5 p.m. that day to go into the field with one of the investigators.
Cassie was still at her desk. I had made small talk with her at every opportunity, as I wanted to get to know her better. It had been little more than a harmless flirtation. She participated, but I was not getting anywhere. She had told me more than once, “I don’t date co-employees,” and to stop wasting my time. But it was my time to waste, so I didn’t mind.
“Hi, gorgeous,” I said, as I walked through the door and up to her desk.
“Hello, Mr. Morgan. In so late? It’s quitting time for most of us,” she said, glancing up at me, then back down to her computer monitor.
“I’m just getting started,” I said, as I put my elbows on top of the reception desk and leaned toward her just a bit.
“Some people take the entire day to get started. I guess you are one of those,” she said.
“I do my best work after hours. Maybe you should join me,” I said.
“No thanks. I tend to do my best work during the day. After hours, I play.”
“That’s just—”
“Let’s go out here,” Rich said, as he walked behind me and slapped me on the upper side of my left arm, cutting short what would have been a great line. I turned to see him walking toward the back door.
“We’ll finish this later,” I said.
“I’ll be here,” she said.
I pushed away from her desk and followed Rich out the back door and into a private garage, where we kept our surveillance vehicles, cameras, and other equipment. He talked over his shoulder to me as we walked.
“As I mentioned, we have different investigators for different clients or different situations. I’m sending you out today with Mesquite Bonner, to train on our field procedures. He has a style all his own. I don’t expect you to copy it, and really don’t want you to, but I do want you to learn from it.”
Mesquite. Who the hell names their kid Mesquite?
“Howdy, boss,” echoed a voice from the end of the garage.
All I could see was a large cowboy hat with a feather sticking out of the camouflage brim, and a tall, skinny, but muscular, cowboy underneath.
“Skeeter Bonner,” he said, as he walked up to me and stuck out his hand.
“Mitch Morgan,” I said, as I pressed my hand into his.
Skeeter was dressed in snakeskin cowboy boots somewhat similar to those I had seen Rich wear. I wondered if that was mandatory corporate footwear.
“My first name is actually Mesquite, after my birthplace, Mesquite, Texas, but that got shortened to Skeeter when I was a kid.”
Of course it did.
“Skeeter, I want you to take Mitch out tonight and show him the ropes,” said Rich.
“Will do, boss.”
Rich gave us a quick wave, turned, and walked away. Skeeter motioned to me, then turned and walked toward his truck. I followed.
“Short orientation,” I said.
“You’ve been here a couple of weeks, so you’ve got all you’ll get, and all you’ll need, from him. The rest is up to us,” he said.
We climbed into his red crew-cab pickup, which had a two-place gun rack mounted in the back window. A lasso hung on the top rack on the passenger’s side, and a bullwhip hung on the top rack on the opposite side.
I looked around his truck for video equipment, recording devices, and the like, but didn’t see anything that would give away his chosen occupation.
We drove out of the garage toward the target’s location but made a couple of stops on the way. We gassed up the vehicle and then strolled through an electronics store, looking for a gaming mouse for Skeeter’s home computer. In general, we killed a couple of hours before we got back in the truck and drove out of town.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“Just down the road a piece, to Hank’s.”
“Who is Hank?”
“Hank ain’t a who, it’s a what.”
“Okay, what is Hank’s?”
“It’s a bar.”
Great. I liked bars. I liked what I saw in bars. I liked what I drank in bars.
“Gonna drink?” I asked.
“Nope. Gonna work, which involves drinkin’. My target should be there within a couple of hours.”
We sat in silence, as we drove northeast, on a wide two-lane highway. We had gone about five miles, when we passed a sign that read, “Leaving Cross Creek – Y’all Come Back.”
“What got you into this business?” I asked.
“I was a bull rider up ‘til a few years ago.”
“No bull,” I said. Skeeter cracked a smile. It was a lame joke.
“I was ridin’ the circuit, headin’ to the top of the money list, before this bull, ironically named Last Ride, put an end to it all, when he did the two-step up and down my chest. Broke a bunch of ribs and laid me up for a couple of months. Doc stuck a couple of steel plates and a few screws inside, to hold my ribs together, and told me the next time would be my last. I got out of the hospital and was plannin’ my new career, when I ran into Rich at a bar. He’d just got started and needed help, but the budget was tight. I had street smarts, but no experience, so he hired me and trained me. I’ve been doin’ this ever since.”
“Right place at the right time, I guess,” I said.
“Somethin' like that. He probably saved me from makin’ millions at some other job, but I don’t hold it against him.” We both chuckled.
We were about five miles outside the city limits when Skeeter hit the brakes, made a hard left into a gravel parking lot, and parked in front of a large building. There was a large red neon sign that read HANK’S. It looked like a barn that had been turned into a honky tonk.
“This used to be a barn. Now it’s the biggest honky tonk ‘tween here and Dallas,” he said.
I had guessed right.
“My targets supposed to be workin’ here.”
He flashed me a picture of the target, then stuck it in the truck console before I got a good look.
“I’ve been chasin’ this deadbeat for two months and finally got close enough to an informant to find out where he spends his nights. Think this is it. He tells his ex-wife he’s unemployed so he won’t have to pay child support. Meanwhile, she’s workin’ at a grocery store for minimum wage, tryin’ to feed herself and two kids. Word is, he gets paid cash for tendin’ bar and bouncin’ a few drunks out the back door.”
He digs into the truck console, pulls out a watch, and puts it on his left wrist.
“He needs to take care of his kids. Not right them havin’ to go hungry, while he has a good time at the bar every night.”
“So we’re gonna bust him for the kids,” I said.
“Yep. This is a pro-bono job from Rich. Seems the client has some connection to Stell, and…well, you’ve met Stell. You can guess what happened when she found out the kids weren’t gettin’ taken care of,” he said.
I had, and I could.


Chapter 5
We got out and crossed the gravel parking lot to the front of the building. Skeeter pulled the heavy wooden door open wide. We stepped just inside and stopped. Country music was blaring over the speakers, and cowboys were boot-scootin’ cowgirls around the dance floor.
“This place is full of rednecks,” he said, yelling over the music. “Some of ‘em think a fight is just part of a good night out, so watch yourself.”
I’d been watching myself in places like this for years, so I could at least do that.
“Head to the end of the bar and order yourself a drink. Get somethin’ to eat if you want, but keep the receipt to give to Cassie. She hates when you don’t bring receipts, so don’t forget. Not sure what time he comes in, so we may be here a while.”
“Drink, eat, get a receipt. Check,” I said to Skeeter, as he started through the crowd.
I found a spot on the corner at the end of the bar so I could watch Skeeter work, survey the entire bar, and protect my back, in case the drunks got rowdy.
The bartender took a few steps my way, stopped, and looked at me. “Amstel draft, if you have it. No lime,” I said, yelling over the music.
He nodded, then turned, and walked back to the center of the bar.
He filled a mug and tipped it, to drain off the excess foam. He looked at me. I looked at him. He sat the mug on the bar then slid it down the bar in my direction. It was one of those draft-beer bar slides that I’d seen in at least a dozen old Westerns, where the cool bartender slides beers down the bar and spins the mug handle over the customer’s fingers, just as it reaches his hand. He would have done it, except the mug stopped about three cowboys short of me. His beer sliding muscles needed a little work. The bartender shrugged, I shrugged, and he went back to tending bar.
The cowboys between me and my beer were kind enough to push it along until it got to me. I turned the mug to its proper position, took the lime slice off the rim, lifted my glass to the cowboys, and tilted my head slightly forward, to show I was much obliged for them giving my beer a push. They each lifted their mugs, tipped their heads in my direction, and we all took a long slug that consumed about half the contents of our mugs. I sat my mug down, leaned both forearms on the bar top, put my foot on the rail that ran along the bottom, and surveyed the room.
The room was a big rectangle. The bar ran about half the length of the left side wall. A mirror was mounted behind it and ran the length of the bar. There was a long rack of glasses hanging over the bar itself, just high enough to avoid a cowboy’s ten-gallon hat. The bartender had to stand on a riser on the back side of the bar to reach the stemmed glasses, but luckily, it was mostly a bottle or mug crowd.
A dance floor covered the back half of the room. Stairs started at the front edge of the dance floor and went up both sides to a balcony that formed a horseshoe shape as it hung over the sides of the dance floor and the band stand that was built along the back wall.
The balcony was filled with cowgirls, who were leaning on and over the obviously reinforced rail, yelling down to the patrons on the dance floor. The place was hopping. The DJ was working through his song list. There was no band or instruments in sight, so it was either DJ night or not yet time for the band.
I watched Skeeter work the room like a politician, stopping at one table after another, slapping people on the back, shaking hands, and cracking jokes. He arrived with all the fanfare of a front runner for local office. I expected at any minute that someone would hold up a baby for him to kiss.
I watched Skeeter and observed the bar for an hour or so, then ordered a burger and fries to absorb the beer. It arrived about ten minutes later. I pulled off the lettuce, tomato, and onions that I didn’t order, and dug in. I polished that off then moved myself and my beer to the middle of the bar to get about a half-dozen patrons closer to the action and within beer-sliding distance of the bartender, seeing as he had a weak sliding arm and all. This put me about five feet from Skeeter, who had worked his way from the far right side of the room to the bar, one table at a time. He was talking to a man that fit the target’s description, or at least what I could remember from the picture.
The target was not tall, but he was fairly large. Being a bouncer at a honky tonk in Texas, I guessed that to be a prerequisite to the initial interview. He appeared to be in his late 20s, with brown hair and a hairline that was receding quickly for a man his age. He had that pulled back in a ponytail that ended just below his collar. He had about a week of stubble on his face.
He wore a camouflaged t-shirt with the sleeves cut off at the shoulders, displaying his large biceps and an indescribable tattoo.
A folded white towel was draped over his right shoulder, and he used it to wipe the foam from his hands as he handed out overflowing mugs of beer.
He hopped up on the bar top, raised his legs, spun, and dropped himself down to the riser on the back side, directly in front of the cash register.
Skeeter shot me a glance, moved to the right of the register, then leaned on the bar. He was directly in front of the target. I didn’t respond, but turned and leaned my forearms against the bar so I could watch Skeeter and the target and the mirror that reflected the action behind me.
Skeeter ordered a draft. The target handed him a mug of beer and took his money. He was definitely working. The excitement of catching him in the act gave me an adrenaline rush—it always had. It’s a game I enjoyed playing.
Skeeter watched the target, as he moved up and down the backside of the bar. I pushed away from the bar and turned to my right, so I could view the dance floor, and found myself chest to breast with a tall busty blonde, who was wearing a very noticeable amount of makeup, cowboy boots, tight jeans, cut off into very short shorts, and a shirt, which was obviously missing a couple of top buttons, either by accident or by personal design. I assumed the latter. I got another adrenaline rush, but for an entirely different reason.
“Howdy,” she said.
“Howdy, yourself,” I said.
“Whatcha doin’ here?” she asked. I thought that was obvious, but I guessed not.
“Just watchin’ the crowd, lookin’ for a little excitement,” I said.
“See anything you like?” 
“Quite a bit, actually.”
“I come here a lot,” she said.
“I’m guessing you do.”
“I’m…” She said her name, but I didn’t catch it and couldn’t read her lips.
“Huh?” I said, as I leaned my head a little closer.
She tried again. “I’m…”
“I said, what do ya think you’re doin’, pardner?”
It took a second to register that that was not her actual name and was certainly not her voice.
I made a slight turn to the right to see who I guessed to be her jealous boyfriend, looking rather intently into what was my right earhole. He was backed up by his ugly sidekick, who was giving me what is commonly known as the stink eye.
Before I could answer, he grabbed my shirt, just below the collar, and twisted it around his left fist.
Generally, those confrontations begin with a few verbal exchanges, giving the one being assaulted a chance to calm the assailant or, failing that, the opportunity to decide what may happen next and how to respond. It’s a very quick process, taking only a few seconds.
I processed. Prepare to block, then counter. Kick, in a place most men preferred be left un-kicked. Too close? Use knee, or strike to base of throat with the inside open hand, or gouge the eyes, or punch the nose, or solar plexus, or floating ribs—all plausible, temporarily disabling blows that would allow me to get away or prepare a better defense.
Unfortunately, Jealous Boyfriend was unaware of the verbal banter that was supposed to precede the actual battery, and without another word, and before I could prepare my first defense, he pushed me against the bar, drew back, and swung.
I had no chance to block the punch, but just before his right fist connected with my head, he was leveled by what I soon after learned was a hard right to the jaw from Skeeter. Jealous Boyfriend dropped like a bag of dirt, just as his punch bumped my upper lip.
Ugly Sidekick stepped forward and drew back to swing, but I beat him to the punch and landed a quick straight right to his chin that was just at the end of my range but pushed him back a couple of steps. I filled the gap and fired a hard overhand right that connected with the end of his nose. Blood splattered on his white shirt. I quickly followed with a left upper cut that snapped his head straight back. His knees buckled. I stepped back and was ready to throw the deciding blow when he fell forward and landed on top of Jealous Boyfriend. I readied myself for the next contender, not knowing who that would be, when Skeeter jumped over the pile of cowboys, grabbed my left shirt sleeve, and spun me behind him, as he moved toward the door.
Busty Blonde screamed at the sight of Ugly Sidekick, bleeding all over the back of Jealous Boyfriend’s shirt, as they both tried to push themselves up from the floor. Fights began to break out in front of us as I ran through the hole Skeeter was making on his way to the door.
He pushed his way around two fighting cowgirls. Each grabbed two hands full of the other’s big hair, fell to the ground, and rolled to the side.
Skeeter ducked a wild punch from a man wearing a black hat. I shot a straight right under the brim of the hat, followed by a left hook that sent the hat to the ground with him under it.
I heard screaming and furniture and glass breaking behind us, as the bar turned into a free-for-all. We pushed our way past the on-lookers, who lined the walls of the bar, none of whom wanted to get involved but also didn’t dare miss the action. We made our way out the door and into the parking lot.
Skeeter pulled a remote from his pocket and pushed it, which started his truck motor, then pushed another button that unlocked the doors. We reached the truck just as shots rang out from inside the bar. People began pouring out of the bar like the place was on fire. We got inside his truck just as the parking lot erupted with the roar of multiple truck engines starting. Trucks moved in all directions, sending gravel flying, as they drove toward the exit.
Skeeter stomped the gas and fish-tailed out of the parking lot, turning onto the highway without stopping for oncoming traffic. He got up to speed, which was about 15 miles an hour over the posted speed limit.
“What the hell was that?” I yelled, as I tried to catch my breath.
“It’s that crazy blonde chick. She finds some unsuspectin’ sucker at the bar, flashes her boobs, and strikes up a conversation, which drives her equally crazy jealous boyfriend nuts, and the fight starts from there. His moron buddies all find a partner and join in. Happens about twice a month in that joint,” he said. “I tried to warn you about her, when I saw her walk up, but I was too late.”
I sat in silence, as I pondered the “unsuspectin’ sucker” comment, and decided that was a general statement that pertained to the busty blonde, rather than a specific description of her most recent victim. My top lip began to throb from Jealous Boyfriend’s punch.
“Too bad you didn’t get what you needed,” I said.
“Whaddya mean?”
“Video. Don’t you need video to prove your target’s working?”
“I got it.”
He reached up, flipped on the overhead console light, then lifted his right shirt pocket flap to reveal a short green block that was attached inside the pocket flap, just behind the round button.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Micro camera. I have a remote switch on my watch that turns on the camera. I started the video when he got behind the bar and filmed him as he worked. Well, up to the point where you started the fight with the blonde chick’s boyfriend.”
I took that in for a minute. “A Rich Callahan idea,” I said.
“Yep,” he replied. “I’ll dump this onto a flash drive and give it to Cassie, along with my report. She’ll get it to client’s attorney, and he can take it from there.”
Police cars with blue lights screamed toward us, followed by fire trucks with red lights. I assumed they were going to break up the bar fight, which would have likely turned into a parking lot brawl by the time they got there.
“I lost my receipt,” I said.
“Wanna go back and get it?” he asked.
“I’m good.”
We drove in silence back to the office, said our good byes, and called it a night.


Chapter 6
The memory of Skeeter and Hank’s fade into the background, replaced by the reality of today.
The gallery is full, as is the desk across the aisle, where the prosecutor and his assistant sit. The stenographer is now filing her pink nails and smacking her gum, periodically stopping both to hold her fingers out in front of her, at near arms-length, to examine her work.
Jackson walks over to my table, hits the buttons to unlatch his briefcase, and begins to dig through the stack of papers inside.
It boggles the mind to see how much paper it takes to go to court, each piece representing an exhibit that Jackson plans to use in my defense, which is matched, or countered, by an exhibit from the prosecutor—which he intends to use, I assume, to get me tossed in jail.
“Tired?” he asks, as he continues to search.
“Little,” I reply.
He pulls out yet another document, motions to the prosecutor, who holds up what I assume to be his opposing document, and they both go back to the front of the courtroom. I have watched this scenario play out over and over as he “represents my best interest.” He spends more time with the prosecutor than with me. Maybe he should send my bill to him.
The bailiff announces that the judge has been detained on another matter, so we should all get comfortable for the next hour or so. I have nowhere else to go, and the lawyers seem content to argue over more pieces of paper, so I draw in a deep breath, lean back in my chair, and continue to watch the goings-on.
I feel a tug on the back of my left ear. I look over that shoulder to see the big toothy grin of Reginald Spade, better known as Bogie. He’s one of the Callahan investigators.
It seems everyone in Texas gets a nickname or gets their name shortened, if possible. I would have guessed Reggie or Reg, but not so. I have yet to hear anyone refer to him by any name other than Bogie.
He bears a slight similarity to Humphrey Bogart, about the same height and build, and with the last name of Spade, a character name made famous by Bogart, it seems a natural fit. He’s originally from New York but has lost most of his accent.
He works strictly on the domestic side. He’s the classic suave PI. His clients are wealthy husbands or wives, or their most recent flings, divorce attorneys representing wealthy clients, and businessmen investigating other businessmen. Much of his business comes from Dallas, by word of mouth or by reputation. He’s good and knows it but doesn’t flaunt it.
He compartmentalizes better than anyone I know. He works when he’s at work, but when he’s off he sheds that persona, and becomes himself, a fun-loving, pleasant guy to be around.
He’s is an interesting study. Despite his outward, all-business appearance, he’s very charitable and caring.
“How’s it goin’, sport?” he says, as he bends at the waist and puts both elbows on the banister rail, head up straight, watching Jackson as he argues with the prosecutor.
“Okay, I guess. Be glad when this is over.”
“I bet. Find anything to keep your mind occupied,” he says, turning his head and tipping it in the direction of the stenographer.
“She’s entertaining, but that’s as far as my mind goes,” I say.
“She’s been doing that same job since she got out of high school ten years ago, from what I hear. Seems content, I must say.”
“I guess. I’ve watched her for the last couple of weeks and I haven’t seen her do anything more than personal maintenance. Wonder what’s left to work on when she gets home,” I say.
“Don’t know and probably don’t want to know,” he says.
“I’m with you on that.”
“You talk to Rich yet?” he asks.
“Not yet. Stell’s been hinting that I should, but I don’t think there’s anything left to say.”
“Maybe not, but that’s your call.” He never was one to pry. I asked a question, got an answer, and didn’t bother arguing the point.
We watch Jackson argue, then watch the stenographer as she grapples in her purse for another self-care object.
“I think she took the wrong career path,” I say. “She should be in a building across the street, doing the nails of the people that come to this place every day.”
“Not a bad idea. You could set her up and be a silent partner. That is, when you get paroled,” he says.
“Yeah, think I will take a pass on that,” I say, as we both laugh at the thought.
Bogie doesn’t joke a lot. It’s a good side of him I rarely see, so I don’t mind the ribbing.
“Jackson looks like he’s dressed for a high-class funeral, as usual. What’s he got to say about your case?” he asks.
“Nothing much. He’s spends all his time arguing with the prosecutor. Says he’s working on a deal. Stell told me to trust him, so that’s what I’m doing.”
“Stell won’t steer you wrong,” he says, “on Jackson or on Rich, for that matter. So you may want to give that a little more thought.”
He slaps me on the back. “Hang in there, sport. If you need anything, give me a shout.”
He pushes up from the banister, then leaves to claim a seat in the gallery.
I turn back toward the front of the courtroom and think back to when I first met Bogie. It was another after-hours case. Rich wanted me to get a feel for the domestic side of investigative life, far different than the cowboys and honky tonks, and a welcome change.
I was a little tired, after spending the prior few weeks with Skeeter. I did learn the Texas Two-Step, though. I’m still not worth a crap at it, but I know what it looks like, when I see it.


Chapter 7
It was my second surveillance assignment. It was close to 6 p.m. Cassie was at her desk, so I made my usual stop there to talk and wait. I was out of witty one-liners, which didn’t take long, and hadn’t worked anyway, and I had told all the stories I could tell. I had learned very little about her, but I wasn’t giving up.
“Hello, beautiful,” I said, as I walked through the door.
She rolled her eyes. “Back so soon,” she said. “Seems like you were just here.”
“Yeah, I’m going out with Bogie tonight. Wanna come along? We can ditch him somewhere, grab a little dinner, maybe see a movie.”
“I’ll pass. Gotta wash my hair,” she said, as she continued to peck away at her keyboard, never looking up from the monitor.
“Maybe I could help. I’m told I have very soft hands.”
“I have my own hands, thank you.”
“You can never have enough hands,” I said.
The door opened and Bogie walked in.
“Hi, Cassie,” he said.
“Hi, Bogie. Is this yours?” she asked, pointing at me.
“Yeah, he’s mine, for the next few hours anyway. You’re wasting your time here,” he said, looking at me. “Come on. Let’s do something a little more productive.”
He held the door and motioned for me to go through.
“Bye, beautiful,” I said. She never looked up, but I did see a faint smile. A possible crack in the armor. 
I followed Bogie out the door to his vehicle, a late 60s model Corvette. It was black with red interior and all the trim. I had a hard time fitting my six foot two frame into the seat, but I finally squeezed in.
“You in?” he asked, as he pulled it into gear.
“Yeah, but don’t know that I will ever get out,” I said, clicking my seatbelt buckle.
He laughed and drove away.
Bogie’s assignment that night was at a high-class bar on the edge of town, known for its excellent food, fine wine, private meeting rooms, and clandestine hook-ups.
It seemed that all the bars, honky tonks, and other businesses of that sort were on the edge of town. I wondered if that was by happenstance or by design. Possibly the good people of Cross Creek preferred that the goings-on at those places went on outside their town.
“We’re looking for Mrs. Jean-Anne Whatley, or Jenny, as her close friends call her. Wife of the wealthy James R. Whatley.”
He flashed me her picture, just like Skeeter had, then dropped it into the console. I saw a face, dark hair, and red lipstick. Maybe there was only one of those where we were going.
We drove west on Main Street, past the city limit sign, then another five miles, until he pulled into the parking lot of The Chateau restaurant, known for its fine Italian cuisine, according to the sign.
We got out and walked toward the front door. Bogie pushed the lock button on the remote, and the Vette beeped.
We walked inside. I surveyed the dimly lit bar, which had several small tables for two, maybe three people. It was elegant and very intimate. The main restaurant was through a hallway at the back of the bar.
“Spade, party of two,” Bogie said, to the hostess.
“Follow me,” she said.
We took a table on the far right, about halfway down that wall, so we could scan the entire room. We had just picked up the menu, when the target strolled through the front door. I saw Bogie subtly lock onto her and track her to the bar, where she eased herself onto a padded bar stool.
We continued to sit in silence, as Bogie looked up and down the menu, taking short glances at Jenny, then over to the right at a mirror that reflected the front door, then back to his menu. He had the room covered.
The waitress appeared over my right shoulder.
“Can I get you gentlemen a drink?”
“Dewar’s, rocks,” Bogie said.
“Bell’s, neat,” I said.
Bogie looked at me, eyes wide, as if surprised.
“There’s more to me than just beer and pretzels,” I said.
“Obviously,” he replied.
We continued to sit, as Bogie made the triangle from his menu, to Jenny, to the mirror, then back again. We ordered a light appetizer. Bogie leaned my way and quietly filled me in.
“Her husband wants a divorce. To hear him tell it, they had been happily married for several years, until she started stepping out on him. Now she wants to leave and take half of the assets with her.”
“And that’s more than he wants to give,” I said.
“Pretty much. Seems he was a flat-broke nobody from Nowhere, Texas when they met. She was just as broke. He started work at a used car lot in high school. Never went to college.”
“Truly a self-made man,” I added.
“He is, and he now owns the largest new-car dealership in town, the fifth largest dealership in Dallas, plus a couple of used car lots. You do the math,” he said.
I tried to do the math, but I wasn’t quite sure what math I was supposed to be doing. Still, it sounded like a lot of bread, no matter how I sliced it.
“You know that big house on the right that we passed on the way out?” he asked.
“The one just past the storage facility,” I said.
“Yeah, that’s their house, with multiple garages, filled with multiple collectible cars.”
“I see.”
He continued his surveillance triangle, having replaced the food menu with the wine menu.
“Probably a million or more just in those cars. Not to mention all the cash he has stashed in some safe that the wife doesn’t know about.”
“Or the IRS,” I added.
“Or the IRS,” he replied.
“He’s not about to let her get her paws on half of it. If he can prove infidelity, he gains leverage, and the war starts from there, at something less than half.”
A few minutes passed as I watched the target. Then I watched Bogie watch the target, while I munched on the best chicken quesadillas I‘d ever eaten.
“So don’t you think she deserves half, since she was with him when he was broke and is with him now that he’s rich?” I asked.
“Probably, but she’s the one having the affair, not him. And she didn’t hire me, he did, so morals have nothing to do with it. It’s just a job. Judgment is for juries and The Almighty. I do what I’m hired to do, and let the client worry about his conscience,” he said.
That made sense to me. So we sat and watched Jenny. We watched her stir her drink. We watched her watch the door. We watched her watch her watch. We watched her do it all over again.
I took note. She looked to be in her late 30s, but I guessed she was actually in her late 40s and owed her appearance to a good surgeon or to a good diet and exercise plan. I guessed the former, as I couldn’t quite picture her “sweatin’ to the Oldies” in front of a Richard Simmons video.
She wore a mid-thigh length sleeveless black cocktail dress with a cutout back and a plunging v-shaped neckline that stopped at a point where the bartender had to crane his neck to get his best view. That was accented by a diamond necklace and bracelet, each of which likely cost more than my last house.
She had long black hair that looked as though it had been styled that very afternoon—not a hair out of place. Her make-up was modest.
Her movements were like those of a fine Swiss watch—smooth and slow, with very little effort. She sat calmly, stirring and nursing her drink. I drank, ate, and watched the show.


Chapter 8
It was just after eight. We had finished the appetizers and were midway through our meal. Jenny had just about nursed her second drink to death, in an elegant way of course, when I saw Bogie’s eyebrows raise as he shot a glance toward her then immediately to the mirror. He had the senses of a hawk. She barely twitched, and he caught it.
I looked over to the entryway to see a man who appeared to be in his early 30s walk in and take a seat at the bar, two seats away from Jenny. He ordered a drink.
“Target two?” I asked.
“Target Plus One,” he replied.
“Okay,” I said, “Target Plus One it is.” I had to get my target lingo right, or no one would know who I was talking about.
Plus One wore a blue sport coat with a white button-down shirt, no tie, and dark gray slacks. He wore designer shoes, which fit nicely around his silk socks. He had dark hair, which also looked as though it had been styled that day. He was clean-shaven, fit, and well-groomed. He had all the signs of a gigolo—not that I spent a lot of time dressing gigolos, but if I did, that’s what mine would look like.
He shot a quick glance at Jenny that even I didn’t miss. She shot a subtle glance back, then ordered another drink. They both sat as though they had never met. They drank and made small talk with the bartender. Jenny politely fended off an interloper, finished her last drink, got the check, paid, eased off the bar stool, and walked toward the door.
I started to move, but Bogie put his hand on my forearm. I stopped.
He watched the mirror, as the door closed behind Jenny. Plus One motioned for his check. Bogie slowly downed the rest of his drink, rose from his chair, dropped five twenty-dollar bills on the table, thanked the waitress, and moved through the bar, toward the door. I did the same, except for the five twenties. I guessed his about covered it.
He walked outside, turned left, and made his way to the end of the building. I followed.
“What are we doing?” I asked.
“Waiting,” he replied.
He reached into his pocket, pulled out an object about the size of my thumb, and pressed the buttons. I was too consumed with Jenny and Plus One to ask what he was doing.
He turned toward me and said something incoherent, as he pressed buttons on the object in his hand. I turned to see what he was saying, which was really nothing. I caught on.
Plus One walked out, took a short smooth look to his left, then right, then casually strolled across the parking lot.
Jenny was already in her Lexus, her motor running. The car was also running. She was parked a couple of slots in front of Bogie’s Vette.
Plus One walked to the passenger side door and got in. Jenny pulled the Lexus into gear, eased out of the parking space, then turned toward the exit.
“Let’s go,” Bogie said.
We walked to his Vette. I wedged myself into the passenger’s seat and reached for the door, just as Bogie pulled away.
He accelerated and made a tight circle to the left. I hung on to the door handle, as I struggled to keep the door from pulling me out of the seat and onto the pavement. He came to the highway and made a hard right, which forced the door toward me, pushing my upper body back into the car. The door followed and closed.
He gassed it and hit 80 miles an hour in seconds, catching up and then slowing to her speed about a quarter mile behind her. He continued to play with the object in his hand as he followed Jenny at a distance. She made a right onto the southbound interstate and Bogie followed.
She moved to the far left of three lanes. Bogie stayed behind, in the far right lane.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“If my guess is right, we’re going to Martin.”
“Who is Martin?”
“It’s not a who, it’s a where.”
“Okay, where is Martin?”
“About 30 miles down the interstate, south of town.”
“And what’s in…Where the hell are we going?” I asked, finally.
“To the Hotel Vanderbilt. It’s a very exclusive, very expensive, and very secure hotel. You don’t ask questions, and you’re asked no questions. They don’t ask for ID, and they like cash, not credit cards, so you don’t ask for a receipt. If anyone asks, no one there knows you. The patrons and the employees like it that way.”
“Sounds more like a hideout than a hotel.”
“Probably is, to some,” he said.
“Place must cost out the wazoo.”
“About 500 bucks a night.”
We rode in silence for the next few minutes. Jenny picked up speed. Bogie stayed in the right lane and kept pace.
“I lost her in heavy traffic on this road, on this same day last week. 
We continued to follow Jenny. “You have to be careful when you tail a target,” he said. “Probably get made or lose them about half the time. If the target is up to something or suspects they are being tailed, their actions will give that away. They take long routes to their destination, make sudden turns or lane changes, U-turn, and about anything else they can think of, to see if they are being followed or to lose a tail.”
“Is that how she lost you last week?” I asked.
“No. She had no idea I was following her. I got caught in the far left lane with traffic between us. She exited, and I couldn’t get over without making a drastic move. When I saw the exit, I knew where she was going. She got to the Vanderbilt and pulled into their enclosed parking garage before I could catch up to her. I pulled in and found her car, checked in and stayed the night, but never saw her. She was gone by morning and there is not a tip big enough to get anything more from the employees than directions out the door,” he said.
“That,” I said, “from a man who tried?”
“Uh-huh.”
“The hotel must pay the employees a tidy sum for that kind of silence.”
“They do. The only guy that can break their silence is the one that brings the high-class hookers to the hotel.”
“Who would that be?” I asked.
“Don’t know. Still working on it.”
We drove for a few minutes in silence. Then Bogie spoke up, continuing to instruct me. “If you’re going to follow a target for a distance or have to keep up in heavy traffic, it’s best to use two vehicles. Costs more to the client, but it’s better than losing the target.” 
I had done surveillance and had been on several stakeouts, but not near as many as he had. I would take all the tips and tricks he had to offer.
The right turn signal on the Lexus flashed as Jenny moved to the right lane. Bogie dropped back and allowed a second vehicle to move between us and Jenny. She took the Martin exit, made a right at the light, then took a left at the next light. Bogie went straight.
 “You lost them,” I said.
He made a right, then another right, then a left before he answered.
“She’s going in circles to be sure she’s not followed. The first turn on the right would have taken her straight to the hotel and into the garage.”
He turned through an alley, crossed a main road, and came out in another alley.
“Makes you a little car sick,” I said.
“A little,” he replied.
He seemed too focused on getting ahead of Jenny to converse, so I rode in silence.
He turned into the rear entrance of the hotel, then pulled into a parking lot adjacent to the hotel, a safe distance from the parking garage entrance, but within eyeshot. He killed the lights, picked up the object again, and pushed the buttons.
“What’s that thing?” I asked.
“What thing?”
“The remote-looking thing in your hand.”
“It’s a remote,” he said. 
Glad we cleared that up.
“To what?” I asked.
“To the camera.”
“What camera?” 
He pointed to the front of his rearview mirror, without taking his eyes off the garage entrance.
I leaned toward the windshield and cocked my head to the right, as I tried to look between the mirror and windshield. I couldn’t see anything, but not for lack of trying. My butt was so wedged into the seat that it would take a crowbar to get me out.
“There’s a small camera buried in the mirror,” he said. “The remote moves the camera angle from left to right, up and down, and zooms in and out. I filmed her getting into her car, filmed him getting into her car, and then filmed her car as she drove down here. Now, I’ve got to get film of her and him going into the hotel, then coming out.”
“How do you know you got her?” I asked.
“Oh, I got her,” he said.
I reached my finger up to the back of the mirror to feel for a lens.
“Get your greasy paws off the lens. You wanna smudge the shot?”
I complied.
“Unless I miss my guess, she and Reynaldo should be driving up to the hotel parking garage at any minute.”
“Reynaldo being the former Plus One, I assume?” 
“None other.”
I surveyed the hotel while we waited. It was a four-story structure, almost square in shape. Its exterior was constructed of gray brick, with large plate-glass windows across the front, and large dark-tinted windows on all the rooms.
The parking garage was constructed of the same material. It appeared to be a two-level structure. The garage door began to roll up, followed by a vehicle coming out of the garage. I peered inside. The garage was concealed on the sides, but the side toward the hotel was open and there was a gap between the garage and the hotel. The entryway from the garage to the hotel was concealed from outside view, so we would not be able to get a shot of her walking into the hotel.
A few minutes had passed when her Lexus pulled up to the garage, just as Bogie predicted. The door was still up. She eased her car inside, and the door closed behind her.
I watched Bogie press the buttons to maneuver the camera.
“What now?” I asked.
“We wait.”
“How long.”
“’Til we—or they—get tired and go home.”
I had a feeling we would get tired of what we were doing much sooner than Jenny and Reynaldo would get tired of what they were doing.
Two hours passed. We had exhausted the topics of Rangers baseball, Dallas football, and cars, so we sat in silence. Surveillance had always been time-consuming and boring. Most times, there is nothing to do but sit and wait, so we did.
Another hour passed. It was just before 1 a.m. The garage door opened, and the nose of Jenny’s car poked out. She eased out of the garage, then drove away in the direction from which she originally came. Reynaldo was in the passenger seat.
Bogie started the Vette and followed, as he worked the camera remote. We followed them back to the restaurant. She pulled in. Bogie kept going.
“We have enough?” I asked.
“Got plenty,” he said.
He went a mile, made a U-turn, and drove back to the office. He dropped me off, I got in my car, and drove home.
My mind wandered from one subject to another, as I drove home and thought of the various assignments I had been on in the prior weeks. I liked the job and liked the people.
Rich valued integrity and loyalty, and having Stella as a rudder, with her religious morals and the dreaded cuss jar, probably helped.
I’d found the perfect fit, but I had to clear up a few issues from my past, as quietly and as quickly as possible.
I got home and went straight to bed. I had been on several light night surveillance jobs since being hired. It was part of the job, but it wrecked my sleeping habits.


Chapter 9
The Whatleys finally divorced. It was big news in Cross Creek, since he was one of its wealthiest residents. I’ve seen Jenny a couple of times in passing since then. She is none the worse for wear, still driving her Lexus, still living the high life.
I look at the clock. It’s close to noon, and again, no judge, nothing accomplished. I get the bailiff’s attention and point toward the side door that leads to the hallway and the restrooms. He gives me a slow nod. I feel eyes from the gallery follow me across the room, as if I were going to make a run for it.
I’m relieved there is no one else in the restroom. I’m not in the mood for small talk, or any other kind of talk, for that matter.
I finish my business, wash my hands, and splash water on my face to cool off. I pull a paper towel from the dispenser, pat my hands and face dry, and walk toward the door, as I toss the towel in the trash can. The door opens just as I reach for it. I grab the edge of the door before it hits my face.
An elderly man comes through the doorway. “How ya doin’ sonny,” he says.
I hate being called sonny, but I let it pass. “Fine,” I say, as I watch him shuffle in.
I let go of the door, without going out, and consider the man carefully. Those eyes, where have I seen those eyes?
“Cam?”
The old man turns, smiles, and raises his eyebrows. He knows he’s busted.
“What gave me away?”
“Your eyes, you have Rich’s eyes.”
“The window to the soul,” he says.
“Yeah, something like that.”
“You doing’ okay?” he asks, as he drops the old man routine, and walks up to the urinal.
“Hanging in there,” I reply.
I’m not a fan of restroom talk, particularly when one or both of us is standing in front of a urinal. It’s a violation of some man-code.
He finishes his business, washes his hands, pulls a towel from the dispenser, dries his hands, then under-hands the towel toward the trash can as he walks to the door.
“I’ve gotta head out to a job, so I may not make it back before you…uh, this is over. Hope it turns out okay for you.”
“Thanks,” I say.
He reaches for the door, then pauses. “You know that dad—”
“Yeah, I know,” I say. “You’ve been talking to Stell, I guess.”
He smiles and nods. “Yeah, you know how she is,” he says. He grabs the door handle, pulls, resumes his old-man persona, then shuffles through.
I shake my head as he left. I just saw him talking to Rich. He gives new meaning to the phrase “quick-change artist.”
I walk over, pick up his paper towel, toss it in the trash can, then lean back against the edge of the sink. I need a break from the courtroom.
I think back to the first time I met Cam. I never worked with him, because he works in disguise, not something just anyone can do.
It was the end of my first week at the agency, or maybe the second. I was leaning on the reception desk talking to Cassie when a clown walked in and asked for Rich. Cassie pointed down the hall to the break room. Without a word, the clown walked in that direction and then disappeared through the doorway. I looked at Cassie for the answer to a question I really didn’t have to ask.
“Oh, that’s Cam Callahan. He’s Rich’s son.”
“Why the clown outfit?” I asked, assuming he either performed at kids’ birthday parties or had a clown fetish.
“It’s his disguise.”
“Who’s he hiding from?”
“He’s not hiding. Well, not from anyone in particular. He’s in disguise.”
“To do what?” I asked.
“Not sure. He’s an investigator like Bogie and Skeeter, but he plants himself near the target by disguising himself as whoever he needs to be.
I later learned that Cam was a theater major in college and acted in several plays. The college had a thin budget, so they had to do most of the extra work themselves, like make the sets, make their own costumes, and do their own make up. He made it to Hollywood and did a few bit parts, but never enough to make a living. He worked in the makeup and costume department, between acting jobs.
After a year or so, he gave up acting, came back to Texas, and turned his talent into a career. One day he could be a clown, the next day he would be a cable repair guy, and the day after that he would be doing door-to-door surveys. He could dress the part for any occasion, blend in no matter where he was, and play it all to the hilt.
“So he gets to act every day of his life?” I asked Cassie.
“Pretty much.”
“Good for him. Everybody needs a hobby they can turn into a career.”
She leaned toward me, which allowed me a whiff of her perfume, an opportunity I never missed. “He has a tell,” she whispered, cupping her hand around her mouth, as if it were a national secret.
“Beg pardon?”
“A tell. You know, like poker players, when they have a good hand, or they’re trying to bluff. They have some little thing they do that they don’t know about, or can’t stop doing, and the other players watch for it. Cam has one of those.”
“Does he know?” I asked.
“Yep. I told him.”
“So why doesn’t he stop ‘telling’?”
“’Cause he doesn’t know exactly what it is and I won’t tell him.”
“That’s kinda cruel.”
“He deserves it,” she said, raising her voice a couple of octaves. “He used to come into the office dressed as some guy or the other, like he had an appointment with Rich, and made me go through the drill of finding Rich and telling him Mr. Somebody was here to see him. Rich played along with the whole thing, came out and greeted him, showed him into his office, and closed his door when they met. Eventually, Rich told me it was Cam, so I studied him, every time I would see him, and found his tell.”
“So now you know, and you’re not telling,” I said.
“Yep. He tried to slip by me a couple of times, but I caught him, so he finally gave up.”
I wanted to know this secret, but Cassie wasn’t telling me either, so I studied Cam every chance I got. I watched every stranger that came through the door, but if I saw him, I never knew it. The novelty wore off, and I gave up after a couple of weeks.
The thought of him in that clown suit still makes me laugh. He’s in disguise more often than not, I think.
The restroom door opens, and two more men walk in. We smile, and give each other the raised-eyebrow hello, without saying a word. I leave the restroom, and walk back toward the courtroom, passing the stenographer and the strong scent of her perfume on the way, which makes me appreciate the faint scent of Cassie’s even more.
I walk toward the table as Jackson stuffs papers back into his briefcase. Most of the people in the gallery are gone, and the rest are making their way through the door.
“What gives?” I ask.
“Court’s adjourned ‘til tomorrow,” he says. “Judge has some other business to tend to, and we’re not ready anyway. See you here at 10 a.m. Don’t be late.”
He sticks his hand inside the handle, lifts his briefcase from the desk, turns, and walks through the swinging door of the banister, where he takes his place in line behind the last of the gallery.
I stand and watch until I am the only person left in the room. I sigh, walk to the door, and flip out the light as I exit.


Chapter 10
I drive home to grab a bite and change clothes before going to work. I have been working as security manager at the local mall, a job I started a couple of months ago. The mall manager has been very understanding and has accommodated my court schedule. Since that time, I learned that Stella, who owns the mall property, pulled a few strings to get me the job. I assume she worked out my schedule beforehand. I’m not particularly pleased that I can’t get a job on my own, but given my circumstance, I can’t be choosey.
I walk into the house and almost step on Sampson, who is lying in the floor, just inside the doorway.
Sampson’s a large gray tabby that I rescued from the animal shelter when I first got to Cross Creek. He’s big as cats go, weighing almost 15 pounds, but he’s healthy, according to the vet.
He’s a head-butter, ramming his head into any of my available body parts when he wants some attention. He especially likes to climb on my desk and butt my hand while I write, which causes the pen to scroll across the paper, leaving a random ink trail.
I prefer dogs, but it would be hard to drop by the house and let a dog out every day, and I wanted some companionship, so Sampson’s it for now. He’s beginning to grow on me, so I may have both, one day.
I step over him. He stands and follows me, twisting in and out of my legs, as I make my way to the cabinet. I finally get to his food and pour it into his bowl. He sits, sinks the rest of his body down to the floor in the front of the bowl, and eats.
I warm a couple of pieces of leftover pizza, eat, get dressed for work, scratch Sampson behind the ear, then leave. It’s a five-minute drive to the mall. 
It’s not a large mall. The standard big box stores anchor each end, with a lot of lady apparel stores in between. There are a couple of stores for men—one that sells athletic gear and another that sells electronics. Otherwise, it’s a mall for women.
The security office is in the middle of the mall, on the second floor. I punch my password into the keypad and go inside. Stanley Winston sits in front of the mall security monitors, focused on a teenager in the west side parking lot.
“What’s up, Stan,” I say, as I take the seat next to him.
“Hey, Mitch,” he says, not taking his eyes off the monitor.
Stan’s a bit of an enigma. He’s 20 years old and extremely intelligent, but not nerdy-intelligent. He has short, reddish-brown hair, stands about six feet tall, and may weigh 160 pounds soaking wet. He’s a computer whiz, has a steady girlfriend who is a cheerleader of all things, and attends a local community college, where he majors in history with a minor in forensic criminology.
He spends his spare time studying the mall security manual and studying people in the mall. I haven’t yet figured out how history and criminology go together. I asked him once, and he gave an explanation that must have made sense to him, but by the time he finished, my attention span was spent, so I just assumed he had a plan and left it at that.
“I’m watchin’ a suspect,” he says. “See that kid? He’s been walkin’ around that area for about 20 minutes. He walks up and down, lookin’ around as if he’s gonna break into a car, but then goes back to walkin’ again.”
“Which car?” I ask.
“That’s the problem. He hasn’t looked inside any of ‘em, except that beat-up ol’ green Blazer, at the end of row three.”
I lean toward the monitor to get a better look.
“He stuck his face up to the driver’s side window,” Stan continues, “then got on his phone, walked away from it, and hasn’t been near it since. He’s a little suspicious and seems nervous about somethin’.”
As we watch, the young man continues to pace up and down, appearing more impatient with each change in direction.
“He’s walking next to the building. Maybe he likes the shade better than the hot sun,” I say.
“Maybe. Maybe not,” Stan replies.
One thing about Stan, he could find something suspicious about the Pope. I think he over-thinks most things, but he’ll figure it out, just like the rest of us had to do at his age.
We continue to watch the monitors. A white Ford Expedition pulls into the mall parking lot and stops behind the Blazer. A teenager gets out of the driver’s side and meets the suspect at the door of the Blazer, where the two begin to argue. The suspect seems the most upset, as he flails his arms about, while the driver of the Expedition stands with his arms folded, listening to the apparent rant. After less than a minute, the Expedition driver inserts a key into the Blazer door lock, opens the door, flips the keys to the suspect, then turns, and walks back to his vehicle. He gets in the Expedition and drives off without another word.
The suspect continues to rant and flail his arms as the Expedition pulls away. The suspect flips him off, then climbs into the Blazer, and drives away.
Stan and I both laugh.
“Looks like little brother locked his keys in the car, and big brother took his sweet time about getting here to let him in,” I say.
“Yep,” Stan replies, as we both continue to laugh.
I pull the day’s incident blotter from the nail, where it hangs on the wall, to see what had happened since yesterday. Teenagers causing trouble at the food court, some graffiti on the back wall, and a couple of other miscellaneous items. A couple of kids were hauled off by local authorities, to be dealt with by the court.
According to Stell, the local judges don’t want to throw teenagers in the clink with the adult offenders, so they hand out their own brand of punishment. One kid walked up and down the front of the mall for a week with a sandwich board that read “I stole merchandise from this mall,” written on both sides. I’ve only seen that once, so I assume it set a good example for the others.
As I put the blotter back on the nail, I hear the security room door buzzer. I look at the security monitor and see a short blonde lady staring up at the camera. I open the door.
“Hi Stan, how are you,” she says, as she walks in to the security office.
“Fine, Mrs. C. How’s the family?”
“Same as usual. Rich is working. I’m making my rounds and thought I would stop by.”
“That’s good,” says Stan, barely paying attention, as he continues to stare at the monitors.
“Mitch, can we go outside for a minute?”
“Sure, Stell. Stan, I’ll be right back.” Stan gives me a backwards wave over the top of his head.
Stell and I step out into the hall. I close the door behind us.
“What’s up?”
“Not much. Just checking in to see how you’re doing.”
I shrug. “I’m okay. The days sitting in the courtroom and watching Jackson argue every point are getting a little long. Half the time, I don’t know what he’s arguing about. I’m ready to be done with it.”
“You know he’s just looking out for your best interest,” she says.
“Yeah, I guess. But some days, I think it would be easier to go with what I’ve got, throw myself on the mercy of the court, and take my chances.”
“It’ll be over in a couple of days, and then you can get on with your life.”
“I don’t think the news is going to be good, and I’m fine with that. I just want to get on with it.”
“Don’t be so pessimistic,” she says.
She pauses, as she searches for her next words. “Have you thought about calling Rich?”
“Thought about it? Yeah, I’ve thought about it. I think about it every day.”
“So what’s the hold up?”
“I need to get the trial behind me before I can mend fences. I may not be around here by the end of the week. Why, has he said anything to you?” 
“Not much. He just bottles it up and won’t talk about it. He’s stubborn that way. He’ll come around when this is over, but regardless of what happens, you should take care of this. You know he’s a forgiving man.”
“Maybe,” I said, not knowing if that was the truth or wishful thinking on her part.
“Have you talked to Cassie?” she asks.
“Yeah. She comes up one day, you’re here the next, and I appreciate the support.”
“We’re glad to help.”
She pulls a small ring of keys from her pocket. “Well, I’ve got to go. The manager at the Gap is complaining about a leak. I’ll see you later,” she says.
She gives me a hug, turns, and walks down the stairs.
Stell and I have had this conversation about once a week since the trial began. She asks if I’ve talked to him, suggests that I should, but has never directly asked me to do it. I hadn’t been able to take that step. Obviously, he’s not willing to take that step either, so on it goes.
I watch as she reaches the bottom of the stairs, then goes out into the mall. I have gotten very close to Stell and Cassie, especially Cassie, since this whole ordeal began. She and I spent a lot of time talking about the court case, at first, but now talk more about our personal lives. We have grown close personally, but not physically.
I learned that she ended a long relationship with a Callahan investigator, Victor Something, just before I arrived at the agency. According to Cassie, they had been together for a couple of years, when he was assigned a work comp claim involving a female target. One thing lead to another, he got too close to the target, and they had an affair, which is why she no longer dates fellow employees.
There was nothing openly fraudulent about his handling of the claim, and the affair happened after he had closed his file, but it looked bad just the same. Rich canned him over the phone, boxed up his stuff, and dropped it in the dumpster. He sent a text to Victor an hour before the dumpster was to be emptied, telling him if he wanted his stuff, he’d better hurry. Cassie didn’t say if Victor got there in time to save it all, and I didn’t ask.
That piece of news does not encourage me about the prospect of a relationship with Cassie, or reconciliation with Rich, but she continues to come by. I will get around to those issues after I clear up my own.
I go back into the security office and relieve Stan. The rest of my shift is uneventful, which is fine by me. I sit and watch nothing go on. It’s good practice for court.


Chapter 11
I am awakened by a beam of light, shining through a pin-size hole in the blinds. It’s 7 a.m. I turn off the alarm, roll out of bed, shower, and dress for court.
Sampson’s asleep on the couch. I pour his breakfast. He rises at the sound of the morsels hitting the bottom of the bowl, stretches, and slides off the couch. He slowly walks to his bowl, without as much as a good morning to me, settles in front of it, and eats. It’s a rerun of every other time I’ve fed him. I watch him as he eats, not having a cat-care in the world. I wish I could be my cat for a few days.
I get the morning paper from the front porch and scan it as I make breakfast. The front page has a short mention of the trial, but at least it’s small and below the fold. I stopped reading the news coverage weeks ago. They are sporadically printing information I already know and only getting it half-right.
I finish breakfast, drop my dishes in the dishwasher, and then leave for court.
I make a couple of stops on the way and get to my seat around 9:30. I find Jackson unloading papers from his briefcase and arranging them in that obsessive way of his.
I look across the aisle and see the prosecutor do the same. The gallery slowly fills, as the onlookers greet each other and find seats. It looks more like a social gathering than a hearing.
I glance over my shoulder and survey the onlookers, wondering what they do when they’re not here. Do they work? Did they take vacation just to attend my hearing? The mental exercise passes the time.
“So, what’s holding up the judge, Jackson?” I ask.
I see small furrows on Jackson’s forehead. I have been with him almost every day for the past three weeks, and during that time, I’ve never seen him this serious. He rarely shows emotion.
Despite his exceptionally professional demeanor, I have it on good authority that he is a sore loser and is better left alone for a couple of days when things don’t go his way. I do my best not to irritate him, which is something I can do to most anyone without even trying.
He lets out a sigh, draws his next breath, stops arranging, and turns his upper body toward me. “It’s the prosecutor,” he says, in a low voice. “He won’t listen to reason. He’s up for re-election and thinks this case will put him over the top. I don’t give a damn about his re-election. He’s lived here as long as I have and has shaken or will shake every hand and will kiss every newborn baby in the county before election day. He’s been in office three terms already, but he gets this way before every election. I tried to put this case off until late fall, but he wouldn’t hear of it. Unfortunately for you, this is the only newsworthy case he has, so he has to make the best of it.”
I nod. There is little I can say to relieve the stress or change the situation. It’s a very complicated case involving not only Rich but also some influential people from another state, namely Missouri, who don’t really give a damn about Cross Creek, me, or Rich. According to Jackson, everyone has to be considered when my case is finally decided. 
I have worked with a number of attorneys during my career and will say that despite Jackson’s pleasant demeanor, he’s a bulldog and will not let go until he gets the absolute best deal. Some call it stubborn, some call it attorney ego. I call it his job.
He gives me a stern look, like a father chewing out a son. “It’s that damn statement. Unless you rescind it, we may be stuck, and I can’t put this off much longer. You realize you could do time?” he says.
“We’ve been over this,” I say.
He shakes his head. “Okay, but we have to come to an agreement on the charges, and agree on a recommendation for sentencing, or the judge will do it for us. I don’t want to hand this to the judge without an agreement,” he says.
He walks me through the charges they have agreed on, and advises me again that any agreement with the prosecutor is only a recommendation and the final decision is left up to the judge. I tell him again that I understand it now, just like I understood it the last ten times he said it. 
The prosecutor motions to Jackson, who gets up and walks to the front of the room, where they resume their discussion. I go back to doing nothing.
 “Good luck, Mitch.” I recognize that amazing scent before I recognize the voice. I look over my left shoulder, then my right, and see Cassie walking away. I watch until she sits, give her a smile, then go back to what I was doing.
Morning has turned to late morning. I sit and wait for the judge, as the courtroom gets hotter by the minute. The bailiff must have read my mind, as he moves from his spot at the end of the jury box and ambles toward the thermostat. He gives it a thump, with his index finger, then twists the control. The air conditioning unit kicks on with an audible thud, followed by a faint breeze from the vent above me.


Chapter 12
I put my chin in the palm of my hand, close my eyes, and think back to my first solo assignment, which was just over a year ago. I had been on the job about three months. I had been working with Skeeter and Bogie, learning the ropes, and studying the ways of the citizens of Cross Creek. Some of the work was actual surveillance, but most of it was leg work: court records, background checks, asset checks, and other courthouse filings. It was useful training but boring.
It was hot and humid, as I recall—typical for Texas, according to Rich. It wasn’t much different than the summers in Kansas City.
I was at the front desk, talking to Cassie, which kept my cube chair looking as new as the day it was bought.
“Getting my first solo case today,” I said. “Could be exciting. Want to get away from your desk for a while?”
“I’ve got plenty to do here, so you’ll have to go it alone.”
“Bring it along. We’re going to spend a lot of time sitting. You can do your paper work and I can watch.”
“And who’ll watch the target?”
“We have cameras for that sort of thing. No sense straining those beautiful eyes watching some guy you have no interest in—”
“When I could be watching someone more interesting,” she said, cutting me off mid-sentence. “I’ve heard it all before. I’ll just stay here and read all about it in the report you’ll send to me, no later than the next day.”
I felt a tap on my shoulder, as Rich passed behind me and continued walking. “Follow me, Romeo,” he said, motioning to me with a folder that was in his left hand.
“We’ll continue this later,” I said.
“I’ll be here.”
I left and caught up to Rich. He reached backwards and handed me the folder as we continued toward the back of the building, then out into the secure garage where our vehicles were kept.
“This is it,” he said, as he clicked a button on a remote, causing the sliding door on the passenger’s side to fly open.
He held out the remote. “The top button starts the van. The one below it unlocks both front doors. The one to the right of that opens the sliding side door. Hit it again and it closes, fast, so don’t get yourself caught in it. The doors all lock when you close them, and there’s no other way in, so if you lock yourself out, you’re screwed.” 
I looked the vehicle over. It was a white 2004 cargo van that would fit well in almost any neighborhood. It had two front doors and one sliding door on the passenger’s side. There were no side or back windows in the cargo area.
The windshield and door windows were moderately tinted. A heavy black curtain separated the two front seats from the cargo area. The curtain was split down the center to allow access between the front seats and the cargo area.
It had four 360-degree-angle video cameras concealed in the roof rack rails on top of the van, one in each corner. There was a computer box and four video monitors, which were mounted to the floor in the cargo area, arranged in a semicircle, and all facing toward the driver’s side wall. Centered in front of the monitors was a high-back, padded swivel chair, the kind that is usually mounted in a fishing boat, but this one was adapted to mount to the van floor. The van had small electric heat and air conditioning units and auxiliary batteries to power everything.
Rich was right: he spared no expense when it came to equipment.
He pulled another remote from his pocket. “And here’s the camera remote. The numbers on the remote correspond to the cameras hidden in the roof rack. Camera one is mounted on the top corner, above the driver’s seat.” He pointed to the very front end of the roof rack. “Camera two is mounted above the passenger’s seat, three is in the rear on the passenger’s side, and four is in the rear on the driver’s side. The monitors are numbered, one through four, to correspond to the camera numbers. Play with them and get used to them, before you need them.”
He went on to explain how I would know which direction each camera was pointing, based on a series of vibrations on each button, which explained how Bogie knew he got Jenny on tape without actually looking at a monitor.
He climbed into the passenger’s seat and pressed a button on the dash, causing a black panel to drop down, then he pulled a flat object from the panel.
“There’s a Microsoft Surface mounted in each one of these. It’s internet ready. Just push that button and it folds out,” he said, pointing to the dash. “You can pull it from the mount and go mobile, if you want. There’s a ‘how-to’ guide on the first screen. Read it, learn to use it, and be sure to put a security code on it,” he said.
“What, no iPad?” I asked.
“No USB port,” he replied, pointing to a port on the side of the tablet. “You can drop video from the computer onto a flash drive to display on the tablet. Dictate your report on here, download it to the flash drive, and email it all,” he said, as he pulled a hand-held, digital voice recorder and flash drive from the console and handed them to me.
“There’s the GPS,” he said, pointing to the lower driver’s side windshield. “There are three more vans that operate the same way, but they’re a different make, model, and color. You’ll have to swap vehicles if you’re on the same target more than a few days. They can’t see the same vehicle over and over. Take the one you need, but be sure to check it out with Cassie, or you’ll have to answer to her. I don’t have to tell you how much you don’t want to answer to her.”
“I will, and I don’t,” I replied, making a mental note not to violate that policy.
“Your first assignment is in that folder. Good luck, stay in touch, and get your reports to Cassie on time,” he said, as he turned and walked toward the door to the office.
I sat down in the sliding door space and flipped through the file of Target One, who was a guy named Watson. He was 46 years old and had a right shoulder injury from a car accident. He had surgery eight months prior, and his arm was still in a sling. He had been under surveillance before, but the other firm worked it a couple of months, then sent it back without explanation.
At the bottom of the assignment sheet, someone—presumably Rich—had written does he wear the sling all the time?
I got up, climbed through the curtain into the driver’s seat, shut the sliding door, entered Watson’s address into the GPS, buckled up, and drove away.
I was on his street about ten minutes later, where I did a drive-by of his home. His street ran directly north and south, and he lived on the south end. I surveyed four blocks in each direction from his address, in order to determine the best vantage point for surveillance, evaluate various means of entry to and exit from the neighborhood, and to determine if the back of his house was visible from the street behind his.
Initially, I wanted to document his daily habits and not risk being made, so I worked as far away from the target as possible—at the end range of eyeshot, where I could detect activity at his residence, but within camera shot, where I could zoom in to get the details.
The landscape in his neighborhood consisted of long, slow-rolling hills. I could only go so far before part of his house was obscured by a hill. I set up three full blocks to the south of his residence. 
I clicked on the recorder, and began to dictate.
“2:13 p.m. June 23, 2009. Arrived Jake Watson residence. Address 217 South McCue.”
There was no activity at the residence, no vehicles in the driveway, and no lights on outside the residence, which indicated he might be returning before dark. I added those observations to my dictation.
I climbed between the seats through the heavy curtain and into the cargo area of the van, where I settled into the swivel chair. I adjusted the cameras, pointing one front camera at the target’s residence, the other straight ahead to the north, and the two back cameras to the rear of my vehicle, then shot a 30-second video clip of his house, even though there was no activity.
Some years prior, I had had an investigator conduct “desk surveillance” on one of my files. He billed two days on a target, never saw the target, and didn’t take a single picture. I swore he never left his office. After that, I demanded a photo of the residence on every file. I didn’t want to be accused of that, so I followed the lesson I learned—get a picture of something.
I made mental note of my surroundings. The streets were laid out in square blocks, all going north-south or east-west.
The houses were built of brick or a brick and vinyl siding combination. Each had a driveway, some had garages, some had carports, and some had the garage built in to add on additional living space. The homes were small, probably two bedroom, judging from their size. One to three steps led up to the front door of each home, depending on the foundation. Some were built on concrete slabs, requiring only one step up, while others were built on a cinder block foundation, requiring additional steps. A rectangular piece of concrete, probably four feet square, served as a porch. Some of the porches were covered, some were not.
Many of the homes were vacant, with windows boarded or broken. It was obviously the older, poorer part of Cross Creek, made worse by the recent downturn in the economy. There were very few cars in the driveways or on the streets, since it was a weekday and most of the residents were at work, I assumed.
About three hours had passed with no activity at the Watson residence. I didn’t see a place of employment in the file, but I assumed if he was working, he would be home within the next couple of hours, so I had time to kill.
The van was low on fuel. Thinking it might be a late night, I left the area and drove to a convenience store to gas up and then find something to eat.
I pulled up to the pump, put the nozzle in the tank neck, then pulled the tablet from the dash to search for a drive-thru restaurant. That was interrupted by a text message from Rich, asking me to contact Deputy Michael Nolan to arrange a meeting. Nolan was his local police contact, a vital resource for any investigator. I confirmed his text and put Nolan’s contact information into my cell phone.
I arranged to meet him for dinner at the Crosstown Bar and Grill at 6:30.


Chapter 13
I got to the bar ahead of Deputy Nolan and took a seat in the back. It was a typical shotgun-style bar room—short from side to side, long from front to back. It was decorated in dark wood with a well-stocked bar. Glasses hung from their stems on an overhead rack that ran the length of the long bar. There was a large mirror behind the bar that stretched from one end to the other. A variety of neon signs hung above the mirror, including an interesting blue neon sign that read “No Burping at the Bar.” I could’ve guessed that to be a problem.
“What’ll ya have, honey?” came the raspy voice of the waitress, as she pulled a pen from behind her ear.
“Draft beer.”
“What brand, hon, we have over a dozen on tap.”
“Surprise me,” I said, a mistake I would not make again.
“You got it.” She stuck the pen behind her ear and walked back toward the bar.
The front door opened, and a very large man dressed in uniform walked through, practically taking up the entire width of the doorway as he entered.
He stood every bit of six foot six. He wore a short sleeve shirt that fit a little snug around his barrel chest and large biceps. His buzz-cut hair barely broke through the scalp. His uniform was sharp and neat, but not what I would call polished. I guessed him to be about thirty years old.
“Coffee, Midge,” he said, as he crossed in front of the bar.
“Have it right out, hon.”
I stood up and stuck out my hand. “Deputy Nolan, Mitch Morgan,” I said.
His hand swallowed mine as we shook.
“Mick,” he said.
“Mick,” I repeated.
“Yeah, everybody calls me Mick.”
My first guess would have been Tiny, but I was fine with Mick. It was close enough to Michael to make sense, but I had to ask. “Why Mick?”
“My little sister pronounced Michael as Mickle. My brothers shortened it to Mick. You know how that stuff goes,” he said. I did.
“Ever play football?” I asked, assuming he did, given his size and the fact that he was from Texas. It seemed like a good icebreaker.
“I played a little in high school, then four years in college. Injured my leg during my senior year, so now I’m a deputy sheriff instead of a defensive tackle.”
“Tough break,” I said.
“More than you know,” he said. “But it’s a living, and I like what I do.”
“Here’s your coffee, hon. Anything else?” Midge asked.
“This’ll do for now, Midge. Thanks.”
We exchanged niceties, swapping stories and other stuff guys swap when they’re getting to know each other.
The dumb football jock persona disappeared once I got to know him. It turned out he had a master’s degree in criminology from the top school in Texas, with an emphasis on forensics. He was involved, to some degree, in the investigation of every major crime in the county. There was no getting anything over on him, physically or mentally.
Midge returned a short time later, took our orders, then returned, plates in hand, about ten minutes later.
“So how do you know Rich?” I asked.
“I arrested him,” he said, without hesitation.
“Excuse me?” That answer was not in my top ten anticipated responses.
Mick dumped cream in his coffee cup and stirred.
“I arrested him. It was nothing big. He’d just gotten to town. He didn’t even have a place to stay yet. He parked his car in the mayor’s parking spot in front of the courthouse. I was writing him a ticket when he came out and started giving me crap about it. One thing led to another, I got tired of arguing, so I cuffed him.”
“Great first meeting,” I said. “That doesn’t normally make for a long friendship.”
“You’d think not, but just as I was about to stuff him in the back seat of my patrol car, this tiny blonde came up and wanted to have a word with me.”
“Stella,” I said.
“Yep, Stella. She started complaining about how the spot wasn’t well marked, and even if it was, it didn’t meet the specifications for a legal parking spot. I was a little shocked at it all, and truth be told, she was right, but no one had ever argued about it. So I pulled him out of the car and took the cuffs off.”
“And Rich was eternally grateful, everyone had a good laugh, and you’ve been good friends ever since,” I said.
“Not exactly. I didn’t want them to think some five-foot-nothing mouth on legs was going to tell me how to do my job, so I impounded his car and told him he could pick it up in 48 hours. I told Stella I was releasing him into her custody, and if I saw him without her during that time, I would arrest him again. She dumped some mumbo jumbo on me about abuse of power, having my badge, and first one thing then another. I figured they deserved each other, so I told her to tell it to the judge and pointed them toward the courthouse door. She grabbed Rich by the shirt sleeve and dragged him into the courthouse. I knew the judge had gone fishing for the weekend and wouldn’t be back ‘til Monday. I had his car hooked and dragged to impound and was gone before they knew what happened.”
“And did she? Tell it to the judge, I mean?”
“Did she ever. I got a chewing from the judge, and then by Roberts who told me where he was going to shove my badge, gun, and all the bullets if I ever pulled a stunt like that again.”
“Roberts?” I said.
“Sheriff Roberts. He was my boss then, but he retired. Cates is sheriff now.”
He paused to take a sip of his coffee. “I had to make a formal apology to both of them. Almost killed me, trying to get the words out, but the sheriff was standing behind me, so I had no choice.”
“How did that turn into a marriage?” I asked.
“Stella had been around here for a while. Moved here from Atlanta. She had money when she got here, then made more in real estate, so she was doing okay. Since Rich had nowhere to go, and no car to take him there, and if he did go anywhere, he had to have Stella with him, she put him up in an apartment complex she owned off Dewey Street. I think she did it just to show off and get back at me, if you want to know the truth. He stayed there through the weekend. I saw him in town a couple of times, and since he was with her every time, I had no reason to hassle them. He got his car out of hock on Monday, and they’ve been together since.”
“And they forgave you after all of that?” I asked.
“Forgave me! After being glued to each other for 48 hours, they were so in love, they would’ve forgiven Manson. I was best man at their wedding.”
He laughed, nearly breaking the table, as he leaned on it for support.
“So that’s how he got into this business,” I said.
“Sort of,” Mick said, as he continued to laugh and wipe tears from his eyes. “Rich had a white-collar security job, when he lived up north. He wanted to start an investigation company, and had the money, but didn’t know anybody, had no connections. Stell had connections, he had the know-how, they turned it into a business, and they’ve been at it ever since.”
“That’s quite a story,” I said.
“It’s my best. They are great people, and I would do anything for them.”
We laughed about it a little longer then got down to business.
“So, how does this work,” I asked. “What do I do when I need help?”
“It’s pretty simple. You got a target?”
“One,” I replied.
“What’s the name?”
“Watson,” I said, showing him the file folder. “Jake Watson.”
Mick pulled the photo from the folder and held it by its right edge, between his thumb and index finger of his right hand. He stared at it for a minute, and then began dribbling the opposite edge off the palm of his left hand. His forehead wrinkled and his eyes squinted as he studied the photo.
“Oh. That guy,” he said, as the wrinkles disappeared. “He lives on McCue, I think.”
“That guy?” I said. His tone told me more than his words. “What do you mean that guy?”
“Funny thing. He moved into town over a year ago. Nobody really knows what he does, other than he owns a few rental houses and has some interest in the hardware store up the street. Got into a car wreck up north and hurt his shoulder. He had surgery a while back. Last time I saw him he was sporting a sling, so I guess he still has a problem with it. I don’t know much about him other than that, but my personal feeling is, he’s crooked.”
“Ever met him?” I asked.
“Once. Roberts pulled him over for speeding. I was providing back up and stopped at the scene. I did more listening than anything else. Seems there were a couple of guys in the car from up north. Detroit, I think.”
“Business associates?” I said.
“Sort of. The sheriff thought they were associates, but in the wrong kind of business. He didn’t have anything more than speeding on him, so he wrote him up and let him go.”
He took another sip of coffee and stared at the photo.
“Cates was head of the drug task force then. He thought Watson was dealing drugs and involved in other illegal activities—prostitution maybe. He arrested some of Watson’s henchmen but could never get Watson. They either disappeared before trial or kept their mouths shut and did little or no time. They wouldn’t give him up.”
“Fear,” I said.
“Yeah. One ended up dead, but they couldn’t tie it back to Watson. Cates swears Watson is behind it all. We’ve had a spike in crime, mainly drugs, since he got to town. That brings in all the other problems: prostitution, theft, homicide. We’ve always had our share of crime, but nothing like we’ve had since this guy blew into town. To tell you the truth, Cates became obsessed with him, got too close. Almost lost his job and family over it. So he left the task force and took over as sheriff, when Roberts retired.”
Mick was fixated on the photo.
“Interesting,” I said. “Wonder why he’s screwing around with the insurance company over a shoulder injury? He should’ve been out of that sling months ago.”
“Don’t know, but if there’s money in it, he’ll do anything to get it. It’s the way these drug guys are. If they can make a buck in a scam, they’ll do it, no matter how small. They buy drugs with that money, to support their habit, or they flip the drugs for a profit.”
We chatted a while longer and finished our meals. Mick had to get back on duty, and I had to get back on Watson. We swapped business cards, I paid the check, and we walked outside.
“Thanks for the meeting. I’m sure I’ll need something sooner or later,” I said.
“Call me any time. And thanks for dinner.”
We shook hands, and then walked opposite directions to our vehicles.
“Hey,” yelled Mick. “Cates is usually right about this stuff, so watch your back. Watson’s a bad guy, and McCue is in a bad neighborhood.”
“Thanks. Will do,” I yelled back to him.
We both got in our vehicles and left.
I had a target, a law enforcement contact, and surveillance equipment. I was in business.


Chapter 14
I drove back to Watson’s neighborhood. It about 8:30 p.m., and daylight was just turning to dark.
A variety of vehicles were parked sporadically along the curb, from one end of the street to the other, so I fit right in and could get a little closer to his house than if the street were empty. I parked two blocks to the south of his residence, with the passenger’s side of the vehicle against the curb, on the opposite of the street. I was facing north, so I could see his house from the front seat of the van.
I pushed the button to pop the tablet from the dash, detached it, and pressed the start button. I opened a web browser, logged in to the Callahan Agency website, then clicked on the background search link.
According to the county records, his home had 3 bedrooms, 1½ baths, but no garage. It was one of the largest, if not the largest, home on McCue. He purchased it just over a year prior.
I had guessed he was not into social media, and it looked like I was right. Nothing on Facebook, Twitter, or any of the usual sites. There were no criminal records in the system under his name.
I placed the tablet back into the mount and snapped it back into the dash. Then I began dictating. 
“June 23, 2009, 8:30 p.m. Arrived at Watson residence.”
His house was one of seven on that block. It sat in the middle with three homes on each side. There were no vehicles in the driveway, but the bright front porch lights were on, lighting up the front yard all the way to the street. I dictated that information along with a description of the residence.
I climbed between the seats to the cargo area, sat in the swivel chair, and turned on the cameras. I aimed the driver’s side front camera at Watson’s residence, the front passenger’s side camera straight north, and both rear cameras to the south.
I worked the cameras. As Rich explained, each camera would rotate a complete 360 degrees, so I could aim any camera in any direction. The cameras and monitors were all digital, hi-def, and were as clear as watching close up with the naked eye.
I had been there about two hours when a black 1995 Chrysler New Yorker four-door sedan turned onto the north end of the street, drove toward me, and pulled into Watson’s driveway. I zoomed in, got the tag number from the vehicle, and emailed it to Cassie to run for ownership.
A man fitting Watson’s description got out of the driver’s side of the vehicle. He was easy to identify as he walked into the front porch lights. He was a white male of average height and build, wearing loose-fitting, light brown khaki pants, a dark brown patterned camp shirt, and brown loafers. He had dark hair combed to the side, hanging just slightly over his forehead, but neatly cut above his ears and above the collar. It was not quite a military cut, but close.
His hair was shoulder length, in the file photo, and pulled back into a ponytail. There was snow in the background. It appeared to be a surveillance shot that was definitely not taken in Cross Creek. He had a black sling supporting his right arm, which bent to a 90-degree angle at the elbow and came across the front of his stomach.
He entered the residence and turned on a light in the front room.
About ten minutes later, a red 1997 Ford Crown Victoria four-door sedan came from the south end of the street, passed my van, and stopped at the end of Watson’s driveway. I pulled the tag number from that vehicle and sent it to Cassie.
The driver and a passenger exited the vehicle and walked toward Watson’s front door. I zoomed in on them as they walked. They were both large men, standing over six feet tall, and had wide chests and big arms. Both had shaved heads and wore pullover shirts, jeans, and sneakers. They looked like your standard, off-the-rack thugs.
They went inside and were there about 20 minutes before they came back out, carrying a medium-size gym bag. Both the driver and occupant were very aware of their surroundings, looking in all directions for any activity, as they walked back to their vehicle. The driver opened the trunk and put the bag inside, then they both got in the vehicle and drove away.
The target exited the residence about 30 minutes later and walked across the street to the house on south corner of his block. He went up the three steps to the front door, unlocked it, and went inside. A light came on in the front corner room. The windows were covered with bed sheets rather than actual curtains. The house appeared to be vacant. I assumed it was one of the rental houses Mick mentioned.
I rotated the passenger’s side front camera toward the house and zoomed in on the window to the right of the front door. There was a small gap between the window sill and the ill-fitted bed sheet that would have allowed me to see inside, if I had a better angle, but that would’ve put me too close to his house.
I could see his shadow against the sheet that covered the window as he moved back and forth, but I couldn’t tell what he was doing.
After about ten minutes, he turned off the light, exited, locked the front door, and went back across the street to his residence. He was also very aware of his surroundings, looking up and down his street several times as he walked. I shot video until he disappeared inside.
It was close to midnight. I dictated the time and latest information, noting he was wearing the sling at all times and had not given any indication that he could use that arm outside the sling.
The street became busy with sporadic traffic, all with the same pattern. A vehicle would enter from the block north of Watson’s residence, stop on his block but across the street, where a person would walk out from one of the houses, lean on the inside of the driver’s side window for less than a minute, then go back inside. The vehicle would go to the next block, turn, and leave the area. I counted seven different cars that stopped at three different houses, all in the span of 45 minutes. Definite drug activity.
It was about 2 a.m., and the lights were still on at the Watson residence. I could see the TV playing in the front room through a slit in the curtains. Another vehicle approached from the north end of the street and stopped at the end of Watson’s drive. I zoomed in and focused. It was the same vehicle and the same two men that were there earlier.
They both got out and met Watson on the front steps of his residence. The driver handed an object to Watson, who immediately stuffed it inside his arm sling. They spoke for a few minutes, then both got back into their vehicle and left. Watson went back inside.
I dictated that activity. It was all a little curious, considering it was 2 a.m. I thought Cates was right about Watson. The drug activity was not part of the investigation, but I made note of it in my dictation, just the same.
I was intrigued by all the activity and the fact that some of it was going on at his house, so I stayed with it.
I was sitting on the edge of the swivel chair adjusting and staring at the video, focused on the activity to my north and trying to stay awake, when BAM BAM—something struck the side of the van. It sounded like someone hit it with two bowling balls. I half jumped and half fell from the chair to the van floor. My first thought was gunfire, but the sound didn’t fit.
I lay in a prone position in silence for a couple of minutes and then glanced at the monitors. There was no activity to the north or south and no vehicles coming or going. I grabbed the remote and rotated the driver’s side rear camera to the driver’s side of the van. I scanned the houses on that side of the street, the spaces between the houses, and zoomed in on any objects that could hide the assailant. Nothing.
I checked the other monitors and noticed the light was out in the front room of the Watson residence, and his vehicle was gone. He was there when the van got hit. I ran various scenarios through my mind. A few more minutes passed with no activity. 
I rolled to my side and looked up, expecting to find bullet holes in the van, but there were none. My heart was pounding, and I was sweating. I rolled to my stomach, and pushed up with my hands into what looked like a bad attempt at a yoga position. I looked and waited. It was quiet.
I pulled my knees under me, crawled through the curtain and between the front seats. I looked through both side mirrors, but there was nothing unusual on either side. No dogs barking, no front lights on at the surrounding houses, and no lights being turned on to search for the source of gunfire. But what numbskull would actually stick his head out, if he heard gunshots. And were those gunshots, or something else?
I waited, thinking someone was going to pound on the side of the van and demand I come out. It was dead quiet. I slowly climbed into the driver’s seat, started the van, and eased away from the curb, making an immediate right, so as not to go through the area where the curbside activity had taken place.
I was still sweating, and my back ached from diving to the floor. I drove about five miles before I pulled into a convenience store and parked a few spaces down from the front door. I sat and gathered my thoughts, as I processed what had just happened. My heart rate slowed. I grabbed a paper towel and wiped my face.
A man came out of the store and walked toward the van. He looked at me and looked at the side of the van. We gave each other the head-nod greeting. He smiled a bigger smile than I thought was necessary, got into his car, and drove away.
I finally pulled the door handle, opened the door, and got out. My legs wobbled as I stood. I had been assaulted, spit on, thrown, cussed, and threatened, but never shot at. I took a couple of deep breaths, turned, and walked to the back of the van. Then I saw it—two large splatters on the side of the van, one a phosphorescent green and the other black.
They were close, but not overlapping, except for the outermost splatters. They both spread out against the white-colored van. I stood for a minute and processed what I saw.
“Paintballs?” I finally said aloud. “Who the hell shoots paintballs at a van in the middle of the night?”
I turned in slow circles and shook my head, as I mentally ran through the possibilities. It must have been kids, shooting at whatever was around. That was the only explanation.
I sat sideways in the driver’s seat with the door still open. The van was still running and the air was blowing full blast. I turned in the seat, closed the door, drove around to the car wash, washed the van, got back in, and drove home.
I dictated on my way home, leaving out the paintball incident.
I got home at 3:30 a.m. Sampson was still where I’d left him. I showered and went to bed.
Sampson jumped up on the foot of the bed and walked toward the top, where he stopped on my chest, sat, and stared me in the eyes. He was too heavy to sleep there, and I was not a back-sleeper, so I scratched his ears, and rolled him off to my right as I turned to kill the light. He made cat circles and eased down in the center. I fell asleep, thinking more about the paintballs than Watson.


Chapter 15
I was up early the next morning and walked into Mabel’s café just before 8 a.m. The café was a large square room with booths on both sides, tables in the middle, a kitchen door in the back, and a large rectangular opening over the back bar that allowed a full view into the kitchen. The front of the restaurant was plate glass from top to bottom and provided a view of the courthouse.
I took a seat at a booth in the back on the right, facing toward the front of the café.
“What’ll it be, dear?” asked Mabel.
“Couple scrambled eggs, piece of dry toast, two strips of bacon, and coffee,” I said.
She scribbled on the pad, walked to the opening to the kitchen, clipped my order to a metal wheel, spun it around, and yelled, “Order up.”
I pulled the local paper from the menu holder. There was very little earth-shattering news in Cross Creek, so reading it was more to acclimate myself with local events than to educate myself on national or world events.
I had gotten to the sports section when Mabel returned. “Here ya go, dear.”
“Thanks, Mabel.”
I ate and continued to read. The breakfast rush had come and gone, so it was me, a couple at a booth near the front, and three men, who came in between the social calendar and sports sections of the paper. They had taken a table in the middle of the restaurant.
One of the men turned to get Mabel’s attention. I first noticed the black sling on his right arm, followed that up to his face, then to the faces of the other two men. It was Watson and the two men in the Ford from the night before.
Mabel took their order and left. Watson pulled out a piece of paper, laid his right arm, still in the sling, across the table, and began to write. They had a whispered discussion, as Watson wrote on the paper. He covered it with the slung arm when Mabel approached.
I motioned to Mabel and pointed at my coffee cup, which she immediately refilled.
“I’ll just leave this here,” she said, laying my check on the table.
“Thanks.” I handed her a twenty, told her to keep the change, and continued to study the men, my curiosity far past the scope of my assignment.
About 20 minutes had passed when Watson raised his good arm and summoned for the check. I got up, walked out of the café, crossed the street, and took a seat on a sidewalk bench in front of the courthouse.
They came out about five minutes later, made a right out of the restaurant, walked down two storefronts, and entered the hardware store that Mick had mentioned.
They walked to the back of the store and out of sight, blocked mostly by the writing and signage on the store windows. I got up, crossed the street, went into the store, and perused the items at the end of a row in the front of the store. I listened for their conversation, but their words were masked by the voice of Willie Nelson coming from the overhead speakers. They were arguing, I could tell that much.
I could see the reflection of the two men standing on either side of Watson, as well as Watson himself, as he poked his finger at the clerk. I picked up a hanging tool from the shelf and walked to the front of the store, just in time to see Watson release a fist full of the clerk’s shirt. They all watched me with extreme interest as I approached.
“Excuse me. How much is this, and does it come in any other colors?” I hadn’t paid attention to what I picked up until I had asked the question.
The clerk gave me a strange look. “It’s $14.99, and no, chisel sets generally come in only one color—black.”
I stared at the package, and slowly nodded, pretending to ponder his answer, knowing for a fact that chisels are made with different-colored handles, and thinking I should have given my pretext a little more consideration. I didn’t argue. “Okay. Thanks,” I said.
I took a quick glance at the faces of all four men. “Y’all have a nice day,” I said, then turned, walked to the front of the store, placed the tool back on the hook, and walked out.
I wasn’t sure what was going on, but it certainly wasn’t just hardware sales. I pondered the possibilities. Was the store a front for something illegal, or was Watson nothing more than a hothead owner having a heated discussion with an employee?
I crossed the street, got into the van, pulled the tablet from the dash, and quickly researched the hardware store.
Bernard Rahlston, age 57, was the owner and had been in business for several years, but if it was anything like the construction business, I guessed it fell on hard times and he sold out, but I couldn’t find information on the new owner.
The man behind the counter was no older than thirty, so he was not Rahlston.
I closed the tablet, put it back in the console, and waited for the men to come out.
My cell phone beeped, alerting me to a text message:
Have rush job on work comp claimant. Last name Morgan. Back injury. Spoke to Cassie. Said to email direct to you. Should have within 30 minutes. Thks, Maria.
I guessed Rich was right when he said there must be a thousand Morgans in the county. I had to get one as a target sooner or later. And I could identify with the bad back.
I texted her back and gave her my encrypted email address, which contained digits and numbers, rather than any part of my actual name. That was another Rich idea, which started after a target got the email address containing the name of an investigator, got his home address, and harassed him until Rich pulled him from the case. Now the adjuster only gets our first name.
I emailed Cassie to let her know I had been contacted and that I would get the file material to her once it was received. She confirmed.
I laid my cell phone on the console and turned my attention back to Watson and his cronies. The three men came out, stood in front of the store and talked for a bit, then walked to their vehicles, Watson to his and the other two to the Ford. They got in and drove off in separate directions.
I backed out of my parking space and tailed Watson at a safe distance.
I turned onto his street, four blocks to the south his residence, and got within eyeshot, just in time to see him walk up the steps and enter his house. His arm was still in the sling. He may have been up to no good, but I had no evidence to indicate he was malingering. Staying focused on my assignment—his shoulder injury—was becoming more difficult.
I drove out of his neighborhood and to a business parking lot, where I dictated an update on his file.


Chapter 16
I had just completed my dictation on Watson when my phone buzzed. It was the email from Maria, the insurance company adjuster.
I retrieved the tablet from the console, pulled up the email, and reviewed every detail of the incident report. He was 35 years old and had injured his back while lifting an object. He had been off work for several months. There was a photo from his personnel file, which was over five years old and wasn’t a great picture, but absent some drastic change in appearance, it was clear enough to make a positive identification.
There was not a specific assignment, and no specific time or dollar budget. It was a rush job, so I assumed that would follow.
I stared at the address and photo, as I thought out my next move. According to Callahan company policy, I had to make my first contact within twenty-four hours of assignment. This was a rush assignment, meaning the adjuster expected immediate contact, and a report shortly thereafter. I laid the tablet on the passenger’s seat, and drove to Morgan’s neighborhood, where I surveyed a four-block area surrounding the address.
I parked the driver’s side of the van against the curb, on the opposite side of the street, three blocks to the east of his residence, to shield my front cameras from the glare of the mid-morning sun. I was actually parked on the wrong side of the street, but it was a common practice, evidenced by other vehicles parked there, so I assumed I would be okay.
I picked up the tablet and typed in the address – 416 West Bond Street. The home was 1,500 square feet, two bedrooms, one bath, and a one-car garage. The owner was a Justin Meeks.
There was a for rent sign leaning against the side of the garage, giving the appearance of a newly-rented home.
There were no vehicles in the driveway. The front porch light was off, which indicated he came back early that morning or had left for the day and would be back before dark. Or maybe it indicated nothing at all.
According to the file, he was receiving weekly wage loss payments from the insurance company, which meant he was not working, or at least, he was not supposed to be working.
The neighborhood appeared to be pretty middle class. The housing design was consistent throughout the neighborhood. Every house had a garage. All were brick or a brick-siding combination, which seemed to be common materials for residential construction in Cross Creek.
Each had concrete steps with a standard iron hand rail, which led up to a covered porch, which ran from the edge of the garage at the left end of the house to the right end of the front of the house. Rocking chairs, patio chairs, and other outside furnishings were on most porches.
Many of the houses had basketball hoops affixed to a backboard, above the garage or on a pole, buried adjacent to the driveway. There were bicycles in the yards and driveways, which completed the picture of a family-friendly neighborhood, totally opposite of the Watson neighborhood.
I picked up the recorder. “June 24, 2009. 10:32 a.m. Arrived at Morgan residence.”
I dictated my findings, clicked off the recorder, climbed between the seats, and eased into the swivel chair. My back still ached from the duck-and-cover action the night before. I aimed and focused my cameras to the front and rear, aiming the front passenger’s side camera at the Morgan residence.
The street began to fill with neighborhood kids, who were out of school for the summer. The sound of kids playing, dribbling, and shooting basketballs, riding bikes, and doing other summertime kid stuff, filled the air.
I turned on the air, leaned back in the swivel chair, and watched the monitors. A lawn mower started in the distance, followed by a second one, which was much closer. My rear cameras picked up two men pushing mowers across their yards.
A water sprinkler came on in the yard adjacent to my van, making the sound of light rain as the water drops struck the sheet metal on the driver’s side. I soaked in the sounds of summer.
I thought of the paintball incident, thinking I could have just waited and had the sprinkler wash off the paintball residue, rather than going to the car wash.
I continued to watch the monitors. The powerful cameras easily defined the smallest of objects, including a golf ball lying in the grass, about a hundred feet from where I sat. I could read the name on the ball. It was just slightly larger than a paintball…which should have shown on the video.
I grabbed the computer mouse, clicked the media player icon, pulled up the surveillance video from the night before, and scanned it. I went frame-by-frame, until I reached the frame where the video shook, from the impact of my body hitting the van floor.
Nothing. Whoever did it was either not within camera shot or had damn-good camouflage. Watson’s neighborhood was very dark. I could see faint images of the paintballs, as they neared the van, but not enough to determine the trajectory with any accuracy. I gave up after 30 minutes.
It was close to lunchtime when I broke off surveillance. There were still no vehicles in Morgan’s drive and no activity at the residence. I dictated an update, noting I would continue surveillance.
I clicked off the recorder and tossed it into the passenger’s seat as I climbed through the curtain, and into the driver’s seat, then drove out of the neighborhood toward Watson’s residence.
I had made my first contact on Target Two, but I couldn’t tear myself away from Watson.
I stopped by a drive-thru restaurant and ordered the Number 1: a burger, cola, and fries.
I arrived at Watson’s home at 1:07 p.m. His vehicle was in the driveway. The front porch lights were not on. I dictated my findings.
I set up in the same place as before, got my lunch, parked myself in the swivel chair, ate, and watched the monitors.
A lady and her dog jogged from the north end of the street, past my van, then to the next block to my rear, where they made a right at the corner, and jogged out of sight. The neighborhood was quiet, except for the occasional car. It was a working-class neighborhood. I assumed most of the residents were at work.
I had been there about an hour when Watson exited the residence and walked to his vehicle, his arm still in the sling. He opened the trunk with the free hand, reached in, retrieved a small bag, and then went back inside. I made note of his activity and the fact that he did not use that arm in any way that would indicate he had recovered.
Another hour had passed when a red mid-2000s Camaro came into the rear camera shot, passed my van, and stopped at the end of Watson’s driveway. The driver got out and opened the trunk of the Camaro. I noted the tag number, dictated that information, and emailed it to Cassie.
Watson exited the house with the bag he retrieved from his vehicle, dropped it into the trunk of the Camaro, and got in the passenger’s seat.
I started the van’s engine just as they pulled away from the curb.
I waited for the Camaro to turn on the next block to the north of Watson’s residence before I moved. I drove forward, took the first right, and sped to the next intersection.
I looked to my left and saw the Camaro at the intersection of the next block. It went straight. I did the same, maintaining a two-block interval but running parallel to the Camaro.
We both reached the next intersection at the same time. The Camaro made a right on Main Street and passed in front of me. I waited then turned right.
I picked up the camera remote and aimed the front cameras straight ahead as I kept pace about 20 car lengths back. They drove about five minutes then pulled into a medical office complex. I pulled in at the next entrance and located the Camaro, which had backed into a parking space, across from an entrance to the building. I pulled into the first available parking space, behind a row of cars, about fifty yards from the Camaro, but facing toward it and the building. Watson had just exited the vehicle and was walking toward the building.
His movements became slow and guarded, as he neared the building, a contradiction to his movements during past surveillance. He kept his arm in the sling and close to his body as he opened the door with the free hand, looking more disabled with every movement.
I noted the address: 5524 East 3rd Street.
The driver rolled down his window and lit a cigarette. I grabbed a multi-grain bar and a bottle of water and munched on it while the Camaro driver chain-smoked.
Watson exited the building 45 minutes later, got into the passenger’s seat, and they drove away.
I followed the Camaro at a distance toward Watson’s residence, but the driver passed the turn into his neighborhood. We had gone about five miles, when I saw the brake lights illuminate and the left turn signal flash. Traffic cleared, and the Camaro turned into a storage facility.
I made a mental note of the facility: U-Store-It. I passed by, just as the driver of the Camaro punched the keypad to gain entrance to the facility.
I turned into the next business parking lot, about 100 yards from the storage facility entrance. There were no other buildings between me and the facility, so it provided little cover, but it did allow me a side view of the property. I centered the front cameras on the gate area and waited.
The storage facility was surrounded by a black wrought iron fence, standing about ten feet tall, with spear-like rung toppers and strands of razor wire. The office was adjacent to the entrance gate. It was constructed of cinder block, with blue metal trim across the top.
Behind that were several long buildings, also constructed of cinder block and the same blue trim. Each unit had a door or garage door, painted blue.
At the rear of the facility was a large parking area, which contained large trailers, RVs, and other assorted vehicles.
After about 20 minutes, I saw the Camaro pass between the back of the office building and the first storage building, moving in the direction of the gate. I lost sight of it, but it came back into view seconds later as it nosed through the gate on the other side of the office. It proceeded to the end of the driveway and stopped on the far right side. The vehicle was slightly angled away from me, as if to turn back toward the Watson residence, so I couldn’t see Watson.
The driver paused at the end of the drive then pulled out into traffic. I pulled the van into gear and moved toward the parking lot exit. I waited impatiently for traffic to clear, as the Camaro began to fade from sight. I turned right and gassed the van, as I craned my neck and searched for the Camaro.
Suddenly, a black SUV pulled out from the storage facility and made a left turn in front of me. I stood on the brake. The brake pedal pulsated, as the anti-lock brake system kicked in. I stopped within inches of the rear door on the driver’s side. The driver was looking to the right and never saw me coming. I stared at the back of his head and waited for him to turn toward me, so I could glare at him as he passed. He turned. It was Watson. My glare was replaced by an open mouth and slack jaw at the sight of Watson driving the vehicle.
He never made eye contact or gave any indication that he saw my van 
He finally got out of my way. I shook it off, sped to the first available parking lot, made a looping U-turn, gassed the van to catch up, then slowed to his pace, several car lengths behind him, and leaving several cars in between us.
We were three miles past the storage facility when I saw the left-turn signal on the SUV light up. It stopped for traffic then turned into a subdivision. I slowed, so I could watch the vehicle as I drove by.
There was a large brick-and-mortar sign in front of the subdivision that read Parkway Estates. It was a gated community—a very expensive gated community.
I watched the SUV clear the gate and make a right turn at the first street in the subdivision. I was far enough behind that I had pulled even with the SUV just as it turned. I watched the SUV pass between the houses, until it didn’t. I made a mental note of the back of the last house before I lost sight of his vehicle. The car behind me was leaning hard on the horn, so I sped to a business parking lot that was adjacent to the property line of the subdivision, pulled in, and parked.
I racked my brain, as I tried to make sense of what had happened. I had to know more about what was behind those gates, and what Watson was doing there.
I could see the entrance to the subdivision from where I parked, but it was an eye-stretch to make out the faces of the drivers as they passed through the gate. I needed intel. I called Mick and left a message, then drove back toward town.
It was after five, so I pulled into the next drive-thru to grab a burger.
“Can I help you?” asked the gravelly voice, coming from the speaker inside the clown’s mouth.
“I need a number one with pickles and mustard,” I replied.
“You want cheese on it?”
“No, thank you.”
“What about onions. You want onions on it?”
“No. Just mustard and pickles.”
If I wanted cheese and onions, I would have asked for cheese and onions, I thought.
“Would you like fries with that?”
“No ma’am.”
“Brimbk?”
“Pardon me?” I said, unable to make out the distorted word.
“Drink. What do ya want to drink?”
“Uh, large diet coke, please.”
“A large shake. Will that be all?”
“No. A large diet coke!”
I hated drive-thru’s and was pretty sure the idiot teenagers inside pretended not to understand me, just for a laugh 
“You want that with the shake?”
“No. Just the diet coke!”
By that time, I was leaning out the window of the van, my head almost in the clown’s mouth, as I contemplated a punch right in his big red nose.
“Pull around to the first window, please.”
I leaned back inside, pulled around, paid, and inched up to the next window, behind a lady with a car full of kids, who were bouncing from one side of the back seat to the other. Sacks of food began to emerge from the window, and she took them and distributed them to various occupants inside her vehicle.
I checked my phone for a text from Mick, anxious to tell him about the storage facility and the subdivision. Nothing.
The lady and her car full of kids finally pulled away. I took her place in front of the window.
“How are you, sir,” said the teenager, who had a face full of acne. I attributed it to all the grease floating around inside the restaurant.
“Fine,” I replied.
“Here’s your order. Have a nice evening.”
He handed me two sacks of food and slid the window shut. I drove away.
I got up to speed, then pulled my burger, diet coke, and shake from the sacks, and put them all into the cup holders on the console.


Chapter 17
I had time to kill as I waited for Mick to call back and needed to log some activity on Target Two. I arrived there ten minutes later. 
Darkness was still a few hours away, so kids were still playing outside. I set up three blocks to the east of the address, on the opposite side of the street to avoid the kids and to blend in near a few vehicles that were parked nearby. I was near the end range of eyeshot, but the cameras would compensate.
The front porch light of the residence was on. There were no vehicles in the driveway and no sign of activity. I shot a short video of the front porch to show the light was being turned on and off and that someone was clearly coming and going.
I picked up the recorder. “6:08 p.m. Arrived at Morgan residence.”
I dictated my findings, or lack thereof, then climbed through the van into the back and settled into the swivel chair. I focused the cameras on the residence 
My cell phone beeped. It was a text from Mick. 
got ur message mitch. what’s up.
need to meet on watson. new info. whens a good time.
just started my shift. how bout breakfast in the a.m.
sure. Where.
mabels. 730.
see you there. i’m buying.
even better.
I detached the tablet from the console, downloaded some of the Watson video, then leaned back to watch the monitors.
About 20 minutes had passed when a blue pickup truck came into view from the west end of the street and drove toward me. It slowed then pulled into the target’s driveway. A man exited the driver’s side door. He was on the other side of the vehicle, but I had a shot from the waist up, as he walked toward the residence. He climbed the steps, unlocked the front door, and went inside.
I considered him carefully. The general description fit. He was several pounds heavier, but that could be attributed to a sedentary lifestyle from being off work. He’ll do, I thought.
About thirty minutes later, the front porch light came on. The man came out, closed and locked the door, came down the steps, then walked over to the side of the garage, and picked up the for rent sign, which was leaning against the house. He dropped it into the bed of his truck, got back in his truck, and backed out of the driveway. He stopped to wait for the kids to move from behind his vehicle, which gave me enough time to push through the curtain and get in the driver’s seat. He was out of the driveway and pulling away, just as I started my engine.
The tailgate was down, so I couldn’t make out the tag, but the vehicle looked to be a late 2000s Chevrolet.
I pulled away from the curb and had gone about 100 feet when I made a sudden stop to avoid a ball that rolled in front of the van. Then I waited while a very slow-moving teenager crossed to get it, then crossed back. The blue truck made a right, three blocks in front of me, then went out of sight. I made my way through the sea of kids and followed his path, but I lost sight of him at the next intersection, which was a busy cross street.
The street had small businesses lining both sides for a couple of miles in each direction. I made a right and searched, turned around, and searched the other direction, but the truck was nowhere to be found. I needed more, but at least I had something to send to the adjuster.
I went back and set up again. I dictated the latest information and noted that the man in the blue truck fit the general description, and it appeared he may be working a night job, since he was only home a short period of time and turned on the front porch light when he left. That was the best I could do at that moment. He didn’t return, so I terminated surveillance at 10:00 p.m., drove to the corner to gas up the van, then went home to prepare for my meeting with Mick. I fell into bed at around 11:30 p.m.


Chapter 18
The last lines of “Back in Black” blared on my radio, followed by an announcement that AC/DC would be paying at Gillette Stadium on July 28th. Great news, if I lived in the Boston area and if I actually wanted to see to AC/DC in concert. Neither was true.
I showered, dressed, fed Sampson, then drove to Mabel’s to meet Mick for breakfast.
I took a booth in the back. “What’ll it be, hon?” asked Mabel.
“Coffee, a couple of scrambled eggs, and a couple of pieces of bacon, please.”
Just then, Mick stepped through the front door. “And whatever he’s having,” I said, pointing toward Mick, as he approached the booth.
Mick sat on the other side of the booth. “Hi, Mabel. Give me the usual, please.”
“You got it. Order up!” She yelled, as she ripped the page from her pad, clipped it to the metal ring, and spun the ring a half turn.
Mick pulled a couple of napkins from the holder and mopped his forehead. “Heat’s gonna kill me before summer’s over.”
“Tell me about it,” I said. “Not much different than a Kansas City summer—hot and sticky.”
“So, you got something new on Watson?” he asked.
I opened the tablet and pulled up the video. “Video of Watson, going into a storage place with this guy, then driving out in a late-model SUV.” I started the video player.
“The guy in the Camaro came out and turned back toward town. I was following him, when that fool Watson pulled out of the storage facility right into my path. I stopped a couple of inches from his door.”
The cameras were aimed straight ahead. Mick jerked back out of instinct as he watched the SUV pull out in front of my van.
“That was close. He never saw you,” he said.
“I made a U-turn and caught up to him just as he was turning into that gated community,” I said, pointing at the tablet.
“That’s Parkway. You got Watson going into Parkway?”
“Yep.”
Mick stared at the tablet. “There’s not a house in there worth less than half a mil. What about the house on McCue?”
I flipped through the video files and started the player. “You mean this one? That’s his house. He drives the car that’s in the driveway, or he did, up until yesterday.”
“Yeah, that’s the house. When did you shoot this video?”
“Yesterday. He left with a guy in that Camaro and went to a medical clinic on East 3rd. He was there about 45 minutes, then came out, got back in the Camaro, and rode to the storage facility. About 20 minutes later, the Camaro came out. I started to follow, assuming Watson was in the passenger’s seat. That’s when Watson came out of the storage facility and drove from there to Parkway. I let the Camaro go, turned around, and followed Watson.”
“I’ll talk to Cates about it, but I don’t think he has any of this shi...stuff.”
I looked at him and grinned. He looked annoyed.
“Trying to break a habit, and don’t give me any crap about it,” he said.
I tried to hold my emotion to a smile but broke into a short laugh. I had seen that same look on Rich’s face and assumed Stell was at the bottom of it, but it was funny just the same.
“When you going back out?” he asked, ignoring my laugh.
“Tonight,” I said. “I have to send a report to the company on Watson and a new assignment.”
He ran the video back and forth, studying Watson and the driver of the Camaro.
“Rich sure has nice equipment. You could spot a gnat on a fly’s back with this stuff,” he said, as he played with the video.
“By the way, I was in here for breakfast the other day when Watson and two other men came in and sat at a table up front. These are the two guys that were with him.” I took the tablet and pulled up another video. Mick studied the men.
“Don’t recognize anyone but Watson,” he said.
“They were discussing something Watson had drawn up on piece of paper.”
“Do you have IDs on the other two?”
“Not yet. Cassie’s running the tag numbers.”
Mick nodded, as he stared at the video.
I continued. “So they left here and went two doors down to the hardware store. I went in behind them and pretended to shop. I couldn’t hear their conversation, so I grabbed something off the shelf and took it to the counter to ask a question. I walked into the aisle just in time to see Watson let go of the clerk’s shirt.”
“What was the fight about?”
“There was no fight. Looked like Watson and associates had an issue with the clerk,” I said.
“I’ll see what I can find,” said Mick, as he continued to run the video back and forth.
“Who’s your other case?” he asked, without looking up from the tablet.
I paused. “Guy named Morgan. Has a comp claim, a back injury.”
“Like we need another Morgan in this county. Must have a thousand of ‘em here by now. No offense,” he added, practically in the same breath.
“None taken,” I said. “Rich said the same thing. Address is a rental house not far from here. I’m just getting started on him, so I don’t have a lot to go on. It’s probably a move by the adjuster to get leverage, to settle the claim. I’ve done it myself a few times. I’ll wrap it up in a few days.”
We ate as we discussed Watson. I paid the check, and we left. Mick was going home to get some sleep. I drove to the Morgan house to get more video.


Chapter 19
I set up in the same location as before. The front porch lights were not on and there were no vehicles in the driveway.
His vehicle could be in the garage, or he could have already left for the day, but the porch lights were out, which could mean he would be back before dark. It was all conjecture, but I needed something for my report, and that was all I had.
“June 25, 2009. 9:17 a.m.,” I said into the recorder, then noted my findings.
I made myself comfortable in the swivel chair, focused the front passenger’s side camera on the Morgan residence, the rear passenger’s side camera to the rear of the van, and the two driver’s side cameras toward the homes on my side of the street. I zoomed the driver's side cameras out a little. I didn’t want the powerful lenses to give an eye exam to anyone that may look out the windows, of the houses adjacent to the van.
My phone beeped. It was a text from Cassie wanting the photo and initial report on Morgan. I told her I would get it to her and that I was on that case at that moment. She confirmed. I set aside plenty of time to work on the Morgan file, hoping the blue truck would reappear.
There was very little activity, other than kids playing from one end of the street to the other. A couple of vehicles passed, followed by an older couple, who appeared to be out for a morning walk. I watched the house until 12:30, with nothing more to report. This was a rush case, the adjuster expected a report within a couple of days, and I had to make some tough decisions on exactly how to handle it.
I dictated a report, including a plan of action on future surveillance, noting I had little to go on, thinking that would buy me more time. I had Watson practically modeling for the camera but could get nothing more than a blue truck and a person fitting a general description on this case. I needed something, anything, more than I had, or someone would be calling.
I terminated surveillance, left the area to grab lunch, returned, and set up again. I was there until 6 p.m. and still saw no sign of the blue truck.
I dictated an update for nothing more than confirmation of my billed hours, terminated surveillance, and drove away.
I drove up and down the busy street, where I last saw the blue pickup, desperate for any video, but gave up on that after an hour. I drove home to take a break and feed Sampson.
I walked in to find him curled up on the couch. He awoke, climbed down, and walked to his food bowl. I poured a salmon-flavored meal into the bowl and watched him eat. I ate cold chicken from the fridge, as I thought how detrimental this job was to good eating habits.
I left and drove back to the Watson residence.
I dictated. “8:17 p.m. Arrived at Watson residence.”
I parked three blocks from his residence, barely within eyeshot. I surveyed the neighborhood, comparing the McCue and Parkway addresses, trying to ascertain some reasonable explanation for his living at both.
I sat in the driver’s seat and looked down the street, taking in the details of each home. Some had windows broken out or boarded up. Others had dark curtains or sheets covering the windows. I guessed about two out of ten houses were vacant.
Most of the lawns of the vacant houses hadn’t been mowed all summer. There were for rent or for sale signs, partially obscured by tall grass, in most of the yards.
Oddly, the only vacant house with a semi-manicured lawn was the one Watson had gone into. In fact, it was the best-kept lawn of any vacant house on the street. Yet there was not a sign in the front yard to indicate it was for rent or sale.
I grew more suspicious of him, partially because of that arm in a sling, eight months post-surgery, but more from apparent criminal activity.
I could see his house from where I sat. His vehicle was in the driveway, and the front porch lights were on.
It was close to 10 p.m. when the area suddenly became very active again. People walked in and out of several houses, most of which I had assumed were vacant. There were more people and vehicles than before. I watched the obvious drug activity, but Watson was not a part of it, or at least, there was no sign of him, and no one was going in and out of his house or the rental across the street.
It all stopped about an hour later, and the streets were quiet again.
My phone beeped. I had a text from Mick.
if you are at watsons on mccue, get out now. explain later.
The van was still running. I pulled it into drive, took the next right, and drove out the neighborhood.
I drove two blocks and reached the main road, just as a line of black SUVs entered the area. Three turned into the neighborhood a few blocks to my left and three turned in a few blocks to my right. I gassed the van, left the area, and stopped at the next convenience store.
I texted Mick.
can we meet?
yes. front of crosstown. Only have a few minutes.
I drove to Crosstown Bar. Mick was there, sitting in his squad car.
I got out, walked to his vehicle, and sat in the passenger’s side. “What the hell happened?”
“Got an anonymous 911 call around noon today about a body in a ditch on a gravel road, outside of town. One of our deputies responded, then called me. The guy had been shot, then pushed out of a vehicle that was traveling at a high rate of speed. He rolled and landed in the ditch. I got there before they bagged him, shot some photos, took a few measurements, looked for evidence, that kind of thing.”
I sat in silence, waiting for him to tie the death to the Watson neighborhood. He picked up his digital camera, clicked on a couple of photos, then handed it to me. I studied the photo of a man with a shot to the head, blood running down one side, lying on his back in a ditch. 
I stared for a minute before it hit me. “That’s my guy…the Camaro driver.”
“Yep. I didn’t recognize him at first, but something about him was familiar. We got an ID on him, ran the usual, and found he owned a red Camaro. It came together from there. Watson may have been the last one to see him alive, and you have that on tape.”
“So, they’re serving the warrant now?”
“Yep, on his house and the three blocks north and south of that. That place is a drug haven, has been for a while. I found out about the raid this afternoon. I told them about our meeting, the dead guy, and Watson. They moved the bust up a few days, so they could catch Watson in the net. Told them you may be in the area. Drug task force leader wanted you out before they hit. They’ll rattle every door and run every car tag on the street. Guys will be climbing out the windows of those vacant houses and running in every direction.”
“I appreciate that heads-up,” I said, still looking at the picture of the dead guy on Mick’s camera.
“I didn’t want them banging on your van and hauling you in. Rich hates making the news,” he said.
“How the hell do you do this?” I asked.
“It’s not that hard. Just point and press, and it takes the picture.” 
I figured he saw crime every day and was somewhat immune to it all, so his mistake was understandable.
“No, the dead guy. How do you ride around with a guy one day, then kill him the next? I don’t get it.”
“Oh, that. Sorry.” He paused. “Ah…it’s…just the way they are. No heart, no soul, all business. It’s how they were raised or how they were trained. It’s all part of the business and they are used to it,” he said. He seemed to struggle to understand it too.
“I have video of some of the activity and about a dozen cars, if that will help. Does Rich know?” I asked.
“Yeah. I called and told him about it, in case you got trapped before you got out.”
“Think Watson is going to jail?” I asked.
“I think Watson had his guys do it. That’s his M O. They can search his house all they want, but he’s not holding and won’t get arrested. He’s not dealing that close to home, he’s too smart for that. He’ll think he was searched just because the entire neighborhood was searched. The upside for you is that with the place cleaned out, he may drop his guard when he’s there.”
“Maybe so,” I say, as I hand him his camera. “Guess that’s one less thug on his crew.”
“He’s got at least a dozen guys working this county. He’ll have another chauffeur by tomorrow,” he said.
“So do you have any solid evidence to link Watson to this guy?”
“We have one witness. Says she saw a white four-door sedan coming out of that road, just after noon. There were two men inside, but that’s all she could say. No descriptions, no tag number, nothing but a white four-door car. A database search would turn up too many to investigate.”
“Guess I’m done for the night. I’ll get the video to you in the morning. Let me know if I can close my file on Watson,” I said.
“Unless I miss my guess, Watson will be snug in bed before you kiss your cat goodnight.” He smiled. 
I grimaced. I needed to find human companionship. It was on the list.
I got in my van and drove home.


Chapter 20
“We are in recess until 1:30 p.m.,” the bailiff announces.
I glare at Jackson. He shrugs his shoulders and answers before I can say a word. “I don’t know, but I will find out before this afternoon. I have to go back to the office and prepare for another case. Can I bring you something to eat?” he asks, as he stuffs papers back into his briefcase.
“I’ll grab something out of the machine and just wait here.”
“Suit yourself.” He lifts his briefcase from the table and walks toward the exit.
I’m tired and aggravated from the constant delays and negotiations, not to mention the cost per hour for Jackson’s services that would put me in debtor’s prison, if there were still such a thing.
I watch the stenographer cover her machine, stand up, gather up the beauty products she has pulled from her purse, and stuff them back inside. She pushes her chair underneath the desk and clops across the wood floor as she digs into her purse.
I hear the onlookers grumble as they make their way to the exit. Despite their complaints, they always come back.
I watch the door close. Everyone is gone, except the local newspaper’s court reporter, who is leaning on the inside corner of the wall, at the back of the courtroom, scribbling notes on a pad. He has asked me for a statement twice, but Jackson shut him down both times, so all he can write is what he sees. NEWS FLASH: Defendant Twiddles Thumbs as Court Drags On. Film at 11. That’s some exciting headline.
He pushes himself off the wall with his elbow and walks toward the door as he continues to scribble. He turns and backs through the door as he writes, rolls to his left, and walks away. The door closes and I’m alone again.
I can’t get the Camaro driver out of my mind. Death is bad enough, but that kind of death is hard to take. I’ve never understood the criminal mind, and probably never will. Must be better than punching a clock, but retirement doesn’t seem to be an attainable goal for most criminals—they seem to have a very short life span.
I lean forward, put my face in the palms of my hands, and doze lightly, not asleep but not awake.
After a few minutes, a voice pipes up behind me. “How ya’ holdin’ up, hon?” I recognize her voice, but it startles me, just the same.
I drop my hands from my face and take a deep breath to wake myself. “Hi Stell,” I say, as I turn in my chair to face her. She’s sitting up straight on the edge of the first row bench with her purse and hands in her lap. I detect the look of empathy in her eyes. I hate that look, but I am glad to see that face.
“Guess this is going to be over soon enough,” she says.
“Yeah, that’s what Jackson tells me, but he’s been telling me that for the last week.”
She pauses, looks down, fiddles with her purse, and takes a deep breath. “You know he’s not mad, he’s hurt.”
She hasn’t wasted any time getting to what is most important to her, and she’s not going to let it go. She looks up and awaits my response.
“It’s hard to tell the difference between mad and hurt sometimes,” I say. “Even if I wanted to talk to him, I can’t tie him down and make him listen.”
“You should’ve told him. It wasn’t a big deal, until now. He would’ve helped you.”
“Probably, but I didn’t. I don’t dump my problems on others. I take care of myself. Always have.”
“You men and your stubborn egos. He won’t talk to me about it, you won’t talk to him about it, he’s miserable, you’re miserable, and you’re both making me miserable,” she says, her empathy replaced by aggravation.
“He knows the whole story by now, so what’s to discuss,” I say.
“I know the whole story, and I can promise you, he doesn’t. He deserves to hear it from you. You don’t have to ask him for anything, but I want you to talk to him…for me,” she adds.
That one hurt. I look up from staring at my hands. She is staring me directly in the eye. She has inquired, hinted, asked if I plan to, but never directly requested I do it. This is important to her.
I nod my head, not necessarily agreeing or refusing, but letting her know I hear her request.
“You have my number,” she says.
“I do. Thanks.” That was all I could say.
She stands, and I see her feet leave the floor, as she stretches over the banister that is at least half her height. She hugs my neck tightly, almost choking me, then drops back down to the floor, smiles, and leaves the courtroom.
I should feel better, but I don’t. If I leave—or worse, am dragged away—without a word, I’ll let her down. She has been good to me. I owe her that much.
I get up and walk to the break room to find something for lunch. I scan the vending machines, plug several coins into the candy machine, and press E1. I watch the coil push my Snicker bar toward the front of the machine. It stops just before it can fall off the edge. My first thought is to bash the hell out of the front glass, reach in, and take them all, to make up for the other times this has happened. I must be the only human on earth that can’t get a vending machine to do what it was built to do: vend.
I grab the machine by the top corners, give it a jolt, and the Snicker bar falls to the bottom.
I take it from the machine, then plug five quarters into the soda machine. I press the Coca-Cola button, listen as my drink drops to the bottom, then raise the flap, and pull out…a Sprite. I walk back to the courtroom, sit at the table, enjoy one half of my lunch, and tolerate the other.
I glance at the clock on the wall. It’s one of those big round school clocks with a second hand that makes an audible click each second as it circles the clock face. Sixty clicks for every minute—3,600 clicks for every hour. I begin to count the clicks, then stop.
Court is in recess for another hour. I lean back in the chair, close my eyes, and think back.


Chapter 21
I had been on Watson and Morgan for a couple of days and had sent in short reports, as required. I had not seen the blue truck except for that one time, and I was getting a bit desperate. My rush assignment had bogged down.
I got to the office early that particular morning to change vehicles. I had all but ran over Watson and didn’t want to take the chance that he actually saw the van, so I changed from the white Chevy to the red Ford van, then drove toward the Morgan residence.
I stopped at the light at Main Street and James Avenue, to let traffic pass, so I could make a left into the neighborhood. It was close to 8 a.m., so traffic was still a bit heavy. It finally cleared, and I turned, just as the elusive blue truck came out of the street I was turning on, and made a right, going the direction from which I came. I sped to the next intersection, made an illegal U-turn, and drove back toward Main Street, where I impatiently waited for traffic to clear, then turned right and worked my way through the left and right lanes of traffic. I got to the end of the business area and still had not caught up to him. I turned around and backtracked, thinking he may have turned into one of the businesses.
I drove to the other end of Main Street, where I turned around, and then drove back toward the neighborhood, disgusted that I let him get away again, discouraged that I had nothing more to report.
I parked across the street, against the curb and a block to the east of the residence.
“8:34 a.m. Arrived at Morgan residence.”
The porch lights were on. I note that one of the two lights had burned out. There were no vehicles present.
I was running out of time and had to make a decision. I weighed my options: meet with Rich and try to explain, or buy time. I would decide before the end of the day.
I climbed between the seats and into the swivel chair. I aimed and focused the cameras: front passenger’s side toward the residence, rear passenger’s side directly behind me, two driver’s side cameras toward the houses on my side of the street.
Two hours passed with no activity. I dictated an update and laid the recorder next to my chair.
The trash truck was making its weekly pickup and was coming up the street toward me. It was an interesting process. The driver would stomp the gas pedal, causing the engine to roar, and the truck would move about fifty feet, where he would stomp the brake, causing the truck to screech to a halt. The two men standing on the back corners of the truck, holding on for their lives, would jump off, grab trash cans from their side of the street, dump them into the rear of the truck, return the cans, and then get back on the truck, where the driver would stomp the gas pedal and start the process all over again. It was a well-timed operation.
The truck stopped in front of the target’s residence, seven houses from where I sat. I zoomed and focused the cameras on the trash truck, the driver, and the trash men, as much for practice as to relieve boredom.
I focused on the men on back of the truck as it passed. There was something odd about the one closest to me. I zoomed in and stared at the monitor, but couldn’t put my finger on it.
I watched the rear monitor as the truck passed and went behind me.
I opened the video player and studied the face of the man, as I ran the video back and forth, first in slow motion, then frame by frame. I replayed at normal speed. Then I saw it. The trash man closest to me looked at the van, for a split second, and threw me a barely noticeable chin wave—that slight tipping back of the head and throwing out of the chin that every man does. But his was different. I had seen it before. I replayed the video and zoomed in on his face.
“It’s Cam!” He was disguised as a trash man.
He always threw a chin wave when we met, but his head had an odd tilt to it. That must be his tell.
He knew I was working this target, recognized the van, and accidently gave himself away.
I wondered what he was doing there. I was not aware of any other surveillance in the area, but his target could have been miles away or could have been on the truck with him. It was a great disguise, but I couldn’t wait to tell him I had made him…or maybe I wouldn’t.
I watched the truck until it went out of sight, then turned my attention back to the monitors and continued to watch the target’s residence.
I picked up the recorder and dictated the morning’s activity, leaving out the Cam sighting.
Another 45 minutes had passed with no activity, other than the neighborhood kids amassing a couple of blocks away. I watched the monitors, leaned back in the swivel chair, and had just gotten comfortable, when BAM BAM.
“Dammit!” I leaped out of the chair, tore through the curtain, and got into the driver’s seat.
I looked in the side mirror and saw the exact same paintball colors, in the exact same place, and with the exact same pattern as before. I looked in all directions but couldn’t see anyone with a paintball gun.
I climbed back in the swivel seat and opened the video player. There was no sign of anyone on that side of the van. I slowed the video to a crawl, then to frame by frame. I saw both paintballs come toward the van, then disappear as they dropped out of the bottom of the camera shot and struck the van.
I reversed the video, frame by frame, until I could no longer see the balls, then followed the trajectory to some bushes between two houses. The bushes were about 20 yards from the curb. I couldn’t see anyone or any movement.
My heart was racing. I attributed the first incident to being in the wrong place at the wrong time, but the second one was no coincidence. I was someone else’s target.
“Cam.” He was right in front of me and knew I was there, but he didn’t know I knew he was there. He could have easily jumped off the truck on the next block over, ran through the back yards, ripped off a couple of shots, cut back through the yards, and jumped back on the truck.
I searched the video a bit longer, but finally gave up, climbed into the driver’s seat, and drove to the car wash again.
I rinsed the van and wondered if the other investigators were “hazing the new guy” and if “the master of disguise” was the shooter. I had pulled my share of practical jokes, so it made sense.
I finished rinsing the paint off the van, grabbed a paper towel, and wiped the camera lenses. It was 12:30 when I finished. I had a 1:00 p.m. appointment with my back doctor and had missed the last two appointments, so I couldn’t miss another. That was very upsetting to some people, and they let it be known. It was okay to keep me waiting an hour past my appointment time without so much as an apology, but I didn’t dare miss an appointment.
I drove to the clinic, parked, and walked to the building. As I pulled the door open, the glass caught the reflection of a truck with dark-tinted windows, pulling into the parking lot. My stomach dropped, but then I realized it was probably the competition watching another target. I checked in, picked up an out-of-date magazine, and settled in for the duration.
I was finally put in a small exam room, where I waited another 30 minutes before the doctor came in.
It was the normal drill: strikes with the hard rubber hammer below my kneecaps and to the Achilles tendons to test reflexes; sit up straight and raise the right leg then the left leg to check for a pinched nerve; walk on my toes; walk on my heels; touch my toes, just to see if I could; do the hokey pokey; and finally set up another appointment on the way out the door, all of which I did. Doc appeared annoyed that I had missed the last two appointments, but I was annoyed that he had left me waiting, so we were even.
I pushed the glass door open and walked toward my van. The truck with the tinted windows was gone. I climbed in the van and drove to a drive-thru to pick up a late lunch, which they managed to get right for once.
Watson wouldn’t be moving around until much later, so I went home, fed Sampson, and settled into my recliner to catch a quick nap before going back out.
I awoke to the ring of my cell phone. An hour had passed. It was Cassie.
“Hello, beautiful,” I said.
She got straight to the point. “Rich wants a copy of the Morgan file. I don’t have anything on it, and the adjuster called Rich upset that you haven’t found him.”
“What did he tell the adjuster?”
“I don’t know, but they talked for some time, then Rich closed the door and got on the phone with someone else.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know, but the adjuster is not happy, and Rich is not happy, so you better have something to him before morning.”
“I’ll get it to him tonight,” I said.
“Mitch, this is serious. Don’t forget.”
Cassie was always as smooth as silk. I had never heard an anxious tone in her voice, until that call. It was time to put my cards on the table.
“Don’t worry. I’ll handle it.” We hung up.


Chapter 22
It was 5 p.m. I had been living on fast food for the past two days and needed something home-cooked. I got a steak from the freezer and laid it out to thaw, coated a baking potato with olive oil and salt, wrapped it in aluminum foil, and put it on the gas grill.
I worked on my report for an hour, then took the steak out back and dropped it on the grill, low heat, sat at the patio table, and continued to work.
I finished the report an hour later, just as the steak and baked potato were done. I added a salad and some iced tea and ate.
I dropped all the dishes in the dishwasher, then took a last look at my report. It was more detailed that the ones before, but I left out the information I wanted to tell Rich in person. I attached that and what little video I had to an email and saved it. I planned to send it later, then meet with him the next morning. I had to come clean and had no idea how he would react.
It was 9 p.m. when I got in my van and drove toward Parkway Estates. I hadn’t gone to the Parkway address yet, mainly because I couldn’t get beyond the gate. Possibly, there was something to be learned there.
I drove by the entrance and took note of the two guards at the front gate. I located the back of the house, where I last saw Watson’s SUV. He had gone through the gate and turned at the first street on the right. The back of the houses on the right side of that street were exposed to the highway. Possibly, he was in one of those.
There was an open field between the highway and the wrought iron fence that extended from the entrance gate all the way around the sub-division and back up to the exit gate on the other side. I parked at a retail business parking lot, about 100 yards past the guard shack entrance, adjacent to the field, between the fence line and the highway. I estimated 50 yards from the highway to the fence, another 15 yards from the fence to the back yard property line of the houses, and 20 yards from there to the back door of the houses.
The area between the other side of the fence and the backyard property line was landscaped and included various shrubs that stood about four feet high.
I dictated on Watson’s file. “9:30 p.m. Arrived at Parkway Estates. Possible alternate address.”
It was hot and humid, so I took a big gulp of water, then tossed a stick of gum in my mouth for extra hydration. The nose of my van was pointing directly toward the guard shack. I turned on the front cameras, then got out of the van and walked toward the fence line.
The hard ground was covered in weeds. I walked to the corner of the fence, stopped, and surveyed the area. I stood and watched the guard shack as I planned my next move. I counted the houses. The target was the third house from the end closest to me.
The houses were built on very similar floor plans. Each had a swimming pool that was only a few steps from a large sliding glass door that led to a game room inside. Beside the glass door were large, ceiling-to-floor glass panels that provided a view to the pool and provided me a clear view into the target house.
The area from the highway to the back of the houses was very dark. The pool lights barely lit the area between the pool and the bushes inside the fence. It would create a backlight, so I crouched to blend my silhouette into the bushes to avoid detection by the guards or passersby on the highway. Crossing one foot over the other, I glided down the fence line, keeping my body turned toward the houses and below the bushes as I moved.
I scanned each house as I moved toward the target and took quick glances to my left and behind me to ensure some burly guard was not coming my way. The windows in the guard shack were heavily tinted, but the light inside showed the outline of two bodies, so I felt safe from the guards.
I made my way to a spot just behind the target house, crouched behind the bushes, and surveyed the houses on either side, looking for the SUV or Watson. I saw a person moving in the house to the left, but there wasn’t enough light for positive identification. He walked from the shadows into the dimly-lit game room, then through the open glass doors and into the lit pool area…where I realized that he was a she.
She walked about 20 steps from the back of the house and stopped adjacent to the end of the pool. She was carrying a beverage mug in her right hand. She placed her free hand around the other side of mug, slowly lifted the mug, placed it against her lips, tipped the mug slightly, and took a long, slow drink. The lights from the pool provided a faint light upon her face. She had a sultry stare, as she peered over the top of the mug, through the fence, and out to the guard shack. She appeared to be waiting for someone, or hoping for someone.
She had on a very thin sleep shirt that was open in the front. She was clothed underneath, but not much. I was frozen in my tracks, for reasons completely unrelated to being discovered by the guards. I assumed she knew she was visible from the highway. I also assumed she didn’t care.
She lowered the mug to elbow height and scanned first the highway, then the entrance gate. After a minute, she turned and walked back inside. I stood like a creepy voyeur, staring at the spot where she disappeared from the light, until my attention was drawn to a new light in the targeted house, followed by the sight of a very large flat panel TV being powered up.
I cleared my head and focused on more the pertinent, but less exciting activity from the targeted house. The TV was huge. The channels began to change, but I couldn’t locate the channel surfer.
I saw someone walking in a room to the left of the large game room. He came into the game room and into the light. The channels continued to change. It finally stopped on the Texas Rangers baseball game. It was the top of the 7th, Padres coming to bat, Rangers ahead, 10-2.
The man tossed the remote into a chair, then walked through the glass doors. He flipped a switch that lit up the pool area, and to my surprise, there stood Watson, without the sling.
“Dr. Watson, I presume.” I was giddy. Such witty rhetoric.
“Bravo, Holmes, you’ve done it!”
I gasped and swallowed my gum, which lodged in my throat. I began to choke and thought that was where it would all end. A hard slap on my back knocked me to my knees and dislodged the gum. The gum fell to the ground, and I followed. I was on my knees, choking. I caught my breath, then looked up and saw the large, unmistakable silhouette of a man, which was outlined by the light from the guard shack.
“Dammit Mick. You trying to kill me?” I said, in a forced whisper, as I continued to cough.
“It fit the ‘Dr. Watson’ comment rather well, don’t you think?” he said, obviously proud of his retort.
“Yeah, you’re a regular Shakespeare,” I said, as I got to my feet. “And get down before the guards see you!” He crouched, but he was wider at the shoulders than any of the bushes, so it was of little use.
I turned back to Watson. Luckily, he had gone back inside and was sitting in a chair, watching the game.
“What are you doing here?” I asked.
“Same as you,” he said. “Just got off work, got curious about Watson, and drove by to see what’s up. I spotted Rich’s van in the parking lot, got out my binoculars, and spotted you doing some sort of dance step down the fence line. You got pretty good moves, Fred,” he said.
“Nice of you to notice, Ginger. Did you bring anything with you that may be of use, besides your snappy comebacks and old movie star references?”
“Yeah, I ran the Parkway address, and it comes back to a guy in Detroit by the name of Abernathy. I ran his name, social, date of birth, hat size, and about everything else I could think of, but he came up clean. He owns the storage facility where Watson picked up the SUV. I’m still checking to see if there’s a connection to Watson, other than Watson using this house.”
“What about the hardware store?” I asked.
“Yeah, that place was ready to close before the owner, Rahlston, refurbed it and sold it. Nice enough guy. He bought the place several years ago and did okay, I guess, but he was probably glad to unload it. According to Cates, he retired, put his house on the market, and he and his wife moved to Florida. I don’t have all the details, but Abernathy bought it. Can’t see it turning a profit, since a new Home Depot is going up less than two miles from there,” he said.
“So what ties Watson and Abernathy to the hardware store, the storage facility, this house, and the house on McCue?”
“Don’t know, but I went by the hardware store today, on a pretext, and asked to speak to the owner. The clerk told me he was out of town and only came in once a month. I told him I would check back later and left. I didn’t want to push it. I’ve got some more digging to do, but I have to keep it quiet, since I don’t really have a reason to be involved in this,” he said.
“Guess he was clean on the McCue Street bust,” I said.
“As a whistle,” he replied.
“Well, he’s watching the game, which is now...11-2, Rangers, bottom of the eighth, so he’ll be here for another inning,” I said.
Mick looked over the bushes and into the game room. “That’s one big TV. Don’t think I could get that thing into any room in my house. Make it 12-2. They just scored again.”
We both watched, as we took more interest in the TV and the game than Watson.
“This is a little creepy. Let’s get out here before we get arrested,” said Mick. We both walked across the field back toward our vehicles.
“I lost my gum.” I said.
“Want to go back and look for it?”
“I’m good.”
We got to the parking lot and stomped the Texas dust of our shoes. “I’m going to wait on the game to end, then drive back to the McCue residence,” I said.
“Okay. I’ll talk to Cates and see what he knows about this place,” said Mick.
We got in our vehicles. Mick pulled away. I dialed in the game and assumed he would be on the move when it was over.
The game ended. I waited. Watson drove through the gate about ten minutes later. I pulled out of the parking space and turned onto the highway at the same time as Watson and followed him to the storage facility. I passed just as he punched in his code, but I kept going. I had seen that act before, but in reverse.
I drove toward the McCue address. My interest had changed from his injury claim to his criminal activity, which was not what I was hired to do, but any criminal activity would help in establishing his lack of credibility on his injury claim, so they were both related, as far as I was concerned. Besides, I still didn’t have clear evidence that he had healed from his surgery. I saw him beside the pool, without the sling, but I couldn’t very well snap a photo from behind the bushes.


Chapter 23
I drove past the Watson residence, made the block, and came back around to my usual spot, but the city had begun digging up the utility lines. Heavy equipment was on both sides of the road, blocking my view. I drove past that and parked on the corner across the street, on the same block as the Watson residence. I was directly in front of the vacant house that he had gone into before. I was close, way too close, but I didn’t really have another option. The south end had obstacles obscuring my vision, and the north end was not much better. There were a few vehicles parked just in front of me, and I had changed vehicles, so I felt secure for this one night. I would survey that area again when I came back.
I climbed through the curtains and into the swivel chair.
“11:17 p.m. Arrived at Watson–McCue residence.” His front porch light was on, but his vehicle was not present. I dictated all the information I had gathered at the Parkway address, including the information on Abernathy that I received from a “confidential source.”
I aimed the front driver’s side camera at the Watson residence, the rear driver’s side camera to the rear, and both passenger’s side cameras at the vacant house adjacent to my van. I was within rock-throwing distance of Watson’s front door.
I had promised Rich the video and report on Morgan, so I pulled up the email I had completed earlier, pressed send, then turned my attention back to Watson.
About 30 minutes had passed when the Ford sedan, noted in past surveillance, approached from my rear, stopped at the end of the driveway, and turned off its lights. Watson exited the front passenger’s side, his arm in the sling. The vehicle driver and a backseat passenger exited the driver’s side. It was the same three that I had seen at Mabel’s.
All three crossed the street, walking within a few feet of the front of my van. Watson took a quick look at my van and the vehicles parked in front of me but kept moving toward the vacant house. They went out of the driver’s side camera shot and into the passenger’s side camera shot, which was aimed at the vacant house. Watson unlocked the door and all three entered. A light came on in the front room.
I dictated and referenced the vacant house as a possible rental property owned by the target.
The street was quiet, probably due to the recent bust.
A second vehicle came from behind me and parked at the end of the driveway, behind the Ford sedan. It was the late model SUV Watson drove into the storage facility. A man who I recognized as the clerk from the hardware store exited the passenger’s side, crossed in front of the van, and went inside the vacant house. The SUV then left the area.
I focused the two side cameras on the house. The sheet over the front window did not quite fit, so it left a three-inch gap at the bottom, then tapered to a point as it went up the left side of the frame. I zoomed in on the gap and identified Watson by the sling on his arm. I zoomed in tight and stopped just before the shot blurred. I had a clear but thin shot of him from his left mid-thigh up to his mid-chest area. I picked up the recorder and dictated the events as they occurred.
Suddenly, Watson pulled a knife from his sling, then dropped the sling to the floor. There was hurried movement, crossing from one side of the gap to the other, that continued for less than a minute. The action moved from my right to my left, as I faced the house, crossing the gap to the area behind the front door. There was nothing in the gap but the wall on the other side of the room. I leaned into the monitors and waited for more movement. I refocused the cameras. Something was going down. My heart raced. I scanned the monitors. No activity on the street. The only sounds I could hear were my heartbeat and my own breathing.
I saw a faint shadow on the far wall, but nothing more. I clicked the recorder off, laid it on the floor, leaned into the monitor, and waited for someone to come into the gap.
It was hot. I turned the air on high, watched the monitor, and gripped the remote in anticipation of activity, but there was none, only the faint shadows on the wall.
I glanced at the other monitors for any other activity in the area. The streets were still deserted. I sat frozen and waited for whatever was going to happen. I should’ve driven away, but I didn’t.
Sweat ran in beads down the side of my head, then down my face. I reached for a towel, as I fixated on the gap.
I couldn’t sit any longer. I adjusted the cameras, picked up the vehicle remote, took a deep breath, wiped the sweat from my face, then climbed through curtains to the driver’s seat. I sat and stared out the front window, took a beat, then eased out the driver’s side door onto the street. I pushed the door against the frame, then leaned against it until I heard it click shut.
I walked to the rear of the van then over to the curb, where I stood and stared at the gap. There was still no activity. I crouched and walked on the street, following the curb, until I was on the side and even with the front of the house. I couldn’t see anything through the gap from where I stood.
It was a dark night. The only light on the street came from every third street lamp or so. The other lights were either blown or broken, mostly broken. There was not a working light within a hundred feet of me, in any direction, so I was barely visible, if at all.
I was half-bent over, to avoid detection, and my head was swiveling, rotating from left to right to ensure no one was walking up on me, or worse, taking aim at me.
I stood still and pondered my next move. There were bushes about three feet tall, spaced around the front and side of the house.
I had to go forward or backward. Standing where I was would no doubt be detrimental to my health. I slowly lifted my left leg and placed my left foot up over the top of the curb, where I stopped, my foot suspended in air, as it waited for my brain to tell it to drop to the top of the curb. I was indecisive, a bad habit for an investigator.
I stepped down on the grass between the curb and the sidewalk, putting my weight on my left foot, as I dragged my reluctant right foot up and over the curb behind me. My right foot landed, snapping a small branch, causing my heart to skip a beat. I took a deep breath, then skulked towards the corner of the house.
I stopped about three feet from the corner and squatted, first looking at the window frame through the gap, then at the front door, then to the vehicle at the end of Watson’s driveway. I did a 360-degree scan of the area to be sure I was the only one around. I was, or at least it was so dark that I couldn’t see anyone between me and the closest working street light. But I could’ve walked right over the top of someone and never known it. It was just that dark.
Sweat was streaming down my face, as I eased toward the corner of the house.


Chapter 24
I glanced at the van, thinking I should creep back the way I came, get in the van, drop it into neutral, coerce it down the sloped street until I was out of earshot, start it, and drive away. That thought left as quickly as it came. I was too far in to stop. I moved to the corner of the house and eased to a spot behind a bush, just underneath the front window.
I slithered my upper body up the wall, like a snake on a tree branch, and eased my nose over the ledge of the outside windowsill, until my left eye was in front of the gap at the bottom of the window. I leaned to the right to get a glimpse of the area behind the front door. I could see Watson, who held a knife in the hand that was once supported by the discarded sling.
I could see more of the room from up close, including portions of the two men that followed Watson into the house. They stood either side of the clerk. I had seen enough mob movies to know how this scene would end. The guy in the middle would be named “The Victim” in the movie credits, and the two guys on either side of him would be named “Goon 1” and “Goon 2.” Rounding out the cast of characters would be the target, also known as “The Boss.” I believed the victim was about to get whacked. I also believed it was time for me to get the hell out of there, and time to get someone with a badge to take over. I did neither. Instead, I continued to peer through the gap.
They moved, and I got a glimpse of the three faces across from Watson. The clerk’s arms were bent at the elbow, his hands extended palms up, body language that suggested he was apologizing, or better yet pleading, as he was continually interrupted by Watson. I could hear the harsh tone in Watson’s voice and some of the words, but not enough to understand the argument.
Sweat continued to drip from the end of my nose onto the windowsill, as I fixated on the men in the room. The clerk and Watson continued to argue and the goons continued to bookend the clerk.
Watson turned, walked toward the gap, and stared directly at me. I froze and shifted my eyes to the left, without moving any other muscle in my body, as I waited for a goon to appear on the front porch to drag me into the house and make me “Victim 2.” That didn’t happen.
The clerk walked toward Watson, as he continued to plead his case. The goons kept in step with the clerk.
The goon closest to me gripped the handle of a very large nickel-plated gun that was tucked into his front waistline. I couldn’t see the hands of the other goon, as the gap was not quite that wide and he was blocked by the clerk.
I could hear my heartbeat inside my head, as I leaned to the right to peer through the gap. Suddenly, a scuffle broke out. I scrambled to see what was going on, as I leaned left then right to watch the action through the thin gap.
The goons wrapped their arms around the left and right arms of the clerk. They were directly in front of the gap. The clerk wrestled free and lunged at Watson. I heard two deep thuds that I assumed to be fists connecting to body parts.
By then, I was standing straight up, the upper part of my six foot three frame above the window sill, as I pressed my face against the glass to get a better view. Without warning, the sheet was ripped away and slid down the window. The clerk’s face slammed into the window and followed the path of the sheet. I felt a bump against my face as his crashed into the glass, our faces separated only by the thickness of the glass pane. I leaned back.
Blood gushed from an open stab wound to the heart. His eyes were open but non-responsive, as his face continued its slow slide down the glass, smearing blood as it went. It was the face of pure death.
He had reached the floor before we all realized the clerk’s last-ditch effort to escape left us all exposed to each other. The light from the naked bulb hanging from the ceiling shined fully on my face.
The goons and Watson had the proverbial “deer in the headlights” look, staring wide-eyed at me. I was probably looking at them the same. We all stood in a dead stare, frozen in our tracks.
I shook it off, turned, and ran faster than any man my age should ever have to run. I pressed the van remote. The passenger’s side door slid open. I dove in through the narrow gap and pressed the close button, which caused the door to close just as my feet cleared. I pressed the start button, scrambled to my knees, then up to the driver’s seat, jerked the shifter into drive, and stomped the accelerator. I glanced at the front door of the house to see Watson attempting to re-hang the sheet and the goons jumping from the front porch and running in my direction.
I saw them in my side mirror in the glow of my brake lights, as I slowed to make a right turn at the next street. I heard BOOM BOOM BOOM as bullets ripped through the metal van. One went through the passenger’s seat and into the padded dash on that side. A second ricocheted and went through the roof, above my head. A third nicked the passenger’s side mirror, causing it to crack in several places.
I made the next left. I saw headlights sweep across the street from which I had just turned. I made the next right and continued to zig-zag my way to the main road, then toward the interstate that separated the east and west sides of Cross Creek. I took the first entrance to the interstate, stomped the accelerator, and drove up the northbound on-ramp.
I entered the interstate, traveling at least the posted speed limit. I looked left, just in time to hear a long, loud horn blast from a semi-truck as it clipped my driver’s side mirror and caused it to crack. I jerked the wheel to the right to avoid being hit by the trailer.
I gathered myself and turned on my headlights to avoid another collision. I moved to the far left lane and attempted to act normal, which was hard to do given the holes in the back of the van, the cracked mirrors, and the face of a sweat-drenched driver who had just witnessed a murder and didn’t want to be next.
Where do I go? I weighed my options, as I scanned the headlights behind me and looked for the grill pattern of the Ford sedan, but they all looked alike. It only made it worse that both of my side mirrors were cracked, which made two headlights appear as four.
I had seen their faces and could pick them out of a line-up with one eye tied behind my back. Unfortunately, they could do the same, or alternatively, identify my body at the morgue. I could also identify the victim—his face was a sight I would never be able to erase from my mind.
I continued to drive north to nowhere. I picked up the phone to call Mick but saw only red bars—my phone was dead. I looked at my watch. About 30 minutes had passed since I got out of the van. I had put very little distance between myself and Watson’s goons. I had to get somewhere to compose myself.
I ran scenarios through my mind. They couldn’t trace me, even if they got the tag number off the van, since it would come back to a shell company that could not be tied back to Rich or to the agency. I continued north as I eliminated one possibility after the other.
I couldn’t pull off the highway, knowing the goons and all their goon friends were searching for me. I didn’t want anyone to see a shot-up van and ask questions.
I could go to the police. But what if they were involved? Cross Creek is a small town, and those things happen. Cates knew nothing of Watson’s Parkway address. Maybe there was a reason for that. Paranoia was replacing common sense.
I had the video and had to get it to Rich before something happened to it or to me. I had to find a place where no one would ask questions, but not so desolate that there was no help around. I could handle one goon in a fight, but not two with very large guns.
I continued to drive and think. A parking garage. It was late at night. I could hide between a couple of vehicles, download and send the video. But where? The airport: Too far, too many cops, TSA patrolling, people coming in and out. Public parking: Empty parking lot, no cover, no foot traffic, security cameras, and roving security guards. The office garage: Couldn’t run the risk of leading them there. I eliminated every possible scenario.
I passed exit after exit as thought after thought crossed my mind. Then it hit me. I drove straight across the two lanes to my right, took the next exit, drove down the ramp, underneath the overpass, and up the other side, to the southbound interstate, which would take me right back through the intersection where I got on, but it was my best chance. I only hoped my goon friends weren’t trolling the interstate looking for me.
I crossed over the top of the road where I first entered the interstate. I had a plan and felt much better, but that feeling was short-lived as I was hit in the eye with a red light from my dash–Low Fuel, it blinked at me. I had no more than two gallons of fuel left.
I did the miles per gallon calculation. I had 30 miles to go on two gallons. With the weight of the added equipment and extra batteries to power it, I would be lucky to get 12 miles to a gallon. I had to pull off. There was not a whole lot between where I was and where I was going, and I couldn’t afford to run out of gas and be stranded on the side of the road.
I drove 20 miles to the next exit ramp, stopped at the first fuel stop, and with a move that would make the NASCAR highlight reel, did a “splash and go” that dropped a gallon of gas in the tank. I was back on the interstate before the receipt printed. I would get there with little time to spare.
I wheeled into town and avoided the main streets as I zig-zagged my way to safety. I made a final left turn and pulled up to the garage of the Hotel Vanderbilt. The door opened, and I drove in. It closed behind me.
I parked, downloaded the video from the computer to a flash drive, locked the van, and walked toward the lobby.
According to Bogie, the Vanderbilt was as secure as Fort Knox, and even if they found my van, no one would confirm or deny I was there.
I pulled the lobby entrance door open and walked to the front desk. The clock in the lobby read 1:15 a.m. I handed the clerk my company credit card. He gave me a look of instant rejection, paused, sighed, swiped my card, and gave me a key. “Room 404,” he uttered with effort, as he turned and went back to whatever he was doing.
I walked to the elevator, took it to the fourth floor, and walked into my room. I took a shower, put on the complimentary robe, then called the complimentary cleaning service to launder my clothes. Then I plugged my phone into the charger. I planned to get some rest and call Rich in the morning. I assumed Watson and his goons knew I would go to the police and would clear out.
I was exhausted, physically and mentally. I dropped my head on the pillow and went out for the night.


Chapter 25
Clomp, clomp, clomp, clomp. The unmistakable sound of the stenographer’s heels echo inside the courtroom. I watch her and wonder if the woman ever considered a dress sneaker as court footwear.
She eases her chair from beneath the desk, sits down, and retrieves a long nail file from her purse, then saws back and forth in a skillful arcing motion, all in sync with the movement of her mouth as she smacks her gum.
It is now 1:15 p.m. The bailiff strolls back in and takes his place at the end of the jury box. Still no sign of the judge. I stare at the bench and notice his nameplate on top, but I can’t see the whole name. I crane my neck. The Honorable Jessie Pants. I snort and laugh out loud, then try to contain it. What kind of parent names their kid Jessie with a last name Pants? It sounds like something I’d call my little sister to make her mad.
The stenographer stops filing and looks at me with her wide cow eyes, slowly smacking her gum. I look at her, still laughing, then look back down at the desk as I try to contain myself. It’s not that funny, really. Probably stress relief. She turns her attention back to her nails and I turn my attention back to nothing.
I lean back in my chair and watch the ceiling fan turn in a failed attempt to cool the room. The gallery begins to fill and whispered voices greet each other.
I hear the shuffling of boots, sneakers, and ladies’ flats and heels as they work their way to their seats. I sit impatiently, awaiting Jackson’s return.
I find a paperclip that fell from his briefcase and occupy my hands by bending it into various shapes.
I look over my right shoulder to see if Rich made it back to court. Then I hear the sound of balls bouncing on the table, rolling until they hit my left forearm. I look down and my jaw goes slack—one green paintball and one black paintball. I am still processing this when I hear “Howzithangin’” from a voice that can take a sentence and turn it into a single word, as only a real Texan can do.
I swivel my chair to the left, putting my hands on the arms to push myself up, only to stare right in the video camera button that is attached to a cowboy shirt that is attached to Skeeter Bonner, who is now bent over and leaning his forearms against the top of the banister.
“You!” I say, in a loud whisper. “That was you! You shot my fu—” 
I stop, take a breath, and lower my voice, as heads turn in my direction. I flash back to the cuss jar, knowing Stella is close by.
“You shot me with paintballs! You almost gave me a heart attack!” My emotions quickly run between taking a swing at him and laughing until I cry.
“Yeah, that was me,” he says. The grin on his face is as wide as the brim on his hat. I laugh out loud.
“How? I checked video, frame by frame, and saw the balls coming at the van, but I never saw you.”
“Stealthy,” he says. “Had lots of practice. I’ve been shootin’ Bogie’s for years. It drives his uptight ass crazy, but he’s never said a word to anybody. Big operative is gonna to figure it out himself, but he ain’t yet, and he ain’t gonna.”
I laugh, loud and uncontrollably. It’s the best laugh I’ve had since this mess started. The entire room is staring my way, but I’m past caring.
“Don’t rat me out,” Skeeter says. “You know how he feels about that Vette. He’ll have me strung up if he finds out.”
“I won’t,” I say, trying to contain my laughter.
He surveys the room as I gather myself. “So, where’s Lawyer Jacobs? Shouldn’t he be up here protectin’ your rights from bein’ violated?”
“We had a break, so he went back to his office to work on another case. Should be back soon.”
“Still here, I see,” he says, tipping the top of his head toward the stenographer.
“Yeah, she’s about the most excitement I’ve seen here in weeks.” I say.
“Really,” he says, giving me a sly look.
“Not that kind of excitement,” I say. “Not my type and way too much maintenance.”
We both pause and watch, as she continues to manicure her nails, oblivious to her surroundings.
“So, what’s her story?” I ask.
Skeeter pauses and grins. “Meet Wendy Hartsfield—cheerleader, high school homecoming queen, valedictorian. We graduated high school in the same year. Had a full ride to the college of her choice, but she turned it down.”
“Wait, Hartsfield?. As in Mayor Hartsfield?” I say.
“Yep, one in the same.”
“So what happened?”
“She didn’t want any of it. Didn’t wanna be homecoming queen, didn’t wanna be the smartest girl in class, didn’t wanna go to some high-class college, and didn’t wanna be what daddy wanted her to be, so she chucked it all, went to stenography school, graduated at the top of her class, got this job, moved out of daddy’s big house, and has been doin’ this ever since.”
“I don’t give the girl enough credit. She looks…ah—”
“Ditsy,” Skeeter says, finishing my sentence.
“I guess that’s the word.”
“Far from it,” he says, “but this is what she wants to do and how she wants to look, so this is the way it is.”
“All the makeup, the hair, the clothes—that wasn’t her style in high school?” I ask.
“Nope. She was straight-laced and kind of a looker, but thought she got everything except her smarts handed to her ‘cause of daddy’s money. What you see has evolved over the years. Mom wanted her to be Miss Texas, or somethin’ like that. I think the shrinks call it livin’ vicariously through your kid,” he says. “Her mom was Miss Something, when she was in college, but never made it to the big time. Wendy was her second chance, to hear her old friends tell it.”
“And she wanted no part of it,” I say.
“Nope. Not a bit.”
We both watch, as she continues her maintenance.
“Well, I gotta scoot,” he says, as he tilts his head slightly forward and bounces two fingers off the brim of his hat, like cowboys do when they’re getting ready to leave.
“I owe you one,” I say, as he walks away. He nods his head and keeps going.
I turn my chair back around and lean my elbows on the table. 
I pick up the paintballs, juggle them between the fingers on my right hand, and plan my retaliation.
It’s 1:25 p.m. I stare at the clock as it ticks away each wasted second of my life and think back again to the Vanderbilt and the day to end all days.

I was awakened by unfamiliar sounds from the other side of an unfamiliar door in an unfamiliar room. I was disoriented and had no idea where I was or why I was there or what I was supposed to do. I lay staring at the ceiling, trying to clear my head, when it all came rushing back. It was the morning after I witnessed the murder of the store clerk and escaped from the goons. I was at the Vanderbilt. The clock read: 06-27-09 09:13 AM.
I sat straight up in bed, swung my feet over the side, and walked over to the desk to be sure the flash drive was still there. It was. I looked for a television to see if the murder had made the news, but the Vanderbilt was not exactly a television-watching kind of place.
A newspaper had been shoved under the door. I rifled through it, but there was no news of the murder. I doubted the victim’s body had been found and wondered if anyone had missed him. Was he some child’s dad or some wife’s husband who didn’t come home last night?
I opened the door to the hall, lifted the hanger of laundered clothes off the doorknob, and brought them inside. I pulled off the plastic and got dressed.


Chapter 26
It was Saturday morning. I had emailed Rich the night before and told him I would be in his office first thing this morning. He had my notes on the Morgan file and had seen my work, or lack thereof. I was already late, so I ordered breakfast, knowing I couldn’t face him on an empty stomach.
I picked up my phone, which had charged overnight. There was one call and one text message. I slept hard and hadn’t heard either of them.
The call was at 8:02 a.m. from the office, and the text was at 8:03 a.m. from Cassie.
Terminate Morgan surveillance and close file. Rich got email and is waiting for you. Where are you.
I had never gotten a text like that before, and it made me a nervous. Possibly, he knew everything, and I wouldn’t have a chance to explain.
Breakfast arrived. I had it placed on the table by the window that overlooked the two-level parking garage. The garage sat apart from the hotel and was open on the side that faced the hotel, with enough room between the two that I could see a portion of the bottom level, including the back half of my van. There were a few cars on the top level, but most were parked underneath.
I scanned the paper, not really taking in what I was reading, but thinking more about the night before. I noticed people moving about on the bottom level of the parking garage, as they got into their vehicles and drove away. Most of the vehicles that were there when I arrived were gone.
I ate breakfast, alternating between reading the paper and watching my van, a modification of the triangle surveillance technique I learned from Bogie.
I noticed someone next to the van. All I could see was the lower half of a man as he moved along the passenger’s side of the van. He stopped, then got into the car next to it, and left.
I continued to read, eat, and watch, until movement near the van caught my attention again. I could see the bottom half of another man, who appeared to be looking at the damage to the rear doors. Another person came up next to him. They were face-to-face, directly behind the van. After a few minutes, they both turned and walked back toward the open side of the garage. They were met by a parking attendant, who stuck out his open hand, palm up, and received an undeterminable amount of cash. They were just below my window.
The parking attendant walked away, toward the far side of the garage then out of sight. The two men walked toward the lobby door and exposed themselves as they pulled the door open. I got a clear view of their faces and choked on a mouthful of eggs. It was the goons. Mental note: Tell Bogie I know who’s pimping high-class prostitutes at the Vanderbilt and has the inside scoop on the hotel patrons.
I couldn’t decide whether to call 911 or run for it. How did they get word out that fast? How did they find me here? Can I trust the local police in a town as small as than Cross Creek? They knew where I was and were only a couple of hundred dollar bills from getting my room number.
I grabbed the flash drive and shoved it into my pants pocket, put on my shoes, walked to the door, and pulled it open, but stopped when I saw the evacuation plan that was posted on the back of the door. I studied the floor plan and ran scenarios through my mind. Would they each come up one of the two stairwells, or would they take the elevator? Or would one take the elevator and one the stairs? I couldn’t run the risk of getting trapped in the elevator if one or both came up that way, so my only out was the stairs. But which one? The south stairs were closest to the front desk, so I assumed one would come up that way, and the other would take the elevator or the north stairs.
I opened the door, walked down the hall, and opened the south stairwell door. I was on the fourth floor, so I would hear anyone coming up, which would give me some time to react, but not much.
The door to the stairwell was set back in the wall about two feet, so I had some cover to look down the hall, but if they split up and only one came up the south stairs, I would be trapped in between.
If I were them, I would split up. It’s human nature to take the shortest path, so at least one would come up the south stairs. I would deal with him and worry about the other one when I had to. My only weapon was the element of surprise. I knew they were at the hotel, but they didn’t know I knew. I needed a physical weapon. I pulled the fire extinguisher from inside the cabinet next to the stairwell door. It was fully charged, according to the gauge, and heavy.
I looked inside the stairwell. There was a large pipe, measuring about two feet in diameter, running up the wall at the top of the stairs with an inset behind that. The inset was about two feet square and would provide some cover from the lower stairs, but if one came down the hall and opened the stairwell door, I would be completely exposed.
I pushed the door wide open, blocked it with the fire extinguisher, stood in the doorway, and alternated between leaning out to look down the hall and leaning back in to listen for footsteps in the stairwell. I heard a door open to the stairwell, followed by footsteps climbing stairs. I stepped inside, peeked over the rail, and looked down through the thin gap between each of the stair levels. The stairs were enclosed underneath, so I couldn’t see through the gaps in the steps.
I saw a hand, holding the rail on the first level of steps, sliding up from the bottom floor. He only had to cover four flights. I leaned out and looked down the fourth floor hall.
I heard a second door open in the stairwell and the elevator ding at the same time. I took a quick look over the rail and saw a hand sliding up the rail from the third floor. I could hear the echoing footsteps of both as they ascended. I took a quick look down the hall, but no one stepped off the elevator. I stepped inside the stairwell, picked up the fire extinguisher, eased the door closed, then buried myself in the corner, behind the pipe. I wouldn’t be able to see his face, until he opened the hall door.
I heard the closest footsteps start up the last steps leading to the fourth floor. The steps from the person below that slowed, then stopped.
I lifted the fire extinguisher above my head, grasping the neck of the extinguisher with my right hand and gripping underneath the bottom rim with my left.
The footsteps hit the landing on my floor, made two more steps, then stopped. The footsteps below started to slowly ascend. They knew, or sensed, I was there.
I heard labored breathing sounds coming from the other side of the pipe. Obviously, he was not in shape to climb stairs. I held my breath. I heard the sound of a pistol hammer cock, but not exactly. I played it over in my mind, searching for any sound other than that. My heart raced, probably due to lack of oxygen from holding my breath. The person below started up the steps again. I saw a puff of smoke float through the air in front of me. The click sound must have come from an old flip-top lighter.
He started to move. I tightened my grip, and pulled the extinguisher back as far as it would go, without hitting the wall behind me. A hand reached for the handle, then pulled the door open wide. An arm passed in front of me, followed by a shoulder. I caught myself just before I crushed the skull of a short balding man, who only wanted a couple of drags from a cigarette before he went to his room. He dropped the cigarette, stepped on it, and went into the hall.
I exhaled, and then caught my breath again. Every sound in the stairwell echoed. The hall door closed just as the second set of footsteps reached the landing. I tightened my grip on the extinguisher. A hand passed in front of me and wrapped around the door handle. An arm followed, and then a shoulder, then the head of a goon that I recognized all too well.
I dropped the extinguisher on his head like a single shot from a jackhammer. His knees buckled, and his upper body slowly turned toward me as he let go of the door handle and reached for his waistline. His feet stayed planted and his legs didn’t quite follow but instead began to twist, as his upper body continued to turn in my direction. He was dazed and slow. I lifted the extinguisher and crowned him on the forehead. His body unwound itself and fell away from me, bouncing off the opposite wall. His forehead banged hard against the rail as he fell to the floor. He was out.
I set the extinguisher in the corner behind me, walked over, and frisked Goon 1, where I found a rather large pistol. I pulled it from his waistline and pondered my next move as I admired the balance of Goon 1’s 357 Magnum.
He was motionless, his forehead bleeding from the second blow, made worse when it bounced off the handrail. I turned my attention to Goon 2. I had to find a way out without running into that guy.
I opened the door and stared down hall. No sign of Goon 2, who should have reached my room by that time. Was he crossing on another floor, caught in the elevator, or slower than Goon 1? He would at least work his way to this end to meet up.
I decided to drop down to the third floor, cross over to the north stairs, then go down to the bottom level and out to the garage, while Goon 2 was occupied arousing Goon 1 from his nap.


Chapter 27
I got to the third floor, opened the stairwell door, and eased one eye around the corner to look down the hall for Goon 2. There was a maid’s cart in front of two open doors, about halfway between me and the elevator.
I moved down the hall and was in front of the first open door when the elevator dinged and Goon 2 immediately stepped out. He looked the opposite direction first, which gave me time to duck into an open room, but I wasn’t quick enough. I heard him running in my direction. I slammed the door shut, flipped every lock on it, and searched for a way out. I felt certain his gun was at least as big as the one I took off Goon 1, and at any minute, he would use it to blow the hinges off the door. Or he would take a much quieter route and have the maid open it. Either way, I had to get out.
I heard him talking to the maid and noted the fear in her voice as she neared the door. The safety latch was all that stood between me and him, and it wouldn’t take much to kick it in. I reached for the 357 but assumed he was just low enough to use the maid as a shield, so shooting through the door was not an option. I was trapped.
I looked out the window and estimated a five-foot gap and a two-foot drop from the window to the edge of the top level of the parking garage. The stairwell to the first floor was about 30 feet from where I would land, but the only cover between there and the stairs was a couple of cars.
The window was a large single pane of glass, about five feet tall by three wide. I put the butt of the 357 to use, broke the glass, then cleared the remaining shards from the frame with the barrel of the gun. I backed up, then ran and jumped. I cleared the window just as I heard the door slam against the safety latch.
I landed and rolled, coming up on my feet then ducking behind the closest car. I started toward the stairs when Goon 2 appeared in the window and took aim. I ducked back behind the car. He didn’t have a shot, so he backed into the room. I ran for the stairs just he cleared the window and leapt toward the parking deck.
I pulled the gun from my waistband, grabbed the rail, swung around to go downstairs, and simultaneously raised the gun to fire at Goon 2. I aimed, but he had landed short and was hanging off the edge of the parking garage, supported by his elbows. I could have plugged him and had every right to, but he was defenseless, and it seemed more like murder than self-defense. He was barely hanging on, and it was as 20-foot drop to the ground, so I had time.
I ran down the stairs and toward the van. Goon 2’s feet were still dangling from the upper level. I thought about winging him, just to slow him down, but the two feet quickly turned to one, then none.
I pressed the van remote to start the engine, hit the button to unlock the door, jumped in, drove forward through the empty parking spaces, and circled back toward the garage door.
I looked in the driver’s side mirror as I drove toward the garage exit and saw Goon 2 as he leapt from the third step and landed on the garage floor.
The garage door was opening for another vehicle, so I accelerated to beat that car through.
Goon 1 suddenly pushed open the lobby door and ran into the parking garage. He had blood streaming down his face from the blows to the head I had given him. He reached for the van as I neared. I pushed the driver’s side door open, braced it with my left foot, and gave him a body blow with it as I went by, sending him to his knees then onto his face for second time. I pulled the door closed, laid on the horn, and sped out of the garage, causing the oncoming vehicle to slam on its brakes to avoid a collision. I glanced in my side mirror and saw Goon 1 being pulled to his feet by Goon 2. I had a two to three minute head start, at best.
I drove straight to the interstate and turned north, toward Cross Creek. There was no way they would catch me before I got to the office and into the security of the garage, where I could get to Rich and eventually Mick. Low Fuel haunted me again. I had put in just enough fuel the night before to get me to the hotel but not enough to get back. If I stopped for fuel, I was caught, but I had maybe ten miles of fuel left and no other choice, so I took the next off-ramp, stopped at the first gas pump at the first gas station I saw, jumped from the van, slid my card through the card reader, and started pumping. I pumped in three gallons in less than two minutes, got back in, and drove away. I was lucky with the lights and traffic and was back on the interstate in record time.
My phone rang. I fumbled for it. It was Rich. I answered and spilled my guts. “Rich, meet me at the police station. I’m being chased. The goons are tryin’ to kill me. On my way north from Martin!”
Just as I blurted that over the phone, I saw the goon’s vehicle, which had caught up to me and was quickly filling up my driver’s side mirror. I looked in front of me, stomped the brake, and swerved hard to the right, barely missing the rear of a semi-tractor trailer. I threw the cell phone at the passenger’s seat and grabbed the wheel with both hands. The van fishtailed from side to side. I got it together and sped around the semi.
The goons changed lanes and began to close. Goon 2 was driving. I couldn’t outrun them, and there was nowhere to hide. They either had to kill me or face Watson, and I had seen his work. I had no doubt that they would kill me in broad daylight in front of witnesses and take their chances at getting away, rather than face certain death at his hands or at the hands of a Texas jury. They had no choice and had nothing to lose.
I stayed in the right lane as I cleared the semi. Goon 2 drove straight up behind me, then shot the gap between my rear bumper and the front bumper of the semi. Then he moved into the center lane and came up alongside the driver’s side of the van. I could see the head of Goon 1 through my side mirror. He had wiped most of the blood from his face, but some still trickled from the circular gash made by the butt of the fire extinguisher. He had replaced his gun with another one just like it and had it resting on the passenger’s side mirror, pointing at me.
Traffic was slow in that lane, so Goon 2 had to slow down and drop behind me, before Goon 1 could get off a shot. He crossed over and came up along the passenger’s side. His front bumper came even with my side door. I pulled hard to the right and rammed his car, which caused it to fishtail and scrape the guardrail. His sedan was sturdy, but my van was heavier than most. Size does matter. He gathered it up and dropped back behind me again.
We were traveling about 70 miles an hour in light traffic, which gave me some cover. I moved to the right lane to keep him off my right side and out of my blind spot.
He caught up to my bumper, moved to the lane on my left, and came up the driver’s side again. I could see the nickel-plated barrel poking out from behind the passenger’s side mirror. I tried to ram him again, but missed. The van fishtailed and tipped hard to the left when I over-corrected, but I brought it back under control. I pushed the button to roll down the driver’s side window in order to avoid being sprayed with shattered glass, if he shot out the window.
He fell back momentarily, then gassed the sedan and came along my left side again. His passenger’s side door was almost even with mine when Goon 1 stuck the gun out the window, pointed it at me, and motioned me to pull over. “Screw you!” I yelled, thinking that maybe he would take the hint and go away. He did neither.
He cocked the hammer and took aim. I accelerated and leaned forward, just as he fired. The first bulled ripped through the side of the van just behind the driver’s seat and exited through the roof on the passenger’s side, followed by a second shot that went through the top of the window opening and out through the roof. I felt the sting of shrapnel as the bullet ripped through the metal. It hurt, but it wasn’t serious.
The booming sounds of gunfire and bullets blowing holes in the van were deafening. Both my ears were ringing, muffling the sound of the engines.
Word of gunfire must have gotten out, as the cars ahead of us began to dive toward the shoulders and off ramps. The way ahead was clear. I accelerated to 90 miles an hour. The goons kept pace.
He started up my left side again. The gun barrel was propped on top of the passenger’s side mirror. The sedan was unsteady at 90 miles an hour. Goon 1 held on to the dash with one hand and held the 357 with the other, as Goon 2 fought the wheel to steady the vehicle.
He propped the barrel on top of the passenger’s side mirror. Goon 2 accelerated. We were suddenly door to door, where Goon 1 had a clear shot, but I beat him to it. I grabbed the gun that I had taken off him earlier and, in one quick motion, pushed the barrel over the edge of the window frame, aimlessly pointed, and fired. I saw blood splatter, and Goon 1 grabbed his left leg.
Goon 2 braked hard, causing the gun to fall out of Goon 1’s hand, but it landed inside the vehicle. I stood on the accelerator and tried to distance myself, but he kept pace. I could see Goon 1 in my side mirror, rocking back and forth in pain.
My gun had recoiled and slammed my hand into the window frame, but I held on to it.
I watched through the side mirror as Goon 1 leaned forward and came back up, gun in his hand.
Goon 2 drove the front right of his vehicle into the left rear of the van, causing the van to fishtail and tip again, but I gathered it up and kept moving.
I heard the engine of the sedan roar and saw the barrel lift as Goon 1 took better aim. I stomped the brake. The gun fired, missing me but striking the van just above the left front wheel. The bullet ricocheted out of the engine compartment and through the hood.
The sedan had pulled ahead, so I stomped the accelerator and rammed it in the rear, forcing it into a slide and into the guardrail. It almost came to a dead stop as it slammed into the guardrail. I turned hard to the right and then sped away. I had put some distance between us when I saw green and black liquids spraying from the hole in the hood of the van, and I knew that wasn’t paintball paint.
I smelled the unmistakable scent of burning oil and antifreeze—my burning oil and my antifreeze. I had at least ten miles to go. The engine would overheat and seize before I made it. All other traffic had moved to the far right lane, to the shoulder, or had left the interstate completely. I didn’t see emergency lights coming from any direction. I was on my own.


Chapter 28
I had the accelerator on the floor, but they caught up and were on my back bumper to the left. The sedan was dog-legging from the hit to the guardrail.
The van sputtered as the last of the fluids blew out of the engine. I could see Goon 1 between the cracks in my side mirror. Despite obvious pain, he managed a sadistic grin. He had me and knew it.
The van sputtered again and began to lose power. We were moving about 60 miles an hour and coming to an overpass. I looked for a way out that did not involve people saying nice things about me, followed by those same people throwing dirt on top of a box that contained my body.
Oil and antifreeze blew from the hole in the hood and onto the windshield, blurring my view of everything in front of me. I looked to my left and watched the lane dividers to keep the van straight. I picked up the gun with my right hand.
The sedan lurched forward. We were door-to-door. Before I could react, Goon 1 had his gun pointed at me. I saw his thumb lift to cock the hammer and fire, but the blood on the gun caused his thumb to slip over the top of the hammer. I shoved my gun over the window frame and fired, striking Goon 1 in the right shoulder. Blood splattered in and out of the sedan. His scream penetrated the ringing in my ears. He slumped forward in the seat, clutching his right shoulder with his left hand. 
I pointed the gun over the top of Goon 1, straight at the head of Goon 2. He looked down my barrel and stomped the brake just as I fired. The bullet struck the front edge of the passenger’s side door. He fell behind me, his front bumper even with my rear bumper. I could see Goon 1, rocking back and forth in pain, but he wasn’t going to rock that one off.
They were running out of time, and I was running out of power. They had to make a move and then get away.
We came to the foot of the overpass. It was a slight rise up, then down the other side—not enough to stop the van going up, not enough to add speed going down. The van would roll to a stop within the next mile.
I hit the remote and opened the passenger’s side sliding door, then flipped the curtain on the passenger’s side up over the seat, so I had a clear view of the door opening. Absent some miracle, I planned to move between the seats and jump out the side door before the van completely stopped and try to get the drop on Goon 2 before he realized I was gone. I had three shots left.
I looked in my side mirror. Goon 1 had laid his seat back. I could see his head and his left hand holding a rag over his right shoulder, but he was in no shape to continue the pursuit.
Goon 2 had his left hand on top of the wheel and the 357, once held by his now-ailing accomplice, in his right hand, and he was aiming it my way. The engine sputtered and bucked. I was down to 30 miles an hour and would be at a dead stop in a couple hundred yards.
We crested the overpass and started down the other side. The engine bucked again. I shoved it into neutral to get as much roll out of it as possible. I couldn’t see anything through the front window, so I watched the lane to my left to ensure that I at least stayed in the middle lane, certain there was no traffic ahead of me.
I looked in the side mirror just as Goon 2 took deliberate aim. He stayed just to my left and back so that I couldn’t take a shot. He stalked me with patience, as the van slowed. My engine sputtered, one last time, then died.
I unbuckled and slid my legs around the seat, as the van slowed to 20 miles an hour. I didn’t want to jump out and break a leg, so I waited.
It dropped to ten. I stood, stuck the gun into the front of my belt, and moved between the seats, as I continued to hold onto the steering wheel. I looked out the side door opening and was about to make my move, when I heard the goon’s engine rev and saw the sedan speed by. I crouched to avoid the shot, but he never fired. I heard the unmistakable sound of a shotgun blast.
I stood, stuck the gun back in my waistline, slid into the seat, and leaned my head out the driver’s side window, just as the sedan turned hard to the right, and flipped over on its roof. The shoulder was lined with police cars. I ducked, thinking I was next, stomped the brake, and came to an immediate stop about 20 feet from the goon’s overturned vehicle.
Officers ran toward the goons and surrounded the vehicle, weapons drawn. The van was sizzling and smoking.
I put my arms on the steering wheel and laid my head on top of them. It was over, or at least, this was over. I was surrounded by several police officers who were all yelling at me. I could hear their voices but couldn’t make out their words, due to the ringing in my ears.
I pushed the door open, poured myself out of the van, and walked about ten steps. My knees shook, then buckled. I dropped to the pavement, exhausted from the chase.
I stayed down on my hands and knees for a couple minutes, caught my breath, then sat back on my heels. I saw the pants and shoes of a deputy appear in front of me, but I didn’t look up.
A hand reached down between me and the officer. I grabbed hold and pulled myself up, only to find myself standing nose-to-nose with Rich. I inched back and wiped the sweat from my eyes to be sure I was seeing what I thought I was seeing. I was. I read it in his facial expression. The left eye looked concerned, the right looked scared. The mouth was clinched as tight as an Ali fist. It was definitely mad.
I caught my breath. “How…” My voice echoed inside my head. I pinched my nose and blew, in an attempt to clear the ringing, but it didn’t help.
“How did you know?” I said.
He unclenched his hand from mine and, without a word, walked over to the van. I turned to see where he was going and got my first full view of the van. It looked like it had been in a war zone. The mirrors were broken, there were multiple bullet holes, and oil and anti-freeze had blown onto the windshield and over the top of the vehicle. What was left was dripping out underneath, forming a small puddle.
He leaned into the van, searched for a minute, and then came back out. He walked over to me and held out my cell phone.
“You dropped it when all the action started but never hung up,” he said, staring at the phone. He hit the button to end the call, then stuck the phone in his pocket.
“Where did all the cops come from?” I asked.
“It pays to know people,” he said.
“You saved me. I thought I was a dead man.”
“You’re not dead, but you’re sure as hell not saved.”
A deputy walked up beside Rich. Rich looked at him and nodded. I thought maybe he would shoot me and put me out of my misery.
He reached for my waist, pulled the gun from inside my belt, and handed it to another officer.
“Come on, Mitch.” I recognized the voice but couldn’t see very well, due to the angle of the sun and the sweat in my eyes. I wiped my eyes and changed the angle and then saw a huge body in uniform with Mick’s head attached.
He looked at me. He looked concerned, but disgusted.
“Vincent Mitchell Morgan, you’re under arrest.”
That, I heard.
Thinking the moment needed a little humor, I shot back, “Somebody complain about my driving?” Obviously, it didn’t.
Without comment or change in facial expression, he pulled his cuffs from his belt with his left hand, grabbed my wrist with his right, then escorted me to a patrol car. He read off the list of charges as we walked, but they had nothing to do with the chain of events of the past 24 hours.
He knew, and if he knew, Rich knew. My past had caught up with me.
We got to the patrol car. He put his hand on top of my head and pushed it below the door frame, as he guided me into the back seat.
“Put your seatbelt on,” he said.
That sounded a little ridiculous, given what I had just been through, but for once, I thought it best to keep my smart-ass comments to myself, so I dropped into the back seat without a word.
He stood and stared at the handcuffs that were still in his left hand, twirled them around his finger a couple of times, then put them back into the holder on his belt.
Rich stood on the other side of the interstate, staring at the van. He dropped his head, gave it a side-to-side shake, then turned, and walked back to his car, as he stared at my cell phone. He opened the door, pitched the phone into the passenger’s seat, got in, made a U-turn through the median, and drove back toward Cross Creek.
Most of the patrol cars where gone, and traffic was being directed around the wreckage by the remaining officers. Goon 1 was in bad shape from the holes I blew in him. He was handcuffed to a gurney and rolled toward an ambulance by two EMTs. He had an oxygen mask stuck to his face and bags of liquid plugged into both arms.
Goon 2 limped by in cuffs. He glared at me, passing within five feet of where I sat. I stared him down, and to be sure I got the last word, I flipped him off as he passed. He turned away, without expression. He was stuffed in the patrol car in front of me by a couple of Texas’s finest. He had a few scratches but he’d live, at least until the jury returned with a verdict.
I sat in the patrol car, parked on the shoulder of the interstate, and listened to my ears ring inside my head. I watched the wrecker hook to the bottom of the goon’s vehicle and flip it onto its wheels. A second vehicle backed up to the sedan, hooked a cable to the front bumper, winched it onto a flatbed trailer, secured it, and drove away from the scene.
A wrecker moved to the rear of the van, backed up to it, hooked up, and pulled it about 20 feet. The wrecker crew swept up the glass, dumped it into a bucket, then collected pieces of car parts, and tossed them into the bed of the wrecker. The wrecker driver pulled the levers, lifted the back wheels of the van off the ground, secured it, got into the cab of the wrecker, and pulled it away.
The officers directed traffic down one lane, then two, then all three. I watched the puddle of the last liquids that had dripped from the van as it was run over by the passing cars, spread thinner and thinner until it was gone.
A deputy was standing in front of the car I was in. I guessed they were coordinating the transfer of me and Goon 2, since Goon 1’s transportation had been arranged. I had no desire to end up in the same cell as Goon 2. That could buy one of us a trip to ER.
It would be over soon. I wasn’t looking forward to the outcome. Facing Rich and everyone else at the agency was more than I could stomach at that moment. I wondered what Cassie would think, or more likely, what she thought, assuming she knew the whole story by that time.
There was more to tell, but I doubted anyone would want to hear it. The Watson story would overshadow my own for a while, but once that was over, it would be my turn.
I sat in the patrol car, shocked from all that had happened. I was drained, physically and mentally, and was ready to be anywhere but there.
I watched as the deputies finished their discussions and moved toward their patrol cars. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes.


Chapter 29
I dozed off but was awakened by the sound of the front door of the patrol car opening. I opened my eyes to see the back of an officer standing between the door and the car. He had one foot in the patrol car, his left hand on top of the door frame, and his right arm propped on the roof of the vehicle, as he talked with a deputy on the other side of the door.
The clock in the dash of the patrol car read 12:00. I stared out the front window. I could see the bald head of Goon 2, sitting in the rear seat of the patrol car in front of me.
I wiped my hands on my pants to get the grime and sweat off my palms and ran across a bump in my pants pocket. “The video! I still have the video!” They didn’t know the whole story. Watson was getting away.
My insides jumped like a five year-old wanting candy. “C’mon, c’mon,” I said, wanting the deputy to get in the car. He finished his conversation, sat down, and closed the door.
“Officer,” I said.
“Cates,” he said.
“Officer Cates,” I said.
“Sheriff,” he said. “Hold on a minute.”
The formality was irritating. I didn’t give a damn if he was president.
He unwrapped the radio mic from the rearview mirror, where it hung by the cord that connected it to the radio. That gave me enough time to process who he said he was.
He pressed the mic button. “Patrol 1A to base.”
“Go 1A.”
“I’m 10-15 to your 20, over.”
“Copy 1A.”
He draped the radio mic over his rearview mirror, allowing it to dangle just below the mirror frame, clicked his seatbelt, flipped off his overhead lights, and pulled into traffic.
“Sheriff,” I said, in a much firmer tone.
He looked at me in his rearview without saying a word, but I understood the what the hell do you want look.
“I have surveillance video from last night on a flash drive in my pocket. The guys that were chasing me killed a guy, and I have it on tape.”
He looked back at me through the rearview mirror. One eyebrow was raised quite a bit higher than the other, meaning he heard what I said but was not sure what to make of it.
“Tape from where, and who’d they kill?” he asked, still looking at me with the raised eyebrow.
“I was doing surveillance, over on McCue, on a guy named Watson. He and the guys that were chasing me took a guy to a vacant house there and stabbed him. It happened about midnight. I saw it, they saw me, and followed me down to Martin, then chased me back.
I could see his face through the mirror, as he looked straight ahead and processed what he had just heard. His eyebrows closed together as his forehead wrinkled, then unwrinkled, as he put the pieces together. 
His facial expression became intense, as he looked back at me, through the rearview. “Watson? You mean Jake Watson!”
“Yeah, that’s the guy, Jake Watson. He and his two goons killed the clerk from the downtown hardware store, and I have it on tape.”
“And you’re sure it’s Watson?”
“Yes. It’s on a flash drive in my pocket.”
Did I mumble? Was I talking into the clown’s mouth at the drive-thru? There’s a dead guy. I have video of him being dead. How hard was that to understand?
He flipped on his overheads and siren, pushed the accelerator to the floor, and unwrapped his mic from the mirror.
“1A to 1D.”
“1D,” came the voice, over the radio speaker.
“I have a possible 10-54 and an eye witness with video. Your passenger may be one of the stars of the show. Follow me to headquarters.”
“10-4.”
I assumed “1D” was the patrol car in front of us, judging from the way the head of Goon 2 dropped forward, as Cates’s words came over the radio.
Cates moved to the center lane and accelerated past 1D, who fell in behind him and kept pace as we sped to the station. We were there within minutes.
He pulled into a parking spot, came to an abrupt stop, slammed the gearshift into park, got out of the car, and opened my door. Without a word, he reached towards me, almost poking me in the eye with his extended fingers. “Let’s have it.” I gave it.
He stuck the flash drive in his pocket, grabbed my left arm, just below the shoulder, and pulled me from the back of the patrol car. I saw Goon 2 being pulled from the other patrol car, in the same manner, and taken in ahead of us.
We double-timed into the station where Cates pulled me through a door that read “Squad Room.” He pulled me to a desk, spun an office chair around, and sat me in it. He spun the chair and me back around to the computer, plugged the flash drive into the USB port, and typed his user name and password onto the screen.
I glared at Cates as he leaned over to type, his head within inches of mine. I wasn’t used to being dragged around, and despite what was to come, I wasn’t going to be. I opened my mouth to speak, but closed it and bit my tongue. That was not the time to let my temper get the best of me. I didn’t need to make an enemy of Cates or the sheriff’s department, so I took a deep breath, calmed myself, and became overly compliant.
Another officer walked up behind me who I assumed to be “1D” and watched intently as Cates clicked the media icon that opened the video player on the flash drive. It began to play.
My heart raced. The software on the flash drive displayed all four camera shots simultaneously, each taking up one-fourth of the 30-inch flat panel monitor.
I watched myself, as I skulked around the edge of the curb and up to the window of the vacant house. My head and upper body rocked from side to side, as I looked through the gap in the sheet that covered the window. 
A crowd of officers had formed behind me and were glued to the video.
“Wish I had video equipment like that,” said 1D. No one responded. We continued to watch as the sheet was ripped down from the window, and the victim’s face fell against the glass and slid down to the bottom. There were multiple, audible gasps from the officers in the room.
The camera caught perfect facial shots of the victim, Watson, and the two goons in the window of the vacant house, as well as the terrified look on my face as I made a mad dash back to the van.
My image was lost as I reached the van and ran under the camera shot. The video images shook as I landed in the cargo area of the van. The video continued as I put the van in gear and fled from the scene.
The shot from the rear camera picked up the goons as they ran into the street and began firing. It caught the first shot fired, but missed the last two as I made the corner. The four cameras continued to film whatever was in their view as I drove away. There was no sign of the goons in any of the shots from there on, but the cameras kept rolling until I arrived at the Vanderbilt and turned them off. There was nothing left to the imagination of anyone in the room, which meant there would be nothing left to the imagination of a jury.


Chapter 30
Cates closed the video player, grabbed the flash drive, turned, and yelled through the large glass window into the next room. “Jerry, get in here!”
I looked to my right to see an officer stand, walk out of that office and into the squad room. I assumed that was Jerry. He was muscular and stood every bit of six feet four. His uniform was very crisp and neat.
“Yes sir,” he said, as he entered the room.
“Copy this. Copy it twice. Then lock ‘em up,” said Cates, as he handed the flash drive to Jerry.
“Yes, sir,” said Jerry, as he reached for the flash drive.
“And don’t put ‘em in the evidence room. Lock one in the top drawer of my desk, and lock the other one in yours. Shoot the first person that goes near ‘em!”
Jerry nodded, turned, and walked out of the room, back to his desk, where I watched him plug in my flash drive, plug in a second drive, grab his computer mouse, and start to work. Within a few minutes he got up, walked over to what I assumed to be Cates’s office, placed the drive in a drawer, locked it, and returned to his desk.
I turned my attention back to the goings-on in the squad room and to Cates. At about five foot ten, Cates was shorter than most every officer in the building. He was wiry—thin and muscular, but it was natural muscle, not over-pumped muscle. He had on a khaki-colored uniform and a short sleeve shirt. He was as starched as his uniform. He strutted around the place like a banty rooster taking control of the barnyard: chest stuck out, chin held high, elbows out and slightly behind his torso, barking out orders. The placed was buzzing as he went up and down the hall, pulling officers from various rooms and giving each specific orders. I spun my chair to keep an eye on the action and on Cates as he put a plan into action.
 “I’ve been tryin’ to bust Watson since the day he stepped foot in this county. Now I got his face on tape, with a dead guy dripping blood right in front of him,” he said to another officer, as he entered an office across the hall. That was followed by a short, obscenity-laced description of Watson and his cronies, which was somewhat incoherent, but I caught most of it. It was obvious Cates had not met Stell, or at least didn’t subscribe to the cuss jar.
I watched the organized chaos unfold. Most of the rooms were separated by thick glass, so I could see the action from where I sat.
Officers grabbed vests, shotguns, rifles, door rams, ammo, and anything else they could find. Firepower came out of every cabinet and closet in the place. They had quite an arsenal by the time they all gathered into the squad room.
Cates pointed at an officer. “Pull the guy that ain’t shot full of holes from the holding cell, and get him into room one. Get Ralph over here to grill him before he lawyers up, and tell him before he opens his fat mouth that he can cut a deal now and live the rest of his natural life in prison, or he can clam up and fry with Watson and his shot-up buddy. It’s his choice!”
The officer sprinted down the hall, produced Goon 2, complete with cuffs, stuffed him into a room, and locked him in.
“Jerry, get Moses over to the hospital. Tell him when that guy wakes up from having the bullet holes patched, to get in his face and tell him the same thing. Whoever flips first gets the deal. Ralph’s guy has until the other guy comes to, so he’d better fess up quick.”
“Moses is off duty,” said an officer that was standing in the room with Jerry.
“I don’t care if he’s on his honeymoon in Tahiti. He’d better have his fat finger in that guy’s face the second he sees the whites of his beady little eyes, or he’s gonna need stitches.”
Cops were running around like ants on a dead carcass as they gathered into the squad room. Cates had apparently forgotten about my offense, which rated along with spitting on the sidewalk by comparison. I eased out of my chair, walked to the door, and leaned on the inside door frame.
According to Cates, word from the few informants who would say anything at all was that Watson wanted to retire and get out of the country. Several of his henchmen had been arrested, but none would flip him, so they had been unable to verify the rumors. After seeing what he did to the clerk, I could see why.
He had eliminated all his competition, lived under the radar in a bad neighborhood, and had enough goons to take the rap for everything he did.
Mick pushed by me up to Cates and handed him a short stack of photos. Cates looked them over then looked up at me.
“You took these shots, right?” Cates held up several still shots that were pulled from my video, including a shot of the Parkway residence, the storage facility, and a shot of the victim’s face against the windowpane. It was more a statement than a question.
I nodded.
Cates pointed back at me with the photos that were still in his right hand, which caused everyone to turn and look my way. “This man has video evidence of a murder committed by Watson and these two men and found another address we couldn’t. He’s gonna testify to all this, but we’ve gotta get Watson before he gets out of the country.”
I never actually agreed to that, and no one really asked, but since I was being compliant, I just nodded.
An officer, who I assumed to be Ralph, unlocked room one, where Goon 2 was kept, went inside, and closed the door behind him.
Mick filled Cates in on the Parkway address, as the planning in the squad room continued.
About an hour had passed when Ralph emerged from room one with a notebook and photos in hand, pushed his way past me and into the squad room. I was getting a little irritated at being bumped into every time someone walked through the door, so I moved just inside the door and leaned against the wall.
“He flipped,” said Ralph, as he showed Cates a list of names and addresses. “I thought he was gonna faint, when I showed him the still shots from the tape. He just started blabbin’. I thought I was gonna piss myself,” he said, laughing as he spoke, barely able to get out his last words.
Ralph detailed what he was told by Goon 2. It seemed that Abernathy, who owned the house in the Parkway subdivision, ran the entire operation from up north. He owned the hardware store and the storage facility. Packages, labeled as hardware items, were moved between the hardware store and the storage facility. To the casual observer, it appeared the hardware store put their overstock at the store facility. The packages were actually drug shipments from across the border that were delivered to the hardware store, then moved to the storage facility, where they were distributed across the country. I had to admit that it was an elaborate scheme.
He also ran the prostitution ring at the Vanderbilt. He came down once a month, stayed at the Vanderbilt, and met with Watson. Watson was Abernathy’s number one man in Texas and the surrounding states and was managing the operations at the hardware store, storage facility, and the Vanderbilt. He had stolen millions from Abernathy and hid it around the county.
There was also a code, which explained why no one would talk: “You talk, you die.” Goon 2 must have known he was a dead man for killing the store clerk, so he squealed. According to Ralph, he wanted out of the drug business and into witness protection, if he testified.
Cates’s facial expression hardened as he pulled a map from the desk, unfolded it, slapped it onto a board on the wall, and clipped it at the top. He looked through the glass and yelled, “Jerry, call Smitty at the drug task force. Tell him we got Watson and to get his people over here.”
Jerry tucked the handset under his left chin, then poked at the numbers on the phone base with his right index finger.


Chapter 31
The outside door at the end of the hall swung open and about a dozen officers dressed in black piled inside the building and crammed into the squad room. Within a couple of minutes, two more identical groups came in and crowded the room. It was standing room only. The still shots that were taken from the video were passed around.
An officer, whose name was Smith, according to the name on his Kevlar vest, was standing next to Cates. I assumed that was Smitty—head of the drug task force.
He was about Cates’s size, but it was hard to determine his physical makeup, due to the uniform and all the equipment he had strapped to it, but his face displayed that same intensity as Cates.
“We’re gonna hit three main locations, plus the hotel,” said Smitty, “and we don’t have much time to do it.”
He picked up a pointing stick, slapped it against the map he had clipped to the wall, and described the locations and what may be found there.
The last location was the storage facility, where he assumed they would find a large cache of contraband. “I want that storage facility under complete lockdown until we can go through every unit,” he said.
He stopped talking. His pupils were large and round, as he scanned from left to right and looked at every officer in the room.
“All these locations are manned, and the occupants may be heavily armed. You’ve seen the video of what Watson can do. Don’t do somethin’ stupid that will cause me to be talkin' to any family members about this in the morning.”
He scanned the room again, making eye contact with every face in the room, as every head to a man nodded.
Cates turned towards the glass that separated the squad room from the dispatch office and yelled, “Jerry, get me one of those flash drives,” then walked a few steps to a copy machine, where he slid the list from Goon 2 into a slot and ran off about a dozen copies.
Jerry walked past me, handed the flash drive to Cates, then returned to his desk.
“Franks, get in here,” he yelled, toward the door where I was standing. An officer came from behind me, pushed his way through the crowd and up to Cates.
“You and Ralph take this list and the statement from the guy in room one over to Judge Harold. Show him the tape, respectfully tell him we want to bust these locations tonight, and we don’t have time for all the red tape, or Watson will get away.” Franks took the drive, and then he and Ralph pushed through the crowd and turned toward the door at the end of the hall.
“Hey! Hey!” I finally looked up to see Cates was talking to me. “Go catch Franks and go with him. Tell the judge you shot the video and will testify. Go before he drives off!” he said, as he pointed toward the exit door at the end of the hall. I complied.
We were at the judge’s house within minutes. He reviewed what we had and within thirty minutes had the prosecutor and his paralegal standing in front of him, going through the same evidence. We walked out in what had to be record time from request to issue of a search warrant, the fastest I had ever seen. 
We were back in the squad room within three hours. Franks gave the warrants to Cates, who gave them to Smitty.
“Listen up,” said Smitty, as he handed the warrants to the teams that had organized during our absence. “We’re going in right after dark, 9 p.m. sharp, no lights, no sirens, radio silence.”
He bent his left arm at the elbow and looked down at his watch. “On my mark, it will be 7:16 p.m.” A few seconds passed as every officer in the room, including Cates, looked at their watch.
“Mark,” said Smitty. They all synchronized their watches.
“Team leaders, you know where you’re going, and you have your instructions. You’re holding a ‘no knock’ search warrant. The only knock anyone will hear will be the one that knocks the door off the hinges, so hit it once, and hit it hard.”
He paused and looked around the room again. “Any questions?”
There were none.
“Then get after it. And be careful,” he shouted, as they all turned to leave.
It was 7:30 p.m., according to the round clock on the wall in the dispatch office, when the teams poured out of the building through three separate doors. I heard multiple engines as the vehicles started, then drove away.
They were going in “no knock” which meant there would be no announcement from the outside, only a large heavy ram, striking a door at its weakest point, followed by a team of armed officers pouring through that door, screaming who they were and that they had a warrant. It would be extremely dangerous, since the occupants could mistake the officers for rivals and start firing, or they could just start firing at badges, because that’s what they do. The risk of gunfire and death, on both sides, was very high. Whatever those officers got paid to do that job was not enough.
Cates walked out of the room and yelled down the hall. “Franks, take the guy in room one to the safe house. Take two of our guys with you, and sit on him. Cover him in Kevlar if you have to, but keep him alive. I don’t want anyone findin’ him before we get Watson in cuffs and behind bars.”
Franks complied, and he and two officers retrieved Goon 2, strapped a vest on him, and escorted him out the door.
Cates stopped in the middle of the hall and pinched his right eyebrow between his index finger and thumb as he looked down at the floor, obviously in deep thought.
“I’m missing something. What am I missing,” he said in a low voice to himself but loud enough that I could hear.
I watched him do what we have all done: question the plan and quickly run through each step, look for holes.
“Who’s guarding the guy at the hospital?” I asked Cates. There was a long pause. He stopped massaging his eyebrow, but didn’t let go.
He finally dropped his hand to his side, then turned and stared at me. His expression was hard to read, but it quickly went blank. He had sent an officer to the hospital to interrogate Goon 1, but not to protect Goon 1 from Watson, who may want to ensure Goon 1 didn’t talk, or more likely, couldn’t talk.
He stared direct into my eyes. I returned the stare. Without taking his eyes off me, he yelled, “Jerry, call Captain Stacy. Ask if he can spare a couple of troopers to go to the hospital and stand guard outside whatever room the guy full of holes is in. Tell him it’s on the Watson case. He’ll know.
Jerry nodded, picked up his phone, and made the call.
I was standing in the doorway to the dispatch office. Cates came toward me, I assumed to thank me for my assistance, but that wasn’t his plan.
“You,” Cates said. “Get in the dispatch office. Jerry, keep an eye on this guy ‘til the task force gets back. I gotta have him too, so you’ve got the same orders as Franks.”
I hesitated to demonstrate my defiance at being ordered around. Cates stared at me. I pushed myself off the doorframe after a short but appropriate amount of time had passed, then went into the dispatch office.
Cates went back to the squad room and sat at the desk with the map, photos, and other documents.
I dropped into a large overstuffed chair, where I watched Cates through the glass that separated the rooms. His mouth was clenched shut and his facial expression was intense. His body language displayed a calm restlessness, as he slowly rocked back and forth in the desk chair, first drinking from his coffee cup, then staring at the various documents he held in his left hand, then checking his watch, as it ticked toward nine, then doing it all over again. He looked like a man possessed or obsessed. I wasn’t sure which.
I sank into the chair, leaned my head back, and closed my eyes. I took in a deep breath in an attempt to release my own tension, but that was not to be. A desk chair rolled across the floor and stopped near my feet. I opened my eyes to see Mick as he sat down in the chair.
Jerry was at the dispatch desk, looking at a folder of still shots from the video.
Mick had a single photo in his hand. He stared at the shot of the victim’s face, pressed against the window, holding it in his right hand and bouncing the edge off his left palm, as I’d had seen him do before. I had learned to read that body language.
I sat in silence and watched his face, as he gathered his thoughts.
He reached over to his right and tossed the photo, like a Frisbee, onto Jerry’s desk, then leaned forward in the chair, placing his elbows on top of his knees, and interlocking the fingers of both hands. He looked down at the floor, took in a slow breath, then exhaled.
“What the hell were you thinking,” he said, still leaning forward and looking at the floor.
Jerry glanced at Mick, then at me, then back at the file on his desk.
I paused and took in a deep breath. “I’m not really sure. I had to see what was going on inside that room, so I got out of the van and walked up to the window. I had no idea any of that was going to happen. It happened so fast.”
Mick’s forehead wrinkled and his eyes squinted. Without moving any other body part, he rotated his head to the left, toward me. “Not that, dumb ass. We all know why you did that. I’m talking about before that—in Kansas City. Were you thinking you would somehow fix it all without Rich finding out?”
He caught me completely off guard. I searched my mind for the right answer. There wasn’t one. “I thought I could handle it. I emailed Rich last night and planned to come clean on it all this morning. Then I got chased out of town by Watson’s goons.”
“It shouldn’t have waited 'til yesterday,” he shot back. ”It shouldn’t have waited ‘til the day before that, or even weeks before that. You should have handled before you took the job. You betrayed him…and Stell.”
He took a beat. I couldn’t look him in the eye, so I stared through the glass at Cates, as he continued to rock in his chair and flip through the file.
“You may come out a hero over the Watson bust, but you’re gonna have to answer for the other,” he said.
I nodded.
He got up and walked toward the door, stopped in the doorway, then turned back toward me. “And the worst part is, the Kansas City mess was nothing, or at least it wasn’t then. Now it is, and I’m not sure anyone can help you. Rich is mad. Stell is hurt. I’m not really sure what Cassie is, but you can bet you’ll know before this is over.”
He turned and walked out of the dispatch office, down the hall, and out of the building. I heard a car door slam, an engine start, and a vehicle drive away. Then it was quiet again. The dispatch radio hummed, as the teams maintained radio silence. Cates was still sitting at the desk, but he had a book in his hands, and as he read, he rocked off nervous energy and continued to check his watch.
There were very few of us left in the building. There wasn’t a cop in the county that Cates hadn’t commandeered to go after Watson.
I reached over to Jerry’s desk and picked up a copy of the locations and details provided by Goon 2. If he was being truthful, it accounted for millions of dollars in illegal drugs, weapons, and other contraband. The scope of Watson’s power and the territory he controlled were enormous.
“Cates really hates that guy,” I said to Jerry.
“Watson?” said Jerry.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Hate’s an understatement. He chased that guy for months. Almost wrecked his marriage and his career, watching him get away with one crime after another, then having his thugs take the fall. Watson’s vicious, and they all know it and would rather be in jail than tortured by him. Cates finally resigned from the task force and took over this job, when Roberts retired.”
“So I heard,” I said.
“Smitty promised to keep him in the loop out of courtesy. They’re a lot alike and work well together. Not something you see between most departments,” he said, as we both stared at Cates, who was oblivious to the fact that we were even in the building.
“Ironic that Cates chased that guy for so long and is going to bust him over what started as an auto fraud investigation,” I said. Jerry nodded.
We both sat in silence, the only sound being the squeak from Cates’s chair, keeping time with the tick of the large round clock on the dispatch office wall.
My ears were still ringing, but not as much as before. It had been hours since I drove out of the Hotel Vanderbilt garage. The teams had been gone for over two hours. It was close to 10 p.m. when I finally fell asleep. I was dead tired but couldn’t stay asleep. Images of the murder and the chase invaded my mind and caused me to jump as I slept. Couldn’t stay awake, and couldn’t stay asleep. It was a long night.


Chapter 32
I awoke to the sound of doors opening and footsteps—lots of them. The task force officers had returned and were amassing in the squad room. The clock in the dispatch office read 3:30 a.m. I sat up in the chair and leaned forward. My back was stiff and ached from sleeping in the chair.
Cates had moved to his office. He got out of his chair, walked to the squad room, and pushed his way past the officers to the front of the room. Smitty joined him there, where he laid a piece of paper on the desk in front of Cates.
I got up and walked to the squad room, taking a spot just inside and to the right of the doorway. I could barely see Cates over the larger task force officers.
He leaned over the desk and poked at the piece of paper, then looked back up at the officers. “We got 25 of Watson’s men,” he said, looking at Smitty.
The officers congratulated each other, as they slapped backs and shook hands.
Cates had his hands on his hips, looking down at the list, like a proud father looking at his newborn son. I thought he was going to pass out cigars.
“We have trucks hauling tons of contraband from those buildings,” said Smitty, as he pointed at the list of addresses. “Drugs, weapons, money, paraphernalia, you name it. If Watson had it stashed, we dug it up, and took it. We’re gonna need an airplane hangar to hold it all.”
Cates pulled a piece of paper from his shirt pocket, unfolded it, and laid it on top of the desk. “While you were gone, my guys pulled six pros out of the Vanderbilt, along with the manager and a couple of his flunkies. They’re all coolin’ their heels down at city lockup in Martin.”
“Where’s Watson?” came a booming voice from behind the crowd of black task force uniforms.
The room fell silent, as everyone turned and looked back toward the door where I was standing. A man in an expensive suit walked past me and parted the uniformed officers like Moses parting the Red Sea.
“Hello, Mayor, glad you could join us,” said Cates.
“I was briefed by my assistant on the way over. I’ll ask again. Where is Watson?” He had made his way to the desk and was staring directly at Cates. The mayor was tall and wide, but not muscular. I could see the bald crown of his head, under the hair that was combed from the front of his head to the back to cover the shine. He had a commanding voice and an overbearing demeanor. He towered over Cates and Smitty.
Smitty cleared his throat. “He…ah…he left just ahead of us, but we have a tail on him. Couple of my guys caught up to him on a road that leads to a private airstrip. We think he has more contraband at one of the hangers, so we’re givin’ him a little rope,” he said.
The mayor picked up the papers from the desk. “Be careful that the rope doesn’t end up around the wrong neck,” he said, as he scanned the documents.
“We’ll get him,” said Smitty, standing a little taller and sounding more assured of that answer than the first.
“I’m holding you both to that,” he said. He turned and retraced his steps through the crowd of officers, who came back together as he passed.
“Keep me informed,” he said, as he passed through the doorway and toward the exit, followed by his entourage, who were waiting in the hall.
Cates turned to Smitty. “Get Watson and I will get out of your hair.”
Smitty nodded, picked up the list, then huddled in the corner of the room with several other officers. Cates did the same with another group.
I had heard all I needed to hear. I had gotten a little rest, was a little stronger, mentally and physically, but hadn’t eaten in almost 24 hours. I hate missing meals. Saps my energy and makes me a little grumpy.
There was a kitchen across from dispatch, so I crossed the hall and went inside to forage for food. There were a couple of tables in the middle of the room, surrounded by the standard refrigerator, cabinets, countertop, coffee maker, and plastic utensils I’d seen in every other office kitchen.
There was a well-stocked vending machine and a soda machine, but everything except my clothes and shoes had been taken from me and bagged, so I couldn’t buy anything, and I wasn’t about to ask for money.
I opened the refrigerator and found a sandwich, some chips and a Coke that belonged to “JC,” according to the initials that were scribbled on the wrapping. That would do. I unwrapped the sandwich. It was tuna on wheat. I took that, the chips, and the Coke to the small table in the kitchen, sat down and ate. I preferred salad dressing over mayonnaise on my tuna, but I wasn’t complaining. I polished that off, then went back to the fridge, and got the Mounds bar I saw in the door. I ate that as well. Lunch and dessert. I felt much better.
I looked across the hall. The officers were still huddled into groups. I looked to the left, toward the dispatch office. Jerry was staring at me, smiling, and shaking his head. I was busted for eating “JC’s” sandwich. He went back to whatever he was doing. I got up and walked out of the kitchen to the squad room door.
I got Cates’s attention before I could lean on the door frame. “You,” he said, as he grabbed a pen and pad, rounded the desk, and came toward me. He grabbed my arm above the elbow and pulled. I planted a foot, causing him to jerk back toward me. I had been pulled one time too many.
He stopped and stared a hole through me.
I turned square to him and leaned over, almost looking down on him. “If you want me to do something, just ask, and I will do it. I’m not being dragged around like a criminal.”
He continued to stare, almost straight up at me, his face red, and a vein protruding from the center of his forehead. “How about I cuff your ass and toss you in the hole for a few days,” he said, still staring at me, the vein pulsating. I stared at him and thought about my next move.
There is a very fine line between challenging a cop’s authority and challenging his ego. One would bring me a bit of trouble, but the other would definitely land me in jail.
I felt the eyes of the entire room on us, as we each stood our ground. I hadn’t crossed that line yet, but there was no light between it and the end of my shoes. My first impulse was to shove my wrists out in front of me, but that would leave him no way out, and he wasn’t about to lose face in front of his men. I generally go with my first impulse in such situations, which generally doesn’t end well. He had to win, but I was tired of taking orders.
“If you will just tell me what you want me to do, I’ll do it. You don’t have to force me,” I said.
He continued to stare at me, still red-faced, vein still pulsating. I continued to stare down at him, awaiting his response. The line was drawn, hopefully on the other side of my toes.
“Take this pad and pen, sit at that desk, and start writing,” he said, pointing to a chair in front of a desk in the dispatch office with one hand, and holding the pad and pen out to me with the other.
I didn’t have to ask what to write. I knew. It was about Watson right then, but it would be about me later.
I took a beat, but it was short. I had made my point and didn’t want that to go on any longer. I took the pad and pen, without taking my eyes off Cates, then turned, walked over to the desk, and sat down. Cates stood in place for a few seconds, then went back into the squad room. I reached over to Jerry’s desk and picked up the file folder to use for reference. The video was time and date stamped, so I had a second-by-second account.
The air was thick and tense. There were about ten officers left in the building. Jerry continued to work. Most of the officers went back to what they were doing. Some glared at me, as though they wanted to cuff me themselves. Not to be intimidated, I stared through the glass into each room, until that few took their eyes off me and went back to work. Some took a little convincing.
I picked up the pen, looked at the pad, and questioned my next move. Should I try to get leverage before I cooperated? I rolled the pen between my first finger and thumb as I assessed my situation. I could probably put all my personal legal problems to rest with nothing more than a slap on the wrist, if I played this right. Cates needed my testimony to put Watson away, and he knew it. He wasn’t going to let him slip through his fingers.
I continued to roll the pen, as I watched Cates. He was back in the chair in the squad room, sipping coffee and rocking back and forth, as he listened to Smitty’s conversation with the few task force officers that remained.
He spewed adrenaline out of every orifice of his body. He had once jeopardized his marriage and his job and was on the hook with Smitty to get Watson or face the mayor. I guessed he would chew me up and spit me out, if I tried to extort a deal on the largest bust in the county, on a guy that almost cost him everything.
I pushed those thoughts aside and thought about Cassie and how this would affect our relationship. She had no idea of the mistakes I made before moving to Texas. Those were small at that time, but I had made them worse, far worse, since then. I had always admitted to my mistakes and accepted the punishment. Could I in good conscience work a deal on the Watson case in order to gain favor on my own lapse in judgment?
I weighed my crime against Watson’s, thought a few seconds more, clicked the pen, positioned the pad on the table, and started writing.
I was about five pages in when word came that Watson had been caught while trying to board a private jet to get out of the country. He would have made it had he not stopped to retrieve a five million dollar stash from a building that was not on the warrant list. The task force followed him there and closed in on him just as the door on the jet closed. They shot out a couple of tires and arrested everyone on board.
The shoulder sling was never found, but the dead guy was—at the house where Watson last stopped, before going to the airstrip. The arresting officer said the location was isolated, and it would have been years before anyone found the victim, had Watson not led them to him.
Watson was taken directly to jail and booked. He apparently “tripped in the elevator” at the jail and ended up getting a few stitches, before exchanging his designer threads for an orange jumpsuit.
According to the statement from Goon 2, the clerk was no better than Watson. He was skimming off the top of the drug money, building his own nest egg so he could get out, but Watson caught on. They were arguing about that in the hardware store. Goon 2 actually remembered me coming into the store, but it was irrelevant then, not so much now.
Watson was persuading the clerk to turn over the cash and leave town when the fight started. That’s when Watson stabbed him, and he fell against the sheet that covered the window.
The Camaro driver got caught between Watson and the clerk, threatened to go to the drug task force, and ended up dead and in a ditch. Goon 2 didn’t confess to that, but the white four-door sedan the witness saw could very well have been his.
I wrote until my hand cramped—137 pages, complete with references to the various videos. They wanted Watson on a platter, and I gave him to them.
I got up, walked into the squad room, and laid two pads of paper on Cates’s desk, along with the file folder from Jerry’s desk. He put down what had to be his tenth cup of coffee on his desk and flipped to the very last page.
“Sign and date it,” he said, as he dropped the pad on the desk and pointed to the bottom of the last page. I did.
He put the pads into a large envelope, sealed it, then took a black marker, and labeled the evidence.
“Do you have another pad?” I asked. Cates gave me a puzzled look, reached into a desk drawer, and pulled out another one. I was glad to see his face had returned to its normal color, and the vein had retreated into his skull. I assumed I would not be getting a Christmas card from him that year.
“Thanks,” I said.
I went back to the desk in the dispatch office, sat, and wrote my own confession. In hindsight, Mick was right. It all could have been handled with a couple of phone calls.


Chapter 33
I completed my confession. It was 23 pages long, and I didn’t leave anything out. My hand was so sore and cramped that I could barely let go of the pen.
By that time, Mick had returned and was sitting at a desk across from Cates. I walked into the room and handed the pad to Mick, but pulled it back before he was able to grasp it.
He stared up at me with a look of total confusion. I flipped to the last page, signed and dated it, then gave it back to him.
He read the first few lines on the first page and slowly nodded his head and upper body.
He looked back up at me without a word. I turned to walk out. Cates sat straight up in his chair, looked at me, then at Mick, and then back at me.
I went back to the leather chair in the dispatch office and left Mick to explain it all to Cates, if he wanted. It was 8:47 a.m. according to the clock in dispatch. I was spent, like everyone else in the office, as adrenaline was replaced by fatigue.
I watched Mick through the glass between the rooms as he read my confession, page-by-page. About 45 minutes had passed when he flipped the pages back up over the top of the pad and laid the pad down on the desk in front of him. He stared out the window and rocked in the chair, just as I had seen Cates do. He was thinking.
He got up from his chair, walked over to Cates, sat down next to his desk, and handed him my confession.
I had done my part. I laid my head back and tried to sleep, but couldn’t. I opened my eyes periodically and saw what appeared to be a heated discussion between Mick and Cates, as each quietly but firmly exchanged points of view on what I assumed to be my impending deposition. I could hear them but couldn’t make out their words. I assumed they were deciding which jail I would go to, since the local jails were all full of Watson’s goons.
I finally dozed off and woke an hour later. Cates was not in the squad room, and I couldn’t see his office from where I sat. I guessed he had gone home.
“Who the hell ate my sandwich,” screamed Cates. I had guessed wrong.
I looked at Jerry. He smiled but never looked up from his desk. I laid my head back to rest, but it didn’t last long. Mick walked in, my confession in hand, opened his mouth to speak, but didn’t. Instead, he turned, walked back out, and walked into an office across the hall. Shortly afterward, a deputy by the name of Carson came out of that office, and walked into dispatch.
“Come on, Mitch,” he said.
I got up and followed him to another room, where I was read my rights, booked, photographed, and fingerprinted. I prepared myself for a few days in jail and wondered if anyone would post bail. 
The deputy handed me an alcohol wipe to remove the ink from my fingers, then took me back to the dispatch office. The entire routine took a couple of hours. 
I was ordered not to leave the room. I complied.
I tried again to sleep but couldn’t. Another hour had passed when Deputy Carson came back into the room.
“Mitch?”
“Yeah,” I said, as I looked up, barely able to keep my eyes open. 
“You’re free to go. You are to report to court on this date at this time,” he said, as he pointed to the bottom of a piece of paper he had in his hand.
“If you’re late, or fail to show, the judge will have you arrested and jailed until the next hearing. I wouldn’t be late if I were you,” he said.
I stared at the paper, as I tried to process what had just happened. I pushed myself up from the chair and walked out of the dispatch office. I walked by the door of the office where Mick sat and looked in at him as I passed. He looked back, but neither of us spoke.
It was 3 p.m. when I walked out. I had been inside for over 24 hours. The blinding sun hit me like an interrogation light, made worse by the reflection off the windows of the cars parked several feet from the door. I took a couple of steps, then stopped. I had nowhere to go, and no idea how I would get there, if I did. Home was the logical answer, but the van was trashed, my car was in my garage, and I didn’t want to ask for a ride. I had no cell phone and no one to call.
The walk was too far, even if I wasn’t dead tired. I turned to go back inside and call a cab.
“You look like hell.” I turned back into the sunlight and saw the outline of two people, but couldn’t make them out. I shielded my eyes from the sun’s glare, and they became clear—very clear.
I paused and drew in a deep breath. “I feel like hell. It’s a matching set,” I said, thinking again that the situation needed a little humor, and again, it didn’t.
“Get in. I’ll take you home,” said Stell.
Cassie was standing next to her, arms crossed, looking as beautiful as ever. I wondered if I was about to experience that dump-truck-stopping punch Rich had mentioned when we first met.
I hesitated. I wanted to say something, but I didn’t want to talk about what had happened with Watson, and I certainly didn’t want to talk about my personal legal problems, so I said nothing.
“And don’t talk,” said Stell, which confirmed that my first inclination was correct.
“I’m mad as hell right now, and just want to get you home in one piece, since you can’t seem to manage that yourself.”
I assumed Cassie felt the same way, since she had not moved and had not said a word. They turned, walked to Stell’s car, got in, closed their door, and buckled up. I walked to the car and fell into the back seat, behind Cassie.
“And you’re going to pay to have my seat cleaned,” said Stell, glaring at me through the rearview mirror, just as I landed on the white interior of her car.
I was still wearing what I had on when the chase began. My clothes were dry, but had been soaked with sweat and mixed with the oil and antifreeze that blew in through the driver’s side window. I nodded.
We made the ten-minute drive to my house without a word.
She pulled into the driveway, stopped, moved the gearshift from “D” to “R,” and held her foot on the brake. I guessed they would not be seeing me in but worried that if I passed behind her car, the “R” would change from “Reverse” to “Run Over Mitch.”
“Thanks for the lift,” I said, as I got out.
They both stared straight ahead, as I exited the back seat.
“Welcome,” said Stell, a probable unintended reflex, a product of her southern upbringing.
I closed the door and stepped away from the car, as it backed down the drive. Cassie stared straight ahead. I was within reach of her, as the passenger’s side door rolled past me. Her mouth was clenched shut, but her eyes were red and tearing. I could see a very light trail from the bottom of her right eye to the bottom of her jaw, a flaw in her otherwise perfect makeup. Her facial expression, unlike Rich and Mick, did not contradict. She was hurt.
The car reached the bottom of the driveway and swung parallel to the street. Stell pulled on the gearshift, then drove away. I watched as she turned right at the next corner and then disappeared from sight.
I wasn’t sure why either of them came to my rescue. They were obviously mad, but not mad enough to abandon me completely. I had hope, but it was very small.
I went inside, where Sampson met me at the door. I fed him, showered, threw my clothes in the trash, then climbed into bed.


Chapter 34
That was the second worst day of my life. I called to thank them for picking me up, but after a week of no response, I quit. Stell called me about two weeks after that.
Our first conversation was long and hard. I got double-teamed, as the conversation went from anger over my withholding information on my personal legal issues, which she called lying—I had never told anyone, so technically, she was not wrong—to anger that I almost got myself killed. In my defense, the Watson issue was not my fault, but she didn’t see that my way either, so I took the verbal beating. It was a step toward reconciliation. She finally moved on, from anger to support.
I didn’t understand Cassie’s emotions on the day they picked me up. Since then, I have learned that all the small talk had not been in vain. She had feelings, deep feelings, but she has held on to her stubborn rule that she won’t date fellow employees. She hasn’t broken that rule, or given me any indication that she plans to, and while I’m no longer an investigator at the agency, my future is questionable, so I’m not pushing the issue.
One or the other has been at my trial almost every day. Even though they have forgiven me, I can’t erase from my mind the look on their faces the day they dropped me off.
I’ve made peace with Mick since that day too. After reading my statement, he understood. He didn’t agree and thought I was a complete ass for getting myself into this mess, but he understood. According to Stell, he argued on my behalf and convinced Cates to release me into her custody. She rescued me, just as she rescued Rich.
Now, sitting in court, I look down at my right hand and rub the muscle between my thumb and first finger. It took about a week to stop hurting, after all the writing. The memories are still fresh in my mind, like it all happened yesterday. Reliving it all at the Watson trial, didn’t help any.
Jackson’s briefcase lands on the table, and he sits down in the chair beside me. The courtroom is nearly empty.
“The judge is in and is considering our last motions. We are going to reconvene at three today,” he says. “Get some air, and meet me back here at 2:45, and don’t be late. This will end today.”
I stare at him and replay his words in my mind. Do I need fresh air because I will not be getting any for the next one to five years?
“Okay,” I say. The reality of sentencing hit me in the gut.
The bailiff announces the same information, and the few people who are already in the gallery get up and move toward the exit.
I look over my shoulder to see Rich as he gets up to leave. He has been here every day, but I’m not sure why. Sure, his name and his company have been dragged into this, but he isn’t going to testify. According to Jackson, he was asked if he wanted to make a “victim impact statement,” but he declined.
It’s 1:45, so I have an hour before the judge rules, and I need to honor Stell’s request. I owe her that. I swallow what little pride I have left, get up, walk through the banister gate, and wait in the aisle, as Rich makes his way toward me.
“Rich.” He turns and stares at me without a word. “Can we meet across the street? I need to talk to you before we reconvene.”
He looks down at Stell. I see his jaw tighten, as he reads her face. Her non-verbal response is very clear.
He looks back at me. “Sure,” he says, not appearing too happy about the idea. “I’ll be across in a few minutes.”
I leave ahead of him, cross the street to the Crosstown Bar, take a seat in the back, and order what may be my last beer for a while.


Chapter 35
Rich walks through the door a few minutes later. I lean out and give him a wave. He walks back and sits down opposite me.
“Thanks for seeing me, Rich. Something to drink?” I ask.
He half-nods, half-shrugs. I wave to the bartender, point to my beer, and then to Rich. She pulls one from the cooler, grabs a glass, and pours as she walks. She sits the full glass and the bottle in front of Rich and leaves.
“I owe you an explanation, and I don’t want the judge to have me dragged out of the building before I have a chance to do that.”
“The prosecutor wanted to explain,” Rich says, “but I’ll tell you what I told him. Save the explanation. All I want is restitution. You committed fraud, you admitted to it, now you have to pay. Anything more is up to the court. Simple as that.”
“It’s not quite that simple, and you need to know the whole story.”
“I know all I need to know,” he says.
He’s slumped over at the shoulders, leaning on his elbows, with his lip stuck out. He looks like a big kid who’s been put in timeout. He has to put in his time, to appease Stell, but he doesn’t have to like it.
“I want to clear my conscience,” I say.
“Maybe you should see a priest,” he says firmly, now staring me straight in the eyes.
A moment passes. He inhales then exhales. “I told Stell I would listen, so I’m listening,” he says, resigned to the fact that he has to hear me out.
I take a long slow drink and form my thoughts, knowing my explanation has to be short and to the point, not only to keep his attention, but to ensure I make my date with the judge.
“The construction business in Kansas City took the same hit as every other business, a few years back,” I say. “We laid people off, expenses caught up to revenue, and it was all we could do to keep the doors open, but I stayed with the company.”
I take another drink. Apologies aren’t exactly my strong suit, and I have an ex-wife who will gladly testify to that.
“Money was tight and labor was expensive, so Mike asked me to help on a weekend side job, to bring in extra cash. I hadn’t done that kind of work in years, but the work wasn’t too heavy, and I wanted to help out.” I sense his impatience as I speak.
“I’ve got a bad back, and have had for some time, but it had been fine until that day. I pulled a muscle and could do little more than sit or lay down.”
He stares at his beer and swirls it around in his glass.
“The doc tried everything but couldn’t get me out of pain. I had to take off work. The company eventually went under, and I had no way to support myself, so I filed my back injury under his work comp policy.”
Rich interrupts. “So you had a legit injury and filed a claim. I don’t see the problem.”
“You’re right, but that wasn’t the problem. The insurance company paid for the medical treatment, and paid a part of my wages, but it wasn’t much. I could barely get around, and the winter weather didn’t help, so I came south, to recover in a warmer climate. The construction industry was going to be flat for a while, and I needed to work. That’s when we met.”
I paused to take a breath. “I went to work for you but didn’t tell the insurance company. I didn’t tell you that I was still treating my back and being paid by the insurance company. I cashed about six weeks of checks while I was getting paid by you, but I tossed the ones after that into a drawer. In hindsight, I should have told them I was working and sent them back. I got busy on the Watson file and just didn’t do it. Then I missed a couple of doctor’s appointments, and they finally stopped sending the checks altogether, which was fine by me. I had ten weeks of checks in the drawer that were never cashed and never returned.”
He slowly nods his head and upper body, as he continues to swirl the beer in the bottom of the glass.
“In my mind, I had to see if I could actually do the job before I told them I was working, and when I saw that I could, I stopped cashing the checks. But I had already cashed the six checks while you were paying me. It’s not a lot of money, and according to Jackson, that’s not what they’re mad about. It’s the part that involves your company that set them off. They just piled the ten weeks of uncashed checks on top to get a stiffer sentence.”
I take a drink to give Rich time to respond.
“And that’s where I came in,” he says. He appears locked, loaded, and ready to fire, after remaining completely silent on the subject for a year. According to Stell, he simply refused to discuss it with anyone, including her.
“I don’t care about the checks and I don’t care about the charges against you,” he says. “That’s between you and them. What I’m pissed about is you dragged me into this with one of my largest and most loyal clients. Do you have any idea what I had to go through to set that straight? Do you know what it cost me?”
He glares at me. His eyebrows close in as he speaks.
He shakes his head from side to side, swirls the beer in his glass, downs what’s left, then sits the glass on the corner of the table. On cue, the bartender replaces it with a fresh one.
“That’s where I got trapped,” I say. “When I got the text from the insurance company, I knew I had a problem. I thought I could work it out, but never really came up with a plan.”
“Why didn’t you come to me before you took the case? I could’ve fixed that. Six weeks of comp is how much, a couple thousand dollars? That’s lunch money. I would have loaned it to you,” he says. His face reddens. He takes a long drink.
“Instead, you end up investigating yourself. Do you know how ridiculous that sounds? No wonder you could never find Morgan. You were sitting in my van, filming your own house, and billing my client for it!” He turns up the glass, drinks the rest of his beer, then sits it on the table next to the wall. I sit in silence, sensing that he’s not through.
“Hell, as many Morgans as there are in this county, it never dawned on me that you got your own file, which I never saw by the way. I only had a last name, and I got that from Cassie, and that’s all she had. Then I had to haul my ass and all my files to St. Louis for an audit. They spent the first day ripping me a new one, wanting to know what kind of business I was running, and how my investigator managed to investigate his own claim. They all but accused me of running a scam, and accused you of outright fraud, and they were right about you. They spent the next two days going over every invoice I had sent them over the three years prior to that. They never mentioned anything about six weeks of comp. They were too mad and too embarrassed about the money they paid me to have you run surveillance on yourself!”
He stops and takes a deep breath.
He’s panting from anger, so I offer more information to give him time to settle down. “I got a text from Cassie the day before Watson’s crew tried to kill me, telling me to close the file and get to the office. I assumed you knew everything by then, so I typed an email, attached my report, and sent it to you the night of the murder. I had planned to come in the next morning, to fill in the details and make a full confession, but…well… you know the rest.”
I pause, to let him speak, but he doesn’t.
“So, how did you find out?” I ask.
His eyes open wide, as he lifts his head. “Oh, you never heard that story, did you? The claims adjuster called and asked for another investigator, since he hadn’t heard from you and had not received a report from Cassie. He told me his assistant called Cassie and ordered a rush on the file, so Cassie had it sent straight to you. All Cassie had was a last name. Since we don’t disclose investigators’ names to anyone, there was no way for the adjuster to make the connection. You had all the information, and I didn’t realize you hadn’t filed a report. I had a long conversation with Cassie about that, by the way, and we now have a new policy, thanks to you.”
This is news to me. I make a mental note to add that to the list of apologies, then sit in silence while Rich gathers his next thought.
“Cassie didn’t have a report or video, but why would she? There was no way for you to do that, unless you dragged yourself out of the van and danced around in front of the damn camera!”
The other bar patrons look our way, as Rich raises his voice. He stops and takes a deep breath to compose himself.
His voice drops to a normal level. “I didn’t know what to think so that’s when—”
”You sent Cam by.” I finish his sentence. Suddenly, it makes sense.
“That’s why he was on the garbage truck,” I say.
“Yep. I told him to find out why you couldn’t find that guy. So, he dressed up as a garbage man, and don’t ask me how he got on the truck, but he did. He put your trash bags in a corner of the truck where they wouldn’t get crushed, then flipped them into the back of his truck, which he had parked along the route.” He takes another deep breath.
“Imagine how shocked I was when he came back with a paycheck stub from my company with your name on it, and told me where he got it, and that he followed you from there to a medical building. While you were inside, he made a couple of calls, and found out you were being treated for a back injury and had a comp claim with my client. That’s when I told Cassie to find you, pull you off the case, and have you in my office the next morning. I was madder than hell and thought you set up this entire scam.”
He pauses. Then the tone of his voice changes. “I finally got you on the phone and was ready to let you have it, but I never got the chance. Instead, I got a front row seat to the audio version of you running for your life. The sound from the gunfire was deafening. The only way I knew you were still alive was from the sound of the engine. When I realized what was happening, I hit the record button on my phone, got Cassie to call Mick, and we raced to this side of the overpass to wait, hoping you weren’t dead before you got there. Later, Mick filled me in on your conversations about Watson.”
I detect a very small crack in his voice, as he relives the audio version of what I had experienced in real life. There is concern in his voice, as he speaks. He trusted me once, valued my integrity and my loyalty, and I destroyed that. I suddenly understand why he refused to discuss it, up until now. I would’ve done the same.


Chapter 36
We sit in silence for what seems like a very long time, but is actually a couple of minutes.
I stare at my glass of beer and ponder Rich’s last words. The whole story sounds so far-fetched as I hear it told back to me.
Rich continues. “Once I figured out what had happened, I had all your invoices pulled and spent the entire night adding up the fees and expenses. I finished at about eight the next morning, then had Cassie cut a check, and mail it to the insurance company, but it was too late.”
“How much,” I ask.
“How much what?”
“How much did you pay?”
“Does it matter?”
“Yes it matters. I have to pay you back.”
He scoffs. “Pay me back! You don’t even have a job, unless you count the rent-a-cop job at the mall. They’re hard on crime around here. You’ll be lucky if the judge doesn't toss your ass in jail for the next year, and last I heard, you don’t get paid for sitting in a jail cell.”
“I don’t know how,” I say, staring at Rich, “but I’m paying you back and you’re taking it.” The bar patrons are now looking at me. I take a deep breath and regain control.
Rich raises one eyebrow, cocks his head, and rolls his eyes up to me, then back down to the table.
“Five thousand,” he says.
I had taken a drink, and was about to swallow, just as he spoke. I choke, but manage to get it down.
“Okay,” I say, hoarse from almost choking on my beer.
I clear my throat. “What about the van,” I ask.
“Whaddyamean?”
“I wrecked your van, and I have to pay for it.”
“Technically, you didn’t wreck it. Watson’s cronies shot it full of holes while you were in it. You were trying to do the right thing and almost got your head blown off. What kind of jerk would I be if I made the town hero pay for a stinking van. Besides, I turned it in on insurance. Apparently, drug runners shooting holes in a van is a covered loss.”
“Who would’ve guessed it,” I say.
We sit in silence for a few a minutes, not knowing where to go next.
“So where did you get the guy on the video?” Rich asks.
“What guy?”
“The guy in the blue pickup. I assumed you hired him,” he says.
For an instant, I’m upset that he thinks I would do that, but given the circumstances, why would he think otherwise. With all the excitement, I had forgotten about that guy. I laugh—a little too much.
Rich’s face is red. He is not yet in a laughing mood and thinks I actually hired an impersonator.
“He looked just like you from a distance, but about 25 pounds heavier. What did you do, swipe a costume from Cam, and film yourself?” he asks. The look on his face grows more tense as each second passes. As funny as it is to me, I have to let him off the hook before he takes a swing at me.
“Pure dumb luck,” I say. “My landlord sent his maintenance man to check on a leaky faucet. I forgot he was coming and happened to be there, cameras rolling, when he pulled up. The guy looked a lot like me from a distance, so I taped him. I sent the video to you the night of the murder, with a report saying this guy ‘resembled the target,’ which he did. I needed to buy time until I could get to the office the next morning, so I left it at that. It wasn’t a lie, technically, since he did look like me. I must have called the landlord a half dozen times, with some problem or another, trying to get that guy back to the house, so I could get more film, but it never worked out. I saw him once after that, but he got away again. That was the only video I had, so I sent it in. As I wrote in the email, I was coming in the next morning to tell you the entire story, nothing left out, take my lumps, and accept the punishment.”
Rich smiles and then laughs. I laugh with him. “Just when you think you’ve seen it all,” he says.
It’s the first smile I’ve seen on this face, since the day I was arrested. It’s a start. He shakes his head and smiles. It’s a hard story to believe.
“Is that it?” Rich asks.
“Think so,” I say.
We both go silent. I search my mind for something more to say. “Tell Cam he has a tell.”
“You mean the chin wave thing,” he says.
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“I’ve got to talk to him about that. If you and Cassie can figure that out, then it won’t be long before someone else does the same,” he says.
He pauses and stares at his hands. “There must be a thousand damn Morgans in this county. Who would’ve guessed you would draw your own claim,” he says, laughing longer and louder than before.
“Yeah, who knew,” I say, as I laugh along with him. It’s a nervous laugh for us both. The look on his face is less tense, and the knot in my gut is less tight.
“Well, I’ve got to go,” he says, as he pushes his chair back. “Stell is probably losing water, waiting on me to tell her what happened, so I need to rescue her from her impatience.” He pauses. “You know if it wasn’t for her—”
“Yeah, I know,” I say, cutting him off mid-sentence. “We’re both lucky to have her.”
He nods. It’s quiet again. 
“Look,” I say quickly, “I know I screwed up, but—“
“Yeah, I know,” he says, cutting me off. “You filled in a lot of blanks, and I get it. What you told me is much different than what I had assumed. You could have handled it better, but I get it.”
It’s quiet again. We both know the conversation is over, but I can’t think of a less awkward way to end it.
“Good luck with the judge. Who knows what he’ll do, but whatever it is, you’ll get through it,” he says.
“Thanks. I’m sure I will.”
We both stand. He sticks his hand out, we shake, and then he turns and walks away.
I stand beside the booth until he leaves, then sit back down. I have thirty minutes before court reconvenes, and I don’t want to spend a minute longer than I have to sitting in that room, watching Wendy the stenographer perform a cosmetic makeover on her various body parts.


Chapter 37
Another twenty minutes pass before I leave the restaurant and walk back to the courthouse. As I walk in, I see Jackson and Rich at the front of the courtroom, talking to the court clerk. Jackson has pen in hand, writing on a piece of paper that lies on the clerk’s desk. I take my seat, just as they both walk back to their respective seats.
 “Looks like this is it,” Jackson says. “You okay?”
“I’m fine,” I reply, but I’m not. My gut aches.
I glance at the clock. Its 2:45 p.m. Jackson unpacks his case in the reverse order from which he packed it earlier. He lays each document out in neat order, continually arranging each as he places one on top of another. I have seen all these documents before.
The page entitled “Charges” gets my attention. I know what they are, but I’ve not seen the actual list.
1. Workers Compensation Claims Fraud
2. Embezzlement
3. Theft
4. Theft by Deception
I stop reading. What a mess.
It took six months to get Watson to trial and another three months to get to this day. There were over 30 boxes of evidence. I spent several days on the stand, as Watson’s attorney grilled me about every frame of video. He tried to bring my upcoming trial into it, but the judge shut that down before he uttered the first words of his opening statement.
The list of charges against me for crimes unrelated to Watson were “held in abeyance,” which according to Jackson is lawyer-speak for “we’ll get to it later.” I guessed they wanted to see how cooperative I would be and didn’t want my case to taint Watson’s.
Watson went on trial, blaming Goons 1 and 2 for the murder of the clerk and the Camaro driver. Goons 1 and 2 flipped on him. He literally got a 500-year sentence in addition to the death penalty for killing Ricky “T-Max” Merchant, the hardware store clerk, who I only knew as “the victim” until I heard his name at the trial. He was as bad as the rest of them, but his was an awful death that no one should suffer and no one should have to witness.
Goon 1 testified, confirming the statement Goon 2 gave on the day of the chase. His testimony was needed, but not necessary. The video of Merchant’s face sliding down the window, with the goons and Watson standing behind him, knife in Watson’s hand, was the clincher.
It took less than three hours for the jury to convict him, and over an hour for the judge to read the sentence. All of the twenty-plus goons that the task force rounded up pled and turned state’s evidence. Once they learned of the video tape and that Goon 2 gave up names and locations the night of the big bust, they started flipping like flapjacks at the IHOP, all the way up to Abernathy, who is in jail in Detroit, awaiting trial.
We all thought Watson would flip on Abernathy, but he never did. By the time the task force sorted out all the evidence from the local busts, they had enough to tie them both to the Parkway residence, the storage facility, the hardware store, and the prostitution ring at the Vanderbilt. They were still rounding up a few lower-level thugs at the end of his trial.
Bogie was particularly happy when he found out Watson was the one with all the pull at the hotel. Not that it helped him any—he just hated not knowing.
I never cut a deal, and no one asked me if I wanted to. I did the right thing—pled guilty to all charges and asked for a sentencing hearing. I was warned by the prosecutor that my plea did not guarantee I wouldn’t do jail time. It would be as though a jury had found me guilty, and the judge had the discretion to let me off or “throw the book at me,” as they say in the old crime movies.
I’m not exactly thrilled at the thought, and Jackson is less thrilled, but he doesn’t have to defend me, he just has to do the best he can on sentencing, which is what he’s been discussing with the prosecutor for the past three weeks. His plan is to propose a punishment to the judge and have the prosecutor simply remain silent on it, not agreeing or disagreeing. The judge will take it from there. Finding a punishment the prosecutor will not object to has been the problem.
Jackson picks up the paper he brought from the clerk’s desk and lays it on the stack. “Restitution” is written across the top. I pull it from the stack. Jackson shoots me an annoyed glare, sighs, and turns his attention back to whatever is on the other side of his briefcase.
The list reads,
1. Insurance Company of Missouri – Wage loss payments, 6 weeks: $4,844.88
2. Callahan Investigation Agency – Invoice, Insurance Company of Missouri: $5,000
3. Fines/Court cost – TBA
It could be much worse. Jackson returned all the checks I didn’t cash, forcing the insurance carrier to remove them from their total damages, which made the fraud charges look much less severe.
I notice a handwritten note, at the bottom of the page, in Jackson’s handwriting. “Restitution – Paid in Full by RC.” I turn to ask Jackson what it means.”
“All rise,” says the bailiff.
I stand to await His Honor, Judge Jessie Pants, who actually turns out to be Her Honor. I quickly examine her. She is tall, well-kept, and wears a wedding band on her left hand. She has a stern, no-nonsense look on her face as she picks up the papers and sits.
“Be seated,” she says.
The fact that she actually married into the name Jessie Pants makes me chuckle, which draws a sharp glare from Jackson.
The judge scans the documents. “I’m sorry to have kept you all waiting so long,” she begins.
“While the court generally makes its decisions based on statute and precedent, it does work closely with local business and social leaders to ensure those decisions are not averse to the objectives of the state or local communities. I consult those leaders when a case presents special circumstances that require consideration outside the norm. This is one such case. While the charges pending in this court are criminal, and have been brought by the State of Texas, the activity leading to those charges, caused monetary damages to the Insurance Company of Missouri and Callahan Investigation Agency. Both have submitted documentation requesting restitution, and both will be considered in my decision.”
She pauses and flips through some of the paperwork before continuing. “I have also had multiple conversations with the president of the Insurance Company of Missouri, who finally agreed that this would be the only trial on this matter, that no additional charges would be brought in Missouri, and that he would abide by my decision on sentencing. That was part of an agreement reached with the prosecutor and Mr. Jackson. The prosecutor and defense counsel, with some much-appreciated assistance from certain business leaders, came to an agreement on punishment, literally minutes before we reconvened. While the court is not bound by that agreement, it is common in many courts to accept such agreements, or plea bargains, as they are commonly called. This case is somewhat different, in that the defendant entered a guilty plea some time ago, leaving little left to bargain, and giving the court full authority to sentence accordingly.”
“However,” she adds, “there are mitigating factors, and I want the record to clearly reflect that those factors were considered in my decision. Having done that, I am prepared to rule. This will take a few minutes, so everyone get comfortable.” 
There is a low rumble in the gallery, followed by shuffling of the onlookers as they settle in. My stomach drops.
“I have to say, Mr. Morgan,” she says, turning to me, “that you have split the vote, so to speak. Half the people I talked to want to brand you a hero, and the other half, namely those in the State of Missouri, simply want to brand you. Given the aforementioned agreement, I will save you all the displeasure of repeating their exact words, but suffice it to say, they are no unwarranted, and I am not in total disagreement. You committed fraud against that company…twice, I might add. Your only saving grace, Mr. Morgan, is that I am here, and they are not, so be thankful for that.”
I can do without the branding, truth be told, but I don’t think she is asking if I have a preference, so I sit, without expression.
She continues. “I do want you to understand that in my court, the monetary damages to the victims of your crime is not the issue. It’s the act of fraud itself, the violation of the law, that is most important, and the punishment I render in this court is meant to deter future crimes of this nature. It’s just that simple. Granted, this is your first offense, and in most courts, you would likely get away with a hand slap, restitution, and court cost. However, we are a law-abiding community, and we stay that way by punishing criminals to the fullest extent of the law, based on the fact that an offense has been committed, not the monetary damages resulting from that offense.”
“But,” she adds, then pauses, leaving that “but” hanging in the air like a London fog, as she pulls out a tissue to clean her glasses. “There are mitigating circumstances, subsequent to your fraud offense, that should be weighed, specifically your actions on the Jacob Watson case. I will agree with some that it was dumb luck, that you happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, at least where the murder of Mr. Merchant is concerned, but instead of immediately notifying the authorities, you chose to not only put your life at risk, but also the lives of those around you. Not a good choice, Mr. Morgan.”
I’m a dumb ass, got it.
“During the course of these proceedings, as I learned more about you and your personality, I found you to be overly averse to asking for assistance. Maybe, Mr. Morgan, you should rethink that flaw in your personality,” she says.
I’m also a stubborn idiot. Got that. Pull the trigger, already.
“On the other hand, and forgetting for a moment that I don’t agree with your actions, you displayed a level of courage I rarely see. While you may have stumbled upon a crime, and while you could have gotten in your vehicle and kept driving until Cross Creek was a speck in your rearview mirror, you didn’t. You not only obtained evidence vital to the prosecution in the Watson case, you willingly put yourself in danger to get that evidence to the authorities. Your actions brought down a large and growing criminal element that has concerned this court and the citizens of this community for some time, an element we have worked hard to keep out of this community. For that, I want to extend my personal thanks, and the thanks of this community.”
Maybe I should stand, and take a bow, I thought. …Or not.
“While that alone is impressive, I am most impressed by the fact that you had every opportunity to withhold your testimony in exchange for a plea deal that would have negated these entire proceedings, but you chose to admit your mistake and provided the prosecutor with a complete testimony, pled guilty without solicitation, and chose to abide by the decision of this court. You never asked for leniency in exchange for your testimony, and you never asked for a deal. Instead, you allowed counsel and the prosecutor to work out an agreement. That fact was not lost on the folks in Missouri, by the way, and those actions played a part in their decision not to prosecute you a second time.”
She picks up a final piece of paper. “I have in front of me the recommended punishment that was agreed upon by your attorney and the prosecution, and I have the discretion to accept it, amend it, or toss it out completely, and impose my own sentence. I’m certain some people think your actions were those of a fool. While that may be the case, those actions go far above and beyond the offenses that bring you before this court. In my opinion, you are a man of honesty and integrity that made an error in judgment, nothing more.” 
She pauses, again.
“I saw some of the video and got a firsthand account of the chase from Mr. Callahan, as he heard it broadcast over your cell phone. That was quite a ride, Mr. Morgan. Remind me not to ride with you,” she says.
There is some laughter from the gallery. I can only smile. Her face softens, but only for a moment.
“With that, I am ready to render my decision. Mr. Morgan, would you please rise.”
My knees quiver, as I push myself up from the chair. I may puke all over Jackson’s $300 shoes. I look over to the bailiff to see if he’s twirling his cuffs around his fingers. He is not.
Wendy stares wide-eyed at the judge, and then at me. She has typed more in the last ten minutes than she has the entire week prior to this.
“Before I pass judgment I want to remind you that you have the right, at this time, to withdraw your plea and have your case heard in this court before a jury of your peers. That jury may or may not find you guilty of any or all charges, and if you are found guilty of one or more of these charges, the sentence from this court may or may not differ from that which you will receive today. Mr. Morgan, do you understand those rights?”
“I do, your Honor.”
“And do you wish to change your plea?”
“No, your Honor.”
“Very well. We’ll proceed with sentencing.”
She pulls a piece of paper from the stack, adjusts her glasses, and begins.
“In the case of The State of Texas vs. Vincent Mitchell Morgan, having pled guilty to all offenses brought by the state, I hereby sentence you to six months of probation, with some stipulations.” 
There is an audible rumble from the gallery.
“Quiet,” she adds, as she peers over her glasses at the gallery. She pauses and flips to the next page.
“You are hereby ordered to relinquish your private investigator’s license for a period of not less than six months. During that time, you will provide 50 hours of community service, and log those hours with my clerk.”
She stops and looks at me. “And I mean real community service, Mr. Morgan. Don’t let me read that you are attending black-tie affairs to benefit some social injustice, and calling that community service, or I will provide you a list of my own, that will, let’s say, allow you to get more in touch with those in need of those services.”
She paused and continued to stare at me. I thought I should say something, but only nodded. Probably a better choice.
She turned her attention back to the paper in her hand. “You will also pay restitution through the court in the amount of $4,844.88 in damages to the Missouri Insurance Company and $5,000 in damages to Callahan Investigation Agency, plus fines and court costs in the amount of $2,000, for a total of $11,844.88.”
The court reporter pulls a piece of paper from her desk, stands, and hands it to the judge.
They whisper back and forth. The judge glares at the clerk, then ends the discussion. I didn’t hear her words, but her lips said, “why didn’t you tell me?” and not in a nice way.
“It seems, Mr. Morgan, that restitution, court costs, and fines have all been paid by another party. Mr. Jacobs has that information, so see him regarding repayment.”
She drops that piece of paper, and continues. “Finally, your case will be reviewed in six months to determine if you have complied with the order of the court, at which time the court will consider reduction of all charges to misdemeanors, which will allow you to apply for reinstatement of your investigator’s license, if you so choose.”
I turn to Jackson and reach to shake his hand, but the celebration is put on hold, as the judge bangs her gavel.
“We’re not through here, Mr. Morgan.” I wipe the smile from my face and turn myself and my attention back to the judge.
“I want to be very clear on this point. I don’t take your crime lightly, and if not for your actions subsequent to this crime, we would be having an entirely different conversation, one that would require the assistance of the bailiff and the arrangement of your accommodations for the next several months. If see you in my courthouse at any time over the next six months for as much as a jaywalking ticket, I will impose alternative sentencing that will not be to your liking. Do we understand each other?” She pauses as she stares at me.
I realize I have never really understood the phrase “the silence was deafening” until that moment. The only sound I could hear was my own heartbeat. I nod.
“Do you have anything to say to the court?” she asks.
“No ma’am. Thank you,” I reply.
I feel Jackson’s eyes on me and know he thinks I should say something more, but for the life of me, I don’t know what it would be.
She bangs her gavel. “Court’s adjourned.”
“All rise.” says the bailiff.
The judge leaves through the side door. The gallery is noisy, as they move toward the exit and discuss their opinions.
I’m dumbstruck. My knees are shaking and my heart is racing. I turn to Jackson and give him a big hug that is more than a little uncomfortable for both of us.
“Thank you,” I say, as I vigorously shake his hand.
“Don’t thank me, thank Rich and Stell.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean Rich and Stell paid your fines, court costs, and restitution to the insurance company. After you met with Rich and gave him the rest of the story, which he refused to hear from me, by the way, he gathered up a couple of the town leaders, lobbied the judge for probation, got the prosecutor to agree, and advised the judge that he would pay all the fines and restitution, and collect it from you directly. You are done with the court, except for community service. I will set that up for you,” he says.
I stand, mouth open in shock from what I just heard. I have just dodged a bullet bigger than the one fired from the goon’s 357.
“Before you do another thing, I suggest you hop over that rail, thank them, and work out a payment plan. I’ll send you my bill. I guess you’ll need a payment plan for that as well.” He grabs his briefcase, turns, and leaves.
I stand in place, trying to compose myself. My legs feel like lead, but I get them to move, walk through banister gate, and meet Rich and Stell, as they reach the aisle.
I stare at Rich. “Why?”
“Ask Stell, it was her idea,” he says.
I look down at Stell. She sucks in a lung full of air and rolls her eyes at Rich. “Men are idiots,” she says, drills her elbow into Rich’s hip, turns, and walks toward the exit. He winces.
Cassie slides out into the aisle, circles around Rich, gives me a tight hug, and a peck on the cheek, then follows Stell.
I look back at Rich for an explanation. “Thanks. I don’t know wh—”
Rich cuts me off mid-sentence. “Don’t say anything and don’t thank me yet, partner. You’re going work for Cassie for the next six months. You think Watson’s goons were tough? I’ve had to live with her every day until she finally decided to talk to you and make peace. It wasn’t a pretty sight. She forgave you, but she wants her pound of flesh as payment for dragging us into your personal mess. You may wish the judge had tossed you in jail.”
“Besides,” he adds, “I need to keep you where I can see you, if I want to get my money back. Hope you like overtime, cause I don’t like long payment plans.”
He laughs, slaps me on the side of the arm, turns, and walks toward the exit. “Get some rest. See ya Monday,” he says, as he waves back over his shoulder.
I look at Stell, who is standing near the door. She winks and smiles, as Rich walks by and puts his arm around her shoulder. She pulls next to him and they both walk out.
Cassie smiles and waves. “See you Monday.” She turns and leaves.
The stenographer gathers up her equipment, places it in a rolling case, then pulls it behind her as she clomps across the courtroom and out the side door. The bailiff follows her.
The local news reporter walks toward the door, head down, scribbling on a pad.
“Comment, Mr. Morgan?” he asks.
I pause. “No.”
He shrugs, then leaves. The courtroom is quiet. Everyone is gone except me. I take a last look around the room, walk to the exit, flip out the lights, and leave.

###
Acknowledgements
To Lisa, Aimee and Jared. 

Connect with the Author
If you would like to connect with Mark about this novel, you may do so via email at mitchmorganinvestigator@gmail.com.

Within Eyeshot is the first in the Mitch Morgan series. If you enjoyed reading this novel, please consider leaving a review on Mark’s Smashwords page. Also, look for the sequel, Hope’s Diamond, scheduled for distribution on Smashwords in 2015. For a sneak peak, read the first chapter of Hope’s Diamond at the end of this novel.


Hope’s Diamond
Chapter 1
On the one-year anniversary of the judge’s ruling, I got a text from Rich, asking me to be in his office at 7:30 the next morning.
It had been a long year. I completed the six-month probation handed down to me by Judge Jessie Pants and worked another three months while my license was reinstated, plus an additional three months just for the pure hell of it, before Rich allowed me back into the field. I think he extracted a little more than his proverbial “pound of flesh.” But I did my time with no complaints, since I was back where I wanted to be and near the people—or rather, the person—I wanted to be near and doing what I liked doing. My past transgressions were reduced to misdemeanors at my post-probation hearing, and I was free and clear, with the exception of a few payments left owing to Jackson Jacobs.
I awoke that day to Sampson sitting on my chest, staring me in the eye, wanting breakfast. It was 6 a.m. and my alarm was set to go off a few minutes later, so I rolled him off, got up, fed him, showered and left for the office.
I arrived at exactly 7:30 a.m. and was greeted with balloons, streamers, and a banner that read “Happy Anniversary” stretched across the wall behind the reception desk. The entire office was present, along with Stell and Mick.
Cassie sat a large box on top of the reception desk and then lifted out a cake that read “Pardoned” in large red block letters. Underneath that was a jail cell, made of black icing, with a very poor likeness of me. I had never actually been thrown in jail, but I got the point.
“Funny,” I said. “Not enough real work to do around this place?”
I exchanged a few words with Bogie, Skeeter, and Mick, all of whom got in their own personal barbs. I got a tight hug from Stell and Cassie and a firm handshake from Rich. That, I felt, put the matter to rest, never to be brought up again. I was ready to move on.
We spent the next hour in general conversation, ate cake, drank Coke, and enjoyed each other’s company as one of us tried to outdo the other with war stories of past cases. It’s typical conversation when investigators get together, pure entertainment for us, but eventually nauseating for those on the outside. Watson’s name never came up and hadn’t for some time.
Mick left to go on patrol, Skeeter and Bogie left for their assignments, and I was conversing with Cassie about her poor taste in cake décor, which made light of my unfortunate lapse in judgment. She disagreed and I wasn’t convincing her otherwise.
I saw Rich walking toward me from the end of the hall. Stell was doing her best to keep pace with his long stride, but failing. She jogged up next to him as he reached Cassie’s desk.
“Mitch, you ready to get back out in the field? Stell brought me a case from one of her Dallas clients.”
“Well, I don’t know. Cassie has all this paperwork that she hasn’t dumped on me yet, there are pencils to be sharpened, errands to run, and I’m sure your car is a mess and in need of a good shine,” I replied, a reference to all the menial labor I had been subjected to over the past year.
“I’m sure she’ll manage, and my car is being washed as we speak. Let’s go in here,” he said, pointing to his office door, then walking that way. I followed him into his office. Stell took my spot in front of Cassie’s desk. 
He took a seat behind his desk and pulled out a folder containing photographs and various other documents.
“Ever heard of Hope’s Diamond?” he asked.
“You mean that ridiculously expensive piece of jewelry at the Smithsonian? Seems like I read something about it.”
“Not The Hope Diamond, Hope’s Diamond,” he said.
“Okay, I’ll bite,” I said, thinking I was being hazed. “What about it?”
He held up a picture of a large blue diamond. “It belongs to Harold J. Simpson, III. He’s a high-class muckety-muck in Dallas. Guy’s worth millions. He bought a blue diamond for his wife, Hope, and calls it Hope’s Diamond. Kind of a play on words, I guess.”
“Yeah, I got it. Cute,” I said, as I took the picture and examined it. “Is it real or man-made?” I asked.
Rich looked at me, one eyebrow raised. “Whaddya know about blue diamonds?” he asked.
“Well, the real ones have a blue hue in the center, which comes from trace amounts of boron found in the diamond. Man-made blue diamonds are created when colorless diamonds are exposed to radiation, which alters their appearance to look like a real blue diamond. They’re not true blue diamonds and not worth near as much, but they are valuable.” 
I got a kick out of doing that to him. He hated when I knew about stuff I didn’t have any reason to know about.
He blinked several times. “I hate it when you do that,” he said. I could only smile.
He stared at me a few seconds longer before finally dropping the one eyebrow. “I want you on this, and I guess knowing something about jewelry may help, although I have no idea what would cause you to know about blue diamonds, and really don’t want to know, in case you feel like explaining,” he said.
“So what’s the deal?” I asked.
“Mr. Simpson takes this diamond out a couple of times a year and puts it on public display for charitable events. Otherwise, it’s kept in a safe at his residence, and only he and his wife have the combination. He planned to host the Blue Diamond Gala, as I think they call it, but it never got off the ground. He opened the safe last week to polish it, or whatever it is they do to prepare them for these things, and discovered his 1.2 million dollar diamond had been replaced with a worthless piece of glass.”
“He call the cops?” I asked.
“He did, but it goes a little deeper than that. Seems his two business partners, who were supposed to participate in the upcoming soirée, also owned blue diamonds. Theirs were also heisted from their personal safes and replaced with fakes.”
“They know who did it?” I asked.
“If they did, we would be out front having cake with Stell and Cassie,” he said. It was actually a dumb question.
“These guys are multi-millionaires, living in multi-million dollar mansions, complete with elaborate security systems, inside and out. They all use the same security company, but even that company doesn’t have the combination to the safes.”
“Which security company?” I asked.
“Yeah…that’s another problem. It’s owned by Simpson and his two partners. Simpson owns 51% and the other two are minority owners.”
“This just keeps getting better. Does that rule out a company employee?” I asked.
“Sort of. The security is all electronic. No one is on site and no one at the security company has access to the residences.”
“So why not collect the insurance money and let the insurance company investigate?”
“They don’t want to go public, and the insurance companies aren’t paying off until they do that and offer a reward. They assume they’ve already been sold, so the likelihood of getting them back is remote,” he said.
“Is it obvious to assume the wives are involved, since they are the only other ones that have the combination?” I asked.
“No. They’re not the typical trophy wives of the rich and famous. They have all been married for years to women close to their own ages, and all swear they are faithful to the very end.”
“Are they all solvent?” I asked.
“Very,” Rich replied.
“The companies are solvent?” I asked. Same answer.
“Any kids?”
“There are. Here are the family bios,” he said, sliding a document across his desk. “And before you ask, they’re all grown and living their own lives. Each is a stockholder and board member of one of the companies. They all have very solvent trust funds, can stop working today and never want for anything, if they so choose, and have no reason to steal the diamonds.”
“So we have three individual mansions, where the combination lock to a safe containing valuables has been compromised or cracked, and the only people with the combination have no reasonable motive for heisting their own jewels,” I said. I sat and stared at the list, searching for my next question.
“What’s the name of their companies?” I asked finally. He slid another document across his desk. “You’re kidding me.” I said.
“Nope,” he replied.
“These are the three largest security companies in the south.” I pondered the scope of the situation. “So how bad does it look that these three men, who each have ownership in these three companies, had such lax security that their own personal safes were cracked?” 
“And that’s why they stopped the investigation before it became public. If this gets out, it could ruin them,” he said.
“So who owns what?” I asked.
“From what I can tell, they each have majority interest in one of the three companies and are minority owners in the other two, along with the kids. Simpson can give you the details,” he said.
“Pretty tight-knit bunch, it seems,” I said.
“Yep. The owners all inherited a little money, then got together early in life and started building companies, one complementing the other, and cutting each other in on the deal. They’ve all known each other since college, have been there for the births of children, graduations, and about any other major event in each other’s lives, so yeah, they’re a close knit bunch.”
“How are the locals going to take me invading their turf?” I asked.
“They’re fine with it. I talked to the captain. They’ve been asked to stand down, so as far as they’re concerned, they don’t have an active case. He understands Simpson’s side of it and doesn’t want to upset three of the wealthiest men in Dallas, so even if he has a problem, he has no choice. He’ll provide whatever assistance you need. There’s some other stuff in the file that may help.”
“How long do we have to solve this?” I asked.
“Well, Simpson’s out over a million. I don’t know what his partners are out, so you be the judge,” he said.
“Tick, tock?” I said.
“Tick, tock,” he replied.
Rich got up and walked towards the door. I picked up the file, got out of the chair, and turned to follow, just as he stopped and turned back toward me.
“Hey, these are starched-shirt and fancy-tie guys, when they’re not on the golf course. I won’t strap a tie around your neck, but you need to dress the part. It’s going to be hard enough to gain access, since you’re not dripping in money. Have Cassie give you the Neiman’s card and go shopping.” He started to walk again but stopped after two steps. “Better yet, take her with you. I need you to look like a well-to-do businessman, not a high-class gigolo.”
I gave him my best insulted look but his raised eyebrow in return more than trumped it. Granted, I liked the casual look, and any attempt I made to look high class without serious help would have been a disaster, so I let it ride.
“And take one of the sports cars. I don’t want you showing up looking like Scooby-Doo in a spy van,” he said. I stopped by Cassie’s desk on the way out and made a date to go shopping.

###
