
Dead Soprano, A Bayside City Book, Episode One
Copyright © 2015 by James Dargan
Published by Danny Boy Books
Book cover design by Majes Nagrad
Photo of Bugsy Siegel from Wiki Commons is public domain
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review





THE BODY

“How long do you think he's been dead?” Detective Phillip Randall asks the man behind him.
   “Twenty-four hours, I'd say.”
   “He's been strangled,” says Randall, inspecting the dead man's neck. “It's probably the Jews, sir.”
   The man's Detective Sergeant Dick Devereux, a forty-five year old with eighteen years' experience on the Bayside City police force.
   “Get to work collecting evidence,” Devereux says.
   “Right on it, sir,” says Randall.
   Devereux takes a cigarette and walks out of the empty warehouse. It's a rainy evening in the Bayside City's Docklands area in the Eastside. He tilts his fedora down towards his nose, pulls up the collars on his mack, and lights his cigarette. He's thinking now, brooding over how the man – still unidentified – was murdered. He's got a hunch already, but hunches can be misleading. It's happened on more than one occasion. Devereux likes to rely on his instincts, but not always.
   He gets in his car and heads to the office, Police Precinct Number One on Second Avenue in Downtown.


AT THE STATION

“Where have you been, Devereux?!” Police Commissioner Patrick Manning shouts through his open door as his subordinate's passing his office.
   “Fresh one. Male. Docklands,” Devereux says, his head popping around the door.
   “How was he murdered?”
   “Throat cut.”
   “Any suspects apprehended, witnesses questioned?”
   “Just the longshoresman who found the body.”
   “And?”
   “Nothing yet.”
   “Get the names of every nightwatchman and longshoresman on shift this week. Question them all. Let me know when you have.”
   Unknown to Police Commissioner Manning, Devereux plays by his own rules, at least he has since his wife and daughter were killed by rival mobs in a shootout over turf. They'd been shopping for Christmas presents, and unfortunately got caught in the middle. Devereux's promised himself to rid the City of all organised crime now. Nobody has ever been brought to justice for their deaths, something which doesn't sit well with Devereux.
   “How are you, Dick?” Carmelle, a petite and attractive blonde who's got the hots for Devereux, says.
   Devereux just nods his head at her, takes a bunch of files from his draw, and leaves the station.
   

BACK TO THE STATION

At home that night, while he's going through the files he brought from the office, the phone rings:
   It's Detective Randall. He's got some news about the murder victim. 
   Devereux leaves his apartment and heads back to the station.
   “What have you got for me?” Devereux says to Randall, cup of fresh coffee in his hand.
   “Yeah. Dead man's Mario Zambrotta. Opera singer at the city philharmonia... Take a look at this?” 
   Randall hands Devereux a file.
   At his desk, Devereux goes through the paperwork:
   Name: Mario Zambrotta
   Age: 41
   Nationality: Italian
   Occupation: Opera singer (soprano) and vocal tutor...
   “Where did you get this information from?” Devereux says to Randall.
   “His wife called it in.”
   “As what?”
   “Missing person.”
   “Give me her address.”
   “We've spoken to all the nightwatchmen and longshoresmen on shifts for the last week – they've all said they saw nothing suspicious.”
   “What about the worker who found him?”
   “He doesn't want to talk.”
   “Bring his ass in here in the morning. I wanna talk to him.”
   “Okay, sir.”
   

CASA DI ZAMBROTTA

Early the next morning, Devereux's at Zambrotta's home in the affluent Cradley district of the City.
   “Is Mrs Zambrotta at home?” Devereux says to the tall butler.
   “Yes?”
   “I'm Detective Sergeant Devereux,” Devereux says, flashing his police badge, “may I come in and have a word with her?”
   “Of course.”
   Mrs Zambrotta's a beautiful brunette in her late thirties.
   “Nice joint,” Devereux says, admiring the huge reception room.
   “Hello, Detective,” she says, reaching out her hand to greet him “Can I get you something to drink? A coffee, perhaps?”
   “Nothing, thank you.”
   Devereux cuts to the chase: the questions come quick and often to the grieving wife.
   “I've told you everything I know, Detective,” Mrs Zambrotta says, upset and wiping the corner of her eye with a handkerchief.
   “I'm sorry for all these insensitive questions, Mrs Zambrotta, but if you want your husband's killer found, I'm afraid it's a necessary evil.”
   “How long have you been a policeman, Detective,” she then asks.
   “Twenty years. Eighteen as a detective.”
   “Do you like it?”
   Devereux's looks at the woman a little distrustfully.
   “It's a job.”
   “No, Detective, it's no ordinary job.”
   “Listen,” Devereux says, pulling out a small notepad and pencil from his pocket, “I need names and addresses of the manager of the opera house and your late husband's agent.”
   “Cigarette, Detective,” Mr Zambrotta says, picking up the gold cigarette case on the mantelpiece. Mrs Zambrotta gives Devereux a cigarette. The detective takes out some matches, lights the lady's cigarette, then his own. “Would you like a drink?” she then asks him again.
   “No, nothing... The addresses, Mrs Zambrotta,” Devereux says, notepad in hand.
   “Oh, yes,” she says.
   “We'll be in touch,” Devereux says as he slips his notepad back in his pocket, now with the all important addresses in it.
   “All right, Detective.”
   Outside the Zambrottas' palatial home, Devereux's got a hunch: maybe she's got something to do with her husband's murder, he thinks. But he does that with everybody he interviews these days – he trusts no-one.
   

MANNING ON HIS BACK AGAIN

“What did she say?” Manning asks, his feet on his desk, cigarette in his mouth and pencil resting in his ear, like some big-shot editor from the newspaper across town.
   “She doesn't know. I got contact to two people she thinks can give me something.”
   “Who?”
   Devereux takes out his notepad:
   “Alberto Rossi, his agent... And... it's here... Michael Watt-”
   “Who's this Watt fella?” Manning interrupts.
   “Manager of the philharmonia.”
   “Are you going to bring them in or question them at theirs.”
   “I'll go to see 'em.”
   After a quick meeting with Randall, Devereux's back on the streets in his car.
   

AT FRATELLI'S

The City's a dangerous place. The Italians rule the roost now, taking over the power vacuum left by the Irish and Jewish mobs.
   Massimo Bertoni – that's a name Devereux's not going to forget any time soon. It's because of him and his gang that his wife and daughter are dead.
   Massimo Bertoni was born in Italy in the latter part of the last century, coming to Bayside City as a three-year old. A life of poverty in the Italian ghetto moulded him into the man he is today: a ruthless, murderous gangster who'll stop at nothing to rule the City and kill every last person who stands in his way. But there's a problem with Bertoni: he runs all his criminal rackets behind the facade of a legal activity – an import and export business. Everybody knows and their mothers what he's really in to, but nobody wants to do anything about it, apart from Devereux and a few other rough and tough cops. Some say Bertoni's got the police department in his pay – but where's the proof?
   “Black coffee, Jack,” Devereux says, placing his coins on the counter in his favourite Downtown diner, Fratelli's on Twelfth Street.
   “How's it going, Dick?” Jack Fratelli asks with a smile, coffee jug in his hand.
   “Keeping busy.”
   “Caught any bad guys recently?”
   Devereux doesn't answer Jack, but takes his coffee to his usual table and sits down.
   Zambrotta was a famous man, though Devereux's never heard of him, which is no surprise really as opera's not really his thing. Devereux prefers swing - or he used to when his wife was alive. They used to go dancing at the local club and jive the night away to Cal Carson, Web Delores and Frank Kinsella tunes. All the music and joy and dancing don't exist for him anymore, though. The light's gone out in his life, leaving only a cold and bitter man.
   After he's finished his coffee, Devereux tips his hat to Jack and leaves Fratelli's.
   

QUESTIONS QUICK AND FAST

Devereux's at the philharmonia.
   “Where can I find Michael Watt?” Devereux says to the security guard at the front desk.
   “Who's asking?” the security guard responds arrogantly.
   “Detective Sergeant Devereux, Bayside City police department.”
   The security guard changes his tune and a minute later Devereux's waiting outside Watt's office. On the wall are photos of some of the greatest opera singers and classical composers in the world, though Devereux doesn't recognise any of them.
   The buzzer goes off at the receptionist's desk:
   “Okay, Mr Watt, I'll send him in... Detective, Mr Watt will see you now... Please, go right in,” she says.
   Devereux knocks on the door.
   “Come in!” a voice calls out. Devereux walks in. “Ah, Detective Sergeant... what's your name again?” Watt asks, getting up from his desk.
   “Devereux.”
   “Pleased to meet you,” Watt says. They shake hands. “Can I get you anything? A cup of coffee?”
   “No, thanks.”
   “Please, sit down, sit down,” Watt says as he takes his seat again. Devereux sits down. “Margot, get us a coffee,” Watt says with his finger on the intercom. “The gentleman doesn't want anything... So, Detective, it's bad tidings that bring you here... He was a great man...”
   As usual, there's no time for pleasantries and small talk – Devereux gets down to work:
   “When was the last time you saw Mr Zambrotta alive, Mr Watt?”
   “I don't know... a few days ago... Cigar, Detective?” Watts says, placing his cigar box in Devereux's face.
   “No, thanks... A few days ago, you say?”
   Watt lights a cigar for himself.
   “Yeah.”
   “When exactly?”
   “I can't remember.”
   “How did he seem then?”
   “As usual.”
   “And what's his usual mean?”
   “You know, he was himself... Normal.”
   “Did you get on well?”
   “I don't understand?”
   “Did you have a good working rapport?”
   “What are you implying, Detective?” Watt says, taking the cigar out of his mouth.
   Devereux's in his element:
   “How long did you know the deceased, Mr Watt?”
   “Ten years... Yeah, it'll be ten years this December.” Devereux gets up and walks over to the cabinet behind Watt's desk, which is near the window. “Nice, aren't they?” Watt then says. 
   “What are they?”
   “Italian brooches. Mid-nineteenth century.”
   “Where did you get them from?”
   “They were a gift.”
   “Italian, you say?”
   “Yeah – from Florence... You ever been to Florence, Detective?” Watt asks. He's now standing behind Devereux, the cigar smoke converging on the cop's space.
   “They're very... nice,” Devereux says. He goes back to his seat. “So, Mr Watt, you say you knew him for ten years?”
   “Yeah.”
   “That's a long time to know someone?”
   “I suppose it is, yeah.” Something agitates Devereux, because his eyes go all funny and it's not from the cigar smoke. “Is something wrong, Detective? The door opens: in walks Margot with Watt's coffee. “Well it's about time, Margot – I thought you'd taken a vacation to Colombia to get the goddamn thing,” Watt says, smiling. 
   She places the coffee on Watt's desk.
   “Are you sure I can't get you anything, Detective?” Margot asks their guest.
   “Nothing. Thank you.”
   “I love that broad,” Watt says once she's closed the door to his office.
   “Did Zambrotta have any enemies?” Devereux asks.
   “Enemies?”
   “Yeah, you know, people who didn't like him, that had it in for the man?”
   “Not to my knowledge, no.”
   “What about Massimo Bertoni – did he know him?” Devereux then asks
   “I don't understand?” Watts says, looking uncomfortable now.
   “You know, the mob boss... I wouldn't be surprised if he did. They're both Italian. Zambrotta was an opera singer. I know Bertoni likes his culture. It all fits.”
   “You don't mess around, Detective.”
   “That's my job.”
   “Listen,” Watt says after a nervous pause, “I don't know anything. I manage this place, that's it.”
   “And Bertoni, do you know him?”
   “I've met him once or twice, yeah.”
   “Here or somewhere else?”
   “Is there something you really want to ask me, Detective?” Watt says, irritated and ill at ease with the questions.
   Bayside City is shaped like a bottle, with north, south, east and west sides, each home to one of the ethnic mobs of the City. In the Northside is the Polish mob, headed by Kit Zurowicz, an ex-con who got his break when his cousin, Jan Zurowicz, was murdered in a Northside civil war with the Kolczynski brothers. Prison had turned Zurowicz into an animal: he made quick work of the Kolczynski brothers. Soon after that he became head of the small but vicious unified Polish mob.
   In the Westside are the Irish, the ethnicity with the longest history in the City, led by racketeer Mick O'Kelly. When it comes to fistfighting, the Irish can't be surpassed. Overtaken now by the sheer brutality of the other gangs, they've become less of a threat in recent years.
   To the south are the Italians. They're leader is Massimo Bertoni, as brutal, as sadistic a man Bayside City has yet to know. Any illegal activity Bertoni has his fingers in it. Cross him and you're as good as dead.
   In the Eastside, skirting the bay area and the Docklands, is where the Jewish mob holds sway. Avi Baumshinsky, a Russian-born Jew who's as famous with the ladies as for his journey into crime, came to prominence after making his money in bribing Docklands officials, loansharking and prostitution. He's also the owner of Bayside City's most famous nightclub, Red Magic.
   Devereux blames the Italians and Yids for the death of his wife and daughter, and has particular hatred for Bertoni and Baumshinsky. For it was in the south-east corner of Downtown, next to the Docklands and on the border territory of Baumshinsky and Bertoni's mobs, that his wife and daughter's lives were cut terribly short.
   “No, there's nothing else I wanna ask you, Mr Watt,” Devereux says. “If I need you again, I'll ask you to come to the station, all right?”
   “Okay, Detective.”
   Devereux leaves Watts' office. As soon as he's gone, Margot comes in.
   “Is there anything else I can get you, sir?” she asks her boss.
   “No, nothing. Thank you, Margot. You can take the coffee cup away.”
   When she's closed the door, Watt picks up the phone and dials a number:
   WATT: A cop was here.
   SPEAKER(man's voice): What did he want?”
   WATT: He was asking about Bertoni.
   SPEAKER: What did you tell him?
   WATT: Nothing.
   

NEVER TRUST AGENTS

Devereux's driven twenty-five minutes out to the suburbs, and to the home of Alberto Rossi, the dead man's agent.
   “I'm sorry I can't help you at all, Detective,” Rossi says in a strong Italian accent.
   They're sitting in Rossi's study. On the wall are pictures of Italy, especially of the Eternal City.
   “And what about Bertoni – do you think he's involved?”
   “Why would he be involved?”
   “You tell me?”
   “Listen,” Rossi says after a pause, “I don't know what you want me to say... I'm rather sad at his death, but what can I do?”
   Devereux looks around the study.
   “Nice portraits – are they originals?”
   “Yes. Do you like them?”
   “Yeah.”
   “They're of my home town, Rome – have you ever been to Rome, Detective?”
   “No.”
   “You should... I don't know, take your family...”
   Devereux goes into himself when Rossi says that. He feels angry and depressed.
   “Listen, Mr Rossi, I don't wanna waste your time, but if you can't answer my questions fully here, then maybe we should go down to the station?”
   “Are you arresting me?”
   “No... Someone's been murdered, Mr Rossi, and that person was a close associate of yours. I'm trying to pull all the stops out, you get me?”
   “I understand, Detective, but really, I can't help you.”
   After a few more minutes of questions, Devereux's done with Rossi.
   “We'll be in touch,” Devereux says.
   

JACK DUKE'S TURN

Later at the Docks, Devereux's in with Docklands manager, Jack Duke.
   “I've told you already, Detective, none of my men saw shit... Now I've gotta lotta stuff to do, can I go?” Duke, a tall man with grey hair, says.
   “Something don't add up.”
   “How you reckon?”
   “You pay guys to keep a look out for stuff like this, and they didn't see nothing?”
   “I pay guys to keep an eye out for the containers and the ships, not murders, Detective.”
   “So it don't disturb you a murder's been committed here?”
   “Shit happens – now if you'd excuse me,” Duke says.
   It's nearly forty-eight hours since they discovered the body, and so far Devereux's got no leads. 
   Once he's sure that the cop has gone, Duke's on the phone:
   SPEAKER: (man's voice): Hello?
   DUKE: It's Jack.
   SPEAKER: What's up?
   DUKE: I had that detective sniffing round here again about the Zambrotta murder.
   SPEAKER: Don't tell him shit, you hear?
   DUKE: Yeah, I gotcha.
   

SHAMROCKS AND SHENANIGANS

Across town, Mick O'Kelly, crime boss for the Irish Westside gang - better known in the press as The Green Saloon Boys for their preference of drinking in the eponymous bar – is reading The  Bayside City Sun in his office, the city's biggest tabloid newspaper.
   “So what do you reckon, Vinny?” O'Kelly says as he's putting down the newspaper to his number two, Vincent Costello, a thick-set, ex-heavyweight boxer whose hobby is breaking arms and legs.
   “What do I reckon 'bout what, boss?”
   “Who killed him?”
   “Who killed who, boss?”
   “The Soprano?”
   “I wouldn't know nothin' 'bout that, boss.”
   “Just get the hell outta here,” O'Kelly says to Costello, agitated by his subordinate's lack of intelligence.
   O'Kelly's got something on his mind: he's been feeling a bit inadequate recently: The Irish used to rule Bayside City in the good old days, but those times have long gone. The Jews and Wops have all the power now, and he wants to muscle in on some of it, especially the lucrative Docklands, outside his area of influence but not for long, he thinks.
   O'Kelly picks up the phone and makes a call.
   An hour later Costello comes in:
   “Your guest's here, boss.”
   “Send him in.”
   “How you doing, Mickey!” the man says.
   “Sit down,” says O'Kelly, cold and to the point. “What's this I hear about this Zambrotta getting whacked?”
   The man opposite O'Kelly in the chair is Franco DeMarco, a mysterious man in the Bayside City underworld and in the Irish Mobs' pay.
   “I dunno nothin' about it, Mickey.”
   “Well you should know – why didn't you inform me earlier? Why did I have to find out from this piece of garbage,” O'Kelly says. He throws the newspaper in the trash can.
   “It must be Baumshinsky's lot.”
   “A fucking Italian singer would never get involved with the Jews, and you know it too.”
   “Beats me then.”
   “You worthless piece of Wop shit! What the fuck am I paying you top dollar for?!” O'Kelly gets up, points his finger at DeMarco, and says: “Find out all you can. Go to the Eastside, the Docklands... Sniff around, you get me?”
   “I understand,” DeMarco says.
   “Get outta here.”
   “I don't know why you hire him, boss,” Costello says when DeMarco's gone. “I don't trust them Wops none.”
   “Get outta here, Vinny, please!” O'Kelly says.
   

NEWSPAPER MAN

Devereux's with Jake Tatler, an old high school friend and journalist for The Bayside City Sun. They're eating hot dogs and walking in a Downtown city park.
   “I can't help you, Dick,” Tatler says.
   “I'm just asking you for this one favour.”
   “It's too risky.”
   “Nothing's gonna happen to you.”
   “You can't guarantee that.”
   Devereux knows he can't, but he wants the information, and will stop at nothing to get it.
   “I can.”
   “You can what?” Tatler asks before stuffing what's left of the hot dog into his mouth – ketchup and mustard fall on to his clean, white shirt. “Shit!”
   “I can guarantee it,” Devereux says with a smirk at Tatler's bad luck.
   “I don't know,” says Tatler, now wiping his shirt with a tissue.
   “Favours aren't easily forgotten, Jake,” Devereux says. He then walks off.
   Tatler's been a journalist in the town for over twenty years. He's a guy who's seen it all: the murder of a city prosecutor that still hasn't been solved. The kidnapping of movie star Helen Bonning, as well as other high profile stories that have happened in Bayside City. If a story's worth writing, chances are Tatler has or will be the one writing about it. The journalist's gained a lot of contacts throughout his career, and it's these contacts that interest Devereux.


THE JEW BOYS

Franco DeMarco walks up to the building. This is the Red Magic nightclub in Downtown Bayside City. The joint's owned by Avi Baumshinsky.
   “You aiyn't with nobody?” the heavy on the door asks DeMarco.
   “What business is it of yours, fuckhead?” says DeMarco.
   DeMarco better watch himself. The doorman's a former highly-ranked amateur boxer. The kind of guy who could put DeMarco in a hospital if he so wished.
   “What's your business here?” the doorman snarls.
   “I'm here to see Baumshinsky.”
   After DeMarco's been stripped of his gun, he's in the place.
   A big band's playing some nostalgic tune. Couples are jiving on the dance floor and having a good time.
   This joint's the best in town. A place where anybody who's anybody hangs out since it was opened a few years ago. Anybody apart from Massimo Bertoni and his crew – not since the turf war began anyway.
   DeMarco spots somebody he knows. He walks up to the table, next to the dance floor.
   “How's it going, Sammy?” DeMarco says to Sammy Gluck, one of Baumshinsky's men. At the table with him is a black guy.
   “How you doing, DeMarco?” Gluck says. “Sit down.” DeMarco sits down. “Franco,” Gluck begins, looking at his black companion opposite him. “this is my good friend Lawrence Fish.”
   “Pleased to meet you, Mr Fish,” DeMarco says.
   “What can a get you to drink?” Gluck then asks.
   “A whiskey.”
   Gluck calls an attractive waitress over. He orders DeMarco a drink.
   “Listen, I don't have much time – is he here?” DeMarco asks nervously.
   “Is who here?” Gluck asks, lighting a cigarette.
   “Your boss?”
   “Mr Baumshinsky's indisposed at the moment.”
   “Well I've gotta see him.”
   “Patience, Franco,” says Gluck.
   The waitress comes back with DeMarco's whiskey.
   “There you go, sir,” she says, handing it to the bulbous-eyed DeMarco. She then winks at him and walks away.
   “I think she likes you,” Fish says with a laugh to DeMarco.
   “Can I see him now?” DeMarco goes on. He downs his drink.
   “Why are you so nervous?” Gluck asks.
   DeMarco moves closer to Gluck, then says: 
   “Because if I'm seen by any schmuck who know Bertoni's crew, I'm a dead fucking man, that's why.”
   “There aiyn't no Wops in this joint,” Gluck says, looking around the place. “Take a peak. It's spaghetti free.”
   “How the fuck do you know?”
   “Cause we don't let 'em in.”
   “But how do you know there aiyn't no Italians?”
   “Hair colour. Skin complexion.”
   “Get the fuck outta here, Sammy... In that case none of the fucking Kikes in town would come.”
   “We have our ways... Lawrence,” Gluck says to Fish, “Franco here works for the Irish.”
   “Will you shut the fuck up,” DeMarco says.
   “I'm just telling him.”
   “Don't tell him nothing... Can I see Mr Baumshinsky now, please.”
   “I told you he's busy. He's seeing somebody.”
   “Who?”
   “A business associate.”
   “Well can you tell him I'm here and that our meeting should've started like fifteen fucking minutes ago?”
   “You're a very impatient man, Franco.”
   “Just go and get him.”
   Gluck stubs out his cigarette in the ashtray, gets up, sighs at DeMarco, and walks off.
   There's a knock on the door.
   “Who.. is.. it?” Baumshinsky says, sweating and red in the face. He's sitting at his desk. One of the club's waitresses, Conchita from Cuba, is under it and sucking him off.
   Gluck knows all too well if his boss doesn't say 'come in', he shouldn't walk in.
   “It's Sammy!”
   “Get the fuck off me!” Baumshinsky says to the Latin beauty between his legs. Conchita gets up. Baumshinsky pulls his trousers up, tucks his shirt in, zips his slacks up and does up his belt. “Get outta her,” Baumshinsky then says with a snigger. “Come in!” Gluck walks into his boss's office as Conchita – who's fixing her dress – is  walking out. She winks at Gluck. “Whatcha want?” Baumshinsky, an overweight man in his early thirties, asks.
   “I got someone to see you, boss,” Gluck says.
   “Who the fuck is it?” says Baumshinsky, taking a cigar from his box.
   “Franco DeMarco.”
   “What does that whimpering little shit want?”
   “He says he's got a meeting with you.” Baumshinsky looks at his underling bemused. “Like now, boss.”
   “Where is the fuck?”
   “With Fish.”
   “Bring him in – and tell one of them bitches to bring me some green tea... Jesus, I have to give up a fucking blowjob for that Italian prick...”
   Gluck leaves. A minute later there's a knock on Baumshinsky's door.
   “Come in,” Baumshinsky says. DeMarco walks in. “DeMarco... What do I owe the fucking pleasure?” the Jew says cordially.
   “O'Kelly sent me.”
   “Sit down.” DeMarco sits down. “So, what did he send you for?”
   “You heard about that Zambrotta guy getting whacked?”
   “The opera singer, the one who sounded like he was singing while someone was grabbing his balls?”
   “Yeah.”
   “I heard... What's that gotta do with me?”
   “O'Kelly wants to know if you've got something to do with it? Like if you whacked him.”
   “Have I got something to do with it?” Baumshinsky asks rhetorically, sucking on his big, fat cigar.
   “Yeah?”
   “O'Kelly wants to know if I whacked the Wop?”
   “I'm just a messenger, Mr Baumshinsky. I bring the news, I don't make it.”
   “What's that gotta do with me if I did whack him or not?”
   “Well did you?”
   “Did I what?”
   “Kill him?”
   “No, fuck head, I-did-not-kill-Zambrotta... That's it? You came to me for that... Goddamn, if I wanna read the news, I'll look in this piece of trash,” Baumshinsky says, slapping his hand on the copy of The Bayside City Sun on his desk. “... Anything else, DeMarco, you rat-eyed piece of shit you?”
   “Well there is one thing, yeah?” DeMarco says, cowering.
   “What?”
   “O'Kelly wants another meeting.”
   “Why?”
   “I know the last one didn't go well, but he's calmed down now... He wants to make things up.”
   Baumshinsky doesn't like DeMarco, and he distrusts the Irish, but his own crew's vastly outnumbered by the Italians.
   “Will that caveman be there?”
   “Which caveman?”
   “That fuck who threatened to put a cigar up my jap's eye.”
   “Costello?”
   “Is he O'Kelly's right-hand man?”
   “His fucking shadow. I can make sure he aiyn't around.”
   “When does he wanna meet?”
   “You choose a time and he'll be there.”
   DeMarco's gone. Gluck and Fish are in Baumshinsky's office.
   “What do you wanna do about it, boss?” says Gluck.
   “We'll meet him. It can't do us no harm.”
   “Do you trust 'em?” Fish asks, sitting in the corner, legs crossed, and smoking.
   “We've nothing to lose.”


CITY HALL

Across town, in City Hall, Mayor Ralph Dickerson is in his office with Police Commissioner Patrick Manning.
   “You know what we face, Ralph,” Manning says with a sarcastic grin.
   “Don't try to tell me what I already know, Commissioner.”
   Dickerson glances at his watch – a watch that would cost the average Baysider three  years' salary – because he's late for something.
   “Are you in a rush?” Manning asks.
   “I've got to meet my wife at the Rolfson Gallery at nine. She's curating an exhibition for a fucked up artist. Neonarcissism in Art.”
   “What?”
   “Neonarcissism in Art. That's the name of the exhibition... Would you like to join me?”
   “I think I'll give it a miss,” Manning says. “Listen, what should I do?”
   “About what?”
   “This war?”
   “What war?” Dickerson says vacantly.
   “The Italians versus the Kikes' war?”
   “That war?”
   “It's getting out of hand, Ralph.”
   “You're the police force, I thought you had all the answers.”
   “Well we don't. We're underfunded.”
   Dickerson jolts back to life. What he's heard disturbs him, because Manning just mentioned funding, and funding means money, which comes from City Hall and his pocket.
   “You're what?”
   “I think you know what I'm getting at.”
   “Care for another drink, Pat?” Dickerson asks Manning, whose glass is empty.
   “I thought you were in a rush to get somewhere?”
   “I am... I mean... I'm not... I am sorry, but, well, I can't leave my police chief with a thirsty mouth,” Dickerson says. He gets up from his chair, takes the glass off Manning, walks to his drinks cabinet, and pours him another drink.
   “And yourself?” Manning says as Dickerson's walking towards him with only one glass in his hand.
   “I'll be drinking champagne later. You know how it is: talking bullshit with bores about something I know nothing about and care not to. But, well, I have to put a brave face on and fight it. Much like you, Pat.”
   “Much like me what?” Manning says, taking the neat whiskey from Dickerson.
   “Much like you must just grin and bear it?”
   “Grin and bear what?”
   “This war. You've got enough resources.”
   “We're undermanned, goddamn it, and you very well know it.”
   “Cut out the bullshit. There are fifty cops right this minute on the Eastside alone on duty.”
   “What are you talking about?” Manning asks.
   “Well, that's my guess, anyway.”
   “Listen, if we don't get more men on the streets in the coming months, I can see a bloodbath in no time. Bertoni's crew are ready for action, I know it.”
   “How do you know that, Pat?” Dickerson asks.
   “How do you think I know: informers, sneaks, men that'd do anything for a few bucks... You do know these guys have to be paid off. That's what I'm talking about with this funding.”
   Dickerson knows Manning's playing with him, but like Manning, Dickerson is good at the game too. How do you think he got to be Mayor in the first place? It wasn't because he's an altruistic fella with the good of Bayside City and its population first on his mind. No, his mind works like any other criminal in town: He wants everything there is to get and he wants it yesterday. If Manning and his police department can help him out, then good. If he can make a deal with the Italians, Jews or Irish that swings in his advantage, it's a done deal. You see, Dickerson's not the cure of Bayside City, he's the sickness.
   “So what you're asking for is more money?” Dickerson asks.
   “Yeah.”
   “How much exactly are we talking?”
   “Half a mil.”
   “Half a mil – for what?”
   “Extra patrols. Guns, ammo.”
   “So you say without the extra men on the street it's going to explode?”
   “Listen, it isn't just going to explode, it'll bring a new era to the city.”
   Dickerson starts walking in short steps back and forth, his right hand on his forehead. He's agitated.
   “And what, can't they come to some agreement?”
   “Not since Baumshinsky's crew took control over the Docks.”
   “But Baumshinsky hasn't got control of the Docks – we have. Jesus, Patrick, we're this town and we have control.”
   “The fact is you know what's going on. Baumshinsky will die before he gives up that. It's worth too much money to them.”
   Dickerson stops pacing. He's now facing Manning.
   “You know what?” Dickerson then says.
   “What?”
   “Wouldn't you like it the way it used to be?”
   “When they were all killing each other, you mean?”
   “Yes, when that happened and you didn't come to my office talking shit to me about how you can't do you're fucking job. Maybe I should just fire your ass, Commissioner?”
   “I don't take well to threats, Ralph,” Manning says to his employer, his eyes steely.
   “Then get the fuck out of my office. You say half a mil?”
   “Yeah.”
   “You've got it. But remember: I want this sorted. I can't have this town in disruptions, especially with the election next year.”
   “Got it,” Manning says.
   “You know what, Pat?”
   “What's that?”
   “America would be such a better place to live without the Micks, Wops and fucking immigrant scum. What the fuck were my forefathers ever thinking of.”
   Manning laughs, then leaves Dickerson's office.


OVER DRINKS

“Sit down,” Baumshinsky says to Jack Duke.
   They're in a favourite bar of Baumshinsky's in the Eastside, so safe territory for them both. Beside Baumshinsky is his heavy, Moishe Katz, as big a guy as you'll ever see, who's reading a book.
   “This better be quick,” Duke says with distrust in his eyes.
   “You know me, Jack,” Baumshinsky chuckles, “I'm always quick. Ask the fucking broads.”
   “What do you want, Avi?”
   “What do I want, what do I want... I think you know what I want?”
   “It aiyn't gonna work.”
   “Sure it is. Nobody's gonna find out.”
   “And if the Italians do?”
   “The Italians won't... Listen, sit the fuck down. How many times do I have to tell you. What are you drinking?” Baumshinsky says.
   “A soda.”
   Duke sits down.
   “A fucking soda – what the fuck happened to you? I remember you used to drink like a fish.”
   “I still drink like a fish.”
   “Then what's the problem?”
   “The company, I suppose.”
   “Hey, get my guest a soda pop!” Baumshinsky shouts over to the barman. “So, do we have a deal?”
   “Have a deal with what?”
   “Have a deal with what,” Baumshinsky repeats, looking at Katz. “Can you believe this fucking jerk, Moishe?”
   “No,” the big Jew says.
   “The deal we discussed already?”
   “You mean about the shipments of liquor?”
   “Yeah?”
   “It's gonna cost you more than you offered.”
   “How much more?”
   “I'm not talking about money.”
   “I don't get you?” Baumshinsky says, disgruntled and now uneasy in his chair.
   “You know how it is in this town, Avi. The people of Bayside are greedy fucks, especially men like yourself. You think Bertoni's not trying to get in on the Docks. Sure he is. O'Kelly  too. It's just a matter of time before every gangster in the city's on my back for a piece of the action.”
   The barman places Duke's soda on the table.
   “I understand your concern, Jack, but you're confusing me here... What the fuck are you getting at?”
   “Protection. I want protection.”
   “What do you mean by protection?”
   “Protection as protection. I want your men protecting the Docks. You practically run the Eastside anyway.”
   “So what you're saying is for me to get a piece all I need to do is offer your business protection?”
   “No. You pay and protect. And for that I'll give you free reign of any consignments of alcohol or any other shit that comes through here.”
   “Did you here that, Moishe?” Baumshinsky says to his man.
   “Yeah.”
   “Do you think he's shitting us?”
   “I dunno, boss.”
   “Are you shitting us?” Baumshinsky asks Duke, who's got his soda in one hand and a cigarette in the other now.
   “I never fuck around.”
   “Just as I thought.”
   Baumshinsky doesn't know what to think of the guy in front of him. Maybe he thinks he's a wacko, a bit demented between the ears. Or it could be just because he's smart. The Docklands can be a dangerous place to do business, and nobody knows it better than Jack Duke. Using the Jews for the heavy work of defending the Docks could lead to Bertoni wanting his head.
   “Listen, I dunno if I should be telling you this, but I was talking to one of O'Kelly's associates recently and he wants to talk to me about forming some kind of alliance with us. With you on board, Bertoni wouldn't have a chance.”
   “I aiyn't working with no Micks,” Duke says, gritting his teeth. “Never.”
   “Who said you had to work with 'em?”
   “That's what you said, didn't you?”
   “Do we have a deal or not?”
   “We did till you mentioned O'Kelly.”
   “I don't see what the problem is?”
   “Everything's a problem.”
   “Why do you have to be so goddamn negative, Jack?” Baumshinsky says with a smile. “The way I see it, if you don't take our offer seriously, then sooner rather than later your fucking livelihood will be overrun by the Wops.”
   “Maybe I should just cut a deal with 'em, then?”
   Baumshinsky makes a swift glance at Katz. The big man needs no hesitation: he puts his book on the table and grabs Duke by the throat. Katz is now choking Duke.
   Baumshinsky gets up and walks up to the red-faced Docklands boss.
   “Do you still wanna make a fucking deal with the Wops, Jack?” Duke can't speak. Katz's grip is getting tighter and tighter. “Well do you?” Katz is relentless. If Katz carries on with this, Duke will be dead in a second. “Well do you?” Duke's face is crimson now, and his eyes are watering. He can see death approaching from Baumshinsky's stare. Baumshinsky nods his head to Katz. The big guy releases his grip. Duke falls to the floor, holding his neck. He's spluttering. “Are you gonna tell me, fuck face?” Baumshinsky goes on.
   “No,” Duke cries out. “No... I... won't.”
   “That's a good fucking boy, Jack.”
   Duke's recovered and is sitting at the table again.
   “Are you okay, are you recovered?” Baumshinsky's asks Duke in a tone that's genuinely concerned.
   “I'll live.”
   “And do we have a deal?”
   “Yeah, we have a deal,” Duke says, though Baumshinsky can tell that it's forced.
   “Don't be so up-tight, Jack... Now, are you gonna have that drink with me?”
   “I told you already,” Duke says, massaging his throat, “it depends on the company.”
   Duke leaves the bar. He can't believe they did it to him. He's been humiliated – but what was he supposed to do? Baumshinsky could've killed him if he'd wanted. He's already up to his head in illegal activities, so maybe this one won't make that much difference. Or maybe it will. One things for sure, though: He hopes the detective who's been sniffing around the Docks on the Zambrotta case will leave him alone. Maybe he should've mentioned it to Baumshinsky. That may have put the Jew off the idea. But it's too late now. It looks like he'll be seeing a lot more of Baumshinsky and his enforcer Katz in the future.
   Duke didn't mention DeMarco's visit on behalf of O'Kelly to Baumshinsky. He wants to keep all his options open. Play it cool and see where it leads him.


THE FUNERAL

The hearse enters West Bayside Cemetery, behind it a cortege of luxury cars. Once it's reached the plot, it stops. A man opens the back, slides out the coffin onto a wheeled coffin carrier, and with the assistance of another man, takes it to the place Mario Zambrotta is going to be buried.
   The coffin's in place. The priest, Father Sensini, begins the prayers. Behind him, sitting on a chair and in black, is Maria Zambrotta, Mario's widow. She crying. To her left and right are other family members. Behind them is a who's who of Bayside City's VIPs: Monica Craig, the Hollywood actress who spurned a life in California for her native city. Fred Redding, owner of The Bayside City Sun. Ralph Dickerson, the city's mayor. Willett Masden, a steel tycoon. Mob boss Massimo Bertoni. Police Commissioner, Patrick Manning. There are others, too, but of less importance.
   Way off – a few hundred yards, in fact and hidden from view – Detective Sergeant Dick Devereux is watching carefully with his right-hand man, Detective Phillip Randall. I don't know if they expect something to happen, but you never know.
   “Does Manning know we're here?” Randall asks Devereux.
   “No.”
   “Well if he sees us I think he isn't going to be happy.”
   “That's his problem.”
   “Look at him,” Randall then says, referring to Bertoni, cigarette in his mouth, “he thinks he's untouchable.”
   “He is untouchable, Phil,” Devereux says solemnly.
   Devereux's been after Bertoni for years, but it's only since the 'accident' with his wife and daughter happened that the incarceration of the Italian mob boss has become an obsession with him. 
   “Did you listen to the game last night?” Randall asks. He's now leaning on a gravestone.
   “Just the last quarter. The Bears should've won. They gave it away. But I suppose you're happy seeing as you're a Giants fan?”
   “I can't complain.”
   “Who's your tip for the Championship?”
   “My own team, of course,” answers Randall.
   The funeral's over. People are getting back into their cars.
   “Look over there,” Devereux says to Randall.
   “Now listen, Ralph,” Bertoni says to Dickerson, the City's Mayor, “we shouldn't be seen talking in the open like this.”
   “What are you afraid of?” Dickerson asks.
   “Nothing,” Bertoni says, looking round. He's flanked by two of his men, Ricky Zoccarato and Anthony Schirru, who don't exactly look threatening because they're impeccably dressed. But don't let that fool you: these two can be deadly killers. “Can't we leave this for another time?”
   “Jesus, Massimo, I thought you were king of the jungle,” Dickerson says, his voice arrogant and conceited as usual. “I'm giving you some key information here.” 
   Bertoni looks at his two men. They no the score: they back off.
   “Let's go for a little walk,” Bertoni says.
   They walk together, a few hundred yards away from Bertoni's car, though Zoccarato and Schirru are really not that far away.
   It's a nice morning, if a little colder than usual.
   “What I'm going to tell you now can't go any further,” Dickerson says.
   “What is it?” Bertoni answers.
   “Manning's asked for a bigger budget from City Hall which he wants to spend on beefing up the police force... which means you've got a problem.”
   “He does, does he?”
   “Yes. And as the Mayor I feel obliged to help him.”
   “So why are you telling me this shit, Ralph?” Bertoni says.
   “Because I thought you'd like to know, that's it's in your best interests.”
   “Well thanks for the information. You call me corrupt.”
   “It's all part of the service, pal.”
   “And when does Manning expect to get this extra funding?”
   “At the end of the month.”
   “And what will that mean for us?”
   “I don't know, Massimo – what will it mean for you?”
   “I know you think you're some kinda big shot, with your fancy office in City Hall and influential friends, but I'm afraid it aiyn't gonna work with me.”
   “Are you threatening me?” Dickerson says, grinning.
   Bertoni stops in his tracks, looks back at Zoccarato and Schirru, then says to Dickerson:
   “No, I aiyn't threatening you, I just wanna know why you told me this. What are your intentions?”
   “I want the Jews off the streets. I want to see Baumshinsky fry.”
   “I know you don't like the guy, but why are you talking to me? Go see your own boy Manning if you wanna see the end of the Kikes.”
   “You don't fucking get it, do you?”
   “Yeah, I get it all right... What, you're afraid he's taking all your profits from the Docklands?”
   Dickerson puts his mouth to Bertoni's ear:
   “Well, we could have a share in it, you know?”
   Bertoni smiles. He's seen it all now. Although he's always known Dickerson is not whiter than white, he's been caught off guard a bit, and he doesn't know what to do.
   “I don't trust you,” Bertoni says. He starts to walk away.
   “Where are you going, Massimo?” Dickerson asks.
   “You're up to something,” Bertoni replies to the Mayor.
   “You think about it now.”
   “And you get your head examined.”
   “I will if you do too.”
   “Go fuck yourself, Dickerson.”
   “I've got the broads for that.”
   With Bertoni and his men, along with the other attendees of Zambrotta's funeral gone, Devereux and Randall approach Dickerson.
   “Ralph Dickerson?” Devereux says.
   “Yes?”
   “I'm Detective Sergeant Dick Devereux,” Devereux says, flashing his badge at him.
   “And what do I owe the pleasure,” Dickerson asks smugly.
   “Why were you just talking to Bertoni?”
   “Bertoni?”
   “Yeah, Bertoni?”
   “I think that's my business, Detective.”
   Dickerson makes his way slowly to his car, which is parked on the other side of the road, near the cemetery gates.
   “I'd like to ask you a few questions about the Zambrotta murder, sir?” Devereux says.
   “Was he murdered?”
   “Yeah.”
   “That's a shame. He was such a good singer. I saw him once doing Don Giovanni. Exquisite.”
   “But serious. Have you got time for a few questions?”
   “No.”
   “It'll only take a few minutes.”
   “I said no.”
   “But I really need you to, sir?” Devereux pleads.
   “No can do. I'm a busy man.”
   The Mayor walks on, leaving Devereux's and Randall behind.
   “Do you think he's up to something?” Randall asks Devereux.
   “Could be.”
   “I think we need to asks him some questions.”
   “We do, but how?” Devereux says as he's looking at Dickerson getting in his car.
   “Nobody would think that scumbag's up for reelection next year,” says Randall.
     

SOME MICKS AT THE DOOR

Sean Long and Francis O'Meara have to be careful: They're not on their own turf anymore. A volley of bullets could fly out from an alley way and that would be the end of them. 
   “I tell you what, Frankie, I'm sick of Mickey taking advantage of us. We could easily get killed,” Long says, scanning the area.
   “Just hold your cool, Sean,” O'Meara answers.
   They're in the Docklands, on the way to see Jack Duke.
   “Are you strapped?” Long asks his companion.
   “Yeah, but keep that thing hidden. The cops have been sniffing round this place ever since that opera singer was found dead here.”
   It's getting dark. Apart from a few longshoresmen working or walking around, the place is quiet.
   They come to a red-brick building, built late in the last century, and go up some cast-iron stairs to Duke's office – how do they know it's Duke's office: DeMarco told them.
   “And what happens if he puts a slug in us?” Long says nervously as they're going up the stairs.
   O'Meara doesn't answer Long.
   They knock on the door.
   “Come in!” a voice calls out.
   The two men walk into the office. Duke is sitting at his desk. Although he doesn't know them personally, by the way they're dressed in impeccable suits and fedora hats, he can guess they've been sent by one of the mob bosses in town.
   “What do you want?” Duke sighs.
   “O'Kelly sent us,” O'Meara says.
   “I don't have time for this, boys.”
   O'Meara walks up to Duke.
   “You know why we're here?”
   “No.”
   Duke expects another beating.
   “What happened to you?” O'Meara asks Duke, noticing the bruising on his neck that Moishe Katz did.
   “Nothing.”
   “So, what do you think?” O'Meara goes on. Behind him Long is sighing with impatience.
   “What do I think about what?”
   “Cooperation... I know the Wops are getting in on the act already now, that's why the Jews are back at war with 'em. O'Kelly wants to help you out.”
   “And what about Baumshinsky?”
   “Baumshinsky's being sorted out?”
   “Like you're gonna sort him out?”
   “No, he aiyn't gonna get whacked. O'Kelly's gonna meet him. We wanna form an alliance. Get the Italians outta the Docklands and the Eastside.
   Well that sounds strange to me.”
   “But it's the way it is.”
   “Well, you know what,” Duke says after a pause, “I think it all depends on Baumshinsky. This place is next to his turf. What he says goes, understand, boys?” 
   “Yeah.”
   Duke gets up from his desk. He's a big man, much bigger than either O'Meara or Long.
   “Let's go, Frankie,” Long says to O'Meara.
   “Just know that we came, Mr Duke. And just know that what O'Kelly wants, O'Kelly gets... It's all for the good of Bayside in the end.”
   “And don't I believe it... Now, I don't mean to spoil your party, gentlemen, but I've gotta lotta work to do.”
   The two men leave.
   Duke locks the door, goes back to his desk, sits down, opens the draw at his desk and takes out a bottle of Scotch. He opens it and takes and long swig before putting it back. This job's stressful. It takes it all out of him. The money's good but he's thinking it's become a health hazard of late, especially since the Italian-Jewish war started up again after over a decade of peace. In the past all the gangland trouble was over in the West and Southsides, home to the Micks and the Wops. But not anymore. Now it's moved closer to home – on his doorstep, in fact. He's moving along the thin, red line and it doesn't look like it's going to get better any time soon. It's a war zone. A place he's already been to once before back in France in 1917. That was no fun, either. But he survived. And he is surviving now at the moment, though he's had enough. Baumshinsky. His animal Katz. That fuck detective Devereux. O'Kelly and his boys. On a lighter note his assistant manager, Smith. Complaints from the longshoresmen over pay. Pressure from the Docklands Trade Union too. Problems. Only problems. If he had a woman to go home to, maybe that would help – but he doesn't. Everything's on his head and his head alone. 
   Duke takes out the whiskey again. It's good to drink, it takes away the pain. After quenching his thirst, he puts the bottle back and takes out his pistol. It's a Saive-Browning model. Old, but it gets the job done. Next to the bottle is a box of bullets. He loads his gun. He's thinking now. He has to be sure what he's about to do will be all right, that he won't regret it.
   And he won't, because the pressure's mounting. All the money in the world won't be able to sort this problem out. There's a reason why some men live and some men die. There's a reason why some men are born longshoresmen and others become presidents, generals and doctors. There's a reason for everything. Just like there's a reason why Duke's sticking this gun in his mouth just now. He has the power. He's found it. Outside his office and this action, in Bayside City with all the bullshit that's going on with gang wars and corruption, he has no power. Yes, this is the best way, and that's why he'll do it:
   He puts his finger on the trigger, and slowly begins to pull down on it-
   There's a knock on the door. 
   “Mr Duke, Mr Duke!” 
   It's Jack Smith, his assistant manager.
   Duke takes the gun out of his mouth and puts it back in the draw. He rushes over to the locked door.
   “What is it, Smith?!” Duke says in annoyance.


THE BOYS BACK WITH O'KELLY

“He's wavering, boss,” O'Meara says to O'Kelly.
   “How like?”
   “He's scared.”
   “And so he should be.”
   “I think he's got something going on with Baumshinsky.”
   “How do you know?”
   “He kept mentioning him.”
   “Well seeing as the Docks are on the Kike's turf, I think it's natural. Anyway, it's just what we need. If Duke knows Baumshinsky's with us, he'll be like putty in my hand.”
   “Putty in the hand, boss. Don't that mean I'll be able to squeeze the fuck to death?” Costello says.
   “It does indeed, Vinny,” O'Kelly answers his enforcer with a smile. “Now boys, what about this meeting with the Jew?”
   “We're working on it, boss,” Long says. He's sitting on a bench, near the entrance to the bar.
   “Jaysus, Sean, why do you always have to sit so far away... Come over here,” O'Kelly says. Long gets up and moves closer. “Now what did you say there, boyo?”
   “We're arranging it,” answers Long.
   “Today. It'll be sorted today,” O'Meara says.
   Out of all O'Kelly's boys, O'Meara's got by far the greatest street smarts. O'Kelly knows this like nobody else. He's even thinking about grooming O'Meara into a position of power within the gang in the future, though not yet as he doesn't trust him fully.
   “All right, boys,” O'Kelly says to O'Meara and Long, you can go... On the way out, if you see Costigan, tell him I want him.”
   The boys leave The Green Saloon.
   O'Kelly's round the table with Costigan and Costello.
   “Numbers, James,” O'Kelly says to Costigan.
   Costigan's the brains of the operation: he's a Harvard-educated lawyer, who knows his way around an account ledger too.
   “Three grand this week from the Machin's rubber factory. The owner didn't want to pay but we got it out of him... Err, let's see,” Costigan then says, shifting through the pile of papers on the table, “And here we have possibly five grand coming in in the next few weeks-”
   “What's that?” O'Kelly says, grabbing the paper off Costigan.
   “In Dearborn, close to Parson Avenue... You know that lumber supplier to the building trade, he's got a shitload of stuff coming in from Western Canada. He doesn't want to pay, but the income's there.”
   “And the removal company next door?”
   “We're on that.”
   “And you say five grand?”
   “If we get the lumber supplier and the removal company to pay, yes.”
   “Vinny,” O'Kelly says to Costello, “that's your next job. Okay, onto men and resources... How many guys we got on the street now?”
   “Sixty two, boss,” Costello says.
   “Only on the Westside?”
   “Downtown too. I've told Murphy's boys I'd give 'em a big pay day if they've got the balls to check out some of the businesses south of Dilbert Road.”
   Dilbert Road is the border between the Irish Westside dominated turf and the Italians in the South. To cross it means war. At the moment there's no offical 'war' between the Irish and Italians, but encroachment of turf could end all that.
   “They don't have the juice in their veins for it. Murphy's a douchebag anyway... What about recruitment?”
   “Two a week. We're going through hard times, boss,” Costigan says.
   “We've got to get our numbers up. We can't compete with the Italians this way. Even if this alliance comes off with Baumshinsky, we're in no way fit to be at war with 'em.”
   “But one Irish kid's worth ten Italians,” Costello says.
   “Don't underestimate Bertoni, Vinny. That's a very dangerous attitude to have.”
   Costello grunts, gets up from the table and walks out of the bar.
   “It's easy to recruit, sir, but we need to start paying more,” Costigan says. “The Italians are paying double what we do and that's why their numbers have swelled over the last few years.”
   “Bertoni can afford to pay 'em more when his fingers are just about in every scam and illegal deal that matters in this City.” Costigan looks at his boss. He looks nervous. He wants to say something. And O'Kelly knows he wants to say something, but O'Kelly also knows that what his underling wants to say won't please him. “What is it, James?” O'Kelly asks.
   “I don't think it's going to make you happy, boss.”
   “Tell us,” O'Kelly says, lighting a cigarette.
   “Well... you know how it is and how it's been with our crew over the last few years, we've become... We've become... How to say it?”
   “We've become what?”
   “We've become a little out of touch with the times, boss.”
   “We've become a little out of touch. Go on?”
   “The Italians are different. They're more violent. They take no prisoners. You don't pay, you die. It's as simple as that.”
   O'Kelly knows Costigan's got a point. He's an educated man, and that's the reason he hired him in the first place. Good counsel is worth its weight in gold, and Costigan's worth his weight in gold.
   Maybe he has to change – go back to the way it used to be, when gangsters were gangsters, breaking bones if the need arose. Cut a hand off here, an ear there. Chop. Chop. Chop. Chops equal power. Threats equal power too, though to a lesser extent. O'Kelly hasn't killed anybody in a decade. And maybe that's where the whole problem lies: Paying people like 'Crazy Dog' Costello good bank to do his dirty work. O'Kelly used to do all the dirty work himself when he was a younger man. Back then the Irish were kings. They knew how to work the streets and earn from them. But the good days arrived: Wealth. Broads. Cars and fat cigars. All that finished.
   “You've got a point, kid,” O'Kelly says to Costigan. “Maybe I need to change some things.” Fear enters Costigan's eyes. He thinks he's going to get whacked. He shouldn't have opened his big mouth. “Go and get Vinny for me, Jimmy?” O'Kelly then says. 
   A moment later Costigan's back with Costello.
   “You wanted me, boss?” Costello says. 
   “Yeah. Vinny, how much of a cut do you give me for your operations?” O'Kelly says.
   “Fifty percent.”
   “Maybe it should be fifty-five? Or even sixty?”
   “I don't understand. What the fuck's going on here?” Costello says.
   O'Kelly laughs. He's only joking. He trusts Costello like no other man in the world, more so than even his two brothers, who didn't follow his career path. They're respectable members of the Bayside City community. There aren't many of those around anymore.
   “Some things have to change around here, fellas, and fast.”


O'KELLY AT RED MAGIC

The club's busy tonight. A black lady, Cynthia Chabon from New Orleans, is on the mike. She's as good a singer who has ever been in the club. People have come from all over the city and beyond to see her sing.
   O'Kelly and Costello are checked and stripped of their guns on entry. The door man, Big Dan, takes them to Sammy Gluck's table.
   “Well, gentlemen, good of you to come,” Gluck says with a smile.
   “Let's make this quick,” O'Kelly replies. He feels uncomfortable. A gunman can't be far away in this joint. Maybe a shooter's already targeted at his head.
   They go into Baumshinsky's office. The boss is with Moishe Katz. They're sitting on a big leather sofa, drinking whiskey and smoking cigars. On seeing Costello, Baumshinsky looks at Katz angrily – he thought he told one of his boys he didn't want to see Costello.
  “Pat, c'mon, sit yourself down!” Baumshinsky says joyfully. O'Kelly and Costello make themselves as much at home as they can given the circumstances. “Whatcha drinking, fellas?”
   “I'll have-” O'Kelly says before he's interrupted by Baumshinsky. 
   “No, no, no – I've got some great cognac in the draw... Just hold it. Moishe, get the cognac.” Katz gets up, goes to the cabinet and takes out the cognac. He gives it to Baumshinsky: “This, guys, is my new favourite. I had fifty cases imported. French shit. Good quality. Hits the spot. You want some?”
   The Irish take a glass of cognac.
   “So, Avi,” O'Kelly says, rubbing his thumb up and down the glass, a sure sign he feels uneasy, “we've gotta lot to talk about.”
   “We sure have... So where do you wanna begin?”
   “This alliance... I don't trust you.”
   “Why?”
   “Everything's in your own interest.”
   “Of course it is, Pat... I'm a fucking realist.”
   The hours pass. The Irish and the Jews talk. Some things they agree on. Others bring raised voices and threats. At one point Costello and Katz nearly come to blows. 
   After midnight and two empty bottles of cognac, Baumshinsky proposes something:
   “How do you fancy a few hookers, fellas?”
   Costello looks at O'Kelly, searching for acceptance.
   “You wanna fuck somebody, Vinny?” O'Kelly asks him.
   “I wouldn't mind a bit, boss.”
   “Go ahead.”
   Costello goes off with Katz to the main dance floor and the women. Baumshinsky and O'Kelly are alone.
   “If we're gonna act, we better be quick,” O'Kelly says.
   “Acting quick and all that aiyn't gonna be a problem, Pat, but there's something that don't sit well with me.”
   “What's that?”
   “This DeMarco... I aiyn't working with no Wops. I don't trust him none.”
   “Neither do I, but he's an insider to Bertoni and his gang.”
   “He's sitting on two fences. For me there's no way. If we're gonna work together, he's gotta go.”
   “So I have to whack him?”
   “I'm not saying nothing.”
   “I know what you're saying.”
   O'Kelly gets up and leaves Baumshinsky's office. Outside there's a party on: Chabon is back on stage and is singing again. At his table Gluck is with Lawrence Fish and a couple of sexy broads. Standing near the dance floor is Katz. O'Kelly approaches him.
   “Where's Costello?” O'Kelly asks Katz.
   “What's the rush?” Katz answers coolly with smile, a cigarette between his teeth.
   “Where did he go?”
   “He's with some shifty broad – he went outside.”
   O'Kelly takes his gun off Big Dan the doorman and rushes outside. His car's parked across the street.
   “Get that bitch outta the car,” O'Kelly says to Costello, opening the vehicle door.
   Costello, surprised and with his trousers down, pushes the woman out of the car.
   “Fuck you!” she says, spitting at them.
   “What's going on, boss?” Costello says, pulling up his trousers. O'Kelly drives off. “Why the rush? I was just about to get some.”
   “Women. Ruin. Everything. I don't wanna get too comfy with them Kikes, you get me?”
   “But it was only a broad.”
   “If we want women, we'll stick to our own kind.”
   

A SPY IN THE PLACE

Unknown to Baumshinsky, Katz, Gluck or any other hood in Red Magic, Devereux has a police rat working in the club. A waiter by the name of Max Mercer. As soon as the Irish have left, Mercer takes his break and goes outside to the nearest callbox. He makes a call to Devereux, who's at his desk at the station.
   MERCER(nervously): It's me, Max.
   DEVEREUX: What did you see?”
   MERCER: O'Kelly was in with his associate.
   DEVEREUX: How do you know?
   MERCER: They looked like the men in the photos you showed me.
   DEVEREUX: All right. What time do you finish work?
   MERCER: Two.
   DEVEREUX: I'll pick you up at the usual place. Make sure no one follows you.
   After his shift at the club, Mercer's waiting on the sidewalk outside Milford's general store a few blocks from Red Magic. As usual he's edgy. He made sure nobody's followed him but he can't be sure he's safe. Baumshinsky's smarter than most. He's got eyes everywhere. For the nerves he takes out a smoke. As he's lighting it he notices the headlights to an approaching car. He sighs with relief: It's Devereux's.
   “Get in,” Devereux says. Mercer gets in. They drive away. “So what have you got for me?” Devereux then asks.
   “O'Kelly was there.”
   “For how long?”
   “Ninety minutes.”
   “In Baumshinsky's office?”
   “Yeah.”
   “Was Katz and Gluck there too?”
   “Katz was with 'em in the office before he came out. Gluck was at his table with Fish.”
   Devereux's feeling the bad vibes about all this. He hates Baumshinsky for his involvement in his wife and daughter's death. He'd like to march into the club and arrest them all – but on what pretext? For Zambrotta's murder? He's got no proof.
   They drive around town for half an hour.
   “Where do you want dropping off, Max?” Devereux asks his passenger.
   “Downtown will do.”
   “Remember: keep your eyes open and get in touch with me if you see anything. Thanks.” Devereux hands Mercer five bucks. “Buy yourself a haircut.”
   “Thanks, Dick,” Mercer says. He gets out and walks away.
   Frustrated. Angry – these are just two words to express how Devereux's feeling right now. The Zambrotta case is going nowhere, but that's besides the point, because a war's on. A war that soon enough will be fought on all sides. There are a dozen and one suspects: Bertoni's top of his list. O'Kelly. Baumshinsky. Or if one of these didn't pull the trigger themselves (which Devereux doesn't think they did anyway), then one of their soldiers or associates did. The only problem now is to find them. It's a needle in a haystack of evil shit. A hunt. This cop isn't going anywhere till he's solved the case. And even if it kills him, he's bringing someone in.
   Devereux watches as Mercer turns the corner, just to make sure he's okay and that nobody's following him, before he drives away. It's time to sleep. The mind needs to rest as much as the body.
  

OVER HASH BROWNS AND EGGS

Police Commissioner Patrick Manning's at the breakfast table, eating hash browns and eggs with his wife of twenty-five years, Mary, and his three children, Lee, seventeen, Collette, sixteen and David seven. 
   “What time will you be back tonight, honey?” Mrs Manning asks her husband as she pours fresh coffee into his mug.
   “Late,” he answers with a full mouth and perusing the pages of The Bayside City Sun.
   “I see they're still looking for Zambrotta's killer?” she says, gazing at the headline KILLER STILL AT LARGE! While her youngest son is tugging on her dress.
   “What's that?” Manning answers, preoccupied with the horse results.
   “The murderer. They haven't found him yet?”
   “We'll catch him.”
   “Hey, Dad, are we going to the game this weekend?” his youngest, David, asks.
   “No, son. Ask your brother to take you. I'll give you the money.”
   “Well that's just great, Pat – you've been promising him for weeks now,” Manning's wife says.
   “Can't be helped. Duty calls.”
   After breakfast, Manning kisses his wife on the cheek, says goodbye to his two older children, and walks with David to his car.
   “When I grow up, I wanna be a cop, Daddy!” David says.
   “There's still a few years left for that, son,” Manning says tenderly and happily. “Give your old man a kiss.”
   David gives his father a kiss.
   “I love you, Daddy.”
   “I love you too, son. Never forget that.”
   “Do you have to go to work?”
   “Yeah – but I tell you what, the next time I have a free weekend and the team's playing at home, I swear we'll go.”
   “Cross your heart and hope to die?”
   “Cross my heart and hope to die.”
   With a smile, Manning kisses his son again and gets into the car.
   “Don't forget, Daddy,” David says to his father as he's driving away, “put some crooks in jail for me today!”
   Manning leaves the fading silhouette of his son waving in the distance. 
   There are two worlds: his and theirs. He spends far more time in one than in the other, though it pains him to admit it. Two worlds mean two ways of thinking. He's stripped of bear emotion in that world, the one of gangsters, hookers and desolation. But it's his job. 
   

THIS IS HOW IT IS

“What is it?” Manning says to Devereux. “Make it quick, though. I'm busy.”
   “O'Kelly was at Red Magic last night with Baumshinsky.”
   “And?” Manning says, feeding his face with pistachio nuts. He looks disinterested.
   “Well obviously something's going on.”
   “I placed you on the Zambrotta case, yeah?”
   “You did, sir, and-”
   “So what have you got for me on it?”
   There's no mercy with Manning. You're given a job and he expects it done. No questions asked
   “Nothing yet, sir.”
   “Do you want a nut, Devereux?” Manning asks his employee.
   “I've just had breakfast.”
   “Me too... Try one. They're addictive.” The Police Commissioner has spoken. Devereux complies. He takes a nut. “Nice, aren't they?”
   “Not bad, sir.”
   “So anyway, the Zambrotta case, where are you?”
   “I'm still working on leads, sir.”
   “Maybe you should be locking on to one of them two-bit bitches he's latched onto who was hooked on morphine.”
   “Bitches? Morphine?”
   “Yeah, it's common knowledge. You need to get out more.”
   Devereux doesn't know what to say. Maybe he does need to get out more. Night's on the town – even for an innocuous beer with friends - have been few and far between since his wife and daughter's death.
   “I didn't know he was up to such things, sir,” Devereux says. 
   “He was, but that's beside the point. Instead of traipsing round the city with your dick in you hand, Dick, start getting me results. Forget the gang war. Your job's to find out who murdered the best singer since I retired.” Devereux doesn't find Manning funny. “What?” Manning then asks, conscious his jokes aren't getting the laughs from the most stoic guy in the department.
   “Nothing, sir.”
   “Go and do your job. Leave me to deal with O'Kelly and the Kikes.”
   Devereux walks out of his boss's office.
   Manning knows what a liability Devereux is. He's the best detective he's got in the department and probably one of the best in the city. But there's something about him: he's too professional, too accurate with detail. Sometimes it can be good, but not always. Manning doesn't know what to do with his 'loose cannon'. 
   

THE SNITCH

“Well there's a surprise for the fucking books,” Bertoni says to Manning.
   They're sitting in Bertoni's study, in his mansion some miles from Bayside City in the Sticks. Here the Italian mob boss feels safe. A sixteen-foot high wall and men on guard duty around the perimeter see to that.
   “I think something's going down. If you're going to hit them, I'd do it now,” Manning says.
   “They won't dare. They're weak when it comes to nerves.”
   “Don't underestimate the Irish, Massimo. O'Kelly's rough around the edges and not afraid to use force if he has to.”
   “And Baumshinsky?”
   “He's weak, but you know what he controls.”
   “And that's the problem. I know the motherfucker's in collusion with Duke and there's nothing much I can do about it.”
   “Then maybe I should go and visit him.”
   “And what about Zambrotta's killer – nobody's been charged yet?”
   “One of my detective's on the case. It's a slow process, but I'm sure we're close.”
   “Come with me,” Bertoni then says, getting up.
   He takes Manning outside to his English-style garden. It's a pleasant autumn evening.
   “Nice garden,” comments Manning.
   “Thank you.”
   “Did you design it yourself or did you get somebody in?”
   “A New York landscape gardener. I'll give you her contact address if you want.”
   “I'm afraid it'd be a bit above my budget.”
   Bertoni sniggers.
   They continue walking through the garden until they come to the garage. Inside are a number of fancy cars and a truck. John Moratti and Luca Rambaudi, two of Bertoni's underbosses, are delegating men who are loading wooden crates into the truck.
   “Take a look inside,” Bertoni says as he's over a crate. He signals one of his men to open it. With a crowbar, one man opens the five foot by two foot crate. “Go on, Manning, take a peak.”
   Manning brushes aside the old newspapers and straw for cushioning. What he sees shocks him:
   “How in the hell did you get hold of these? That's a Browning M1917 machine gun” Manning says.
   In the crate is a Browning machine gun and a number of Colt hand guns.
   “They're army surplus from the War. A little old but they still work.”
   “You didn't answer my question, Massimo?”
   “I've got a contact in Philly. Army guy. Heavy discount on everything.”
   “How many guns have you got?”
   “Five hundred hand guns. Twelve Browning machine guns and more than a hundred grenades.”
   “What are you up to?” Manning asks.
   “I'm starting my own private war, Manning. We've got a new era upon us. I've been too long in the shadows and I've just about had enough. It's time to take control of the situation.”
   “This is dangerous.”
   “For who? The Kikes? O'Kelly? The cops? Come on, you're on my side now: with you on board the war will be over before it's even begun.”
   Manning walks to the back of the truck: it's packed full of crates.
   “It's crazy,” he says. Behind him Bertoni's smiling next to Rambaudi.
   “These are the last two crates, boss,” Rambaudi, a handsome man in his mid-thirties, says.
   “Good work, Luca. Take 'em in the early hours. We don't wanna get caught red-handed.”
   Bertoni and Manning go back inside.
   “This isn't right, Massimo,” Manning says. He's sitting nervously with a whiskey in his hand.
   “What aiyn't right. It's dog eat dog out on them streets, and I can tell you for sure I'm not gonna be the one who gets eaten. I'm here to stay.”
   “But think about all the people who could get hurt?”
   “Listen to you, you whining fuck – do you know who you are? Maybe I should tell you?”
   “I know who I am,” Manning answers.
   “And who are you, Police Commissioner Manning?”
   “I'm a police officer.”
   “You're a what?!” Bertoni exclaims, getting up.
   “I'm a police officer.”
   “No, Pat, you were once. Now you're just another gangster. Don't call yourself a police officer. Bayside City's got plenty of them schmucks on the streets. No, you haven't been a cop for a long time.”
   

HOME SWEET HOME

Manning leaves Bertoni's complex. His mind is torn apart. He's stuck in the corner with a boxer going all out at him. Hooks to the chin. Heavy punches to the body. He's fighting it best he can but there's not much he can do to stay on his feet. He wants out.  Yet he knows after what Bertoni's shown him that's never going to happen now. Who can he turn to? The State Prosecutor? No way. One sniff of him knowing he's colluding with Bayside City's most notorious gangster, and it's the slammer for him. Better go with it – at least then he's guaranteed some good bank and the easy life.
   When he gets home, his wife's listening to the radio in the kitchen, knitting at the table.
   “Are you hungry, honey?” she asks her husband as she puts down her knitting needles.
   “I already ate.”
   “Would you like a cup of hot chocolate before you go to bed?”
   “Yeah, that'd be great... How were the kids tonight?” Manning says.
   “Fine.”
   “Can I ask you a question, dear?” 
   She looks at her husband. This is a strange question for him to ask.
   “Yeeesss.”
   “Am I a good man?”
   “Of course you are,” she says as she's pouring milk into a pot ready to boil on the stove.
   “I'm serious. Am I a good husband, a good father, a good cop?”
   She doesn't say a word other than go over to him and embraces him.
   In bed that night, Manning can do anything but sleep. The whole world is spinning and it's all his own fault. He has to do something, but he doesn't know what it is. Friends. He needs friends. Bertoni's already one but he knows he can only trust him so much before it goes all wrong. His detectives and police officers respect and love him, but that wouldn't last long if they found out what he's been up to. Mayor Ralph Dickerson – there's another one who maybe he can go to if times get tough. It's a hard one. He has to keep his cool and play it like nothing's happened. One thing he does know, is this: with Bertoni's new found firepower and confidence, the Irish and the Jews don't stand a chance. It's only a matter of time before the Docks and every other business in Bayside City is in the Wops' control.
   He switches on the bed-side lamp.
   “Turn the light off, sweety,” his wife says, half asleep.
   “I can't sleep.”
   Manning finishes off the last of the hot chocolate. He then takes the book lying next to it, Sun Tzu's The Art of War, and starts reading.


AVI AT THE DOCKS

What have you got for me, Jack?” Baumshinsky says to Duke. It's late at night. Baumshinsky's with Katz and Gluck. Duke's on edge, and the Jews can sense it:
   “Stop shaking, man,” Gluck says to the Docks boss.
   “I'm cold.”
   And he doesn't have anything to be afraid of – Baumshinsky has paid off the nightwatchmen on duty to keep quiet about their presence, something Duke is less than happy about.
   “Yeah, like you're cold, it's sixty-five degrees you shivering prick,” Baumshinsky says to his guys. He gets a round of laughs. “Okay, open her up.”
   Duke opens up the container. They walk inside. Gluck and Duke have flashlights.
   “There you go, gentlemen, fifty cases of the best Russian vodka money can buy. You aiyn't gonna get better quality anywhere in the States.”
   “And who knows about it?” Baumshinsky asks.
   “Don't worry. I gotta guy... well, a captain of a ship actually, who brings the stuff in from Marseille in France. Only problem is no duty's been paid.”
   “How much are you throwing at him.”
   “A couple of grand.”
   “Jesus, we can make a killing with this shit,” Baumshinsky says as Duke hands him a bottle. “And you say this stuff is legit?”
   “It's from the best distillery in Leningrad.” Duke grabs the bottle back off Baumshinsky, takes the top off, pours a little in the cap, and hands it back to Baumshinsky. “Try it.”
   Baumshinsky hesitates. He doesn't trust Duke. Maybe he wants to poison him.
   “Hey, Sammy, try this,” Baumshinsky orders Gluck.
   “I aiyn't trying no shit, boss... It could be fucking diesel fuel. You know what I heard from family members back in Russia?” Gluck says to Baumshinsky.
   “No, what did you hear?” Baumshinsky replies impatiently.
   “During the war the Russian soldiers drank fuel from cars.”
   “Go fuck yourself, Sammy!” Baumshinsky says with a laugh.
   “Give it to me!” Katz says, grabbing the cap full of vodka off Baumshinsky.
   He drinks it. Baumshinsky and Gluck are just staring at Duke, expecting Katz to drop down dead. But he doesn't.
   “That's great stuff,” Katz says.
   Baumshinsky and Gluck take their turns to sample it:
   “I have to say, Jack, that this is good stuff.”
   “So we have a deal?”
   “Yeah.”
   Baumshinsky offers Duke a twenty-percent commission on his sales of the liquor. For that, Duke waves an upfront fee. He's so confident Baumshinsky will be able to sell it, he's willing to risk that.
   “So how do you want to get it out?” Duke then asks.
   “I'll bring a truck around tomorrow night.”
   “We gotta be careful, though. I don't want Smith finding out. That numb nuts is as straight as a die and will report me to the cops if he even sniffs something's not quite right.”
    “Then maybe this Smith needs some persuading,” Baumshinsky says sinisterly.
   Duke knows that can mean only one of three things: a bribe, a beating or a fatal accident if they're not in the mood to shoot him first.
   “Just keep Smith out of it... Come on, let's get outta here. That Devereux detective's been snooping around here recently. We don't wanna cross his path now, do we?” says Duke.
   “Let's split, boys,” Baumshinsky says.
   The Jews leave. Duke, meanwhile, goes back to his office, still holding the bottle of vodka in his hand. He switches on the light and sits down at his desk. He takes out the gun from the draw again. It's still loaded. He could do it now and end what he should've finished a few days before. Maybe after he's drunk the whole bottle. Maybe then he'll be full of enough courage and stupidity to finally have the balls to do what he's been wanting to do for a very, very long time: put a bullet into his brain and put an end to his sorry-as-hell existence. Because nobody would miss him. Nobody would shed a tear. He's as dirty and corrupt as anyone in the city, maybe more so. 


A BRIEF HISTORY OF HOW IT WAS AND HOW IT IS NOW

Bayside City used to be a nice place to live, but not anymore. Okay, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. Some parts are fine: they include areas of the Northside and the Irish-dominated west, as well as in the Sticks. But if you want real peace, you just have to move out. 
   Things started getting rough when the first waves of immigrants came in the 1880s and 90s from the Old Continent: the Irish, Italians and Jews, mostly, though there were others. Much like the big cities New York and Chicago in that respect. These people needed jobs, but the native, pure-bred American Baysiders were unwilling to give them any. So what did these people do? They started organising their own jobs. They hussled and got things done: They opened general stores and restaurants and barber shops and nightclubs. They started to climb the social ladder. The WASPS didn't like that, though it was their own fault. They forced the hard-working immigrant to act. And act he did. It took decades for this to happen but when it did it was something to see. 
   The mob element – a shame on the city to this day – really got a hold after the Great War: thousands of soldiers returned with no jobs to go back to. They became disenfranchised. Angry. City Hall didn't care about them. The US government neither. They were on their own, outcasts when they had been heroes in France. People forgot who they had been. So they got busy and they survived. They formed themselves into collectives – gangs in a word. At first it was tough as they weren't organised, but as time went on and they learnt from their mistakes and from their contacts from the more well-established gangs in the bigger cities, they got wiser. And richer. They took nothing for granted and defended their turf with an aggressive passion the police were afraid of.
   The current turf war is only one of many in Bayside City's history. The most violent one was the war between the Italians led by Ray Riina and the Irish mob headed by one of O'Kelly's predecessors, Fergal Doolan. Blood running the streets was commonplace during that era. A five-year battle raged. Power and money were king and nothing else mattered. The number of victims – both mob members and civilians all told – went into the multiple hundreds.
   A new dawn of violence is upon the city now. The police fear another bloodbath. Bertoni is the most vicious and callous mob boss the city has ever seen, and he hasn't even started yet. That's why people are talking about it with fear. 


BERTONI AND MANNING AT IT AGAIN

“You better make this quick, Manning,” Bertoni says. He's walking his dog in the woods, somewhere outside Bayside City.
   “This isn't right,” says Manning.
   “What aiyn't right?”
   “You know what.”
   “Hey, Rosey!” Bertoni shouts to his dog. “Get your nose outta that goddamn shit, you stupid mutt!” The dog rushes over to its master. Behind Bertoni are Rambaudi and Moratti. Bertoni and Manning walk on. “Listen, maybe I'm a bit soft between the fucking ears, but didn't we discuss this shit already? I've got the guns. You know I have. And soon I'm gonna use 'em. Capiche?”
   “This goes way beyond anything I ever agreed to.”
   Bertoni stops. He looks at Manning like he's got a third eye popping up on his forehead, and says:
   “Listen, you stupid fuck, you're in this deeper than you ever know, so the best thing you can fucking do is keep your mouth shut and stay calm. Remember, one word from me and you'll be in Sing Sing.” Bertoni smiles sinisterly. “Just imagine, all them cons knowing you were a bent cop... I dunno, Pat, I don't think you'd be the most welcome chum in the joint. Ask me, I'd give you a few days before some wiseguy with a hand-made razor sticks it in you as a welcome present...” As Bertoni's going on, Manning's throat starts to go dry and he feels weak. “...What's the problem, Police Commissioner,” Bertoni goes on, “feel sick?”
   “I'm okay... I just need to sit down.” Manning drops to the leaf-covered ground. It's damp – it was raining a few hours before.
   “You'll get wet down there,” says Bertoni. The mob boss's dog starts licking Manning's hands and face. “I think she wants to fuck you,” Bertoni says. Rambaudi and Moratti get some laughs out of that.
   “What's so funny?!” Manning snaps at Bertoni's men. “You've ruined me.”
   “Nobody's ruined you, you've ruined yourself with your fucking greed and dishonesty your whole career,” Bertoni says.
   “How do you think I got the job then, through charity and humility?” Manning says as he struggles back on his feet, pushing the dog away.
   “Nah, it surely wasn't that. Come here, Rosey, leave the scumbag alone.”
   “You can't do it, Massimo. You can't start a war on this scale. I won't let you, you hear?”
   “Nobody's gonna stop me.”
   “Hey, John, get this fuck-head outta my sight before I do something I'll regret,” Bertoni says to Moratti.
   Manning needs no help: Looking at Bertoni with contempt and disillusionment, he walks away.
   “That guy's gonna get us in big trouble, boss,” Rambaudi says, throwing his smoke on the damp ground while giving Bertoni's dog a pat on the head.
   “He's cool. He's got no choice. And anyway, one word to a soul about our plans and I'm gonna put a fucking bullet in his head.”
   Bertoni trusts his own instincts on this one. Manning won't tell. Manning won't let the cat out of the bag – but how does he really know the cop won't? Arrogance can get you in trouble. Bertoni should know: he's been in the can twice because of it. He's older now, though, wiser to the world and all the tricks in it. Manning's going to play by his rules or no rules at all. It's his way or the cemetery gates.
   It's tough at the top of the tree, but even tougher at the bottom. Bertoni's experience tells him to trust no one – not even his closest associates, Rambaudi, Moratti, Schirru and Zoccarato. If any of them got out of hand or thought of playing the power game with him, he wouldn't think twice about ending their lives like a cockroach on a kitchen floor. It'd be simple. No questions asked. There'd be no sentiment. He doesn't have time for it.
   “Hey, boss,” Rambaudi asks Bertoni as he's driving him home. Moratti's in the back seat, playing with a deck of cards, “I just think we should take a little time in bringing this Manning on board.”
   “Shut the fuck up, Luca,” Bertoni says.
   “Yeah, shut the fuck up, Luca,” Moratti says with a laugh.
   “No you shut the fuck up, Johnny Boy, before I put my fist straight through them cards in your hands and into your face.”
   “Tough guy, are you?” Moratti says in a mocking voice.
   “Tougher than you... Hey, boss, did you hear what happened to us at the weekend?” Rambaudi says to Bertoni but looking at Moratti.
   “No, what's that?”
   “We were with these two broads in a club downtown when two spooks came up to us and asked the ladies how much they charged by the hour.”
   “You're shitting me?” Bertoni says, animated now.
   “Yeah. Anyways, this piece a shit behind me didn't wanna say nothing. You know how it is: you gotta defend the girls, obviously-”
   “He's talking shit, boss, don't listen none!” Moratti interrupts.
   “No, no, you shut up... So anyways, I have to do something, cos this broad's with me – a brunette with real nice titties – starts getting angry at 'em. Yellow belly here walks away, saying he's gonna get another drink at the bar. Well I fuck him, and I fuck them niggers. I just roll over 'em with my fists... So, the men are down and the women's honour's been restored. Amen.”
   “He's full of shit, boss,” Moratti says. “Nothing like that happened.”
   “You punks are dead in the fucking head, you know that?” Bertoni says, laughing.


DRIVE BY

Anthony Schirru, one of Bertoni's associates and a devoted family man, is at the table eating supper with his wife, Elaine and their three daughters, Milly, eight, Catherine, five, and little Amelia, three. Like always there's laughter and joy in the Schirru household tonight.
   Suddenly the telephone rings. Elaine gets up to answer it in the next room. She comes back a moment later with her eyes up:
   “It's Mr Bertoni.”
   Schirru never likes to keep Bertoni waiting: he jumps up, goes into the living room and closes the door. The conversation is quick but important.
   “Who was that, Daddy?” Catherine asks her father.
   “Nobody, sweety. Eat up.”
   After supper, they're all in the family room. The two older girls are playing with dolls and fighting amongst themselves. Elaine is sewing one of the girl's dresses. Schirru, with his youngest daughter on his knees, is listening to the news on the radio. If Schirru wasn't a gangster, you'd think this was a typical American family. There's the love and laughter, of course, but something's missing. Maybe it's the father's innocence, or lack of it. The fact that he's killed more than ten men has got to have something to do with it, though his wife and children don't know that. To them he is a model father and husband.
   After Schirru's finished listening to the news, it's time to put the children to bed. He gives the youngest a bath first and then uses the same water for the other two who he washes together. After that he dries and puts on their pyjamas. Next they have to brush their teeth. When their teeth are done, he takes them all to  Milly's room and reads them a story. Tonight it's Cinderella again. Schirru hates Cinderella as much as he hates O'Kelly and Baumshinsky, but he can put himself through the torture for his daughters. When he's finished the story, he tells the two youngest to go to their shared room and wait for him. He says his prayers with Milly. One Our Father and a Hail Mary. He then kisses her goodnight, turns the light off and closes the door. He repeats the action with the two youngest ones.
   “How were they?” his wife says when he comes back down. She's doing the ironing. The Schirrus are rich enough to have a maid – even five – but Catherine's your typical Italian-American housewife and is adamant she can do it all herself.
   “Great.”
   “We're so lucky, darling,” she says.
   And they are – they're all healthy and well-behaved.
   “I'm just going into the study to do some paperwork,” Schirru then says.
   “Before you do, can you just check the mailbox? I forgot this afternoon.”
   “Of course, honey.”
   Schirru walks down the path to the mailbox. He opens it. There are three letters addressed to him. He opens one: it's a bill. He's about to open a second when he hears a car screeching round the corner at full speed. Without warning he hears machine gun fire. Luckily he manages to jump behind the low wall that separates his front yard from the sidewalk. The shots continue for a few seconds before the car speeds off. He gets up. All he can think about is his wife and daughters. He rushes in. Panicking, he searches the house for his wife. He finds her crying on the kitchen floor. Schirru then runs up the stairs to check on his daughters: The three girls are together in Milly's room. 
   “Was that noise fireworks, Daddy? Catherine asks her father with a smile.
   “No, dear.” He grabs the youngest into his arms and takes them downstairs to their mother. “Go down to the cellar now!” Schirru orders them.
   Catherine knows what her husband does for a living but she's never experienced anything like this before.
   “What's going on, Tony?” she asks him.
   “To the cellar. Now. Just do it.”
   He pushes them into the cellar and locks the door. Then, sweating and with his pulse racing, he goes into his study which he always locks and takes the pistol from the draw. When he's done that, he picks up the carpet that's in front of the fireplace. With a key from his pocket, he opens the small compartment hidden in the floorboards, and takes out a Tommy gun before he goes outside to check carefully. Already some of his neighbours are on the street.
   “Go back inside!” he shouts to them.
   Maybe they know what he does for a living, because they do exactly what he says when they see the guns in his hands. He won't call the cops. He doesn't need to. He's got his own justice department a mere phone call away. There are bullet holes everywhere near the front door and window next to it. Schirru realises just how lucky he and his family have been. He checks the street from his lawn. It's all clear, so he goes back into his study and makes a phone call:
   SCHIRRU: It's me, Tony. Somebody just tried to whack me, Catherine and the girls.
   BERTONI: What?!
   SCHIRRU: We're all right but it was a close fucking call, know what I mean.
   BERTONI: I'll send some guys over to get you. Have the shooters gone?
   SCHIRRU: Disa-fucking-ppeared outta sight...
   Thirty minutes later, two cars arrive with Zoccarato and six soldiers.
   “Let's go,” Zoccarato says, smoking.
   “I'll just get Catherine and the kids.”
   After grabbing a few essentials, Zoccarato takes Schirru and his family to Bertoni's place.


SAFE HAVEN

Catherine is tucking the girls into bed in the annexe of Bertoni's mansion. Bertoni, meanwhile, has called an emergency meeting. Sitting round the table with him in his study are Schirru, Zoccarato, Moratti and Rambaudi along with a few other associates and soldiers.
   “It's gotta be Baumshinsky,” Schirru says, hands clenched and angry.
   “I say it's them Mick fucks,” says Rambaudi.
   “Whoever it is, we've gotta act tonight,” Bertoni says.
   “So, what, boss, we just move in on all of 'em at the same time?” Moratti asks, sucking on a lollipop.
   “Maybe we should,” Bertoni says.
   “I don't think that'd be a very good idea,” says Schirru.
   “Then what the fuck are we gonna do?” Zoccarato adds.
   The meeting goes on for a few hours. Bertoni wants to raid Red Magic and cut down any Kike in the place. Rambaudi, who thinks O'Kelly's behind the shooting, prefers to cause havoc on the Westside. Schirru, the most level-headed of the bunch, thinks otherwise:
   “Hey, boss, what about asking Manning if he knows what's going on. Sniff around... I mean, it's not exactly like any of us has been killed. We don't wanna start a war with the Irish, the Kikes and the cops all at the same time, do we? We should bide our time for that shit.”
   Bertoni doesn't say a word. He only thinks about what he wants to say: He knows how it is – with their recent acquisition of firepower, nobody in Bayside City can match them, both in terms of guns or manpower. If he wants to crush them all, he can. Yet, he knows it's not so simple: He remembers what happened twenty years before when the Italians tried to raise the stakes of power in the city: they got stung by the army. Yeah, Wilfred Drexler, the mayor at the time, brought in the armed forces to put down the Italian mob when the cops weren't able to.
   “Okay, boys, this is what we're gonna do: We're gonna lay low. I'm gonna call a meeting with Manning. If Manning doesn't know nothing, I'll ask him to talk to Dickerson. The Mayor knows if an ant farted in Nebraska... If that don't work, then we'll go all out. We'll wipe Baumshinsky and O'Kelly off the face of the earth, just to make sure...”


NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS

Devereux pulls the car up outside Mrs Zambrotta's palatial home. He gets out, walks up the path and knocks on the door. The tall butler lets him in.
   “This way, Detective,” the butler says. “Mrs Zambrotta's in her husband's study.
   Devereux walks into her study.
   “Hello, Detective,” Mrs Zambrotta says with a smile as she gets up. “Arnold, get the gentleman a drink – what would you like, Detective?”
   “A coffee'd be nice.”
   The butler walks out. Devereux and Mrs Zambrotta sit down. As a police officer, Devereux's mind is working overtime: He scans the room for clues, for hints, anything to help him in his investigation which at the moment is going nowhere.
   “I'm afraid I've got nothing positive to tell you, Mrs Zambrotta,” Devereux says.
   “Much as I expected.”
   “Are you sure there's nothing else you can tell me... I don't know, something comical even, that would help me in my investigation?”
   “I'm afraid not.”
   The questions and answers go back and forth. Meanwhile Arnold the butler comes in with the drinks. As they're speaking, the butler puts down the tray with drinks and a few cookies. Devereux suddenly notices that the butler is looking at him strangely, as if he wants to tell him something but he can't. Mrs Zambrotta is unaware of this.
   The butler leaves them.
   “I promise, Mrs Zambrotta, it doesn't matter how long it takes, we'll find your husband's killer.”
   “I hope so, Detective.”
   After they've finished, Mrs Zambrotta escorts Devereux to the front door.
   “We'll be in touch,” Devereux says.
   “Oh, look, it's starting to rain – I'll ask Arnold to give me an umbrella for you.” Mrs Zambrotta briefly disappears, coming back with an umbrella. “This was my husband's, Detective.”
   “I shouldn't.”
   “Take it.”
   “Goodbye then, Mrs Zambrotta.”
   It's pouring down now as Devereux's walking to his car. He opens the trunk, puts the umbrella inside and gets in the car. Once in, he turns on the radio and lights a cigarette. Irving Berlin's Blue Skies is playing. He goes into a catatonic state, of sorts, because the song reminds him of when he and his wife started dating. It was with this song that Devereux first danced with her. He will never forget that. It was at the Chapier Ballroom. The time seems an age ago now, though.
   There's a knock on the window. Devereux comes back to reality. It's Arnold, Mrs Zambrotta's butler, carrying an umbrella.
   “Did I forget something?” Devereux says.
   “I need to talk to you?”
   “Get in.” Arnold gets in the passenger seat. “So, what's the problem? I saw you looking at me in the study.”
   “Mrs Zambrotta's in trouble.”
   “How?”
   “Her life's in danger.”
   Devereux's trying to make sense of it all, but he can't.
   “Slow down, Arnold – what do you mean 'her life's in danger'?”
   “She's got people after her.”
   “Who? What people?”
   “Bad ones.”
   “The mob?”
   “Worse than that.”
   “I'm gonna see her!” Devereux then says, ready to get out of the car.
   “No, you can't let her know I came to see you... You see, she doesn't know I know about the trouble she's in.”
   “You're confusing me now.”
   “Listen,” Arnold says after a pause, “all I'm here to say is that I know she's in danger. You've got to listen to me. She's involved with dangerous people, really dangerous people, and very soon she could end up dead. I love Mrs Zambrotta, you see. She's been a very good employer: kind. Patient. Understanding. I don't want to see anything bad happen to her.”
   Arnold gets out of the vehicle as quickly as he got in, leaving Devereux on his own with the radio playing and the rain pattering heavily against the car.
   Who is this fruitcake? he thinks. Should he just ignore the guy? Or maybe he's telling the truth and Mrs Zambrotta really is in danger. 
   With a sigh, Devereux rolls down the window and throws his smoke out. It lands with a hiss on the rain-soaked sidewalk.
   

PURPLE HAZE

“Sit down, Lawrence,” Baumshinsky says to Fish. With Fish is Jimmy Fox, another Afro-American. “So what have you got for me?”
   Behind Baumshinsky is his almost ever present shadow, Katz.
   Fish smiles triumphantly – he has something Baumshinsky doesn't. It's now time to flirt it.
   “Ever been to Mexico, Avi?” Fish asks.
   “Yeah, once – why you asking?”
   “What do you know about narcotics?”
   “What do I know? Not a shit lot.”
   Beside him, Fish has got a brown leather pouch. He picks it up, places it on the table, opens it and takes out a map of the USA and Mexico.
   “Marijuana. That's what it's about.”
   “Marijuana – that's old fucking news, Lawrence. Tell me something I don't know.”
   “Show him, Jimmy.”
   Fox takes a small package of something out of his pocket. He puts it on the table.
   “What's this shit?” Baumshinsky says.
   “This shit is the best drug money can buy these days in this great country of ours – the thing is, Avi, nobody knows about it. This is Purple Haze. It's a derivative of marijuana. Only twice the effect.”
   “You're shitting me?” Baumshinsky says, picking up the package. He takes some out and sniffs it. “Smells pretty good, but no different to anything else.”
   Fox takes a rolled up cigarette from his breast pocket and hands it to Baumshinsky.
   “Try this,” says Fish.
   Like the pill-taking, whiskey-swigging, whore-bashing wise guy that he is, the Jew doesn't hesitate.
   As they look on in silence with smiles on their faces, Baumshinsky smokes away. After a few inhalations, he's somewhere else:
   “What the fuck!” he screams, getting up. “Jesus H. Christ, I'm fucking flying here guys – what is this shit, what is it?!”
   “That's the future of America, that's what that shit is,” Fish says.
   An hour or so later, and with Baumshinsky, Katz, Fish and Fox all high, Sammy Gluck walks in.
   “What the fuck!” he says. “It smells like a cannabis factory in here.”
   “Sit down, Sammy, and shut the fuck up,” Baumshinsky orders his man.
   “So what do you say, Avi, you interested?” Fish asks.
   “I most certainly am... Where the fuck did you get this stuff?”
   “As I told you, Mexico. We can be the first ones to get this in the country before some other fucks do. We'll be producers, middlemen, and salesmen too. The whole thing would come through us.”
   “So where's it produced?” Baumshinsky then says. His voice lets it known that he's serious about this business opportunity. Forget liquor. Forget racketeering. Forget anything that has ever come before. This is the way to go, and he knows it.
   “Southern Mexico. I gotta contact down there who employs a whizz kid chemist from some college in Mexico City who knows his shit. We pay 'em a small cut. The rest is ours.”
   “Sounds a bit too good to be true if you ask me, boss,” Gluck says.
   “And what about Bertoni?”
   “The Italians don't know shit about it... But I tell you, Avi, if you aiyn't interested I'm afraid you'll force me to go someplace else for the business.”
   “Let's kill 'em,” Katz says, his gun now pointing at Fish.
   “Put the gun down, Moishe,” Baumshinsky says to Katz. Reluctantly, Katz puts away his steel. “Would you do it to me, Lawrence, I mean go to the Italians?”
   “I'm a businessman, Avi. I gotta make a living just like everybody else.”
   “And what are the profit margins on this?”
   “Infinite. When we get it on the streets, who knows.”
   Baumshinsky has to think deep and hard, because with this kind of revenue on board, his organisation will have money for more guns and more hired hands. Shit, he could even pay off Bertoni.
   “Let me think about it, Lawrence.”
   “You've got three days.”
   Fish and Fox leave Baumshinsky's office.
   “What do you think, boys?” Baumshinsky asks Katz and Gluck.
   “I don't trust 'em,” says Katz.
   “Me too,” Gluck says.
   “It's a lot of fucking money to turn down though, know what I'm saying?”
   “We do, boss, but I don't trust no niggers,” Katz says.
   “Spooks are good for singing and dancing, boss, not for this,” says Gluck. “If we're gonna do it, I say we should do it ourselves. Kill Fox and Fish. Go down to Mexico. Persuade the Pablos to take us on board – if they don't agree, kill them fucks too. Take it for ourselves.”
   “I don't think it's as simple as that, Sammy,” Baumshinsky says.
   And it's never as simple as that – what, Baumshinsky wants to have another enemy in the blacks? I don't think so. There are enough of them in Bayside City to cause his crew enough trouble to last a lifetime.
   “How's it not, boss?” Katz says. “We control what comes in and out through the Docks. This was meant to be for us... Listen, I'll go after the two niggers now with a few boys, bring 'em in, torture 'em till they give us the information we need... And then we can just kill 'em. Nobody will ever know?”
   “Less of that, Moishe. You're not thinking straight. In this game we have to be tacticians. Play one off the other. I'll sit on this for a few days till I decide what's better for us. And only then... Leave me alone now, boys, I've got some thinking to do.”
   Katz and Gluck leave Baumshinsky to his own thoughts. 
   Maybe a new Jewish empire's on the cards, the first in Bayside City's history. Baumshinsky wants to achieve what Meyer Lansky and Bugsy Siegel did in New York, but at the moment Bertoni's the only man standing in his way.


A COFFEE AND A DONUT

“How's is going, Dick?” Stanley asks as Devereux takes a seat at the counter of Fratelli's.
   “Could be better, Stan,” Devereux says, taking out a cigarette. He lights it. “This town's going to the dogs.”
   “I could've told you that myself... What will it be?”
   “Just a strong coffee... And maybe a donut.”
   “One strong coffee and a donut coming up.”
   Devereux's in no mood for talking, so once Stanley's poured the coffee and given him his donut, he goes over to the corner. His usual place is occupied by a pretty couple in their early twenties.
   Looking out of the window, Devereux can see a shoeshine boy on the other side of the street cleaning a man's shoes. Next to him, an attractive woman in a red coat is standing. Maybe she's waiting for somebody.  What these three people don't know is that Bayside City is a place where if you don't know what you're doing or you say the wrong thing to the wrong person, you can get yourself killed. Just like his wife and daughter. They were harmlessly shopping for Christmas presents, and ended up dead on the street. As much as Devereux wants to get it out of his mind, he can't. Seeing the two of them  on the slab at the mortuary was an experience that will be with him for the rest of his life. And for it Bertoni and Baumshinsky are going to pay.
   “Can I join you, Dick?” Stanley says, smiling.
   “Sit down,” Devereux replies reluctantly. He'd like to be alone now with only his thoughts, but Stanley obviously has other ideas.
   “Did you hear the game on the radio last night?” Stanley says after he's sat down.
   “No.”
   “The Devils won.”
   “That's no surprise.”
   “What's up, Dick... You don't seem your normal self?”
   Stanley's a good man but now he's asking stupid questions.
   “No, I'm fine. Just tired.”
   “Any updates on the Zambrotta case?”
   “The Zambrotta case? How did you know I was on that?”
   “I read the papers, Dick.”
   “No, I'm getting nowhere,” he says with a chuckle, more out of depression than any sense of joy.
   Devereux's losing it as a detective and losing it fast. He used to be the best in town. He'd solve murders for fun. But that's not the case anymore. His wife and daughter's deaths have messed him up.
   “What about Bertoni? The press are directing the blame his way.”
   “We can never discount Bertoni.”
   “It makes no sense to me.”
   “What makes no sense?”
   “Who'd want to kill him?”
   “Come on, Stanley, just take a look outside: the streets are a vicious place to be, and it's not gonna get no safer. In ten years I don't wanna predict what it's gonna be like.”
   “You know what,” Stanley begins in a nostalgic tone, “I remember when Bayside City was a safe place to live. People respected people and that was that. A man needed help, you helped him. Friends were always there for one another... The cops and City Hall reckon the immigrants are to blame for all our trouble, but I don't buy it. There are decent folk everywhere, in every country of the world. It's all the money that's come in. It's greed, Dick. Pure greed. Nowadays the public don't care for much apart from making a quick buck. Cut out the money and it'll all return to the way it was.” 
   “Thanks for the lecture,” Devereux says as Stanley's getting up.
   “Just think about what I said... Can I get you a refill?”
   “No, thanks,” Devereux replies. 
   Stanley walks away. Devereux, meanwhile, looks out of the window again: the woman in the red coat has gone. The shoeshine boy has a new customer: a business-type, smart suit and bowler hat. Ivy League college. From the velvet breed. Bertoni, Baumshinsky and O'Kelly are the disease of the city, but these guys are the actual cause of it all. Money. Greenbacks. Dead presidents. The more they earn, the more they want. Dickerson's kind of man. Everybody in the city's oblivious to the fact apart from a few smart and honest cops, a handful of journalists with a boatload of integrity – including Devereux's friend Tatler – and Stanley Fratelli, it seems.
   Sighing, Devereux places some loose change on the table, wishes Stanley a good day and leaves Fratelli's diner, his hunger pangs gone from the donut.


THE SLEAZE-BAG MOTEL

Motel room. Quiet and secluded. Maria Zambrotta, the late Mario Zambrotta's wife, is naked in bed. A white sheet is covering her. She is snoozing lightly after making love. 
   The sound of a male's voice singing in the bathroom and water from the shower. A jazz tune's playing quietly in the background, just enough to hear.
   The man stops singing. He's drying himself now. After a moment he walks into the room. A white towel is around his waste, protecting his modesty. He walks up to Mrs Zambrotta and places a gentle kiss on her cheek. She stirs:
   “Hello, darling,” she says.
   “Did I wear you out?” he asks
   The man is Police Commissioner Patrick Manning.
   “No, not at all – come back to bed,” she says, grabbing him round the neck. 
   He climbs on top her her. They kiss passionately, then make love – the third time tonight. Manning is like a wild animal. The lust he feels for her is immeasurable. At the moment Manning's wife is nowhere in his thoughts. As he's grinding up and down, pushing his manliness deeper into Mrs Zambrotta, he can only feel his own pleasure and satisfaction. That's all that matters.
   “How was that, baby?” Manning says, cigarette in his mouth, glass of whiskey on the bedside table.
   “Unforgettable, darling,” she says, stretching.
   Manning reaches over and kisses her again. He loves the taste of her fleshy lips. For her age Mrs Zambrotta is an attractive woman, far more of a prize than his own wife. A streak of guilt then suddenly comes over him, but only briefly. He blanks it out again. Manning's good at doing that. He's a master at it now.
   “What time do you have to go back?” she asks him.
   Manning checks his watch which is resting on the bedside table, next to the whiskey:
   “We've got another hour.”
   It's their secret, the despicable crime. Nobody's ever going to suspect him. He's a respected member of society.
   “Only an hour?”
   “I've got to get home, you know that.”
   Maria Zambrotta's feels second best again – Manning promised her everything and the earth once her husband was out of the way, but it looks like it's not working out the way she had hoped. She had thought before his death Manning would offer her romance and an exciting life, one which she had never had with her globe-trotting husband, who had hardly been in Bayside City for the last two years of his life. Manning also promised to divorce his wife.
   “When are you going to tell her?” Mrs Zambrotta asks, taking the cigarette from his mouth and putting it in hers.
   “When am I going to tell who what?”
   “Your wife about us?” she says. She blows out a ring of smoke. “It's been long enough.”
   “What's been long enough?”
   “To tell her about us.”
   Manning feels exasperated – he never expected this from her tonight. He only came for sex and a good time. 
   “It's not going to happen.”
   “What did you say?” she says.
   “You heard me.”
   “What do you mean 'it's not going to happen'? What the hell are you doing in bed with me? Why did we kill my husband?”
   “That's what you wanted, not me.” Mrs Zambrotta slaps him across the face. “Now what was that for?” Manning then says with a cheeky smile.
   “Do you think this is some kind of joke?”
   “No.”
   She slaps him once more.
   “I wouldn't do that again if I were you,” he says in a way she's never heard before. The tone's cold. Icy. There's no emotion. It sends her second guessing.
   Mrs Zambrotta gets up from the bed, and walks into the bathroom. At the sink, she takes a long and serious look at herself in the mirror. She doesn't like who she is anymore. Too many people have been hurt. She wants to tell Manning something to get back at him, just for the sake of a little dignity. She feels she needs that cathartic experience to expose itself. That would make her feel better. Then there'd be satisfaction guaranteed.
   She starts crying, though she doesn't let Manning know she is. That would make him feel like he's won. 
   Once she's finished, she wipes the tears away with a tissue and goes back into him.
   “He was better than you,” she says.
   Manning's by the window, glancing out from the curtains.
   “Who was better than me?” he asks vacantly.
   “Bertoni.”
   Manning turns around.
   “What do you mean Bertoni was better than me?” he asks, angry now.
   “He was a better lover than you.”
   He approaches her slowly, glass of whiskey in his hand.
   “Bertoni was your lover?” he says threateningly.
   “Yes. Italians are much better than you Irish... Why do you think I married Zambrotta?”
   Manning's pride is being bruised. How could she?
   “You're lying?”
   “I'm not. We were together for years.”
   “You're lying.”
   “No I'm not.”
   “You bitch.”
   “What, can't handle the truth, honey?”
   Manning's face turns to stone: her words have cut him to the core.
   “You've betrayed me.”
   “The only person I've betrayed is my husband.”
   He lunges at her with his fist, knocking her to the ground. Mrs Zambrotta falls to the floor in a shriek of pain. Manning then jumps on top of her, slapping her from cheek to cheek.
   “Take that, bitch!” he says, saliva coming out of his mouth.
   “Leave me alone!” she answers, kicking and screaming.
   Grabbing hold of her wrists now, Manning starts kissing her on the neck, but there's no passion: it's brutal, missing any of the sensuality that came in the past. He's trying to show her who's boss. And it's surely Manning.
   She manages to head butt him.
   “Ah!” he cries out, punching her again. “You're going to regret that, bitch.”
   Mrs Zambrotta's on the floor, bleeding, bruised and battered. She's alive, but barely. Manning's beaten her to the edge of death. He wanted to finish her off, but he won't – not for all the sexual pleasure she's given him over the last year. She's worth that at least.
   She tries to open her eyes but they're swollen and she can't. All she can taste is blood.
   “What did... I... ever... do to you... Patrick?” she then struggles to say, dispensing the last of her energy.
   “You should've kept your goddamn mouth shut, baby,” Manning says. He leaves the motel room. 
   As Manning's closing the door, she falls unconscious.


A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR

Her face swollen beyond all recognition, Mrs Zambrotta walks out of the Bayside City Central Hospital after treatment for her injuries: a broken nose, cheekbone and shoulder blade. Three fractured fingers too, just to add to it. A dead husband, murdered by her lover and attacker, Police Commissioner Patrick Manning. And most of all, permanent psychological damage.
   Outside the building, she flags a cab and goes home. 
   It's late at night. Mrs Zambrotta can't sleep: her injuries are too painful for that and the memories of what Manning did to her. She's got to do something. Make him pay. She picks up the phone:
   MRS ZAMBROTTA: Detective?
   DEVEREUX: Who's speaking?”
   MRS ZAMBROTTA: Maria Zambrotta.
   DEVEREUX: It's late.
   MRS ZAMBROTTA: I need to speak to you. It's urgent. Can you come over?
   DEVEREUX: Can't you tell me over the phone?
   MRS ZAMBROTTA: No. Can you come?
   DEVEREUX: Give me thirty minutes.
   Twenty five minutes later and Devereux's at Mrs Zambrotta's. Arnold the butler opens the door.
   “I told you, didn't I?” Arnold says, bringing him upstairs to Mrs Zambrotta's bedroom.
   “Hello, Detective. How are you?” Mrs Zambrotta says as Devereux walks into the bedroom.
   “What happened?” he asks.
   “Wouldn't you like to know, Detective. Please, sit down.”
   Devereux sits on the bed.
   “Who did this to you, Mrs Zambrotta?”
   “This town's cursed. There are too many bad people.”
   “Who did it?”
   “Can you pass me a cigarette – my case is over on the desk.”
   Devereux walks over to the desk, picks up Mrs Zambrotta's cigarette case, opens it, and hands her a smoke. She places it in her mouth. He lights it for her.
   “Now can you please tell me what's going on?” Devereux asks impatiently.
   “Oh, Detective, what a stupid person I've been... How could I have done it?”
   “Done what?”
   Mrs Zambrotta begins crying, though it's painful to do so as her eyes are swollen and heavily bruised. Her mistakes are going to cost her a lengthy prison term if she tells him.
   “Can you pass me a tissue?” she then asks, pointing to the desk again.
   Sighing, Devereux rushes over to the desk again and grabs the whole box of tissues. She wipes her eyes.
   “So?”
   “I'm evil, Detective, and I never deserved him.”
   “Deserved who?”
   “My husband, Mario.”
   Devereux knows all about grief, but he wants to get to the bottom of Mrs Zambrotta's injuries, and this circumnavigating the story is not going to get to the truth.
   “Please, Mrs Zambrotta, who attacked you? I need to know. Is it connected to your husband's murder?”
   “Yes.”
   Obsessed with Zambrotta's murder, Devereux moves closer to her.
   “Tell me what happened.”
   Mrs Zambrotta goes on to tell him everything. 
   His boss, Patrick Manning, as good a cop as he has ever known, is not really the man he thought he was. He's a crook. He's a murderer. He's a woman beater and a host of other things.
   “Are you sure about this?” Devereux says. He's on his fifth cigarette in twenty minutes.
   “He murdered my husband, Detective, what are you going to do about it?”
   And what is the cop going to do about it? He's got a job to do: put the scum of Bayside City away. Lock them up forever.
   “How could you do it, Mrs Zambrotta?”
   “I don't have an answer to that question. I was foolish, I know.”
   “It's accessory to murder. Manning will fry and you'll be locked up till you're old and grey.”
   “I'm aware of the consequences.”
   “You know I'm going to have to bring you in?”
   “Yes.”
   “You had everything... I mean, just look at where you live? Your life. The life Mario gave you: Glamour. Riches. Fame, of sorts. It's just hard for me to understand.”
   “Some things in life can't be explained so easily.”
   “Get up,” Devereux then says, “and get dressed. I'll be outside. Don't try to escape.”
   Devereux leaves the room. Mrs Zambrotta gets dressed. After he's put the handcuffs on her, he takes her downstairs. As they're going out through the front door, the butler Arnold appears. Devereux turns to him, and winks.
   “Sorry, Arnold,” Mrs Zambrotta says.


THAT'S WHAT PALS ARE FOR

“So,” Detective,” Mrs Zambrotta says in the back seat of Devereux's car, “this is how it's going to end... who'd have thought it?”
   Devereux drives on in silence. He's thinking: The guiltiest sonofabitch is still free – and who's going to believe him anyway?
   He's got an idea.
   The cop turns the car around. Mrs Zambrotta asks him where he's going but he won't tell her.
   Devereux knocks on the door of this quiet, suburban street.
   The lights come on upstairs. Everyone in the house must have been asleep. Well, it is the early hours of the morning.
   “Sir?” Detective Randall says to Devereux. “What time is it?”
   “Late, I know, but I need a word with you?”
   “Yawning, Randall lets him in.
   “Who's that, honey?” Randall's wife, Monica asks from the top of the stairs.
   “Detective Sergeant Devereux.”
   “Hi, Detective!” she says
   “Hello, Monica,” Devereux answers soberly.
   The two men go into the living room and sit down.
   “So what can I do you for, sir?”
   “The shit's hitting the fan, Randall.”
   “What do you mean?” Randall says with a complete look of terror on his face. Has he done something wrong? Is he going to be fired? There are these and a million other bad thoughts racing through his mind right now.
   “What would you say if I told you Manning's corrupt and murders  people?”
   “Manning? Corrupt? Murders people?”
   “I know it's hard to believe, but he murdered Zambrotta.”
   “How do you know?”
   “I've got his wife in the car. She told me everything.”
   Randall gets up and takes a peep through the curtains to Devereux's car which is parked out front. Inside he can see a woman.
   “Is that Mrs Zambrotta?”
   “Yeah. They conspired to kill him, though Manning murdered him.”
   Randall doesn't know what to say or do. He's totally flummoxed. He grabs a smoke from the packet on the mantelpiece and lights up.
   “I need a whiskey – you want one?” Randall says.
   “No.”
   Devereux's got a plan, and he needs Randall to help him do it: he wants Randall to take Mrs Zambrotta to his home, where they are to lay low for a few hours. Meanwhile Devereux will go to confront Manning at the station. 
   “I don't know how it's going to work, sir,” Randall says.
   “Will you do it for me? Can I ask you for this one favour?”
   “Of course.”
   “Okay, here's the deal: you go to my house now in my car with the broad. Take her inside and sit tight. I'll take your car and wait at the station till Randall comes in the morning. Agreed?”
   “Agreed.”
   Detective Randall and Mrs Zambrotta are already on their way to Devereux's home. Devereux, on the other hand, is going to the station.


SHOWDOWN

It's a sunny day in the City as Police Commissioner Manning's driving to work. The radio's playing an old tune that he doesn't know the name of but he likes all the same. You'd think because of the trouble he's in with Bertoni his mood would be anything other than sober. But no, that's not Manning's way. He's arrogant and conceited.
   After parking his car, Manning walks towards the steps of the station. He tips his fedora to officer Grabowski on reception and walks into the open plan office. It's already quite busy with the noise of people talking, typewriters clattering and telephones ringing.
   He turns right and walks down a corridor to his office. When he opens the door he gets a shock: sitting at his desk, feet up, is Devereux with a cigarette in his mouth.
   “Glad you could make it,” Devereux says.
   “What the hell are you doing, Devereux?” Manning asks.
   “You don't know?”
   “Get your feet off my desk and get your ass out of my chair... And when you've done that, I want a goddamn good explanation who the hell you think you are, you knuckle head.”
   “You're in big trouble,” Devereux says.
   “You cock-sure sonofabitch! You're fired, you're history, you do know that, don't you?”
   Manning storms towards Devereux, but the detective doesn't flinch.
   “Go ahead, fire me.”
   It's at that point that Manning senses all is not well. Devereux's always been a good and compliant officer of the law. Something must be up for him to behave in this way.
   “Zam...” It's the first syllable that does it. He already knows what Devereux's going to say: “...brotta.”
   “What about Zambrotta?” Manning says. He's feeling hot flushes now.
   “You killed him.”
   “I did what?!”
   “You murdered Mario Zambrotta. His wife's told me everything.”
   The bitch, Manning thinks. How could she? After everything I did for her and everything we've been through together.
   “No I didn't.”
   “She told me you did.”
   Manning looks behind him, just to check if anyone's listening from outside his office.
   “Prove it.”
   “I will.”
   “So what are you going to do? Arrest me? You know you can't.”
   Devereux gets up from the desk and walks up to Manning.
   “You're scum, Manning, you know that? Worse than even the criminals every honest cop in this town fights every day.” Devereux blows smoke in his face. “I'll get you for this.”
   “Prove it.”
   Devereux walks out of Manning's office.
   Once Devereux's disappeared, Manning goes into a panic. First thing's first: call Maria Zambrotta, find out what she said. 
   With his hands shaking as he's trying to dial the number, he's thinking what he should say to her.
   MANNING: Can I speak to Mrs Zambrotta, please?
   MALE VOICE: She's not here.
   MANNING: Who's this?
   MALE VOICE: Her butler, Arnold.
   Manning slams down the phone. Arnold must have something to do with it, and it's his own fault. He's been careless. Two visits to her home were two visits too many. Arnold must've recognised him.
   Manning gets up. He sweating more now. He starts to pace up and down, thinking about what he can do. Nothing seems right but nothing seems wrong, either. He's got to do something. He may think he's one of the untouchables in the city but that's not really the case. It's a good job he threw away the murder weapon. The knife's now buried in a forest out in the Sticks. That's one less thing to think about.
   Manning smokes one cigarette, then another, then another. He pours himself a whiskey from the small silver flask he has stashed in his draw. 
   He dials a number again:
   MANNING: How are you, dear?
   MRS MANNING: Fine – and how are you?
   MANNING: Great... Yeah, fine, great... Yeah, never been better. Fine. Great-”
   MRS MANNING: Is something wrong?
   He puts down the receiver.
   No, that was no good, it didn't help him at all.
   Manning knows what he has to do. He leaves his office quickly, gets in his car and drives away. After driving around town for some time and sure that Devereux or nobody else is tracking him, he gets to a callbox and makes another call:
   BERTONI: Who's this?
   MANNING: Manning.
   BERTONI: What the fuck are you calling me on this number, you numb skull motherfucker you? The cops or the Feds could be listening.
   MANNING: It isn't bugged. If it was, I'd know about it... Listen, I'm in trouble...


LOWEST OF THE LOW

Manning gets out of the car on a dirt road next to a wood. In front of him is a black Buick Sedan. He walks towards it and knocks on the window. Ricky Zoccarato is in the driver's seat.
   “Get in,” Zoccarato says to Manning. “Did anybody follow you?” the gangster says as they're driving out of the woods.
   “No, nobody,” Manning says, seemingly shaken.
   “You're a damn ass knuckle head shit, you know that, cop?” Zoccarato says. “Are you strapped?”
   Manning doesn't know what to say. He takes out his gun and gives it to the gangster.
   They come to the main road and turn left.
   “Where are we going?” Manning asks.
   “Don't worry, we aiyn't gonna kill you yet,” Zoccarato says, laughing.
   After driving a few miles – all the time trees either side of them – Zoccarato turns right down another dirt road. 
   Manning thinks it's a hit. That Bertoni's had enough of him and Zoccarato's going to put a bullet in his head and end it all today.
   Suddenly ahead of them Manning can see two other cars with a dozen men standing around. As the car gets closer, he makes out Bertoni with his guys.
   “What do you want from me, you fucking snake?” Bertoni says to Manning.
   “I'm in trouble, Massimo,” the cop answers, cowering in front of the mob boss.
   “Let's take a walk.” Bertoni puts his arm around Manning and they walk into the woods. Behind them is Zoccarato and Moratti. “So talk?”
   “I'm in trouble.”
   “I know you're in trouble.”
   “I mean like I killed somebody kind of trouble and now one of my detectives is on the case.”
   “You killed someone?” Bertoni says with a touch of incredulity in his voice.
   “Yeah.”
   “Who?” 
   “Mario Zambrotta.”
   “Zambrotta?”
   “Yeah, Zambrotta.”
   Bertoni stops in his tracks. He wants to comprehend this:
   “You're telling me you killed Zambrotta?”
   “Yeah, like I said.”
   “What the fuck for?”
   “I had my reasons.”
   Manning tells him about his secret affair with Zambrotta's wife. All the time while he's explaining it, Bertoni can't quite believe his ears and is amused.
   “So, what you're saying is the broad wanted him dead so she could get his inheritance and share it with you?” Bertoni says.
    “Yeah.”
   “You're a fucked up piece of goddamn shit, Manning... And his wife, where is she now?”
   “I don't know. She's disappeared.”
   “So where do I come in to all of this?”
   “I need you to kill Devereux, the detective. He's been on the Zambrotta case since his body was found. Now that he knows it was me, he wants to put me away. He wants me to fry, Massimo... Maria too, Zambrotta's wife. She's got to go... And-”
   “What the fuck are you going on about with another 'and'? Do you know what you're asking for?”
   “I also need an alibi. I thought you could help me.”
   “What about your friends – you aiyn't got none no more in the town?”
   “Listen, you help me out here and I'll make sure your boys get free fucking reign over the city. I'll make sure you get whatever you need when you need it. Those guns... I'll let you bring fifty truck loads in, no questions asked... we'll turn a blind eye. It makes sense, and you know it. Please, I'll help you destroy O'Kelly and Baumshinsky.”
   “You're a snake, Manning... But I gotta give it to you: your inventiveness is something I admire.”
   “Do we have a deal?”
   “I'm thinking about it.”
   “Well don't think too long.”
   “Where does this Devereux live?”
   “Out on Chester Avenue.”


ALMOST JOINING THE ANGELS

Devereux's back home, sitting in the front room with Randall and Mrs Zambrotta.
   “So how long am I going to be here for?” Mrs Zambrotta asks, twiddling her thumbs, the handcuffs still on her.
   “As long as it takes,” Devereux says. He's nervous and he can't sit still. He grabs Mrs Zambrotta's arm and leads her into the kitchen. “Stay here.”
   Devereux walks back into Randall.
   “I think we should just take her in. We're wasting time, sir,” says Randall.
   “I don't trust her and I don't trust Manning: bringing her in only means giving the prime witness to the prime suspect, and I can't do that.”
   Randall respects Devereux so much he hasn't even questioned him. Randall's never liked Manning anyway.
   “Can I call my wife again?” Randall asks.
   “Go ahead.”
   The detective makes a quick call to his wife.
   “She's says hello,” Randall says with a smile.
   “You sure have got a wonderful wife, Phil.”
   “I know.”
   “Caroline loved her.”
   “And she loved Caroline, sir.”
   “Listen, I'm going after Manning. Can you stay here with her for a few hours?”
   “Yeah, sure... Do you think he's at the station?”
   “I'll soon find out.”
   “Excuse me, gentlemen, but a girl needs to go to the bathroom – do you mind undoing the handcuffs?” Mrs Zambrotta asks at the kitchen door.
   Cars engines breaking suddenly. Lights. And then the sound of machine guns and shattered glass.
   “Get down!” Devereux screams
   The two detectives fall to the ground while around them the walls and furniture and ornaments are being destroyed as bullets fly in at an incredible rate. As quickly as it started, it stops. Car engines again and screeching tyres.
   Still lying on the floor, Devereux slowly gets up and looks around: Mrs Zambrotta is covered in blood: she's been shot.
   “Call the ambulance, Phil,” Devereux says.
   Devereux gets up and goes to the window. Whoever was there isn't there now.
   “She's dead, sir,” Randall says, holding her head in his hands.
   “Jesus,” says Devereux.
   “Do you think it was Manning?”
   “No, he's too smart for that.”
   “Who then?”
   “That's something I'd like to find out myself.”
   Randall calls the emergency services. Devereux, meanwhile, takes out a cigarette, lights it and goes to the front door. He then walks out onto his porch and sits down on a step, Behind him, the wooden structure's plastered with huge Thompson submachine gun bullet holes, and on the floor pieces of wood and splinters are everywhere. 
   Bullets. It's always bullets. When is the violence ever going to end? Men are greedy: always wanting more of something they've got enough of. Being a cop has never been harder. And it'll only get harder. There's no easy way for Devereux and Randall and all the other honest cops out there. People like Manning and Bertoni make it an impossible job.


HOUDINI ACT

It's all ended so well for Manning. Having influential friends does that for you. Bertoni sorted it out: He got a guy who owed him money and was also coincidentally a friend of a friend of Zambrotta's – after he'd been tortured for forty-eight hours straight – to confess to the soprano's murder. Of course, that worked a treat. Manning got off scott-free. Clean as a nun on Sunday, as they say. The only other person complicit to the murder is dead. The murder weapon – well, there is no murder weapon.
   Manning's no better than the men that his whole career he has been trying to put away. For his freedom there's no way back. He's in one-hundred percent. If Bertoni says jump, he'll have to jump. If he says kill, then that's much the same. He's a bent Irish cop in the pocket of the Italian mob, and it's all his own doing.
   Randall's left Bayside City. He wants his wife and daughters to live safely. He's gone out west to start his own private detective agency. Nobody's knows where other than Devereux.
   And Devereux, Detective Sergeant Dick Devereux. He's still in Bayside City. He's got no intention of going anywhere. Manning may have kicked him out of the force on some trumped-up charge of insubordination, but that won't stop him. Not now, anyhow. Not until he's put a few men behind bars: Bertoni. O'Kelly. Baumshinsky. And Manning, of course. Maybe Zurowicz too if he gets the chance. He wants a clean city. Devoid of filth. Sweep it out, make it good again. If for his wife and daughter's sakes more than anything else. He can't let their deaths have been for nothing. He has to honour them. And if his time comes, then he'll meet them somewhere else. Though before all that, he's got his job to do. And do it he will. He's promised them he would and he doesn't like letting people down.

      
   
Please leave an honest review – however good or bad – on the platform where you purchased this book. Thank you.
   


 
      
    
     
       
   
   
         
   

 
         
      
    
    
   
   
   
      
   
 
   
     
   
      
     
   
   
   
   
    
    
      
   
   
     
        
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
