Find My Brother
David Chilcott

Chilcott, David
Find My Brother
2015, David Chilcott
First edition
Published at Smashwords.com
Cover design by ebookcovers4u.com
(License notes) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.

Also by David Chilcott
Murphy's Heist (2014)
Cruise the Storm (2014)
Find My Brother
PROLOGUE
Over one third of the gas consumed by Europe is produced by Russia. In addition it exports huge quantities to China.
It is a very valuable source of money for Vladimir Putin, who has very carefully nursed the sales of the product. Oil and gas comprises ninety percent of Russia’s exports. Quite a lot of the gas is produced by fracking. The Russians were ahead of most in perfecting the technique, and brooked no complaints by their citizens.
It quickly became clear that there are vast shale rock reserves over the whole area of Europe, and if other countries began developing these reserves, the price of gas would collapse, and Putin was selling gas at four times the cost of production.
Together with the SVR, the Russian Intelligence Service, he came up with a plan where extreme propaganda would be directed at other European countries, inferring that fracking to extract gas and oil was dangerous, both to earth’s climate, and to the population who lived in the vicinity.
To help defray the cost of this propaganda, the middle eastern oil producers, who were also eager to stop the competition, provided some of the cash.
Such was the success of the scheme that France, Germany and Italy banned fracking. The Russians came within an ace of persuading the EU banning all fracking in any member country.
The only country in Europe continuing the pursuit of fracking is the United Kingdom, and with such high stakes, the Russians clandestinely backed the protesters, and as a result, every new drilling site has been  prevented, so far, from operating. The main organizers are The Green Party, apparently unaware of the help from outside sources.
Chapter one
John McBride parked his car in front of the Wellington Arms. He leaned into the back of the car, and pulled out his case. His art equipment he left locked in the boot.
The front bar was old, the building a timber frame structure dating back to the Middle Ages. The small windows let in very little daylight, and the electric lights were on, despite the sunny evening; wall-lights round the room, and spots behind the bar, light gleaming and reflecting on the horse brasses. He noticed pictures on the walls, old sepia photographs of village cricket teams, long gone. The main door had activated a chime, and a man bustled through behind the bar. He was dressed in a smart suit.
“Good evening, Sir.”
“I have a room booked. The name’s McBride.”
The man turned to a computer on a shelf at the back of the bar. He opened a screen, perused it, and took a key from a row above the shelf.
McBride signed the booking form that the man presented him with, filled in the registration number of his car.
“Busy?” said McBride, to make conversation.
“Well, it’s the end of the season. After this week there will be very few holidaymakers, though some business people, of course. But we’re always busy in the restaurant. That draws the locals.
“You probably saw the protest camp on your way into the village? They spend a lot of money in here, but they put off the regulars. A rough lot, by and large. We only let them in the public bar, of course. I wouldn’t even let them in there, but I’m afraid they might decide to blockade the pub.” He looked down at the registration form. “Mr McBride? Are you the artist?”
McBride nodded and smiled.
“Are you painting round here?”
“Hoping to, if the weather holds, and it might. Beautiful countryside.”
“I hope you will enjoy your stay. Can I book you in for dinner tonight?”
McBride agreed he could. He said he would eat at eight thirty, which would give him time to preview painting opportunities. No point in trying to paint so late in the afternoon, the colours are all wrong as the sun descends. He dumped his case in the room, and set off.
There was a footpath directly opposite the pub, across the road, and up a gentle rise. It ran through a stand of trees. McBride strode out at a fair pace, glad of the exercise after a few hours’ driving. As he got to the top of the hill he looked down and could see the protest camp below.
A string of tents of varying colours pitched along the edge of the field, on the other side of the hedge was the road out of the village. Two people stood in the entrance to the field holding placards. A rough hardcore track led across the field to a fenced off area with trucks and equipment surrounding a drilling rig.
There was a lot of activity in front of the tents, a camp fire with cooking utensils scattered about and people sitting in groups on folding canvas chairs. A caravan was parked a little way from the tents. A couple of old cars completed the scene.
McBride was on the edge of the national park here, so the drilling rig was a couple of miles from National Trust land. McBride, in the course of the next couple of hours, found three views that he could do justice to with his watercolours. One of the views was back towards the pub and the village from the top of the hill. He determined that he would paint that scene early in the morning when the sun was just in the right place.
By the time he got back to the Wellington Arms, he could hear a babble of voices, the clink of glasses coming from the bar, and he had to push his way through the drill rig protesters, maybe twenty of them. It was only a small bar. A young man was behind the bar, and his size and build proclaimed that he would stand no nonsense from the customers.
McBride’s room was in a wing built in the nineteen nineties behind the pub. The rooms were on the first and second floors, and the restaurant on the ground floor. The pub actually had a four star rating, and two rosettes for the quality of its food. McBride couldn’t disagree with that.

He was up early, as he intended and after breakfast picked up his easel and board from the car and set off the way he had gone the previous evening. As he was topping the rise, he spotted a figure away to the right, deep in the trees. It looked like a woman, dressed in dark jeans, and with a lightweight jacket, dark brown. She had a pair of binoculars up to her eyes, leaning forward against a small tree, looking round the bole. She wasn’t bird-watching; the glasses were trained downwards, at the protesters’ camp.
It was nothing to do with McBride, and anyway he was a fair distance away, so he walked on up the path and reached the first of his painting spots. He wandered about to frame the view. When he had decided, he erected his easel, which opened out into a box on a tripod. The box contained his brushes, paints, and a container of water. He accessed it from a drawer, which he pulled out in front of the stays supporting his drawing board. For the next two hours, he worked steadily and with concentration. He lifted the board off the easel, set it against a nearby tree, then sat down on the grass, and studied the painting. It was finished, he decided. The art of painting was, he had been taught long ago, knowing when to stop. Over-painting was a professional hazard, which he decided he had avoided.
He packed up his easel and decided to go straight on to the next scene, not going back to the pub for lunch. He had a bar of dark chocolate in his pocket, which would keep his hunger at bay. He would continue painting this afternoon. Tomorrow might bring rain.
He was back at the Wellington Arms at half past four, finished for the day. He left his art gear in the boot of his car, and went into the public bar.
The girl he had seen in the woods was standing at the counter, a glass of white wine in her hand and a hotel key lying beside her purse on the bar top. McBride went up to the bar as the manager bustled in, summoned by the bell on the door.
“Hello, Mr McBride, you want your room key? The weather has been fine for you.” He put the key on the counter.
“I’ll have a half of lager as well, please”
The manager pulled the half pint, got a new beermat from under the bar, laid it on the counter, the glass on the mat. “I’ll put it on the account, Sir.” With that he was off.
McBride took a long pull at his drink, and turned to the girl. “I saw you bird-watching this morning when I was walking up the path on the hill. I didn’t call out in case it frightened the bird.”
She smiled slightly, and studied his face, as if weighing up what to say. He looked back at her with patience, the glass in his hand.
“You knew I wasn’t bird-watching, didn’t you?”
McBride smiled and nodded.
“Who are you? How do I know you aren’t one of them?”
“Whoever they are. I’m John McBride, a watercolour painter, of whom you may, or may not have heard. You can ask mine host, he will vouch for me.”
“I suppose you aren’t one of them. You look too good for that.”
McBride sipped at his beer. “Kind of you to say so. I did notice that you had your glasses trained on the protesters’ camp.”
“I will ask the manager to vouch for you. If you are who you say you are, I’ll come into the lounge bar after dinner, and then we can talk. If I’m not there you will know I can’t trust you.”
McBride grinned at her again. “And ditto, if I’m not there. What time?”
“About half past nine.” She picked up her purse and room key off the counter, and without a backward glance, she went through the door to the bedrooms.

McBride had finished dinner at shortly after eight thirty. He had been hungry, missing lunch, and had eaten early as a result. He told the waiter he would take coffee and a brandy in the lounge bar and perhaps he would arrange for it to be brought to him.
There were only two couples in the room when he entered, and he chose a table in the corner where the girl and he would not be overheard. If she turned up, that was. He could hear the protesters through in the public bar, shouting and laughing. He went to the door and closed it. He had finished his coffee, and was halfway through the brandy when she arrived. She sat down across the table from him.
“I passed,” he said.
“Yes, of course. I’m paranoid, I suppose. But I’m so worried.”
“I’ll buy you a drink, what will you have?”
“What are you drinking?”
“It’s a brandy, do you want one?”
“Yes please.” And McBride raised his hand at a passing waiter. “I thought this table is secluded enough for a confidential discussion. But we had better wait until the waiter has brought your drink. How long are you staying here, at the pub?”
“I’m going home tomorrow. I have to go, my holiday is over. I go to work again on Monday.”
Chapter Two
The waiter brought the girl’s brandy and McBride scribbled his signature on the chit.
“Now tell me the what is troubling you.”
McBride settled back and studied her. She was really a beautiful woman. About thirty years old he thought, fair hair, cut long and slightly waved, framing her face. Slim. Looking troubled, though. As though something inside was eating her up.
“Well my name is Jenny. I have a brother, Ben Stockton. He works as a freelance journalist. Digs out feature stories, sometimes gets commissions, but usually writes the story and hawks it round. He writes for four newspapers mostly, so he knows his markets. I think he does quite well.
“He was actually on a commission about unemployment, and do the foreigners get most of the jobs, that kind of thing. He interviewed young people, and job-centre managers. You can imagine the routine. He told me that the last time I saw him. But he also told me that he was working on something else.”
“What was it?”
“He thought that some large organization was running the fracking protests.”
“Of course, one of them is the Green Party.”
“They don’t have a lot of money. Ben had visited a job-centre to talk to the manager, and then some of the applicants. Just as he was coming out there was a guy standing on the pavement stopping applicants and talking to them. Ben was interested to know what was going on, so he hung around. He found out this guy was offering big bucks for young men to go and protest at the local test drill site.”
McBride pondered. “That fits, I always wondered how they got youths who looked like long-term unemployed. People who you think would prefer to be couch potatoes watching daytime television, rather than living in a tent in the countryside in the cold and rain.”
“That’s what Ben thought. I never saw him again. He said he was going to follow the fracking story up. He was quite excited. I thought nothing of it until he hadn’t been in touch for a fortnight, maybe more. I tried to get him on his mobile, since I couldn’t get him at his flat. The mobile is dead. Wrong number, please try again, is all you get. I went over to his flat, worried that he might be ill. I’ve got a spare key he gave me. There was no-one there. You know the stillness, and the smell of dust, when you go in a home that has been empty for a while? It was all tidy, no pots on the draining board, bed made, no clothes left out. He’d left the house intentially, meant to be away for a while. But surely he didn’t mean to be out of touch with me. Both our parents are dead, each other is all we’ve got.” McBride saw the tears forming, her eyes brimming, glistening.
“Why did you think he would be here, Jenny?”
“This is the nearest fracking site. There’s nowhere else for me to try.”
“And have you spotted him? Why don’t you walk to the camp and ask if he’s there?”
“I’ve tried that. The Green Party people are nice, and try to help, and then some burly guys come along, and the Greens just clam up. They’re frightened, I’m sure.”
“Why not go to the police? You can say he’s a missing person.”
Jenny drained her glass, put it down on the table, clumsily, the glass rolled over. She caught it as it fell, tried again. “I did that, too. They took the details of him down, and I signed a statement as well. But if you report an adult as a missing person they think he probably cleared off on purpose. It’s not until they’ve got an unidentified body that they look at the missing persons’ file.” The tears escaped her eyes. She pulled out a handkerchief from her sleeve, dabbed ineffectually. McBride pulled out a clean handkerchief from his top pocket and offered it to her.
She mopped her face, and smiled at him through her tears. “I’m sorry, it’s just getting to me.”
McBride stared into the distance for a while. Jenny fussed about repairing her make-up.
He said “I might be tempted to nose about down there, offer to join them. Painting is a quiet life, and I do like excitement occasionally. Give me your contact details, and your brother’s details as well, before you leave tomorrow.  I can’t promise to solve the case, but I will report back to you.”
“Are you sure you want to do this? It could be dangerous, must be for something to have happened to Ben.”
“I might be an artist, but I still look after myself, and I used to be in the SAS Regiment. That was good training. Come on, have another drink.”

Next morning at breakfast Jenny walked up to McBride and put two sheets of writing paper, folded once, down on the table. “That’s the information you wanted. I’m leaving now, but there’s my phone number among the information. Take care. Don’t be stupid, taking risks.”
He smiled up at her. “Don’t you lecture me, young lady.”
She smiled back. “Goodbye.” She walked out of the restaurant, suitcase in her hand.
Whilst he finished his toast he looked at the notes. Comprehensive. Addresses, not just hers, but her brother’s too. Dates, as well, she had written down.
He decided he would have today finishing another couple of paintings, and tomorrow he would visit the protest site. He had to keep his agent off his back. The only way to do that was to give him paintings to sell.

On Tuesday morning McBride checked out of the Wellington. He asked if he could leave the car for a week or so, and offered to pay rent for the space. The manager said five pounds a week and McBride thought that was very generous of him and agreed. He said he was meeting a friend, and they didn’t want the hassle of two cars. Next he took his case to the car, and stowed it in the boot. He pulled out an old rucksack, and transferred some clean underwear and a small sketchbook 6 inches by 4 inches. He included a few casual shirts. He put the rucksack over his shoulder, then remembered to add a heavy sweater, and a waterproof anorak.
He locked the car, and strode off down the road. As he approached the fracking site, he saw a heavy truck parked on the roadside. Two police cars were behind it, blue lights flashing, engines running, he could see the exhaust smoke. It was noisy with shouts and boos coming from a rabble of people around the site entrance. Placards waved, and police were attempting to move the crowd to allow the truck access to the site. Now was not the time for McBride to introduce himself so he stayed well away, and sat on a milestone a hundred yards from the fracas.
It appeared that there were six policemen at the site, and eventually they drew truncheons. Two men were arrested and brought back to the police cars.
At this stage the one police car with four men inside forced their way through the crowd and on to the field. The truck followed, inches away from the police car’s bumper and picked up speed along the track. The police car did a U-turn in the field, and joined the other car to speed away with the two prisoners. The protesters remained agitated and milled around in the mud near the gate for a few minutes before drifting  in ones and twos to the  tents near the hedge. A man stood in the caravan doorway watching them.
Most of the protesters were sitting round a campfire when McBride walked across the field towards them. When they spotted him, a grey bearded thin man stood up, and then started to walk to meet him.
“Can I help you, Sir?” he said. He was wearing a large badge on his lapel with Green Party written across it. His beard was thin and wispy, rather like his hair, with bald patches showing through. His corduroys were splattered with mud. Perhaps some of the marks were from his dinner.
McBride smiled at him. “I hope so. I’m on a walking holiday. I was coming down the road just as the police started attacking you. I thought that was a bad show.” Letting some indignation appear. McBride thought he might well have got work as an actor.
“We’re only trying to protect our planet,” said the bearded man. He had a very educated voice. Public school. “Fracking will pollute our water supply, and result in climate change. It’s happening already.”
McBride had his own opinions on that, but he was not about to air them now. “I have a lot of my holiday left; I would love to join you in your fight, if you would have me?”
“Personally, I would say welcome, but it is not up to me to decide. I have to consult with the coordinator. Come and meet him.”
He turned to walk back to the campsite. McBride walked alongside. “It is a good job it’s summer. Bit chilly here in winter, I would have thought.”
“We protest all year round, we can’t let the planet be destroyed.”
It was his mantra; he can’t let it go, otherwise he would just ask himself why he was here.
McBride could see a large man rising from his seat, standing now, and watching them. He wore a beard, too, but black, the kind that McBride called a pirate beard, but trimmed neatly. He was tall and muscular but not fat. Maybe late forties.
‘This young man has offered to join our fight,” said the Green Party man.
McBride, who stood over six feet, had to look up at the black bearded face.
The big man said “What’s your name?”
“John McManus.” McBride knew, as he had whilst crossing the field that he had blown it. It wasn’t going to work.
“We don’t need people we don’t know. I’m sorry.” And he turned away to sit down in his chair. Interview over.
McBride started back to the entrance gate. When there, he turned and looked at them  The big guy was giving the Green Party man a dressing down, shaking his finger in the old man’s face.

McBride went into the Wellington Inn, and the manager came through behind the bar. “My word, Mr McBride I didn’t expect to see you so soon. Have you forgotten something?”
“No, I’ve just heard from my friend. Something’s cropped up, and he isn’t coming, so I just wanted to tell you, so you won’t be wondering where my car went.”

McBride drove home, mulling the problem over in his head. He had been stupid to think that the fracking people would accept him just like that especially if they were an organization trying to destabilize the government or their dreams of self sufficiency. They would be extra cautious about strangers, reckoning that they might be welcoming a spy, which they would have been.
By the time he was entering the front door of his house, he had planned a strategy that might work. Well, it was worth a try. He unpacked his case and went out to the pub round the corner for a late lunch.

Early the next morning McBride was in his bathroom, not for a shave. He hadn’t had the razor out for a couple of days, and was sporting a trendy stubble. He set to work with a pair of scissors, cutting his hair as short as he could, and then with his electric shaver removing the remainder of his hair. He now had a modern bald head, though it was obscenely white so he nipped down the road for a tube of fake suntan. It worked a treat.
He dressed in shabbier clothes than before, old jeans, a ragged t-shirt, and an old denim jacket he had been meaning to throw away. He went down to the car, pulled out the still-packed rucksack, together with his warm anorak. He put his mobile phone in his pocket. He didn’t take his wallet, but he pushed a hundred pounds in notes into his jeans. His credit card he put in his sock so that it lay under his sole. He memorised the information Jenny had given him, and burnt the notes.

McBride caught a train for the two-hour ride to the town. The job-centre was quite busy. He had the right one, he visuallised Jenny the other night, telling him the story in great detail. But maybe the fracking man didn’t need any more recruits. McBride remembered the two people the police had taken away. Perhaps they did need more troops. The interview desks in the centre were all occupied, so McBride studied the advertisements for jobs on the freestanding panels in the middle of the floor. None were advertising for protesters.  He hung around for half an hour. By then some of the clerks were eying him up, and wondering why he didn’t come to an interview desk. Instead, he walked slowly out of the door, as though he had no job.  And all the time in the world.
His heart lurched as he came out on to the wide pavement. The man with the black beard was standing watching him. Surely he couldn’t have recognized him. He was hardly going to try any heavy stuff here, in the middle of a market town. Not with all the pedestrians scurrying past, and the road busy with slow-moving vehicles.
The man approached him. “Did you get a job in there?”
“No.” That was true.
“Do you want a job, cash payment, no tax, two hundred quid a week?”
McBride nodded, as though he was slightly simple.
“You know the fracking site in Malvern Road, near the Wellington Inn?”
“Yes,”
“Well, all you have to do is turn up there and look for an old guy with a beard and a Green Party badge. Tell him The Big Man sent you. You’ll need a tent and an oil lamp, you can get them at the Millets shop see, over there,” he said, pointing across the road. He reached into his pocket, pulled out some money, gave him a few twenties.
“I’ll see you there tomorrow. If you don’t turn up, I’ll send somebody to kill you.” He wasn’t smiling when he said that.
McBride bought a cheap two-person tent, the sort that incorporated a groundsheet, and had a spring wire frame, so that you could fold it small to put in a rucksack. When you took it out, it sprang into shape, and there it was ready to crawl into. To stop it blowing away while you weren’t in it, there were four metal tent pegs, to put into small sewn tape loops and knocked into the ground. You could use a piece of rock or your boot as a hammer. The shop assistant told McBride so. The wonders of high technology. Just like the army, only their tents had been bigger. He bought an oil lamp, a small one. He folded the tent and put it in the rucksack. When he came to pay, he found that the Big Man had given him a hundred pounds.
Attached to an outside strap of his rucksack.the oil-lamp rattled about as he tramped along the road. It was about four miles before McBride recognized the area where the drilling rig was located.
He marched straight into the field and across to the camp. People looked up to watch him approach. They looked as if they were cooking, which suited McBride. He was peckish, not having eaten since breakfast. He picked out the grey bearded Green Party guy. He must remember to treat him like a stranger. As before, the man rose and came out to meet him.
“The Big Man sent me, I had to tell you,” said McBride, deadpan.
“Good I’ll take you over to meet the others. Have you bought a tent?”
McBride nodded. The old man led him to the group round the fire. A pleasant aroma was coming from the pan sitting over the flames.
“This is Donny here. He’ll show you where to pitch your tent. Sorry, what is your name?”
“John,” said McBride, who thought that he ought to use his correct first name, didn’t want to ignore anybody who shouted for him.
“Come on, I’ll show you where to pitch up,” said Donny, in his thick Yorkshire accent. He was a gangling spotty faced youth. He walked down the line, and indicated a space at the end.
“We was going to start a second line of tents, but here will be better for you, shielded by the hedge. The wind always comes from over there.” He pointed over to the hedge. McBride put his rucksack on the ground, reached into it and pulled out his tent. It sprang out of its own accord, causing Donny to hurriedly step back.
“Bugger me, it’s got a life of its own,” he muttered.
McBride pulled the metal pegs out of his bag.
“Here, I’ll get a stone to bang ’em.” And he was off, searching the hedgerow.
The lad insisted in knocking in the pegs, whilst McBride threw the rucksack inside the tent, took off his heavy anorak and threw that through the opening as well.
“Come and eat,” said Donny. McBride sat down on the grass with the others. Some had canvas chairs, mostly the older people who had badges declaring them members of the Green Party. One elderly lady wore a Friends of the Earth badge. Donny grabbed a couple of aluminum mess tins, and ladled some of the stew into them. It was just like old times for McBride. While they were eating, Donny introduced some of the others.
“This is Fred,” pointing at the old man with a beard, “and this is Tony,” pointing at another youth, but bigger than Donny. At each of them, McBride smiled and said “I’m John.”
Whilst the meal was in progress, a truck rumbled along the road, and two guards who were on the gates, shouted loudly for reinforcements. Within seconds people were running for the gates, placards on poles in their hands. The truck, loaded with pipes, which were probably drill casings, was being prevented from turning into the gates only by the two guards. Shortly there were maybe twenty or thirty protesters in the truck’s path. The shouting was deafening McBride. This was an impasse. The truck was stuck and the line of protesters just stood looking at the huge bonnet of the truck, its diesel engine idling. And so it remained for half an hour, until police sirens could be heard in the distance, and growing louder by the minute as two police cars tore down the road and screeched to a halt. Police clad in black overalls and wearing helmets, piled out and charged at the line, swinging truncheons. There was some wrestling from the younger men, but the Green Party members backed down. The police arrested two of the men at random, and led them away to the police vehicles. The lorry revved up and started to move through the gate. It was obviously not going to stop, so the remnants of the crowd backed off to avoid injury. Accompanied with yells and catcalls, the truck moved across the field.

The next morning, extra reinforcements arrived, this time four exceptionally burly men, accompanied by The Big Man. He entered the caravan, and called over the grey beard Green Party man Fred to join him. There was another ‘coordinator’ Michael, who appeared to live in the caravan, and ran things when The Big Man wasn’t there.
After about half an hour, they all came back out of the caravan, and The Big Man shouted for everyone to gather round. He told the people that they had let two trucks through yesterday, and that just was not good enough. The whole reason they were on the site was to ensure no work was carried out. They must stand up to the police. “Try lying down in the road, then they can’t drive through,” he advised. He was getting quite worked up about it, spittle showing on his beard as white dots glinting in the light. He told them that he was recruiting extra people as fast as he could. If they had any friends that they wanted to invite, now was the time to do it.
The Big Man had arrived in a very old Land Rover, and eventually he got in and drove away in a cloud of diesel smoke. He left the four recruits.
Chapter Three
The next day McBride rose early and eased out of his tent. He had slept in his t-shirt and denims. He had used the rucksack and anorak as a bed; he had slept in worse places. His stubble itched, though. He looked forward to a shave.
Donny was up next and he showed McBride an old cattle trough that had a freshwater tap attached, and he could get washed there. No chance of a bath or shower, though. After breakfast, Michael came out of his caravan and sat by the fire with the others. He pulled a pack of cards from his pocket, and suggested a poker school.
“What rules?” asked McBride.
“Draw poker,” said Michael. He had a slight accent, although word perfect in his English. He has lived here a long time, thought McBride, but he comes from a Slav country.
“Okay,” said McBride, “Count me in.” They sat round a low table, six of them. The ante was a pound each. When the betting got under way, McBride was astonished how much was hitting the table. Donny, the pimply youth seemed to need to spend his money to prove himself to the others. He bet wildly, with no attention to the cards that had gone before. McBride won the first hand, and pulled in just short of a hundred pounds. Obviously the boys were well paid. Mind you, apart from visits to the pub, there was nothing to spend the cash on that was being paid out by the Big Man.
McBride won the next two games, and decided his popularity was waning. He deliberately lost the next two games, and dropped out to let somebody else in.
When they all set off the pub that night, he claimed tiredness and crawled in to his tent. He lit the oil lamp and pulled out his sketchpad. He had been studying the faces he now wanted to put down on paper: The Big Man and Michael too. When he had finished soft pencil sketches of those two, he added the four that The Big Man had brought that morning. Then he turned out the lamp.
He was awoken when the pub crowd came back to their tents, turned over on his hard makeshift bed and quickly fell asleep again.
The next morning The Big Man came with yet more protesters, and spent some time in the caravan with Michael. Whilst this was happening, McBride asked Donny what happened if you needed to go out of the camp.
“Why?” said Donny, puzzled.
“An uncle of mine has died, and I want to go to the funeral. It’s in Manchester. I could be there and back in a day. I need to go tomorrow.”
“You’d have to ask Michael. It’s him what pays you. Do you want to go? I’ve never been to a funeral. What’s it like?”
“It’s just a church service, with the body of the dead person in a casket in front of the mourners. It’s a mark of respect. Later, the body is cremated, or else buried.”
“Sounds a bit weird.”
“Not really. Everyone dies, eventually. “
McBride asked Michael when he joined them later. Michael also found it strange that McBride wanted to leave camp, and was reluctant, but said he could go. McBride said he needed to leave at about six thirty in the morning, and would be back by nightfall. He went off further along the field, where he wouldn’t be overheard, and used his mobile phone. It was a number he thought he might just need, so he had committed it to memory. The numbered gave three rings and was picked up.
“Morton.”
“Hello Michael, it’s John McBride. Did they retain your services after the cruise last year?”
“Yes. I got a bit of flack, but they decided it wasn’t my fault, and we did catch all the culprits. Except that girl, remember?”
A year ago, both men had been on a cruise ship in the Med that was hijacked.* Morton worked for MI5. McBride said, “I might have another problem here. I’m looking for a guy who is missing. He joined a fracking protest. He was a freelance journalist. Why am I using the past tense? He isn’t dead, as far as I know. Anyway, I joined the protest myself, and I made a few sketches of some of the protesters. They might be of interest to you. As a cover, I got permission to attend a family funeral tomorrow. I could meet you, or one of your guys and hand over the sketches. Interested?”
“I bet you knew I’d be back working in Manchester. Seems to be just my luck. Why do you need permission to come?”
“The protesters are paying me. It’s a long story. I’m coming by rail. Into Piccadilly Station. Where can we meet?”
“You know the Portland Thistle hotel off Piccadilly? I could be in the foyer.”
“I could be there by eleven in the morning. Is that okay?”
“Sure, and I’ll buy you lunch.”
McBride wandered over to Donny again. “Hey, did a guy called Ben ever join you here?”
“Ben. Oh yes, I remember. Yeah, he was here for a week or two, then he just sort of cleared off. Not exciting enough for him, maybe.” Donny continued with his task, sewing a button on a shirt, his tongue protruding between his lips. He never even looked up at McBride.

Next morning McBride walked the four miles back to town, and caught the train
to Manchester, with one change at Huddersfield. He was into Piccadilly Station at ten thirty. It was about half a mile at the most to the hotel, so McBride was ambling along, taking his time. That was how he noticed he was being followed. Admiring the buildings, after all he was an artist; he admired architecture and dating it. Most of central Manchester was Victorian. From time to time he turned suddenly to see a view worth painting, and three times he noticed the same man. Seemed to be following him, keeping perhaps a hundred yards behind him. Mind, he could be wrong, the flow of pedestrian traffic was mostly going his way. To find out for sure, McBride turned down the next street on the left, a narrow canyon between high buildings, and at the next right, turned, and stepped into a doorway.
Two minutes later, the man paused at the corner, looking his way and then left, and not seeing McBride, stepped gingerly forward across the intersection. Definitely following him. McBride set off again, pulling his mobile out, and dialing Morton.
“Morning Michael. I’ve got a tail. I’ll still come to the Portland, go up in the lift, and down the stairs and out the back way. It might work to shake him off. Then I’ll go back to the station. There’s an Italian restaurant up on the mezzanine. You know it? I’ll be in there. When I come through the hotel, see if you recognize my follower, okay?”
“Understood, see you later.”
Now McBride acted as though he thought he had shaken the tail. Using reflections in shop windows, he checked from time to time, and yes, the man was still keeping pace. Eventually, McBride turned into the foyer of the hotel. It was busy, and he saw that Morton was on a sofa by himself. He didn’t look directly at Morton though. He walked to reception. The booking clerk smiled and waited for McBride to speak. “You have a rate card?”
“Sure, here you are. There are some special deals not marked down there.” He proceeded to tell McBride about them. McBride pulled out a pen, and wrote on the card. He thanked the clerk and walked away towards the lifts at the rear of the lobby. To any onlooker, it might look as though McBride had just checked in. He hoped so. At the lift, the first car to come down to the ground floor disgorged one or two people, and McBride entered with four others. He let everyone select their floors, and then pressed a button in between. Floor three.
He guessed that after he left, the lift would indicate two more floors above, and it had already stopped once. In the corridor he moved rapidly until he found the staircase. It was a set of emergency stairs, with concrete steps. When he arrived at the ground floor, the staircase did not finish in the lobby. Signs to the lobby were on the facing wall at the bottom, and the opposite direction indicated emergency exit and car park. He followed the latter, and as he had expected, came out at the rear of the hotel.
As fast as he could reasonably walk he made his way back to the station. He was cautious, but he saw nobody following. Once in the upstairs restaurant he chose a table facing the door, but in the far corner. He told the waiter he was waiting for a friend, who would be joining him shortly.
Almost as he spoke he saw Morton enter and walk across to join him. McBride stood up and shook hands.
Morton said, “You lead an exciting life, better than mine.”
“You’re MI5, not me. Did you recognize my tail?”
Morton sat down. “No, probably just a guy who was hired in, sent a photo of you I would guess, and details of where and when you were coming. Must have been low-grade labour, because you spotted him.”
“Thank you, Sir. I’ve had a go at tailing people, in the service and I can tell you it is not easy, unless you change personnel frequently.”
Morton grinned. “Maybe you didn’t warrant the expense. Still it proves you have upset somebody. So, what are you going to tell me?”
McBride reached down in the rucksack that he had put on the floor, and brought out his small sketchbook, turning the pages, until he had located the relevant ones. “Here you are, six faces. I’m singing for my supper. Remember you promised to buy lunch, and here would be nice. Italian fare.”
Morton examined the first two faces with care, spending several minutes examining them. The remaining four he gave hardly a couple of minutes over.
“Well?” said McBride. “The suspense is killing me.”
Morton leaned back in his chair. “The guy with the beard we know. He is a sleeper, a Russian planted here maybe twenty years ago. He lives in the north. Recently he has been activated. He’s a very busy man, important to the SVR. This guy here, the next one, he is also a sleeper who has been activated. I would think he is just a dogsbody at present. The others, I don’t know. But I would like to keep your book for a while, I could ask around at the office.”
“The Russians are running the fracking protests?” McBride was surprised.
“Almost certainly, here and in Europe generally. They have managed to spread much concern about the effect on climate change and poisoning the water supply. So much so, that fracking is now banned in France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands. The Russians came within an ace of convincing the European Commission to ban it throughout the Union. The UK government is aware of what Putin is attempting, and so they are persevering in the use of shale gas. The irony is that Russia is supplying a third of the gas consumed in Europe, and the majority is shale gas! You can see why they are going to great lengths to preserve the market for themselves. They sell it at four times the price they dig it up. If we are successful in the UK, and no harm befalls us, the rest of Europe might follow our lead.”
“Wow. I did suspect something was happening, but you mean it’s a big fight between UK and Russia, effectively.”
“You bet. MI5 has a whole section devoted to the subject. You say someone went missing? We have a file on lots of people vanishing from protests. If people don’t toe the line, or get to know too much, we reckon they are shipped out to Russia if they aren’t killed and disposed of in this country.  Killing people and getting away with it is very difficult in England. Too many people, don’t you see? There’s always somebody watching.” He reflected, his mind obviously working. “Could be burying them in the Embassies, I suppose. In the basements or back gardens. Either way they may never be seen again.”
“If I get carted off, believe me I will come back.”
“I hope so. It won’t make any difference to the outcome. If the government can respond to the protests, breaking them up, using whatever force necessary, we will win. The trouble at the moment is that our propaganda isn’t as good as the Russians.” Morton looked at his watch. “How about ordering that lunch I promised you.”
Whilst they ordered lunch, McBride thought about what Morton had told him. It was possible that he might end up on a long journey, unless he cut and ran now. Even then he may not be safe. Russia was almost definitely where Ben the journalist was now, unless they had killed him. If McBride went up the line, would he be able to escape, and would he be able to rescue Ben?
The waiter arrived with the food, and McBride changed the subject. “So what are you doing back in Manchester?”
“Since all the White Christian League leaders were either killed or imprisoned during the hijack, the organization has just about died. So, due to our doing such a good job, I was transferred back here. Watching the terrorists locally. But I do get involved with the local fracking protests. That is quite interesting. Seeing how the SVR are operating.”
“You know how I got on to the protest? The first time I tried to join, I just walked up and asked them. The guy I approached was a Green Party member. But he couldn’t make a decision; he had to refer me to who I now know was a sleeper, who said he didn’t want anyone he didn’t know. I did what Ben did, and hung around the dole office waiting to be recruited.”
Morton nodded: “That is to make sure spies aren’t infiltrating. Except in your case of course, and Ben’s. However it looks as though they’ve sussed you.
“They obviously have, or they wouldn’t have you followed. If you want some advice, don’t go back to the camp.”
“But you know I won’t take your advice.”
“Exactly.”
Chapter Four
McBride arrived back in town at four o’clock. He set out walking to the drilling site, taking a slightly different route this time, for variety. He came to the turn to The Wellington Inn. A big red metal sign in the middle of the road read ‘DIVERSION’ with an arrow. Down towards the pub, he could see a line of traffic: all heavy trucks, engines running but going nowhere. Police were wandering about on the road, in yellow vests, occasionally in small groups, talking to each other. He could hear a loud hailer in the distance. McBride looked at the trucks. They were carrying heavy equipment. The one nearest to him looked to have a couple of diesel generators on its low load platform.
McBride walked alongside the trucks until he reached a policeman.
“Am I allowed to come along here as a pedestrian?”
The policeman turned to him. “Not really, Sir. It’s for your own protection. There is a Police Support Unit up in front of this convoy of trucks. They are going to ensure they get on site. There are protesters that will try to stop them. I wouldn’t want you to get involved accidently.”
“The fracking site, is it?”
“Yes, Sir.” His radio crackled and he spoke into it. “Yes, message received.”
Ignoring McBride, he ran up to the truck at the end of the line, conveyed some message to the driver. In response, the truck revved up and inched forward. McBride saw that the whole convoy was on the move. The policeman walked along, keeping up with the last truck, so McBride tagged along behind.
He estimated that they were no further than 450 yards from the camp. He could hear shouts, and the rapid banging noise above the voices; police beating their batons on their shields. Must be serious, the force would be wearing NATO helmets with dark visors, shin guards over black uniforms. It would certainly frighten the Greens, but probably not the Russians. Although the Russians would almost certainly avoid arrest, they must be standing there, fuming at their inability to control matters.
The convoy moved slowly on until McBride could see the entrance to the site. He could see why the road had been closed, a mass of police vans and other vehicles making the road impassable. McBride spotted a couple of ambulances in the melee. All the police vehicles had their blue lights flashing, lighting the twilight. Some of the vans had roof-mounted searchlights that illuminated the gateway. A droning noise behind him had McBride looking upwards. A news helicopter, the cameraman in the open door, but securely strapped to the machine. It was hovering, continuously filming. It was good television, for sure.
The police linked up in one large line, in effect pivoting like a windscreen wiper, the gate the fulcrum, shields in front of them batons waving, pushing the protesters back towards the tents. These men ignored the protesters that were lying on the track, who were being hauled away by the regular police, two or three in a gang, physically lifting each protester, and pushing them unceremoniously into police vans; anyone who attempted to fight back was given a tough time by the policemen. McBride noticed that the two Russians that he knew had pushed themselves into the background, behind the tents. The last thing they wanted was to get arrested. The Green Party members were the patsies for that.
All the time the convoy was inching forward, the lead truck’s huge bumpers hovering inches away from the protesters that were slow to move, or be moved. The police in yellow worked feverishly, removing bodies, so that the convoy was kept moving. The police were certainly winning. Even as far back as McBride was, he had to jog now to keep up with the final vehicle. The helicopter flew even lower, and he could see the cameraman zooming in on occasion, to film the best bits. Protest banners on poles were lying crushed and trampled into the mud near the gate. McBride looked towards the drilling site across the field, and the track was one long convoy, the rig site gates open to welcome the reinforcements.
By the time McBride together with the last truck turned into the campsite, the fight was over. Police vans full of protesters were driving back to the station. Police cars full of policemen were departing. Some would stay back, McBride was sure, until the last truck was safely on the rig site, and the gates locked. This was one nil to the British government.
Once through the gate, McBride tramped across the battle scarred field towards the camp. Donny stood forlorn with only one other member, a late arrival, only present for the last couple of days.
“Hello, Donny.”
“Hi John. We was beat. Didn’t have a chance. They took the old man away, lifted him into a van. I hope they don’t beat him up.”
McBride was confused. “The Big Man, you mean? Surely not.”
“No the Green Party man, Fred. You know, with the white beard.”
“I don’t think the police will beat him up. In fact, I’m sure they won’t. Where is The Big Man, and Michael?”
“In the caravan.”
“Well, come on quick down the pub. I’ll buy you a pint. If they see me, they might not let me go away again,” said McBride. They will be loading me up for the long voyage, thinking I engineered the events today.
Donny cheered up at the mention of beer, and they walked along to the gate. McBride looked back, but there was still no sight of the Russians.
The Wellington Inn was lit like a beacon now the daylight had gone. They walked into the public bar. There were already one or two protesters swigging pints. McBride wondered if they had got there before the police attack, safely out of trouble. The muscular man was again behind the bar, and Donny greeted him like an old friend. McBride just greeted him with a nod, and ordered the drinks.
The television on the wall by the bar was tuned to Sky News, and the tapes from the helicopter were being screened under ‘breaking news’. Not only breaking, but unedited. The sound track included some asides from the cameraman, including ‘get the fuck closer,’ which would get somebody into trouble, and not be repeated in the next bulletin. Everybody in the bar was watching.
“Look, that’s me,” said Donny excitedly. “I hope my mam’s got the telly on.” The screen changed, and two men in the studio were discussing the merits of shale gas extraction, presumably whilst the tape soundtracks were being edited. McBride had looked closely at the helicopter shots, seeing if he could spot The Big Man and Michael, but they were too far from the action. They would be very short of recruits, although the publicity might attract a few who liked a fight. But overall, the Russians would have to step up their efforts. It was unlikely that those who were in police custody would return. Not because they were in prison, because they wouldn’t be. Most would be released without charge, one or two bailed to appear at the Magistrates’ Court; but all of them would have been told by the police not to return to the site, or next time they would face serious charges.
Donny downed several pints, and McBride ate a couple of sandwiches for his supper. Then he went into a corner of the bar, took out his mobile phone and keyed a number in. The phone was answered on the second ring. “Jenny, it’s John McBride here. I’m just phoning to say I haven’t forgotten about your brother Ben. I assume you haven’t heard from him?”
“No. Are you still looking for him?”
“I think I know where he is – in Russia. This may be the last time I get to speak to you. Until I get back. Just to say don’t give up hope. These things take time.”
“Oh my God. You are doing this for me?”
“Yes, since you ask, but also for myself. I can’t stand anyone getting away with things like this. So I won’t be able to get in touch for some time, but don’t think I’m doing nothing. Keep your chin up and goodbye, I must go.”
He keyed the phone off, and went to find Donny. At ten o’clock they were on the way back to camp.
The Big Man was on the way home, walking across the field towards his old Landrover When he saw McBride coming towards him, he halted and waited for the pair to come within earshot.
“I’ve been looking for you.” He was speaking to McBride. He tried to grab him by the shoulder. McBride swivelled round, and avoided contact.
“You might be a big man, but don’t try to get it on with me,” said McBride.
The Big Man looked at Donny. “On your way to your bed, son.” When the youngster was out of earshot, The Big Man said, “Be very careful what you say to me.” Magically he had a pistol in his hand, small snub-nosed and pointed at McBride’s heart. “Come to the caravan.”
And they walked over, slightly apart, The Big Man just far enough away that McBride wouldn’t be able to snatch the gun. When they got close, The Big Man shouted out in a loud voice. “Open the door Mihal.”
Michael stuck his head out of the van, and stepped back inside to let McBride through the door. The Big Man followed very closely behind, and now he had the gun pushing against McBride’s kidney. When they were inside, Michael gestured for him to sit down. The two Russians sat across from him on a sofa. Then Michael got up and went to the back of the van, spoke on his mobile phone, in Russian. McBride couldn’t speak the language. He’d had a chance to learn, in the army. But it was after glasnost so it didn’t seem worthwhile at the time. Suddenly, it did.
The Big Man said: “You didn’t go to a funeral. We had you followed. You went to a hotel, tried to fool our man, went out of the back door, then to Piccadilly station, where you met an MI5 man. A very minor person in the organization, but still…”
Michael had put his phone away, said, “You gave him some documents. What were they?”
McBride smiled. “So you did have more than one person on to me? I’m flattered. Yes, I did go to meet someone. I gave them sketches of you and some others who were on site. Thought they might be interested. But they already have you tagged, so it didn’t help a lot. Did get a lunch out of it. And it got me away from here.”
“So why did you come back?” said The Big Man
“It is so exciting here.”
The Big Man reached across and hit McBride across the face with his pistol.
“Well I have my tent here. And you are paying me.”
The Big Man said, “I was paying you.”
“Then you’ve welshed on the deal.”
Michael nodded a message to The Big Man.
“I’ve not welshed on any deal. Anyway, I’ll give you a lift off site. The van is coming. Now stand up, go that wall,” pointing, “Stand with your legs spread, hands on the wall.” The Big Man expertly searched him, found his phone, threw it onto the couch. Then he searched his rucksack, gave him it back.
McBride said, “ Off site for the long journey.” He put his rucksack on his shoulder.
The Big Man laughed and looked across at Michael. “Yes, you could call it that. Very clever. You know quite a lot, don’t you?”
They sat, not speaking. The Big Man still had the pistol in his hand. After a few minutes McBride heard a vehicle outside. Michael went to the door, peered out, turned back to look at The Big Man.
“It’s here.”
McBride was jostled out of the caravan and across to the Ford Transit van. The driver had opened the back doors. There was a roof light in the interior. McBride could see bench seats running down each side. Pushed by the Big Man, he climbed inside. The doors were slammed behind him, and he heard the sound of a key turning. He examined the inside, once he had found a way to switch the interior light back on. The doors had been modified, and were not the flimsy type fitted as standard. There wasn’t much else to see, so he turned out the light. Once the van was off the site and on to the road, the ride became smoother, so that McBride could wedge himself into one corner of the bench.
Half an hour passed on minor roads, judging by the bends, and the van driver was cautious, probably keeping within the speed limits to avoid being stopped by the police. Suddenly the van was accelerating and the road was straight. McBride sensed that they were on a motorway, or at least a dual carriageway. He ran through a mental map of the area. There was the A1, the M62 and the A19 as possibilities. So they could be going north, south or west. McBride gave up, and settled into a doze.
Later he awoke suddenly. The van came to a stop temporarily, then accelerated and turned at ninety degrees. A roundabout, thought McBride.
They must be off the motorway. After a few minutes, McBride, whose eyes had become sensitive to the dark, could see a gleam of light where the doors did not fit tight. Orange sodium lamps, they must be passing through a town. He heard traffic passing in the opposite direction, and occasionally his own vehicle was rocked, as some heavy trucks overtook. He was working out exactly where they could be. It was a certainty that they would end up in a seaport, and that would be on the east coast, and have a shipping line going to Russia, most likely St Petersburg. If they had been travelling south, say to Immingham on the Humber estuary, then they would have travelled on the A180 as it continued from the M180. And he knew from past experience that the A180 was a concrete road, and caused a lot of tyre noise. The trip had been very smooth, so he could discount Immingham. If they had been travelling north, then they could be in Middlesbrough, en route to the Teesport Container Dock. This seemed quite likely. The length of the journey was right, he supposed. Depended on how long he was asleep.
The van turned right again, and was braking steadily, and came to a stop. McBride heard the driver’s window going down, then a short conversation, and they were moving again, but slowly, with turns here and there, until finally, they came to rest. He could hear the driver getting out of the cab, walking on a metalled surface to the back doors, and then cautiously opening the doors. In one hand he had The Big Man’s pistol. The overhead lights glinted on the metal.
McBride emerged slowly, and stood yawning and stretching. He looked round at the Container Port. In the distance he could see the old transporter bridge at Middlesbrough, illuminated as a historical symbol ought to be. It told McBride he was right. This was Teesport.
The van had stopped in the lee of a container ship. It loomed over them, a huge barge, in effect, with all the superstructure at the stern, and a huge open hold, stacked with containers three or four high. One could not be certain, because the side of the hull shielded the lower containers. Containers predominantly red lead paint but some bright yellow, brown or black.
The van had stopped right by the gang way that zigzagged up the side, and ended in a dark entrance under the superstructure. Two men were descending, and waving at the driver.
Chapter Five
The members of the crew who had descended from the ship to collect McBride were both carrying pistols, but they needn’t have bothered. McBride was not going to make a fuss. After all, he was allowing himself to be transported to Russia. That was the only way he was going to find Ben the journalist. That was how McBride’s mind was working at the moment. He was apprehensive, this was the point of no return. But he wanted, needed the excitement.
So he meekly ascended the steps, one crewman in front of him, and one behind. Just before entering the dark entrance to the ship he looked back and down. The whole dock area was lit in an orange haze. Immediately below he could see the transit van, the driver standing by it, looking up at them, cigarette between his fingers. And then McBride stepped into Russia. The dark corridor led some way, and then they were descending steel stairs, still in single file, still with McBride in the middle. He could still feel the gun pressed against his back. At the bottom of the stairs, the corridor ended with a door on the left. The man in front brought out a key from his pocket, unlocked the door, stood to one side and let McBride into the room.
He was in a cabin, a cabin to contain prisoners. On the right, a steel double bunk, anchored to the floor and wall. Straight ahead, a lavatory pan, in stainless steel, and to the left of it, a stainless washbasin. Above the wash basin, a porthole. A non-opening one, McBride noticed. But still, a bit of luxury, being able to see out. On the opposite wall from the bed, there was a built in floor-standing cupboard. The floor was composition, the walls painted white, with rust showing through in places. At least it was en-suite, and with running water. The bunks had very thin mattresses, and two blankets folded at the end of the beds. No bed linen. If they had told him, he could have brought his own.
The two men stepped outside and McBride heard the sound of the key being turned in the door. It looked as though he might be the sole occupant, and his spirits rose. And they hadn’t taken his rucksack with them, so he had warm clothes and underwear. He could even wash his underwear in the basin, he supposed.
He sat down on the bottom bunk. He was tired. He looked at his watch. Three a.m. He expected they would sail with the tide. Not that it helped, he didn’t know the tide times. But it would be probably about six hours, give or take. Since they were leaving Teesport, he assumed that they would make for St Petersburg. It was a large container port. To go further to Archangel would be inefficient. The main population was nearer to St Petersburg. So they would sail up the North Sea, and into the Baltic. They would sail to the west coast, closely passing Helsinki, and maybe two or three hours more to St Petersburg. They wouldn’t be at sea more than two, three days at most. He walked across to the wash basin, tried the taps, and to his surprise got reasonably hot water. He washed well, and used a towel that hung under the basin. It was grey but he used it, aiming to wash it out the next day. He made the bottom bunk, spreading both blankets, and climbed beneath them. The room was quite warm, although he could see no signs of heating systems, although there was a square vent in the ceiling, guarded by a very stout grid. Perhaps it was rudimentary air conditioning.

McBride awoke suddenly, wondering where he was, and quickly got his bearings. He heard voices, steps along the corridor and above his head. Somewhere below was the sound of the engines. He swung his legs off the bunk, went over to the porthole and peered out. They were slowly moving, passing other moored vessels. He turned when he heard a key in the lock, and a seaman came in with a plate and a mug. He placed them on top of the cupboard and gestured with an eating motion. He turned back out of the door and locked it.
McBride turned from the sink and investigated what he had been given. A mug of dark brown tea, sickly sweet. He shuddered as he took a swig. On the plate, two slices of dark brown, almost black bread, with some sort of meat, probably ham. Better than he had been expecting.
After dining, McBride sat on his bunk for several minutes. He began to itch. He took off his shirt, which he had worn in bed, and found the cause – several red weals in a group, and further round his body, another group of bites. He had been bitten by fleas. The last time had been so long ago that he had difficulty recognizing the evidence. The blankets probably had several fleas in residence, so there was nothing he could do about it.
He decided to wash his clothes, the ones he was wearing, and also some dirty clothes in his rucksack. He took off his socks and realized he still had his credit card parked under his sole. It might still prove useful, so he put it back in one of a fresh pair socks.
He filled the wash basin with the hottest water he could draw from the tap, worked up a lather with the bar of soap. He worked through his handkerchiefs, and his underwear, and hung the wet clothes over the top bunk, wrung out as best he could. He washed a pair of chinos and several shirts. It was still only mid-morning.
He did push-ups on the floor, and after that, sit-ups. After an hour, he decided that was enough exercise, lay on the bed and slept. He woke again at two in the afternoon, feeling hungry but no-one had brought him food. He went across to the porthole, saw that it was sunny,  the sea fairly calm, but there was nothing else to see
At seven in the evening, the same sailor returned with another meal, this time a huge dish of soup with a bread roll, with a mug of tea. He investigated the dish. It was borsche, mainly beetroot, with soured cream, which had been added after cooking. It was good, but he was still hungry afterwards.

The next time McBride woke, it was the change in engine note that disturbed his sleep. It was pitch black through the porthole, then he made out land,the twinkling lights of villages. They were stationary, a good way off the coast. He could see a couple of other vessels. Immediately he realized where this was. Denmark.   They were waiting for slack water before entering the strait.  Beyond that, the Baltic Sea. He knew that the Baltic had virtually no tide, but the North Sea had and the sea flooded back and forth through the strait, keeping an equilibrium. Two hours later, with McBride still awake. From his porthole, he saw ships begin to move to the strait, and in line pass through. Another hour and they were in the Baltic, the moonlight revealing the sea as a gleaming mirror, hardly a ripple breaking the surface. McBride went back to bed. There would be nothing of interest to see until the morning.

The next morning sunlight cast a shadow in the cabin, light streaming through the porthole. McBride was woken by the sound of the sailor opening the door, bringing his breakfast. He sat on the side of his bunk to eat, and looked through the porthole. The ship must be close to the Swedish coast, he could see small islands, a group of them, most too small to support human life. They could not be far from Stockholm, the scenery was fairly familiar. He was up and at the hand basin when he saw a large ferry in the distance. It looked familiar. It was the Stockholm – Helsinki ferry, now making its way to Stockholm, having left Helsinki the previous evening.
McBride knew the ship because about fifteen years ago he had stayed a couple of weeks with a friend who lived in Sweden, close to Stockholm. His friend had suggested that they went to Helsinki for the weekend, and it was a good suggestion. The Swedes loved the journey, partly because it is only about twelve hours, but also the alcohol is duty free. Sweden’s licensing laws until a few years ago gave the state the monopoly of alcohol sales to the public. The state alcohol off-license shops are in the back streets of each town. Alcoholic drinks are also available from hotel bars, but the prices are exorbitant compared to other European countries. Nowadays, low alcohol beer is available from supermarkets.
The other reason for the popularity of the ferry was the dinner dance. The ferry had a large restaurant on board, with an orchestra and a large dance floor. The Swedes love ballroom dancing, and their dinner dances feature also in major hotels in most towns and cities. Young people who cannot afford to dine, can gain admission to the bar and also take part in the dance. The dance is very formal, and the ladies wait to be invited to dance by the gentlemen. It is considered rude to refuse an invitation. This makes the event of significant interest among single gentlemen.
Watching the ferry as it passed quite close to the container ship made McBride quite nostalgic.

It was dusk when the container ship passed Helsinki, and the little capital city was a blaze of light in the darkness. It was only a couple of hours before they would dock in St Petersburg. McBride looked round his prison room. He had a lot of tidying up to do. His clothes were still strung over the top bunk, dry now, and objects from his rucksack stood on the cupboard. He didn’t know where he would be taken, although he expected it would be one of the Gulag camps, many of which lay disused he knew, since the late sixties when reforms were made following Stalin’s death over a decade before. In those days changes took a long time.
For the first time since he had left the fracking site he felt the dark shadow of fear. Then he shrugged and stood up to pack his gear.
Chapter Six
The KGB in Russia is now known as the SVR, translated as the External Intelligence Service. It traces its history back ninety years. Mikhail Fradkov the current Director is an ex-prime minister, and one of the organisation’s most famous graduates is the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin. He served as an agent with the rank of Colonel in East Germany in the 1980s.
The headquarters of the SVR are based just outside Moscow, in pleasant country surroundings – a large modern concrete office block several stories high.
Timur Kuschenka was a middle hierarchy ranking director, whose current task was looking after the United Kingdom desk in relation to oil exploration. He reported direct to Vladimir Putin, the subject was so important, and the outcome even more so. The United Kingdom must not produce oil or gas from its shale reserves. Once it did so successfully, all the other EU countries would see that disaster did not follow, as Russia promised it would. Before Putin could lift a stick, Russia’s income from gas sales would dwindle like snow in summer.
Putin did not put his trust in Kuschenka reporting the truth, so he had other people watching what was happening in the United Kingdom. He was not happy at what he was hearing. Despite the large-scale protests at every drilling site, the British Government were putting huge police resources into making sure supplies to the rigs were getting through. He had thought long and hard about the problem. Now Kuschenka had a solution to the problem. At least he said he had.
Kuschenka received a call at his office. One of Putin’s aides was on the phone, telling him that he must report the next day for an audience with the President. The call terminated, Kuschenka put down the receiver, and noticed that his hand was trembling. He was aware that things were not going very well in the UK. He was producing the protesters, swamping the drilling sites. In the past, protests like this resulted in the UK government backing down. Questions were asked in Parliament, opposition parties called on the Government to stop acting like bullies. This time, on this subject, the Conservative Party were not backing down. And they had no need to, because the next largest party, Labour, backed the drilling for shale gas.
That afternoon he called an emergency meeting of the UK Oil Committee. Apart from Kuschenka who chaired the meeting, there were only four others on the committee. He opened the meeting by telling them of the call he had received from the President, and that he had meeting in the Palace the very next evening. Evening, because that is when Putin started work every day. He did not rise until midday, and spent two hours swimming in the presidential pool, before having a large breakfast. Then he walked in the grounds, taking with him his Labrador dog. Putin was a lonely man, divorced from his wife, though you would not get that information from his personal website, nor the information that both his daughters lived abroad.
Kuschenka himself read the minutes of the last meeting, before updating the committee.
“We are still not preventing the shale gas drilling rigs from operating. I have figures here on the amounts being spent employing tough men, recruited from the employment centres. At some locations, we have over one hundred paid men in conjunction with our friends from the Green Party, and Friends of the Earth, who, of course, support our actions.”
The vice-chairman of the committee said, “These pseudo political parties are no help to us.”
“No, but they provide good television impressions of a democratic process. And they don’t cost money. However, the police are clearing our protesters, and getting supplies through to the rigs. Has anyone any ideas?”
The youngest member of the committee, maybe only thirty years old said in a timid voice, “Perhaps we should target the drill rig workers.”
Kuschenka pointed at him. “Come on, boy; please expound your theory in more detail.”
With all eyes on him, the boy blushed. “Well, if we arrange to attack the rig workers, have them beaten up, and perhaps one or two of them murdered, there might be a reluctance to take those jobs. Without operators, the drills don’t operate.”
Kuschenka continued to stare in his direction. “It has possibilities,” he said, rather reluctantly.
There were very few other ideas, and after half an hour, Kuschenka closed the meeting.

The next afternoon, Kuschenka arranged for a car to take him from the SVR building to the Palace, which is on the eastern side of Moscow, about twenty five kilometres from the Kremlin. It was four o’clock when they arrived and parked among many official cars in the car park. The weather was fine; a rather warm day for the middle of September and Kuschenka enjoyed the walk through the trees to the Palace entrance. Uniformed police were on the steps, and once inside more police, all armed, examined their passes. A civilian in a suit led the way to an elaborately ornate waiting hall. Here the seating was like that of an auditorium to a cinema, although there was no screen. The seats were nearly all taken, most of them by men, and they nearly all had a look of boredom, indicating that their wait had been long.
Kuschenka sat alone, his driver having been siphoned off to a separate waiting area. He sat near to a stout man with grey hair, who he vaguely recognized. Kuschenka was convinced his neighbour was fairly high in the hierarchy, but couldn’t put a name to the face. He spent the next hour trying to guess where he had met him, or if he only knew him from the television. Half an hour after that, and he was being called by an usher, who accompanied him to the Presidential office. Under his arm the usher carried a leather-bound official binder, which he placed on the President’s desk. The desk was huge, and the surface nearly unoccupied. There was no computer monitor, for Putin was not interested in the internet.
Putin looked up when Kuschenka was ushered in, and waved him to the chair in front of the desk. Then the President leafed through the file, flicking the pages, his face without expression. After several minutes he leaned back in his chair and again looked at Kuschenka.
“You are not doing very well in the UK. The rigs are still being built.”
“Yes Sir,” Kuschenka nervously clasped his hands together on his knees. “As you know, this has not been as easy as France. The main political parties are in accord, so they are not worrying about their popularity with the people. There is a balance of payments problem, and they see the production of cheap gas as a way out of their problem. However, I have thought of a new plan.”
 “Yes?” The word hung in the air.
“To attack the rig workers. Once a few have been beaten up, and perhaps a few killed, they will not be so keen to carry on their chosen career. Without the workers, the drills will not be built, nor operated.”
Putin said nothing for a few moments. He had an unsettling manner of staring at you, as though you hadn’t actually spoken. Kuschenka started to fidget.
Putin said at last, “That could be promising. Put it into action straight away.” He looked down at the file, and picked up a pen from the desk, made some notes, and turned a page, looked at Kuschenka again, his face expressionless.
“It says in my file that you have one hundred and two prisoners from the UK presently in residence at Prison Camp 135, near Archangel. Please explain.”
Again the expressionless stare.
“Mostly press people who joined the protests, but were actually spying, and moreover, arriving at the truth. We had to pluck them away before they could disseminate the information in their newspapers. Also, some are those who were searching for the missing ones.”
“I can’t say I like it, but I understand your motives. Please ensure they do not escape, or they will defeat you. In fact they will defeat our plans.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Again the stare. Putin pushed a bell on his desk, and the usher arrived to escort Kuschenka out into the real world. Outside in the waiting room, he wiped his brow with a handkerchief, and once outside the Palace re-united with his driver, found that he was trembling.
Chapter Seven
McBride finished stowing his belongings in the rucksack, keeping his anorak beside him on the bed. He was wearing his thick sweater. He expected it to be chilly in Russia at the end of September. He stood at the port hole watching as the ship approached the container port. In the distance, etched black against the cloudy sky, he saw the buildings of St Petersburg.
The container port was laid out very similarly to the Teesport version. Container traffic had been operating since the latter half of last century, and standardisation in the dimensions of containers had spread to standardisation of the terminals.
Half an hour later the ship finally docked, men on the dockside accepting the warps tossed to them, and securing the ship to the large bollards fore and aft.
As McBride watched he saw a van approach the ship and a man got out, a cigarette in his mouth. He stood by until the crew lowered the gangways, and then vanished into the hull. McBride didn’t have to wait long. Within minutes, the key was turning in the door, and two crewmen appeared, one with a pistol in his hand. They stood to one side of the door, still in the corridor, and motioned for McBride to come out of his cell. McBride took his time gathering his belongings, which annoyed the men, as he knew it would. Eventually with McBride, now wearing his anorak, his rucksack on his back, they set off on the return route to the gangway.
They emerged high up on the side of the ship, stairways zigzagging down the hull to the quayside. As McBride emerged, a cold breeze made him shiver. He was pleased that he had dressed for the colder climate. One crew member went first, then McBride, with the remaining man, the one with the gun, behind him. They went quickly down the rope and wood stair gangway. The motion set the rope and wooden construction swaying. On the quayside, the man from the van was waiting, now lighting a further cigarette, coughing harshly and then banging his hands round his chest to keep warm. He was dressed for driving in a heated vehicle, not standing around on a dock.
McBride was ushered over to the van, the driver opened the rear doors, the crew man poked McBride in the back with his pistol and he climbed in.
The doors were slammed shut, and McBride took off his rucksack, and sat down on the bench. He heard the driver speak to the crew, then the driver opened his door, the van shaking as he seated himself and suddenly they were driving speedily away. On the final leg of the journey, thought McBride.

Two hours later, after driving on smooth surfaces at a speed that McBride estimated was more than sixty miles an hour, with hardly any traffic by western standards, the van slowed and turned, leaving the smooth tarmac, now on a rougher surface, and then stopping. The driver got out, and McBride heard a scrabbling sound on the metal van side, and then the gush of liquid. Even without the smell of petrol vapour, McBride would have known that they were refuelling. He heard the pump click off, and shortly the driver got back in the vehicle and drove forward for no more than two minutes before stopping again. He left the vehicle for about ten minutes. Then McBride heard footsteps approach the back of the van, the key inserted and the door opened. The daylight momentarily blinded McBride, then he made out the driver, thrusting something at him. He was amazed to see a carrier bag with the McDonald’s logo. He smiled at the driver and reached out. The driver quickly shut and re-locked the door.
McBride felt in the bag, and pulled out a cardboard cup of coffee, complete with straw and cardboard lid. It was warm to his hands. He reached back in the carrier bag, and pulled out the polystyrene box that he knew would contain a Big Mac. The carrier bag also held a portion of chips. He was immediately hungry, and started to eat the burger, shovelling chips into his mouth, too.
With his huger sated, he made himself as comfortable as he could on the bench and sipped his coffee. He was intrigued at the McDonald’s organisation that could make their food and coffee taste the same all over the world.
The van was now back at high cruising speed, again on a good road surface, with very few bends. If they were heading to Archangel, or that area, they should be there before dark. The van driver pulled off the road into a layby for a toilet stop and allowed McBride to join him, although the driver had his pistol in one hand whilst they faced the countryside, side by side urinating.
When they were driving on, McBride fell asleep, and was only woken when the van slowed and turned right along a much inferior road. Gravel was hitting the chassis, kicked up by the tyres and the van lurched in the potholes.
About an hour later the van ground to a halt, and then moved forward cautiously, and the driver was speaking to somebody. Welcome to your new home, thought McBride. The van pulled into what must be a parking area. The rear doors were opened by two men in uniform, army uniform McBride surmised, but it was dark outside the van, and the area was lit, but quite dimly. He crouched down and pulled himself out of the vehicle, stretching and stamping his feet to restore his circulation. The two soldiers grabbed an arm each, and marched with him off to the right, where he saw a two storey brick building in very bad repair. They took him through a door with Cyrillic script on it.
Inside, the light was much brighter, several strip lamps on the ceiling buzzing annoyingly. There were two old wooden desks, and a large man sat at one of them, writing in a bound ledger. He looked up, and McBride saw that the man was approaching sixty, and was maybe some four stones overweight. He, too was wearing army uniform, but of a better cut and finer cloth. Officer class McBride reckoned. The man stood up and walked across to the counter that was close to the door. He reached beneath his side of the counter, bringing his hand back up with a sheet of paper. A form, of course. Nothing happens in armies anywhere in the world without first filling in a form. McBride knew that from his own experience.
The guard next to him put down a creased piece of paper, another filled in form. He glanced over and saw the name John, and the rest of the form was in Cyrillic script. The officer picked it up, screwed the sheet into a ball with one hand and then threw it in a waste basket by one of the desks. He turned the form round to face McBride, laid a pen on the desk and spoke in Russian. McBride shook his head.
“Fill,” the officer said, pointing at the form, then the pen. McBride picked it up, and studied the form. It was in English. He was surprised. He filled in his surname as ‘McGregor’, and then the rest of the form with correct information, date of birth, address, height, weight. He turned the form the other way on the counter so that the officer could read it. The officer glanced at it without reading it, and put it into wire tray on one of the desks. He reached again under the counter, produced a green plastic disc. A number was embossed in white. 136 it read. McBride picked it up. There was a pin fastener on the back. He held it up against his sweater, looked at the officer with his eyebrows raised in question.
“Ja,” said the officer, and watched whilst McBride affixed the badge to his sweater. Then he gave instructions to his guards. They again grasped his arms, and manhandled him out of the door. McBride saw arc lights on poles, shining with weak light, leaving large areas of shadow across the compound. Looking down he saw that it was concrete cracked and crumbling. Turning his head he saw a guard tower in a corner of the compound. He could make out a head below the roof at the top of the tower. The guards marched him along the brick building to a door at the opposite end. They passed barred windows, with electric lights visible inside. The building was about a hundred feet long, and there was another door in the middle. One of the guards opened it with a key attached to his belt. His companion guard lifted his pistol at the ready, and all three entered the dormitory.
McBride recognised the layout that he had seen many times in the British Army. Beds were head against each of the side walls, interspersed with lockers five feet high. There were a couple of potbelly stoves in the centre aisle; chimneys of steel reaching up and through the ceiling. The floor was a composition screed. The beds had numbers screwed to the wall above the bed, and repeated on the steel locker adjacent to the bed. The guards took him down to one end, where he saw his number on the bedspace. Bedding was neatly boxed on the bare mattress. One of the guards opened the locker, showed him the contents – two more blankets, a bar of soap, a towel, grey but no doubt it had started out as white, an army style greatcoat hanging on a rail. There was a denim uniform, black tunic and trousers. McBride nodded, thinking that’s a good colour to be wearing when I escape, providing it’s not snowing. He looked round. His bedspace was in a good position, not far from one of the stoves. There was a group of fellow-prisoners standing mostly round the stoves, smoking and talking, but also paying attention to their new companion. The guards left him, walking out of the door, and he could hear it being locked again.
McBride threw his anorak and rucksack into a spare shelf of his locker, and wandered over to the nearest stove.
“Hello guys, my name’s John McBride. Nice place you’ve got. Is there some-one called Ben lives here?”
“Ben Stockton?”
“That’s the man.”
“He’s just over there, with his back to us,” the bearded man said, pointing to the other stove further down the room.
“With the fair hair?”
“That’s the one.” The man looked puzzled. “Why do you ask, when you don’t know him?”
“I know his sister, and she asked me to find him. If you don’t mind, I’ll just go over and introduce myself.” McBride strode down to the other stove, tapped Ben on the back. Ben swung round nervously.
“For God’s sake don’t do that. You’re new here, aren’t you? So this time I forgive you. It’s what one of the guards does, and then sticks a gun in your face. He thinks it’s funny.”
“My apologies, it won’t happen again. Your sister is looking for you. So I thought I would join the fracking trail, and go where the Russians took me. I thought you would be there, and here you are.”
“It won’t do a lot of good, we can’t go back.”
“I thought we would escape. It can’t be that hard from what I’ve seen so far. Mind it was dark when I got here. But we can talk about that tomorrow.
“Your sister said to tell you to look after yourself, and that she is okay, except wasting her holidays trying to find you. She was crying at the time, I don’t think she meant it.”
McBride studied Ben. He could tell he was the girl’s brother, same shaped face, big eyes. He could be late twenties, he supposed.
Ben grimaced. “You won’t be so damn cheerful when you’ve been here a week.”
“Give me some lowdown. So far all I know is what I see, and it looks like I’ve joined the Army again. Is it tough, do they work us hard, is the food good?’
“The food is cooked by us, but the raw ingredients are mostly potatoes, grown near the camp, rabbits shot by the guards, and the occasional deer. They planted some cabbages, but they’ve all been eaten. In the spring there will be vegetables again, I think.”
“I don’t intend to be here by the spring,” said McBride in a positive voice. “What about fuel for the stoves? Is there enough of that for the winter, or are we all going to freeze to death?”
“There’s a huge pile of coke in the compound.”
“To change the subject slightly, will we be fed tonight?”
“Tony and Nigel are in the kitchen, cooking right now. We usually eat at seven thirty.”
“Very civilised. Are we locked in now?”
“Yes, from six o’clock, until eight in the morning.”
“Couldn’t be that difficult to break out.”
“I think you should wait until you see the camp in daylight before you make those judgements, mate. There’re guards up in those towers all night, and there’s miles of flat ground with no cover, until you get to the forests.”
“Okay, I’ll talk to you about it tomorrow. Do you have some ablutions that I could use before dinner?”
“That end. The door on the right is the washroom and bogs. The other door is into a separate bedroom.”
“No doubt where the corporal or sergeant in charge beds down.”
“No, in fact the Russians keep out of our way most of the time. There’s a very ill guy in there. He’s about sixty, which is a lot older than anyone else. He was ill when I got here. He looks as though he has cancer; don’t think he’ll last long.”
“Can’t you get the Russians to move him to a hospital?”
“Apparently not. He could do with some pain killers, but the guards say they haven’t any.”
Ben suddenly turned to the opposite end of the room, where a door had opened and two men pushed a large trolley into the barrack room. McBride caught a fragrance of cooked food. He hadn’t eaten since he had the McDonald’s burger.
“Smells good.”
“Yes, they’re good cooks considering.” They both walked down the room; joined an informal queue. The cooks were handing out plates which they had filled from a huge stewpot which stood on the trolley. As soon as each man had been served, they either sat on the beds close by, or stood round the stove, with spoon in one hand, and dish in the other.
“Could do with a table here,” said McBride.
“I think it would be considered an extravagance by the Russkies. I’ll introduce you to some of the guys.” He banged with his spoon on the trolley. “Hey, listen up, this guy is John. He knows my sister.” He turned to McBride and said “This is Fred, with the beard. Nigel, next to him.” He continued reciting names which McBride wouldn’t remember until he’d been here a few days.
McBride sat on one of the beds with Ben, and started to eat. The food was remarkably good, a potato and rabbit stew, accurately seasoned. Unfortunately there were no second helpings, and no further courses.
Chapter Eight
The bed was hard, but McBride fell asleep almost immediately, an old soldier’s trick.
He was awakened by the sound of a key turning in the door. He opened his eyes and watched without moving. The room was not completely dark, the compound lighting filtering in the uncurtained windows. The guard who stealthily entered was tall and overweight. He wore his greatcoat, and walked slowly across the room towards the ablutions. A loud moaning sound came from the separate bedroom at that end. It had been a noise he had heard all evening, and one of the prisoners had sat with the old man until lights out.
The sick man’s door was opened by the guard. He entered leaving the door open. McBride saw a flash and heard the pistol shot. The moaning stopped.
The guard came out, closed the door, walked out of the main door, locking it after him. That was one way, but McBride hoped he didn’t get sick while he was here.
Every prisoner was now awake, muttering to each other, as shocked as McBride.
At eight o’clock the next morning the barrack room was unlocked. Two guards came in and removed the body; now wrapped in a blanket.
Breakfast had been served an hour earlier, potato soup, and every prisoner was clad in their black denim uniform. Once the door was open, they filed out into the compound yard and formed two lines facing their hut. From behind their hut more men arrived, and formed two further lines. McBride estimated that there were about one hundred in total. They all stood at ease, enjoying the hazy sunshine. After a few minutes the officer who had checked McBride in the previous evening, came pounding down the outside metal staircase from the upper floor of the barracks. He was followed down the staircase by three other guards.
McBride now understood the course of the events of the night before. The Russians slept immediately above them. Their sleep had been disturbed by the dying man’s cries of pain. Somebody’s anger had got the better of him. That didn’t in any way excuse the atrocity.
The officer arrived at the bottom of the steps. He moved right and one of the guards marched straight up to the waiting prisoners.
“Smeer-nah!” shouted in an army style command. McBride didn’t speak Russian, but he automatically came to attention, exactly in time with the others. The officer walked forward to stand at the side of the guard.
“Votstnah.” The prisoners stood at ease. McBride was again in time.
The guard started to count heads. One of the other guards came up to validate the results. The two conferred, looking at a clip-board. They wrote quickly on it, passed it to the officer, who signed.
“Razoydis.” The prisoners broke ranks sauntering away a few paces, speaking to each other in small groups. McBride was not quick enough, and a guard took hold of his arm, and that of Ben.
“Special duty,” said the guard, in English with a bad accent. One of his colleagues had hold of another two prisoners. They were marched off to the single storey hut in the corner of the compound near the gates. Above it, the watch tower, a rickety wooden structure. McBride gazed upwards, and then turned round to see what other towers there were. Just one, at the farthest end of the compound. Outside of the chain link fencing, barren ground, grass and small shrubs, nothing large enough to give cover. Maybe half a mile, and then the pine forest. Further away still, blue-grey hills. The only sounds: the murmuring of the prisoners and the boots of the guards ringing on the concrete. Up in the blue sky, a plane’s vapour trail.
The guard ahead of them opened the door of the hut, disappeared inside, returned with two shovels. McBride realised what task lay ahead.
One of the guards opened the main gate just wide enough for the four prisoners and the other two guards to leave the compound. Whilst the guard closed the gate behind them, the two guards held their rifles across their chests.
Two of the prisoners held the spades. One guard paced off thirty steps diagonally from the compound, turned round and beckoned to the prisoners. He grabbed the shovel from McBride’s hand and marked a faint rectangle in the grass. Then he handed the spade back to McBride, mimicking a digging action.
McBride, with the spade in his hand, looked round but now was not the time to make a break. He didn’t know the strengths or weaknesses of Ben, and they had no topcoats with them. It was too far to run to the forest if the guards were anything like marksmen. It needed to be done under cover of darkness. All these thoughts went through McBride’s mind in only seconds as he brought the spade sharply to the ground, putting his weight through his foot on to the spade. The earth was surprising yielding, the spade sinking nearly a spit deep. As he dug, he glanced to where Ben had started digging at the other end of the trench. When they had dug the grave two feet deep, they were told to give the spades to the other two, and McBride and Ben stood back wiping sweat from their foreheads, and watched the others digging. The guards stood close to the grave and eventually gave the signal to stop. McBride could see the sides of the hole glistening; mostly yellowish clay less than a foot down from the surface. Total depth not much more than four feet. He hoped that wild animals wouldn’t dig the body up. He looked across the rough grass and saw that there were more graves, or so he supposed, marked by single short posts, and tell-tale mounds. Well, the others hadn’t been dug up.
The guards threw their cigarette ends on the ground, held their rifles aggressively, and motioned for the prisoners to go back inside the compound. The guard who had remained inside opened the gate for them, and shut it behind them. The other two guards led the prisoners back to a wooden lean-to shed attached to the gatehouse. Inside, on a low table laid the body, still wrapped in a blood-stained blanket. The four prisoners each clutched a corner of the blanket, and between them manoeuvred the body out of the shed. Again the guard on the gate let them out, and prisoners and guards went back to the graveside.
The prisoners started to lower the body and were told to stop by one guard. He motioned that they were to lay the head facing out from the camp. McBride knew why. He had heard that prisoners were always laid that way, to indicate that they had been shot whilst escaping. He didn’t think this tricked anyone. The guards had brought two spades back with them, and two of the prisoners started to shovel earth back in the hole. Ben bowed his head and spoke.
“We commit your body to the Lord God. Amen.”
He got a smart kick in the backside from one of the guards, but the other one looked away slightly embarrassed.
“Well, someone had to say something, poor old chap,” said Ben to McBride. McBride nodded, and they all trooped back into the camp.
“What happens now?” said McBride to Ben as they strolled across the parade ground.
“Well, lunch is at one o’clock.” He looked at his watch. “It’s only ten thirty. I usually do a few laps of the perimeter. It helps to keep me fit.”
“Sounds good, may I join you?”
“Of course. But if I’m too slow, please feel free to run on ahead.” He smiled, his face showing embarrassment.
They trotted over side by side to the perimeter, travelling anticlockwise. McBride thought that was strange, he would have gone round the other way if it was left to him. They were running now at a steady jog, and McBride realised halfway round that Ben was quite fit. That was good news he had been afraid that when they broke out Ben might have been a hindrance.
They passed the ends of the two barrack blocks, and turned to go past behind them. The bulk of the camp area was at the other side. Here the barracks were only maybe thirty feet from the perimeter fence. He mentally paced out the length of the block as he ran. 200 feet, he made it.
“There’s about a hundred prisoners here, is that right, Ben?”
“Give or take. Males only. I don’t know if any women were brought to Russia. If there were, they aren’t in this camp.”
“But there are only about thirty or so of us in our barracks, with the guards occupying the floor above? So where are the other sixty or more of us?”
Ben nodded his head towards the block they were passing. “In there, two floors of prisoners. The Russians only occupy our top floor.”
McBride nodded. Now they had come to the end of the barracks. A large tank on short legs stood on a concrete pad.
“What’s that tank? Surely not water? Is it oil? Don’t tell me there’s central heating?”
Ben smiled and said: “Certainly not. That is for the diesel generator. All the electricity is generated in a room at the end of the block on the ground floor.”
McBride looked at the pipe going through the wall from the tank, and looked up and saw an exhaust pipe and silencer emerging about twelve feet up. He could see black exhaust fumes, and hear the slow throb of a six cylinder engine. Looking again he could make out another exhaust outlet, but no smoke.
“They’ve got two generators, I see.”
“Quite likely. They’ve got a lot of electric lighting for two blocks, and then the perimeter lights, searchlights on the guard tower. And they presumably can run on one generator if the other one breaks down.”
McBride turned his attention back to the fence. He had seen that it was chain-link, supported on concrete posts. At least twelve feet high, and on top of that there were three strands of what looked like razor wire. The chain link was scarred with rust. He bet it would be easy to cut, if you had the right equipment. That was a big if. And then he spotted the porcelain insulators, five of them spaced out on the concrete posts. Wires ran along the camp side of the fence. Electrified fence.
“Hi Ben, is the fence electrified all the time?”
“Don’t think so. Just at night, so one of the other guys told me.”
McBride nodded and looked up at the watch tower on this corner. It didn’t look as though it was in use. In fact, the whole operation looked a bit makeshift, the staff scruffy certainly not soldiers. Too old, for a start, and some of them, including the officer, too fat.
“Has anyone escaped since you’ve been here, Ben?”
“No. They say that there was a breakout a couple of years ago. Then there were fewer prisoners, and the staff were a bit stretched. Apparently after the escape happened the staffing levels were beefed up.”
“How many staff now, do you think?”
“Well they’re working a three shift system. About nine on each shift. But if there was trouble I reckon all twenty seven of them would respond.”
They had not stopped running as they conversed, and were coming up to the other end of the compound. As they turned the final corner they could see the guard house and the main watch tower ahead. They had a good chance to study it as they loped along at a slower pace. They could see one man up in the watch tower, two others smoking in front of the gatehouse, both armed. Presumably they would have a machine gun mounted on a tripod up in the tower.
“Haven’t seen any dogs,” said McBride.
“No, they don’t have kennels, and I’ve never seen any dogs about. I thought that was strange when I came here.”
McBride had seen everything he wanted but was game for another couple of circuits before lunch.
Chapter Nine
It was pleasantly warm in the barrack room that night. McBride sat with Ben on his bed, talking. At the other side of the stove, five prisoners played draw poker on another bed. Everyone was in shirtsleeves, the stoves glowing red at the top. The warm weather had meant they had built up a pleasant fug indoors.
“We need to be out of here before the snow comes, or else we can’t go until spring. I don’t want to stop here over the winter.”
Ben turned to McBride: “You know how we can break out? And you have only been here since last night?” There was doubt in his voice.
“Let me ask you a question. Can we get out of this barrack room at night?”
“Well, we have a key to the door. I don’t know how it was obtained, but the feeling is that it would be useful in case of fire. I suppose there is some risk, with these coke stoves.”
“Very little, the British Army have been using them for donkeys’ years. The disadvantage to leaving by the door is that the gatehouse directly faces it. Getting out the back way, between the barrack buildings would be better.”
“When I first came, there was a scheme to escape. It never materialised though. Come with me and I’ll show you.”
Ben got off the bed, and moved towards the ablutions. McBride followed. Ben veered off and into the separate bedroom recently occupied by the man they had buried that morning. He went over to the high window.
“See here?” he pointed and McBride could see that the frame was quite loose in the wall. “You can lift out the frame, and the bars on the outside. It’s a bit of a squeeze to get through, I would think, but not impossible.”
McBride slapped Ben on the back. “That is the missing link to my plan. We can go tomorrow night.”
“Just like that?”
“We need to pack our clothes first. We escape in these black denims, take our civvies with us. You’ve got a rucksack, I suppose?”
“Absolutely. Essential equipment for a fracking dissenter.”
“Right. Sit down and I’ll tell you the plan.” The poker players were still playing, and nearby, a couple of guys standing talking by the stove, smoking cigarettes. Russian ones by the smell. The Russian guards must be selling them. For what? Heirlooms, maybe.
“Well, come on, tell me the plan.”
“We get out through the window, say about nine o’clock. The shift change is at eight o’clock, is it?” Ben nodded. “We sneak down to the generators, put them out of action, and while the whole camp is in darkness, we nip out through the fence. There’s a cut in the chain link fence, I saw it. We get out there. I’ll rip the bottom electric wire off the post, to give us more wriggle room.”
“Let’s hope the juice stays off while we get through.”
“Oh, it will. And it will take them a while to sort out the fault. They’ll dash to the generator room, grab a torch, and then, if they know what they are doing, they will unscrew the fuel pipe. That will tell them there is no fuel getting to the diesel engine. They’ll trace the line inside until it goes through the wall. Then they’ll go outside to the fuel tank, and first they’ll dip it, and they will probably have to go back to the generator room to get the dipstick. It must be stored there.
They find there’s lots of fuel in the tank, so they put back the cap, and go and try to start the engine. And it will start, and run for a minute or two, and die again.
I bet it takes twenty minutes at least until they’ve got the lights on again.
“In twenty minutes we can be in the forest, surely. It’s about a mile at tops. And, by God, we’ll be trying for the four minute mile don’t you think?”
“You make it sound so simple,” said Ben.
“The simplest plans are the best. Less to go wrong.”
“But first, you’ve got to sabotage the generators. How do you do that?”
“I don’t. I sabotage the tank, which I can do when we get out through the window. What I will use is something we’ve got lots of at this camp.”
“Go on.”
“Potatoes. Or just one potato, actually. I just stick it up the air vent on top of the tank. Air can’t get in to replace the diesel leaving. That means the diesel stops going to the engines.”
Ben smiled. “Bloody brilliant.”
“Well I did get lots of practice in the SAS at this sort of thing.”
McBride looked round the barrack room and saw most prisoners were going to bed.
“I think we should turn in now. We aren’t going to get any sleep tomorrow night. Just one long march until daybreak, then hide up during the day.”

The next day broke fine, frosty, a totally blue sky. After breakfast and before they were due on parade, McBride went into the kitchen, giving a perfunctory rap on the door as he entered. The man who looked in charge, not big, but wearing an air of authority, was watching another man wiping the prep tables down after service. The fact that he was not doing the job himself reinforced the idea that he was in charge.
“Excuse me, chef. I’m John McBride fairly new here. Could you let me have a potato, a raw one?”
“I know you. Yesterday you and Ben were digging the old man’s grave. I watched you. Bad business, that. What do you want a spud for? You can’t eat them raw, didn’t you know? Will cause sickness, and give you the shits. That’s the best outcome. The worst is heart problems; even death.”
“I’m not going to eat it, I promise. It’s just for a small experiment.”
The chef shrugged and went over to a storeroom, emerging later with a couple of potatoes in his hand.
“You want a couple. No extra charge?”
“No, just one. I can’t tell you about it, but you might just find out.”
McBride heard the sound of the men trooping out of the barrack room.
“Got to go. Russia needs me. Are you excused parade?”
“Just when I’m on breakfasts. The two of us are excused. Believe me I’d rather go on parade than cook meals in this crappy kitchen.”
McBride dashed out of the door, just in time to join the line-up. It was the same as the day before, but this time McBride made sure he wasn’t on the end of a line. He realised that was where they picked men for special duties. He inserted himself in the centre of the line. It caused a bit of grumbling from his neighbours, as they adjusted their distances. The officer, when he came down the steps looked drunk, and almost missed his footing halfway down the steel steps. Vodka for breakfast probably.
Ben, who was suddenly on his left said, “What were you doing in the kitchen?”
McBride smiled. “Getting second helpings.”

The morning went by quickly. First Ben and McBride jogged ten laps of the perimeter. The diesel generator was chugging away as the passed the tank on the corner, the exhaust high on the wall sending dark smoke into the crisp pure air.
After their run they joined a group of men that Ben was friendly with, and it was obvious that they were choosing teams for five-a-side football. There was a bit of competition to have McBride on their side. He stood at over six foot, and was all muscle. They assumed he could play football. Eventually they tossed a coin, and McBride was in the opposing team to Ben. The game was reminiscent of school playground football, concrete pitch and coats for goalposts. The play was better than that though. Youngish men, certainly a lot younger than McBride, lean through their time in the camp, nimble on their feet. McBride enjoyed himself. They played for over an hour non-stop, and McBride was exhausted. But so were the others, and he was pleased that he could keep up with the youngsters. They sat around on the ground after the game, gossiping.
McBride said to no-one in particular, “Has anybody ever escaped from here? What do you think will happen to you?” The opposing team’s goalie, a small wiry man with red hair and a Glaswegian accent spoke up.
“Six months ago, a couple of guys went over the fence. They were shot before they had got far. Aye, we watched it all happen. A bit discouraging, that. We dug their graves, aye, same as you done yesterday.”
“We are just waiting until the British government gets us out of here.” A well-spoken man, in his early thirties. “I mean we are not exactly starving here, and we get lots of leisure time.” He pondered. “Come to that it’s all leisure time.”

The window frame wouldn’t shift. They were both standing on the bed that they had pulled up to the wall. It wasn’t moving until Ben slipped on the yielding mattress whilst clutching the knob on the window. Then it came out of the wall together with a cloud of mortar dust. When Ben had disengaged himself from the frame with McBride’s help they looked up at the hole in the wall.
“Big enough for us I think. Who goes first? You, Ben. I’ll give you a leg up.”
He was small and thin enough to turn until he was astride the wall, and then legs first he lowered himself down into the dark. McBride followed, launching himself into the darkness knowing it wasn’t far to jump. They both searched on the ground for their greatcoats and rucksacks they had thrown out first. It took them a few minutes, getting their coats and rucksacks on in the faint light thrown by a quarter moon. McBride could neither see nor hear any guard patrols. That proved how sloppy they were.
They made their way in single file, McBride leading down the path between the buildings. At the end they turned right, and the big diesel tank was in front of them. McBride reached into his pocket, pulled out the potato the cook had provided. Ben hefted him up onto the top of the tank, where McBride’s scrambling caused a hollow metallic booming. They both froze, listening. After five minutes, during which they heard nothing, McBride crawled slowly towards the pipe which emerged from the tank. It rose about a foot vertically, and then curved in semi-circle so that the vent was completely facing the tank top. McBride pushed the potato over the open end forcing upwards until the bottom of the pipe came out of the other side of the potato. He then pulled the potato downwards. When he removed the potato, it had a large hole through the middle. McBride put it in his pocket, slid off the tank.
“Okay Ben, we’re fit to go.”
By the time they reached the fence at the opposite corner of the compound, they could hear the generator still running.
“It isn’t working,” said Ben. McBride could hear the panic in his voice.
“Give it a minute or two.” And then they heard the hesitating stutter and only a minute later the engine died.
“Quick, let’s go,” said McBride, getting hold of the bottom electric wire and pulling to detach it from the insulator. The wire sagged on the ground, and McBride kicked at the wire link fencing, forcing it outwards along the vertical cut that some long ago prisoner had made. With Ben’s help they forced the fencing back until the hole was big enough to crawl through. They were out, and lying on the ground when they heard the thud of running boots on concrete, and they saw dimly, men running towards the generator room.
McBride whispered “Come on, quickly,” and they were both moving at a crouch away from the fence and into the darkness beyond.
Chapter Ten
About half a mile out, McBride risked a backward glance. The night was as dark as the view before him. Faint sounds of shouts, in Russian. Sounds, too, of people chanting. The prisoners joining in the fun. McBride smiled to himself, and kept on running.
It was so dark the forest caught them by surprise. They were blundering through the tall pines, Ben bouncing like a pinball from one tree trunk to the next.
“Ease up Ben” said McBride in a hoarse whisper. “More haste less speed.”
“Sorry.” Ben cut his speed to a trot. Once their eyes became accustomed to their even dimmer surroundings, the going wasn’t so bad. The ground was smoother, hardly any undergrowth, the light didn’t penetrate. They made good time, and when the trees became more sparse, and they were leaving the forest, McBride glanced at the luminous dial of his watch. Barely four a.m.
“Ben, let’s take a half hour break. I reckon we’ve done twenty miles at least.”
They sat down against a bole of a tree. McBride was aware that there would probably be a search, even a search with dogs. He thought they were generally travelling in a westerly direction. If the Russians used dogs, it would be useful if they could cross some watercourse, to confuse the scent trail. And they needed somewhere to bury their uniforms. Problems, always problems. But nothing that McBride couldn’t handle. It was good that Ben was a fit youngish man.  Late twenties. A good age to be.
McBride looked at his watch. Twenty five minutes they had been resting, time to get going. He stood up, stretching, and Ben hearing McBride, stood up too, running on the spot, eager to be moving. Now they were on meadow land, and the moon was directly above them. They could make out groups of trees and shrubs. A fox bolted across almost in front of their feet, reminding McBride, inconsequentially, that they would have to find food by tonight if not sooner. Their priority as soon as dawn broke, would be to find somewhere to hide out
***
In the Camp office the CO was sitting in shirtsleeves, braces over his dirty shirt. In front of him lay two pieces of paper on the desk. With him were three of the guards. The CO was plucking up courage to lift the phone and dial.
It had taken exactly one hour and eleven minutes to restore power. Then they realised that if they removed the oil tank filler cap, the engines continued to run. They had yet to find the potato up the air vent. Next they had carried out a parade of prisoners and a head count. They were two prisoners short. It had taken some time to find out which prisoners had vanished. All the prisoners had to be inspected and their numbers ticked off.
The papers in front of the CO related to the missing prisoners, one listed as John, departed Yorkshire, England and then the date. Number given. There was no other data, but stapled to the form was a photograph taken here in this office. An unsmiling John McBride unaware he was being recorded by a secret camera. The other papers had a photograph of Ben Stockton, taken four months earlier.
The Commanding Officer could no longer prevaricate. He lifted the phone, dialled the SVR headquarters, asked for Timur Kuschenka, in charge of the British desk. A duty officer spoke. The CO explained that he must speak only to Kuschenka, that it was urgent. The duty officer patched the call through to Kuschenka’s home. There was a low ringing sound, and then a woman answered.
She left the phone, and was away a long time. The CO fingered the forms on his desk.
“Kuschenka.”
“The English prison here. Petrov speaking. I am sorry to wake you. We have had a break out. Two prisoners escaped.”
“So, you have a search party out?”
“No Sir, the electricity supply was sabotaged. It took over one hour to restore. Then we had to take a roll call to determine how many had escaped, and -- ”
“No excuses!” barked Kuschenka. “You must send their descriptions, photographs would be better, by email to this number immediately.” He proceeded to read out the email address. “Mark it for the following.” He gave a list of three names. I will alert them that the message is arriving soon. Don’t delay.” He slammed down the phone.
Kuschenka knew it was his own fault staffing the prison camp with second-rate ex-army drop-outs. But he was working on a tight budget and Putin was easily offended if one were not economical. Immediately, he picked up the phone again, spoke to the duty officer at SVR headquarters, was passed through to the Army HQ, and was passed through six people before he had the one he wanted: the man in charge of domestic security. He outlined the problem, asked that soldiers could carry out a search. Said where the men had escaped, gave a map reference, and a time of breakout. He said that he imagined that they might be making for St Petersburg, or even Moscow. The officer promised to have his men on the ground by six thirty, but he could only spare ten. Kuschenka promised him photographs of the men by email within half an hour.
Putting the phone down, he went to get dressed. There was still a lot to be done, and by the time he got to the office it would be seven o’clock. There he would speak to his colleagues, get SVR operatives alerted, and the police notified. But it would be a longshot if they picked them up. Like looking for a needle in a haystack, he thought. This was not the time to inform the President of the unfortunate incident. Not until they had killed the escapees.

McBride estimated they had covered thirty five miles when he started looking for a place to lay low. The sun was already over the horizon but a low mist obscured most of the low-lying land they were traversing. Higher ground rose out of the mist like islands on a grey sea. The restricted visibility nearly caused them to run into a large pond, even a lake; it was difficult to assess the size, as it stretched into the haze ahead, and to the left. On the right bushes and small trees overhung the water’s edge. He looked down. The water was clear. He could see some weed maybe a foot below the surface.
“I think we could be alright to drink this stuff,” said McBride getting on to his knees, and scooping up handfuls of water. Ben joined him at the water’s edge. It certainly tasted like pure water.
“Those trees over on the right look as if they might be okay for us to rest up amongst.” McBride pointed, and Ben squinted through the mist.
“Should we wade through the water, to put the dogs off the scent?” Ben was unsure whether this was a sensible remark, even as he asked it, so he gave a chuckle. McBride took it seriously.
“Might not be far enough to put any dogs off the scent, but let’s try it anyway.” He undid his trainers, took off his socks, finding that he still had his credit card, although he could feel the cracks in the plastic. He tucked it in the top pocket of his shirt. “Walk close to the edge; you don’t know how deep it might get. Be no fun swimming in greatcoats.”
Gingerly they started to paddle through the water, which was a constant twelve or fifteen inches deep. When they came to the trees and bushes, they ducked under the overhanging branches and continued. They arrived at a point where the tree trunks advanced into the water, and interspersed with them were some aquatic bush. Just before this barrier, McBride bent and looked inland beneath the trees. Grass extended for some distance from the shore, and then more dense shrub.
“I think this is where we lie up Ben.”  He led the way stooping under the bushes. The glade he stepped into was open to the sky, with short grass beneath their feet. What kept the grass short was rabbits, which scattered as he emerged, followed by Ben.
The first thing they did was change into their civvies, then stuffed their prison denims and greatcoats under the tree roots, pushing the clothing well into the tightly packed bushes. Dog tired they lay on the grass with their heads on their rucksacks acting as pillows. McBride was instantly asleep, tired by the long march, and awake for eighteen hours.
Maybe minutes, maybe hours later, he was suddenly awake. He could hear a diesel vehicle being driven at high revs. There are no roads, why can I hear traffic? He opened his eyes, looked across the lake. Two four wheel off roaders were making their way at marching speed across the meadowland. In between were a spaced out line of soldiers. Spaced out about a quarter of a mile apart, both vehicles and eight men, he counted. So that made a sweep of about two miles wide. In the biggest country in the world. But they had actually got lucky. They were bound to search the copse they were in. Ben woke at that moment. McBride put his finger to his lips.
“They don’t know we here, and I don’t think -- ” A sudden burst of fire, and the whine of bullets overhead.
“Keep down, flat. Don’t panic.” McBride taking command. Ben looked at him, wild eyed. McBride expected troops breaking bushes, pushing their way through the undergrowth.
Ten minutes later the line was hundreds of yards further on, nobody looking behind them.
“Why didn’t they search the copse,” whispered Ben.
“Lazy. They put a few rounds through the trees, and expected that if anyone was hidden, they would rush out with their hands in the air. They are a token force. The SVR will probably answer to Putin himself over a breakout of British prisoners. There could be a diplomatic incident over this, if we get back safely. Somebody in charge at SVR headquarters is covering their backs. Calling out the troops, doing everything by the book. But the army, probably short of troops, certainly short of money were doing the least they could. Supplying ten soldiers, not even a unit.”
Ben nodded, but didn’t comment.
“The SVR can’t imagine they could catch two escaped prisoners in such a large country with a relatively low population. They will be relying on the police force, and the local SVR men on the ground to be alert for foreigners. I bet they have our descriptions. They will expect us to be making for a border crossing. Which we are. Airports they’ll be covering certainly. Railway stations as well.”
“What time is it?”
“McBride looked at his wristwatch, “Eleven. We should get some more sleep. I don’t expect any further interruptions.”
The next time they woke it was dark. They waded back the way they had come, and then headed south of the copse, which was so small that they might not have hidden there if they had known. They took up their march westwards. The going was a lot easier now they were carrying less. For three hours they marched without stopping. They came to a mud track, and walked along it, rather warily. It led to a dacha, suddenly appearing against the skyline. McBride waved Ben to follow him, single file.
No lights showed ahead, and McBride hoped that it was empty, perhaps closed up for the winter. They entered a well stocked vegetable garden. They came to a yard at the back. No vehicles parked there. They continued until they had done a complete circuit of the building. No vehicles anywhere. All the shutters were closed. McBride looked up to the chimneys. No smoke against the clear night sky. All the way round he had been keeping a lookout for signs of a burglar alarm. Nothing.
“Could be in luck,” said McBride. He led the way to the back of the house again. Tried a door. Locked, but not bolted. He could feel the give against the deadlock. He looked at the shuttered window alongside the door. The shutter was held by a flat latch, hinged on the frame. He turned it; the shutter opened easily to his pull. No light came through the glass. He put his face against the glass, shaded his eyes with his hands. It was too dark to see anything.
“Here we go,” He pulled his anorak sleeve down over his hand to protect it, and smartly struck the glass. His arm went through, and he reached in and undid the fastener on the frame.
“Come on, Ben, I’ll give you a leg-up through, if you go first. Be careful not to fall over anything.”
Ben went through the window, and McBride followed straight after him. It was completely silent apart from the sound of their breathing. Then he heard the drip of a tap, and realised they were in the kitchen. Their eyes became accustomed to the dark inside the room, and McBride made for a door across on the other wall. He felt round for a moment and then the room was flooded with light. Ben dashed to the window, and pulled at the shutter. McBride gazed at the room, then started opening cupboards, until he found what he wanted. Canned goods. The lettering on the labels was in Russian, but illustrations of the contents helped.
With Ben’s help they stacked a few cans on the table top in the centre of the room. Baked beans, corned beef with opening keys attached, soup, peach slices, as far as Ben could ascertain. Meanwhile McBride was searching the drawers. He waved a tin opener under Ben’s nose.
“That’s it, we are going now, stuff some of the cans in your rucksack, and some in mine. I don’t think the house is wired up to a police station, but why risk it?”
Two minutes later, they were out of the house, had reclosed the shutter, and were back on the lane.
Chapter Eleven
There were a few more dachas for a mile or two, and then they were in the open meadows again. They sat down in the lee of a narrow ridge. McBride pulled out of his rucksack a couple of cans, one corned beef. The other he thought was beans, but it was difficult to make out the labels in the weak moonlight.
He used the attached key to open the corned beef. Then he felt in his pocket and produced a table knife.
“What have you got there?” said Ben. “A knife, is it? A commando knife?”
“Hardly. It’s a table knife. I found it when I was looking for the tin opener. I can understand why you’re a journalist. Find it easy to make stories up.”
“Just get on with doling some food out. I haven’t eaten for twenty-four hours.”
“Hold your hand out.” McBride balanced a slice of meat on his knife and dropped it into the palm of his hand. In the course of ten minutes they devoured the can of meat. McBride used the tin opener on the other container, and gave Ben a handful poured out of it.
“Okay, what have we got there?”
Ben took a mouthful. “Wow, baked beans in tomato sauce. Brilliant, but messy.”
“There you go, complaining again.” McBride tipped up the can and poured baked beans straight into his mouth. He then got the knife, and started cutting into the grass on the bank. He pulled out the turf sod, and pushed the empty cans into the soft soil. Replacing the turf sod, he jumped up and down to flatten it.
“Come on, let’s start walking. We must do twenty miles or so at least, before daylight.” He stopped, remembering something. He pulled from his rucksack a round object, about ten inches across, got the knife out of his pocket slicing wedges. He offered one to Ben.
“This will be good for you. Keep the bowels working.”
“What the hell is it?” peering in the dark, at something with a rough feel to it.
“Cabbage. I picked it from the garden back there. It’s really good when it’s raw.”
“Not bad, if you’re hungry,” conceded Ben and finished the slice.

They marched solidly for the next four hours, which McBride estimated, would put them a further fourteen miles on the way to St. Petersburg. Just one thing worried him. He remembered a couple of big rivers in the area, from maps he had looked at in the past. On the way to the camp of course, he was locked in the back of a van, so had seen nothing. If they met a wide river running north to south, they were scuppered. They wouldn’t know whether to follow the river north or south. Still it hadn’t come to that yet.
The ground they were now walking through had now become marshy a large depression at the bottom of a long sloping hill. He could feel his feet sinking with each step. The trick was to keep going at a fair rate so that the ground didn’t give way beneath you. If it got much worse, though, they might have to retrace their steps and try another route.
Ben was behind him, and he heard him swear. “Bugger it,” and a splashing sound as he fell over. McBride leaned over him.
“Have you hurt yourself?”
“Yes, my ankle. I just sort of collapsed sideways when the ground gave. I was nearly up to my ankles in water. Christ, it hurts.” He was sitting on the ground, holding his left ankle and rocking gently.
“Just stretch out your leg a minute and let me examine your ankle. I’ve got some experience in breaks and sprains. We were taught it in the army.”
He felt gently up from his shoe. The ankle was swelling up, but he could detect no break.
“Okay. I think you’ve just sprained it. Get a spare vest or shirt out of your rucksack, and we’ll bind the ankle. Then you can support yourself on me, not putting your full weight on it. If we could find a tree branch, we could make a walking cane. We’ll look out for one.” McBride was talking confidently to keep up Ben’s morale, but inwardly cursing that this would hamper their escape, and could ultimately put them back behind bars.
When Ben’s ankle was bound, McBride helped him to stand. Ben winced, but said nothing.
“Put your weight on my shoulder, and don’t put weight on your injured ankle. Come on, let’s try walking.”
Initially, it was a struggle, but Ben got used to relying on putting his weight on McBride, and they were soon making slow progress. McBride knew they could not go much further today. They really should find somewhere to rest for a couple of days so that Ben’s sprain would heal.
It was slow going, but at least they were out of the boggy area and pulling up to higher ground. As they crested the rise, they could see for miles in the pale moonlight. Away to the right there were lights. A small cluster, maybe nothing but a single dwelling. As they drew nearer, McBride could see that there was a central building with lights showing in the windows, and lights on external brackets, lighting up what looked like yards with low barns, made of rough timber surrounding the enclaves.
Ben said, “Looks like a farm over there.” He nodded towards the electric lights. Exactly what McBride thought. A farm could be handy, sleeping in the barns would keep them reasonably warm.
“We’ll check it out.”
When they got within a mile of the farm, they entered fields of vegetable, mostly cabbage and potatoes, though it looked as though most of the potatoes had been ploughed up, and long soil clamps about four foot high confirmed this. They went through a small orchard, apple trees, McBride guessed, their now leafless branches shaking in the breeze.
The long low barn that confronted them gave off a stench of cows in close proximity with each other. An underlying aroma of urine and a more cutting stench of shit. But with the smell, warmth being given off from the shed. As they got closer, McBride saw a door near to one end. He pressed on the latch, and the door swung open, enveloping them in a gust of warm air, and a pleasant smell of hay. This end of the barn was the store for feeding the cows. They would remain inside for the winter and put out to pasture when the grass was growing next spring. The hay was in bales about two foot square. And a foot deep. The store was probably twenty feet front to back, and presumably with a door at the further side. Hay in this end, out the other.
“We could hide here, Ben. Get in amongst the bales. And it’s warm, even if it stinks.”
“Suits me, I just need to rest my leg.”
“With a bit of luck we can spend a couple of days here, and by that time you should be out of pain. The swelling will go down once you’ve got the weight off it.”
They made themselves comfortable hopefully out of sight when the farmer came in. As McBride was waiting for sleep to overtake him, he could hear the movement and snuffles, and even farts of the cattle. Another rustling closer by could only be made by mice. Or by rats. He put the thought out of his head.

McBride was awoken by footsteps on the concrete yard, steadily coming his way. He lay still. He could see the outline of the door, daylight outside now. The noise of the latch and the squeak of hinges, and the door was fully open. McBride could see a large figure through the gaps in the bales. A man of about fifty, fifty-five. Tall, probably McBride’s height, well set, wispy hair fighting a losing battle with baldness. The man grunted as he heaved a bale onto his shoulder, walked away to the side where there must be a doorway into the cowshed. He listened, and the man was talking to the cows, unless there was someone with him. After a while, he came back and took another bale away. When he returned, it was to shut the door after him.
He listened to the footsteps retreat and there was silence except for the munching noise of cows eating hay. McBride turned over and settled back to go to sleep. Ben was snoring quietly, and this kept McBride awake. Then, just when he was on the verge of sleep, he heard footsteps again in the yard. They came nearer and even nearer. What had the farmer forgotten? The latch clattered, and the door opened. Framed against the daylight was the farmer. He was pointing a shotgun. He uttered a string of Russian words, nothing McBride could understand. But he guessed the game was up. He shook Ben and stood up amongst the bales.
“Don’t shoot, please,” he said as he held his hands above his head. Ben stood unsteadily beside him and raised his arms.
Chapter Twelve
Morton was writing a report, head bent over the keyboard, totally absorbed in the task. He was suddenly aware of a shadow and looked up, squinting sideways into the sun from the window.
“Oh, it’s you, Len. Good morning,” said Morton, greeting his boss Baxter. It was Morton’s second week at head office after returning from his Manchester posting. There was another chair in the cubicle, in case he had a visitor, like now. There were five other cubicles similar to his own in the office.
“Sit down, sit down,” he said and waved toward his visitor chair. Baxter sat and lounged back. In one hand he held a grey cardboard file, so slim it could be empty.
“How are you settling in?” asked Baxter, obviously not very interested in the answer.
“Okay,” said Morton. “Have you brought me something?”
“This decoded email came in to six on the Russian desk only this morning. They want some information from us. I thought you might be interested, because it’s about your old shipmate.”
“Have I got a shipmate?” Morton had lost the thread. Where had someone said shipmate recently? McBride of course. “Oh, McBride.”
“Yes, John McBride. The bloke who was on that cruise ship, what was it called – The Helena? At least six think that’s who he is. Thought you might confirm it.” He dropped the file on the desk. “Have a look at it, and come past my office when you have.” And Baxter rose from the chair and slouched off.
Morton picked up the file and dropped it on his own side of the desk. He opened it. Two sheets of paper, the thinnest file he had ever seen in MI5. The first sheet was the message, as decoded.
Decoded email from St Petersburg office. Received 0731 2nd October 2015
Reference 06-11-53489100
Subject escaped English prisoners. West Russian sector St Petersburg/Anchorage
We have reports that two English prisoners escaped from a prison camp in this sector. We have not identified the camp position, but it is rumoured to contain approx. one hundred English or UK citizens.
The men have been free for approx.. 48 hours, and are being sought by SVR who have tightened security in the area. There has also been some military activity on a small scale.
It is thought the fugitives are making for the border near St Petersburg. We intend to keep a watching brief and give clandestine help if needed.
Attached is a copy of a wanted notice, which was photographed at a local railway station. Identification not known.
Head of St Petersburg Station.
Morton flicked over the page. A photograph showed a ‘wanted poster’ not very well photographed. There was large Cyrillic script, and two photographs, both of men looking serious. One of the men was certainly McBride. Didn’t McBride say he was looking for some guy? The other picture was of a young man, maybe not even thirty, a bit gaunt-looking. Which he would be if he’d spent some time in a prison camp. McBride had worked fast if he’d got to Russia, and on his way out, according to the email. He had only seen McBride about a month ago, maybe less.
He really was a genuine guy, and still defying the odds. He would get himself killed the way he acted. He put the papers back in the file, got up and made his way into the corridor. Baxter occupied the smallest office Morton had ever seen with only room for a small desk, two chairs, and a single narrow filing cabinet.
Morton knocked and walked in without waiting. He caught Baxter standing looking out of the window and scratching his arse. Baxter swung round, and relaxed when he saw who he was. Morton put the file on the desk.
“You are right. It is McBride. The young bloke, he must be the man that he rescued. He told me about it when he came to see me in Manchester. A freelance investigative reporter. His sister reported his absence to the police. Up in Yorkshire somewhere. You could get his name from --  hang on, why do you want his, or even both names? What good does that do?”
“Six wants the names for their files.”
“Does it matter?”
“Yes, keeps the records straight. They might be just making the stories up otherwise. Somebody has to check.”
“What a load of bollocks. Six, and, I suppose Five, might as well not exist.”
Baxter looked grave.
“The files have to be complete. “
“I’ve half a mind to resign on the spot. This is like playing at cowboys and indians.”
“Go away and think about it Michael. Don’t be too hasty. Think of the salary, and the mega pension at the end of it.”
Morton went back to his cubicle, switched off his computer, locked his desk, and walked out of the building.
He looked at his watch as he walked down the stairs. Midday. He may as well get lunch. He knew he would return to his desk, and carry on working for Five. He hated himself for not having the guts to get out.
Chapter Thirteen
McBride felt the sweat trickle down his chest under his shirt. The man with the shotgun stood unmoving against the light. His face was in darkness so that it was impossible to see his expression. The sun glinted on the double barrels of the gun. McBride thought they had been in this impasse for about five minutes, but it was probably less.
The farmer suddenly lowered the gun and gestured with it. A universal signal which said come out of there. McBride reached back, clutched at Ben’s sleeve to hold him up as they edged out between the hay bales. The farmer backed away, still ready to bring the gun up for firing. He was twitchy and this worried McBride. A lot of guns get fired accidentally, but accidents still kill people.
They were out in the sun standing in the yard, blinking at the daylight, Ben leaning heavily on McBride to keep his foot off the ground. The farmer eyed them, maybe working out that the lame one couldn’t walk without support. He waved his gun again, in the direction of the farmhouse, and McBride and Ben started to stumble in that direction.
McBride could understand the farmer’s reluctance to shoot them in the barn, spattering the hay with blood and entrails. Cows were strict vegetarians, and all the hay would have gone to waste. Out here no such restrictions applied, so he was becoming optimistic on the chances of staying alive in the short term. He was still trying to work out why the farmer wanted them in the house. Was there a price on their heads? Could be, he didn’t know the customs of this strange country. When he was in the army, all that was taken care of. They were issued with maps, attended lectures on customs, even being given phrase books in the local language. Whatever country they were being posted to. But Russia was never on the list.
They reached the door of the farm. The man stood well back, still pointing the shotgun. He mimed using the door-knocker. The door was bright red, and in the centre was a brass hinged knocker. Looking back at the farmer, McBride reached for the knocker, and gave three loud knocks. The farmer nodded.
Sounds of footsteps on a bare wooden floor from inside and then the door opened slowly to reveal a stocky woman with fair hair, not pretty but pleasant looking. She quickly took in the scene, shouted something at the farmer, in Russian. The farmer replied.
The woman then looked at McBride: “English, le francais -- ?”
“English,” replied McBride. The woman’s face lit up and she gave him a smile.
“Welcome to our house, please come in.” It was spoken in immaculate English.
She shouted over McBride’s shoulder something in Russian to the man, who put the safety catch on the gun, and put it butt down beside him, holding it gently by the barrels.
McBride led the way into the house behind the woman closely followed by Ben who put his hand against the wall of the hallway to support himself. The man followed last and shut the door behind him.
The woman led them into a large kitchen, with a table in the middle. It smelled of bread-making, and McBride felt extremely hungry. There was a huge stove standing in an alcove, giving out heat. Standing by it was a range, solid fuel by the looks of it. The woman pulled round two of the dining chairs to face the stove and indicated that they should sit. The man took the seat to the left of the fire, obviously his normal position, with the woman sitting at the other side of the stove.
“I am so pleased to meet you,” she said, “Because I don’t have many chances to speak your language. I used to be a teacher of English in Moscow before we turned to farming. My husband cannot speak the language, you see.” The husband suddenly spoke to his wife.
“My husband wants to know why you were in the hay barn?”
Ben looked at McBride to reply. “We were resting. As you can see, my friend has twisted his ankle and has difficulty walking.”
The woman looked down at Ben’s ankle, roughly bound in a vest, smeared with mud. The man spoke again.
“Now my husband wants to know where you are coming from, and also going to when you leave?”
McBride quickly ran through some options mentally, and then decided. Shit or bust.
“We are trying to get to St Petersburg. We hope we are going in the right direction. We have been detained in a prison camp, and we broke out. We only want to go home to England.”
“You don’t look dangerous.” She eyed them up. “Dirty perhaps, but not dangerous. Dangerous is how you are being described by the police.”
McBride breathed a mental sigh of relief. He had guessed right. Honesty was the best policy.
She spoke to her husband, presumably updating him and he, in turn, spoke to her. She spoke again to him, shaking her head.
“My husband asks why you were in a prison camp. What had you done wrong?”
“We were captured in our own country by Russians. It is a long story, but they transported us on a container ship to St Petersburg, and then to the prison camp. We were never tortured or ill-treated, but just detained. This is Ben, and I am John. I should have introduced myself sooner. Ben’s sister asked me to find her brother, Ben. So I did, and now I am trying to get him home.”
“I am Olga, and my husband Andrei. I believe your story. Our president has been good for our people, and our lives have improved immensely since he came to power. But I also know that he can do rather odd things amongst our neighbours.
“But now you must be hungry. I can get you a late breakfast, and after that if you are tired, I will make up a spare bed in the attic. The rooms were used by our sons before they grew up and left home.” She beamed at them.
She then spoke with her husband, a fairly long conversation, and at the end, she was asking him for some favour, McBride was sure. She looked back at McBride.
“Andrei takes organic food to the market in St Petersburg. We can get very good prices there, so it is worth the trip. Fuel is very cheap in Russia, and I can run the farm whilst Andrei is away. It takes about four hours, so he can be there and back in one day, if he gets up early. We have what you call it, a pick-up truck, yes. He can hide you amongst the sacks, and drop you off in the city outskirts. So you can stay here until the day after tomorrow, get some rest, and I will dress your friend’s ankle.” She then got up and bustled round the stove.
McBride beamed at the pleasant woman and her still suspicious husband, pleased with the outcome and relaxed in his chair. “Is there anything we can do to help you?” he said.
“Just rest there, your meal will be ready in short time. It is just some soup and bread. And we have some of our home-grown pears.”

The meal was put on the table a huge tureen of thick soup with the obligatory beetroot added. Olga ladled the soup into bowls for them both. They had big chunks of bread, baked that very morning.
“If you want some more soup, please help yourself.”
They both ate ravenously; each had second helpings of soup. Olga cut some more bread for them. Andrei disappeared, presumably to do some farm work. Olga fussed around them like a mother hen.
“Now you will be wanting to have a bath, and after that perhaps a sleep. Come with me, and I will show you the bedroom and bathroom.
They followed her up the narrow staircase to the next storey, and then up an even narrower set of stairs to the attic. She opened a door on the left, to reveal a bedroom with two single beds and a dormer window overlooking the farm yard. She went over to a cupboard, pulling out a pile of crisp white sheets and blankets and made the beds, the two men helping her.
“There you are. It is soon done. The bathroom for you is straight across the passage. There is plenty of hot water, because we have oil central heating. When you have had a rest come down to the kitchen.” She left them; McBride could hear her heavy tread on the stairs.
“Well, looks as though we’ve fallen on our feet again,” he said.
“I was surprised you told her the truth.”
“It was touch and go. But the right thing, since the police had already called. Since you are about to have a bath, get the dressing off your leg, and I’ll have another look at it.”
Ben sat down on what he obviously chosen as his bed, and unwrapped the dirty vest round his ankle. The skin underneath was also mud stained, but not so swollen as before.
“That is good, the swelling going down. By tomorrow, or the day after, you will be able to walk on it. You use the bath first.”
When Ben had gone, McBride went over to the window and looked down over the farm yard. He could only see the far edge, due to the overhanging eaves. There were chickens roaming free, and ducks, too. A short gravel lane led maybe a hundred yards to the asphalt road. Only one vehicle passed along the road while McBride watched. He could only see one other building, and that must be two or three miles away. If the police came back, they should get some warning. He tested the window, which opened outward, a single pane, the window perhaps three feet square. The window opened easily, and McBride leaned out into the cold air. Above was unbroken cloud cover. He looked at the surrounding roof. Not a big pitch, one could step out and lie on the roof higher up. They would be out of sight from the farmyard, but not from the road. Unless they climbed over the ridge.
His thoughts were interrupted by the door opening, and Ben entering in his underwear, carrying his other clothes.
Meanwhile McBride took his turn in the bath. When he returned in thirty minutes, he was clean-shaven. But Ben was asleep on his bed. McBride had been looking forward to his comments. He felt better without the stubble which since he left the prison had become a fairly wild beard. He could understand the farmer’s actions confronted by a wild man. He lay down on his bed, and fell asleep immediately.
Ben was shaking him. At first he didn’t know where he was.
“Hey, it’s way past lunchtime.”
McBride sat up in bed, surveyed the room, the white walls and patterned curtains. Even an icon on one of the walls. “I suppose we ought to go down to the kitchen,” he conceded.
When the men walked into the kitchen, Olga was cooking. She looked up and smiled.
“What a difference, you look civilised. And John, you have lost your beard. Ben, I have some crepe bandage to dress your ankle. Will you sit down and put your foot on this chair here?” She patted the seat, reached over the table for the bandage and set to work. Just as she put the last safety pin into the dressing, a phone rang. The mobile that sat on the shelf over the stove. She stepped across to answer it. She listened without speaking and switched the phone off.
“That was my husband, the police are returning, he is working up the road in our fields. Quick, quick, go to your room, hide everything in the cupboard, make sure the beds are made. As soon as the police car turns into the yard, get out of the window, and up the roof. Don’t forget to close the window. You have about one minute.”
Almost before she had stopped talking they were on their way racing up the stairs.
Chapter Fourteen
Ben scurried round picking up their possessions, shovelling them into the cupboard. The beds had already been remade before they went downstairs.
McBride meanwhile had been watching through the dormer window, standing well back so that the police wouldn’t see him through the glass.
They were coming down the road from the right, both the police car, and behind it an old tractor blowing black smoke from the vertical exhaust pipe. Presumably Andrei. And the police car was moving slowly so that the tractor could keep up. Clever trick of Andrei’s to give a few more minutes’ grace.
The police car’s indicator started to flash, and the car drove on to the gravel road. Immaculately polished super clean white Ford Focus, with cobalt blue thick stripes down the sides, red shields painted on the front doors, and United States style light bar across the roof. There were two occupants. Then he lost sight of the vehicle beneath the eaves of the roof. The tractor chugged its way at its own speed, and it was Andrei on the machine.
McBride flung the dormer window wide.
“Ben, pronto. Climb out onto the roof. It’s easy; the roof isn’t steep so you won’t slide down. I’ll be right behind you. Get to the ridge, crawling.”
Ben climbed out gingerly, not surprising in view of his injured ankle and climbed until he was out of McBride’s sight, who then quickly climbed out himself, squatting beside the dormer frame, reaching round to grab the window, lift the latch and push the window shut. As it met the frame, he heard the catch fall to lock the window. Good and bad, thought McBride. They couldn’t get back in, but it reinforced the idea that nobody had left that way.
He looked up the roof and saw Ben astride the roof ridge. Too noticeable.
He whispered “Lie down on the other side, hold on to the ridge with your fingers.”
Whilst Ben was doing this, McBride was demonstrating, and they lay side by side. McBride looked down and dormer window on this side was just below their feet. The bathroom window, of course. Still no-one leaning out of this window would be able to spot them, the dormer roof shielded them.
The corrugated steel sheets were painted a dull red, probably a lead primer paint. They were warm, maybe bad insulation. It was pleasant lying there. McBride heard the police rap on the door, and Olga opening it, and asking them in, presumably. McBride had still not picked up any of the language. The door opened again, presumably Andrei. For a while they could hear nothing. Then the heavy tread of people mounting the stairs. After a while the sound of people on the staircase, this time going down. Then the outside door opening, conversation in the yard. Olga and Andrei’s voices and the policemen. Some laughter. Like people leaving a party. McBride whispered to Ben not to move. As long as they kept on this side of the house, they were invisible from the road. No sound of the car starting. They were going to search the outbuildings of course. Steps rang out as the police walked to the barns on the other side of the yard. Doors were opened, the police talking to Andrei. Sounded like questions, but the tone was friendly. McBride looked along the roof over to the left. He couldn’t even see the roof of the barns. They were safe if they stayed where they were.
Time dragged a bit for McBride. The search of the barns took ages. Sometimes they heard barn doors creaking, sometimes questions being asked. Cows lowed at being disturbed. He could also hear their hooves on the concrete as they became restless.
Just when McBride was dozing off, he heard the police car fire up and drive off. He cautiously raised his head above the ridge, to catch a glimpse of the police car vanish in the distance. He worked his way cautiously down to the gutter, and assessed the proximity of the trees in the orchard. The largest grew nearest to the roof. It was tall and extremely old, certainly older than the house. It was lucky that it hadn’t been chopped down when the house was built. Maybe its fruit was prolific. Anyway, it was also lucky for McBride. He leaned cautiously over and caught hold of a small branch, he pulled hard, and a second branch that would bear his weight, he hoped, came close enough to put a foot on. Then McBride was off the roof, and climbing down the tree, almost like going down a ladder, except he had to jump the last four feet. He looked up from the ground.
“If you don’t think you can do it Ben, just hang on and I’ll come upstairs and open the window.”
Ben was looking confident. “No, I’ll come down your way.” Which he did.
The door to the farmhouse was open. As they approached Andrei and Olga came out beaming and Olga took Ben’s hand and danced him round the yard.
“We did it, we did it.” She chanted in time with the dance steps.

They met round the dinner table that evening. Olga told them that Andrei saw the police car coming, and waved from his tractor. The police car pulled up in the road, and the driver beckoned him. The police driver said that they had been told to search all the houses again, because the SVR thought they maybe had searched too early. So they were sorry but they would now search the farm. Andrei, Olga proudly said, had delayed them by asking if he could come back with them. As soon as they said yes, and drove off after waiting for him to come out on the road he had phoned his wife. Andrei winked at the men, he knew she was telling good things about him.
They chatted whilst they ate their food, and Olga said she was frightened when the police climbed the stairs, in case McBride and Ben hadn’t been quick enough to get on to the roof. She came up behind the police. They went straight to the bedroom window, but it was locked. So they knew no one had left that way. McBride grinned and thought how lucky they had been. Attention to detail paid off.

The next day, McBride and Ben got out of their beds when they heard the couple moving about downstairs. They joined them for breakfast, and McBride offered to help Andrei on the farm that day, whilst Ben offered to help round the house.
McBride went out of the house with Andrei, and the first job was to feed the cows. Quite satisfying humping bales of hay about. Next was slopping out which was not so pleasant. They shovelled the shit into barrows, wheeled away to be dropped into a deep pit, where it would be used for fertiliser next season. They then swilled the floor with a hosepipe, and spread fresh straw. The barn smelled better for it. When they came back out into the yard, Ben was carrying eggs on trays back into the house. The hens had been left to peck in the yard, the door to their coop let down for them to emerge.
McBride was keen to go in the fields with Andrei, but he shook his head. There might be a faint chance that the police car might drive by. So when Andrei climbed on to his tractor, McBride went back into the farmhouse, and found Olga and Ben having elevenses at the kitchen table. Tea and what looked like scones.
He was asked to join them. Olga had questions for them.
“When Andrei takes you to Saint Petersburg tomorrow, what will you do? Hope to leave by boat or train? I ask you this because on the radio I heard that the police are looking for you at the stations and boat terminals.”
McBride pondered. This was not what he had expected. They must be very keen to get them. “I must say I hadn’t thought a lot about it. Obviously we haven’t any papers or passports. Maybe we should go the British Consulate?”
“I think the SVR will be making sure that you don’t get there,” said Olga. “They will pick you up off the street, and you will be back in prison.”
“What do you think we should do?”
“I honestly do not know,” said Olga. “Andrei will drop you off at the last, what you would call a …” she searched for the word, “…service area, but it is hardly that. Just an open space off the road, with the samovar ladies serving tea, and a large toilet block. It is on the M10. That is the Moscow to Saint Petersburg road, but it is laughable to call it a motorway. Now they are building a new road alongside it, called the M11, but it is only open for a length at the Moscow end. So in the meantime no repairs get done on the M10. From the service area, you can walk down the spur road next to it, go under the flyover and onto the city. It is a long walk, however.”
“Perhaps we could walk to one of the Balkan State borders.”
“I do not know about that. I think it would be a long way.”

Next morning Andrei did some farm work early, but they were on the road by nine o’clock. Ben and McBride both in the load area surrounded by sacks of potatoes and cabbages. The eggs rode in the cab. They both waved to Olga as they left, then snuggled down out of the wind. Ben held a large bacon and egg pie made by Olga the night before, and given to them to nourish them on their journey. At first they were driving down small lanes and over bridges across rivers. Then they joined the M10, and the road surface was terrible, the truck hitting large potholes when Andrei was unable to avoid them due to traffic in the adjacent lane. Speed was restricted because Andrei was afraid of blowing a tyre. They should have been in St Petersburg by one o’clock, but it was two o’clock before the Nissan pick-up turned off the road and into the service area, pulling up between two heavy trucks already parked there.
McBride heard Andrei get out of the cab, the crash of his door closing. He banged on the side of the truck. McBride sat up and saw that Andrei was beckoning them out. Ben, with ruffled head of hair emerged from between the sacks. They climbed out, and dropped to the ground. McBride surveyed the parking area. Old ladies selling tea from Samovars. Amazing. The smoke of solid fuel mixed with the steam from the urns topped with the teapot. A few truck drivers stood around sipping their drinks. At the back of the area was a huge toilet facility. He knew what it was, because there was an English translation on the wall. He saw one of the Samovar ladies speaking into a mobile phone. If it wasn’t for that, and the internal combustion engines, it was a scene from a century ago, from the old samovars, many gleaming silver, and the bulky dress of the ladies, their dark weather-beaten stoic faces.
Andrei tugged at McBride’s arm, and pointed to a spur road leading off the M10. He then made walking gestures with his fingers. McBride nodded that he understood. Andrei swung round, and climbed back into the truck, immediately driving back onto the M10, trailed by a cloud of black diesel smoke.
Chapter Fifteen
The Consulate-General of the United Kingdom in Saint Petersburg is located at Place Proletarskoy Dictatury 5, a huge stone building designed by one of the city’s finest architects. At one time an art school, now a consulate in an area dominated by the cathedral and by government buildings. Most embassies are in the area, too.
At nine o’clock in the morning, just as McBride set out in the back of the Nissan truck from the farm, a meeting was taking place in one of the elegant rooms. Around a table sat two MI6 agents. The senior was Malcolm Smith or Smitzy to his friends. The other agent was Nigel Blair-Johnson. Also in attendance was a young attaché secretary to take notes if necessary, or told not to by Smitzy.
That morning they had received a bulky file from London labelled John McBride. And a flimsy file labelled Ben Stockton. They had come over in the diplomatic bag, via MI5.
Smitzy had handed the large file to Nigel half an hour ago, and had himself glanced at the small file. Stockton’s file contained copies of his birth certificate and his passport.
“Well, Nigel, what can you tell us about John McBride? Just a précis. Isn’t he that artist bloke?” Smitzy had a broad Yorkshire accent.
“So it says here,” said Nigel in his rounded public school accent. “Was in the SAS Regiment, went into the services straight from sixth form to Sandhurst, then to the SAS. He took part in the Iraq war, well, before it actually. The SAS were dropped in to report on weapons of mass destruction. Remember that do you? Clever trick by Blair to start a war. Premiers go into the history books by the wars they lead, eh?”
“Get on with it Nigel.”
“Well the most interesting point is that he did a lot of yacht sailing in his youth. His Pa was a member of The Royal Bridlington Yacht Club. Sea sailing. Could be useful. He also sailed dinghies when he was in the SAS. Inter-regimental competition standard.”
“The only thing you pick out of that huge file is the sailing aspect. Just because you sail.”
“You would rather I told you what famous paintings he did, and how much they get at auctions? I can do that if you’ve got the time to listen. You asked for a précis.
“Look, I’ve got a plan to get them out of Russia. At the moment I’ve primed the samovar girls in the most likely spots where they might get dropped off. I think they will be hitching. I would. So if they do get out of a truck, one of the girls will phone, if I’m quick I can reach them with my car and bring them here. We issue them with temporary passports, as we’ve discussed in the last meeting, and I will take them down to the Royal Yacht Club where you know I’ve got a boat.”
“You’re going to sell him it?”
“You bastard. I’m going to lend him it.” He spoiled his magnanimous gesture by adding, “It’s well insured. I could say that it was stolen.”
Smitzy turned to the girl with notebook. “Don’t write any of this down. Yet.”
“Of course, Six might pay me a charter fee. Will you suggest that? It will look tight-fisted coming from me.” Nigel tried hard to keep a straight face. Smitzy was so easy to wind up. Smitzy ignored the joke, if that is what it was.
“It’s nearly ten o’clock, and I’ve got other work to do. Get on to London and see if they’re happy with the plan. If they are, then do it.”
He turned to the girl. “Get the notes written up, and bring them to my office for editing.” He gathered his papers from the table, pushed them into a file, and went out of the room.
“He gets so uptight,” Nigel said to the girl, whose knickers he would love to get into. “It’s lack of upbringing that does that. Oh, by the way, would you like me to take you to dinner tomorrow night?”
She looked up at him. “I’ll ask my boyfriend, can we both come?”
Nigel smiled and shook his head. Nothing fazed him.

At eleven, Nigel left the Consulate in his new Jaguar, only delivered earlier in the year and therefore still fun to drive. This didn’t mean that MI6 operatives are well paid. They aren’t, although there is a pension at the end. Inflation proofed, of course. Nigel was from a wealthy family and had a private income. And Daddy had bought him the yacht. And the car, come to that.
Nigel was concerned about McBride. He should be in St Petersburg by now. The prison camp, he believed, lay not much more than two hundred miles to the west. Any soldier should be able to march twenty five miles every day, or in this case probably every night. They would need to lay up during daylight. So it should take them not more than eight days. Take off two days that they should have saved by hitching lifts, or stowing away in lorries. In Nigel’s estimation if they didn’t arrive today then one of two things had happened.
Firstly, maybe they weren’t heading here. Could be trying to get over the border into say, Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania. Or maybe they had headed to Moscow. No, he couldn’t believe they would be stupid enough to do that. Secondly, they may have had difficulties with river crossings. There was a third proposition. They were dead, overtaken by some accident, their bodies not to be found for years.
He drove carefully out of the Consulate car park, and turned west, cruising comfortably through the traffic which was not busy at this time of day. He made for a favourite restaurant to grab an early lunch. He felt maybe life would get busy later on. If McBride and his buddy arrived.
He ate a light lunch at More, the Italian restaurant at the Yacht Club complex. There was a private car park at the yacht club, only $5 a day. After he had eaten, he walked down to look at his boat. He ought to move it to the guest moorings, if they were going to lend it to McBride.  His mobile phone rang. It was Lada, one of his samovar spies.
She said, “Nigel, two men have just climbed from the back of a pick-up truck. They are your men I think. One is about thirty, the other about forty and dark haired. They are walking down through the underpass, I am following them.”
Bingo! This was a good lead. Lada worked the services off the M10, and that was the most likely route for the men.
“Listen, I will be there in five minutes, keep following them. And don’t tell
Viktor.”
“Who is this Viktor?”
“The other man who is paying you for information.”
He turned the phone off. Viktor was his counterpart in the SVR. He happened to know she worked both sides, but she was the best in the business. He drove fast and skilfully and was at the underpass in four minutes after speaking to Lada. He spotted her immediately, waddling sedately along. She saw his car and pointed. He looked further up the road. The two men were walking abreast, both with rucksacks. He drove past them and stopped by the side of the road about a hundred yards further on. He opened his car door, and stepped out on to the pavement, leaning against the back door of his car. He kept his hands in view, well away from his pockets.
As they approached he smiled. “Mr McBride, a very good day to you. I am waiting to take you to the UK Consulate.”
McBride eyed him with suspicion. “Have you any documentation?”
“Of course, my wallet is in my jacket pocket, left hand side. You may reach in and take it out. If I had a gun in there you could shoot me.” His eyes twinkled. He lifted his left arm well clear. McBride reached forward and withdrew the wallet. He opened it, and studied the Consulate pass inside.
He handed it to Nigel. “That seems okay, Mr Blair-Johnson.”
“Right, jump into my car. Both of you in the back, if you don’t mind. The dark windows will conceal you somewhat from your enemies.” Nigel got into the driving seat, and immediately pulled out into the traffic.
“My informant, who you will have worked out is one of the samovar ladies, also informs a man called Viktor, who works for the SVR. That way she gets paid twice. It is lucky that I got to you first. I would rather that Viktor didn’t see me, although he will guess what has happened, when he can’t find you.”
“Nice car,” said McBride, sinking into the white leather seats, stroking the walnut door inserts. “Is it a company vehicle?”
“Hardly. Mondeos is all that the department can rustle up. Pool cars, so you don’t even get to drive them off duty. Don’t worry, our government is looking after the pennies.”
“While they squander the pounds,” said McBride. Nigel chuckled.
After a while, and several junctions and traffic lights negotiated, Nigel announced that the building to their left was the Consulate. McBride and Ben looked up at the imposing facade.
“I’m allowed to turn into the courtyard, which is down here, when I have what the department call sensitive guests.” He pulled into an archway, and up to a pole barrier, striped with red paint on white. A small sentry box decanted a man in navy blue uniform who looked at Nigel, waved and then raised the barrier. Nigel parked in a marked bay next to a Ford Mondeo, and opened the back door of his car.
“Come in and get your temporary passports. I’m guessing you haven’t got any with you?”
McBride said, “I didn’t have time to collect mine before I left England in a hurry.”
“Same here,” said Ben.
They followed Nigel through a door into a wide corridor, and took another door on the left, and entered a doctor’s or hospital waiting room. At least that is what it looked like. Banks of linked seating, upholstered in medium blue with a pattern which disguised any soiling. Across on the other side, it looked like a post office counter. Lots of bulletproof glass, small apertures to speak through, and stainless steel trays let into the counter where documents could be transferred. And money, too presumably. There were no electronic scales of course, so the resultant space was for applicants to sign their forms. The room was sparsely populated by several hippy type young adults, and some middle aged couples who may have been Russians seeking English visas.
Nigel stood in the entrance with McBride and Ben until a member of the counter staff shouted “Next”, and Nigel approached the counter with speed that defeated the hippy who was actually next. The hippy glared and mumbled some oath before sitting down in his seat.
“Hello Mark,” said Nigel, “I want you to process these two guys with temporary passports within the hour if you can. Their birth certificates and photostats of previous passports came in the diplomatic bag this morning. Names of John McBride, that’s the big guy here, and Ben Stockton.”
He turned to the two. “If you’re processed before I’m back, just sit here and wait, if you would.”
As Nigel was walking down the corridor to his office, he met Smitzy coming the other way.
“Got McBride and Stockton, you’ll be pleased to know. I’ve left them getting their temporary passports.”
“Well done,” said Smith. “Oh, by the way, I asked London about your charter idea. You didn’t expect that, did you?’
“No, I didn’t. Did they tell you to fuck off?”
“They said they would pay you the price of four single airfares Moscow to Heathrow. Two for the escapees, and two for minders.”
“Very good, I owe you one. That will be eight hundred times four, three thousand two hundred, eh?”
“You forget. The department gets discounted tickets. Two thousand eight hundred.”
“I’ll use it to get some charter insurance.”
He picked up the phone as soon as he reached his office, got a line and phoned his broker in London. He explained that he wanted to charter his boat for a couple of weeks. He knew the client, had checked him out, grew up sailing yachts like his, sailed in competition dinghy sailing during his military career, and would be accompanied by another crew. The broker went away briefly came back onto the phone, told him one thousand three hundred pounds, and he must tell them when the charter started and finished.
“It starts this afternoon actually. It will be in the Baltic, possible the North Sea, too.” They said they would send him the bill.
He did some work on his inbox, mostly files he had to read and initial, or rather in Nigel’s case to scan before initialling the rubber stamped grid. He looked at his watch. The men had been in the waiting room for over an hour. He had better go and rescue them.
McBride was reading The Dalesman, he was after all a Yorkshireman. Ben had a copy of Country Living, and looked bored.
“Got your passports?”
“Yes. Christ the cost could go towards paying off the national debt.”
“Did you have any money?”
“A debit card that I smuggled with me, and kept in my sock. Old soldier’s trick.”
Nigel smiled. “You can have an early evening meal on me, at the yacht club. Oh, I didn’t tell you, did I? The idea is, I am going to lend you my yacht. Then you can either sail to say Stockholm, or even to Britain if you wish. Well, to be honest the department, that is Six, if you hadn’t guessed is chartering from me. By the time I’ve paid the extra insurance, it’s no big deal. So I’ll take you down to the club, we’ll have a look at the boat, we can take it round to the visitors’ berths. It will allow me to show you the ropes, so to speak. Then we dine, and you push off into the night.”
“Sounds good to me,” said McBride. “What experience have you got Ben?”
“Absolutely none. I throw up on the Dover to Calais ferry, even if it’s calm.”
“Well, this trip will either cure you, or make you a lot thinner.”

On the way to the yacht club, while they waited for a red light, Viktor’s car pulled up alongside. Viktor instantly recognised the car. As far as he knew it was the only one in Saint Petersburg. The only white one, anyway. He glanced across and could see passengers on the back seat, vague shadows through the tinted glass.
Viktor put two and two together, and when the lights changed, he pulled in behind the Jaguar, one car between them. There was some horn blowing, so he retaliated, but that was what driving was about in this city.
Chapter Sixteen
Viktor saw Nigel pull his car into the centre lane to turn left. He immediately indicated a left turn, but the car in front pulled up due to heavy traffic ahead.
By the time Viktor turned his car into the Yacht Club carpark, he saw that the Jaguar was parked in one of the marked restaurant spaces, and Nigel was walking into the building with a couple of men. They matched the description of the prisoners, as far as he could tell from this distance.
Viktor knew this was the only way out of the club. They were on an island in the river. He was quite content to wait in his car until they left after their meal. He parked further down the line and in the next row. That way he could see the Jaguar without straining. In his line of work, Viktor was used to waiting. He liked the solitude, and whilst he was watching, he couldn’t do anything else, so his mind, normally full of things he hadn’t done and must do immediately, emptied.
***
Nigel said, ‘This club used to be called the Saint Petersburg Royal Yacht Club, because it was patronised by the Tsar, in the days before the Revolution. Since then it has changed its name a time or two, but I always call it by its old name. The restaurant is leased out, but it is one of the best in Saint Petes. Before we go there, let me show you the boat, and we’ll take it over to the visitors’ berths, which will show you a bit about the handling, though we won’t have the sails up.”
They walked down the path, and now McBride could see the width of the river, and the buildings on the other side. The pontoons were crowded with yachts, and looking back, McBride saw the yacht clubhouse, all the windows overlooking the boats, and alongside what must be the restaurant. Nigel led them onto a pontoon, and halfway along stopped and held his hand out, pointing.
“This is my pride and joy, Belinda. Thirty footer, inboard diesel engine, Bermuda rig plus spinnaker, but I must ask you not to put that out. You’ll really motor just with the mainsail and jib. I can handle it by myself, it’s got auto reefing, auto-pilot come to that. But to do a long trip, even to Stockholm you need to be doing watches. It will take you about eighteen hours at least, to Stockholm. Come aboard, and I’ll show you round. We are in a hurry now, I have to tell you, because the SVR tagged me, and their car followed me into the carpark.”
“So, already they will be searching the club?” McBride looked round instinctively.
“No. Viktor thinks to himself: I will wait here and catch them when they come back to climb into the car. He thinks there is no other way off the island, but he doesn’t remember this is a yacht club, the stupid man. He thinks this way because he got into a lot of trouble with the club, and his superiors, when he had a gun battle in the restaurant. The Commodore was furious. He has banned Viktor ever coming back.”
“Even so, we shouldn’t take too many risks,” said Ben.
“Believe me, there is no risk. Just half an hour to show you the boat, and take it round to the visitors’ berths, and one hour to have a light meal in the restaurant. I want to ask you a few questions about the gulag while we are eating. When you have left I will stay in the bar, give you a couple of hours to get well away, into the Baltic. I don’t think they will undertake a search by plane or boat. There is a tightening of state expenditure, so I doubt they will risk incurring Mr Putin’s wrath. What they will do, however, is alert the SVR operatives in all the Baltic countries to watch for a yacht landing. So, be warned.”
“I think that is something we can handle. Or maybe we will sail straight to Scotland. How long do you think that will take?”
“Depends on the weather, it can be bad in the winter. If the weather stays good, maybe seven days, or even six. It must be over 1,000 miles.”
Whilst they were talking, Nigel had been climbing onto the yacht, and they had followed him. They now all stood in the cockpit. In the manner of yachts, there was a large helmsman’s wheel to one side of the cabin hatchway, and a deck mounted stool if the helmsman wanted to sit. The deck was curved from side to side, so that all waves that came aboard would run off immediately. The rails became solid steel walls back from the cabin, giving some weather protection to the helmsman.
“Okay. There’s the compass, there’s the switch for the autopilot. I don’t use it often, only if I want to take a slash over the side. Or if I need to fetch something out of the cabin, a cup of tea or something. That’s when I’m single-handed. Over here on the starboard side there’s a cupboard.” He opened it. “Oilskins, even a hood. And clipped up here at the top, a couple of distress rockets.”
Nigel pulled some keys out of his pocket, opened the hatchway. “It’s a bit of a squeeze down here, all yachts are, I’m afraid. There’s a couple of bunks forward, and another two even further forward, but they’re for pigmies I think. Then there’s the rope locker way up in the bows. Galley is here, and on the other side a chart table. All the charts are in drawers below the table. All the Baltic, but none for Scotland, I’m afraid. The one clipped to the table here covers the river and the bay. Oh, access to the engine is a trap door in the cockpit floor. When you start it, look over the port side and check the cooling water is coming out. The filler cap is here, in the deck. There’s thirty gallons in the tank, about fifteen hours’ worth. There are two spare cans lashed to the rails in the bows. Come on, McBride, show us how to handle this girl.”
McBride started the engine, looked over the side to check the cooling water, got Ben to cast off, and nudged the boat out into channel between the pontoons. When the boat was approaching the end, he said, “Which way to the visitor pontoons?”
“Upstream.” Nigel went forward to the bows, checking for river traffic. When they had motored maybe fifty yards, he was pointing to the pontoon with the visitors’ berths. McBride made a smooth turn, and then inched in between two more boats, a space indicated by Nigel. McBride knocked the lever into neutral, and as Nigel stepped on to the pontoon, the boat was stationary, it’s fenders a whisker away from the wooden planks.
Nigel tied up. “Excellent, McBride. You are a sailor.”
They all walked back up the path to the restaurant. When they got through the door it was obvious that Nigel was a valued customer. The maître-de rushed across with his hand out.
“Signore, so pleased to see you. And twice in one day, magnifico. You want a table for three, yes? Come, we have your table free at the moment. I will change people about, later on.”
“It may not be necessary, Pietro. We have limited time, so we will only be having one course.”
Seated, Pietro brought aperitifs for everyone, and menus.
“I hope you don’t mind me debriefing you, starting now,” Nigel said.
“No problems,” said McBride, sipping his drink. “Fire away.”
“This camp contains only British prisoners?”
McBride looked at Ben to answer. “That’s right.”
They were interrupted with the waiter fetching the menus. Nigel ordered without looking at his, waited for the others, made suggestions as to what he had found good. The waiter went away.
“How long do you think the camp has been running?”
Ben said, “Well, I have only been there about six or eight months, but some had been there a long time even then. Someone told me he had been there six months then, when there were only about ten prisoners.”
“So for about eighteen months, maybe.” Nigel pondered. “That fits in with the fracking protests getting under way.”
Ben nodded. “I was investigating that, for a series of articles in The Daily Mail. They were very keen to reveal who was behind it. Apart from the Green Party, and the Friends of the Earth. When I was gathering information, I was asked to join the protesters. The Russians thought I was unemployed and offered me two hundred pounds a week, cash, to live in a tent there. They even bought me the tent. To be fair, the Greens weren’t getting paid, and I don’t think they knew about the Russians. They are nice people, except a bit naïve, you know.”
“So how do you two land up in a prison camp?”
McBride chipped in. “Caught investigating the set-up of course. They didn’t want it to be known. Still don’t, of course. It could cause a diplomatic incident. That is why they are trying to stop us getting back to tell our story.”
“You can see that they want to keep control of the supply. Ninety percent of Russia’s income is in gas and oil. A lot of it fracked, of course. Once every country in Europe starts fracking, that’s the income draining away, and the pipelines that have cost billions to build, sitting unused.” Nigel swirled the pepper pot round on the tablecloth as he talked. “They have expended a lot of time and energy in getting most of the EU to ban fracking as a dangerous operation. But once the UK has a successful fracking industry, the other nations will look at us and see that the Devil hasn’t struck us down, and that we are getting rich.”
The waiter returned carrying three plates, two plates on his arm, one on his hand, leaving the other hand free to serve. Waiters learn these skills.
“Okay,” said Nigel, “down to the nitty gritty. The camp is what, two hundred miles west of here, do you think?”
“That’s my guess, walking some of it, and going by van, when the Russians took me by vehicle.” He looked at Nigel. “They brought me by container ship from Teesport straight to St Petersburg.”
“Can you describe the terrain where the camp is?”
Ben said, “Coniferous forest, it’s in cleared area about a square mile in area, the camp dead in the centre. Two double storey barracks, rough track into the camp, two watch towers, one guard building at the gate.
“When we left, at night we marched through the forest, maybe about fifteen miles before we came to meadows. About five to ten miles further, and we came to a large pond, probably a small lake. There was a copse at the northern end where we hid the first day. Then about twenty miles further on three or four dachas, holiday ones, I suppose. We broke into one, got some food.”
Nigel was scribbling in a notebook. “Carry on,” he said.
McBride took up the story. “We went through a large marsh about five miles further on.” He explained that they had hidden in a barn.
“The farmer found us the next morning” Ben carried on the story. “Christ, I thought he was going to shoot us. He had a double-barrelled shotgun. Anyway his wife spoke English, and they let us stay in their house, and the farmer brought us here in his pick-up. That took what four hours?”
McBride nodded. “That puts it nearer two hundred and fifty miles?”
Nigel put away his notebook. “I can look at a large scale map. And I’m sure I’ll spot it. If necessary, we can ask the RAF to have a drone survey the area. But that is expensive, and might not be approved. We’ll see.”
Later Nigel accompanied them down to the visitor berths, ceremoniously handing the keys to McBride.
“There you go. Look after my beautiful girl. You want to be left down the river. Keep the buoys to port, fairly close. The boat draws three metres. A big keel on it. If the wind blows it flat on the water, it will bounce back. Good luck. Phone me to tell me where you leave the boat. Here, my card. There’s a direct number on it.”
They waved to him as they turned to go down to the Baltic.

Nigel stood on the pontoon watching. He could see the mast, and McBride going forward to set the sails, though not raising them, here in the river. Ben was at the helm.
He returned to the restaurant, settled down on a stool at the bar. He was soon in conversation with other members, talking weather, and the price of yacht equipment. The sort of conversation you will hear in yacht clubs round the world. And the ribald jokes, of course.
It was nearly eleven o’clock when Nigel walked out to his car. The car park lighting was adequate but left large pools of darkness. The sky was clouded over, and tiny flakes of snow danced in the wind. He saw as he approached the Jaguar a man coming across the car park heading in his direction. It was Viktor.
“What have you done with the prisoners? I saw you take them into the club. Are they still inside?”
“Sorry to disappoint you Viktor. They will be well out in the Baltic by now. They must have set sail, what,” he looked at his wrist watch, “about three and a half hours ago.”
Viktor had his hand in his pocket. When he took it out he had a pistol in it. Nigel’s heart raced. It had never come to gunfights before. It had been a game of words between two friendly rivals.
Viktor’s face, brows heavy and his features features twisted in anger. Eyes tiny pinpoints staring at him.  He looked down at the hand with the pistol, saw him tightening his finger on the trigger. Just before Nigel had prepared to fling himself sideways, Viktor fired. There were two explosions, one from the pistol, the other from the Jaguar’s rear tyre. Shreds of rubber flew in all directions, and the Jaguar settled down on its haunches.
“You bastard,” screamed Nigel.
Chapter Seventeen
Viktor climbed back in his car still shaking with rage. He picked up his mobile and made a call.
“Vladislav? I hope I haven’t disturbed your sleep. I can report that I have learned the prisoners departed for the Baltic on a yacht of some kind. I believe they left three or even four hours ago. That is all I know, but I have it on good authority.”
“On which good authority?”
Viktor cursed his own loquacity. “The British MI6, Sir.”
“That is not good authority. They could be giving you, what do they call it – a red herring. That means they could be misdirecting you.”
“With respect, Sir, I think it is true.”
“Then I shall pass the information to Moscow. Goodnight”
Viktor started the car and made his way out of the carpark. Nigel was nowhere to be seen. Presumably gone back inside the club to wait for the breakdown service.

Vladislav knew he had to pass on the news to Moscow straight away, whether it was right or wrong. One’s employment depended on it, even one’s freedom.
He dialled SVR Headquarters immediately. When the duty officer answered, he said that he had important information regarding the escaped English prisoners. Who could he report it to?
“You could tell me, I am the duty officer.”
“If I tell you will you quickly pass the information to Timur Kuschenka?
I know he is personally handling the affair.”
The duty officer was a patient man. “Yes, I will mark the message for his personal attention. You can now tell me. I have my pencil poised.”
“One of my men has reported that the English prisoners, who have been seen today in St Petersburg, have been spotted sailing out into the Baltic.”

The duty officer, once off the phone decided that he might be prudent and try to contact Kuschenka at his house. He was known to keep late hours.
He was awake, and pleased that the message hadn’t waited on his desk. He thanked the duty officer warmly. He sent an email marked very urgent, to all the SVR offices of countries bordering the Baltic. The message ran:
Heads of SVR
Urgent watch for escaped English prisoners.
Two men, one aged thirty, the other forty, tall, white have stolen some yacht type boat, and set sail from St Petersburg. No description of boat presently. It is important that you patrol all marinas in your area. Permission is granted to bribe marina staff for information. Also keep watch on all anchorages.
In the event of capture dead or alive, report to Head of SVR Moscow.
MI6 in London intercepted the message, which was added to the nascent file which previously held only two pieces of paper. A copy of the message was also forwarded to MI5 as a courtesy. The next morning a member of staff tied up the permission to charter a yacht which had been sought the previous day by MI6 in St Petersburg. So they knew the yacht identity even if the Russians didn’t.
Nigel Blair-Johnson arrived at the office late the next morning, and missed the start of the briefing. He walked in at nine-thirty and apologised to Smitzy.
“I’ve been up most of the night waiting for the breakdown services.”
Smitzy said, “Shouldn’t buy British then.”
“You’re still living in the seventies, Smitzy, get a life. Actually, Viktor shot out my tyre, the bastard.”
After Smitzy, and even the secretary had stopped laughing, Nigel said “Don’t you want to know the story?” He told them anyway.
“I guessed you had got the boys away in your boat. I’ve just had a message from London, with a transcript of an email that went out during the night to SVR heads all over the Baltic. Orders to pick them up. Dead or alive. That means shoot them. What a panic, eh?”
Smitzy paused and thought for a moment. “Oh my God, they’ll have asked the Yacht Club what boat was stolen. Nigel get on to them straight away.”
Nigel dialled a number on the phone. Direct line to the Commodore. He was a friendly Anglo-Russian, who knew what Nigel did for a living. Well, he knew he was a member of the Consulate.
“Stanley, hello. It’s Nigel Blair-Johnson here. Sorry to bother you. It occurs to me that the SVR might have been asking which yacht was stolen last night. If they do, don’t tell them it was mine.”
“They have already phoned. I told them it was that Dutch fellow’s yacht, you know the ‘traditional Dutch boat. Looks like a barge, and probably sails like one. Then I switched the Dutch boat into your slot. Might be ages before the error is discovered, what?”
“Marvellous. You anticipated my suggestion. Well done. I’ll buy you one in the bar.”
“It was nothing. I haven’t forgiven the SVR for that shoot-up in the restaurant. By the way, I heard a shot out in the carpark last night. Well two shots, it sounded like. Not some more trouble, I hope.”
“Stanley, promise you won’t laugh.”  He told him.
Stanley chuckled loudly anyway and said goodbye.
Chapter Eighteen
McBride steered the Belinda out into the river, its diesel engine a slow putt putt coming from beneath his feet. Ben was beside him looking across at the further bank at the buildings. The river current was sluggish, and McBride adjusted the yacht’s speed only enough to maintain steerage. The long line of buoys stretched out in the distance. Nothing else was moving on the river as darkness fell. Street lights from the banks of the river cast reflections in the water.
“Ben, do you think you could take the wheel? I want to go forward and ready the sails.”
“Stay with me a moment and make sure I’m doing it right. It’s the first time.”
“You’ve just got to remember it’s not like driving a car, when you turn the wheel, the boat takes time to respond. If you remember that, you won’t over-compensate, and end up zigzagging all over the place.”
McBride set the jib, which could then be hauled up from the cockpit, and next examined the mainsail. The cover was on, so he removed it and placed it in the rope locker. Somewhere there must be hidden the cranking key through which the sail could be paid out. Maybe back in the cabin. And they hadn’t got any navigation lights on. That was dangerous. He made his way quickly back to Ben, dropping lightly on to the cockpit deck. He looked over Ben’s shoulder at the small fascia behind the compass gimbal. Dials showing ammeter, speed, which would show speed through the water, but not absolute speed because that was dependant on tidal flow, currents and so on. It was barely registering now, even though the scenery was passing by at maybe eight mph. The current, of course, making up the velocity. A free ride, thought McBride, inconsequentially. There were a few on /off switches, but he couldn’t see the inscriptions in the dim light.
There was a fuel gauge. He reached over and flipped one of the switches, looked round, couldn’t see any difference, flipped the next. The navigation lights came on, and also the fascia light. He flipped the first switch into the off position. The fascia light was extinguished. Good system, you didn’t always need the fascia light on, it could destroy your night vision. And you certainly didn’t need it when the navigation lights were off, because then it was daylight.
McBride went over to the cupboard in the bulkhead. Tried different keys on the bunch Nigel had given him. By trial and error he arrived at the correct one, mentally told himself to remember it for next time, and pulled open the door. Nigel had told him about the distress rockets, and the oilskins. He suddenly spotted equipment neatly racked on the back of the door. First the big brass crank handle that went into the end of the boom, and could be wound from the helmsman’s position, to reef or let out the mainsail. Next to it, a long handle that he guessed would open the diesel cap, or maybe the water tank, that must be somewhere. Probably on the deck amidships.
Content that he had enough information for now, he watched Ben handle the boat. He was doing well, keeping close to the buoys on the port side, moving the wheel fractionally to keep to the slight bends in the river. He should settle into being a good crew member. Then McBride remembered the sea sickness.
McBride had formulated a temporary plan. He aimed to sail non-stop across the Baltic, which should be reasonably calm, and put in at a port in Denmark. He remembered a family holiday in his childhood when his father had hired a boat and sailed around the islands. They had visited one fishing port, and it was just in the Baltic. It was sheltered, and amid the village, with restaurants and a small supermarket. He couldn’t remember the name of the port, but when he searched Nigel’s charts, he should spot it. Close to the junction of the Baltic and the North Sea. They could stock up on food, fill the diesel tank, and prepare for the dash across the North Sea. Not exactly a dash, it must be 800 miles to go from the village with no name. Importantly they could buy sea sickness tablets, and a wrist band that worked wonders against the nausea. First they had to cross one thousand miles of the Baltic.
Half an hour later and they were passing docks that were housing large ships. McBride saw the container port, with its bright sodium lights, huge cranes working all night and day. They passed the last of the buoys, and they were in the seaway; miles away from land.
“How are you doing, Ben”
“Great, so far.”
“It’s time to get the sails up. We should save fuel. We don’t know how much engine work we need to do, for instance if we run into bad weather.”
McBride got out the reefing key, inserted into the end of the jib.
“There’s a rope, in that cleat just to your left, on the cabin roof. Yes, that’s it. That’s to hoist the mainsail. Just leave the wheel, I’ll catch it we need to. Now, as I wind this key, the sail will unfurl from the boom. You heave on the line, and the sail will go up the mast, okay?”
Ben nodded, and started pulling, whilst McBride wound.
“That’s far enough. Push the rope firmly back in the cleat, and run it round the bollard there. Good.”
The boat heeled slightly as the breeze caught the sail, and McBride caught the wheel and brought the yacht up wind. The mainsail rattled.
“What’s happening?” Ben looked worried. He needn’t be. McBride knew exactly what he was doing.
“What is happening is exactly what should be happening. The breeze is blowing roughly from the north. When we push the boat’s nose into the wind, it stops, well it would do if the engine wasn’t running. The wind misses the sail, so it doesn’t drive the boat. Get it?”
“I see what you mean. So when we are sailing we can stop the boat if we were going to hit anything.”
“Exactly. When we are totally under sail, if you are at the helm, you must always be aware of the way the wind is blowing.”
“Hold a finger up, like you see in the cartoons?”
“Not really. Look up at the top of the mast. See that little pennant. It’s blowing towards the stern. Because the wind is directly ahead. So the helmsman always keeps a check on wind direction. If the wind is following from behind, and you deviate your direction, maybe by only a small amount, you are in danger of luffing.’
“Which means what?”
“The boom,” McBride pointed, “is heavy. Has to be, it keeps the sail stretched. If the wind gets to the wrong side of it, the boom will swing over so suddenly it will give you a fright. In a strong wind, it could be dangerous. If somebody was up on the deck, it could knock him into the water, which could be a real problem. Which reminds me, we need to find the life jackets, and we wear them all the time we are sailing, even if we’re sleeping below.”
“So it’s a dangerous business, this sailing?” Ben looked a bit uneasy.
“A lot of things we do are dangerous. Crossing the road probably featuring at the top of the list. If we are sensible, yachting is fine. Now, here are the keys, I’ll take the helm. You find the keys to the cabin, go in and switch on the inside lights. You are going to look for lifejackets, orange or more likely yellow. Could be in the storage under the bunks.”
While Ben was busy, McBride switched off the diesel, and pulled the wheel so that the yacht caught the wind. It began to move at a cracking pace, despite the jib not being rigged. McBride adjusted the sheet, which is the rope governing the amount the boom can travel. On a broad reach, the boom is restrained, and by letting out the sheet, the wind can be spilled out of the sail. So it works like a car throttle. He tightened the sheet, and the yacht heeled, and began to travel at probably ten knots. Just where McBride wanted the speed. Even at ten knots, it would take over four days and nights nonstop travel to reach Denmark.
Ben’s face peered out of the cabin. “Why are we tipping over?” His voice was anxious.
“We are heeling over from the wind, all yachts do it when they are on a reach, which we are. Remember what Nigel said? This boat has got such a big weighted keel that you could lay it flat on the water, and it would come back upright.”
McBride watched the compass and corrected slightly north of west. He intended following the Swedish coast south when they got there. Now he was feeling how the boat handled, and it was beautiful, reacting to every movement on the helm. He wished the yacht was his own. He looked up at the mast top to check wind direction, and noticed that below the pennant was a radar reflector. That was reassuring. A wooden boat gives very little reflection on a radar screen, so the metal reflector, gives a blob on another boat’s radar. Less chance of being run down. Top marks to Nigel. He glanced further down the mast, and saw a radar dome mounted on the cabin roof aft of the mast. Not very high from sea level, about 18” diameter. Range probably forty miles. This was very promising. He had to find the screen first, or it would be of little use. McBride, when confronted with this problem, decided where he would have mounted it, if it was his boat.
Probably construct another cowl above the fascia. It would have spoiled the lines of the boat of course. Or just inside the cabin, where you could see it from the helm. The door was open, and fastened back with a hook, flat with the bulkhead. Ben’s head came out and he held out a life vest, yellow.
“There you are John,” he said. “I guess you just wear it uninflated, and if the time comes you just pull on this cord.”
“Your assumption is correct. Well done Ben”
“I just read the instructions on the front.” He grinned.
“Just come into the cockpit for a minute, I’m looking for the radar screen. We have all mod cons aboard this vessel.”
“Ben, on the right as you go in, is that the chart table?”
“Yes, it’s got one chart clipped to the top with those spring clips draughtsmen use. There are a lot of shallow drawers under the table, I tried them all, and they all have charts in them.”
“And what’s that up above the chart table, sort of fixed to the cabin roof. There’s a pull knob on the front.”
“Don’t know, I never tried to open it, but I will now.”
He reached past McBride, and pulled at the knob. Nothing. And then he realised that it was a door, not a drawer, and that it was hinged at the back, so that a quadrant opened up, and on the flat surface was a radar screen, and another instrument.
“Boy, oh boy,” breathed McBride. “The clever sod.”
“That’s a radar screen. Yes?”
“Oh yes, and next to it is a GPS positioner.”
“Like satnav in a car?”
“Oh yes, but it gives the positional latitude and longitude, and of course shows land mass as well as sea. Beautiful. And you can plot your course on the charts straight from the GPS. And when I’m standing here at the helm, I can see both instrument screens. It makes it a bit draughty in the cabin, but you can’t have everything. Wouldn’t be much use in a following sea. Would flood the cabin. But you could come about to take readings.”
“Would you like a hot mug of tea, to really make your day?”
Chapter Nineteen
They sat in the cockpit drinking strong tea out of mugs inscribed Belinda. Probably a gift to Nigel from somebody. The boat rushed through the water even faster than before, since they had hoisted the jib sail. Twelve knots, not bad, but there was a force four or five wind; a steady wind blowing from the pole.
“Since you’ve been using the galley to make the tea, did you notice if we had any vittals aboard?”
“Of course I checked. There’s a cupboard packed with tinned food. There’s also a small fridge. That has got nothing in it.”
“Enough food to last us four and a half days?”
“More than four days?”
“Well, that’s when I reckon we land in Denmark, if the weather holds.”
Ben said nothing for a few moments, looking down at his mug of tea, pondering.
“The world’s a big place, eh? This journey home is really pointing that out to me.”
“Now Ben, we have to sort out some watches. We can’t both stay awake for nearly five days. We’ll do four hours on, four hours off, okay. Like the real sailors do it. Do you want to take the first shift?”
“Sure. I can wake you if I meet a problem?”
“Of course you can, I was just going to tell you that. Problems that might arise, but probably won’t are…” he ticked them off on his fingers, “…rising wind strength. Unlikely, but wake me if that happens. We might have to put a reef or two in the mainsail. But the weather looks set fair. Two, the wind direction changes. If it does, head closer to the wind, by looking at the pennant, which you should always glance at. I’ve switched the radar on, don’t turn it off. Keep an eye on it. Ships show up as blobs of light moving, and on this radar set leaving a trail behind them, so you know the direction they are moving. When the blobs at the edge of the screen, it is about forty miles away. So don’t start panicking. Our boat is the blob in the centre. By the time the other boat is ten miles away, you should be able to tell whether it is going to miss you. If not, then is the time to wake me up. The radar also shows up land mass. It’s stationary, and bigger. There are a lot of islands in the Baltic, but not on the route we’re taking, well not until the day after tomorrow perhaps.”
“I’ll manage, get to bed,” said Ben.
“I’ll take the bunk on the port side, nearest the door. Just shake me to wake me. Give me four hours, then get me up for my shift.” With that, McBride was stepping down into the cabin, lying down fully clothed, a blanket over him, and asleep within three minutes.

McBride felt a hand tug his shoulder, and he was immediately awake, and struggling to sit up. “Yes?”
“Your watch, Skipper,” said a very cheerful Ben.
McBride got two his feet, brushed with his hand at his hair.
“What have you got to be so cheerful about?”
“I haven’t felt sea sick, and we’ve been afloat for what, about six hours. I’m cured!”
“Don’t be too sure. It’s as flat as a mill pond. We’ll still get you some medication in the next port.”
When McBride got into the cockpit to take the wheel from Ben, he saw that there was a chop to the sea, but no white horses.
“When did the wind get up?”
“About half an hour ago. It’s not that windy, otherwise I would have woken you.”
McBride grunted, and looked down at the instruments. Fifteen knots.
That was really going some. He glanced at the radar screen. A couple of ships about twenty miles away, neither of them on collision course. If the wind freshened any more, he would take a reef in the mainsail.
“Well done, get yourself in your bunk.”
One hour later, McBride was taking not one reef but two in the mainsail. The speed dropped. Twelve knots, now. The wind stayed constant on the rest of his watch, and no boats came near. The sea was no rougher, just a slight chop.
At five in the morning he woke Ben for his next watch. When he came on deck, McBride gave him a briefing.
“The wind hasn’t got any worse. I put a couple of reefs in the mainsail, and the speed’s down to twelve knots. The sea is no rougher, so you might find as the sun rises you lose the wind. If you do, take out the reefs. You know how to do that?”
“Yep, unwind the handle thing.”
“That’s it, goodnight,” and McBride was back in the bunk seconds later.

At nine o’clock, they were both up and in the cockpit. The wind had lessened at dawn, as McBride predicted. They had all the sail, no reefs. The speed of the boat had dropped to ten knots. McBride was tempted to put out the spinnaker, but Nigel had told him not to, and he had agreed to do as Nigel asked. In point of fact, McBride was basing all his transit time on an average of ten knots, so he was bang on average.
“It feels as if we are just dawdling along,” said Ben.
“It will get us where we want to be, don’t worry. Just enjoy the voyage.”
“If I stood on the cabin roof, I might see land.”
McBride nodded towards the radar set just inside the cabin.
“There’s no land showing on the screen. So you would have to see further than forty miles. Just be patient. I’m just going below for a wash, take the helm.” He vanished into the cabin. Ben put on the autopilot like McBride had shown him. It was only a couple of strides, then holding the mast, on top of the cabin, he would see whether there was land visible ahead. He would be down before McBride came back.
He quickly stepped up on the gunwale and edged forward, and put one foot on the cabin top. He missed his footing, falling backwards, put out an arm to catch the rail, missed it, and plunged into the water, shouting in panic.
Ben’s scream brought McBride dashing out of the cabin, stripped to his waist. Ben was in the sea. McBride grabbed the wheel and turned it violently to bring the yacht up to wind. The sails flapped, and the boat stopped as though it had brakes. By this time Ben was four yards back, struggling and obviously panicking.
McBride shouted: “Pull the cord! On your life jacket!”
The instruction got through to Ben’s panic-stricken brain; his hand jerked up and pulled the cord. Immediately the jacket filled with air from the small attached cylinder. He bobbed about in the water, gaining confidence. But he was still a good way from the boat. He attempted to swim towards the yacht.
McBride grabbed the lifebelt from the stern. It was attached to the boat with a nylon rope. He calculated the distance and then hurled the belt in Ben’s direction. It was an excellent aim. The belt dropped within nine inches from Ben’s outstretched arm, and a second later he had the belt clutched in both his hands.
“Put it over your head and pull it down over your shoulders.”
McBride watched as Ben performed the task. “Okay, I’m pulling you in now.” When Ben reached the stern of the boat, McBride leaned over and grasped his arms. “Try and get your feet on the transom,” he grunted, pulling Ben’s shoulders. Then Ben was in the cockpit, streaming water, and shivering violently.
“Get you clothes off here, come on, leave them on the deck, and get into the cabin. Grab some towels and get yourself dry.”
McBride followed a naked Ben into the cabin, helped him dry himself, set the kettle to boil, and pulled out the medicinal bottle of whisky he had noticed in the galley. He made a mug of tea, and added a generous slug.
Ben was still shivering when he reached for the mug. But after half the contents was getting some colour back into his face. He reached into his rucksack and started to dress in dry clothes.
McBride gauged that he could be left to dress, and went back outside. The yacht was still head into the wind, and the cockpit floor littered with Ben’s wet clothes. McBride stepped gingerly over them, and pulled the wheel to get the boat sailing again.
After a while, Ben came out, looking rather shame-faced, and began to collect his wet clothes.
“Hang them over the rails, tie them on so they don’t blow away. Put your life vest on again.”
“It’s still inflated,” objected Ben.
“Well that is how you are going to wear it, unless you can find a replacement gas cylinder. Have a search in the cabin.”
When Ben came back into the cockpit with a gas cylinder in his hand, McBride showed how to fit it, and how to deflate his vest.
“Everybody falls off a boat once. Then you learn not to be stupid.”
Ben blushed. “Yes, Skipper.”
“As punishment you can make us both an early lunch.”
Ben turned and went below again.

The next morning the sky was clear, the sun beating on their backs, as they continued westwards. And they saw the faint dark streak of land on the horizon.
Chapter Twenty
After breakfast McBride decided they needed to start plotting their journey. He left Ben at the helm, and went to the chart table and started to open the drawers. He noticed the small brass plates fastened to each drawer front contained a white card, indicating the contents of that drawer. From top drawer to bottom, the charts were in order west to east, north to south, covering the whole Baltic area.
McBride guessed they were somewhere off the Swedish coast below Stockholm, unless the compass had lied, or they had drifted. So he started with the chart immediately south of Stockholm; clipped it to the table. He looked at the co-ordinates, then glanced up at the GPS screen.
“Bang on,” he said to himself. He reached for the pencil in a holder on the wall. He traced the latitude reading, leaving his finger on it, and then read the longitude from the GPS. He traced the intersection with his finger. He marked the point with the pencil. Stood erect surveying the chart, letting his eyes drift here and there.
They were thirty miles off shore, and no further south than he had reckoned. He left the cabin.
“Hey, Ben. Go and have a look at the chart I’ve just put our position on it. In pencil, about thirty miles from the Swedish coast just south of Stockholm.”
Ben bobbed his head inside the cabin, turned back.
“Amazing. We did that almost blindfold, what two and a half days?”
“Just a little over. But we’ve had good weather. We’ll turn south when we get five miles offshore, and follow the coastline. That will take us round the southern tip of Sweden, then in a northerly direction up to Skagen.”
There were a few more boats about, leaving and entering Stockholm mostly, though some larger boats following the Swedish coast north, freighters mostly, although they saw a container ship in the distance. McBride was keeping an eye on the GPS screen, and an hour and a half later he moved over to the helm, stood behind Ben.
“Right. This is where you turn south. Just before you do, when you change direction, the boom is going to swing across. So to control the speed of the change, I get hold of the sheet and pull it taut and then I can control the swing. If the boom rockets across it can damage things. One, two three, change course.”
Ben slowly turned the wheel, and the boom swung over. McBride paid out the sheet, and the majesty of the sail was now fully visible from the cockpit.
“For visibility’s sake, Ben, we will leave the jib where it is. If we were in a race, we would have the jib set to port, and the boat would be swooping along like a gull. But we are going fast enough, and at least you can see ahead.”
“We don’t seem to be going as fast. It’s quieter.”
“Of course. We are running along with any current being stirred up by the wind. Everything going in the same direction. If you don’t believe me, look at your instruments.”
“Oh, yes. Fifteen knots.”
“That is a very respectful speed, and probably understates the actual speed.”
McBride went below to make tea. When he returned with two mugs in his hand, he glanced astern, watching the wake. Straight as an arrow, Ben really had the makings of a sailor. He saw a motor launch, maybe half a mile or more away, creating quite a bow wave. Somebody in a hurry. Heading in their direction.
“How long has that motor launch been following us?”
Ben craned his neck. “I don’t know. I only saw it just after you went to make the tea.”
“I reckon it will overtake us in about half an hour, even less perhaps. It just might be the SVR. Remember what Nigel told us?”
“But we haven’t set foot in any port. How do they know it is us?”
“Shouldn’t think they do. Unless they recognise the yacht, and they are a bit too far away for that. We can’t stop them catching up, they’ve got a lot more speed. Even resetting the jib won’t add more than a couple of knots.”
“So what shall we do?”
“Well, for a start, you go below. They might think I’m a single-handed sailor, and they are expecting two. Secondly I look less like I did, because I’ve shaved my beard off, and my hair has grown. In the photos Nigel had, I was a skin-head. So, all in all, it might throw them. Unless they have details of the yacht.”
That was something he didn’t want to worry Ben with. It was a real possibility. After all the yacht was registered to an MI6 man, and they would have details tucked away in the files somewhere in the Kremlin.
Ben went below. McBride sat sideways on the helmsman’s seat, so that he didn’t have to turn his head to watch the approaching launch. He glanced at the radar. There was only one blob on the screen. The motor launch. And the land mass to the west. Pity, that. If there had been a bit of traffic about, they might be careful about boarding the yacht.
The launch had put on speed and was approaching faster. About ten minutes to go. McBride didn’t think they would ram the yacht. Too dangerous for them. They might damage their own boat and even sink themselves. More like take a pot shot at him, then come alongside. This was the time he wished he was wearing a Kevlar vest rather than a life vest. Five minutes to go.
Suddenly the boat was near enough for him to read the inscription on the side of the hull. It read: CUSTOMS Sverige.
Never had McBride been so happy reading just two words. The sound of the launch’s powerful twin inboard diesels drowned out the sound of the waves slapping on the Belinda hull. Then the yacht was rising to meet the wash of the custom’s boat as it swept a large circle to starboard to return from where it had come. McBride raised a hand to the departing vessel, and saw a sailor on the stern return the salute. They had obviously had a tip off, and Belinda was the wrong one. Or they were just having a practice run.
“You can come out now,” McBride shouted down to the cabin.
A pale-faced Ben emerged, then watched the launch disappearing rapidly behind them.
“What happened?”
“Case of mistaken identity, on both parts. Us for getting our knickers in a twist. Them for mistaking us for someone else. I think. It was a Swedish Customs boat. I read the logo when it was just about to pass us. Believe me, that was some relief.”
They made good time, and by four o’clock, seeing yachts at anchor in a cove, they went closer to look. As they entered the cove, they saw red and ochre coloured wooden chalets amongst the trees. Unoccupied, no smoke coming from chimneys, windows shuttered. The yacht moored at buoys, all winterised, with tarpaulins draping their decks. On the shingle beach, dinghies upside down up above the tide line, such as it was. The Baltic is virtually tideless. McBride spotted an unoccupied buoy.
“Pass me the boathook, it’s clipped to the cabin, on your side. Now drop the sail.” And Ben knew how to do it. Now sailing on jib alone, the boat came alongside the buoy, and McBride slipped the hook into the ring, pulled the buoy up out of the water, its green weeded chain dangling behind it, slipped the painter through, tied it off and went forward to take the jib down. The boat had already swung up wind.
“That’s it, job done,” said McBride. It was the first time in two and a half days that they had stopped sailing. Tonight, they would both sleep well.
“Have we got enough water under the keel. You didn’t check.”
“Didn’t need to, Ben. Look at the angle of the shingle beach. It shelves steeply down. That’s a clue. There are other yachts our size nearer to the beach. Another clue.”
“Come here,” said Ben descending to the cabin. He moved the GPS screen along the ledge. “An echo sounder.” And it was, previously obscured by the GPSs. Not a lot of space on the shelf.
“Well switch it on. I bet we’ve got eight metres under us. You guess before you put the switch down.”
“Six metres.” And Ben pressed the switch. “Gosh, ten point four metres.”

As the night drew in, McBride switched the white masthead light on. Not strictly necessary, he thought, since all the other boats around them had no lights displayed. But it showed enough light down on the deck to move about in safety.
Ben brushed past him, carrying something.
“What have you got there?”
“Fishing rod. Found it a day or two ago. We might have fish for dinner.”
“Instead of corned beef. What are you going to use for bait?”
“Corned beef.”
McBride laughed, and watched Ben cast the line out towards the shore, pulled it in towards him, so that the bait never fell to the seabed. He cast again, and suddenly the line was pulling away. Ben started reeling in.
“Caught something already? I find it hard to believe,”
“The skill that comes with long practice. I’m not kidding you.”
“Really?”
“Yes, I’ve been fishing off and on since I was a kid. Lived in Cumbria as a child. We used to go down to the lake with a handline. Penny hook tied to the line. Very crude tackle. But the fish didn’t seem to notice that. You laid on the jetty, and you could see the worm wriggling on the hook. When a fish came along you could see that too. And you flicked the line, and it was hooked.”
While he was talking he swung the rod aboard, with a fair size fish maybe a couple of pounds.
McBride said, “Looks like a perch. I thought they were a freshwater fish.”
“So did I.” Ben expertly got hold of the fish, compressing the spikey dorsal fin backwards, so that he wouldn’t injure himself and extracted the hook. He shoved his finger down the throat of the fish and pulled sharply backwards. The fish stopped thrashing about, its spine broken. “I learned to that, too when I was seven years old.”
McBride disappeared below, came back with a bowl and a kitchen knife.
“We don’t want guts all over the galley. Do it on deck.”
Ben took the knife, slit the fish’s belly near the tail and drew the knife up to just below its head. He scooped out the entrails with his hand, and dumped them in the sea. He leaned over and filled the bowl with sea water, washed the fish and chopped off its head, tossing that overboard.
Back in the galley, he poured a little olive oil in a frying pan, added salt, placed the fish fillets scales up in the hot fat. Three minutes later he turned the fillets, gave them a further two minutes, and took the pan off the heat.
Sitting at the small table between the bunks, Ben said: “Watch out for bones. Perch are almost worse than herrings.”
They sat there pulling bones out of their mouths, but still enjoyed their first fresh food since they set out.
Chapter Twenty One
They were up early the next morning, having the luxury of a full night’s sleep uninterrupted by watches.
Emerging at dawn from the cabin they were in time to watch the sun rise from the sea in an orgy of oranges and reds, sending glittering paths of yellow and blue towards them. McBride glanced back, and the coniferous trees were bright with colour, and from every chalet orange reflections sparkled.
Despite the cold breeze, they sat in the cockpit eating bacon and baked beans.
“You should have done some more fishing this morning, Ben”
“I know when to stop while I’m ahead.” He grinned.

They set off to continue their southward journey. McBride had made an accurate estimate the previous night using the chart. Seven hours sailing would see them round the southern-most point of Sweden, and start back north-north-east, to arrive at Skagen, but they couldn’t get there today. The exit from the Baltic was a bottle-neck crowded with ships big and small. The large ships were, under marine law, forced to use pilots, but a lot thought they would try to save the cost. The resultant collisions were in that case not covered by insurance. And even that did not deter some ship owners.
The coastline when they cleared the bay was very similar to that of the previous day. They met more ships as they approached the south of Sweden. They took it in turns to be on watch whilst the other took the helm. The rule is that steam gives way to sail, or in today’s terminology, powered vessels give way to sail. But if they don’t, you can’t argue when you are dead.
They came to a narrowing of the sea, land on either side. Ben, on the helm was bewildered.
“What’s happening? The land is closing in.”
“Don’t panic, the chart shows this long narrow island running for miles down the coast. We’re on the landward side. A couple of hours, and we will be past it.”
They did pass the island, and a few miles further on, the sea had taken a huge bite out of the coast of Sweden, leaving a massive bay. Rather than follow the coast they sailed across the bay. And came to the end of Sweden.
The sky had been clouding over since early afternoon, and the wind had swung due west, gusting force five. McBride made the executive decision to drop sails and finish today’s leg under power. The shipping traffic made sailing in this weather dangerous.
“Help me get the sails down once I’ve started the engine.”
He turned the ignition on, waited until the green light came on, pressed the starter and the engine kicked in. McBride peered over the side at the coolant water outflow. A healthy pulsating surge of water emerged.
Ben wound in the mainsail, as McBride paid out the rope. They lowered the jib.
They followed the coast round the southern tip of Sweden. McBride pointed out Copenhagen on the port bow, and the never ending stream of car ferries making the short journey across the strait between Sweden and Denmark.
Following the Swedish coast led them to perform a complete U-turn, so that they were sailing north. As soon as they rounded the cape, they were sheltered from the wind, and the sea suddenly calmed. The change was dramatic.
McBride made the most of the calm to leave Ben on the helm. He went to the chart table, plotting the course to Angelholm, the fourth largest city in Sweden. They saw in the distance planes taking off and landing at the city’s airport. The proximity of the airport to their intended overnight stop worried McBride. The SVR must be monitoring airports in their hunt for the fugitives. They may also be checking neighbouring marinas. As far as he could see from the charts, their only alternative would be to sail overnight to Skagen. That, too, was a dangerous option with the volume of sea traffic, and many ships without a pilot. Not to mention the weather. They may be in relative calm in the bay, but heavy rain beat on the cabin roof. A typical low pressure system. They would surely be better in the marina.
As they came nearer land at the chart plotted point, McBride saw the river entrance. A few hundred yards away, an illuminated sign proclaimed Kittervaagen Road Marina. Not a name to conjure with in the world of advertising. But at least it gave location for the landlubbers.
They had no sooner negotiated the river mouth, than they were at the marina entrance. Even in October, the sodium lights illuminated the pontoons, the fuelling point at the farthest corner, and the offices and chandlery away to the left, past the pontoons with a few moored yachts. McBride could make out more yachts out of water, sheeted down for the winter and lined up in a compound near the main buildings.
They took the first line of pontoons, because Ben had spotted the notice Visitor Moorings. Naturally they were the farthest from the offices and chandlery. Ben practised his berthing skills. Not bad, thought McBride as he stepped off with a mooring rope.
“Finished with engine,” he called back over his shoulder. Ben should have the engine off the moment McBride was on the pontoon. He probably would do it right next time.
McBride leaned on the boat. “I’ll go and book in. Stay with the boat. Get the boathook in one hand, and if anyone walks up the pontoon, start waving it at them. I’m not joking.”
McBride was warm from the walk when he pushed open the office door. The only man in the office looked up and came to the counter, spoke in Swedish.
“I’m English. I’ve just moored up at berth number one on the visitor moorings. I will be leaving again in the morning”
The man looked past McBride out of the glazed door. He must have super eyesight thought McBride.
“Yes, Sir. If you will just complete the form. The charge is thirty krone for the night. If you stay three nights, the charge drops to twenty per night.”
Using the pen on the counter, McBride filled in the form, giving his correct name, travelling solo, boat name Belinda. He had to be honest about that, it was written on the stern of the yacht. Permanent address. He put a fictitious address in Dublin.
He bade the man goodnight, and walked up the pontoon. After a few paces he turned to look back at the office. The man had picked up the phone and was holding a conversation. Might be his girlfriend but McBride felt the hair on his neck tingle..
When McBride got within a few paces of the yacht, Ben put down the boathook.
“Put it inside the cabin, together with anything else we can use as a club.”
“You think it’s dangerous here?”
“I do. I would have aborted our stop here, if the weather had been better. There’s a big airport not far over there. The SVR will be watching it, and they know we are in a boat. What would you do?”
“Watch the adjacent marina.”
“Exactly. The man in the office was making a phone call as soon as I stepped outside. Might be coincidence. Anyway, we’ve got time to eat. Never fight when you’re hungry. I just made that up.”
They rustled up a meal of tinned food, washed down by black tea.
“Are we going to stand watches?” Ben looked concerned.
“I would think I would wake if I heard a mouse scuttling down the pontoon. But if you want.”
“I’ll do the first watch. If I keep the door just ajar, we will hear better.”
McBride laid down on his bunk. Ben sat just inside the doorway, with the boathook in his hand,
Four hours later felt a hand on his shoulder and jumped. Ben whispered into his ear.
“It’s your watch.”
McBride looked at the time. Midnight. He sat on the port side, just inside the cabin. He was nodding off, when he heard it. A slow stealthy footstep. The timbers of the pontoon creaked slightly. McBride tensed, his hand on the door, tense and ready to go. The yacht started to tilt as weight was applied.
John McBride dived out of the cabin bunched low and whooping, grasping the man’s leg. The man had both feet on the boat, and was preparing to step down into the cockpit. McBride heard the whine of a bullet going past his ear, and then the man, unstable with the McBride’s hand pulling on his leg, started to fall back to the pontoon. He put one foot back to go down on the pontoon, but his instability increased and he tumbled with his hands in the air. There was a metallic noise of an object hitting the boards, and a splash as it entered the water. McBride thought, there goes the pistol. He was aware of a large man behind the one who had dropped the gun. He was entangled in the melee, and there was a loud splash as one of them fell into the water on the opposite side of the pontoon.
McBride didn’t hesitate. He continued his rush, and dived over the gunwale and hit the other man with his head, a blow that hit him in the solar plexus. The man gave a grunt, and gasped for breath. McBride still low down, on his knees now, pulled the other man’s legs from under him, and he too fell into the water. McBride got up, and brushed himself down. He was only slightly out of breath. He swung round, hearing a noise behind him. It was Ben, with the boathook in one hand.
“Just in time, just use that boathook to fend off the two men having a swim. Stop them from getting back on the pontoon. We want them well away from here before we continue our journey.”
“We’re not leaving in the middle of the night, surely?”
“Looks like we will have to do. We don’t know how many friends these two swimmers can call on. Discretion is the name of the game now.”
One of the men already had his hands on the edge of the pontoon, but was having difficulty getting out of the water. He was panicking, and McBride was of the opinion that he couldn’t swim. But, because he couldn’t understand Russian, he was only conjecturing. Ben went up to the man, started belaying him with the boathook. McBride cringed. Was there no stopping this lad? The man in the water pushed away from the pontoon, lay on his back, kicking his legs. His partner, swam across to him, grasped him by the shoulder, and swam, towing him in the direction of the chandlery. About fifty yards of swimming, they both scrambled on to the pontoon, and shuffled off in their wringing wet clothes.
McBride hoped they had a car nearby. They could get pneumonia in this cold weather.
“Well, young man, time to put away that lethal weapon, and start packing. We don’t need to start right away, because it will take our assailants time to change and report to their masters. I would think we’ve got a couple of hours before anything else happens.”
“Well, as you say, we can get prepared. Here’s an idea, why don’t we move the boat, if we sneak it in among other boats, we will see them searching, and can just cast off and sail away.”
“Hey, that is good thinking.” McBride looked around the marina, then he pointed at the pontoon next to the road, but separated by a tall wire fence. There were about a couple of dozen boats, mostly of their own size, with one or two gaps in the moorings, looking like missing teeth.
“That will do fine, the gap closest to the exit, I think. Fire up the engine, and let’s go.”
Chapter Twenty Two
Just before dawn McBride shook Ben awake, and without waiting for him to emerge on deck, had the engine going and was inching out of the berth. Quietly with the engine only on tick-over, they crept across the marina and out into the river. McBride doubted they had been observed, but their absence would be noticed later. He felt as though he was running away carrying a large flag with a sign saying Here I am. The yacht was the means of escape, but it was fast becoming a liability. Should they ditch it? After they left Denmark, their next port was in Britain. Surely they would be safe enough then. The SVR just didn’t have the resources to track them across the North Sea, and capture them before they made landfall. Did they?
The decision time was when they arrived at Skagen. If there was a chance they could fly from there without being observed, then they should take it.
McBride was always able to file away a problem in his mind, once he had decided the course of action. And he did so now, standing confident at the helm of the Belinda, all thoughts of capture leaving him, together with the large flag.
Ben joined him on deck just as dawn broke. The low pressure system had moved on, and the sky was only partly cloudy. When they joined the strait, and the boat traffic, the wind had died to force three, and the sun intermittently shone.
They continued under power, past Copenhagen, dodged the numerous ferries crossing from and to Sweden and at last they reached open water. It was lunchtime, and Ben went below to knock up a meal, together with mugs of black tea. During the middle of the afternoon they were away from the other shipping, ahead of them the great length of Jutland heading northwest as far as they could see.
Once the sails were hoisted, they made good time, sailing at an average ten knots. McBride spent some more time with the charts. They were at the edge of their final chart. Unless they purchased charts of the North Sea, they would be navigating by compass bearing alone. Not that McBride was worried about this, because there were no hazards to negotiate. Apart from big ships on automatic pilot, and the crew not paying attention. It happens.
McBride told Ben that they would turn northwest soon and follow the coast. When they had followed it far enough, they would reach Skagen. The village was on the end of the peninsula. It was a popular holiday resort, especially for yachtsmen, and the population in summer would double. But at this time of year, the main users of the harbour were commercial fishing boats.
The wind was from the northwest, and so Belinda was on a broad reach, and the sailing was easy.
Night fell at a little after five o’clock. That was no problem with very little sea traffic. McBride reflected that they hadn’t worried about twenty four hour sailing only a couple of days ago, but the last two nights of sleep had altered his outlook. It would be different if and when they took the boat out of Skagen, and set forth to cross one of the most unpredictable seas. On a voyage of at least four days, he guessed.
They saw the lights of Skagen ten miles before they reached the port. It was the only cluster of habitation visible, although they could see car headlights on the road down the peninsula, and the red and green rail signals. Occasionally they would see windows lit in isolated houses. But the lights of Skagen were a beacon on the coast.
When they were a few hundred yards from the harbour, they stowed the sails, and chugged in on engine power. A sign, illuminated over a building to the left said Harbour Master, and above it presumably the same in Danish. There were lots of umlauts, anyway.
They chose a berth on a pontoon that held several moored yachts and power boats. McBride told Ben to look after the boat while he went to see the harbourmaster.
“With the boathook at the ready?”
McBride pointed at the quayside, which was fairly busy with pedestrians, and he could see converted warehouses that now were bustling restaurants.
“If you see danger, yell and these people will come to hold your hand.”
He sauntered up the steps, and joined the bustle on the quayside. A reassuring light showed in the harbourmaster office, and the door opened when he tried the handle. A man in a peaked cap sat at a desk, busy with paperwork. He turned as McBride came in.
McBride stared at him, then he grinned, held out his hand.
“Damn me, if it isn’t Bob Johnson!”
“John McBride. Still in the army are you?”
“No, not for ten years and obviously you aren’t.”
“Are you yachting? Was that rather nice thirty footer yours?”
“Wish it was, but no. It’s a long story. Tell me about yourself, and why you are in Denmark and a harbourmaster.”
“Quite simple. I married a Danish girl I met in London. She came from Jutland, but we lived in Copenhagen for a few years. Then this job became vacant, so here I am. The wife is thrilled to be back in her childhood community. Yes, it has worked out okay.”
“I’m on one of the berths down there. Where do you want me to moor?”
“Leave it there. In the winter, there is not so much business. In the summer it is completely different, and we are turning people away. Are you alone, or with your wife?”
“I divorced a good few years ago, but I have with me a young man I rescued from a Russian prison camp. He is the brother of a girl I met in England. I am returning him to England.”
“I hope you will tell me the full story. You are going to sail from here, in the winter? You are braver than me.”
“I’m still not totally committed. We will see. We have been chased. If our pursuers don’t turn up here, then we may fly out. If not, we will continue to flee.”
“I am intrigued. I hope you will have dinner with us tonight. We have booked at the fish restaurant; you can see it there, one of the old warehouses.” He pointed through the window. “I will just phone my wife, and she will ask the restaurant for a bigger table. No problem. But you have to promise that you will tell us the rest of the story.”
“I need to fill in a form and pay you a fee?’
“Yes, here is the form. Just sit down at that desk. I also need to see your passports.”
“We only have temporary ones. We both went to Russia totally unprepared. A very kind MI6 gentleman arranged the passports at the Saint Petersburg Consulate. He also lent us his yacht.”
“Fill the form in now, and show me your passports tonight.”
McBride handed the completed form to Johnson. “I don’t know how long we are staying, or if we leave the boat here, and phone the owner so that he can pick it up.”
Johnson clutched the form in his hand. “We meet at the restaurant tonight at eight o’clock. Dress is informal.”

When McBride got back to the boat, Ben was looking anxious, and smiled asnd waved when he saw McBride.
“I thought maybe you had been captured, and I might have to sail single-handed. I’m not sure I could manage that.”
“So that is why you are looking worried. Not that I had been killed, eh?”
“Of course not.”
“We have been invited out to dinner. At the restaurant across the road. The harbourmaster is an old friend I was in the army with. He married a Danish girl. I think we should get changed into fresh clothes. He says the dress is informal, but he didn’t say dirty. We have to be there at eight. Already it is seven.”
“What if the SVR turn up? They must already know we are in Skagen.”
“True, but unless they use local staff, they must fly here, or take some complicated car journey. I can’t think they would be here before eight o’clock. Even local men would hardly be based on the peninsula.”

At eight o’clock McBride and Ben arrived at the restaurant. They looked around as they entered, and saw Bob Johnson waving madly at them. When they had threaded their way through the tables, he shook both them both by the hand, and McBride introduced Ben, adding he was an investigative journalist.
Bob introduced his wife, Angelina, a pretty blonde Scandinavian.
McBride said, “Bob has told me that he moved to Skagen because you spent your childhood here.”
“Oh yes, I went to the local school here and now I teach there! It is beginning to look as though I never grew up.” She smiled at them all.
The waiter brought menus and Bob, who was Robert to his wife, explained the menu, which was predominantly fish and shell fish. There were a few beef steak options, too. Mike translated the fish dishes, some species of which were not eaten in England, as far as Ben and McBride knew. Bob suggested they have sea bass, which had been caught in the Baltic Sea.
“We had Baltic fish a couple of days ago,’ Ben said. “It was one that I caught from the boat. I was amazed when I landed it, to find it was perch. They are only a fresh water fish in Britain, as far as I know. It was still jolly bony though.”
“The Baltic is not very saline in many parts, so there is some crossover in species living here,” said Angelina, sounding rather school mistress like.
This was the first meal that they had eaten since leaving Russia that was not taken on the boat, and as a result the best by far.
“We have been eating out of tins for the last five days,” said McBride, “so this is a welcome treat. We must get stocked up with food, especially fresh food that we can keep refrigerated.”
“We have a supermarket in Skagen, the Euro Spar. It is over one thousand square metres, and bakes bread, and sells wine as well as groceries,” said Angelina.
Bob said, “Tell us more about your journey, and why you were in a Russian prison.”
McBride said, “You tell it, Ben.”
“Well it all started when I was investigating the anti-fracking campaigners. We have found considerable reserves of shale gas in England, and the government wants to exploit it and pay down the national debt, and my word we certainly need to do that. But as soon as drilling companies started test drilling, they have been hampered by unbelievable quantities of demonstrators. As John told you, I write freelance articles for the press, and I couldn’t understand how young unemployed people could live in a tent in the winter, sitting in the rain, when they could be sitting on a couch watching television. Believe me, they are not dedicated people. I joined them, and they are being paid. Because I asked too many questions, I was bundled into a van and ended up in a Russian prison camp with about, at the moment another hundred British men.
“My sister asked John to help find me, apparently. The first thing I knew about that was when John walked into the barracks one evening and asked for me by name.”
“Ben’s sister told me that Ben had gone missing, and the story he was working on. I just joined the protesters, and travelled the same route. We broke out of the prison camp one night, andwalked a fair bit of the distance to St Petersburg Then we hitched a lift the rest of the way to St Petes.  We were met by MI6, who had done some work and expected us. They gave us passports, and Nigel, a MI6 agent, got permission to charter his yacht to us, paid for by MI6. How about that? Oh, I nearly forgot, here are our temporary passports.”
“Your experience as a soldier did you some good, eh?” said Bob, taking the paper passports. He pulled a notebook out of his pocket, copied the passport numbers into it, handed the passports back.
“Well, sometimes I thirst for excitement, gives me a break from the other job.”
“Which is?” said Bob.
“Painting, watercolours. That is what brings in the pennies.”
“McBride! Of course. You are that McBride are you? I bet that brings in pounds rather than pennies.”
“My agent takes nearly half of the price.”
The conversation turned to generalities, amid much laughter, helped on by the wine. At ten o’clock, McBride stood up. I think we must be getting back to the boat. I hope you will let me share the bill.”
“Rubbish. This is my treat. And don’t leave it fifteen years next time, before you look me up!” They were all heading for the door now. Outside there was a glistening frost on the pathway. McBride glanced across to the quayside and stopped suddenly.
In a low voice he said, “Do you see those men, Ben? Aren’t they the ones who went for a swim last night?”
“If they aren’t, then they are the brothers.”
Bob Johnson said; “What is the problem?”
Still standing outside the restaurant, McBride filled him in.
Chapter Twenty Three
They stood in the doorway of the restaurant. Bob said
“Leave it to me. Angelina, take the boys to our house, they can stay in the guest room tonight. I will talk to these guys, and catch you up.”
McBride was round the corner, walking with the others before Bob was across the road.
Bob Johnson eyed up the men as he approached. Both of them wearing dark overcoats, leather gloves. Both in their mid forties, he reckoned. Fairly short hair, no hats. Just standing there looking out at the harbour. Could be tourists, maybe were.
“Can I help you? I’m the harbourmaster. I saw you looking at the yacht Belinda down there. She has very nice lines, don’t you think? Do you know the people who sail her?”
One of the men grasped the hint the harbourmaster had held out.
“Ja. They are friends. Do you know where they are?”
“They told me they were flying to England in the morning. From Copenhagen. They left by train to stay in one of the hotels near the airport.”
“But what about the boat?”
“They have only chartered it. The owner asked them to leave it here, in Skagen.”
“Then why not in a marina in Copenhagen? We know they sailed from Sweden only this morning.”
“I really cannot answer that. They were, I think, only carrying out the owner’s instructions. And of course, the fees here are less than half of those in Copenhagen.”
“Thank you for your information. We must go now.” He gave a wave, and they both turned and headed for the car park further along the quay.
Johnson watched them go and then turned on his heel and made his way home. He found the rest of them drinking coffee in the living room.
 “What happened?” McBride asked
Johnson took off his coat. “I asked them if they were friends of the people who came in on the Belinda, giving them a chance to lie. They agreed, and asked where you were. I told them you had taken the train to Copenhagen, staying at a hotel near the airport.”
“Clever,” said McBride. “There are a lot of hotels, big ones. I don’t know how they could check them all, not with without knowing our names.”
“Exactly. So, if you are still intent on crossing the North Sea in this tiny yacht, Angelina will show you where the supermarket is in the morning, on her way to school. When you have all your vittals, get a taxi down to the quay, and I’ll help you to stow them. You could be off before lunchtime. I’ll also give you the latest weather forecast.”
Angelina said, “I start work at seven forty five, so I walk to school starting out from the house at seven thirty. Breakfast will be at seven.”

The morning was fine but there had been a light covering of snow overnight. The three of them crunched their way along the street. A lot of people were out and about, even this early; a lot of them children making their way to school.
After ten minutes they reached the supermarket with its large carpark.
“At the checkout, there is a phone to use to call for a taxi. They come immediately outside of rush hours. I leave you here, and have a safe journey. I can hardly bear to think of you on the North Sea. God bless you both.” And she was hurrying away down the street, turning occasionally to wave.
“That is what you call an emotional farewell,” said McBride to Ben as they entered the store.
“Everybody is telling us it is dangerous. Should we take notice of them?”
“Yes. Don’t think of it as a holiday cruise. But look at the alternative. Either we end up back in prison, or end up dead, even.”
They methodically filled up their trolley. Bread was a must. They had both missed it. A couple of cans of rice were thrown in by Ben. Then some long life milk. A medicinal bottle of whisky. McBride remembered the sea sickness tablets. Being a port, they were readily available. And a wrist band to fight off nausea. And they really do work. Fresh vegetables, especially cabbage. But tomatoes and beans. Meat that could go in the fridge that they hadn’t used so far. Cereals, cans of soup. Toilet rolls, kitchen tissues. Pears and apples.
They bought carrier bags at the checkout, and McBride used his credit card. He got cash back on it, so that he could pay the taxi driver. They used the taxi phone, and then stood outside in the pale sun, the snow glittering on the ground, but already melting away.
They got off at the Harbour office, and went in to see Bob.
“Good morning,” he boomed, seeing them for the first time that morning, since he had been long gone when McBride and Ben got downstairs. “You will be pleased to hear that there has been no sign of our Russian friends today. Now, you want some help with your stores?”
“We kept them to the minimum,” said McBride.
“I insist on helping because I want to see the yacht.” He stood up from the desk, speaking in Danish to a young girl who was working on the previously empty desk.
They went down to the pontoon. McBride could see no signs that the yacht had been tampered with.
“We need to get more fuel and drinking water, Bob.”
“I’ll come with you, show you where.”
Johnson was quite enthusiastic when he had inspected the boat. “She is really marvellous, and well equipped. The GPS and the radar alone will enhance your chances of an uneventful journey. That reminds me, I have the forecast for the area Denmark for the next forty-eight hours. It is not too bad at all.” He laid the print-out on the chart table, slipping it under one of the clips for safety. You could perhaps have done with charts of the English and Scottish coasts. But at least you can head for big ports. What does the boat draw, four metres?”
“Three,” said McBride
“Even better.”
“Let’s get started then. I will show you the service area.”
McBride started the engine, and reversed from the berth. Johnson pointed over to the other end, where the fishing vessels berthed. “Just beyond them. As soon as you get out from the quayside, you’ll see it yourself.” And so he did. A big sign on a square pontoon: DIESEL & WATER.
There was no boat currently at the pumps, so McBride came alongside. The fuel pumps were attended service. Johnson knew the man well and laughed and joked with him. Pretending, it was obvious even if you didn’t understand the language, that he was escaping on a cruise. Once the tank was filled McBride offered his card, stepping out on to the pontoon. He went into the office and his card was put through the reader. When he came out again, Johnson and Ben were filling the water tank.
Johnson said, “I will leave you here. I can walk back along the quay. It will do me good, the sunshine.” He held out his hand to each of them in turn.
“Bon voyage,” he said, “and when you get to England email me to say you arrived safely. Here is my card.”
He stood on the pontoon with the attendant, and they both waved as McBride motored over to the harbour entrance, which was about three hundred yards from the quay. They heard a lot of shouting, and both turned to see a scuffle on the quayside. The two Russians had obviously returned just too late. McBride was pleased the schools in Denmark started at eight a.m. Otherwise, best not to think. The harbourmaster was wrestling the two men, shouting for assistance. One of the Russians levelled his pistol aiming at the yacht. McBride ducked down, and pulled Ben with him, but was not seriously worried. He knew that it was hard enough to hit a target the size of a man at forty feet. The man fired, and they did not even hear the bullet. McBride turned back to the wheel in time to avert a collision with the harbour wall, and then they were out into the sea, as they turned to run up to the end of the promontory, they caught sight of a police car hurtling down the quay, its blue lights flashing.
“They’ll be lucky not to end up in prison,” said Ben.
“Indeed. I’ll stay with the helm until we get into the North Sea. But we have to clear the shallows, first. Switch the depth indicator, leave the door open so I can see the figures.”
He steered the yacht, still under engine power, well away from the coast. Ben could see the shallow slope of the sand and inland; the grass that was binding the whole of the peninsula. It was windy now, and drifts of sand, airborne, came over the grass from the windward, North Sea side. A mini desert storm. At the end of the peninsula, McBride kept his eye on the depth meter as he slowly turned the wheel. It had started at fifty metres, and then forty, thirty, twenty. Then it maintained this depth as McBride completed his turn maybe quarter of a mile off shore. He checked the compass, and headed west. The wind was blowing due west, too, so they would have to tack into the wind, until it changed. Well, thought McBride, he could give Ben some more sailing tuition.
“Up sails, Ben. I’ll show you how to tack when the wind is dead ahead.”
McBride switched off the engine, and they hoisted the sails, both main and jib. The yacht was stationary, head to wind, the sails rattling as the wind slipped by.
“Now, ahead is where we want to go. But the boat is head to wind, so we must tack. Tacking means zig-zagging, first going slightly to the north, and then slightly to the south. The result is, we gradually move west, what is what we want. Each tack, or reach, will be fairly close to the wind, but off the wind a little to maximise the speed. Of course, overall, it is slower tacking than sailing a reach.
“But there is no alternative. The wind might remain in the west for days, and we ain’t got enough fuel to motor.
“So get hold of the wheel, Ben, and take the ship’s head away from the wind.”
As Ben moved the wheel, the ship fell off to the left, and immediately started to sail. Ben, with practice, found the degree of course change that resulted in the best speed. Then he held the course, and the boat was rattling through the waves.
“How far do I go on each leg?”
“Say about half a mile.”
When McBride decided they had gone half a mile, which was only at this speed, was only about three minutes, he told Ben to go about.
“You should always announce it, so that everybody ducks their head, as the boom comes over.”
“Going about,” shouted Ben, and the boom came over, and they were sailing away on the opposite tack.
“You should time the reaches, so that you don’t get completely off course.
For instance if you went consistently further on each left tack, when the wind changed and you sailed due west, you would be on a different latitude than you thought. Although we could correct it by referring to the GPS. I keep forgetting about that most useful instrument. Let me just check the longitude now. I’ll write on some paper, clipped to the chart. When we finish tacking, we’ll check how much direction change we need to factor in.”
They sailed on until dark, both of them in the cockpit, and then Ben went below to prepare a sandwich meal, and fresh fruit.
Chapter Twenty Four
McBride took the dishes below. He remembered the weather forecast Johnson had left under the clip of the chart table. Damn, he should have looked at it earlier. Before they set off. It was careless of him.
He plucked the folded paper from under the clip. Opened it to an A4 sheet, probably an email attachment.
There was a weather chart covering half the sheet, showing Denmark in outline with a fair chunk of the North Sea to the west. It showed a series of spaced lows coming from the west. Isobar lines showed fairly high winds accompanying the lows. It was typical autumn weather, so McBride was not surprised, although he was disappointed. He saw the wind speeds, and that made him shudder.
No point in hiding the information from Ben. He went into the cockpit, handed the sheet to him.
“The weather forecast Miller gave us this morning. It’s a forty eight hour one. It’s not very good. You can probably remember weather like this fairly often, usually later in the year, maybe November, December. Lots of rainy days, winds gusting to gale force, and then a day or so when the sun shines and it’s like spring come early.”
“You’re a bit worried?”
“Concerned, yes. It might not be a pleasant journey. By the way, how’s the sea sickness. Not hit you yet?”
Ben pulled a sleeve up to reveal the wristband. “Great things, these.”
“Well do a couple more hours, then call me and you can get your head down. Proper watches from then on.”
When McBride awoke the wind was whining in the rigging. He hurriedly left the cabin.
Ben was clad in oilskins and had reefed the mainsail. The wind had veered to the south, and Ben was sailing a broad reach. The rain lashed down. The rain was slanting across the deck, splashing in white spray lit by the masthead light.
McBride glanced at the radar, but there was nothing in sight, except all across the screen a snowstorm effect as the beam picked up the wave tops.
“You should have called me when the wind veered. The problem shortly, maybe even by morning, the wind will veer further. With big waves there is a distinct worry about being broached, with the wind directly behind. I need to be on deck in that event.”
McBride looked at his watch, and it was very near the time he should be taking over.
“Is there another set of oilskins in the cupboard?”
“Sure, I’ll get them for you.” Ben handed the other set of oilskins to him. McBride quickly donned them.
“Get your head down, Ben. I’ll call you in four hours.”
McBride took another reef in the sail. He left the cabin door open so that he could check the instruments. It least with the coming of the low, it had got distinctly warmer.
Over the next couple of hours, the wind didn’t veer it just went back to being a breeze. Looking up, he saw a star or two, between the scudding clouds. Now they could get some distance behind them before the next low trundled up. He unreefed the mainsail. The wind was in the same direction. The waves were still choppy, but he reckoned that the sea would have calmed down by morning.
The yacht was making a comfortable twelve knots. By dawn they may be only a couple of days from England, or Scotland. He looked at the radar again.
A large ship was on a collision course with him. It was not dangerous at this stage, it was still over twenty miles away. Maybe one hour away. It was moving rapidly. Could be a ferry, or a container ship, even a bulk carrier. But in an hour’s time he would be well clear, the ship passing behind him.
Every fifteen minutes he checked. Still okay for half an hour. And then the ship changed course. It was coming up on McBride’s port side. And without warning it was changing its heading to port. So instead of it passing behind him, unless he took some urgent action it would run him down.
It was unbelievable that no one on the bridge with all the sophisticated equipment hadn’t seen the yacht’s large mast-head reflector. Unless the navigator had nipped off the bridge for a minute or two. The crew of some of the big ships, especially ships under flags of convenience, left a lot to be desired.
McBride made a decision and went about. His yacht made an abrupt change of direction. It was now sailing at ten knots due east. McBride watched the radar screen. The ship would now miss him by half a mile at least. If it didn’t change course again. It was over fifteen minutes before McBride knew that he was safe. The ship was in view now, navigation lights high aloft, as it ploughed on across his wake at a good twenty knots. It was a modern overnight ferry, built like a cruise liner. He even heard dance music faintly across the water. Copenhagen bound most probably. Or Gothenburg in Sweden.
Ben came out of the cabin. “What’s happening?”
McBride went about again, and back over sailing due west again.
“Look ahead,” he said. Ben stared in awe.
“Big boat. Did it nearly run us down? I felt you coming about, that was what woke me.”
“It shows how alert you have to be. You can’t just see another ship on the screen and work out that you will miss each other. That ship changed course at only about one mile distance. And we were closing fast. He was doing twenty knots, I was doing ten.”
“Lesson learned, Captain. Hey, the weather’s quite nice now.”
“Until the next system comes up. Which could be in as little as twelve hours. If all goes well we could be in Britain in a couple of days.”
Ben realised he had another hour in bed, so quickly made his way below.

The fine weather didn’t last long. Cloud cover increased and they were into the next low. There had been hardly six hours between them. Ben had done his watch, and McBride was behind the wheel, rapidly putting on his oilskins, as the first rainy gust of wind reached the yacht. This time it was a mild low, raining plenty but wind speeds not too bad, first straight out of the west, making McBride tack the boat, wasting time. He just wanted to be back in England.
When Ben came back on watch, McBride went below to make sandwiches for lunch. He brought Ben’s plateful up to him, went back down to check the instruments. He scribbled the time, date and GPS latitude and longitude on the back of Miller’s forecast. He examined the radar screen. No landfall showing. That didn’t surprise McBride. It was inconceivable that they would be only forty miles offshore. Could be as little as a hundred miles, though.
The rain had stopped so he went on deck to sit with Ben. Three hours later, Ben shouted “Land ahead!! Is it Scotland or England?”
“It isn’t either. That’s not coastline. It’s a large black cloudbank. That is the mother of all storms coming our way.”
“Oh, yes. I see it now. But it did look like land on the horizon at first.”
“That shows you how fast it’s moving.” By now the cloud had risen in the sky, still black. “We’ll shorten sail now while we’ve chance.”
They took four reefs off the sail. The yacht was now sailing with less than half its mainsail. The speed went down to four knots.
Half an hour later the wind hit them. Roaring at them from the south west, heeling the boat to starboard as the speed jumped to fifteen knots. The waves were increasing in size. The boat was climbing each wave, forging through the peaks, and skimming down the other side.
McBride glanced at Ben. This was seasick weather. But he seemed engrossed in handling the boat, no pallor in his complexion. Some water was coming aboard, washing over the deck, only to vanish over the starboard side.
McBride was aware that the cabin was open to enable the helmsman to read the radar. The cabin doorway had a fiddle on the bottom, a ledge to keep the water out, but it was only three inches high. Once the waves brought too much water on the decks, there was a danger of flooding the cabin. Then one of them would have to start pumping. Otherwise the boat would eventually sink, and long before that, be almost impossible to handle.
Ten minutes later, the impossible happened. A freak wave, higher than the rest came of the port quarter, and partly astern. A wave of water that spilled on the deck rushed forward, over the fiddle, and into the cabin. McBride sent Ben down below to find the hand operated pump. If he couldn’t find where it was, then he had better get a pail and start bailing.
Ben tried the obvious places McBride had suggested and struck lucky first time. It was in the head. An upright tube with a handle that you pressed down and that came back up automatically. To operate it, Ben sat on the head. He couldn’t see any other way. For every six strokes, it said on the barrel, one gallon of water was removed.
McBride judged his moment, and in a brief moment of better weather, he opened the door and shouted down.
“Ben, have you found it?”
“Yeah. It’s going to take a long time. Six strokes to the gallon. Maybe sixty gallons an hour. How long will it take?”
“I’ll give you a shout.” And McBride shut the door just before the situation got worse. The wave crashed against the bulk head, rose up two feet, before dispersing off the deck sides.
The daylight was getting poor. It was only three o’clock. Rain lashed him, and the sky darkened as he looked at it. He should look at the radar, but if he opened the door he might well sink the boat.

Half an hour later, Ben got sucking noises from the pump. As far as he could tell, the was no water sloshing around the cabin floor. He got up off the head, went through to cabin, stretching himself when he could stand upright. Aware of the dangers of opening the door, and the ensuing pumping, he knocked loudly on it and shouted.
McBride shouted back. “Wait one,” and then the door was opened. Quick, look at the radar, tell me next time I open the door.”
Almost immediately the door opened and Ben slipped out. He was met by a wave in the face. He spluttered, by now drenched, and with no oilskins on. He turned, opened the cupboard, and dragged out the jacket, and hood. He had to hold on to the rail, put one sleeve on, then turn the other way, swap hands, and ease the other sleeve on. On a boat that was dancing, it seemed, in all directions at once. He looked ahead, and saw the state of the sea, and how limited the visibility.
“Well. What did the radar show?”
“It’s not on. The set, it isn’t working.”
Chapter Twenty Five
“What do you mean, the radar isn’t working?”
“There’s no power. All the instruments are dead.”
McBride glanced up. The navigation lights, the port and starboard lights beamed out. The masthead light was on.
“Must be a fuse gone. Unless the navigation lights are on a different circuit.”
“I can go back and look for a fuse box.”
“No, you probably won’t find it. Is the cabin light on?”
“Shit, no. Now you come to mention it. Is there a torch anywhere?”
“Probably near the chart table, but I don’t remember seeing it.”
“I’ll wait for a lull, and pop back into the cabin.” But for the next forty minutes no lull came. It was a series of waves breaking over the deck, water pounding the cabin bulkhead. The yacht was moving fast, carving through the wave tops.
McBride had his eyes everywhere, straining in the near dark, wind and spray obscuring the horizon. No sign of lights from other boats. It was tiring searching the seas and trying to handle the boat as well.
“Ben, while you’re waiting for a chance to get in the cabin, do me a favour and keep a watch for other vessels. I’m having difficulty handling the yacht, as well as scanning for boats.”
“Okay,” said Ben “I’m on to it now.” His eyes roamed the water ahead and to port and starboard.
There was a slight break in the weather, maybe the wind had switched from the quarter, but fewer waves reached the cabin door.
“Quick,” said McBride. “Into the cabin now.”

Once inside with the door closed it was near total black. Ben used his hands over the chart table, up on the walls close by, down the sides of the chart table. His hand struck something round, hanging on a peg. Eureka, it was a torch. He lifted it up; found a switch on the side. The beam nearly blinded him, lighting nearly the whole cabin. He swung the beam up to the instrument shelf. On the back was a row of plugs set in the plywood. Ben reached up, and swung the door closed. A wire led out near the hinge, and under the cupboard, then down the wall beside the chart table. He pointed the torch lower.
The wire ran into a box down on the floor of the cabin. Ben reached down, tried to find out how to open the box. Got his fingers below the box, tried to lever it up. No luck. Moved his fingers to the side. There was a click and the box swung open sideways. Inside the were three glass encased fuses. One each for the plug sockets on the shelf. Impossible that three would blow at once. Statistically, that is.
So he had to trace back even further. But the wire ran under the floor, and try as he might, he couldn’t lift the floor boards at this end of the cabin.
“Ben come out quickly.”
Ben opened the door, and some water came through. Then he was out into the maelstrom. Water in all directions, spray and solid water. Ahead, spray leapt vertically. To the south the rain lashed horizontally.
McBride was battling with wheel, his face grim.
Ahead, Ben saw a sudden flash of light up in the sky. Then nothing. Then another flash.
“John, there’s a lighthouse.”
“I’m trying to turn the ship but the current and the wind’s too strong.”
Ben vaguely wondered why the water should be not only so broken ahead, but why it should spouting like it was.
The yacht lurched and suddenly stalled. A shudder coming through the soles of their shoes. A terrible grating sound could be heard above the noise of the wind whining in the rigging.
The sea pounded the hull, broke with even more strength not only over the exposed deck, but over the cabin top, water rolling over the boat, and running off in foaming streams, before the next wave engulfed the boat. They clung on, the water trying to wash them away into the foaming sea.
“We’ve run aground, hit something, rocks I suppose.” McBride said, his face streaming with water running down from his hair.
“We’ve got rockets in the cupboard.” Ben said, reaching over.
Ben passed one of the two rockets to McBride.
“How do you work them?” asked Ben.
“I’ve done it before, you hold it in the hand, outstretched away from your face, pull the string.”
He was explaining and doing it at the same time. A sudden flash and a red ball of fire climbing into the sky arcing over against the wind, and then a parachute deployed, and the flare climbed even higher in the gale force wind.
Looking round, McBride could see, in the light from the flare, rocks ahead of the boat, and to each side. He had sailed the boat into an inlet, and they appeared to be held by rocks on either side of the keel, perfectly upright. If the tide was still rising it might free the boat, and that could be good. But if the boat didn’t drift free, if the lead weight on the keel had got caught, then a rising tide could completely swamp the yacht. At this stage of tide, it would be possible, though dangerous, to get out onto the rocks.
 It was possibly safer to stay on the boat.
“Ben, I’ll just go down below, try to rescue some belongings.”
“Don’t go, too dangerous. If the boat shifts, it could spring a leak, drown you trapped inside.”
“Maybe so. We’ll go in the clothes we stand up in.”
The flare above them blinked out. They were back in darkness.
“Do we fire the other one straight away, or wait awhile?”
“The rule is do it now,” said McBride. And held his arm out and pulled the string.
The second flare rose up in the air. They both stared around in the light of the erupting flare. This time McBride was making out more that made sense. Ahead was a big flat rock formation, with the outline of a lighthouse, abandoned, only part of its tower remaining. The intermittent beam of light came for a newer lighthouse farther away. Maybe nearer the shore, maybe not. He was disorientated, not knowing which way the shore lay, Straight ahead, or to their left? From the compass reading it had to be one of the two. To the east definitely lay the sea that they had come across from Denmark.
The storm was still raging as strongly. It was nearly half an hour since they fired the flares. McBride was making a decision about abandoning the boat. The large plateau of rock he had seen in the light of the flares, was grey and flat. That surely meant it was above the high tide mark. No seaweed clung to it.
“John, there’s a boat, a lifeboat.”
The boat emerged from the spray and rain. One of the crew, using a loud hailer, spoke above the noise of the storm.
“If we attach a rope, do you think we can pull you off safely?”
McBride cupped his hands round his mouth and shouted back.
“You can try, but I think we are trapped down at the keel. Is the tide rising or falling?”
“Rising.”
“Then I think it’s worth a try.”
The crew member sent a rope expertly thrown, Ben caught it, much to his apparent surprise. McBride secured it to the cleat on the stern, and signalled the lifeboat with a thumbs up.
The lifeboat revved up its powerful engines, and the rope tautened. For a while, nothing happened. Suddenly the boat began to shift an inch at a time until it finally broke free and floated free.
The same crew member, now abandoned the loud hailer, and since they were a lot closer said, “Just check you’re not shipping water. Have you got an engine?”
“Yes, I’ll try it,” said McBride, while Ben went below. McBride started the engine, and it ran fine.
Ben came back up. “It’s bone dry in the cabin.”
McBride shouted the information to the crew member and added, “Can you escort us into port?”
“Yes, but as a private boat, you can only go into the outer harbour. The inner harbour is for commercial boats.”
McBride read the name on the lifeboat. Grace Darling. Of course they must have gone aground on the Farne Islands. A lot further south than they were aiming. They were motoring at a comfortable speed behind the Grace Darling, McBride feeling on top of the world. Nearly journey’s end, and the boat still afloat. He shuddered at the thought of having to phone the news of Nigel’s boat sunk off the Farne Islands, insured or not.
The lifeboat stood off the Seahouses harbour entrance, whilst the Belinda berthed in an empty space on the quay. Then with two sounds of its horn, it moved away. After they had tidied the boat, got all their luggage off, and were standing on the quay, they could see outside the harbour a sand beach, and a tractor towing the lifeboat on a trailer, back to its boathouse.
“Let’s go over and thank them,” said McBride.
By the time they had walked along the road to the lifeboat house, the crew were just easing the boat inside, still on the trailer.
“That was a first-class job you did,” said McBride, shaking hands with first one then another of the crew. “Especially as it wasn’t my boat. The owner would have been sorry if we’d lost it.”
“Were you in trouble before you went into the rocks, I mean apart from the storm?”
“We lost our instrument power. We had no radar, no GPS. The storm was too bad to spend time tracing out the wiring, being only two handed. And tired. We’ve just sailed from the Baltic.”
“Where are you staying tonight? On the boat?”
“We don’t know. Newcastle would be good, then we can get a train down to York. Final destination.” McBride grinned. “If we do leave, can you speak to the harbour master in the morning? I’ll contact the owner, and he’ll be in touch, settle the fees.”
The larger crew member nodded. “I don’t see you getting to Newcastle tonight. The last train left at five o’clock. The last bus, as well. You’ll get a couple of rooms at the Olde Ship in Main Street, it’s out of season, always have rooms then. You can virtually see it from here.” He pointed, “Just past the harbour.”
“Then you’ll be able to talk to the Harbour Master in the morning before you leave. Better that way.”
Still wearing their oilskins, or rather Nigel’s oilskins, they trudged through the lashing rain towards the High Street.
The Olde Ship was indeed the first building on the left, and overlooked the harbour. They went into the bar, full of pictures and memorabilia on the walls, not an inch of wall space left. Even at this early hour, shortly before seven, there were a few men drinking pints.
McBride asked if they had a couple of rooms left for tonight, and the girl handed him a rate card.
“There’s two en suite rooms on the first floor, executive, at fifty five pounds each, breakfast included.”
“We’ll take them,” said McBride, not stopping to consult with Ben. “Do you serve dinner?”
“Just bar meals tonight,” she said, handing him a menu. “There’s a few restaurants up the street, if you prefer.”
McBride paid with his credit card. The girl showed them up to the rooms, and gave them the keys.
“See you down in the bar in twenty minutes,” said McBride to Ben.
McBride went straight to his shower. Once in fresh clothes from his rucksack, he was back in the bar in twenty minutes, and the first thing he did was get a pint of beer. He was so tired, he could barely keep his eyes open. The pint went down fine though.
Ben was another half an hour before he joined McBride.
“What kept you?”
“Let’s order, and then I’ll tell you. I must have some food, it feels as though I haven’t eaten all day.”
“Maybe you haven’t. I can’t remember, it was a busy time.” He signalled for the barmaid, waving his bar menu.
Chapter Twenty Six
They sat at the back of the room away from the bar. They had a table for two, with bar stools. Not very comfortable but that didn’t worry McBride. He was too hungry to worry about things like that. They were wolfing steak and ale pie and chipped potatoes with mushy peas. To McBride it was a banquet.
“So what were you going to tell me, that held you up?”
“I was on the phone upstairs,” said Ben. “I told you I was doing an article for the Daily Mail, or maybe I didn’t. About the fracking demos.” He shovelled food into his mouth, ate it, and then continued.
“I rang the features editor, told him what had happened, how we had got out of a prison camp, sailed back. He was dead chuffed, said get the article in within two days. Then he put me through to a reporter, who wanted all the details of our arrival tonight. I mentioned your name. I hope that was all right.”
McBride put down his fork. “You told him how I was such an idiot, I put the boat on the rocks?”
“Not that you had done it. That we had gone aground after our instruments failed. It will sound good, I promise.”
McBride smiled and said nothing.
“I told him about the life boat, I remembered the name, Grace Darling. The name means something to me, but I can’t think what.”
 “So when you said that, the reporter said, ‘Oh, you were wrecked on the Farne Islands.’”
“Yes, how did you know?”
“Way back in the early nineteenth century a passenger boat travelling from Hull to Dundee in Scotland went aground in a storm, on the Farne Islands, and broke in half. The light house keeper William Darling and his daughter Grace went out with a twenty-foot coble, which is an east coast fishing boat, clinker built, and the two of them rowed. There were more survivors than they thought, about nineteen all told. They had to make two trips to save them all, in terrible winds and waves. The girl was twenty three. The act struck a sentimental chord with people. She became famous. Even more famous when she died young. She was only twenty seven. There’s a memorial up the road, where she was buried. As soon as I saw the name on the lifeboat, I knew where we were.”
“I wish I’d known that. Still it can go in my article.”
“So the morning papers will know we’re back? And so will the SVR. Remember Black Beard? Do you think he’ll still hold a grudge?”
 “I think he will. But it’s too late to change anything.”

Ben was up first in the morning. When McBride came down, Ben was sitting at the breakfast table, his head in a copy of the Daily Mail. He was reading an inside page, and McBride could clearly read the headlines on the front page.
Men escape from Russian prison camp
Daily Mail Exclusive: Ben Stockton diaries on Sunday.
A picture of Ben and of McBride too. Presumably the newspaper had a photo of Ben from his previous writings. The other photo looked like one from his agent’s press pack.
A waitress came over pad in hand. McBride ordered a full English, with two eggs, and coffee.
“I thought that this morning first thing, I want to phone Nigel from here, if they’ll allow that. Tell him where the boat is, and suggest he gets the insurance company to have it surveyed, probably lift it out of the water for that. Tell him the harbour and so on. After that, I think we need two cell phones, pay as you go. To ring up our respective people, tell them we’re safe. I’ve been checking with the hotel. There’s a bus at one o’clock that gets in to Newcastle at half past three. And then there’s a train at six minutes past four that gets to York at quarter past five tonight. Perhaps you could get your sister to meet us? That would be nice. My mother lives in York, but I can’t ask her, because you’d wait there all night, while she’s forgotten to come.”
“Sure, as soon as we’ve got a phone, I’ll phone her. But why didn’t you get a train from here, rather than the bus?”
“Believe me I tried. The main line from Edinburgh to London passes within five miles of where we’re sitting, hundreds of trains a day. But that’s what they do, just pass by. The station’s too small. Except one train at night, and one early morning.”
“How far is it to Newcastle, did you say?”
“I didn’t. It’s fifty miles, give or take.”
“And the bus takes two and a half hours?”
“Yep. You’ll really see the Northumbrian countryside, and most of the villages between here and there, eh?”

After breakfast McBride went up to the bar, and rang the bell. The waitress came out from a room at the back.
“Do you think I would be able to make an international call? I’ll pay for it, of course. To Russia. I’ve got the number, and I can pay you with my credit card. In the old days, you could ask for a cost when you finish the call, but I doubt that applies now. If you have a phone book it might give the cost per minute, and I’ll make sure that you are not out of pocket.”
“I’ll have to ask the manager. Will you just hang on a moment?”
She vanished the way she had come, and five minutes later was back with the news that he could. Would he time the call, and pay for it. The manager had looked the charge up, and it was eighty-five pence a minute.
“Fine,” said McBride, “I’ll go to my room and make the call now.”
He told Ben where he was going, and asked that he be ready to check out at nine o’clock. They had a bit to do before they caught the bus.
In his room, he pulled out Nigel’s card and read the direct line number at the Consulate. Before he called it, he rang down to the bar, and asked for the harbourmaster’s telephone number. Once armed with the number, he sat on the bed and dialled Nigel’s direct number. Almost immediately, it was answered. McBride, pressed his stopwatch function on his wristwatch.
“Good morning Nigel. It’s John McBride here, speaking from Seahouses in England. We got here last night.”
“Jolly good show, McBride. I was getting a bit worried about you. Thought maybe the SVR had caught up with you.”
“They did, a couple of times. Also we had a couple of night’s rest from sailing, on the way. But here we are. Your yacht is in the outer harbour at Seahouses. Just make a note of the harbour master’s telephone number. I have to say that your instruments’ power failed at a crucial time when we were coming in during a storm. You need to get it checked out. And I owe you a couple of distress flares.”
“Distress flares? Dear God, did you get into difficulties?”
“Yes when we lost the instrument power, we ran aground on the Farne Islands.”
“Good Lord!”
“Yes, I was surprised as well. I thought we were near Aberdeen. I’m ashamed to talk about it. Anyway we sent the flares up, and the lifeboat, aptly named Grace Darling came and gave us a tow off. They hung around until we made sure that we weren’t taking in water, then they escorted us into harbour.
Really you should get the insurers to have a survey, maybe inspect the hull and keel. I honestly don’t think the hull was in contact with the rocks, just the keel.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m fully covered, and a bit in profit over the whole affair. Hey, good luck, and even though you’re in England, don’t think the SVR can’t get you.”
“I’ve been thinking about that. When you’re next in England, give me a call, and we’ll meet up for a drink.”
“Will do, goodbye now.”
McBride looked at his watch. Only three minutes. He went downstairs with his rucksack, the oilskins over his arm.
The girl was still behind the bar.
“The call was three minutes, but take a fiver. And there’s the evening meals to pay for. Two of us.”
The girl pulled some paperwork from a drawer, presented a bill, added five pounds, and turned it round on the counter, so that McBride could read it.
McBride paid with his credit card. Ben came stamping downstairs. Together they went out into the Main Street. The weather had improved. There was complete cloud cover, but high and thin. Ben reckoned the sun would be shining by lunchtime. The pavements and roads were still wet from yesterday’s rain.
“What to do first?” asked Ben.
“Let’s go down to the harbour, get rid of the oilskins, meet the harbourmaster.”
They only had to cross over the road in front of the harbour, and they could see the harbour office. First they walked down the quay and boarded Belinda. They unlocked the cupboard, arranged the oilskins neatly on their pegs. They had a last look round the cabin, made sure everything was tidy and still dry, locked up everything and went back onto the harbour to look for the harbour master.
He was in his office, and gave them a smile and arched his eyebrows questioningly.
“Hello,” said McBride, “we brought the yacht Belinda in to harbour last night.”
“Yes, I’ve just been along to have a look at her. She seems in good nick, considering she’s been aground on the islands.”
“We’ve just been on her this morning and she’s not taking in water. Actually the yacht belongs to this guy who chartered it to us.” He gave the harbour master Nigel’s card. “Perhaps you could photocopy it, or I’ll copy the details for you.”
“That’s okay, I’ll photocopy it for you.” While he was doing that McBride said that Nigel had been informed of the boat’s whereabouts, and he had the harbour master’s telephone number. He was also going to arrange for a survey of the boat by the insurers, and they would probably lift the boat out to examine the hull.
“When they speak to me, I can give them names of companies locally who can do that.”
“As to payment of mooring fees, perhaps you can speak to Nigel. I’ll pay you now for the first four weeks, I can’t see it going before that.”
The harbour master put McBride’s credit card through the machine, and gave him a receipt. They wished him good day, and when they came out of the office the sun was shining.
“Next, hit the high street. Phones we need first,” said McBride.
There was only one cell phone shop on the High Street. That saved them traipsing round comparing prices. They haggled in the shop, got an extra discount buying two phones, put twenty pounds of calls on each phone, and a quick charge, whilst they had a coffee in the Starbucks next door.
Ben needed some shoes so they did that, the phones still on charge. They went past a newsagents, and McBride saw that all the headlines were about them. He went to a cash dispenser, got a fistful of notes on his credit card. He went into the newsagent, and bought The Telegraph, The Times, The Sun and The Daily Express. The newsagent gave him a plastic carrier bag to carry them in.
Finally they went back to the phone shop, collected the cell phones, and sat on a bench in the sun, although it wasn’t that warm.
McBride phoned his mother. “Hello, it’s John. I’ve been abroad, just got back, and I’ll be in York at tea time. Can I stay overnight with you? And then I thought I’d catch the train to Skipton in the morning.”
“Of course you can, dear. I’ll make up your old bed. I was worried not hearing from you. And then all those stories in the papers today. My phone’s been ringing off the hook all morning, everyone I know ringing me up.”
“Well, I hadn’t got a cell phone. I lost it somewhere or other. Let me give you the number of this one.”
“Thank you. Now, don’t get into further trouble, and I’ll see you this evening. I’ll book a table at that nice restaurant down the road.” She was not one for cooking if she could dine out.
Chapter Twenty Seven
The red phone rang at two in the morning MSK, Moscow standard time. Vladimir Putin, in his study with one of the Labradors sleeping at his feet picked up the hand set.
It was the head of the SVR, Mikhail Fradkov.
“I am sorry to phone so late. A rather large problem has arisen. It will result in our London ambassador being summoned to Downing Street tomorrow morning. The news has just been printed in tomorrow’s London newspapers.”
“I haven’t gone to bed yet. You know I keep long hours. Please proceed.”
“Two prisoners escaped from the prison camp that Timur Kuschenka of the British desk set up about eighteen months ago. You will recall that this involved removing rogue demonstrators at fracking sites. The ones that had found out it was a Russian plot. I thought at the time that this was a risky enterprise, removing British nationals from the UK.”
“Please get to the heart of the matter, Mikhail.”
“Yes, Sir. The escaped prisoners, two of them, arrived in England last night. They had sailed from Saint Petersburg in a yacht, I think it was stolen.
“One of the Englishmen is a journalist, who phoned a newspaper when they landed, and now all the newspapers are carrying the news on their front pages.”
Putin said, “Their government will demand an apology. Not surprisingly. What are we going to say?”
“Well, I have had Kuschenka arrested. He has not been charged yet, I am still considering what to charge him with. Something that will warrant a twenty year sentence of hard labour. I think we must repatriate the rest of the prisoners, and perhaps give each of them a cash sum to compensate them.”
“Well done. Get that information over to the London Embassy before say six am their time. This will ensure that the ambassador is ready to go and grovel. Tell him that we had no idea this was happening. Kuschenka did this on his own instigation and didn’t reveal it to his superiors. Mention the arrest. Be open.
“And arrange for a telephone link between me and David Cameron, their prime minister. I will give him a personal apology. But link up the call to my study here. And get an interpreter here. Arrange the call for ten thirty our time. I shall have to get up earlier than I had planned. Also make an appointment to visit me at the palace tomorrow afternoon. Tell my secretary there to clear a space for you. Then we will review our actions. Good night.”

Mikhail Fradkov was happy with the call. Say what you like about Putin, and some had been disparaging, but he was resourceful, and quick to make sensible decisions. No other country in the western world had a leader who had an eighty five percent popularity rating. No one had leader with even half that rating.
He got through to the night duty officer at SVR headquarters.
“Open a new file: subject British Prisoners in Russia. I want to see all correspondence and phone call transcripts. Item two, I need an English interpreter here at Mr Putin’s home tomorrow at ten o’clock in the morning.
“At ten thirty in the morning arrange a telephone link up between Mr Putin and Mr David Cameron. If Mr Cameron is not available, then the deputy prime minister. You can start on that now, contacting the London Embassy.”

In London the news was the top item in every television news bulletin. In the United States as well. But by twelve o’clock, the reports were swinging round more in the Russians’ favour. As commentators were reporting Mr Putin’s horror at discovering the action of a department head in the SVR who had done this clandestine deed, unbeknown to his superiors. What is more, Mr Putin had spoken directly to the Prime Minister. He had offered instant repatriation and compensation to the prisoners. There was thought to be upwards of a hundred men. At this stage nobody wondered why the men had been taken prisoner. That would come later. Especially when Ben had written his diaries. But for the moment, Putin had successfully contained the scandal.

Mikhail Fradkov got out of his official car, the chauffeur holding the door open. He walked the few yards to the palace entrance, the chauffeur holding aloft an umbrella to protect him from the fine snow that was falling.
He was met by Mr Putin’s Secretary, a rather stern looking man.
“Good afternoon, Mr Fradkov. Would you like to step this way. Mr Putin is ready to see you now.” In his hand he held the familiar leather file.
Together they walked through the large waiting room, now thronged with seated men and women who were waiting for their own appointments.
The secretary opened the large double doors into Mr Putin’s office.
“Mr Fradkov to see you, Mr President.”
Putin seated at his large desk, bare except for a perpetual calendar, did not rise. But he did smile, an action he accorded to very few.
“Good afternoon Mr President,” said Fradkov, who was in his general’s uniform.
The secretary went to Putin’s side of the desk and laid the leather-bound file at his left. Putin pulled the file towards him, opened it and began to read the contents. Fradkov, having not been invited to sit, stood to attention and gazed at the painting on the wall in front of him.
After a few minutes Putin looked up.
“Sit down, General.”
Fradkov sat in the ornate chair. “The reaction in London was favourable, considering. Public opinion was moving in our favour.”
Putin had been reading the file again.
“Yes. But the test comes tomorrow, when they realise that we have been manipulating the fracking protests.”
“What do you suggest we do?”
“Do? Why nothing of course, except we stop financing the demonstrators. That money can now go towards reimbursing the prisoners.”
“And what about the fracking protests?”
“It is funny how economics comes to our aid. Now the price of oil has fallen to such low levels, it is not worthwhile pursuing fracking. The companies will close down the test drilling, waiting for better times.”
“And we will save money by closing down our work in the UK.”
Putin actually beamed. “Exactly. Put that policy into immediate effect. When the time comes, and oil prices rise we will start again. It may be many months away, but believe me, the price will rise.”

It was pandemonium in 10 Downing Street that morning. Cameron held a cabinet meeting at seven o’clock, attended by the five top ministers. It was agreed to ask the Russian Ambassador to visit Mr Cameron during the course of the morning. During the cabinet meeting he heard that Mr Putin would be telephoning.
At the end of the meeting which lasted only half an hour, Cameron summed up.
“They are making such an effort to play this down, it must be bigger than it looks.”
A special press conference was held by Cameron himself at twelve thirty, just in time to catch the television news bulletins at one o’clock and the journalists stirred expectantly as he strode into the room and stood behind the lectern.
“Good Morning. Yesterday, as you probably read in your own newspapers,” a few of the journalists smiled, “two English nationals came ashore in Northumberland. They had apparently sailed a small boat from Saint Petersburg in Russia. One of the men was a freelance journalist. He claimed that was imprisoned along with other English Nationals in an old Gulag style camp. He had been captured in England and taken against his will to Russia.
“This morning I requested that the Russian Ambassador in London attend number ten to give an explanation. I also had a personal call from President Putin expressing his sorrow that this outrage had taken place. The Ambassador expanded on this and told me that arrangements had been made to repatriate all the English prisoners as soon as possible. He informed me that there may be as many as one hundred prisoners. He had been empowered to tell me that compensation would be paid to each prisoner. He further told me that a senior official in the SVR had acted without authority and the knowledge of the State, to carry out this plot.
“The official, who has not yet been named, has been arrested and will face charges that, if proven will result in a lengthy prison sentence.”
“This evening I will be interviewing one of these returned prisoners, and will give you further news on this at tomorrow’s regular press call.”

Jenny Stockton’s telephone rang at seven o’clock. Jenny and Ben were getting ready to go out to a restaurant to celebrate Ben’s return. Jenny sighed and almost didn’t answer it, angry that anyone was bothering them.
“Ms Stockton. I’m from The Cabinet Office, Number Ten Downing Street. I’m trying to track down your brother.”
Jenny smiled, wondering who of her friends was pulling this prank.
“He’s not taking calls this evening. He’s just returned from several months abroad.”
“I’m aware of that. It is the Prime Minister who wants to speak to him. It is rather urgent.”
Jenny looked across at her brother. “The bloke on the phone says the Prime Minister wants to speak to you.”
Ben took the phone. “If this is a joke, I’m really not laughing.”
“This is no joke, Sir. If you just hold the line, I’m putting you through now.”
The phone clicked and a voice that certainly sounded like Cameron spoke.
“I know you are tired, but I need to get some quotes from you that I can use at tomorrow morning’s press conference. I would rather have met you face to face, but I understand that you are in York at present, so that will not be possible. Will you just give me ten or fifteen minutes?”
Ben pulled a face at his sister. “Okay, Sir. But please keep it brief, I’m just going out to dinner.”
“It’s up to you to be brief but do cover everything, how you came to be captured, the whole affair in your experience. Someone will be taking it down on an extension. If you like I can email you the draft, so you can alter anything that is not correct. Give me your email address, and then go straight ahead, and you can go and have dinner.”
“I had heard that the demonstrators at fracking sites were not only the Green Party, but also Russian help using strong arm tactics. I don’t think the Greens were aware of the Russian angle. The SVR used sleepers that had been set up in the nineties, when the SVR emerged from the ashes of the KGB. One of the sleepers was Ivanovich, a huge man with a beard. There was something odd ball about him. He had a fearsome temper and I’m convinced he is insane. He offered young unemployed men money to live at the fracking sites, even paid for their tents. So that is how I got there. How Ivanovich persuaded the SVR to lay on a prison camp for men who were a threat, I don’t know. But he was getting results. Nobody was fracking, even though all the political parties here were up for it. After all it would solve the National Debt problem, eh? The SVR could go along with anyone who was producing results. To keep the prisoners, they needed a prison camp, and God knows, they had plenty of those. From the Gulags of the Stalin era to the camps to keep Nazi prisoners in during the war. They were still there, a bit decrepit, including the one they used.
“I think they chose that because it wasn’t far from Saint Petersburg. Well, about two hundred and fifty miles, but it’s a big country isn’t it? Well the biggest in the world. Saint Petersburg was where the container ships docked. Did I say that was how they got us out of England?
“All you needed at the prison camp was some dead beat ex-army guards. And you had the remoteness miles away from civilisation. Deep in the pine forests, this one. I do think there was only one camp. I really do think it was the only one. There were maybe a hundred prisoners at the end of my time there. I was held there for about four months. When I first got to the camp, there were probably only half as many as at the end. Ivanovich could have been shipping out about five a month. Well, with his friends at other demo sites. He told them how to get rid of the problem. I think, in the end, he was getting rid of people just because he didn’t like them. Apparently he started shipping people out after he was seen beating someone, a fellow demonstrator to death. The witnesses were shipped out, about three people. That was the start of it.
“Of course, in my case, I really was a threat. I was on the verge of exposing the whole thing. And after I’d gone, my sister asked John McBride if he would help find me. He went down the same route, and walked into the camp asking for me.
“Getting out of the camp was dead easy, once John showed us how. But the SVR were chasing us all the way.”

The Prime Minister’s press conference the next morning was full to capacity. Journalists who hadn’t got seats, stood two deep along the back wall.
The Prime Minister strode in and looked round.
“Good Morning to you all. First on the agenda is the Russian prison affair. As promised I spent some time last night listening to Mr Stockton’s account of his time in Russia. He was able to confirm that in all cases the prisoners had been involved in anti-fracking demonstrations. It seems that the Russians were helping in these protests. In order, frankly, to protect their own export of oil and gas to Europe. They also had some cash contribution from the Middle East oil producers in this connection. That they have been successful can be shown by almost total fracking ban in Europe. They have propaganda experts working round the clock to convince people that fracking is dangerous.
“When they stoop to such levels by trespassing, we cannot let this pass without taking action. My government is putting new laws into effect, subject to parliamentary approval. I am proposing that every Russian national living in this country will have to register with their local police station. All SVR sleepers will be deported immediately. We already have a list held by MI5.”
Chapter Twenty Eight
They caught the bus for Newcastle at the Memorial bus stop. The memorial in question was, of course, the one dedicated to Grace Darling.
They went early, so that Ben could see the Memorial. He was interested as the author of the potential article for the Daily Mail which already he was in the process of writing in longhand. He was impressed, especially in the grandeur of the memorial, usually reserved for people of state power. A carved effigy was on the tomb, with a pair of oars alongside her. A canopy of Portland stone was erected above the tomb. However, as McBride pointed out, she was not buried here, but in a family plot. So that he could spice up the story, McBride told him that Queen Victoria had subscribed money for the building of the monument. He thought it was fifty pounds she donated and immense sum at the time. Ben was still scribbling notes as the bus arrived. A single deck bus, already with a few elderly passengers. Bus journeys were popular with the old. Pensioners got free travel.
“We have to change buses at Belford,” said McBride,” but it will be no hassle.”
But Ben didn’t seem to be listening, as he scribbled away in the notebook resting perilously on his knee. There were three stops before they arrived at Belford. Then they walked a few yards, and caught the X15. Ben asked what the  X stood for on the bus. McBride didn’t know but suggested it might stand for express. That kept Ben laughing for the next few minutes.
McBride dozed for a few minutes, and then they were in Alnwick, the County town of Northumberland, a market town dominated by the castle, home of the Earl of Northumberland. It was now two o’clock, and they were thirty four miles from Newcastle.
In the next hour they visited six villages and arrived at Morpeth, another market town. Ben was still writing in his notebook, and when McBride glanced down at the book, realised he was writing in shorthand. But then, he was a reporter. After three stops in Morpeth, the bus fairly raced along, through the suburban villages, such as High Clifton and Gosforth to deposit them in the city centre, in Haymarket. McBride got directions to Central Station from the bus driver.
McBride told Ben that they had to step on it, the train left in half an hour, and they had to get tickets. From Haymarket, they hurried down Northumberland Street, dodging the crowds of shoppers, and to the high monument in the middle of the road, bearing aloft a statue of Earl de Grey.
A left turn here, and it was downhill to the railway station. They got there with twenty minutes to spare, but still they had to get tickets. They were in such a rush that McBride didn’t notice the large man with the black beard who was watching them.
The train came in on time and McBride marvelled that they would cover the last leg of the journey, a distance of over a hundred miles in an hour and eight minutes. That beat the bus, any day. They were travelling standard class, renamed from the old third class, renamed in turn from second class. No surprise that things would change over nearly two centuries, McBride thought. The train was not too full, and they sat opposite each other at a table for four with two empty seats before they sat in them. The inside seats were occupied with what looked like business men. Smartly dressed, using laptops and speaking to each other occasionally. Ben settled down writing in his notebook, smiling now and then.
“What is making you smile, Ben?”
“The story. We had a great time in retrospect, didn’t we? And a few laughs. I do like adventures.”
McBride looked grumpy and shrugged. But secretly he agreed. He too, liked adventure.
In no time, it seemed, the train pulled into Durham. The other two occupants of McBride and Ben’s table, excused themselves. Ben and McBride had to stand in the aisle while the businessmen left. Ben went into the window seat, and at the other side of the table, so did McBride.
The train pulled out of the station, and McBride who was reading one of this morning’s papers from the plastic bag, looked up as someone sat down next to him.
It was black beard, last seen by McBride when he was being bundled into the back of the transit van at gunpoint. The SVR man, who had been adept at picking them up already.
“Ben, look who’s here.” McBride spoke quietly. The seriousness of his tone of voice made Ben look up straight away.
“My God.”
“Good evening, gentlemen. What a surprise to see you back in England. I hear you have been assaulting my friends, too.”
“You can’t do anything about it. The train is too crowded. You wouldn’t get away with it.” McBride was not as confident as he made out.
“In my right hand I have a small pistol with a silencer. I will choose my moment well, when we run over some noisy track. Then I will fire. When you slump over the table dead, I will shout out that you have had a heart attack, and pull the communication cord. In the ensuing hiatus, I will leave the train which will be stationary. Only after I have left will they find out the truth from the boy here.”
There was a minute of silence as McBride and Ben mulled over the death sentence that Black Beard had pronounced. McBride glanced at the seats around them, mentally calculating who could come to his aid. Not the people opposite their seats, a man and a woman, they were too old, possibly in their eighties.
Black Beard spoke again, in a more breathless way, and louder, much louder. People were turning round, looking at him.
“You won’t get away with this I can tell you.” He was screaming now. McBride could see the conductor coming along the aisle examining tickets. He was one table back. He looked up as he heard Black Beard.
“And I will kill you, believe me. I can’t stand you!”
The conductor reached their table. “Tickets please.”
Black Beard took no notice. “I am going to shoot you now!” That shook McBride. He glanced down. Black Beard had both hands under the table. He kicked Ben’s leg.
“Quick, kick him in the balls.”
Black Beard looked now at Ben in bewilderment. A moment later, he was moaning, and leaning with his head down on the table. McBride felt under the table, searching for Black Beards hands, and the pistol. He was hardly in a position to be holding anything other than his privates. McBride hadn’t heard the pistol hit the floor, so he assumed it must still be within reach. He felt stealthily on Black Beard’s lap, and then along the seat by the man’s right hand. Nothing. He couldn’t have had a gun. McBride blew a sigh of relief. It was nice to be alive.
Ben was holding out his ticket to the conductor. McBride pulled his ticket out. Black Beard still had his head down and appeared to be weeping.
When the conductor had punched Ben and McBride’s tickets, he shook Black Beard by the shoulder.
“Your ticket please, Sir.”
Black Beard looked up and snarled. “I haven’t got one.”
“You will have to purchase one now. Where is your destination?”
“London.” The conductor told him the price. Black Beard tendered a credit card. The transaction was quickly finished.
McBride said, “This man is behaving badly, he has sexually assaulted me, and you heard him ranting. Can he be moved to another seat?”
The conductor said to Black Beard. “I’ve got a much better seat for you down the train, please come with me. Much to McBride’s astonishment, Black Beard stood up to leave with the conductor. But he muttered.
“I haven’t finished with you yet.” He meekly followed the conductor who was walking back in the direction he had come from.
Almost immediately there was an announcement. In a few minutes we shall be arriving in York. Change here for Manchester, Leeds and Huddersfield, Hull.
Please check that you have all your belongings with you before you leave the train.
People were standing up, and moving into the aisle. There was no sign of Black Beard, hidden by the passengers disembarking.
“Quick,” said McBride, “let’s get moving, while we are not being watched, push your way into the aisle.”
They did so, tolerant passengers letting them into the queue for the exit.
McBride gave a grateful smile to the pretty woman who let him out of his seat.

Out on the platform, amongst the crowds, McBride glanced back at the train windows. He couldn’t see anybody in the train that was looking out. Ben thankfully had put his notebook away, the first time he had stopped writing since he was at the monument in Seahouses.
Walking along to the platform, McBride said, “Finished the article so soon?”
“Not exactly. The broad outline is there, and a lot of detail. A couple more hours with a laptop, and I can email it to London.”
“Will they pay you a lot of money?”
“Probably in excess of a couple of grand. It is an exclusive.”
“Not bad. Now, where will your sister be?”
“I would think in the front of the station, on the pavement, watching.”
They got outside, and there she was. McBride recognised her, and she was even prettier than he remembered. Too long without women, he thought. She saw Ben and embraced him, pushed herself back, with her hands on his shoulders.
“You’re a lot thinner. You need building up.”
“Yes, Sis.”
“It’s all muscle, he’s had to work hard the last couple of weeks,” said McBride.
She turned to him, put her arms round him,and looked up into his face.
“You promised me, and you brought him back. What ever can I do to thank you?”
“Well, it’s been a bit of fun. So, if you can drop me off in town, that will be thanks enough. I’m staying in York with my mother, go home tomorrow.”
Her car was in the station short stay park, only round the corner. McBride gave directions, and asked to be dropped off at the corner of a street.
“Here will do just fine. Goodbye, Ben. Keep in touch. Goodbye to you both.”
When the car had moved off, McBride watched the traffic for a minute or two. He looked at the pedestrians. No-one seemed interested in him. He didn’t really think he would be followed. He thought the next altercation would be at his house, tomorrow. Nevertheless, he took a winding way to his mother’s house, rather than lead anybody direct.
He arrived at the street where his mother’s house was located, looked in every direction. He was not being followed, he was certain. He was still cautious, and walked past the house to the other end of the street, before turning back again. He rang the doorbell of the large double-fronted Georgian house, one of a terrace, directly on the street, no garden at the front. His mother was at the door almost immediately. When he was in the hall, she gave him a hug.
“You big silly boy,” she said.
She had told him they were dining out, and he knew the restaurant was only a dozen doors down the street. Would it endanger his mother, he asked himself? He couldn’t do anything that would draw her into the firing line.
“Mother, how about having a meal at home? I don’t mind cooking.”
“You’ll do nothing of the sort. I’ve booked a table, and it’s my treat.”
“Okay, Mother. Do I have time to make an urgent phone call?”
“We’re not going until eight. Nobody dines before that.”
Well maybe in York, but he knew plenty who did.
Chapter Twenty Nine
McBride used his cell phone. Rather that than let his mother’s phone number get into the hands of MI5. You never knew, best not to take the chance.
The phone bleeped, rang three times before it was picked up.
“Michael, it’s John McBride here. Free to talk?”
“Yes, sure. I see in the papers that you are back. With your friend Ben. I tried to get you a couple of weeks ago, but your phone was dead.”
“Yes, I lost it somewhere along the way. I met your friend today, Black Beard, I don’t know his real name -- ”
“Ivan Ivanovich,” said Morton.
“Yes, well Ivan is a raving lunatic. He’s going to kill me, so he says. And I’m worried he might. So, where can I get a pistol?”
“You can get one with a man attached, me.”
“You go round shooting people? Bond, licenced to kill?”
“You’ve got it wrong way round. In the service, there’s a list of people who we are allowed to shoot. So we’re all licenced to kill, but only certain victims.”
“Does Ivan appear on the list?”
“Since a couple of weeks ago, yes.”
McBride decided to tell Morton of his fear.
“Ivan was on the train. He must know by now that I got off the train at York. Even if he doesn’t, he will know where I live. There’s been lots of publicity concerning me over the years, my address is not secret. Hey, they even did a feature in Country Houses. I’m staying in York tonight with my mother. Going home to Skipton tomorrow morning. I’ll bet you a hundred pounds to fifty pence he is there already, waiting for me.”
“He’s obsessive enough. I’m in London now, got a posting that’s better than Manchester. I could catch a train to York in the morning.”
“Bloody hell, I don’t think London’s better than anywhere in the north. But if you can be up here in time to catch the nine forty five train from York to Skipton with your pistol, I’ll be with you.”
“No problem. I know I can be in York for nine, so I’ll see you in the buffet.”
“The one just inside the station entrance. I’ll be there. And thanks a lot.”
“All part of the service.” He laughed.

Mother walked into the living room, dressed to go. A handsome woman, McBride had to concede. Seventy two now, but she looked ten years younger at least. He could not understand why she hadn’t married again. Unless she liked to be in control. Suddenly he realised that was it. McBride stood up.
“Is it time to go?”
She looked over at the clock. “Of course. Aren’t you getting ready?”
“I am ready.”
“I meant aren’t you going to dress a little, well, more formally?”
McBride looked down at his clothes. Chinos, clean, dark navy. Shirt, white, open neck. Shoes, leather, brown.
“I don’t expect I will be out of place. Restaurants don’t expect you to wear ties anymore.”
She sighed. “The whole damn country is going to pot. Come on.” And she went out of the room, McBride following her.
When they reached the hall door, McBride turned to her.
“Let me out of the door first.”
“It’s ladies first, my dear. Have you forgotten all the manners I taught you?”
“Just checking that the coast is clear.”
“What do you mean?”
“There’s someone I don’t want to meet.”
“You don’t owe any money, do you? You told me you were, what did you call it, rolling in it.”
“It’s not about money, Mother. It’s a private feud. The guy is a madman. I don’t think he will be outside, for a moment, but I’m not going to get you involved. Just bear with me, and let me out first.”
She sighed again, but allowed him to go out, scan the street.
“All clear,” he said. His mother came out, pulled the door closed, heard the latch click home.
They walked the fifty yards to the restaurant, McBride on the outside, nearest the road, as his mother had taught him.

They got home at ten o’clock and McBride excused himself, said he was tired and needed an early night. He had just turned back the bed covers when his cell phone rang.
“John McBride.” He thought it would be his agent at first. Then remembering he wouldn’t have the new number.
“I hope it isn’t too late to phone. It’s Jenny Stockton here. You know, Ben’s sister.”
“How did you know my number?”
“Ben remembered, from when you both bought phones together. He owes you for his, so he’ll probably send a cheque.”
“Don’t worry. Tell him to take it as a gift.”
“That wasn’t why I rang. I wanted to thank you for doing such a fine job of bringing Ben back safe and sound. I wanted to take you out for a meal, as a thank you.”
“That’s kind of you. Can I phone you back tomorrow? I’ve got a job that needs doing. I should be able to phone you sometime late afternoon. Will that be okay? Haven’ I got your number? You gave it to me. If you haven’t changed it, then it’s in my wallet.”
“I really do look forward to seeing you again. Bye.”
McBride hoped he had scored there. She was a lovely girl.

At nine o’clock the following morning, he kissed his mother goodbye.
“Just be careful who you answer the door to. Keep the chain on, until you see who it is. Only until I phone you and tell you the situation is normal again. Promise?”
“Okay, I promise. You really shouldn’t get involved in dangerous things. Just be an artist.”
“I will, Mother, I will.” As he closed the door behind him, and walked up the street.

The railway station was not quite so busy now the rush hour was over. He went into the buffet, scanned the seated customers. Michael had not arrived. He went to the counter ordered an Americano black, found an empty table.
A few minutes later he saw Michael, looking smart in a black business great coat, dark grey trousers, black highly polished shoes. Your modern MI5 man.
McBride waved and Michael came over, hand outstretched. McBride stood up, took his hand.
Morton said, “I did have my doubts whether I’d ever see you again, you rash man.”
“Let me get you a coffee.”
“I’ve spent the morning drinking coffee on the train. Let’s get our tickets.”
As they went out to the ticket office, Morton, ever the spy, looked carefully at everyone in sight.
“I don’t think Ivan would be very good at disguise,” McBride said.
“I have other enemies.”
“Boasting now. You don’t change,” said McBride, with a straight face.

Once on the Skipton train, a diesel unit with hard upright bus style seats facing each other, but with no tables between, Morton said, “I did some checking with the office after you phoned last night. Nobody knew where Ivanovitch was, so he could be in Skipton. But if he isn’t I can’t spend too long with you. I mean, as your bodyguard.”
“The busy life of a spy.”
Morton gazed out of the window. “Nice countryside. That’s the downside of living in London. Constant traffic fumes, noise, and superb restaurants that rip you off.”
“I’ve spent a year or two in London, in the services. Whitehall. When you live there, the rest of the country may as well not exist. The London editions of the dailies don’t even report anything that happens outside the Metropolis. It’s, well you could say, parochial.”
“I know what you mean. I’ve just remembered what I was going to say to you last night. That fracking site you met Black Beard at, it got finished, despite the demos. It has been mothballed. The low price of oil and gas makes it not worthwhile.”
McBride laughed.
“The price will go up eventually, then the well will be back on stream.”
They walked out of the station side by side. McBride was alert now. Ivan could be anywhere even at the station watching for him. But he wasn’t. As they walked up the High Street, Michael was looking round with interest.
“I could live here. Nice market town.”
“Yorkshire Dales on the doorstep. Leeds only a short ride away. Harrogate close. I like it.”
It was a ten minute walk to McBride’s house. An old townhouse, that may have belonged to a cotton mill owner a couple of centuries ago. But now belonged to McBride. Paid for in full and refurbished. Morton looked envious.
The house was close to the road, double fronted with a small strip of a garden, and a low wall and laurel hedge, closely clipped. The front door was centrally located, windows to each side. A small portico over the front door.
The house was totally detached, garden at either side, but only by about eight feet. Morton walked on past the house, McBride followed him.
“Give me details of the interior, before we enter. Are you going round the back, get in there? I go in with pistol out and confront him. I don’t think he will shoot me straight away, because he was expecting you,” said Morton. “In that case it will be a gun battle.”
“Brave of you. He’s waiting there, on a chair probably. Soon as the door opens, bang. He won’t wait to check. It’s me he’s expecting. It’s my house after all.”
“Except I don’t suppose he’s wearing a Kevlar vest.”
McBride looked at him. “You hide it well, still looking svelte.”
“So, you’ve got a back door key? You time it to come in before he has got over the shock of seeing me. Presumably you’ll be behind him. Use your SAS tactics and kill him. That way I save a bullet.”
“Government still trying to cut back?”
“All the time. Even on salaries. Three years since I got a raise.”
“Right, cut the crap,” said McBride. “Give me five minutes before
you go in. And just one thing.”
“What?”
“Don’t shoot me by mistake. When you go through the front door, there’s
a wide hall, with doors either side. And I chopped the end wall out, into the sitting room. Windows on the wall facing you. A sofa in front of the windows. I guess he’ll be sitting there, facing the door, about twenty feet away.”
“He’s made a mistake then. He wouldn’t be sure of killing from that
distance. He might be sitting in a chair in the hall.”
“There are no chairs in the hall.”
“You don’t think he might re-arrange the furniture? He’s had all night to do it.”
“There is that. Remember, five minutes, I’m going now, here’s the front door key.”

McBride went up the side path to the left of the house. Just round the back, at this side the back door led directly into the kitchen. He had his key in his hand.
Before he opened the door he looked carefully through the window in the door. All clear. Unless Ivan was crouching down below the central granite topped prep counter. He though not. The door from the kitchen to the rest of the house was closed. He eased the key round in the lock, pushed open the door slowly. He walked across the kitchen to the opposite end. There was a door into the dining room. He crossed the dining room, still on the window side. Another door, this time to the living room in which sat Ivan. Maybe.
McBride bent down at the door, looked through the keyhole. He could see the sofa, straight ahead, perhaps nine feet away. It was empty.
A movement to his right was somebody’s head. Ivan was sitting on the upholstered chair to the right of the door. Presumably had heard Morton open the front door. Whilst Ivan’s attention was distracted, McBride opened the door, stepped through. He was still behind Ivan, to his left. Across the room, Morton came into view, cautious, his pistol raised in front of him. Ivan lifted his arm. Hesitated for just a moment.
McBride dived forward, grabbed his arm, twisted it violently, the pistol spun out of his hand and bounced on the carpet.
“Get out of the way,” Morton said.
As Ivan snarled and struggled to get out of the chair, McBride drew his arm back and unleashed the mightiest punch of his life. It hit where intended, in Ivan’s larynx. Ivan who had been rising forward to get out of the chair, his momentum still propelling forward and fell on the floor and after a few gasping sounds didn’t move.
Morton came over. “You’ve killed him?”
“It’s possible. I tried to.”
Morton was bending over, feeling for a pulse. “You have.”
“Good, it saved getting blood on the furniture and the carpet.”
“My God, I’ve never seen a blow used like that.”
“The SAS could teach you a thing or two,” said McBride. “Do we bury him in the garden, or what?”
“I make a phone call and in an hour or so, two men with a van come and collect the body. Perhaps we can have a drink, do some shopping. Still too early for lunch.” Morton pulled out his cell phone, punched buttons. Spoke very few words, gave McBride’s address. McBride remembered to call his mother, tell her the matter had been resolved, and there was no further need for caution. Then he phoned Jenny, and arranged the date for that evening, in York.
“I wouldn’t mind a whisky if you have it.”
“A single malt is what we both deserve.” McBride went over to the drinks cupboard, poured two large tots, gave one to Morton.
“Would you like me to show you round while we drink? Get away from Ivan?”
He led the way into his studio, in one of the front rooms, large window facing north. There were two large plan chests, a counterbalanced drawing board. On the walls, framed paintings dozens of them, the best that Morton had ever seen.
“If people phone, and want to look at some paintings, they are welcome to come and view these. Most of my paintings are sold through my agent’s galleries of course, but I’m delighted to sell direct. That way I get twice the price.”
Morton spent the next half-an-hour looking at the paintings, while McBride gave a running commentary on the locations.
They were in the kitchen having coffee and biscuits when the doorbell went. McBride answered the door, and two young men stood on the doorstep. Outside the gate he could see a shiny black van.
“Mr Morton asked us to collect a parcel,” one of them said.
“Oh, yes. Come inside.”
Morton was in the living room standing by the body. One of the men was carrying what turned out to be a body bag. They very expertly straightened out the body, rolled it on to the unzipped bag. Then they zipped it up, carrying one end each down the hallway. Morton opened the door, said “Goodbye.” As easy as that.
“That’s a phone number I could do to know,” said McBride.
“You wish,” said Morton.
