
                         NO TELLING


  A HIGHCROFT and LOVALL MYSTERY








For my mother, who never believed I could do it!






 Chapter One 



To say he was anxious would be an exaggeration. He was annoyed, and maybe a little unsettled, which was why he had needed to follow up with a new one so quickly. That done and safely in the cupboard, so to speak, he felt better. 
This one hadn’t caused any problems at all. It had all gone like clockwork, and he didn’t expect anything else to trouble him to-day.   
He grabbed a beer from the fridge, turned on his sixty-inch flat-screen and sat down to relax in front of the Open. He had barely settled into the comfort of the feather and duck-down cushions when the face that had been on the bill boards all week appeared on the screen.
Not again.
It was the last item on the news. Wouldn’t you think that with a missing aircraft, a couple of high profile trials, and the teachers strike they’d have enough proper news? But no. An appeal for information concerning the missing girl, Anna Cox was being screened.
He stared at the screen, shaking his head as the detective introduced the parents. They hadn’t even tidied themselves up for this. The mother wasn’t wearing make-up, the father hadn’t even combed his hair, and they were both wearing clothes straight from the discount stores. Who the hell should care about them and their delinquent child? 
The detective was only slightly better. She was shapely enough. Fit even. The sort of woman he might notice if she chose to make something of herself, but she clearly didn’t. 
The parents were speaking now. “It’s so out of character...” the mother said. Her voice broke and she couldn’t say any more. He knew that this was a lie. The anguish, the shaking shoulders. She should learn to control herself. 
“She wouldn’t worry her mother...” the father said, putting his arm round his wife and drawing her close. 
More lies. Then there was the photo again, a phone number flashed across the screen, and it was over.
He stood up, strode heavily across the room and picked up the land line. He thumped it down again without dialling. Waste of bloody time.
He had been careful, chosen so very carefully. He had used the usual criteria; low social class, a history of absconding, unsuitable previous relationships, and she was over sixteen. Just. Why the hell was all this happening?
 He told himself to get a grip. The body was well hidden. No one would find it. No body; no murder. Simple as that. She’d be classified as a runaway, just as he had intended, and that’d be the end of it. Hadn’t he got the other one ready and waiting? He should relax and think of her. Why should he worry?
Last time he had used that spot, it had taken over a year before someone stumbled across it. That was... God, how long ago? Fifteen years. Maybe a bit longer.
No.
It would have been better to have taken her higher up, further off the beaten track. What had he been thinking?
She had been surprisingly heavy. A dead weight. Or maybe he wasn’t as fit as he used to be. The long slow climb on an ink black night had nearly killed him. His back ached, his breath coming in gasps, and he couldn’t go any further. Sweat was pouring off him. 
He had wiped his face with his handkerchief. The silk felt cool and soft. He made sure he put it away with extra care. It was monogrammed. He couldn’t afford to leave any stupid clues this time.
The last time he used that spot he hadn’t had to lug a body all the way. That time she had come willingly. On a bright and sunlit afternoon, he had persuaded her to take one last walk with him, into the hills where they had spent so much time together. 
It had been a struggle to hide the rage that was tearing away at his insides as they plodded up the hill. It had been so hard to keep a pleasant chat going and a warm and interested expression on his face, but she was distracted, and he had made her feel safe. He had convinced her that they should clear the air between them, so that they would remain friends after she dumped him. 
She really believed that that could happen, the stupid bitch. They were all stupid bitches. 
Like with many things, the first one was the best. He remembered with a stirring in his groin the shock in her eyes when he drew the knife, and the gurgling sound that cut off her final breath. He would never forget the unexpected surge of excitement and the feeling of power. When she was dead, he had never felt so alive.  
From that moment he was hooked. He had known, with grim certainty, that the course of his life had changed. He would kill again. Not on his home turf though. And he hadn’t until this one.
He shouldn’t have to worry; he wasn’t without influence. But any hope of enjoying the golf had flown right out the window.  
He flicked between channels for further news, occasionally going to the window to check that no one was hanging around outside.  





Chapter Two

					

	
Louise Highcroft hadn’t wanted company on the Saturday when the television appeal went out, but Detective Inspector Radley had other ideas. Aiden was there. To help with the flood of phone calls, Radley had said, enjoying his little joke enough to repeat it louder so that the rest of the office could appreciate it too.
“Here’s a prime example of our Louise pleasing herself about what she wastes resources on,” he’d added. The rest of Seaford’s small C.I.D. team nodded and smiled.  
“What resources?” Louise pushed back. “It’s a news story. It won’t cost us anything, and anyway, you told me to check the parents. Everyone knows this is a good way of testing them. They might give something away, under the pressure-”
“So who’s going to follow up any leads? That’ll cost us time and money.”
“But you keep telling me there won’t be any extra leads.”
“There are always people who think they’ve got useful information. They won’t have, but we’ll have to check it anyway.”
“There could be sightings. That’ll reassure the family.”
“Most sightings are misleading. All this for a runaway? Really, Louise?” He threw his hands in the air.
“But if we get Anna to decide to come back…”
“She’ll be back in her own good time.”   
Louise had seen mercifully little of him or the rest of them since picking up the case. She had been far too busy all week, double checking everything that Anna’s parents had told her. 
They were certain that their daughter hadn’t just run away. They bitterly resented the fact that Radley had not started a search immediately, because he thought ‘she would probably turn up’. 
Radley was basing his assumptions on something that had happened a year ago. It had emerged during a difficult interview, with both parents beside themselves with worry and furious with the lack of response from the police. But her father, Brian, had gritted his teeth and told the story.    
“She met this boy,” he said. “Jason. He was in his twenties, and Anna was only fifteen. He was a troubled lad from one of the worst families around here and not too bright. Anyway, she fancied herself in love with him.” He took a gulp of air and cast his eyes skyward.
“Of course we didn’t approve,” he continued. “She was a child. He was a grown man. He had no right... We tried to stop her seeing him, but she was always running off down there. Just listening to music, she said, not doing anything.” He shook his head. 
“We tried to get the police to stop it,” he said. “And I think they did go to see him once, but as far as they were concerned he hadn’t broken any laws, and it was up to us to control our daughter.”
He leant forward to grab a tissue from the box on the coffee table. 
“She would disappear for a couple of days, and we would keep going down there, just to have his mum and step-dad laugh it off and say she’d come back when she was ready.” He paused to blow his nose. “I’d shout through the house to her but get nothing back but lip. And still the police wouldn’t act. And now they’ve got my daughter down as some sort of slut who’ll run off with any bloke under the sun, and they can’t be bothered to look for her.”
 “How did it end with Jason?’ Louise asked. ‘I assume she isn’t seeing him now.”
“No, she isn’t. Something happened that put an end to it once and for all.” Brian paused.
“Can you tell me what happened?” Louise prompted after a moment had passed.
He filled his lungs and let the air out slowly before starting to speak again. 
“Late one evening, after she had been over there for two nights, she came tearing in through the back door as if the devil were after her. She had bruises on her face, her blouse was hanging open with all the buttons gone, and she was white and shaking like a leaf. I didn’t stop to find out what had happened. I left her with her Mum and went straight down there. I was going to kill him, make no mistake.
“But when I got there, there were blue flashing lights and sirens all over the place, and a battle royal going on inside the house. All the neighbours were gawping and adding their two penny-worth. 
“Jason had caught his dad trying to have a grope of our Anna, and had beaten him half to death,” he said. “Jason was arrested and charged with ABH, and the old man was taken off to hospital. Later he was charged with indecent assault against Anna, but the charges were all dropped because Jason, and the rest of his family, joined forces against her. 
“They said she was lying, and they refused to give evidence against each other. The only justice we got was that the family were hounded out of the neighbourhood. The council had to move them on again, which is how we’d got the buggers here in the first place-” 
“Brian, calm down,” his wife put in.
“No, it’s all good, Mrs Cox,” Louise said. “Go on Brian just tell me as much as you can.”
“Anna felt badly let down by Jason,” Brian continued. “She had loved him, if you believe they can really be in love at that age, but he very quickly showed how little he cared about her. His statement made out that she was a flirt who played up to men then cried off and made a fuss if they so much as looked at her in return. We couldn’t expect her to go to court against that. They would have destroyed her in the witness box. It wasn’t worth it, and she just wanted it all forgotten.
“So the only one who ended up with a black mark against his name, was me. I got charged with affray for bowling in there all guns blazing, sounding off at everyone and trying to get my hands on either one of them. Anna was devastated by that, but it brought her to her senses. I think she realised she’d made a big mistake with Jason, and that it was us who were trying to protect her.”
He paused. Louise nodded, encouraging him to continue.  
“She realised that Jason was basically a do-anything-to-save-his-own-hide, rat,” he said. “He had never cared about her as much as she did him. She was hurt and upset for months. She turned inward for a time. Then she gradually came out of it, but she was never the same girl again.  She’s more caring than most girls of her age, but her confidence has gone. She’s sort of more dependent on us, and just nicer.”
“Not that she wasn’t a lovely girl before,” said June. “Underneath and all...” 
“The teenage years are never easy,” Brian continued, “especially with girls, but with Anna it was even more of a baptism of fire. We had that awful three months when we were worried sick, and it ended in near disaster. It destroyed her faith in people.”
“It was very hard for her...” June said.  
“Then she gradually matured out of it,” Brian said. “She became more thoughtful and caring than most girls her age, and it’s sad that it had to happen. I’d have given anything for her to have stayed as cocky and mouthy as she had been before. But it’s because of that that I know that she is not just playing up now. She would phone if she could. She wouldn’t let her mother worry like this. I just know she wouldn’t.” 
That’s what they had said, and Louise had started to believe them. Against Radley’s expressed instructions, she had set a publicity campaign in motion and got the search started. 
But after a week of looking, nothing had turned up that gave any clues about Anna Cox’s disappearance.
Louise had followed in Anna’s last known footsteps, up and down the high streets of Lewes and Seaford, just as her parents had done soon after her disappearance.  The shopkeepers were helpful, but no one knew anything.
Interviews with Anna’s school friends had confirmed that there were no secret boyfriends, and no going off and disappearing for hours. They all said that Anna would never want to upset her parents like this. 
One friend, Kirsten, had told her that Louise hadn’t even mentioned to her parents that she needed money for the school prom. She thought it would worry them, and put them under pressure when her Dad wasn’t getting in as much money as he used to. She would miss the prom rather than do that. That’s what they were doing in Lewes that day. Looking for prom dresses. Except Anna wasn’t.
That was why Anna had left them in Lewes to go home on her own rather than go on to Brighton with the rest of the crowd. Kirsten hadn’t told Anna’s parents that, when they asked her about that final shopping trip. It would have made them feel bad and Anna wouldn’t have liked that.    
Everyone Louise had spoken to had made her even more certain that the parents were right. Something had happened to Anna after she left her friends in Lewes to return to Seaford. 
But the television appeal hadn’t thrown anything up so far. 
After a few hours she called the Cox’s. The desperation in Brian’s voice told her that they had not heard anything either. 
She noticed Aiden yawning pointedly as she put the phone down.   
“Why are you here?” she asked him.
“To make sure you don’t make too big a fool of yourself, of course.” 
“And I thought it was my charisma and charm that you couldn’t resist.”
He snorted. “Radley wanted someone to keep an eye on you. He doesn’t mind you humiliating yourself, but he doesn’t want the whole department embarrassed.”
Louise stood up, stretched and wandered out to the front office where Bob Hanson was on duty. 
“How’s it going then, Lulu?” he asked, using a name that only an old friend of her father could get away with. She found it strangely comforting.
“Nothing at all useful yet, Bob,” she replied.  “I think I’m going to end up with egg on my face. Radley certainly thinks so. Perhaps she has run off with a new boyfriend and is perfectly safe where she is.”
“It’s possible. In fact it’s probable. But that doesn’t mean you’ve done the wrong thing. The publicity may prompt her to get in touch, or even to come back, and the parents are entitled to have someone try for them.”
“I wish Radley agreed.”
“Take no notice of him, Lou. He’s always been a lazy sod, now he’s close to retirement he’s worse than ever.” He paused shifting his attention towards a newcomer, and added softly, “Uh-oh, look who’s here now.”
A tall gangly youth came up to the desk, shaking his head spasmodically and muttering under his breath.
“I know where she is. The girl...” he said. “I saw the parents on television. They were crying. So upset. I know where she is. I know where bodies get hidden. It’s a secret place, but I know where it is. Her mum and dad, so sad... People shouldn’t die...”
 “Now come on Christian, you don’t know where she is,” Bob said. “We’ve been through this before.” He turned to Louise. “I thought we’d seen the last of this lad. He hasn’t been in for quite a while. Christian, you haven’t killed anyone.”
“I have. I did. You’re wrong.” 
“It’s all been checked out before, Christian. We’ve DNA’d you, we’ve done every kind of search. Go home. Call your nurse or something, before I decide to charge you with wasting our time.”
“You’re wrong. You’re all wrong. Take me to the place. Along the seafront, up the hill...” his voice tailed off again, “I’ll show you...hide bodies there...good place to hide...”
“Who hides bodies? Do you mean yourself?” Louise asked.
“No, not me, someone...I don’t know. Perhaps it’s me. No, it’s someone else.” He clasped each side of his head and began rocking. “Mustn’t tell... No, I do want to help... Those poor parents, I want to show you.”
Something in his voice prompted Louise to act. “Can you take over the phone for a bit, Bob?” she asked. 
“Sure, it is quiet today. Just don’t be too long.” 
“Thanks. Okay, Christian, we’ll take you where you want to go. You’ll feel better if you see that there is nothing there. I’ll get a colleague, and a car.” She glanced at Bob. “Aiden might as well do something useful, as he’s here.”
Aiden drove. Louise sat in the back with Christian.
“Don’t worry, mate, we’ll have a quick look at the place, and then we’ll run you home,” she put her arm round his shoulders and gave a little squeeze. “Tell me what you’ve been doing the last few days?” 
 “Nothing much really,” Christian said, relaxing a tiny bit.
“What things are you interested in, Christian?”
“Dunno. I like computer games and listening to music. I used to read before I got ill, but I can’t concentrate now...”
“Do you like going out?”
“I walk round the fields near my house sometimes. That’s okay.”
“Do you often go to the place you’re taking us?”
“No, never...not now...”
Talking had seemed to help, but now he screwed himself into a ball, grinding his fists into his eyes. They carried on in silence. 
 “Okay, Christian, where do you want me to stop?” Aiden asked as they reached the car park at the foot of the path to Seaford Head.  
Christian pulled himself up and looked around blankly. He shut his eyes for a moment or two. Louise felt his body tense, and when he spoke again his voice was almost childlike. 
“There’s a path. It’s over there,” he said, pointing towards the eastern end of the seafront. “Where the cliffs start. You walk from there. Go up past the golf course. The path leads over to Cuckmere Haven, but there’s another, thinner path. It leads into the hills.”
His breath was coming in short panicky bursts. 
“You’re all right, Christian.” Louise said, wishing she hadn’t bothered with this. It wasn’t helping anyone. She ought to have stayed at the station. “Let’s just walk along a little way. There’s nothing here to frighten you; you’ll see. I think you’re getting bad dreams mixed up with reality, that’s all. You’ll feel better when you see there’s nothing up here.”
“Amateur psychologist, now, are we?” Aiden muttered.
Following Christian, they left the path and walked slowly towards the top of the ridge. Aiden was slightly ahead, and Louise followed, arm in arm with Christian, reassuring him as they went.
“How much further?” Aiden asked.
Louise turned to Christian, but his face was pale and blank. 
The path was getting narrower and steeper. They had to walk in single file, edging their way along, between a wire fence and thick gorse bushes. Bracken spilled through the fence, brushing against their legs. A taller bush whipped back, hitting Louise across the face as Aiden pushed past it. She slowed, allowing more space between them. Christian had dropped behind, and a gap was opening up.    
They had almost reached the top of the ridge where the path went through open fields, when Louise stopped.
There was a small area where the bushes that covered the top of the slope had been disturbed. Some of the small branches and twigs were bent or broken, as if someone had gone down there recently. 
She called Aiden back, and they peered down the slope together. Deep brambles and spiky yellow gorse hid the bottom from view. Christian had stopped a little further down the path. He had sunk to his knees and was curled up into a tight ball. He was emitting a low wail.
Louise set off down the slope, and Aiden, after the briefest hesitation, followed.
“It’s probably nothing,” he said, as they reached the bottom, “most likely it’s a spot where kids play and have made a den or something.” 
“I thought I saw something,” Louise said. “Under those bushes.”
Aiden looked to where she was pointing.
“Looks like a roll of carpet. Fly tippers, Louise. They probably pushed it from the top, and it rolled right down here and deep into the gorse. We can’t reach it. Let’s go.”  
“No. I think we should check it out,” she replied, peering into the thorny bushes.  “I think I can get in there. If you pull those bigger branches back, I’ll squeeze through and see what it is in there.”
Louise got down on to her front and wriggled forward, the thorny gorse piercing her clothes and scratching her to pieces. She kept going until she could reach the tip of the carpet.
“What do you think?” Aiden called.
“Don’t know. It’s got something around it. It’s tied. I’ll have to pull it out.”
She grabbed hold of the nearest edge of the bundle. It seemed to be only one layer of carpet wrapped round something. She shivered despite feeling warm, and her pulse quickened. 
“I’ll have to pull it through; I can’t open it here. God, it’s heavy.” 
Louise made slow progress. Inch by inch she pulled the carpet towards her, reversing back out the way she’d come.  A sickly odour grabbed her in the back of the throat as she disturbed the fibres. She paused, held her breath, and started again, fighting to keep her mind in the present and not allow herself to be hijacked back to the only other time she’d known that smell.   
Squeezing herself out from the undergrowth, she shook herself off and knelt over the package. Aiden made no move to come forward, so she took a deep breath, cut the string with her penknife and pulled back the top layer of carpet. 
The shock of dark curls left no doubt as to who she was.
“She’s on her front, I can’t see her face. We’ll have to turn her Aiden”
“You shouldn’t touch her,” he replied, not moving. 
“I have to. We don’t know how long she’s been here. Supposing she’s still alive. It can happen, even after several days of being left for dead.”
“But the smell…”
“I need to check.” 
As she leant forward and started to roll the body towards her, the full force of the stench almost overwhelmed her. She retched and put her hand to her mouth, swallowing back foul tasting bile. Anna’s throat had been cut so viciously that her head was all but severed from her body.
“Oh God, no. Aiden, you were right,” Louise muttered, “I should have left her. Poor, poor girl.” 
“Well it’s done now, Louise. I couldn’t have done that.” She almost thought she heard a spark of admiration in his voice. Surely not, it must be the shock. 
“Come on. Let’s get back to the car. We need to get the specialist teams up here,” she said.
He offered a hand, and she took it. They scrambled up to the top of the bank. Louise noticed, with detached interest, that despite their exertion, there was no colour in Aiden’s face at all. His fingers fumbled awkwardly with his phone as he made the call for back up. 
Louise turned to Christian who had got to his feet and was staring at the figure below. 
“Did you do that Christian? Weren’t we giving you enough attention?”
He shook his head. “No. No. I don’t know. That’s not the woman I see in my head. But it’s all confused...I can feel the knife going in...blood came out, onto my hands...” he spoke quietly but with a sad, eerie calmness.
Louise got her handcuffs out while Christian waited motionless. She issued the caution and explained to him that he was under arrest for murder.
 






Chapter Three


The man in front of the flat screen froze when the six o’clock news told him the body had been found. It crossed his mind that he’d need to leave the country. That would be inconvenient. 
Very inconvenient.  
Particularly for the girl he had left in a dark place that she couldn’t possibly escape from. She had a couple of sandwiches, a bottle of water and a bucket to pee in, but she wouldn’t last long... 
It would be such a waste. She was delectable. A blond blue-eyed beauty. And she’d never been touched before. He could always tell. What a shame to leave her to rot where she was.
Then the lady newsreader said that someone was in custody, helping the police with their enquiries.
He let out a hoot of laughter. 
That was that then. He was in the clear. History repeating itself. 
Now he could put all that behind him and concentrate on his latest project. All that he had done today was to stash her. It hadn’t taken long. She was waiting patiently and trustingly at the agreed spot. He’d shown her in and then quickly overpowered and imprisoned her. Easy as that. 
He’d spent the following two hours making sure he was seen and recognised around town. He had paid his paper bill and made sure he exchanged a few words with the newsagent. “Wasn’t it a shame about that missing girl? The poor Cox family...” he’d said, tapping his knuckle on the headline in the local papers piled on the counter.  
He’d moved on to the flower stall. He knew the woman there well. He bought a very large bouquet. She would remember that all right, but if anyone asked her to pin down the time she could easily be persuaded it was an hour or so earlier than it actually was. They all could; no one remembers times that accurately especially during a busy Saturday morning. And anyway, he was such a nice man. 
He had made his way up the high street, able to make himself even more charming than usual because his mind was on all the delights he was expecting to experience the next day.  
That expectation would have to be put on hold for now. He couldn’t visit this weekend; not with the place crawling with police and camera crews. She’d be hungry and thirsty by the time he arrived on Monday evening, which was good. She might even be pleased to see him. 
He planned to break her in himself, before he let anyone else get their hands on her. It was his right after all, to enjoy her as fully as he wanted to. 
Then he would put her to work.





Chapter Four
	
	

 It was Monday morning, and Faye Lovall was trying to turn back time. Not far; just enough to erase the latest row with her husband, Myles, which was still ringing in her ears so much that she could barely remember what she had been doing on her last working day.
Her diary told her that she had seen five patients that Friday. One stood out. She wouldn’t forget her visit to Christian Knightly; she was worried about him in several different ways. The other four depressed middle-aged ladies had all merged into one, and she couldn’t for the life of her remember which patient had said what.
Faye wrote up the notes on Christian while she still had time on her side.  
His father, Alan, had been watching for her. He had opened the front door while she was still getting out of her car. 
“Christian went out for a walk,” he’d said, giving her that alluring half smile of his.  “He should be back any minute. Can I get you a coffee?”
She knew that she should have waited in the car, writing up a few notes - it would have saved all the trouble of trying to remember everything today - rather than put temptation in her way in the form of her patient’s gorgeous father. But in this heat? She’d roast. Anyway, she was a professional, and supporting the carer was as much a part of her role as working with the patient. 
“Yes, thanks,” she said, checking her watch. “I’m a bit early, aren’t I?”
“Only a few minutes. I told Chris to be back by three, but he must have lost track of the time.”
“It’s good that he’s gone out on his own though isn’t it? I mean his confidence must be improving.” She followed Alan into the kitchen and settled herself on a bar stool at the central island, gazing admiringly at the wealth of sparkling labour-saving devices and the flashy black tiles.
 “Yes,” Alan replied, with his back to her as he filled the kettle. “He is gradually getting more like his old self, I suppose. But I’d appreciate a chance to talk to you on my own,”
“Okay, what’s bothering you?”  
Alan turned, leaning against the worktop. “Chris is getting out more,” he said, “but only for very short periods, and he doesn’t see anyone. He won’t contact any of his friends, and the idea that he is a murderer is still as strong as ever.”
“I know,” said Faye. She was disappointed too. The delusion should have shifted by now. “Sometimes it takes longer…”
“Three weeks in hospital and four changes of medication, and it still seems as bad as ever. At least he hasn’t turned up at the Police Station for a month or so. I suppose that’s something.”
“Yes. It suggests that the delusion has lost some of its intensity, which is good.”
“I wish I’d been around more when he was younger. Then maybe this would never have happened-”
“You can’t say that,” Faye said. “It may well have happened, whatever the circumstances.”
“But he had so much stress in his early life-” 
Faye shook her head. She wished this lovely man wouldn’t blame himself so much.
“It’s true that stress often plays a part in setting off most mental illnesses,” she said. “But no one has a completely stress free life, and most of us don’t get ill. There has to be a genetic predisposition as well. If there is, then the everyday stress such as starting at university or a new job can be all that’s needed to trigger something off. I don’t think there is anything you could have done to prevent this happening to Chris.”
“You will tell me if there is anything at all I can do to help him,” he said. 
He finished making the coffee and came to sit beside her.
“You’re doing fine. If anything, stop feeling guilty. Christian doesn’t need to have to deal with your guilt as well as everything else.” 
“I hide it well,” Alan said, with that lopsided smile of his. 
“No you don’t, and Christian is very astute, as well as sensitive.” Faye replied, grinning at him. “Tell me more about this guilt. Perhaps we can sort that out before he comes back.”  
 Alan concentrated on his coffee for a moment, “I keep going back to the thought that if I hadn’t... if Susan hadn’t died,” he said.
“You can hardly blame yourself for that,” Faye said.  
Alan shook his head. “No. But, maybe if I hadn’t remarried so quickly. And to someone who drove his Nan, Susan’s mother away. Maybe none of this would have happened. He adored his Nanny Alison, and she was the last link he had with his mother, and the new step-mum turned out to be a disaster in every way.” 
His eyes were filling. He turned away from her and cleared his throat.
“Now come on.” Faye said gently. “You are grieving, both for your wife, and now for Christian’s illness. Grief can still be felt many years later when people were close. Guilt is part of the grieving process, but that doesn’t mean it’s rational. You didn’t do anything wrong, Alan. You need to let yourself feel sad, acknowledge it, and talk about it. Don’t hide from it, but don’t add this all this self blame to it.”
Faye saw Christian pass the window on his way in.
“Is there anything else bothering you?” she asked, standing up.
Alan remained seated and looking down, briefly studying his hands. He took a breath, as if preparing to say something important, but then relaxed again.
“No, it’s fine,” he said.
Faye decided not to challenge him. Whatever he was holding back could wait until next time. 
“It’s okay,” she said. “Talk to me whenever you want, Alan. It’ll help Christian a lot if you’re relaxed about his illness.” 
She gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze of encouragement as she went past him. Alan put his hand on hers and held it there a moment or two longer than felt necessary. A wave of satisfaction washed over her, quickly followed by shame. 
Warning bells clanged loudly in her head. It would be far too easy to really fall for this lovely, lonely man, especially as her relationship with her husband was at an all time low. How wrong and complicated it would be if she did.
She joined Christian in the hallway where he was hanging up his coat.
“Hiya,” he said. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here. Can we use the lounge, Dad?” Christian looked at his father who had appeared in the doorway.
“Of course, Chris, but I’m going to be working in the front garden. Won’t I distract you? The kitchen is free.”
“No I like the lounge best. What are you doing out there? I’ll help if you wait.” 
“No, don’t worry son. I only want to cut the ivy back a bit before it covers the whole of the study window. It won’t take me a minute.” He grabbed a jacket and headed out of the door. 
Faye followed Christian into the large lounge, where she sank down into a deep sofa and sniffed in the light aroma of pot-pourri, before turning her attention to the job in hand.   
“Well, how are things Christian?” she asked. “It’s nice to see that you’re going out on your own a bit more, and you’re looking much more relaxed as well, that’s good.”
“I think I’m getting better, on the whole. The usual thoughts still bother me though. That really hasn’t gone away at all.” He spoke slowly and thoughtfully. “I can ignore it most of the time, and I can go out more, just short walks, but I feel more normal, so that’s a start isn’t it?”
“Yes, that’s great,” she said. “But perhaps we need to spend some time talking about those persistent thoughts, now they aren’t quite so distressing. Do you think you could do that?”
“Yes, I suppose so. What do you want to know?” 
“Could you tell me exactly what it feels like, in as much detail as you can?”
Christian paused for a while, and then began to speak hesitatingly. His whole manner and posture changed.
“Well, it’s like seeing it happen in my head. And then I feel horrified that I’ve killed someone, and that still keeps coming back. I can push the memories to the back of my mind most of the time now, and force myself to think about something else, like everyone says I have to, but the thoughts keep coming back. At night, when I’m on my own and there’s nothing to distract myself with, it gets very difficult to ignore them. Sometimes I just relax and go with it, and then I hear the voice.  Its saying “you killed her too,” or “no telling, no telling Chris.” Then I get waves of sheer terror washing over me. I’m certain that something very bad will happen to my dad because I talk about it. It feels so real.” 
He put his hands over his face and slumped forward in his chair, squeezing his head in his hands, the posture he always took when he was distressed. He was shaking now, and it seemed as if all the improvement he had shown had just faded away. Faye was both puzzled and disappointed for him. Usually at this point she would reassure him, tell him it wasn’t real memories and to ignore it, block it out in some way. This would calm him down, at least as a short-term measure, but it clearly wasn’t working in the longer term, so she tried a different approach.
“Christian, try and go through everything that comes into your head when you have these thoughts,” she said. 
Christian was silent for a while. He sat back in his chair, staring into space before speaking.
“It’s a bit like a dream really,” he said. “The first thing I see in my mind is her body; a tall beautiful woman, with lots of long golden hair. She’s lying on the grass, half on her back, and half on her side. Someone with big hands pushes her shoulders so that she ends up on her back, and her hair falls away from her face. 
“I have a knife in my hand,” he gasped. “It’s wet and cold as if it was lying on the ground. He is telling me to stick it in her.” 
He tensed, screwing up his face. 
“I’m crying, tears running down my face so that I can’t see much, and I’m very scared. It all goes out of focus, blurred, and out of proportion...” 
“I feel small... everything else seems bigger than it should be... it’s as if I can cause something, or have already caused something bad.” He paused again, shuddering, and trying to control his breathing. 
“Something will happen, like dad going away...if I don’t do what I’m told to do.  Mummy and Nana went away, that was my fault, and I couldn’t bear it if dad did too. It’s horrible, muddled and confusing ...He says he won’t let me go home ‘til I’ve done it. I push the knife in. I think he’s got his hand on mine, pushing on it, pushing the knife in. It feels just horrible...” Christian paused to wipe away the tears. He stared fixedly at his hands.
“Who Christian? Who is there with you?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know...But the knife goes in. There’s blood all over my hands. I let go of the knife. I think someone else pulls it out. It clanks on the ground...I can’t remember any more...” 
He covered his face with his hands and leant forward, rocking gently back and forth. Faye gave him a moment before speaking again.
“Christian, can you tell me when you first had these thoughts?”
Christian took a moment or two to answer, looking round the room slowly, focussing on the present.
“It wasn’t thoughts at first. It was emotions. I think it started a few months before I got admitted to hospital. I first started feeling odd when I was out before that though. I heard a man in the street...”
“What man?” 
Christian shook his head. “I don’t know.” He drew a deep breath. “Someone who I had a strong feeling had something to do with me, but that I didn’t recognise at all.”
“Was it someone from school do you think?”
“No; I’m sure I didn’t know him, but he really frightened me. My heart started pounding, and I got hot and breathless. I wanted to run away. 
I came back here as quick as I could and tried to forget about it, but I found it really difficult to be outside after that. I got panicky and hot if I even thought about going out, and then I stopped going out at all.”
“And he hadn’t said anything to you?”
“No, nothing at all. I don’t think he even noticed me. But I had the feeling he mustn’t notice me; he mustn’t see me.”
“Why?” 
“I don’t know. There was danger... Something horrible, something really awful, would happen if he saw me.”
Christian was starting to look distressed again, but Faye couldn’t back off now. 
“Did the feelings stop when you didn’t go out?” she asked.
“Yes, to start with, but then when we were clearing out the junk room upstairs. Dad brought a box of old photographs down and told me to go through them to see if there were any I wanted.”
“What? Family photos?”
“Yes, some were of me when I was very small, with my mother.” 
“You were only three when she died, weren’t you?”
“Yes. I picked out some of those to keep, and old school photos, and a couple of our old dog when she was a puppy. Then there were some of Dad’s second wife, Penny, with her son. I hadn’t even remembered anything about them until then.  That was when I got really bad. I went cold. My heart was racing, you know really thumping, so it hurt... and I had all these awful thoughts. 
“My dad came in and I was crying, sobbing, just like a little kid.  He put the rest of the photos in the rubbish bag. I think he thought I was crying over Mum’s pictures, and he can’t handle that. He never has wanted to talk about her in case either of us gets upset. I can talk to my grandmother, Nana Alison though. She doesn’t mind. I think she likes to know that I remember something about my mother.”
Christian was gradually calming down, slipping back into his normal self, but Faye was uneasy. Her head was going off in tangents, which made concentration difficult.
“It’s a good thing to talk, Christian,” she said, noticing that he had paused, waiting for her to say something. “Even if you do get upset, it’s better to share your memories and feelings. You and your dad would both feel better for it in the long run.”
The session had lasted for another ten minutes, with Faye determined to keep things as general as possible. It was almost five o’clock when she made her way back to her car, but that wasn’t the end of the troubling things that had occurred that day. 
Christian’s visit was pushed out of her mind by something else that happened to her on the way home; an event that also stopped her making it back to the hospital in time to update the files.    
The office was filling up and she still hadn’t got up to date with everything.  Post weekend chatter was breaking out around her. She would not be able to ignore it for long; it wasn’t in her nature to miss a good gossip. 
She wrote brief notes on the other four patients, and then made a couple of phone-calls. She dealt with these issues, and then looked up to see her colleague Theresa looking at her enquiringly.
“I didn’t get back to do my notes on Friday,” Faye said. “I overran with Christian Knightly and then, well, things went from bad to worse.”
Theresa grinned. “Was Alan Knightly there when you were overrunning?” she asked.
“No. Not all the time. I don’t know what you’re implying,” Faye replied, opening her email box.
“I’d over-run if I was seeing him,” said Theresa. “Pass him over to me.”
“I might end up having to do that, but not yet.”
“Why not? You’re supposed to be trying harder with Myles aren’t you?”
“I’ve just started to get Christian to open up. But yes, I am trying harder with Myles, and Alan is a bit of a distraction. I may have to stop going there soon.”
Theresa stopped grinning at her. “Really? Is there a problem?”
“I don’t know. There might be. Alan does sometimes seem a little too keen to see me.”
“Well the offer is there. I’m not teasing now. If you need to pass Christian on, go ahead.”  
 The phone on Faye’s desk rang, and Alan Knightly was put through to her.
“Hello Alan,” she said, flashing Theresa a ‘see what I mean’ look. 
“I need to talk to you Faye...” he said. His voice sounded tight, like it was being forced through a strainer.  
“What’s wrong, Alan?”      
“You haven’t heard then? Christian has been arrested for murder. He’s confessed to killing a girl, and this time the police have a body.”
“Oh my God, what on earth...?”
“Can you come round?” Alan asked. “I’m not at home. The police have taken over my house. They’re treating it as a crime scene. I can’t touch anything...I need to talk to you.”
“Of course I’ll come. Where are you?”
“At my mother-in-laws.”
She scribbled down the address he gave her and put the phone down. She stood up too quickly, and her head swam. Sitting down again, she stared at her desk and pushed her hair back with both hands.   
“What’s up, Faye? Are you feeling alright?” Theresa asked. 
“Alan says Christian has killed someone,” she said. “Christian has confessed to murder. Theresa I just can’t believe it. There must be some terrible mistake. Supposing he did?” Faye’s brain was in free fall. Words tumbled into each other. “No. It must be that murder on the news yesterday. Did you see it? There was that appeal for information. On Saturday it seemed like just another runaway kid, but then she was found dead. How could he possibly be involved in something like that? I was responsible for him. Did I miss something? Has he acted out his delusions or something, do you think? Oh God. I got him to talk through it last time I was there. That’s what must have caused this-”
“Stop it, Faye, calm down,” Theresa said. “Don’t run away with yourself. And, by the way, are Christian’s notes up to date? Because someone’s going to want them I’m sure.”
“Yes, they are. Oh God. I suppose I’ll have to do all sorts of statements later as well. But right now I’m getting out of the office. I need to get my own head a bit clearer before I can even start to think about all the questions that there are going to be about this.” 
She scrawled a list of names on a piece of paper and handed it to Theresa. 
“Get these cancelled, could you? I don’t think I’ll be able to concentrate on anything else today, just put ‘emergency visit, back at twelve’ on the duty sheet for me, thanks.”
Faye hurried along the corridor and out to the car park with her head down. 





Chapter Five




The morning papers had arrived. He spread them out over the highly polished walnut dining table.
My God! More publicity! It was bad enough that Sunday’s papers had managed to give the girl some last minute space, but now Monday’s were plastering the full story all over the front page. 
Flowers were being placed on the path where the body was found. The suspect’s house had two policemen outside and several forensics vans on the driveway.
Had he been careful enough? Was there anything that would connect him to all this? 
The worrying thing was that the evidence was out there. He had even distributed it himself. 
Stills from the television broadcast showed a detective leading the frantic parents out in front of the cameras. Other pictures put her in front of the police station, sopping up the glory. 
He couldn’t prevent his face from tightening. Furrows deepened on his brow. Not the way to keep his skin clear and wrinkle free. What were they doing to him? His lips formed a hard line. 
It was her fault that things had gone as far as they had. She wasn’t like the others. She was dangerous. A meddling little zealot. He would have to deal with her, and it would not be pretty. He’d track her down, and he’d do it today. 
But he still hadn’t been to see his lovely little blond beauty. Perhaps this evening...





Chapter Six



“Louise,” Inspector Radley said, getting up from where he was perched on Aiden’s desk as she arrived a little later than usual at the office that Monday morning. “Look, I need you to see to this.” 
He handed her a missing persons report. “Every family in Seaford has got the jitters about their kids. I’m sure this one will be back as soon as she’s hungry, but we’ve got to go through the motions, and I can’t spare anyone else today. Anyway it needs a female; someone gentle and sensitive like you, so get yourself along there and get some background. There’s a good girl.”
He couldn’t help it. The annoyingly condescending comments popped out every time.
“And no getting carried away, Louise. She’s a runaway; not another murder, okay,” he added.
Louise scanned the report. Gabriella Stevens, fifteen years old, had not returned home from orchestra practice on Saturday afternoon. Out all that night and the following one, and now absent for almost forty-eight hours.
“She’s only fifteen, Inspector. I’d be worried after...”
“I know, Louise, and that’s why you’re doing it, not uniformed. She’s from the Dunholm estate, though, and they are born fully street wise there. She’ll be back in a day or two, you mark my words,” he said, and with a dismissive wave of his hand he stalked off to his own office.  
“What’s everyone else doing, Aiden?” she asked.
“Getting ready for today’s hearing,” he replied. 
“Shouldn’t I be there?”
“Radley didn’t know if you’d be in today. He said they’d told you to take time off to get over the shock of the weekend. He was hoping you would. And as I was at the arrest, we didn’t really need you.”
“I’m fine. I could have gone. Maybe he was being considerate.” 
“Yes. Shows his hearts in the right place, doesn’t it?” Aiden replied.
“What’s going to happen at the court?” Louise asked. 
“We’re intending to make sure that Knightly stays in prison awaiting trial. We want to convince the court that he isn’t safe to be out.”
“There’s not much doubt of that, is there?”
“Not really. Just a chance that because he’s young and under a psychiatrist they might consider a secure hospital instead.” 
“So what exactly are you planning?”
“We’re going to get our heads together and make sure that the courts are not taken in by Christian Knightly,” Aiden said. “I think there was enough in his general demeanour and attitude when he was questioned to show him up to be the devious liar he is. All that acting mad, looking distressed and tortured. You weren’t taken in by that, were you? Actually you probably were, but you are the only person here who was.” 
“So you’re all going to get together and put a slant on things to make him look bad.”
“If you want to put it like that, yes. Got any better suggestions?”
“No, none at all,” Louise said. She turned quickly on her heels and left the office, grateful that she had been given a task that would keep her away from the police station for the rest of the day. 
Work was reverting to its usual pattern. She was being left out of the loop, even though finding Anna’s body, and the arrest of the suspect, were all down to her. 
On Saturday even Radley had been forced to join in with the praise that came her way. 
“Excellent work, Louise,” Temby, the D.C.I. who had turned up from HQ in Lewes, had said. “It’s good to see you’ve inherited all your father’s instincts. Isn’t she a star, Noel?”
“Yes, Alex, she certainly is,” Radley replied. “I always knew she’d do well.”
Louise remembered the expression when Radley attempted to smile at her. Like he was sucking a lemon. On a hellish day, seeing her boss so uncomfortable gave her a moment of light relief. It made her smile again just thinking about it. 
The rest of that Saturday afternoon had been a mess of doubt and conflicting emotions. She had written up her statement and handed it to Temby. He read it, nodded approvingly, and then he also suggested she went home, to get over the trauma of finding the body. 
Radley agreed. “They would take it from here,” he said, “she must be exhausted.” 
Just as she was leaving, though, the interview team, who were getting nowhere with Christian, asked her to join them. They thought a familiar face might help. In the end, it was another hour and a half before she finally left for a much needed bath and change of clothes.
Seeing Christian being interviewed had upset her more than she expected. He seemed so confused and upset. She had known him from his first visit to the station, about six months before. 
On that occasion, he had come in claiming, in his disjointed way, to have killed a woman. After a thorough investigation where no evidence of any violent or criminal act could be found, he was placed under psychiatric care. He had turned up a few more times after that, saying the same thing, but gradually he must have improved because he his visits were less regular. 
Louise had always been friendly towards him. He was yet another harmless nutcase who arrival caused irritation, sympathy or amusement depending on the circumstances at the time.  
Now he was about to become a convicted murderer, and hearing him being interviewed, Louise started to wonder if they’d got it right after all.
When she came out of the interview room she mentioned her concerns to DCI Temby. He heard her out patiently, but didn’t share her concerns. She was overwrought, he said. It had been a long day. Perhaps she ought to take a few days off...
She hadn’t taken any time off. Her only concession was to come in a little later today. She was far from a hundred percent certain of Christian’s guilt and wanted to go through all the facts again, but now she had another task to attend to; another missing youngster.       

Louise met Gabriella’s mother, Joyce Stevens, at their home. It was a flat in a low-rise block on the edge of the infamous council estate, the only social housing in Seaford. Joyce had dark rings around her eyes and a haggard face. She looked older than the thirty-three years that the report said she was. She drew heavily on a cigarette, held between trembling yellowed fingers, as she lead Louise into a small but neat sitting room. 
The only picture on the wall was a huge photo over the fireplace. It was of a younger Joyce, holding a newborn baby and looking into the eyes of an attractive young man, who stood beaming, with a long arm around her shoulders.
The tears were quick to start as Louise took her through the details of her daughter’s disappearance.  
 “Could you tell me if Gabriella seemed in anyway different from usual, recently,” Louise asked.
“Nothing I noticed,” she said. “Saturday was the anniversary of her dad’s death. She was six when he died. We were going to go up to the cemetery when she got back from orchestra, like we do every year. Of course I used to go much more often, but now it’s just his birthday and anniversary we go.”
“Would that have been upsetting for her?”
“No. Sad maybe, but not distressing anymore. We’ve worked through all that.”
“How did he die, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“It was an accident at work. He was a builder. He was making good money and hoping to start up on his own soon, but he got hit by a scaffolding pole that someone dropped and was killed instantly. We didn’t even get any compensation. They said he wasn’t wearing a hard hat, and that made it his fault.”
“I bet that made life tough for you and Gabriella.”
“My house was repossessed. There’s never been much money around, if that’s what you mean, but Gabriella’s a good girl. She’s never been in any trouble. She got a music scholarship to St Agnes’ Hall, and she’s at grade eight with her cello already. Her school reports do her proud every time. I know I’m a single mother, pregnant at nineteen, and everyone thinks that makes me scum, but my daughter’s going to make something of herself, even coming from this place.”
“You’ve had a rough time,” Louise said. 
“It could have been so different. If Andy hadn’t been killed, and yes, I do think that the firm got away with murder, if you want to know. Their compulsory overtime, their corner cutting and financial penalties if deadlines weren’t met, that’s what led to my husband’s death, not his own carelessness.” She spat out the last words as if they left a nasty taste in her mouth.      
“Were there any rows or disagreements between you and Gabriella on Saturday?”
“No, why should there be?”
“There’s no need to be defensive. The anniversary is obviously a time of high emotion for both of you. It would be natural if you were both a bit scratchy. I’m just trying to get as full a picture as I can.”
“Yes, you and everyone else who think I can’t look after her.” Her chest heaved. “I need my daughter back...”
“And I need you to be open with me. Have you had any sort of run in with the police before?”
“No. I’ve had people try and take Gabriella away from me...” Joyce’s voice sunk to a murmur. She ground her cigarette into an ashtray as if it was the cause of all her problems and lit another one, sucking on it hard before looking back at Louise.
“Who tried to take Gabriella away?” Louise asked.
“Oh, it was a long time ago,” Joyce said, waving her hand in the air. “A few years after Andy died. I was drinking too much I admit. I brought a man back once. Only once. But in the night he got up to go to the bathroom...” she stopped. The tears were flowing again. Louise waited. “I found him in Gabriella’s bedroom... Nothing had happened, yet. He was stroking her... I went ape-shit. There was a lot of noise. The woman next door called the police...”
“And was any action taken?”
“No, he said he went into the wrong room by mistake. I was nearly done for assault.”
“Did that go anywhere?”
“No. He dropped the charges. But then I had social services sticking their noses in. The police said that me and that evil excuse for a man were both drunk with a child under ten in our care...”
“Oh. Was she put on the child protection register?”
“Yes, she was. I nearly lost her. Nothing was said about how I protected her. I know what I saw. That was no mistake. He would have had her if I hadn’t got to him first.”
“Was Gabriella aware of any of this?”
“No. I got him out of her room before I really went for him. Gabriella barely woke up.”
“But she knew about the aftermath?”
“A bit. She was happy to speak to the social worker when she came round, but she didn’t know what it was all about. I kept everything away from her. I got a grip on the drinking. I stopped going out at all. My daughter’s worth too much to risk...”
“Is that person still around?”
“No, he moved away.”
“What was his name?”
“Barry Parks.”
“Do you know if he still has connections with this area?”
“Yes, his mother lives in Cockcroft Court. I don’t know the number. She’s still around. I see her at the bus stop.”
“Okay. Have you noticed him hanging round the area, at all?”
“No,” she stood up. “Do you think he’s come back...?”
“I don’t know. It’s one of the angles I will be looking at.”
“God. The bastard...”
“Joyce, I need to ask a few more questions, and I need a photo of Gabriella.”
Joyce leapt up, shaking her head, and she stormed across the living room. “I’m going round there. That’s what we should be doing now. I can’t believe I didn’t think of him straight away...”
“No! Wait, please sit down,” Louise said, quickly getting between Joyce and the door. “I’ll go round there. I can search the place if necessary. You’ll just get yourself into trouble if you go accusing and threatening.”
“Gabriella won’t be there. His mum’s a nice woman; she wouldn’t have that, but he could have taken her off somewhere.” Joyce started pacing again.
“Let me ask you a few more questions, and then I’ll go and see Mrs Parks.”   
 Louise left ten minutes later with a photo of a girl who looked destined to be quite a beauty. She was small for her age, and her figure was still that of a child, but her features were lovely, and her hair hung in thick blond waves down to her waist.
 The first and most obvious person she needed to check out was Barry Parks.   




						

Chapter Seven


Faye’s day wasn’t improving. She was fighting with the gear stick of her latest means of transport and kicking herself not having had the foresight to make sure she even knew how to find reverse before starting her journey to work. She missed her old car. It may have looked a mess, but at least it always went well. So far this one both looked like a heap of junk and drove like one. 
Her ever-loving husband, Myles, had chosen it quickly because she needed one for work. He’d been so annoyed that she’d crashed the other one, especially just after it had passed its M.O.T. They had exchanged angry words, and he’d gone off on his own to pick up a replacement.     
 Faye was sure it hadn’t been her fault. The accident was so obviously down to mechanical failure, but for some reason, Myles wasn’t having that. 
But she’d noticed that the brakes felt odd and slightly spongy when she’d turned out of the Knightly’s driveway on to the main road. She’d cursed at the thought of more expense, and at the thought of asking Myles to check it out later. 
She had continued driving normally, mentally forming a checklist of all the things she had to do before going home. Then, when she reached the point where road dropped down a steep slope and came closer to the river, following it through a ninety degree meander, she pressed down on the brake to take the bend, but nothing happened. The pedal went straight to the floor, and the car started to pick up speed. She steered for all she was worth, but couldn’t stop the car going wide. 
It bounced along at an angle for what seemed like forever, with the nearside wheels on the rough slopping riverbank. Faye held her breath. The river was getting closer all the time, and there was nothing she could do. Just as she was certain that death was only moments away, with a thud and a dreadful grinding noise, the car mounted a stony hillock and came to a stop. 
Her chest and legs hurt from the impact. She took a moment to get her breath back and tried her limbs in turn. Nothing was broken, but her relief quickly gave way to renewed alarm as she noticed a strong smell of petrol around her. 
She tried the door tentatively. It opened without any trouble. She unfastened her seatbelt and tried to stand, but her legs collapsed under her and she stumbled onto the grass beside the car. Through a mixture of crawling and rolling she moved away from it, terrified that it would blow up at any moment.
She sat on the grass for a few minutes as the pain settled to a dull ache, and her nerves recovered. No-one had gone past yet, but it was almost rush hour, so someone must do soon. She tried to stand again, and this time her legs felt stronger. She took a step, and that was okay as well. She limped towards the road where she could see a blue minibus coming down the hill towards the bend. 
She stepped out onto the road, waving for it to stop. It slowed, but then speeded up again and drove straight at her. She leapt backwards, only just in time, and she heard it scrape past a tree just behind where she had been standing as it skimmed passed her. She lost her footing, falling down the bank towards the river and landing face down in the cold muddy earth.           
When she lifted her head to assess the damage again, there were several people coming towards her.
“Hang on miss, keep still. Help’s on its way,” an elderly gentleman said as he made his way unsteadily down the bank. “I thought he’d killed you. I was amazed to see you move. Our bus driver’s on the phone for the ambulance. Reckon we’ll need the police up here too.”
She was being rescued by a group from the rest home further down the road. That was a situation that she couldn’t help but find amusing.
“No, I’m all right, really. The car crashed. I think the brakes failed on the bend, but I got out, and I’m all right. I tried to stop that van, but he didn’t see me, and I fell when I getting out of the way. It didn’t hit me. I think I’m just a bit battered and bruised.” 
She tried to raise herself into a sitting position, but the old folk prevented her.
“Don’t move,” a gentleman said, resting a gnarled hand on her shoulder. “Not ‘til you’ve been checked out by the paramedics.”
“Looking at your car, my lovely, I’m amazed you can move at all,” a tiny, wrinkled woman said, patting her hand.  
She gave in. Another lady wrapped her in a crocheted knee blanket and sat on the grass next to her, making soothing reassuring remarks in a quaint country accent.  
By the time the ambulance arrived she felt almost back to normal and a complete fraud as the paramedics stretchered her up to the ambulance. They insisted that they needed to exclude the possibility of any unknown injuries before she tried to do anything for herself. 
The police had arrived, and she saw two uniformed officers looking at the car. One of them placed an orange sticker on the front saying police aware, the other rummaged inside, retrieving her handbag, diary and phone. She watched them check her call list, and finding that she wasn’t on the phone at the time of the accident, they handed her possessions to one of the ambulance men, who put them in a plastic bag and placed it on her lap. 
She could see two of the elderly men remonstrating with the policemen about something. One of the officers came across to her just as she was going in the ambulance.
“Looks like you took the bend too fast, miss,” he said.
“Yes. The brakes failed.”
“You need to make sure your car is well maintained and regularly serviced, especially an old one like that,” he said, looking it over.   
“I know. I thought they had been checked. I’ll be telling the garage what I think, don’t you worry,” Faye replied.
“You do that, ma’am. Were any other vehicles involved?” 
“No.”
“The gentlemen say they saw someone try to run you over, after the accident.”
“No, I don’t think it could have been deliberate. He was probably looking at the car and didn’t see me. Perhaps the sun was in his eyes or something, when he was going round the bend.”
“Do you know of anyone that might want to do you harm?”
“No, I don’t think I’ve got any enemies at all. Why would I have?” 
“Right you are, ma’am,” the officer said. “We’ll just leave it at that, will we?”
“Yes,” said Faye.
After a quick check over at A&E, Faye was allowed to go home, and she hadn’t given any further thought to the Knightlys over the weekend. Now, of course, she was making up for that big time.     
How had she let them down so badly? In fact, how had she let the whole of society down so badly?  Why didn’t she see it coming? Did she, in fact, provoke it some way, by asking him to talk about his gruesome thoughts, or fantasies? If that’s what they were.
And how was she going to be able to face Alan? He had trusted her. He had been so grateful for her input. Now it seemed as though she’d made some terrible mistake, for Christian to have done this. But Alan had asked to see her, and the least she could do is go, even if he was going to blame her for everything that had happened. It was only what she deserved, and if it made him feel any better at all, then he was entitled to that.
						





Chapter Eight


Louise popped back to the police station to run Barry Parks’ name through the police computer. 
The information on record was brief and to the point.
The incident that Joyce had talked about was logged as a domestic disturbance. Parks had suffered extensive bruising and concussion when Joyce had laid into him with a frying pan.
Parks had been taken to hospital. Joyce had ended up in the cells, sobering up so that she could be questioned. The neighbour who had called the police had looked after Gabriella until her mother got back. Social services had been informed. There was no record of any assault on Gabriella or of any complaint made of inappropriate sexual contact. Parks wasn’t on the sex offender’s register, and as far as Louise could find there had been no reports of any worrying conduct before or since.
It was possible that he had been drunk enough to go into the wrong bedroom by mistake. 
Joyce had clearly managed to stay out of trouble since that incident. A series of child protection meeting reports confirmed her claim that she was abstaining from alcohol. Spot checks by social workers and monitoring by Gabriella’s school showed no further cause for concern, and eighteen months after having been put on the register, Gabriella’s name was removed. Her school had been asked to monitor for any signs of problems at home.
There were no further entries. 
Louise tried the phone number for Joyce’s neighbour. She was told that although Joyce hadn’t spoken one word to her since returning from the police station all those years ago, she held no animosity towards her. Joyce was a good mother, she said. Gabriella was always happy, well turned out, and a friendly polite girl. She didn’t mix much with the local kids. People thought that she and her mother were a bit stuck up. They thought they were a cut above the rest of them round there. She’d heard some of the other youngsters calling out to Gabriella, teasing her over of the posh school she went to, but Gabriella never answered back.  
As far as she was aware, Joyce had never had a boyfriend since Parks, and she would know; their doors were right next to each other, she could hear every coming and going from that flat. If the television was off, she could even hear conversations. She had never heard a man’s voice since that day. Joyce rarely had visitors, though there was someone there this morning. Was there something wrong? Was that why Louise was calling?
Louise ended the call without saying anything about Gabriella’s disappearance. Joyce was a very private person, and the whole thing would probably be the source of much gossip and speculation soon enough.
 					
                                                                    





Chapter Nine






The front door flew open as soon as Faye touched the garden gate. A grey-haired but sprightly woman beckoned her in.
“He keeps saying he needs to talk to you, but it’ll have to be quick. Chris is due in court at twelve. We’re both going,” she said. “Oh God, this is a terrible thing.”
She showed her into the lounge where Alan was sitting. He stood and mumbled his thanks that she had come, and waved an introduction to Alison, the mother of his late wife.
Faye obviously hadn’t expected him to look his best, but she was still shocked. He looked as if he’d aged twenty years.
Alison went off to the kitchen to make tea, leaving them alone. 
“I feel dreadful about all this,” Faye said. “I really can’t understand it. I never thought in a hundred years that Christian would do something like this.”
“Oh no, no Faye,” Alan said. “You think he’s guilty? I thought you were the only person in the world who would believe in him.”
“I’m sorry,” Faye said. “Look, I only just heard about all this, and I thought there was no doubt, or else why would they have arrested him? You’d better tell me all about it.”
They sat down, Alan staring blankly at her for a moment or two before speaking.
“Christian didn’t do this,” he said. “He is saying he did. He has even signed a confession. But then, he shouldn’t have been interviewed on his own, without a solicitor present, or someone to help him. I’ve got a solicitor on to it now of course, and I’ll be getting the best barristers money can buy, even if I’m bankrupt by the end of it. But it’s too late to stop the confession. That’s done, signed and sealed, and it’s the hardest thing in law to overturn.” Alan stood up abruptly and began pacing the room.
“I was out on Saturday evening. In fact, I was out for most of the day. First there was tennis – I do a bit of coaching at Chris’s old school – and then it was one of my employees leaving do. I had to go, she’s worked for me for fourteen years. I’ve hardly been out without Christian at all since he came out of hospital. You know that don’t you?”
Alison came in with the tea and sat down with them.
“He has been staying in with Chris for weeks,” she said. “You can’t expect a man to be in all the time. If he’d thought there was anything to worry about, he would have called me to sit with him.” 
Faye nodded. “What time did you get back?” she asked Alan. 
 “Late, and I didn’t see Christian in between. That was my biggest mistake. I came back home, I actually shouted upstairs that I was back, but when he didn’t answer I assumed he was listening to music on his headphones. He likes doing that. It seems to block out the voices. I was confident he would be all right, and obviously I was wrong.”
“You weren’t to know. I’d have thought the same,” said Alison. 
“He had been telling me to get out more, and that he didn’t need baby-sitting, so I thought it was time to trust him. I enjoyed being out, so I stayed longer than I had planned to. He never goes out on his own. I assumed that he was in bed when I got back. Obviously you don’t check when they are that age.”
“No, of course not. He hates it when he feels you are treating him like a baby,” Alison said.
“But when I got back that night, I think it was about two in the morning, the police were there. They’d got Chris’s keys and were searching the place. I wasn’t allowed inside. They took me off to the police station and put me in a room for hours.”
“Didn’t they say what it was all about?” Faye asked.
“No, not at first. I just sat there not knowing what the hell was going on. They did say that Chris was okay, not hurt or anything, but nothing else.”
 “God,” Faye breathed.
“So I was in this room with one officer standing there guarding me. Then a DCI from Police Headquarters in Lewes came in. He said Chris had confessed to murder.”
“And that was the first you knew about what was going on?” Faye asked. 
“Yes. Initially I was relieved. I said he’s ill; he’s delusional. I told them that he’d confessed to murder before, and it had all been investigated, and he hadn’t done anything.”
“Which surely they should have known.” Alison said. 
“But they said that this time there was no doubt that he was guilty. He’d been charged and was waiting for transport to Lewes Prison. That’s when I really fell apart.”
“God. I can imagine.” 
“I was so angry. I hadn’t been informed. They hadn’t tried to get in touch with me at any point. He told me that Christian hadn’t wanted anyone called, and that they had no obligation to inform me since he was no longer a minor. He said he had signed a confession. In their minds, that was it. He was guilty. End of story.”
“What about the fact that he’s mentally ill?” Faye asked. “Didn’t that make a difference?”
Alan shook his head. “I told him that he was vulnerable and suggestible, and that he suffered from schizophrenia, but that just made it worse. I’m under suspicion too. I was swabbed and checked all over. They’ve kept my passport. As if I’d need that with Chris going through all this.”
The silent tears of someone who has already coped with more than any person should, ran down Alison’s face. She reached for a tissue from the box on the coffee table in front of her. “I told his mother I’d look after him,” she said. “I never thought I’d say it, but today I’m glad my daughter’s dead. She doesn’t have to watch her son go through this...” 
Alan had sunk further into his seat with a look of resignation and shame on his face. “It’s my fault,” he said, in a strangled voice, but both women were quick to respond.
“No it’s not…” Faye said. 
“Don’t be daft, Alan,” Alison said. “You’ve been a good dad to him.”
“It’s all down to that bloody woman...”
“Stop it, Alan,” Alison said, covering her face with her hands. “I’m responsible for that. Don’t give me something else to torture myself over.” She turned to Faye. “I insisted he go back to the drama group. I pushed him towards that woman and her obnoxious son. My daughter had said he shouldn’t be expected to live on his own, but it was too soon. It all went wrong...”
“All kids have some stress,” Faye said. “Alan was only married to her for a year or so. Neither of you should blame yourselves for Chris’s illness.”
For a second, Alan looked as if he might be going to say something, but the doorbell rang, and he turned away.
“That’ll be my nephew. He’s giving us a lift to Lewes,” Alison said, bustling out to open the door for him.
“Will you go and see him?” he asked Faye, when they were alone. “I’m told he will be on the hospital wing for the time being, perhaps you could check up on his medication, put in a good word for him. They’ll listen to you, I’m sure.” 
Touched by his faith in her, but with a sinking heart, Faye promised to try.
Alison came back in with her nephew, introducing him to Faye as Paul Ledbitter. 
Paul offered Faye a spade-like hand and looked her up and down with piercing grey eyes as she shook it.
“I haven’t seen Chris since he was a small boy, I’m afraid,” he said in an oily, almost too concerned voice.  “But if there’s anything I can do to help him or the family, you’ll let me know, won’t you?”
“Of course,” she said, glancing at Alan. “I’m sure Alan and Chris know they’ve got your support though, and that’s the main thing.”
“Oh they have, but we’ve become a bit distant, haven’t we, mate,” he said, turning briefly to Alan. “Around the time of my poor cousin’s death, my businesses were taking off, and I was away a lot. Just the same as Alan, I suppose, but he was usually UK based, and I wasn’t. Our paths seldom crossed. But I’m back now, rekindling connections with the family. Do you know they’ve seized Alan’s car for forensic examination?”
“I suppose that would be routine.” Faye said. She didn’t like this Paul Ledbitter. She guessed that there had been some bad blood between him and Alan in the past. For all the show of helpfulness and sympathy, it felt as if he was somehow enjoying the Knightly situation, and it made her feel sick.
“I’d better not keep you. I hope it goes okay in Court,” she said, picking up her bag and turning to go.
“Thanks for coming,” Alan said, following her out. “Take no notice of him; he’s always been a bullshitter,” he added, pulling the front door to behind them. “Please go and see Chris, won’t you?”
Faye nodded. The others two were coming out of the house now, heading towards a gleaming new Bentley that was parked directly behind Faye’s old banger. It made her car look even more of a rust-bucket than she’d already thought it was.
She phoned the prison and arranged to see Christian that afternoon.





Chapter Ten


Louise turned up at the Parks’ flat without an appointment. She didn’t want them to have time to get their stories straight before her visit. 
She found Mrs Parks at home, but she was on her own, and as soon as she heard why Louise had come, she got very hostile.
  Her son lived up in Aberdeen. He rarely even visited Seaford thanks to what happened before. He was away, working on the oilrigs. That woman had driven him away. He was ten days into his shift now, so no, Louise couldn’t discuss any missing child with him. He hadn’t seen the girl for six years, and that was God’s honest truth. That awful woman beat her son half to death in a drunken frenzy, and then he just let her get away with it. What was that all about? Eh?
Louise checked the details of Barry Park’s shift pattern with his employer and then phoned Joyce with the news that he couldn’t be involved.      
“Where is she them? What are you doing to find her?” Joyce asked.   
“I’m going to check out her friends next. I’d like to get a clearer picture of her movements on Saturday. Mrs Stevens, I really think you need someone with you. Have you any friends or relatives you can call on.”
“No, it’s only me and Gabriella. My mother and sister are in Spain. I kind of lost touch after Gabriella was born. I haven’t seen anyone from Andy’s family since the funeral. You’d think they’d want to see his child, wouldn’t you, but they don’t.”
“Look, you need someone. Go and knock on your neighbour’s door…“
“What that nosy cow? She called the police on me!”
“And stopped you going down for murder by all accounts. Nosy cows can be useful. Give her a try.”
Joyce took a deep breath. “That other man, the murderer,” she said, “the one they got for Anna Cox, you don’t think he...”
“The times don’t add up. He was in custody before Gabriella’s orchestra practice finished,” Louise said. “We need to check she actually went, of course, but if she did there’s no chance.”
“I rang the school, after you left,” Joyce said in a voice so low that Louise strained to hear her. “She wasn’t there...She never misses...” she tailed off into a deep throaty sob.
“Get your neighbour in, Joyce. I’ll question the murder suspect, but I really don’t think there would have been time...” 
 “Oh, God. How can I get through this? Find her. Please. You’ve got to get her back...” she broke down into more loud sobs.
“Joyce, I’ll call your neighbour.” She waited for a response. Joyce didn’t raise any objections. She didn’t say anything at all. Louise took that as permission granted. “Answer the door to her, won’t you? She thinks well of you, whatever happened in the past. Let her in.”
Louise phoned the neighbour and quickly explained what Joyce was going through. Of course she’d go and see the poor woman; no one should have to go through that alone. She’d help all she could. 
Louise turned her car round and made for Lewes prison.





Chapter Eleven





Faye arrived back at the hospital to find that word was well and truly out, and the inevitable apportioning of blame and covering of backs was in motion. There were several messages on her desk telling her to contact her manager immediately. The chief administrator also wanted a word with her. The coroner’s office had been in touch, and the police wanted to arrange a time to take a statement from her.      
Reluctant though she was to contact anyone, she knew it would be best to get it over with. Her immediate manager seemed the obvious first choice, so she knocked on Trevor’s door.
“Thank goodness you’re back,” he said.  Faye noticed that he had Christian’s notes already open on his desk. “I’ve been getting phone calls about this all morning, and I haven’t a clue what to say. Why on earth didn’t you discuss this with me before you left this morning? Where have you been? Joan said you cancelled all your visits first thing today.”
“I went to see Christian’s father. He’s in a terrible state about all this.”
“I should think he would be, but was that wise? For heaven’s sake, Faye, it might have been better to sort out our facts before you talk to anyone.”
“That’s why I spoke to Alan, to find out…”
Trevor shook his head. “This is going to look very bad for the department and for the health authority. You must know how big it’ll be in the media, especially when they find out he was under our care.”
“I know how it looks, Trevor. But quite honestly, I’m not convinced Christian did kill her.” 
“That’s just wishful thinking on your part, Faye.”
“His father is certain he is innocent and that this is all a horrible misunderstanding, and I’m beginning to think he might be right. Christian always seemed so gentle.”  
“Of course his father doesn’t think he did it,” he said. “Believe me; the police have no doubt at all. You mustn’t get drawn into what the family thinks. You are getting over emotional and confused.”
“No I’m not!” 
“Faye, you must accept that Christian Knightly, your patient, did do this, however unexpected it was. We must start on some sort of a damage limitation exercise. I’m afraid that’s all we can do now. The locals are bound to blame the hospital. They never wanted it here and will probably try to get it shut down again. This is going to be very bad publicity, you do know that, don’t you?”
“Yes of course I do. But what if he’s innocent? The police seem to have made their minds up very quickly, don’t they? Isn’t there going to be any further investigation?” 
“No, I don’t think there is. Christian has confessed. He showed them where he had hidden the body. How much more evidence do you think they need? If you go spouting off about Christian being innocent, it’s going to look as if you are totally insensitive to the feelings of the bereaved family. That’s no good at all. You have got to show that you take their feelings very seriously, and are just as devastated as they are.”
“Well of course I feel for them, and I am as devastated by their loss, as any parent would be, but that doesn’t mean that Christian did it. If I’ve any doubts at all, surely I have some sort of duty to voice them.”
“Faye, you aren’t listening to me,” he said. “You’re too caught up in all this. You’re bound to feel sympathy for Christian and his family, but it’s clouding your judgement. You’re in danger of looking unprofessional and making the trust look very uncaring.”
“But I know Christian…”
“I don’t care,” he said, raising his voice and throwing his hands in the air. “You must accept the police findings and show a concerned, apologetic and remorseful attitude when anyone talks to you about Christian. He has killed a young girl. You must understand what that means to the public?”
“Of course I know what it means, and I do feel terribly responsible, but I still think there may be a strong possibility that Christian did not do this.” Faye felt her conviction waning. “Maybe I am getting confused about this now,” she said. “At first I was shocked and thought he was as guilty as hell, but then I spent two hours with his dad, and he was so convinced that Christian is innocent, that I started to agree. I really don’t know what to think now, Trevor.”
“Go home Faye,” he said. “We can do everything else we need to do in a few days time, when you’ve had a chance to think about it more.”
“But I...” 
“Cancel all your visits and go home ‘til Wednesday. Leave your diary, and be careful what you say. Don’t talk to the press whatever you do.”
“God, I can assure you, that’s the very last thing I’m likely to be doing.”
She went, grateful for this respite and eager to get away from the interest, sympathetic or otherwise, of her colleagues. She did feel drained and unable to think straight, but she also had it in the back of her mind that she wanted to keep her promise to Alan and see Christian. Trevor would be dead against this, but he hadn’t actually told her not to go, and Faye could see no other way of getting it clear in her own mind as to whether Christian was guilty or not. She needed to hear his account of what had happened that weekend, for her own sake as much as his.





Chapter Twelve
	 					


Christian was still out at court when Louise arrived at the prison. The Assistant Governor had already been informed that he was on his way back, so he told her that she was welcome to wait. 
The hearing had been scheduled in a last minute lunchtime slot to avoid the press being there in force or an angry crowd gathering outside. He suggested that she waited in the small interview room designated for police use. 
Louise put her waiting time to good use by phoning Gabriella’s school.
She was lucky to catch anyone there, the secretary told her. The school had broken up the previous Friday. State schools had another week of term left, but they were officially on holiday. Most of the teaching staff were in though; they had just finished a planning meeting for the next school year, so who did she want to talk to?
 Louise spoke to the head first, and then she was put through to the form teacher. Both of them were concerned that Gabriella hadn’t made it to orchestra practice. She was usually such a diligent and committed pupil. They had already had a phone call from her mother. 
Joyce had been distraught, of course, particularly when they said Gabriella hadn’t attended the practice. That meant she had been missing since nine o’clock Saturday morning, when she left for the bus, not one o’clock as Joyce had previously thought.
“Would she have had her ‘cello with her?” Louise asked the form teacher. “It would make her quite noticeable on the bus and in any CCT cameras she passed.” 
“No. She had a practice one at home and one for use at school.”
Louise asked if she’d ever witnessed any incidents of bullying or anything that might make Gabriella want to run off.
“No,” she said, “but I was aware that she was less wealthy than most of our students. Our senior orchestra, which is the one she plays in, is due to make a short tour of America next term. That’s why the extra practices have been arranged. Gabriella has mentioned to me a few times that she might not be able to go.”
“Does she need to come up with the funds herself?”
“Only the fares. Most of the youngsters can manage that, and accommodation is provided by the schools they visit and all internal travel by this school. I did wonder if she had decided that the extra practices weren’t worth it because she had decided she couldn’t go.”
“Couldn’t the school have helped? I mean, don’t you have a fund?”
“Oh, we do. I was waiting for confirmation from the governors that we could help her, and then I was going to talk to her about it. I wouldn’t have let one of our best players stay at home if I could help it.”
“But she didn’t know that?”
“No. And I wonder if some of our girls aren’t a bit catty about money sometimes...”
“Does Gabriella have friends at school?”
“Yes, she is a very popular girl.”
“Do you know if she sees any of them outside school hours?”
“There’s Sasha Hamilton. She’s very close to her. She would be the one to ask. They both live in Seaford.” 
Louise took down Sasha Hamilton’s contact details and thanked the teacher for her time. Now she was really worried. Two girls, both less well off than their friends, both in need of cash so they weren’t the only one of their group missing out on something they really wanted to do.
Oh dear, Gabriella. Where did you go? Where on earth are you now? 
There must be a link, surely. Or was she adding two and two and making six, like Radley would say?   
She heard noises outside. Christian was on his way in. 			
“By the way,” the accompanying officer said to her as he removed the handcuffs. “There’s a nurse upstairs to see him, when you’ve finished. She’s waiting in the hospital wing.”
“Okay, good. I’ll have a word with her after I’ve spoken to him,” Louise said. “Tell her I’ll be waiting in the Gate.”
Louise put her voice recorder on the desk and formally introduced herself and the warden who was sitting in with her.
Then she pushed the photo of Gabriella across the desk towards him, watching his expression closely. Nothing registered.
“Where is she Christian?”
He looked bewildered. “Is she dead?” he asked. “Is she in the same place as the other one...long blond hair...did I kill her?”
“Stop messing about Christian,” she said. “Do you keep them somewhere first? Is she hidden somewhere, expecting you to come back with food?”
Christian’s face crumpled, like a small child about to cry. He stared back at Louise making breathy gasps for air, but no words came.
 “Are there other places, Christian, other hidden bodies? You must tell me; I could still save her.”
Christian threw himself backwards in his seat. “I don’t know,” he said, covering his face with his hands and shaking his head from side to side. “I don’t know...”
“Christian you must know. You’ve been telling us for months about a blond girl. Tell me about her now.”
He shook his head a few times, as if to dislodge something unpleasant. He shut his eyes and spoke in a barely audible childlike voice. “She was older than me. Not like this girl,” he said staring at the picture. “Big. Much bigger than me. Lots of yellow hair. She was laid down. Asleep, but her eyes were open. There was blood, lots of red blood on her jumper, it was soft, like woolly and pink before but now it was all wet and red...”
“Are you sure she was bigger than you, Christian. You’re six foot four aren’t you?”
“Not now, then...”
“When?”
“I don’t know...” he covered his face and started rocking. “I don’t know...she’s dead. I killed her...blood on my hands....No telling tales...” he broke down into sobs.
Louise waited until he had calmed down again.
“Christian have you ever seen the girl in the photo before?” she asked.
“No.”
“Had you ever seen the girl we found on Saturday before?”
“Yes. Her picture was on television.”
“But had you seen her yourself, apart from pictures in the paper and on television?”
“No.”
“Look at the picture again. Have you ever seen this girl?”
Christian looked at the photo blankly for a long time. He shook his head.
“No.”
“Christian, where were you before you came to the Police Station on Saturday?”
“At home.”
“What were you doing?”
“Watching television, I saw the girl, the parents...”
“And then you came straight to us?”
“Yes.”
“Had you left the house at all before coming to the Police Station?”
“No.”
“Christian, you’ve got to help me. Please. She might still be alive.”
Louise stared at him in silence for a minute or two, giving him a chance to think, to come up with something useful, but he crumpled again into noisy breathy tears.
“I want to help,” he gasped between the sobs, “I want to save the girl, but I can’t.”  
“Okay, that’s all for now.” Louise said, putting the photo back in the file.





Chapter Thirteen


Faye Lovall had given her name to a sullen prison officer in the office at the gate, and passed her identification badge to him. He took a picture of her with a camera hovering above his desk, and provided her with a visitors pass. 
“You’ll have to wait a bit, love. Our boy is out at the moment, but the nurse said to send you straight up.”
He radioed a colleague to escort her through to the hospital wing. They crossed a tarmac courtyard surrounded on the other three sides by the prison itself. 
Men, some of them little more than youths, could be glimpsed trying to see as much as they could out of the small openings of the windows. They called noisily to each other, and Faye heard a few ribald comments directed towards her. 
The hospital wing was set apart from the rest of the building. There was a strip of grass in front of it. Someone was trying, in vain, to cheer the place up. Several thick heavy doors were unlocked, and Faye was shown into a small consulting room in the outpatient area of the hospital wing. The warden told her to wait there.
The tang of stale disinfectant and urine hung in the air. Faye sat looking around at the dreary walls, feeling increasingly oppressed. How on earth would Christian cope with this, she thought, it’s bad enough for me, and I’m going home.  
After a short while, the door opened. Faye stood up ready to greet Christian, but instead a middle-aged woman came in, wearing a traditional, navy blue, matron’s style uniform.
“Faye Lovall?” asked the nurse. “I’m Sandra Gibson. I’m the nurse on duty upstairs today; we spoke earlier on the phone. I’m afraid there’s been a bit of a mess up with the arrangements for today. Knightly is back from court, but a policewoman came in to see him, so she’s seeing him first up in the main block. The police don’t tend to see prisoners on the wings. They think they’d get too much hassle if they started wandering about the prison. She said she wouldn’t be very long, and she knows that you are due to come this afternoon. She did say she would like to have a word with you when you have seen Christian, if that’s possible.”
“I don’t mind, but I’ll have to make sure it’s all right with Christian. He might not want me talking to anyone, and my first duty is to him.” Faye answered. 
“Right,” said Sandra. “Well in the meantime do you want to come upstairs and have a cup of coffee and a chat? I don’t see many other nurses, working here. There’s only ever one of us on duty at a time.”
They made their way up the iron staircase. It was the most depressing place Faye remembered being in. She had expected something resembling a hospital ward, but no, the tiny office with its dull Perspex windows was on a landing surrounded by cells. 
“There’s not much to do here,” Sandra said. “I do the tablets a couple of times a day, and that’s about it. If there is ever anything really wrong with any of them, they get taken to a hospital on the outside, or at least to a prison with better medical facilities.”
“How’s Christian coping?” Faye asked. “I’m finding the surroundings a bit daunting; it must be a nightmare for someone like him.”
“Oh, he’ll get used to it soon enough,” Sandra replied. “He’s not doing too badly already, keeping quiet most of the time, you know. He got a bit hysterical yesterday at the end of his father’s visit. He had to be held down and sedated. That was a bit of a nuisance. I had to go all the way over to the visitors’ area to do the injection. But other than that, he’s been behaving himself. No, we don’t take any nonsense from them in here, and they soon settle down and get to know what’s acceptable and what isn’t.”
The cell doors were all open. Most of the prisoners were congregating in a large day room, where Faye could see the corner of a pool table and other basic furniture. Again, Faye got the impression that most of the inmates were much younger than she had expected in a prison population. About three quarters of them wore the uniform of blue trousers and striped shirt, and the rest, remand prisoners like Christian, were in their own clothes.
There were two warders chatting casually in the day room’s doorway. Their main activity seemed to be lighting a regular stream of cigarettes. Many of the young men approaching them bore scars. A few had dressings on their lower arms and one on a neck wound.          
“Anyhow,” Sandra said, “we’re on special measures at the moment. We’ve had a whole heap of suicides here, and the Home Office is getting a bit rattled by it. Christian is on suicide watch on account of his age and the sort of crime he committed, and also because he is a known schizophrenic and violent. I’m hoping that Broadmoor get their arses down here and assess him soon. It really is too big a responsibility for us to have him here.”
“Oh, Christian has never been violent, he’s a bit of a gentle giant.” Faye said, but got a totally dismissive look from the other nurse.
“You mean until he killed that girl, don’t you?” Sandra said, raising her eyebrows. “You know what we think of child killers in here surely. The lowest of the low, they are, to both the warders and the other prisoners. He’ll get given a really bad time by the other lads. If it comes out that he raped her too, well as soon as they get wind of what he did, you mark my words, his life won’t be worth living, I can tell you.”
There was pleasure, almost excitement, in Sandra’s voice at that prospect. Faye turned away so that her disgust didn’t show.
“And if he wasn’t violent, he wouldn’t be diagnosed as schizophrenic, would he?” Sandra added.  
What could Faye say? Her last vestiges of hope that Christian would be treated fairly faded. Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty, and a proper investigation of the facts?   
If Faye had been feeling quite uneasy about making this visit, given Trevor’s position on the matter, now she felt totally justified. He so clearly needed a friend now, and she could no more turn her back on him and leave him to the mercy of such an uncaring and prejudiced system than fly to the moon.
“How long have you worked here?” she asked, hoping to get the conversation flowing in a different direction.
“Eleven years.” Sandra said. “I used to work up at the Infirmary, but everything has changed in nursing now. There’s no discipline, and no respect for seniority any more. I couldn’t get used to the new ways, and eighteen-year-old student nurses dictating what they would and wouldn’t do. Always questioning what the senior staff were doing. Things are different here, I can tell you. We are much more traditional. Authoritarian some would call it, but it works. The prisoners need that level of routine and discipline, of course, so that everyone knows what is expected of them.”
“You must have seen many changes for the better over the years though?” Faye ventured, still hoping to find some common ground.
“I like the old ways,” Sandra replied. “I don’t like to be casual with everybody, with patients calling you by your first name and uniforms that make everyone look the same. It wouldn’t do for me. When I first started nursing, we all had proper uniforms, a different colour for each grade of nurse. Now if you go into hospital there’s only a small name badge to distinguish between the ward sister and the most junior student. Nobody knows if you are trained or not. Here it’s very different. Nurses are treated with respect, and the patients do as they are told with no talking back. I would never go back to NHS work now.”
Faye wandered how long she would have to keep this conversation going.
She tried to think of another subject to bring up as she and Sandra finished their coffee, but it was the other woman who spoke first. 
“Do you really believe in all this mental illness stuff then?” she asked. “I’ve always thought they could pull themselves together if they really wanted to.”
“Yes, of course I do. I believe that the brain can malfunction, just like any other organ in the body.” Faye replied. “Believe me, if it were possible to pull themselves together they would. No one would willingly suffer the tragic consequences of mental illness if they had a choice.”
“Well, tell me all about Christian then. What kind of family is he from? They must be pretty awful that he should end up like this. He lives in Alfriston doesn’t he? Can you imagine a lovely place like Alfriston, producing someone like him?”
“There’s nothing wrong with his family at all,” Faye replied. “His father is a respected business man who commutes to London, but who also gets involved in local community activities for kids. Christian’s mother died of cancer when he was very young,” this must evoke some sympathy for him, she thought. “But the rest of his childhood seems to have been normal enough.”
For someone with so little regard for Christian, Sandra seemed to have a burning curiosity.   She wanted to know all about him in minute and, Faye thought, unnecessary detail. She asked about Alan’s business, even as to which part of London it was in, and about where Christian went to school, when he left, and if there were any teachers he was still in touch with. She was particularly interested in Alan’s continued involvement in coaching at the school, and if Christian was ever allowed access to young children through this.
“Surely they’ll have to stop that,’ she said. ‘I mean the father being involved with other people’s kids. It can’t be right.” 
Faye answered Sandra’s questions as directly as she could, intending to show that there was nothing to hide, and that they were nice, ordinary and very respectable people. To her relief, their conversation was brought to a close by the jangling of keys and associated noises from downstairs.  
“That must be them bringing Knightly back,” Sandra said, getting up. “I’ll ask them to put him straight into the consultation room for you. Well, I’ve enjoyed our little chat. I hope we meet up again some time. I suppose you will want to get away promptly when you’ve spoken to Knightly, but don’t forget that the Policewoman wants a word with you before you go.”
Faye’s relief at escaping from Sandra soon evaporated when she entered the consulting room and saw Christian. He was sitting with his head bowed and his hands clasped tightly in his lap. 
Faye moved her chair round to his side of the table and leant forward, putting her hand over his.
“Come on, Christian,” she said softly. “Don’t give up. Try and tell me what’s been happening.”
He shook his head.
“Do you know where you are, Christian?” Faye asked. 
He nodded.
“Do you know why they brought you here?” she asked.
“I killed that girl. They tell me I did. I might have killed another one too,” Christian mumbled, without lifting his head.
“But did you kill her, Christian?”
“Must have,” he replied. “Don’t tell me I’m wrong this time” he said, in a stronger almost defiant tone. “I’m confused enough as it is. I remember a tall girl, with lots of long blond hair. The girl they found was different looking. I don’t remember killing her, but the police said I did.”
“You don’t remember anything about it?”
“No. But they say there’s another girl too.”
“What girl?”
“I don’t know...They showed me a picture...”
“Is she dead too?”
“I don’t know...I don’t know...” He pulled away from her, and curled up in the chair.
Faye sighed. “Christian, why on earth did you go to the police station in the first place?” she asked.
Christian took a few seconds before answering.
“I saw the parents. They were on television. They were upset. They said they wanted anyone who might know anything at all to contact the police.”
“Did you know something, Christian?”
“I knew...I thought I knew... where to look.”
“How did you know?” Faye felt a chill creeping over her.
“It just came... into my head.” 
“How, Christian? What were you thinking about? What put it into your head?”
“The voice. The same voice that says, ‘You murdered her too. You’re wicked’. It keeps saying I mustn’t tell anyone. He says they’ll never find her there. ‘Too many bushes, too many brambles. People will walk past only a few feet away, but they’ll never see her, not if you don’t tell, Christian. And you won’t, will you?’” 
Christian had drifted off into that distant world of his own, rapidly mumbling the thoughts that were flitting through his mind.
“‘You’re not to tell anyone. Your mummy has gone. Do you want your daddy to disappear as well, because that’s what will happen? You had no business following us. I told you to wait. This is all your fault. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll keep your mouth shut.’” He stopped talking and looked around fearfully, gasping for breath.  
“Who, Christian?” Faye prompted, leaning towards him and picking up his hand. “Who did you follow?”
But Christian was unable to continue. He was taken over by a violent fit of shuddering and crying.
“Take your time, Christian,” Faye said. “Just tell me, if you can. Who was it you followed?”
“I don’t know,” he said, when he had calmed down enough to continue. “I hate myself. I don’t do anything but harm, and now I don’t know how my dad’s going to cope. What if the person kills him because I went back to the place? Then he might as well kill me too, like he says he will. 
“I wish I knew what happened, what I did, and why and how I did it. I try and try to remember, but there’s nothing at all in here.” He punched his forehead. “I must be so evil. I hope they keep me here forever.”
Faye couldn’t answer him. She heard the clock on the wall behind clunk heavily as the minutes passed.    
“I’m sure the police will sort out exactly what really happened,” she said, breaking the lengthening silence. “Perhaps it’s best for you to try not to think about it too much right now. Tell me about how you feel. Do you need anything?”
“I want to go home,” Christian said. “I want to be with my dad. I want all this to go away.” He covered his face with his hands again and seemed in danger of losing control. 
“When it gets sorted out, you will go home,” Faye replied, hoping to sound positive, but with the awful feeling that she might be lying to him. “In the meantime, we’ve got to look after you here. I want to try and keep you as well and as comfortable as we possibly can while you are here, so that you don’t lose all the ground you gained over the last few weeks. Because you had made progress when you were at home, hadn’t you?” 
“I don’t know,” Christian said, his voice dropping again. “Not if I’ve killed someone. That’s not getting better. I don’t even remember doing it. I must be very, very sick. I guess I’ll just stay here now for the rest of my life now. That would be best, wouldn’t it?”
Faye shook her head. “Christian, I can’t understand all this either. I don’t think you hurt anyone at all. Try not to think about it. Relax, read or talk to other people, but try not to obsess. I am sure everything will work out eventually.”
“Sure,” Christian mumbled. “I’ll do that. If I can.”
He began rocking back and forth. Faye left him. It felt cruel to carry on talking to him. He would probably be better left alone. She nodded to the warden, who was standing outside waiting to take Christian back upstairs. As she left, and heard him speaking to Christian.
“Come on then, Knightly, lad, let’s get you back upstairs to the nurse. I hope you aren’t going to be getting this number of visits every day. You’ll turn out to be a full time job for us.”
Faye didn’t go back upstairs. She leant against the wall in the empty corridor trying to get her thoughts together while she waited for her escort. It had been quite a day already, and she felt absolutely drained, but she still had the policewoman to see, though what use that would be she couldn’t imagine.
The wait for someone to take her back to the main building seemed to go on and on. A claustrophobic feeling had set in after the first few minutes, making clear thinking almost impossible. 
She started to wonder if she had been forgotten all together and was toying reluctantly with the idea of going back upstairs to ask Sandra to call someone when the officer arrived. She followed as he strode back through the quadrangle, again ignoring the calls of the prisoners peering out of their tiny windows. 
Faye’s heart sank even further, faced by the dreadful reality of the place and its atmosphere of hostility and aggression. How would Christian cope with all this if she was having trouble being in the place for just a few hours, and she was supposed to be the strong healthy one? Yet he was saying he thought it best that he was kept there, and that society needed to be protected from him. And always, in the back of her mind, was the nagging feeling that he might be right, which was fighting with the firmly held conviction that he was not evil, and could not possibly have done what he was accused of doing.





Chapter Fourteen


Louise waited in Lewes Prison’s gate area. As soon as she saw the woman being escorted through the inner door, she knew it had to be the psychiatric nurse. The overlarge handbag and informal clothes were all a bit of a giveaway, but even more so, in this place where punishment hardened both those who dealt it and those on the receiving end, there were the kind eyes in an open intelligent face. She had a natural softness and an unkempt beauty. 
“Faye Lovall?” Louise asked, stepping forward. “Would you mind if we had a chat?”
Faye nodded, “Not here though, let’s go somewhere else, This place gives me the creeps.” 
They surrendered their visitors’ passes and were let out through the outer gate. “How about going to one of the cafés in the high street?” Louise said. “It’s only a short walk.”
Faye nodded in agreement, and Louise led the way.  
They walked in silence for a few minutes, waiting to reach a more private location than the narrow pavement close to the prison so that they could speak. 
“I was with your patient earlier,” Louise began as they crossed the road onto the wider high street. “I couldn’t get much out of him. Did he talk to you?”
“Not really,” Faye replied. “He’s scared, he’s upset and he doesn’t recall killing Anna Cox let alone anyone else.”
She sounded defiant. “Don’t use names.” Louise said, looking around. There was no one about.
“Okay,” Faye said. “He only talks about a blond girl. The one that made everyone decide he was delusional.”
“Right. Do you still think that was entirely delusional?”
“I’m not sure. The strange thing is, mentally, he did improve in some ways. He’s just started going out, and he’s more coherent and less thought disordered, but the ‘delusion’ is as strong as ever, and if anything, it seems to be getting clearer.”
“How do you mean?”
“It’s more defined. He can give me more detail.” 
They arrived at a tea shop with a small garden at the back, enclosed by a rough stone wall. “Let’s go over there, Faye, far enough away from everyone else not to be overheard.” 
They ordered at the counter and then settled themselves at a table where Louise could sit with her back to the wall so that she could keep an eye on the rest of the tables. 
“Right. Do you think he has acted on a delusion?” Louise asked. 
“I don’t know” Faye answered. “This all seems a bit unreal...”
“It seems from an initial examination of the body that the girl was killed about a fortnight ago, but she’s been missing for three weeks,” Louise said. She shuddered slightly. The sweet smell of the honeysuckle climbing the boundary wall reminded her inexplicably of the corpse. She forced the memory away, glad that Faye wasn’t looking directly at her. Faye’s eyes were downcast, studying the table.
“Two weeks ago? But Chr...the patient…” 
“Hardly ever goes out. I know,” Louise said. “But he went to the police station. Didn’t he?” 
Faye cleared her throat. “Yes, he did.”
“And his father didn’t notice that he’d gone until about fourteen hours later?”
“But that was a one off; his father hardly ever…”
“Left him alone. I heard that too. Look we need to find out where the victim was kept before her death. Her family need to know, but the thing that makes it urgent is that there’s another girl missing of about the same age. There could be a connection. He could have her stashed somewhere.”  
Faye swallowed, “Christian told me you were looking for another girl, but he has no recollection of doing anything to either of them.”
“That’s why I needed to talk to you. I need you to help me get him to talk.”     
“Yes, but he doesn’t seem to know anything about the murder,” Faye said. “I couldn’t get anything new out of him at all. I don’t see how he could have abducted Anna, hidden her, visited her, and eventually killed her, all without his father knowing anything about it. And now another girl too? It’s not possible. Did he tell you anything that might make you think he’s capable of this?”
Louise cast her eyes around the tea garden, wishing Faye would speak more softly. There were two elderly ladies totally absorbed in their own conversation a short distance away, a man tapping away at an iPad, and another man in cycling shorts, reading a paper. The other three tables were empty.    
“At the police station, we are working on the premise that his condition is an act. The assumption is that he can be devious and deceitful enough when he needs to be. He either did deceive his father and got out of the house for short periods when his dad thought he was in his room, or that his father is covering up for him.”
“I don’t agree with that...” Faye said. 
“He was arrested and charged and taken off to prison without his dad even noticing he had gone. Who can say that there weren’t other times when he was out and about without Alan knowing?”
Faye looked at her, her face blank. She shook her head and stood up. “Louise I’ve had a really bad day. One of my patients is in that dreadful place, accused of an awful crime and stupid or not, I think he’s innocent. I really feel for the other girl’s family, but it’s not connected. How can it be? My loyalty is one hundred percent with my patient.” 
She picked up her bag and turned to leave.  
“No, Faye,” Louise said, “please don’t go yet. I’m sorry if I came across a bit heavy. I just wanted you to give your opinion before I said anything that might influence it. There is a link; there has to be. He knew where to look for the body, but I don’t think he killed her. Do you think he’s capable of murder?”
Faye sat down again, and her posture loosened up, but her eyes were still guarded.  “It’s almost impossible to say who’s capable of what. I don’t even know what I’m capable of half the time. But Christian, murdering a girl? No, I don’t think so.”
“Then we’ve got to talk to each other. There’s only you and me who think there could be any possibility that he’s innocent,” Louise said. “He will go down. Everyone at the station reckons he’s as guilty as hell. They’re not taking the investigation any further. It’s a closed case, just waiting for the inevitable guilty verdict at court.”  
“God... He’s in a terrible position, isn’t he?” 
“Yes, he is,” Louise said. She glanced around the café garden again. A family, a mum and dad with two fidgety, noisy boys, were making their way to the table next to them. Louise was pleased to see them. A man who had come in at the same time had looked as though he was heading for the same table. He had to sit a bit further away. 
“When I first heard what had happened, about the murder and him admitting to it,” Faye said, “I thought, fleetingly, that he must have acted out his delusions. You know; lived out his fantasies or something. But after seeing him and thinking about it more, that’s not what it seems like at all. He says he doesn’t remember killing the girl you found. He agrees he must have because everyone says he did. He knew where to find her, but he really can’t account for how he knew where the body was. He goes on about the other murder, the delusional one, but he has no memories at all about A.”
Their drinks were brought to the table by a chirpy northern girl who wanted to engage them both in conversation. Louise had to cut her off, tactfully but firmly, and she left them alone again.  
“The thing is,” Louise said, as soon as they were alone again, “he didn’t really know where the body was. Not exactly, anyway. He took us to a path. There were lots of overgrown bushes, brambles and stuff, but once we got there, he was no help at all.” Faye was starring into the swirling depths of her coffee. “He just said he had a feeling, as if it was a strong premonition or something, based on no logic at all, but he was adamant we should look there. He was already agitated and fearful, and then he fell apart completely when the body was found.”
“You were there, when she was found? Heck, that must have been terrible,” Faye said, looking up. Louise wished she could keep her voice lower.
 “It wasn’t good,” Louise said, setting the example she wanted Faye to follow by speaking in a voice that barely reached across the table. “But the point is that even if he couldn’t locate the body exactly, of all the hills round here that he could have taken us to, he chose the right one. That’s more than a coincidence.”
“How did he react?” 
Louise shook her head. “We had to wait for backup before we could leave the scene, so it was some time before we could set off. He sat in the police car getting more and more agitated. I thought it best not to discuss anything with him. He kept holding his head in his hands, rocking and muttering.”
Faye nodded. 
“He asked where his dad was, and if he was all right, I didn’t answer, and that made him worse.”
“He worries about his dad when he talks about the murder...”   
“My mind was on how dreadful it was going to be telling the Coxes we’d found her. I felt I’d let them down. I was absolutely shattered.”
“Yes, it must have been awful,” Faye said.  
Louise nodded. “They became the focus back at the police station. The poor Coxes. People who thought she’d run away felt guilty. And who wouldn’t sympathise with them? They were in a dreadful state. So the sympathy pours out there, and the assumed perpetrator is getting the backlash. That’s human nature I suppose; we needed someone to be angry with, and it was so obvious that he had something to do with it. As we walked along the corridor at least two of my colleagues deliberately jostled him. One gave him a bit of a kick on the shin, and then made light of it. He apologised and said it was an accident. You won’t repeat any of this, will you?” she asked.
“No, of course not. I won’t repeat anything you tell me.”
“We aren’t all angels.” said Louise, looking away for a moment. 
The last table was taken by two younger women with four children between them. School must be out. They grabbed two extra chairs from the single man’s table. The two boys who had arrived earlier started running between their table and that of the newcomers. That’ll clear the place, thought Louise. The elderly ladies were already huffing and shuffling in their seats.  
She took up her story again. “At the time I had no sympathy for him at all. I just wanted to be out of there myself.” 
“I can understand that,” Faye said.
“Then two very senior officers arrived to start to interview him, and I wrote up my report.”
“Did you hear how it went?” 
“It didn’t turn out to be as simple as they thought it would be. They couldn’t get anything out of him. After an hour they called a halt and came out to discuss what to do next. Then I was asked to sit in again. They reckoned a familiar face might help. He knew me from his previous trips to the police station. This wasn’t the first time, as you know.”
“And did it help?” 
“No, but I could tell he was really trying to help. He didn’t admit to killing anyone, not at first anyway, but he agreed he must know something. He thought he must have killed her, but couldn’t remember doing it.” 
“No...”
“He kept talking about a blond girl. He said he had killed a very tall blond girl, and he thought that they had hidden her near that spot. He couldn’t say who ‘they’ were, and he didn’t know why we didn’t find any signs of a blond girl. He didn’t seem to me to be play acting, though my colleagues thought he was. I got the impression that he would have helped if he could, but his answers got more confused and disjointed the more time went on. Is this the way you would expect someone with schizophrenia to be?”
“Yes. I would expect his account of things to be even more muddled and contradictory the more distressed he got.”
“Could he be blocking out the memory of the second murder?” Louise asked. 
 “I don’t know. People can block out memories, but it’s usually to do with a neurosis, a hysterical state of some kind, not a psychosis.” 
“Is it possible that he could carry out a whole sequence of actions over several weeks and then not remember what he’d done?”
 “I don’t think so. I still don’t see how he could have been involved in something for that long without his dad noticing.”
“Did he talk to you about the first murder much?” Louise asked. “I mean, this blonde girl he keeps on about. Not Anna.” 
“Not normally, because it was a delusion,” Faye smiled grimly. “A delusion; not a murder. I tried to keep our sessions more reality based. But on our last the session, the day before Anna was found, I got him to talk through exactly what the thoughts were like. I wanted him to try to pinpoint when it first started and see if there were any triggers I’d missed.”
“And were there?” 
“I don’t know. I must admit that at one point, listening to him, I did wonder if he had seen something that had traumatised him. The way he described what was happening for him seemed a bit more like a flashback at times. It was like someone with post-traumatic stress. He said the thoughts first happened when he was looking at old photos of his stepmother, his dad’s ex-wife, who hasn’t actually lived with them since he was four. She is not dead though; Alan said so.”
“I’d want to check that; his word is hardly proof,” Louise said. 
“But the more I think about it,” Faye said, “the more certain I am that my patient didn’t kill that girl. I’m sure he would remember. Why would he tell you that he murdered a girl and want to be locked up for it and then deny another? If he was evil enough to have been acting out his previous fantasy, I honestly think he would be shamelessly telling us all about it now.”
All six children were running round the tables now. The elderly ladies and the cyclist had gone. The man who was on his own was still engrossed in his iPad. Louise felt safe from eavesdroppers at last.
“People with schizophrenia often feel responsible for things that they have nothing to do with,” Faye told her. “Why would he want to hide it now if he had gone and killed her? It doesn’t make any sense at all.”
“No, it doesn’t,” Louise said. “After the interview, I started to think over what he had said and how it had gone generally, and I started to feel very uneasy about the whole thing. I felt ashamed, as if I’d been part of something crooked. I think we all got caught up in the heat of the moment. The strong emotions flying about at the time kind of clouded our judgement.”
“I can see why that would have happened.” Faye said. 
“It was easier to think that the whole psychiatric illness bit was a bit of an act.” 
“He’s not acting.” Faye said. “He’s got a very poor grasp on reality at the best of times. One thing he had started to accept recently is that other people know what’s real and what isn’t better than he does. That alone makes him very suggestible.”
 Louise nodded. “Yes. I think he only confessed because he thought that’s what everyone wanted him to do.” 
“But surely when they look for forensic evidence and don’t find it, then everyone will think again won’t they?” 
“I don’t know. It’s highly likely that they will find something to connect him to the body. We weren’t being careful. In the car, when he was upset, I would touch his shoulder when we spoke.”
“Oh dear,” said Faye.
“I know,” Louise said. “It would have been very easy for a hair or two of his to be transferred to one of us and then on to Anna’s body. I would be surprised if they don’t find any evidence to use against him.”
“Oh, God,” Faye sighed. “It seems there’s very little hope for him. Especially as people are already saying it might not go to court. He’ll be locked up for the rest of his life because of a confession made under duress when his thinking was far from clear.”
 “If you help me, Faye, then maybe we can sort this out. If a mistake has been made, someone out there is getting away with murder, and other people, other young girls, are at risk. Supposing that other girl is being held somewhere, locked up and starving to death, and Christian can give us the information that might save her?”
“He can’t. He would have if he could.”
“Something might be locked away in his head somewhere. Like the location of the body. He might know something relevant without even knowing he knows it.”
“Are the police trying to link him with the other girl’s disappearance?”
“Not yet. I did, after I spoke to her school teachers, but I haven’t spoken to my inspector yet. I was only handed the case this morning, and after seeing the mother and making a few other enquiries I went straight to the prison. I will try to convince him that there’s a link, but my gut feeling is that he’ll be reluctant to even consider it.”
The iPad user was still working away. Louise wondered how he could possibly concentrate with the children laughing and darting about all round him. 
“But why would he be reluctant?” Faye asked.
“Hundreds of young people go missing each year. Usually they just leave home. If they are over sixteen and from the sort of family you might want to escape from, then nothing much is done about it. Strangely, both girls are from homes where there has been police and social work involvement. That usually makes you think they’ve run away, but at least one of them hadn’t, and I’m pretty sure the other one didn’t either.” 
“So the investigation will continue?”
“No I don’t think it will. There will be a concerted effort to convict our one and only suspect. We don’t get many murders here. A conviction will make our statistics look really good, and everything is about statistics these days.”
“Tell me about it.” Faye said, wryly.
“If they categorise the other one as a runaway, there’s no crime. Again good statistics. I think that’s what my boss is going to want to do.”
“But he can’t. They’ve got to be linked; two missing girls...”
“I agree, but for investigation purposes, the West victims were not linked until their bodies were found. Neither were the Moors Murder victims. Six missing kids from one area and no one thought to link them until the murderers were virtually caught in the act. It took indisputable evidence, a body in the house, photos, a tape, before the police realised they’d got a serial killer on their hands.”
“Good God,” Faye said, shaking her head.
“We only ever link murders if the killers make it easy for us,” Louise continued. “Like when they leave bodies virtually with their signature on, Yorkshire Ripper style, but even then they’re hard to nail.”  
 “We can both give our opinions, can’t we?” Faye asked. ”I know I’ve got to write a report for the coroner’s office, and I assume you will do a statement about your meeting today.”
“I don’t think I will have much influence,” Louise replied. “I’ll be shouted down by all the senior officers. It’s an open and shut murder case and a runaway. That’s what they’ll want to think.”
“But you don’t?”
“No, I don’t. I met the parents of one and the mother of the other. I’m convinced they are linked and that your patient has something to do with both too. I’m not saying he’s guilty; I don’t think he is, not after seeing him just now, but he knows something. The only possible way to clear him is to find out what actually happened to both girls.”
“Okay, but how?”   
 “I need you to talk to me. I need you to stay in touch with your patient and his family and pass back to me anything that might be helpful.”
“What about confidentiality?”
“It’s not really an issue. Child protection overrides everything else, and we’re trying to locate a missing girl. And if I’m right, you will be helping your patient in the long run.” 
“Okay. I feel I’ve let him down so completely that it’s the least I can do. Alan, his father, certainly wants me to carry on seeing him, and the prison nurse doesn’t seem to be against it, so I guess I can do that much.” 
“Right. Another good first step might be to find out if there’s anything behind this other murder that he keeps bringing up.”
“The delusion?” 
“Yes. What if it wasn’t a delusion, but actually happened? If he saw something or was implicated in some way, then there must be a missing person, or unsolved crime on file somewhere. I can go back through old cases and maybe find something useful, would you be able to carry on seeing him, and getting him to talk about it as much as he is able? Eventually we might be able to get a clearer picture of that incident.”
“I just hope he’s not whisked off to Broadmoor too quickly,” Faye said.
“What’s Alan like?” Louise asked. “Now you’ve had the chance to get to know him, do you think he could be guilty of anything, and his son’s trying to protect him?”
“No. I sometimes get the oddest feeling that he is not being totally up front with me. Like when someone is ashamed or embarrassed and doesn’t want to tell you about something. He often blames himself for remarrying too quickly after his wife’s death.”
“In what way?”
“Oh, he says it was a disaster and a horrible time for Christian...”
“Do you think Alan could have done away with the step mum?” Louise asked.
“No. Like I said, she’s been in contact over the years.”
“What for?”
“Usually asking for money, apparently.” 
“Okay, I can run a few checks...” 
“I’ll have to ring Alan in the morning and report back on today’s visit. I promised him I would, so I can see if he can come up with anything else that might help.”
“Be careful, though, “Louise said. “Don’t give anything away, and remember Alan may turn out to be a suspect yet. Don’t say too much about me being concerned about the police’s handling of it, or the fact that I want to investigate further. Not just yet, anyhow. I know it’ll be tempting to give him some sort of hope, but right now, don’t.”
“Okay, I’ll be discrete, but if Alan has been up to no good, and is letting his son take the blame, then I’m truly a worse judge of character than I ever thought I was.”
Louise started to stand up, assuming the conversation was over, but Faye remained seated. 
“Louise,” she said. “There is something else I’d like to run past you.” 
Louise sat down again and waited.
Faye told her about the car crash and the driver who almost ran over her as she tried to attract attention on the roadside.
“Didn’t you report it to the police?” Louise asked.
“The police came. They asked me briefly what happened, but it never occurred to me that someone would want to do me harm.”
“Did you have the car examined and the brakes looked at?”
“No. The sort of cars we drive go straight to the scrap-yard when we’ve done with them. It was only insured third-party; comprehensive would have cost more than the car was worth.”
“Where did it go?”
“I don’t know. My husband, Myles, dealt with it.”
“Could you find out?”
“Yes, but it’s probably a cube by now. It was scrap before the accident, let alone afterwards.”
“But I think it’s worth looking at, if we still can. Let me know which breaker it’s gone to, and I’ll look into it.”	
“I don’t know, Louise, I don’t want to put you to any trouble. I expect it’s my imagination working overtime. All this is probably getting to me.”
“You didn’t imagine the blue van, and generally speaking older folk underplay things. They don’t exaggerate.”
“Why on earth would anyone want to do me any harm?” Faye asked.
“It could, and I’m only saying could, be tied up in some way with your patient. There could be people out there who want him to shut up.”
“Then why go for me not him?”
“Perhaps you were the easier target. Or, more likely, they assumed that the older car on the driveway was the son’s,” said Louise. “Maybe it’s someone who wouldn’t actually do him harm, but doesn’t want him remembering whatever it is that’s troubling him either.”
“Are you thinking of Alan again?”
“Yes. If he saw something that could get Alan put away, then he could be trying to stop you unlocking those memories, couldn’t he?”
“No, Louise. I can’t go along with that at all. If I wasn’t around, someone else from our department would’ve taken over. I’m sorry, but I trust Alan Knightly completely. If someone is making an attempt to stop my patient talking, it’s someone else.”
Louise decided not to argue the point. Faye was showing a bit of a mental block where Alan Knightly was concerned.
“Okay,” she said. “Let me know which scrapyard the car went to, and I’ll have a look at the report from the police who attended the incident.”
“Right, I’ll ask Myles and I’ll get in touch when I know who it was. But like I said, it’s probably just me imagining things.”
“It could be, but it’s impossible to know. Be careful, Faye. We don’t know what’s going on, and my gut feeling is that someone did try to harm you, and they might try again. If our man is innocent, there’s a murderer still at large, and one that got a vested interest in someone else being convicted. Our attempts to prevent that might not go down too well. Are you prepared to continue, knowing that?”
“Of course. I’ve got young children. I don’t want to live in a world where there’s no proper justice, or in a town with a murderer on the loose.”
“Okay then. Just as long as you know what you’re getting into.”
They said goodbye and parted. Louise watched Faye disappear into the throng further down the high street before she turned to make her way back up to the prison car park.
She walked a hundred yards or so, lost in her own thoughts. During a lull in the traffic she heard footsteps, not running, but moving a few beats faster than normal behind her. It was too hot for the British public to be moving fast without a very good reason.
There was a bus stop on the other side of the road with five people in the queue; two ladies in their late seventies or early eighties she guessed, and three men of assorted ages and not the fittest looking specimens but maybe enough of a deterrent. Certainly it was a better option than carrying on walking. There were too many dark alleyways, that that she could be dragged into further up, or she might end up tackling him in the prison car park, which wouldn’t be good either.  
Louise stopped. Keeping her back to the wall, she turned towards the moving figure to find out if she was the reason for his haste while she was out in the open and in a fairly good defensive position. 
As she turned, the man pulled a balaclava from round his neck to cover his face. She got a glimpse of tufts of dark hair before his whole head was covered.  He was touching six foot she thought, only three inches taller than her, and he was well built and seemed muscular. She decided that they were evenly matched.
She wasn’t actually scared, but she tried hard to look it; A frightened defenceless female, that’s what she would be to make him feel confident and to keep the element of surprise. Let him make the first move and the first mistake.
He turned to face her, positioning his body between her and the road and blocking her from the view of the bus queue. 
“What do you want?” she started to ask, but before the words were out, both his hands were round her neck, and his thumbs were pressing down on her windpipe. It was the barefaced cheek that surprised Louise most. They were in a public area where cars were driving past. Maybe he thought it might have looked like a loving embrace from the road, and there were no pedestrians on this pavement.
 But Louise Highcroft hadn’t learnt breakaway techniques at her father’s knee for nothing. This was something she could have dealt with as a six year old, even before she started learning all the other martial arts that she had mastered over the years.
Her arms came up between his, pushing up and out, dislodging his grip and causing him to totter forward. She followed her own momentum and head-butted him hard in the face. He bent double spraying blood all over her clothes. She suspected his nose was broken.
He straightened up, stepping away from her, and he pulled back his right fist. Louis deflected the blow with her right forearm, and it landed on the wall behind her.
Then suddenly she was surrounded by people. People from the bus queue had crossed the road, and cars were stopping further up the road, and doors were opening. People got between Louise and the man, men facing him, while women tried to draw her away.
Her attacker held up his hands, as if to surrender peacefully to the men, but they held back from approaching him, exchanging unsure glances with each other. No one took decisive action, and he used their uncertainty to edge away, and then he turned and fled. Through the throng of the helpful bystanders, Louise caught a glimpse of him removing his balaclava and mopping at his face. No one gave chase. Car doors closed as he went past and opened again when the danger was gone.
In their concern and innocence, the crowd had managed to put an end to any chance she had of catching him. It was the old women who were the biggest nuisance. They were right in front of her, side by side, each holding one of her arms, as if she might fall over. She could have pushed past, but not without risking having at least one of them on the floor, and at their age that would have meant broken bones. 
By the time she had convinced them that she was okay, and that she hadn’t been stabbed and that the blood was his and not hers, he was long gone. 
She refused the ambulance that they kept suggesting, and she didn’t let them call the police. There would be too many questions, far too much paper work, and anyway, he was the one with the broken nose and damaged hand, while she was unscathed. How would she explain that? 
She fed the crowd a few lies about a tiff that had got out of hand, thanked them for coming to her aid, and eventually they went away, leaving Louise to go back to her car.
She drove back through Lewes High Street in the hope of seeing her attacker, either on foot or in a car. She spent an hour touring the narrow streets and checking out the car parks, and then she gave up and set off home, angry with herself for failing to keep hold of him, and in need of a bath and change of clothes.





Chapter Fifteen



He held an ice pack to his face and cursed. 
He had failed to shut that bloody lady detective up, and he wasn’t used to failure. He would certainly win the next round. She’d had a bit of luck that’s all, and he’d make sure her luck ran out soon.
He’d have to delay attending to his latest little beauty again. He couldn’t go out like this. He’d have to alert someone else to feed and water her, and that was never without risks. 
He’d made sure he was in court for the committal proceedings that morning. 
He’d been keeping an eye on Christian Knightly ever since he’d seen the spark of recognition in the boy’s eyes, six months ago now, only days after his return to England. The boy had had some sort of breakdown. That was reassuring. No one would listen to a thing he said. 
He had tried to remove even that small risk, but he had failed. Circumstances had always conspired against him. The boy hardly ever left the house without his father, and he daren’t let Mr Knightly senior see him.
When he was fairly sure the boy had become a recluse, he dropped his vigilance a bit, but then, but when the girl was in the papers all week he went up there again, just to see if any opportunities presented themselves. 
There was an old car on the drive. Not the old man’s style at all, so it must be the boys. He took a risk then, and he did a little job on it. An hour or so later, it pulled out of the drive. He followed it as it took off down the road, expecting to be able to finish off the driver when it crashed.
It wasn’t Knightly. Some woman got out.
No plea had been entered today; the Judge wanted full social and psychiatric reports first, but it was virtually a done deal. If he wasn’t fit to plead, then the courts would assume his guilt anyway. They certainly wouldn’t be looking for anyone else in this case.
He left the court a happy man, relieved and ready to go and attend to his sweetie, but then, on his way back to the car park, he’d spotted the zealot. She was with a woman who looked suspiciously like the one in the car that had come out of the Knightly’s drive.
He followed them into a cafe put his iPad in front of him and listened for all he was worth. He could only hear a little of what they were talking about, but he didn’t like what he heard. 
He had decided there and then to get rid of the zealot that day, but he had failed, and he really hated failure.
He wasn’t used to things going wrong for him. In Spain it had been so easy; nothing ever went wrong. He thought he was good at this. He’d had enough practice.       
Okay, with the first one he’d had a little help from his ever loving mother. Surprisingly she’d come up trumps when he’d arrived back home as a green and frightened teenager who hadn’t made the necessary preparations, and hadn’t thought it through.
They’d never had a good relationship before that. She tended to ignore him, dragging him along with her through her various relationships while she concentrated on charming one new lover after another. It was a strange kind of life, but somehow lucrative.
But when he told her in blind panic what he had done, expecting her to turn him in to the police, or out of the house at the very least, the old bitch had really surprised him. A kind of respect had crept into her face. She took over, getting them some money and sorting out an alibi, and then she got him out of the way. 
She treated him as if he were finally a man; as if he had completed a rite of passage.
He had never needed her help again.





Chapter Sixteen


Louise woke up before five the next morning.
Still in her pyjamas, she took her coffee through to the lounge of her flat. It was a plain room; too plain, she had started to think recently. The builders’ magnolia and the grey and white furnishings contrasted too starkly with the brightness of summer in a seaside town.
 She sat down opposite the one photo from her childhood home that she had brought here. It was of her parents, outside Buckingham Palace after her father had received his award, the Queens Medal for Bravery. 
Six months later he had earned another one for getting in the way of a burglar’s knife in the post office in Seaford High Street. That one was awarded posthumously to Louise, his only child. Her mother had committed suicide by the time of the award ceremony, unable to live without the man who had been her first love and who had been her support and protector throughout her life.
She picked the picture up and stared at it. They were turned towards each other, smiling into each other’s eyes. Would he have seen the current situation the same way she did? A murder, a false confession, a girl who might have been found in the week before her death if anyone had looked, and another girl missing and in great danger of being killed once she had outlived her usefulness. Or would he see what the rest of them saw; a murder, a confession, an open and shut case, and an unconnected runaway?
If it hadn’t been for Christian Knightly, the body could have rotted where it was for another year or two, but he knew where to look. Surely there was some hope that he could lead them to Gabriella before it was too late. With any luck, Faye could help there. In the meantime, she was going to do some research into the Knightly family, looking especially at Alan Knightly.
Even with the pressure to leave quickly, she couldn’t hurry her morning routine. She fed her cats and cleaned out their litter trays with disinfectant. She sorted out her own breakfast and then cleared it away, wiping all the kitchen surfaces and cleaning all the cupboard doors, even the ones she hadn’t touched that day.
Her rituals were getting worse. Perhaps she should see someone about them. But then, it wasn’t as if she wasn’t aware of what caused them. They had started soon after her mother’s death. She’d been a fairly normally untidy teenager before then, but at that point, stricken with guilt at living it up at university and not noticing her mother’s distress, her life had changed forever. 
She had changed her degree from Humanities to Forensics, and she set her sights on a police career, determined to do her parents credit. She had turned her back on her contemporaries, and in fact isolated herself from friends of any age, and then the cleaning bug had taken hold. 
Nothing would ever wipe away the memory of finding her mother, five days dead, on the floor in the hallway, when after a week of not being able to get hold of her on the phone, Louise had finally made the trip to Seaford. After the funeral, she had arranged for the house to be cleared and sold, and until this position with Sussex Police had come up, she had stayed well away from the south coast.
Should she have come back here at all? No one seemed to want her. She remembered Aiden’s reaction to finding himself in the same place as her when she arrived for work.
“God, that’s all I need; stuck with the geeky daughter of the famous Chief Inspector Highcroft,” he had muttered, not knowing she was just behind him in the huddle at the noticeboard. “We know who’ll be getting all the breaks. I won’t stand a chance.”
Louise was too delighted at finding herself going to Seaford, her first choice, to let it bother her, but she had thought about it a few times since. D.I. Radley didn’t seem too keen to get her either. Would it always be like this? 
She put the picture down and went over to the mirror, tucking a loose strand of blond hair back into the bun that sat tightly on the back of her neck. It was a style she didn’t have to stick with now she was out of uniform, but it was easier to keep it than to think of something new. The eyes that looked back at her were her father’s; blue, flecked with green. She wondered if she reminded Radley of him. Was that it? Had there been some history between the two of them?       
“No favours, no preferential treatment,” he had told her at their first meeting. She wondered if he had welcomed Aiden with the same words. “And no stories reported back to headquarters. What happens in my department stays in my department. I don’t like loose tongues, and I demand one hundred percent loyalty from all my team.”
Just who he thought she would tittle-tattle to, she couldn’t think. Any contact she had with the force hierarchy had died along with her father. Nor did she want, or expect, any favouritism to come her way. All she wanted was fairness and the chance to start her career in the place where her father had started his. This bunch of nettles she had got herself involved in was as good a place to start as any.
She vacuumed through the flat, showered, and finally set off to work. 
In the early morning quiet it didn’t take long for Louise to complete the missing person report on Gabriella Stevens. She left it on Radley’s desk and processed it into all the relevant databases. Then she set about some searches of her own. 
She had gone back ten years, concentrating on unsolved murders. When this drew a blank, she widened her search and covered any kind of violence.
Two murders with female victims showed up on the second search. Both investigations ended with a conviction of a relative, and neither fitted Christian’s description of the woman he talked about killing.  
The office was filling up. Radley was wandering between the desks chatting to his team, and he stopped behind her. “Looking up your dad’s old cases are you, Louise?” he enquired. His voice sounded squeezed.
Aiden swung around to face them. 
“If you’ve got a famous father, you’ve got to make the most of it, haven’t you, Louise?” Aiden said. “Are you looking up his cases?”
“No, I’m not,” she said.
“His name is on the screen now, Louise,” Radley said, reasonably.
“Well it’s bound to be isn’t it? I’m looking at every violent incident in Seaford over the last ten years, but I’m only looking to see if there is anything that might account for what Christian Knightly says about killing a blond girl.”      
Radley stiffened. “Why? What on earth do you think you might turn up that could be anything to do with him. He is a crazy fantasist who’s gone a step too far. He’s acted out his fantasy.”
“I’m not sure, Sir. Do you think he could have seen someone else...”
“No Louise, I don’t.”
“But it’s worth checking, surely, especially now we’ve got Gabriella Steven’s disappearance to think about?”
“So one successful murder investigation isn’t enough glory for you Louise.” Aiden said.  
“Quiet, Aiden, leave this to me.” Radley, to Louise’s surprise, jumped to her defence. “I know Louise’s is a sensible girl,” he added, “aren’t you, Louise?” 
She wondered where this was going. 
“There is no connection. Gabriella Steven has run away from an alcoholic mother who brings men back to their flat,” he continued. “She’s probably staying with friends, or she might be making a clean break and setting up on her own. Beyond a few local enquiries, we don’t need to do anything about it. She’ll be sixteen soon, and then she can live where she wants. Don’t worry about her.”
“But I’ve still got some loose ends to tie up.” 
He shook his head. “There’s no hurry. Our priority is the murder. We need to fill in the gaps where Anna Cox is concerned. I want you to find out where she was prior to her murder, Louise. We’ve got to account for the week before she died.”
“Okay, but…”
“No buts, Louise. Go with Aiden and join the search teams that are checking sheds, buildings and garages, around the area where the body was found.”
“Right.”
“You can use your initiative. Extend the search if you want to. I suggest you pay special attention to any disused outhouses in the grounds of Knightly’s old school.”
“St Richard’s?”
“Yes. Speak to the head. Keep him sweet, and tell him what you’re interested in.”
“Right,” Louise said, starting to close down her computer. 
“Good girl,” said Radley, turning away.   
“So you’re the golden girl now are you?” Aiden hissed, as Radley made his way back to his own office. “It won’t last. I know what Radley really thinks of you, Louise Highcroft.”
“Tell me then,” she said. “I know you’re dying to.”
“That you’re a spoilt little prig who wouldn’t have even got into the police force if it wasn’t for the famous Chief Inspector Tom Highcroft,” he said.
“So that’s what he says about me in all those cosy little chats you have with him is it?”
“No, he didn’t say that. He can’t, can he? He doesn’t want you jumping on the sexual discrimination band wagon, but everyone knows you wouldn’t be where you are if it wasn’t for your family connection.”
“That’s not fair, Aiden, and you know it’s not,” Louise replied. “My father was wasn’t in university with me, or in the training school, when I passed out top of the class. Just leave his memory alone, will you?”
“Touchy, touchy, miss goody-two-shoes. So you’re a swot,” he said, “we could all get good marks if all we ever did as study.” 
“Is that jealousy, Aiden?”
“No, of course not. I’ve got a life, not like you. You’re just wedded to the job, aren’t you? Who’d want to be you?”  He muttered, as he got up and strode out of the office.
“Who indeed?” Louise said to his disappearing back. 
She was planning to separate off from him as soon as could. Whatever Radley said, there was nothing they could do for Anna Cox. Her priority had to be Gabriella Stevens. She might still be alive. 
She gathered up her things, tidied her desk and had started to follow Aiden, when Radley came charging out of his office waving a newspaper in the air and calling her back.
                                                     

Earlier that morning, Faye’s phone had been ringing somewhere. 
She moved quickly around the kitchen table where Sam and Ellie were arguing over the toy in the cornflakes packet. She scanned the worktops. It was eight o’clock, and most of her friends knew better than to ring when she was frantically getting her family out of the house. 
Someone was being very persistent. The ringing stopped for a few seconds when the answer machine kicked in, but it started again almost immediately. Someone was determined to speak to her personally. She finally located it, buried in a pile of washed clothes that were waiting on the worktop to be sorted. 
She answered it quickly, speaking loudly over the noise of her family at breakfast.
“Trevor? I was going to ring you at nine, when you got to the office,” she said, taking the phone through to the lounge. 
“Faye, have you seen the papers? This is absolutely dreadful. Who on earth have you been talking to?”
“No one. What about? What do you mean?” 
“How could you, of all people, get the press involved? Whatever were you thinking? What happened to patient confidentiality?”
Faye shoved a pile of children’s books out of the way and sat down hard on the sofa. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Trevor. I haven’t spoken to anyone from the press. How could I have?”
“Faye, it’s your name and picture that appears in all the newspapers,” he said. 
She heard a paper rustling.
“‘Profile of a Killer. Community Psychiatric Nurse Faye Lovall gives a full and frank description of murderer Christian Knightly,” he read.
“Oh my God,” said Faye. 
“From his early childhood to the day he acted out his evil fantasies and killed Anna Cox.” Trevor continued. “Christian’s upbringing had been perfectly normal. He had coped with his mother’s death and was supported by a loving father and doting grandmother. His mental health worker, Faye Lovall, could see no reason why he should commit a crime of this nature. She said it appeared totally out of character.’” Trevor paused. “Did you say that, Faye, to anyone at all?” he asked.
Sandra. So that’s why she was so inquisitive. It wasn’t interest in Christian’s welfare at all.
“I spoke to the nurse at the prison,” she said. “I thought it would help Christian to give her as much information as possible. I thought we were talking in confidence.”
“Well, clearly you weren’t, at least not as far as she was concerned. It gets worse. ‘Giving details of her contact with him in recent months, Ms Lovall expressed no surprise about the outcome, declaring that it was impossible to foresee which patient was capable of murder and which was not, and that the only way to ensure public safety is to lock them all up.’ Did you say that?”
“No, of course not. That’s not something I would ever say. It’s not what I think; you know it’s not. Why would I say that?” 
“Oh, Faye. This was just the kind of thing I was hoping to avoid, and you had no business at all seeing Christian in prison. You were not in a fit state to see anyone yesterday, or to exercise proper clinical judgement. Why on earth didn’t you go straight home like I told you to?”
“I thought...I wanted to help...” Faye replied. 
“Well it’s too late now.” Trevor said. “No point crying over spilt milk, as they say. Don’t come into work this morning. We are bound to be surrounded by press, and we don’t want to gift them a photo of you on top of everything else.”
“No.” 
“I’ll have to discuss it all with the management later today, and when I know how they’re taking it, I’ll ring you back.”
“Oh, God. I’m so sorry, Trevor,”
“It’s likely that you’ll have to come in and answer a few questions later, but I’ll try to get them to arrange for that to be somewhere other than at the hospital. Stay by the phone, won’t you. Please don’t cause me any further embarrassment by being un-contactable later.”
Myles had come to find her and was watching as she put the phone down.
“Trouble?” he asked.
“Yes, awful trouble,” she replied, and stood up. “Has the paper come yet?”
“I think I heard it, yes,” he said, going to fetch it. 
Faye went through to the kitchen, and they opened it out on the table, and both silently looked with horror at page upon page of lurid detail about what was now described as the Anna Cox case. 
There were pictures of Anna. The article described her as a dream child with a bright future ahead of her, a beautiful and loving girl, a real credit to her family and her school. And then there were pictures of Christian’s home, his school, the hospital, and even the ward that he had been admitted to. It was all accompanied by text practically demonising Christian, talking about a spoilt youth from an affluent and pampered background who was capable of such brutality to a defenceless child. Failure of the health services to provide care and supervision for a potentially violent young man was another major theme. 
“Oh, my God. What’s Alan going to think,” she sighed. “How am I going to be able to face him, or anyone else, ever again? The other mums at the school, everyone we know, they are all going to hate me and think I’m responsible for Anna being murdered.”
Myles drew her into a hug. “Come on,” he said. “We can get through this, and I’ll support you every step of the way.” 

						
Louise looked at the newspaper with a sinking feeling. She skimmed through it, giving hardly any attention to Radley’s angry lecture about the harm that this kind of thing could do to the prosecution’s case. She only started listening to what he was saying when it seemed to be something that needed answering.
“You’ve had too much leeway, Louise. I can’t have you going off doing your own thing all the time. You’ve got to let me know where you are every minute of the day. In fact, it might be best if you are office based for the next few days.”
“But I’m supposed to be following up the missing girl. Gabriella Stevens. I’ve an appointment with one of her friends today.”
“Cancel it. The girl’s not important...”
“Yes she is. Didn’t you read my report? I don’t think she ran away…”
“I don’t care, Louise. I want you in the station at all times.”
“You can’t do that, sir. If this is a disciplinary matter you have to use the proper procedures, and I will defend it. You have no right to alter my working conditions on a whim, or to change my duties, or to discriminate against me without due cause.”
“You can’t go talking about cases outside of the force. I won’t have it.”
“Is my name mentioned in the paper? I didn’t see it. This article quotes someone else, not me.”
“Someone breached confidentiality…”
“It wasn’t me…”
“Have you shared information with anyone outside the department?”
“I haven’t breached confidentiality. We share information with other organisations all the time, especially in relation to child protection. I haven’t done anything other than ask questions.”
“So you admit talking to Knightly’s nurse?”
“Yes. It’s in my report about Gabriella Stevens. I made a few enquiries straight after I’d seen her mother. I contacted her school. I spoke to the mother of one of her mother’s old boyfriends, and I went up to the prison and asked Christian a few questions. He couldn’t answer, so I spoke to his nurse. I think that under the circumstances, we would be in dereliction of our duty if we didn’t talk to Christian, even if it’s to exclude him from that enquiry.”
“The girl’s a runaway.”
“How can you say that? I met her mother, and I don’t think so.”
“I don’t want you speaking to the nurse.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t be trusting her so easily again.” Louise said, looking at the article. 
“Okay. Keep your appointment with the Stevens girl’s friend, but then come straight back here.”
“And if something comes out of that interview that it would be better to follow up straight away? Are you asking me to adopt poor and non-cost-effective working practices because of a newspaper article that has nothing to do with me?”
Radley gave her a hard look and threw his hands in the air and turned away. “Just don’t do anything that could make me put you on a disciplinary,” he said over his shoulder. “Do you hear me, Louise? Don’t tempt me.”
“You’d have to make it stick,” she muttered after him. Radley didn’t appear to hear.

Gabriella’s best friend, Sasha Hamilton, lived in a tall Victorian town house just off Seaford High Street. Louise climbed the five marble tiled steps and waited at a front door that an estate agent would describe as an imposing. 
Mrs Hamilton opened the door in jodhpurs and riding boots, and two docile dogs followed after her; an Afghan and a Labrador. Louise passed them warily; she was terrified of dogs, even docile ones. “I’m off to see to the horses, sorry, must dash,” Mrs Hamilton said. “The children are through there. Help yourself...”
“It would be better if you stayed,” Louise said, “because of your daughter’s age, and because you might have something useful to add.”
“Oh I won’t,” Mrs Hamilton replied. “I never liked the girl. Didn’t have much to do with her at all.”
“But I’d still like you to stay. It shouldn’t take long.”
“Oh, alright then,” she said, without enthusiasm, “come on then.”  
Louise followed her down the corridor into the dining room.      
Sasha gave her mother a withering look. “I thought you were going out, Mum,” she said.
“The police woman thinks I ought to stay,” Mrs Hamilton said, sitting down and gesturing Louise to do the same. “See what comes of mixing with that sort of girl, Sasha.”
“What objections did you have to Gabriella Stevens, Mrs Hamilton?” Louise asked.
“Mum’s a snob,” Sasha replied.
“No I’m not,” her mother answered, “but I do object to spending a fortune for your education just to have you coming home speaking as if you were brought up on a council estate.”
“That’s being a snob,” said Sasha. 
Louise didn’t voice her agreement. “Was there anything else that you didn’t like about Gabriella,” she asked.
“Oh, I hardly knew the girl.” Mrs Hamilton replied, casting her eyes skywards. “I suppose she was alright really, but there are so many other girls Sasha could have made friends with. Girls who come from families who could have introduced her to the right people and given her a start in life.”
“Oh,” said Louise.
“Mum is a snob, isn’t she?” Sasha said, grinning at Louise.
“Well, about Gabriella then,” Louise said, “are you aware that she’s been reported missing Sasha?”
“Yes. I couldn’t get hold of her all weekend. Her phone’s been off or something, so I called her land line and her mum told me.”
“I didn’t know, my daughter doesn’t tell me anything.” Mrs Hamilton looked a little embarrassed. “I thought she was in some sort of trouble.”
“No,” Louise replied. “She isn’t in trouble of that kind. She could be in terrible danger though. Her mother is in a dreadful state.”
“Well she would be, with that other girl murdered...” Mrs Hamilton was showing more interest now.
“Do you think Gabby has been murdered too?” Sasha asked.   
 “We are all hoping she’s just stayed out too late, got scared about getting into trouble, and decided to keep a low profile for a while. That’s the most usual reason for girls of this age to go absent,” Louise said. “But of course it is very important that we find her as quickly as possible. That’s why I need your help, Sasha. Did Gabriella say anything about meeting anyone? Was there a boyfriend or someone special?”  
“No, Gabby didn’t have a boyfriend,” Sasha said. “If she was, like, meeting a boy after orchestra, she would have told me.”
“Did she mention anything that she was worried about, Sasha?” asked Louise.
“Yes,” said Sasha, a little shamefaced. “She was all stressed out about money. She wanted to go on the trip to America with the orchestra, but she didn’t want to tell her mum because they haven’t got much money, and she didn’t want to upset her.”
“Right. Did she talk about what she might do?”
“She said shop work, or a maybe at a hairdressers. They take on extra people over the holidays.”
“Do you think she might have been asking around over the weekend?”
“Dunno,” Sasha said. “On Friday, when we talked about it, I kind of put her off.”
“How do you mean?”
“I told her they don’t pay enough. She’d never get enough dosh that way.”
“So did you have any other suggestions for her?”  
“I told to get a job doing modelling. I said I’d got one, but I haven’t.”
“For heaven’s sake, Sasha,” said her mother. “What made you say that to her?”
“All the girls have got jobs, Mum. I didn’t want to be the only one getting handouts like a kid.”
“But you always have enough money. You don’t need a job, and it would get in the way of your school-work!”
“Where did you tell her you worked, Sasha?” Louise cut in.
Sasha blushed and looked even more uncomfortable. 
“A place in Brighton. I told her I did modelling. Like photo shoots. I’d heard some girls talking about it on the bus. It sounded dead cool, and they get shed-loads of dosh. She was like, wow, I could do that. She got really excited. But then I tried to put her off, or she’d find out I’d never done it. So then I told her she wouldn’t like it, and she didn’t look old enough, and they wouldn’t have her anyway.”
“Had you ever been to that kind of place?” asked Louise.
“No. I feel dead bad. If she went there and something happened to her, it’ll all be my fault. I told her I earned lots of money easily, and that I was paying for the school trip myself because my parents had refused to shell out.”
“Sasha, how could you?” Mrs Hamilton said. “What will people think?”
“What the hell do I care what people think?” Sasha shouted at her mother. “Is that all you think about when Gabby might be...”
“Calm down, Sasha,” Louise interrupted. “Concentrate on helping me look for her. Do you think you had put her off, or did you think she was going to go there?” Louise asked.
“She said they could keep their poxy job, and she wasn’t bothered. Then we, like, started talking about other stuff,” Sasha said sulkily.    
“I will be checking the agencies out, Sasha,” said Louise. “Don’t worry, I’m sure she’ll be okay. Can you think of anywhere else she might have gone, or of any boys she might have met? Did she ever mention anyone in orchestra, for instance?”
“No. Not boys. She did mention working in a hairdresser’s, but they hardly pay you anything at all.”
“Can you give me the names of the girls who have done any modelling work?” Louise asked.
 Sasha looked uncomfortable.
 “I don’t know...”  
“Well, ask around. If you could give me a list of anyone who’s even talked about it, that would be a help. Can you do that for tomorrow, and I’ll pop round and pick it up, okay?”
Louise sat in the car for a few minutes after leaving the Hamilton’s, thinking about it all. The picture building up in her mind was depressing. The worst-case scenario was of a young girl, less worldly than her friends, struggling to keep up with them financially and ending up in a situation she didn’t understand and couldn’t handle.
Right then. She needed a new plan. She would stay in the office for the rest of the day after all. Radley would be delighted. She needed to get the contact details of every modelling agency in the area and check them out, possibly with a personal visit to each of them in the next few days. 
She could also finish her search for old cases which matched Christian’s original murder. There had to be a connection. He must hold the key, and without the nurse’s help, it would be up to her to drag it out of him.





Chapter Seventeen						


Faye rang Alan, half expecting him to hang up on her. She decided her best tactic was to race through an apology and explanation as soon as he answered.
“I’m so sorry about the newspapers, Alan. Something I said in the prison was distorted and passed on. I wouldn’t have caused you any embarrassment for the world,” she blurted out in one breath.  
“Hello? Is that Faye?” He sounded harassed. “What are you talking about? I haven’t read any papers. He’s bound to be plastered all over them. I haven’t had the television on either.”
“I’m sorry, but there’s an awful lot of stuff written about Christian. Details of where he lives, his school and his background. I am quoted as having said stuff I honestly didn’t say. I think it came from a conversation I had with the prison nurse, and she has spoken to journalists and badly misquoted me.”
There was a pause and then a resigned sigh.
“It was all bound to come out eventually. You can’t keep anything quiet for long. How was Christian? I am glad you managed to see him. Thanks for doing that.”
“Christian is coping,” she said, “which is the best we can hope for right now. He seemed resigned most of the time, and a bit shocked as well.”
“Okay. I’ve noticed a few journalists hanging round this house, taking pictures and waiting for people to come and go. I don’t know how they know I’m here, but I knew they were making a good story of it. And who can blame them really. I can’t give any thought to them at all, Faye. Worrying about Chris takes up all my energy. He’s cut off from all the people who care about him in that hostile environment. I’m sure the other prisoners will know what he’s in for by now... Christian is all I’ve got. How could I live with losing him?”
“The nurse said he’s on special observations.” Faye said. “I think they have come under fire for their suicide rate recently, so at least we can be sure that the last thing they want is to risk any harm coming to a high profile prisoner in their charge.” 
She tried to make this sound hopeful and positive, but in truth she shared Alan’s fears for Christian’s safety. Suicide watch, from what she had seen, consisted of having a quick look at the patient every fifteen minutes, leaving plenty of time between checks for something to happen.
“I’ve spoken with my solicitor,” Alan continued.  “He’s put me in touch with one of the best London barristers. Someone who specialises in criminal cases and rarely loses, whatever the evidence he’s up against.” 
“That’s good,” said Faye. 
“But it’s all going to take such a long time, Faye. What about a move to a special hospital?”
“It’s on the cards. The prison nurse is pushing for it.” 
“The barrister will probably want to talk to you at some point.”
“That’ll be fine.” 
“Thanks, Faye.” Alan said. “I’m going to that place today, if they’ll let me. I want to visit as often as possible, if only to check he’s still breathing. I worry constantly that he won’t survive this. Will you be able to go in again soon?”
“Yes. I hope so.” Faye said. “Not today though; I’ve got a meeting to attend at work, but I will as soon as I can.”
It was very hard not to tell him about her chat with Louise, to choose not to share something that may have eased given him some hope. She wondered why he still trusted her, why he still had such faith in her abilities and wanted to keep her involved. The only answer to that came to mind was that there weren’t many other people on his side. 
Faye made a further effort to shake off her gloom and rallied her resources to get the next potentially difficult phone call out of the way. She dialled Louise’s number.
“The person you called has cleared,” said the message on her first attempt, but Faye was persistent and eventually Louise answered.
“Hello, Faye,” Louise said in a voice you could have scrapped ice off. “Look, I don’t know if I want to take this thing any further now. I think I made a mistake talking so freely to you. I didn’t know at the time that you would be giving interviews to the press. I can’t risk my career by having the things I say to you all over the papers next day.”
“Louise,” said Faye, “I can assure you, I did not give any interviews to the press or anyone else. I was stupid and naïve though. I trusted the nurse in the prison hospital with some details about Christian because I thought it might help him. I had no idea it would go any further. I hope you believe I would never share anything you said with anyone else.”
Faye heard Louise exhale. Perhaps she was going to mellow a little. When she spoke again, she did seem slightly more conciliatory, but not enough to give Faye any indication that she might trust her again in the future.
“Look I’ll think about it,” she said “There might not be much I can do anyway. The press certainly made it seem as if they got the information straight from the horse’s mouth so to speak. Are you sure you only spoke to the nurse?”
“Yes, of course I am. I don’t know how they dare distort things the way they have, and I’m in terrible trouble about it at work.”
“My colleagues aren’t happy either,” Louise said. “This sort of story can blow a case right out of the water when it comes to court.”
“Yes I know, and I really feel awful about it. You can’t think I wanted this kind of publicity can you? Drawing the world’s attention to the fact that one of my patients has been accused of murder is not something I would have done deliberately. If I could turn the clock back, I can assure you I would.”
“Well, I’ll have to think about where we go from here. I’m sorry it turned out like this. Goodbye, Faye, I’ll ring in a day or two if there’s anything to say, all right?”

						
Louise returned to her office, mulling over the facts she’d got so far. She got on the computer and made a list of modelling agencies in Lewes, Brighton and Seaford that Gabriella Stevens, and possibly Anna Cox before her, might have approached.
A dozen names came up, and each one of them would have to be visited. This was going to take time. She started to regret being hasty with the nurse. Radley wasn’t going to assign anyone else to this case, that was for sure, and Faye Lovall might have been able to help. 
Before closing her computer down, Louise put in a search for Penelope Knightly. There was an archived record of her being on the electoral register in Seaford fifteen years ago, but after that there was nothing. Louise found her previous name by going to the registrar’s site, and she gradually built up a picture of a person who had changed location frequently, and had married several times before becoming Mrs Knightly. She had also changed her name by deed poll once. 
Interestingly, looking at the three previous marriage certificates, all her ex-husbands had died. There was no record of her at all after her marriage to Alan, except for the divorce he had filed on the grounds of desertion.  
Unsettled and depressed, Louise drifted out towards the front office, where Bob Hanson was dealing with an elderly customer depositing some lost property. She sat and watched him in silence for a few minutes. The old man shuffled out. 
“You okay?” Bob asked, noticing her there as he registered the property and popped it in the safe.
“Yes, fine. Just a bit fed up with all this murder stuff, I suppose.”
“I couldn’t do it myself,” he said, tidying some envelopes into pigeon holes. “It’s supposed to be the more exiting, glamorous side of police work, but it would never do for me. I found my brief stint in C.I.D quite troubling really.”
“I didn’t know you were C.I.D. When was that?”
“Oh, a very long time ago now. I only did six months before I asked to go back on the beat. Like I said, it wasn’t for me.”
“I’m beginning to wonder if it’s for me,” Louise said. “Today I just feel like walking out on the whole lot of it, uniformed and C.I.D.”
Bob left his envelopes and came to sit next to her.
“You are on a bit of a downer today, aren’t you, Lulu. Come on; tell your Uncle Bob all about it.”
“Have we got it right with Christian Knightly, Bob? I’m finding it hard to get my head around it all. And there’s another girl missing. I think there must be a connection.”
“Do you, Louise? I wouldn’t think so. I had three reports of missing kids yesterday afternoon, and they all turned up. One mum got the call before I’d even taken the details.” 
“But did Christian strike you as a person who could be violent when he came through here the first time?”
“Well, to be honest, no he didn’t. But none of them ever do. It would help us no end if there was a certain type who killed. It would be even better if they all went round with some sort of label saying; ‘I’m a murderer’. They can be as normal, respectable and ordinary as the next person, and very often nobody would have believed them capable of what they’ve done. It’s very difficult to be able to accept that any person could be capable of some of the things that happen to other people. But they happen, and someone somewhere is responsible. It is a lot to get your head around. I never managed it.”
“Have you known a person to confess to something that they hadn’t done, before Christian did?” she asked.
“Yes, of course. It’s not all that rare.” 
“So you know the type?”
“Yes, the loner, the nervous over sensitive person who lives inside his own imagination too much, who has no friends or life. What are you getting at Louise?”
“Does Christian fit into that category?” she asked, ignoring his question.
“No, not quite. But partly, I suppose, in some ways. It might not have been surprising if he had turned out to fit the bill better a few years down the line. When he’s older.”
“Is it common for someone who has made the sort of confession that Christian Knightly did to commit something similar themselves? A copycat kind of thing?”
“Of course. The original Jack the ripper has sparked a few copycats, and a number of violent films have too.”
“But surely they don’t confess straight after.”
“I haven’t actually ever come across that personally, but it is a possibility, especially if they don’t fall into the usual category of false confessors. That would seem to be what has happened in this case, doesn’t it?”
“That’s what everyone is assuming, but I don’t know. I can’t help having doubts about it all, and I’m worried we’re missing something...” 
“Yes, it leaves a nasty taste, doesn’t it, a murder inquiry. Emotions run high, and how sure can any of us be? I could never get used to it,” Bob replied. “Maybe you just have to trust their methods and go along with it, while you’re right in the beginning of your career, as you are. That’s what I couldn’t do, and it hasn’t done my career any good at all.”
He shifted from foot to foot uneasily, his eyes not meeting hers. “What are you talking about, Bob,” she asked. 
“I was thinking of something a long time back. A body was found, not a hundred miles away from where they found poor Anna Cox, as it happens. It had been there for about eighteen months they reckoned, before it was found.”
“No! I’ve checked all the old unsolved cases around here, and nothing came up.” 
 “It wasn’t unsolved,” Bob replied, his eyes drifted downwards, towards the door jamb. “Your father was involved in the investigation, and they got their man, even though you would have expected any leads to have gone stone cold. A young soldier was convicted...” 
“A success? You don’t sound thrilled about it Bob, Why?”   
“Now I had a lot of time for your father, and as you know, we were good friends all the way through until he died. I wouldn’t want you to take this as any criticism of him, but I didn’t like some of their methods, and I don’t think the young soldier got a fair crack of the whip either.”
“In what way?” she asked.
“It seemed to me as if they had made their minds up as to what happened, and then set out to prove it,” Bob replied. “No one listened to the lad’s explanation, at all. Or if they did, it was only as far as to make sure they could disprove it, and not to investigate it. That did it for me and C.I.D. really. I went back on the beat and lived happily ever after. So there you go; the only similar murder I remember in Seaford was an old case of your dad’s.”
“Was Dad a big part of the investigation?”
“No, he was very junior, like I was.”
“Oh,” said Louise. “Did he do something wrong?”
“No, of course not. He was my best friend until he died. He didn’t do anything wrong at all.”
“Okay, well I’m going to check out that case. Fifteen years ago...that means he could be out now...”
                                                  

Faye Lovall had been called in to a disciplinary meeting. It was scheduled for two o’clock, and according to Graham, it was likely to take all afternoon. 
Myles had been as good as his word, returning home in plenty of time to take her to the meeting. Graham had told her that as well as Faye and him, there would be four other people present; John Clifford-Spears, the trust chairman who would be leading the proceedings. With him would be the medical director, Paul Watson. The senior clinical nurse manager, Stephanie Wyatt, and the hospital administrator, Anthony Pont, were also attending. 
They had already spoken to Graham at some length. He told her that they were intending to talk to the psychiatrist involved with Christian, Doctor Spence, even if it was only over the phone. They also wanted to talk to Alan Knightly before seeing Faye, and he would be given the opportunity to see them in person if he wanted to.   
If they had intended to intimidate Faye, they couldn’t have done a better job. They had certainly already managed to rattle Graham. Faye could hear the tension in his voice.
“If you can turn up at one thirty, that would be great,” he said. “And don’t worry; they are all very reasonable people. They just want to get the full picture of something that they are bound to be asked to comment on in the next few weeks. They are not looking to point the finger of blame. Not yet, at least.”
“No, I’m sure they aren’t,” Faye had replied dryly. “Do I need union representation, do you think?” 
“No, I wouldn’t have thought so, but if you feel at all uncomfortable when we are in there, say you want to terminate the meeting and seek representation. It’s certainly your right to do so. And I’ll back you up one hundred percent. If I think they are overstepping the mark, we will leave, okay?”
“Yes. Thanks, Graham, you’re a star.” 
Had this really been her manager speaking? The one they all thought was a bit weak and wishy-washy, and who would usually avoid arguments at all costs.
They had to go to the trust headquarters at the other side of town; not a long trip, but a little further than the hospital where Faye was based. Myles was planning to wait in the car while she went in. They had arranged for Faye’s mother to pick up the children and had told her that they would call when they had finished.  Faye smiled as she recollected that conversation.
 “My mother didn’t know a thing about it. She must be the only person in Seaford who hasn’t heard about Christian Knightly and Anna Cox, let alone my involvement in it,” she told Myles. “I hope she’s not besieged with questions when she gets to the school.”
“I don’t think you need to worry; your Mum’s tough as old boots, and she’d defend you until death,” he replied. “You’ll have to talk to her about it sometime though.”
“Yes, but not till after this meeting. Then I’ll know more about what they think of it all and if I’ve still got a job.”
“I’m sure you’ll be all right. You have done absolutely nothing wrong.”
“No, but it isn’t actually necessary for me to have done anything wrong, is it? I was the care co-ordinator; if they are looking for a scapegoat to appease the public, then it will be me.”
“That’s a bit cynical, surely.”
“Cynical, but true, Myles. The public sector is no different from any other kind of industry. Everyone’s out for themselves these days, and protecting one’s back seems to be the order of the day.”
“You are not on your own, Faye. Don’t go in there feeling that you’re already defeated. Think about the people who believe in you and show anyone who doesn’t what you’re really made of.”
Faye smiled.
“You’re right,” she said. “I’m probably just being over dramatic anyway. Most people who count have been great today. I don’t suppose I’ll ever hear from that police woman again though, and she was Christian’s only hope.”
She kissed him goodbye, with more affection than she had felt towards him for a long time, grateful he was there and that he would be waiting for her when she came out.
Graham was already in the waiting area, pacing thoughtfully, when Faye was shown in. 
They only had time to exchange a few words of polite greeting before they were ushered into the meeting room. The chairman, John Clifford-Spears, stood up and shook hands with both of them. He made a brief introduction to the other three board members and his secretary, who was to take notes, and invited them to sit down. Faye and Graham were seated next to each other at one side of the table with the other four sitting opposite them.  
“Thank you for coming here today, Mrs Lovall,” John said amicably. “As I’m sure Graham has told you, this is purely a fact-finding meeting. We will, of course, be required to respond to the distressing incident that has recently taken place, and we would like to have all the facts at our fingertips, so to speak, beforehand.     
“The main issues on our minds are whether this incident could have been avoided, whether there were any failings in Christian’s care, and whether the aftermath, in terms of the information now in the public domain, could have been handled better.
“This is not a disciplinary meeting as yet, but if breaches of standards of care or client confidentiality come to light, then we may go down that path in the future, and information given here could be used or taken into account. Is that acceptable to you, Mrs Lovall? If you feel you need representation other than your manager Graham here at any time, please do say so.”
“Yes, that’s fine.” Faye answered.
“Thank you. I’ll now hand over to Stephanie Wyatt, our nursing representative, who would like to clarify a few points concerning your involvement with Christian Knightley.”
The secretary was scribbling wildly. 
Stephanie Wyatt looked up from the pile of paper in front of her. 
“Christian Knightley was admitted to Cawthorne Ward after going to the police station and claiming to have committed a murder. You were the admitting nurse, weren’t you?” 
“Yes,” Faye agreed.
“You were working a night for an agency after your usual shift?”
“Yes.”
“Do you do much agency work?”
“No, not now our financial circumstances have improved. My husband’s got a job, and I don’t need to anymore.”
“Good. How long ago did you stop doing these extra shifts?”
“Ages now; three months or so, I suppose. I don’t see that this is relevant at all.” Faye replied. She felt Graham fidget next to her.
Stephanie smiled.
“I’m just checking the facts, don’t worry,” she said. “It may be something we are asked about, that’s all. Christian was an inpatient for five days, and then he was referred to the community team. You had a caseload of forty patients. Why did you decide to pick Christian up?”
“Because someone had to, and I already knew him.”
“Did you remember him with affection from the ward?”
“I only saw him there for one night. I was curious about how he’d got on, I suppose.”
“And I understand you were unhappy about the way Christian was being treated by Dr Spence, the psychiatrist in your team?”
“Yes, I suppose I was...”
“Was it your suggestion that Christian should see a private consultant and not Dr. Spence?”
“Yes.”
“Could you tell us the reason that you did that? It seems a fairly unusual step doesn’t it?”
“Christian had a quite severe reaction to his medication. The traditional neuroleptics didn’t suit him. I wanted him to be changed onto one of the newer ones, but Dr. Spence didn’t feel able to do this because of the cost to the health service.”
“I see. Did you discuss this fully with Dr. Spence? Did Dr. Spence agree with the decision to refer Christian to Dr. Bedford?”
“I discussed medication with Dr. Spence. I didn’t discuss the fact that the Knightly’s might wish to change consultants.”
“May I ask why not?”
“I didn’t think I needed to. It was Alan Knightly who actually made the arrangements. I suggested it as a possible option, in order to get the change of medication that I thought might help Christian. Alan made the final decision.”
“Do you get on well with Dr Spence?”
“I think we have a reasonable working relationship. I don’t agree with him on everything, and he’s not as friendly as some of the doctors, but I think we work together all right.”
“Would it surprise you to find that Dr. Spence finds you difficult to work with?”
“Yes and no. We have disagreed recently on some procedural matters, but I thought we could still discuss clients fairly openly in the meetings.” 
She felt herself flushing with a mixture of anger and embarrassment. What on earth has he been saying to people, she wondered?
“Did you like the Knightlys?”
“Yes I did.”
“Especially the father, Alan Knightly?”
“I hope you aren’t implying that there was anything unprofessional going on in my relationship with him.” Faye replied, bristling.
“So do I,” added Graham, standing up. “Because if you are, I think we need to terminate here and make sure that Faye is properly represented.”
“No, we are not accusing Faye of anything improper.” John Clifford-Spears said calmly, waving Graham back to his chair. “We are trying to establish why Christian was only being seen by Faye, and not by the whole team. Dr. Spence didn’t mention the dispute about medication to us, and we may need to come back to him about that later. He put a different inference on the change of consultant, one not shared by Mr Knightly or Dr. Bedford I might add, but one we have to ask about.”
“Faye,” Stephanie said, “Dr. Spence implied that your reason for changing consultants was because you were overly involved with the Knightly family, and you wanted to hide that fact from the team.”
“That is simply not true. I did like Christian and Alan, just as I do most of my clients, but purely in a professional way. I was being especially careful not to let it drift into anything else as I recognised that Alan was lonely and vulnerable. In fact, before all this blew up, I was thinking of passing Christian onto a colleague because I thought that Alan might be getting too attached to me. I would never have allowed myself to get into a position where it was a problem.”
“Right. Did you mention this to anyone before today?”
“I was just discussing it with Theresa Robins when the call about Christian being arrested came through.”
“It’s not recorded in your notes.” Stephanie said, thumbing through to the end.
“No, Alan called in a distressed state. I went to see him, and I’ve hardly been in the office since then.”
“So when Alan called, you went straight out to see him, regardless of your previous misgivings, and even though it meant cancelling other patients you had appointments with?”
“That’s right. I was totally shocked by what Alan said, and I wanted to find out what happened, and to try to help him. He was very emotional, and I didn’t think I could say no and send a colleague who he didn’t know at all. Not at that point.”
“Right.” There was a pause while Stephanie looked down at her notes again.
“Are you okay?” Graham whispered to Faye. She nodded, but actually felt far from happy about the way it was going so far.
“So you went to see Alan, and then after seeing Graham in the office, you took yourself off to see Christian Knightly in prison.”
“Yes. I promised Alan I would do that. It seemed important to him.”
“What did you hope to achieve by seeing Christian?”
“I just wanted to check he was all right and to give him some kind of reassurance or hope, I suppose. I didn’t want him to feel abandoned. I also thought it might help if the nurses in the hospital wing knew a bit about him. And I wanted to try and get some continuity of care going, so that when Christian is released, I, or one of my colleagues, can carry on where we left off. ”
Stephanie Wyatt raised her eyebrows, but moved on. 
“As you know, there are several quotes attributed to you in the papers today. When did you speak to the press? Are you aware of your responsibilities concerning patient confidentiality?” 
“Yes I am. I didn’t speak to the press. The only person I gave that kind of information to was the nurse on duty in the hospital wing. As the care coordinator, I thought it was part of my role to hand over relevant information to anyone else taking responsibility for Christian’s care. That is what I did. I didn’t speak to anyone connected to the newspapers at all.” 
God, I hope they don’t ask about the police, Faye thought. Louise will definitely never talk to me again if I land her in it again.
“That’s all from me, at least for now.” Stephanie said, looking across at John Clifford Spears.
“Does anyone else have any questions?” he asked.
“Yes,” said Paul Watson. “Could we go back to the question of Christian’s medication? As you know I am from a medical background, though it’s true to say I haven’t practiced as a doctor for over five years. When I asked for a district nurse to follow up a patient, I wouldn’t have expected that person to come back to me querying the patient’s medication. Surely that’s a medical issue, and not something nurses should be concerning herself with?”
Faye began to open her mouth to answer this question but quickly shut it again when Stephanie Wyatt spoke up instead.
“I think, Dr. Watson,” she said, “that you may be a little out of touch there. Nurses have always tried to act as advocates for their patients, and if a particular medication is causing a patient undue distress, then I don’t think she’s overstepping the mark in pointing the patient towards a suitable alternative.”
“Indeed,” said John Clifford-Spears. “We are all of us bound by a duty, at the very least, to do our patients no harm. If that’s what Faye was trying to prevent, I don’t think we can criticise her on those grounds.”
They looked at Faye for comment.
“In psychiatry, compliance with medication is often key to recovery,” she said. “I don’t think you can reasonably expect a person to continue taking their medication if you don’t do everything possible to keep to a minimum any adverse side effects. That’s all I was trying to do.”
“And the other point you made,” said Anthony Pont, joining the discussion. “Do you really think you are just handing Christian’s care over temporarily? Surely you know that with a crime of this seriousness, he will probably go away for the rest of his life.”
“I’m working on the assumption that he is innocent until proved guilty. Isn’t that what the law suggests we should do?”
“Yes, but you’ve got to be realistic. He did confess.”
“Well maybe we should reserve judgement on that,” said Dr Watson. “Dr Spence is convinced that he is guilty. He takes the view that the severity of his Christian Knightly’s illness was missed by everyone but himself, and that he should not have been removed from his care.”
“There are two schools of thought on that,” Stephanie Wyatt said. “I think I’m more inclined to agree with Faye on the compliance issue.”
For the next hour they went back and forth through Christian’s medical and nursing notes, pulling out bits for further discussion and comparing Faye’s visits with doctors’ consultation notes.  
By the end of it all, she was starting to feel a bit shredded.
“I think that’s all we need do now,’ John Clifford-Spears said, bringing the proceedings to a close. ‘We can always get together again at a later date, if there’s anything else. Could you wait outside for a few minutes. Mrs. Lovall, while we have a private discussion?” 
Both Faye and Graham got up to leave, but John Clifford-Spears motioned to Graham to remain.
“It would be helpful if you were here to help us with any further queries on community nursing practices,” he said.
So Faye went out to stew in the corridor alone.
Graham joined her after another half hour of waiting, time in which her confidence in her position had managed to ebb away completely. Thankfully he looked relaxed and cheerful. 
“Don’t worry,” he said. “I think that went well enough. They are happy that nothing improper took place, and that Christian was properly looked after. I think it was Dr. Spence who had tried to show you in a bad light, but Alan Knightly, Dr Bedford and Christian’s G.P. all think highly of you, so he didn’t manage to do any real harm, thank goodness. They will want to speak to you again though, I think. A lot depends on whether there is any criticism of the hospital at the coroner’s inquest into Anna Cox’s death, or whether a public enquiry is called for.”
Faye remained silent as these words sunk in, and she realised her problems were only just starting. 
“Don’t worry, Faye,” Graham added, patting her shoulder comfortingly. “That’s it for the time being. They can issue a statement that they have looked into the circumstances, and there appears to be no blame on any of their staff, without having to worry too much about being made to eat their words later.”
“So far so good then.”
“Yes, but, so that you keep a low profile for now, you are suspended on full pay for the rest of the week. It means you can take some time off while there are still reporters hanging round the hospital. And don’t go into the prison again, will you. It would just make you look as if your judgement can’t be trusted and you are over involved with the Knightly family.”
“Okay,” Faye replied. “Should I tell Alan that I can’t see Christian again? Is that all right?”
“Yes, phone him by all means. There is no need to visit, is there?”
“No. I suppose not,” she replied. “But he’s going to be disappointed that I can’t give him and Christian some support through all this. I had promised I would, and I really can’t see what harm it would do.”
Graham thought for moment, before replying. “Look, what you do in your own time is entirely up to you. I don’t know if it’s fair to deprive a very sick young man and his family of what appears to be their only source of support, and I don’t imagine I could stop you anyway.  I’ll leave it up to your discretion, but keep me informed. Especially if you do feel you need to go to the prison again for any reason.”
Faye resisted the impulse to kiss him. “Thanks, Graham, you’re a gem,” she said. She quickly took her leave before he could change his mind again. 


Myles was waiting patiently in the car, doing a crossword puzzle in the newspaper, when Faye came out. 
“God, I’m glad that’s over,” she said, getting in next to him. “Drive. Go anywhere; just get me away from here.”    
“Went well then?” he asked, putting the car into gear. “You look much better than when you went in.”
“I’m certainly relieved that it’s all over. They asked some awful questions. I felt as if they were really out to get me. It was horrible.”
“So what did they say?”
“I’ve been suspended pending further investigation. I need to get union representation next time.”
“Suspended?”
“Yes, but I’m on full pay, and it’s only a week. It’s not that bad. They seemed to accept that I hadn’t spoken to the press myself, but I still have to justify sharing confidential information. I thought she was a fellow professional, damn it.”
“Seems trivial to me...”
“A patient killed someone, or so they all think. It’s a very big deal.”
“But you didn’t kill anyone.”
“They need to make someone responsible, and they had a real go at me. At first for not doing enough for Christian, and when that didn’t stick, they accused me of doing too much and overstepping professional boundaries, et cetera.”
“Is that what they thought you’d done?” 
 Faye felt, rather than heard, the suspicion in his voice.
“Yes, that was one of the things they accused me of. But any suspicion on that score came from the psychiatrist, Doctor Spence. He’s never been a fan of mine. There was never any cause for suspicion, I can assure you.”
“I’m sure there wasn’t,” Myles said hastily.
“And if there had been any, say, attraction, between me and Alan Knightly,” Faye said. “You’re as much to blame as me. Our marriage hasn’t been anything to write home about lately, has it?”
“What do you mean, Faye?”
“The drinking. It started when you were unemployed, I know, but it makes you so irritable, and it has to stop.” 
 “Okay. Let’s try and get it all this out of our heads now. How about seeing if your mum will babysit? You know she’s always offering. We could go out for a nice meal for a change?”
This was an extremely tempting offer. It didn’t take Faye very long to make her mind up.
“Yes, actually that would be nice. It’s my turn now. I need you to stay sober because I want to get drunk, just like my father used to do. Totally and utterly wasted.”
“I’m sure that can be arranged.” Myles said, smiling broadly.
	 

The office was empty by the time Louise shut down her computer.
She had contacted the modelling agencies and sorted out tomorrow’s visits, and then she had set about trying to get more details on the twenty-year-old murder that Bob Hanson had mentioned. There was very little there. Computerised recording didn’t go back that far, so the only entries were ones that had been added afterwards.
She got a name, Neil Osborne, and assumed the next step would be easy. He must still be being followed up by the probation service, but nothing came up. She checked death records and the electoral role, but drew a blank there as well.
She would need to spend more time on it, but with so much else to follow up, time wasn’t easy to find. Perhaps she could ask Bob if he remembered any more about it in the morning.              
Louise wrote another report for Radley. She recorded the fact that the fifteen year-old, scholarship-winning musician, had now been missing for eighty hours. She detailed the concerns of her teachers, and stressed their belief that this was totally out of character. 
She emphasised her conversation with Sasha Hamilton along with her growing belief that both Gabriella and the late Anna Cox had good reasons for wanting to earn money quickly, and that they were both probably looking jobs for before they disappeared. Jobs that could have led one of them to her death, and the other one into great danger. 
There was a link between these two cases. She was sure of it.
Louise left the report on Radley’s desk and went home. 
She let herself into her flat, clicked the television into life and spread herself out on her sofa expectantly, as she did every evening when she got home. Nothing happened.
“Hey, Mimi, Fifi, where are you? Come and cheer me up. That’s why I feed you, isn’t it?”
Still no sign of them.
She stood up again and went into the kitchen. The window over the sink was shattered. Glass was strewn far and wide. It was in the cats’ litter trays, in their food bowls, and over all the surfaces.
“Oh, my God! My poor babies,” she said, navigating her way through broken glass. She reached down to pick up two small blood smeared bundles of fur, cowering in the small gap between the fridge and the wall. She pulled them gently out, and then, holding them both in her arms, looked around to assess the damage.
In the middle of the kitchen floor was a brick with a sheet of paper wrapped round it.
“Okay. It’s alright, darlings. I’m home now, and we’ll make you better,” she said, murmuring soothing nonsense as she backed out to the hall cupboard. She secured them safely in their baskets and then went back to pick up the brick.
The note had ‘BITCH’ scrawled across the page in red felt tip. She turned it over. There was nothing else.
My God. The vicious bastards. How could anyone? Who would...? And how did they even know where she lived?
Best not think about it now; there were other priorities.
Louise shoved the note into her pocket and phoned the vet. She got the answer machine, which gave her an emergency contact number. She scribbled it down and phoned him. He agreed to open up his surgery for her in half an hour.
Next she contacted the caretaker. He was also off duty, but he came straight up when she told him what had happened.
“I’m so sorry, Louise,” he said looking around the kitchen. “I didn’t see anything. There’s been no-one strange hanging about today, as far as I know. Do you think it’s to do with your job?”
“Probably. I don’t know yet,” she said. “Do you know anyone who can come and fix it? Preferably tonight. I don’t think I’ll feel safe…”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ll board it up while you’re out, and we can get it glazed in the morning. You get off and get those cats seen to. I’ll clear this mess up.





Chapter Eighteen			


The swelling had started to go down, but his face in the mirror looked uneven, and there were dark bruises under both his eyes. He tried a pair of sunglasses on. They hid the bruising, but sat uncomfortably on the tender bridge of his nose.
He would have to wear them tonight when he visited the girl. There was no choice.  
Anger bubbled up inside him again. He had friends in this town, if you could call them friends. Some of them he had stuff on, and others he paid. 
He’d developed a useful network in a very short time. Some were favours from the past, and others he’d gathered from keeping an eye on who was accessing his sites. Nothing was ever totally secret on the internet, as several men of influence in Seaford were now finding out.
But now, somebody had got the idea that it was acceptable to let him down. It wasn’t. He was going to have to demonstrate that more clearly, as an example of what could be expected if he were let down again, and as a warning to others.
Highcroft should have been dealt with by now. What the hell was she doing still on her feet, and still causing him trouble?                             
			                          			
Overtired and overwrought from a long evening at the vets, Louise had gone to bed without eating and had spent another night tossing and turning. Her mind was restlessly going over the details, trying to find a connection between Christian, the murder of Anna Cox, the disappearance of Gabriella Stevens, and the other murder that happened fifteen years previously. On the face of it, she only had to find the person convicted in that case to find Anna’s murderer, and hopefully to find Gabriella still alive. But Christian had confessed, and he knew where the body was, more or less at least, and he would only have been three when the other murder was committed.
At some point towards morning, she fell into a restless sleep. She dreamed she was finding Anna again. She turned the body towards her and saw the cold dead face. This time it spoke, using Christian’s phrase ‘this is where dead bodies are hidden.’ Then her own parents were talking to her from their graves, calm and loving; ‘You can discuss things with us Lulu, don’t shut us out.’
She woke up with a start and got straight out of bed. Shaking herself awake, she led her cats to the kitchen where the boarded up window was a depressing reminder of the previous evenings events.  
“I don’t believe you can talk to the dead,” she told her cats. “And I don’t believe that Christian Knightly is getting messages from beyond the grave either. No, there must be a more sensible explanation than that.”
 Louise found herself turning toward Lewes Prison instead of going straight to work.  
This was going to be an exceptionally busy day. She had the agencies to check out and more of Gabriella’s friends to talk to. Any of those might lead her down further avenues that needed investigating. She hoped that Radley might read yesterday’s report and put a few more people on it, but she suspected Gabriella would have to be missing for at least another week before that happened. 
If Christian could offer any help at all, it would be worth listening to. It was a pity she didn’t have the nurse to try and tease stuff out of him, but as she didn’t, she’d have to do it herself.     
After listening to Faye Lovall on the phone, Louise was inclined to believe her when she said she had been duped by the prison nurse. 
Maybe Faye had been naive. Perhaps it hadn’t been deliberate. But should she draw her in again, when it seemed that pursuing any investigations into Christian’s innocence was going to be fraught with danger? She couldn’t put someone else in danger too.
Perhaps it would be best to join the rest of them intent on finding yet more proof of Christian’s guilt. They might be right after all. 
She couldn’t do that though. Everything that made her who she was rebelled against it. It was too easy an option; to solve a murder by locking up the local nutcase. 
What about the rest of what was going on? There was the possible attack on the nurse’s car, and the attack on her and then on her flat. It was only by the grace of God her cats weren’t badly hurt.
As it happened, the vet had patched them up just fine. In their end, their only injuries had been a few cuts, mostly from walking on the glass. A little stitching and stapling had sorted them out, but it could have been so much worse. 
The attack on her after she had spoken to Faye in the cafe might have been an angry response from a member of the public who had overheard them talking. Passions run high when a child has been killed. People chase police vans, throwing things and shouting hate comments at someone they can’t even see, and they feel they are a better citizen for it. Why not attack someone who’s trying to find ways to prove the innocence of the most obvious culprit? 
How could anyone know where she lived? The only people who could link her with the case and who had her address were her employers. Was there someone in the force who hated her that much?    
She arrived at the prison, and the officer on the door radioed the hospital wing.
“Right you are, Sandra,” Louise heard him say, and then he turned to her. “The nurse says Knightly can’t leave sick bay. She’s had to sedate him, and he’s a bit unsteady on his feet, but as you aren’t uniformed, you’re welcome to see him there. I’ll escort you over.”
 Christian was already in the small interview room when Louise was shown in. He looked terrified.
“It’s okay, Christian, I know you aren’t feeling too well. I just wondered if you had anything else you wanted to tell me.”
He looked at her blankly. 
“I thought that now some time has passed, you might remember something that could help us clear all this up. Have you had any clearer memories, Christian?” 
He remained silent.
“You say you don’t remember killing Anna. But you knew where to find the body. How did you know, Christian? What told you to look for it there?”
“Nothing... don’t know. Wanted to help...not this.” 
“What about your step-mother, Penny. What do you remember about her?”
“Always cross. Not nice. Nothing else.”
“Do you know where she went?”
“No. Abroad or something. Dad knows...”
“Did you ever see your dad argue or fight with Penny?”
Christian’s face started to crumple.
“Yes I did. She shouted a lot... I don’t understand. I don’t know why she gets angry,” he paused, catching his breath between sobs. Louise spoke to him calmly and insistently.
“Tell me, did you ever see your dad hurt her? Did he stab her?”
“No. No. I never saw that. The knife is in my hand. I stab, but it’s not Penny. It’s a different face. Different hair. Long blond hair. Not Penny. I’m sure it isn’t Penny.”
“Was your dad there when you stabbed someone?”
“No.”
“Was anyone there?”
“No...” the word came out high pitched and strangled.   
Christian started shaking, sobbing and rocking with a faraway look in his eyes. Louise tried a few more questions, speaking slowly and pausing to give him time to answer. “Tell me about Penny. Did she ever hit your father?”
Christian shook his head. 
“Did she ever hit you?” Louise asked, and after another pause she asked; “Were you both afraid of her?”
She got no response. Christian was completely out of it by now, unable to focus on her, or to concentrate long enough to form an answer. She felt a wave of sympathy for him, and knew why Faye was so anxious to help him if she could.
 “Okay, Christian, I can see how hard it is for you. I’ll leave now and call the nurse.”
Louise went to the office where she interrupted the nurse, who was in deep conversation on the phone.
“I need to leave please,” she said. “Christian wasn’t able to give any further information, I’m afraid, so I just kept it very brief.”
“I can see that,” Sandra responded, getting to her feet. “I’ll let you out.”
As she passed the interview room she stopped. Christian was still sitting, slightly slumped, at the desk.
“Come on then, Knightly. Get back to your cell.” 
Christian rose to his feet, and Louise saw him flinch slightly as he passed the nurse and made his way slowly out of the room. Sandra ignored him and bustled Louise out of the heavy iron door.
Louise, prompted by an inexplicable concern for Christian as the door clanked shut, turned and slid aside the small panel. She peered through the two layers of Perspex at a fuzzy view of the corridor beyond.
Sandra had already disappeared, presumably going back to her phone call.   
 Christian was making his way slowly down the corridor. He staggered a few times and had to use the wall for support.  	
Louise saw four men apparently chatting in a doorway. They finished their conversation with a nod in Christian’s direction and started to follow him. They silently reached into a cupboard next to the showers, and each picked up an implement of some kind.
Christian stopped as the first iron pole struck the back of his head. Some instinct made him turn to face his attackers, and the next blow caught him across the forehead. Blinded by his own blood, he sank to the floor under a rain of blows. 
Louise was screaming and thumping on the door. “Help! Someone help!” God why can’t they hear me? What’s the matter with them?
She saw the office door open, and the assailants moved off. Slowly, without any obvious concern, Sandra got on her radio and called for backup. 
				                   
Faye woke up after her night out with Myles feeling that she needed a lay in more than she ever had done in her life. But she also felt strangely content, and with a feeling of a weight having been taken off her. They’d had fun. It had almost felt like they were dating again.  
She lay in bed, listening to her family bustling about getting ready for school and work. Her slight pangs of guilt at not being up herself were quickly set aside as she realised how happy and cheerful Myles sounded as he took control of the situation and chivvied the children along. 
She fell asleep again, only to be woken eventually by the phone ringing. The clock next to her bed told her it was eleven thirty.
It was Louise. 
“Christian was attacked this morning,” she said. “I thought you’d want to know…”
“God! What happened? Is he badly hurt?”
“Yes, it’s very bad. I’m still at the prison. I had come up here to interview him first thing today. Four blokes set about him with metal bars.”
“What? Where on earth…“ 
“They’d taken some of them off the windows and some were iron table legs.”
“Oh, my God!” said Faye.  
“There was blood. A huge amount of blood. He lost consciousness. The ambulance crew took an hour to resuscitate and stabilise him before he could be moved. There was talk of a bleed into the brain, but it’s only just happened, and nothing is confirmed as yet.”
“Shit.”
“It’s possible he could die. It was a well planned attack, and I’d swear the nurse up here, was in on it.”
“Strangely, I’m not surprised.”
“We’re interviewing everyone on the wing, but I’m sure we’ll get nowhere. They’re all covering for each other, and we can’t charge all thirty eight of them.”
“Wasn’t there evidence, any blood, on the attackers?”
“Initially the whole of my attention was on Christian. I’m covered in blood. No one thought to lock down the prisoners until it was too late. There was blood on a lot of people. Others had had showers. The weapons had been moved several times. Like I said, there was a fair degree of complicity by those who are in charge up here.”
“Jesus! Where’ve they taken him?”
“To the neurological unit at Hurstwood Park. Look I’ll have to go now. Can I ring you later? There’s something else I need to discuss with you.”   
 “Oh. Okay, later then.”
Faye leapt out of bed and went down to the kitchen to get something for her stonker of a headache. After a few minutes of opening and closing the top cupboards, she decided there wasn’t any analgesia in the house. She needed a clear head. She hurried into some clothes and set off to the shops.
As usual, she bought much more than she had intended. She staggered back up the hill with her purchases, stopping occasionally to rearrange the bag handles, which were making grooves in her hands. She had come across a market stall selling lovely, fresh, organic vegetables and meat from a local farm, and she had managed to fill three carrier bags with goodies. On one of these stops, she left the shopping on the ground for a few seconds, stretched her back, and looked around.
She was close to a small parking area; a dead end road, only a hundred yards or so long. It had cars parked at right angles to the road. Noticeable by the colour, and sticking out further than the others was a blue mini bus. Faye left her shopping on the pavement and went to have a closer look.
The passenger side front wing and bumper was damaged. She ran her hand over it. The damage was recent; the dents and scratches hadn’t started to rust yet. The broken headlight had been stuck back with tape. She looked at the bumper, running her hand underneath it. She pulled away a piece of twig with a small brown leaf still attached to it. She put it into her pocket and stepped back. She got out her phone and started to take pictures of the damage and the registration number.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” said a man, coming up fast behind her.  His voice sounded very nasal.
“Oh, hi,” she said. “Is this your car? Have you been in an accident?”
He grabbed her wrist and snatched her phone out of it, hurling it onto the kerb and grinding his heel down on it.  
“What on earth do you think you’re playing at?” Faye said, getting between him and the driver’s door. He grabbed the top of her arm and swung her out of the way with such force that she lost her footing. The van drove off, leaving her sitting on the ground staring after it. It stopped briefly at the junction with the main road, pulling into the main road to a blare of horns. 
Faye started to gather up the pieces of the phone. By the time it occurred to her that she should have got his number written down, it was too late. She rushed back to the high street, but he had already disappeared. She cursed her stupidity, put the remnants of her phone back into her bag, and picked up her shopping. 
It wasn’t the end of the world, she told herself. She had a few old phones hanging about, and the SIM card looked undamaged. She had to get back and sort something out, ready next phone call from Louise.	
    She found an old phone easily enough, put her shopping away, and waited. She spent the next hour and a half not knowing what to do with herself and unable to settle to anything. She would have liked to talk to someone, but Alan would have already been informed and was probably on his way to the hospital. Should she go there? No, she wasn’t family, and they wouldn’t talk to her, and she’d just be in the way.
She couldn’t go out again in case she missed Louise’s next call. There was no one she could talk to, and nothing she could settle down to do while the whole thing was still raging round her head, so she paced.
The phone rang at last. Faye rushed to pick it up. Louise sounded calmer.  
“I’m sorry about being a bit sharp when we spoke yesterday,” she said. “I know as well as anyone how devious the press are, and I know that they can get any information that they want out of the prisons. There’s always going to be someone who’s prepared to do a deal.” 
“Never mind that, Louise. How’s Christian?”
“There’s been no news here, which is good. We’ll be told straight away if this becomes a murder investigation. Can we meet up again?” Louise asked.
“Yes, of course we can,” Faye said. “They can do so much these days, as long as he hangs on…”   
“Look, there was something else. Can I tell you what I found out yesterday?” Louise asked. “I’m leaving the prison in a minute. We’ve just about finished here. I’d like to have a chat before I go back to the police station.”  
“Sure. How about the cafe in the garden centre on the Beddingham Road? You’ll be passing there on the way back, won’t you?”
“Yes, that fine. About twenty minutes, okay?”
“Fine, thanks, Louise. It would be great if we could talk occasionally. I really think you are the only person in the entire legal system who cares whether Christian is really guilty not. Everyone else just wants a conviction.”
“Okay. See you soon then.”
Faye quickly phoned her mother to ask her to do the school pick up, and she set off to the set off for Garden Centre. Arriving early, she bought herself a coffee and sat waiting for Louise and mulling over their last conversation. 
She remembered to phone Myles to ask him which breakers yard he had sent their old car.

		      				
Louise arrived to find Faye already in the cafe, sitting at a table in the corner, well away from any other customers. Quick learner, she thought, and went over to sit down opposite her.
“Thanks for coming,” she said. “Christian is still alive. The last I heard, he was still being operated on. If he’s made it that far, he’ll probably survive, won’t he?”
“Yes, but in what state? There must be a huge risk that he’ll be brain damaged.”
“I know. Look, there’s something else I need to run past you.”
“No worries, go ahead,” Faye replied.  
 “Fifteen years ago the body of a young woman was found up on the downs, close to the path that Christian had us looking along. Apparently that one was right up near the top of the ridge. We didn’t need to go that far up with Christian.”
“But, fifteen years?”
“I know, but she had the long blond hair he talks about, and she had been stabbed several times.”
“Good God, Christian would have been little, but that was about the time Penny Knightly disappeared.” Faye said, putting her hands up to her face. 
“We don’t think it was Penny,” Louise said. “And at the moment, it doesn’t seem to have anything to do with Alan.”
“So who was she?”
“A local girl; Barbara Jenkins. The body had been there for well over a year when it was found, but they still managed to get a conviction.”
“Okay... Who?” 
“An eighteen year old soldier. But do you think Christian could have been involved in some way?”
“He was little more than a baby…”
“I know, but if he had seen something at that young age, could it account for some of his symptoms?”
“Yes, it could. But why wouldn’t he tell someone straight away? I can’t imagine any parent not noticing that their child had been so badly traumatised.”
“Perhaps he was terrified into silence, and people attributed it to some other cause. He had just lost his mum.”
“No, that would have been too long before...”
“Something else then; starting nursery, the new step-mum? 
“I don’t know. Can you be sure Alan wasn’t involved somehow?” 
“The soldier didn’t try to implicate him or anyone else. I don’t know. But the thing is; the murderer got life, but he could well have been released by now. Especially as he was under twenty-one when the murder took place.”
“And now he has started to kill again.”
“And if, as a small boy, Christian witnessed the first murder, and maybe has even caught sight of the murderer again if he’s back in his home town, then that would account for the things he is saying now.”
“Louise,” Faye gasped. “In our last appointment, before everything else happened, Christian told me he had seen someone out in the street who frightened him.” 
“Any details?” Louise asked.
Faye shook her head. “He couldn’t even say why he was afraid, and he didn’t think he knew the person at all. He just got this strong emotional reaction out of nowhere.”
“And it triggered a memory?”
 “Yes. So, where do we go from here then?” Faye asked. “Is the investigation likely to be reopened and this other person interviewed?”
“I don’t know. I’ll have to have something stronger before I can get them to agree to reinvestigate.”
“Like what?” Faye asked. 
“I need to check on the whereabouts of the soldier. He might be totally in the clear this time.  I couldn’t find him yesterday. I’m hoping to go back through the files later today. I want to check it out before telling anyone else, in case it turns out to be completely irrelevant. I’m still trying to get my boss to link Gabriella’s disappearance with Anna Cox’s murder.” She filled Faye in on the information from Sasha. “But I haven’t been able to follow it up yet. I had planned to see several agencies today but got held up at the prison, and now I’ve got to get back to the office to complete my statement on that, and I still haven’t picked up the list of Gabriella’s friends that Sasha said she’d have ready today.”   
“God, you’re busy. But I have heaps of time on my hands. I’m not working at the moment.”
“Oh, you haven’t been sacked, have you?”
“No, suspended. They’re looking into my professional conduct, and I’ll have to watch my step for a bit I suppose.”
“But if Christian did witness something when he was very young, will you still be able to talk to him about it?”
“Certainly I can, assuming he recovers enough. I still feel a responsibility towards Christian and Alan. I think they both need a friend at the moment. I’m not going to abandon them, whatever trouble it gets me into.”
“Good, so you talk to them. And remember another child’s life is at risk.”
“Of course, I’ll go as soon as he’s over the surgery. I hope it’s not too late...”
 “Okay. I’m going to try and get hold of the original post-mortem notes, so we can see if the murder fits with what Christian says. And if they don’t want to help, we’ll have to start thinking that Alan was involved and start looking for Penny.”
“Surely you don’t think it could be her.”
“It could be, if it was misidentified at the time. I don’t know what state the body was in, you know animals and stuff…”
“Oh, don’t!” said Faye, squirming.
“Did you ever ask Christian what colour hair she had, or whether it was long or short?”
“No I didn’t. But he’d have recognised her. He would name her, surely?”
“But there’s a chance…”
“No, Louise, he couldn’t tell us so much and block that out. I don’t think so anyway.”
 “Okay, I suppose you’re right. I tried to get slightly more information about her out of Christian and got nowhere, and now we don’t know if he’ll ever be able to speak to us again.”
“I wonder if we’ll ever get to the bottom of it?”
“We’ve got to, and soon,” said Louise. “Gabriella Steven’s life might well depend on it.”
 I’ve got the address for the place where my old car went, if that’s any use to you,” said Faye, passing over the piece of paper she’d written it on.
“Good,” said Louise looking at it. “At least it’s local, but this lot are not known to be particularly police friendly. I hope I don’t have to get a search warrant to check it out.”
“Look, Louise, shall I try and look into that? After all it was my car. Perhaps the breaker will talk to me.”
Louise’s first instinct was to say no, definitely not, it wouldn’t be professional, and she might be dragging Faye into a dangerous situation, but she hesitated. She had such a lot to do. Running this investigation alone was going to be difficult, and perhaps she did need someone to take on some of the load.  
“You know what, Faye,” she said, handing the note back. “That would be a great help.” 





Chapter Nineteen


Only a few minutes after waving goodbye to Louise, Faye pulled into a compound that had; ‘Sussex Breakers and Spares’ displayed in fading capitals on a peeling sign.
A cheerful middle-aged man in greasy overalls bounced down the steps of the port-a-cabin and did a circuit of her car before she was even out of it.
He was shaking his head sombrely by the time she had shut the driver’s door.
“I can’t give you more than a tenner for that one, miss,” he said. “The bottom’s dropped right out of the scrap market...”
“No, I’m not getting rid of this one, you cheeky sod,” Faye said, with a grin. “This is my new one.”
“My apologies,” he laughed, still sizing it up. “So do you want us to pick up the old one?”
“No,” she said, “I’m sorry to disappoint, but this isn’t new business. I think the old one’s already here.”
“Oh, you don’t want it back do you? We go to work on ’em quite quickly...”
“No, nothing like that,” she said, struggling to approach the subject. “What it is, is that a friend of mine took her to the same garage as we use in Newhaven. She was very upset with the standard of work. She says they left it in a dangerous state.”
He was frowning now. “Did she bring it here, miss?”
“No, but mine went to the same garage, and then the brakes failed and it crashed. I wondered if you could tell me...”
“Oh I don’t know; I don’t want any trouble...”
“No, there won’t be any trouble. I don’t want to sue or tell the police or anything. But the crash really shook me up. I’d feel better if I knew why it happened.”
“So there’d be no police, poking their noses around my business?”
“No, off course not.”
“Or solicitors?”
“No, and no consumer watchdog types either. I just want to know if there was anything wrong with the brakes for my own sake.”
“But definitely no police?”
“Absolutely not. I promise.”
He weighed her up for a moment or two.  “You got the reg?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Right, come up to my office, and I’ll see if it’s still here.”
 Faye followed him up the steps. Two younger men were sitting at a metal table that looked as if the surface might once have been red under all the coffee stains. She hoped they wouldn’t offer her a drink. The walls were covered in dockets held fast in bulldog clips. No other filing system seemed to be present.
Faye told the older guy the registration number. He wrote it down and scanned the pits of paper on the wall. The two younger men, who had been having a lively conversation as she approached, had fallen silent.
She couldn’t help noticing that the cabin, as well as being the office and staff rest room, had a motorbike thing going on. There where pictures on the wall of trophies being awarded to men in racing gear, press cuttings on a similar theme, and ‘Biker Today’ was lying open on the counter.
“Who’s the racer?” Faye asked the pair at the table.
“That’s Charlie, Dave’s son,” one of the younger men said, nodding towards his boss.
“Looks like he does really well,” Faye said. “Is he a professional?”
“God no,” said Dave, pulling a clip of the wall and sorting through the papers. “He works here when he’s not on the circuit, and the yard sponsors him.”
“It’s an expensive sport, isn’t it? My brother-in-law does a bit.”
“Sure is, and very little chance he’ll ever be wealthy from it. Not like Formula One. I always said he should go into cars.”        
“But if you’re a biker you’re a biker, aren’t you. Nothing else will do,” said Faye.
“You’re right there, love,” said Dave. “I was one, in my day, so I should know.”
“What a racer?”
“Oh yes. Very competitive I was too,” he said beaming.
“The boss was county champion,” said one of the chaps at the table.
“Wow, that’s really something. So that’s where he gets it from.” 
“Must be. Right, we have still got your car, and it’s perfectly accessible. Barney will take you down there and have a look round it for you.” He turned to young man who had just spoken. “Barney, the young lady wants to know if there were any problems with her brakes. Will you find out for her, and anything else she wants to know?”
“Okay, boss,” he said, taking the docket and picking up a cloth belt full of tools, which he put around his waist before leading her out of the office.  “You’ve cheered him up a treat,” Barney told her in a soft Scottish accent as they made their way to the far side of the yard. 
“He seems a jolly sort of bloke anyway,” she said. 
“Aye, but he loves it when people show an interest in Charlie, and of course, in his own racing career.”
“Glad to have been of service.” Faye replied.
The old Ford was lying on top of a pile of other wrecks towards the back of the yard. Barney told Faye to stand well clear, and he climbed into the cab of a vehicle with a lifting arm.
Faye walked over to the perimeter fence to watch while he picked her car off the pile. Gazing around from her new viewpoint, she noticed a stack of what looked like front side panels. The top one of them was the same distinctive blue colour as the blue van that had almost hit her after the accident.
Barney put her car down on a clear piece of ground and called her over. The wheels were already off, so the car squatted on its belly. One of the doors was hanging open. Barney put his head inside in and looked around.
“Right. What exactly do you want to know?”
“What state the brakes were in. They failed and nearly killed me.”
“Oh, right then.” he said.
He got back into his Hiab and deftly flipped the car over onto its roof.
“It’ll be easier this way up,” he said, coming to stand next to her.
 He looked closely at all four points where the wheels had been.
“The discs and pads seem fine,” he said. “In fact I would say the front ones were recently done.”
“Yes, they were, as part of the MOT,” Faye replied. “That’s why we were so surprised when they failed.”
Barney was still fiddling around in the wheel arches, this time unscrewing something from behind the point that he had checked before.
“I’m checking the brake hoses,” he told Faye. “That one looks fine, but if there’s a leak in the system somewhere, then once all the fluid is gone, the brakes would certainly fail.”
He checked another and put it aside, and then moved on to the opposite side of the vehicle. He removed the hose on that side, and his mouth fell open as he stared at.
“Here’s your problem,” he said turning to Faye. “It’s good, with hardly any signs of wear, but there’s a nick in it. I think it’s been deliberately cut.”   
He flexed the hose and pointed out the damage. Faye ran her fingers over it, and a chill went down her spine.
“Shit,” she said. “Do you think someone tried to kill me?”
“Yes I do,” he replied. “This is really going to upset the boss. He hates the police...”
“Maybe we don’t need to involve them, at least not with you people. How about I just buy the car back? You can put it outside for me, and I’ll get a friend to take it away.”
“I’ll speak to the boss,” he said, striding back to the office at a speed that made her think she wasn’t supposed to follow.
A minute or two later Dave was bounding down the steps towards her.
“You said no police,” he said. “You gave your word.” He wasn’t smiling. 
“I didn’t expect to find that someone had tried to kill me,” she replied. “Supposing they try again? I’ve got kids. Would you risk it?”
“Shit, I can fucking do without this,” he said. He paced for a while, kicking a stone across the ground and scuffing up a cloud of dust.
“Look, we’ll put it outside, like you told Barney,” he said. “I’ll give you a list of all the lads here who touched it. The filth have got all of our dabs already. They shouldn’t need to come poking around.” He stomped off, muttering.
“He’s not happy,” Barney said, grinning. “I knew he wouldn’t be. He hates the police. Absolutely loathes them. I don’t know why. We’re quite legit here. Pays tax on everything, no hassle...”
“Oh well. At least he agreed to let the car go,” Faye said.
They started walking back towards the car, but Dave was coming down again. He called her back.
“Right here’s the docs,” he said. “You sign for it and take it back, and then it’s nothing to do with us. Here’s the list.” He strode off towards his office again.
“Thanks,” she said. “I’ll try to make sure you don’t get any trouble…”
“Fat chance...” he muttered, without stopping. “Pigs might bloody fly, and I’ll make sure they do if they come up my damn steps.”
Barney grinned. “Makes no sense to me,” he said, and led Faye back towards her car.
“Those panels,” she said, passing the pile she’s seen earlier. “Why did you keep them?”
“Oh them, they came in today,” Barney replied. “We didn’t get the whole car. We sometimes get the bits the body shops get rid of. That’s a rush job. The bloke who brought them in said we’d got to get rid of them today. Don’t ask me why. They were doing a rush job for some important client.”
“Oh,” she said. She decided not to ask for the name of the body shop in case she lost his cooperation altogether. She guessed it must be close. She’d seen the van at around midday, and now it was already in bits. 
He lifted her old car, depositing it on the road outside the yard.
Faye phoned Louise to let her know where to find the car, and then she drove slowly around the factory estate in search of bodywork repair shop.





Chapter Twenty


Louise took Faye’s call with a sinking heart. She tried to sound pleased, but she would have to get Radley’s permission to approach the forensics lab, and that was a depressing prospect. The ever increasing use of science was costly, and requests for their expertise could not be put forward by anyone below Inspector level. Forms had to be filled in and countersigned. It would be another battle. 
She sat at her desk, taking a moment or two to get the line of argument straight in her head before knocking on his door. Aiden was already in there, looking relaxed and chatty. His expression stiffened when she entered, and she could feel his eyes boring into her.
“Ah, Louise, to what do we owe this pleasure?” Radley asked.
She outlined her request, dropped the form on to the desk in front of him, and waited while he read through it.
Radley straightened the sheet of paper with his left hand, keeping his right hand under the desk. It was an awkward movement. Louise looked at him more closely. His skin was pale and his eyes bloodshot, with dark rings underneath. He was even more sweaty than usual. It was a stark change from the day before. 
His movements were stiff as he leaned forward to read the form. He went through it slowly, his forehead creasing in concentrating as he studied every word.  
“No, Louise, I really can’t see the point in this,” he said handing it back to her, again with his left hand.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Aiden turn away to hide a sneer. She put the form back on Radley’s desk.
“If her brake pipes were cut, and the breakers said they were, a crime has been committed.”
“We’d never get a conviction. Too much time has passed, Louise. Too many people have touched the car already.”
“If we can get at least one good set of prints, we can identify the person who did this. It might add weight to the case against Knightly, or bring someone else into the equation.”
“But there’s no need, Louise. Our case is already strong enough, and it probably won’t go to trial anyway.”
“But supposing you’ve got the wrong person? Or there are other people involved? Have you read my report on Gabriella Stevens yet? Both she and Anna Cox were financially disadvantaged in comparison to their friends. They both needed money, Anna for her prom outfit and Gabriella for a school trip. Gabriella had expressed an interest in looking for work through a modelling agency. There is more to all this than we’ve assumed…”
Aiden turned a snort into a poor imitation of a cough and peered out of the window. 
“No there isn’t, Louise. I am confident that we have the right person. Only you could think differently.”
“The nurse who owns this car, says he might have seen something in the past that addled his brain. She thinks he might be innocent.”
“Huh, his nurse can think what she likes. I’ve spoken to his psychiatrist. The nurse has been suspended because of over-involvement with the Knightlys and talking to the press. The woman has no boundaries…”
“But she’s the one who knows him best.”
“Her judgement is clouded and needs to be ignored.”
“Are we going to ignore everyone who doesn’t go along with our version of the event?”
“Back off, Louise. You are not on the case anymore.”
“You can’t push me out, sir. I was instrumental in getting the arrest in the first place…”
“Then why are you now trying to undo the good work you’ve already done?”    
“I’m not. I just want to examine all the facts again and make sure we’ve got it right. Whoever tampered with Faye Lovall’s car might have been trying to prevent Christian telling her any more about his so called delusional murder. Why do you think that was?”
“Do you think it was the older Knightly?” Radley asked.
“I don’t know, but he would have had the opportunity.”
“Does the nurse think it was him?”
“No. She won’t have a word said against Alan Knightly,” Louise said. 
“No of course not; he’s far too good looking to be a murderer, or even the father of one, isn’t he?” Radley replied, looking at some other papers on his desk.
Louise noticed that the report she had left him the day before was being used as a placemat. Splashes of coffee made it virtually unreadable. She made a mental note to print off another copy and make sure he read it.
“We’ve got his finger prints and DNA already,” Louise said. “Why can’t we check he didn’t fiddle with the car? It would strengthen the case against his son, if he did.”
Louise glanced at Aiden. To Louise’s surprise, his expression had changed from derision to interest. Radley noticed it too. He looked at Louise in silence for a moment before reaching for the form. 
“Okay,” he said. “You win, just this once.” He lifted his right hand from under the desk, it was heavily swathed in bandages, with just his swollen fingers pocking out. He made several painful attempts to position a pen between his thumb and forefinger before succeeding. He managed a shaky scrawl of a signature and handed the form back to Louise.
“What’s happened to your hand?” she asked.
“Oh, nothing, just a silly accident,” he said, waving her away.
“Thanks,” she said, leaving the office before he could change his mind and avoiding Aiden’s eye in case her expression was a little too triumphant. 
Louise had almost completed the arrangements for the removal and examination of Faye’s car when Faye was on the phone, talking fast, and telling her about another vehicle.
“Remember the blue van I told you about? The one that I had to jump out of the way of after my brakes failed? The old chap said he’d deliberately driven at me, but I thought it was accidental. I saw the van and the driver again earlier today, and he got really nasty with me. Pushed me over and broke my phone.”
“Faye, why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
“I didn’t think it meant anything, and you’ve got such a lot on your plate. Anyway, I saw a dented wing, I’m sure it was from the same van, in the breakers. They said they get bits in from body shops, so I checked out a few. I’ve got the number of the van. It’s in for a re-spray. It only came in this morning, and he wants it done absolutely straight away. They’re painting it yellow.”
Louise smiled. “Not quite the colour to use if you don’t want to be noticed is it?” 
“No, but I thought you might like to check it out,” Faye said. 
Louise caught disappointment in her voice. 
“Yes, of course I will,” she answered. “Thanks Faye, you’ve done really well.” She cringed, at how patronising she sounded and added more soberly. “It could be very important...”
“Okay, good. Well I just thought I’d let you know...” Faye replied. “Keep me informed. Bye for now.” She rang off.    
 Louise finished the arrangements for the car and ran the van’s registration number through the computer. It belonged to a Newhaven firm, PJ Printing. She remembered attending a call there once. She remembered the owner, Peter Johnson, a pompous guy full of his own importance, had reported some kids for climbing on the fence around his property.
Peter Johnson enjoyed some special relationship with Inspector Radley, old school or Masons she guessed, which had meant that they had treated Johnson’s complaint with much more concern than it might otherwise have prompted. That was something that had annoyed Louise at the time.  
The factory had a small reception area and a large office where customers could discuss their requiremets. Rather than setting herself up for a further clash with her boss, perhaps unnecessarily, she would ask Faye to pop in there on some pretext or other.  
Faye would certainly recognise the person who had tried to knock her down if it was Johnson or one of his employees.
Louise would then have a good enough reason for Radley to agree to her visiting them herself.   
		
Faye was on her way home when she pulled in to take Louise’s call. Louise had suggested waiting until next day, but Faye, flushed with the success of her previous two efforts at detective work, had happily turned the car around and driven back towards the high street. 
It was nearly five, so she was taking a chance on anyone being at PJ’s at all, but it was worth a try. The kids would be quite happy with her mother for a little longer.  
The factory was in an old three-story building that had once been a brewery. There was a high fence all around it, and a wide strip of weedy grass, making it looked totally out of character with the newer industrial units that had sprung up around it.  
There were three cars on the forecourt, so someone must still be working. The building was already locked up. She knocked, but suspected that her feeble fist wouldn’t have made enough noise to penetrate the thick wooden door. She stood back and waited, but when no one came, she returned to her car.
She had her hand on the door handle and turned to take one last look at the building, when two heavily made up, leggy blonds came out, tottering on very high heels and their movement further restricted by shiny, skin tight trousers.  
“Oh, hang on,” Faye said, hurrying back towards them. “I need to go in.”
They stopped, holding the door ajar, and looked her up and down. Her pink trainers paired with orange leggings and a baggy green jumper, all a little grubby after the breaker’s yard, got a look of incredulous disapproval. 
“You aren’t a model, are you?” one of them said, with the cocky dismissal of youth for older folk.
“No,” Faye answered, stopping with her own hand on the door. “I just came to see Peter Johnson.”
“We’re models,” the taller one reported proudly.
That’s a relief, thought Faye. I’d worry if you were packers with those fingernails.
“Who’s Peter Johnson?” the shorter girl asked.
“This is his factory,” Faye said. 
“Oh, he won’t be in there. There’s no one called Peter here.”
“Shane and Paul do cameras and sound,” her friend added. “Then there’s men who move the sets around, and the only other fellas are Tyson and Bruce.”
“And what do they do?” Faye asked.
The girls giggled awkwardly causing Faye to reassess their ages. They seemed much younger than she had first thought, probably nearer mid-teens than the almost twenty she had originally assumed. 
“If you don’t know, we shouldn’t say,” the shorter one said. “We’re told not to talk about it.”
“It’s only photos,” the other girl added, “Like swim wear or underwear for catalogues and stuff.”  
 “Have they finished now?” Faye asked, looking to see if anyone else was coming out.
“No, there’s some filming starting now. We don’t do that.”
“Okay, well I’ll just see whether anyone knows if Peter’s about tomorrow,” Faye said, and she strode off. 
“See ya,” the girls called, moving away. The taller girl’s bag fell open as she swung it onto her shoulder. Faye caught a glimpse of school books.
She closed the door quietly behind her and started to move slowly through the building.
She passed through the empty reception area to a hallway with a number of doors leading off it and stairs going up to a floor above. She knocked gently on the first of these and waited a few seconds before she opened it and went in.
It was a large office. It was thickly carpeted and expensively laid out. The solid, wooden desk looked like an antique, and the filing cabinets were considerably better than the ones she used at work. There was a smaller, less ornate desk in the corner for the secretary, Faye assumed, and a number of leather armchairs grouped around a coffee table. 
She went further down the corridor, peeking into a huge hall crammed with printing presses. The next was a storeroom, stacked from head to floor with every possible kind of paper.
She stopped at the next door. There was the sound of voices inside, along with furniture being moved. She listened with her ear against the door for a few seconds, and then drew herself to her full height, put on her most disarming smile, and strode in.
“Hi, who do I need to talk to about a brochure?” she said, casting her eyes around the room. It was a large space; as big as the other room where she’d seen the printers. Part of it was taken up by unwieldy, probably obsolete machinery, crammed together and out of the way. The rest was very obviously a film set.
A couple writhing naked on double bed turned to look at her, and so did the camera and sound team who were hovering over them. 
“What the hell!” the girl on the bed said, pushing the man off and sitting up. But Faye’s eyes had settled on the other scene that was being set up; wall screens with Disney wallpaper, were being put around a child’s bed.
A moment later she was surrounded by the furniture movers; three big burly men who shoved her bodily out of the room and into the hall.
“I’m sorry,” Faye said, trying to appear unruffled. “I was looking for Peter Johnson. It’s about a school prospectus.”
“He’s not here,” one of the movers said.
“No one from that department is here in the afternoon,” the second one said.
The cameraman came through the door.
“What did she see?” he asked the men. 
“Nothing much; we were very quick,” one replied. “Jez’s not going to like this. Why wasn’t the door locked?”
“We must have forgotten,” the other answered. “There’s no need to tell anyone; she didn’t see anything worth seeing...”
No, but I’ve got a good imagination, thought Faye.
“Do you know what we are filming in there?” the cameraman asked.
“It’s not really my business,” Faye said. “Adult movies, I suppose. They aren’t illegal, are they.”
“No they aren’t, but I was getting stills for a men’s mag, that’s all. The sort you get in all the supermarkets.”
“Oh, right.” Faye said. Pull the other one, she thought. 
“The other set is an advertisement for kids bedding.” 
Sure, Faye thought, of course it is. “Well like I said it’s not my business.”
“No it’s not. So go away and don’t mention this to anyone. It’s a very competitive field, okay? And this is a good area. We like to be discrete.”
“No, I won’t be telling anyone.”
“Good. Come back with your printing in the morning, and I’ll get Peter to give you a discount, okay?”
“Sounds good to me,” said Faye. “Thanks.”
She made her way back outside, trying not to break into a run, and not feeling completely safe until she was sitting in the car with the doors locked. Even then she had to drive away, putting a few miles between herself and the factory, before she could pull in and get on the phone to Louise.
				
Louise went straight back in to Radley’s office where Aiden was still lounging comfortably. The conversation had moved on to Formula One. Aiden was doing most of the talking, smiling and gesturing, while Radley still looked uncomfortable, as if every move he made jarred him.
“I need to get a search warrant,” she told Radley. “There’s something going on at PJ’s Printing…”
 “No way, Louise,” he said, shaking his head.
“But, sir, they are making explicit films, with very young girls…”
“Who told you that?” Radley asked.
“A customer of theirs phoned in...”
“Watch my lips, Louise. I’m not having you stir up trouble with one of Seaford’s most influential employers.” 
He leant forward stiffly, reaching with his good hand for a packet of paracetamol. 
Louise took a deep breath. “Anna Cox was looking for work, and Gabriella Stevens was considering modelling.”  
“What’s that got to do with anything?” he snapped, washing down the painkillers with a swig of water.    
“You want to know where Anna Cox was.”
“And has Knightly anything to do with PJ’s? No.”
“He might have. This isn’t their usual line of work.”
“How on earth would you know about their activities, usual or otherwise?”
“They are making films…”
Aiden had been listening with a more neutral expression than anything Louise normally provoked in him. “Maybe it does need checking out, Noel,” he said. “I can go with Louise, if you like. I’ll make sure we don’t offend anyone. Maybe then she won’t be pushing for search warrants.”
Louise looked at Aiden, who was as cool and poised as usual, and then at Radley, who looked anything but. He was red faced and sweating profusely. He picked up his water with a hand that was shaking so violently that it slopped over the desk. He swore and used his sleeve to mop at the desk diary, losing a few entries to a blue smudge.
   “All right, have it your way,” he said. “You two will be the death of me. You know that don’t you?”
“I’ll make sure there’s no trouble, Noel,” Aiden said. “It’s just a routine call, like we’ve been doing all week. I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”
“Just get out of here, the pair of you.” Radley muttered, waving them away.
Aiden and Louise exchanged a shrug and a puzzled glance, the only almost friendly gesture Aidan had shown her for a long time, and left, closing the office door softly behind them. They agreed a time to meet the next day and Louise left to go home, with a lighter heart than usual.    
Instead of phoning to give Joyce an update, as she had done at the end of last two days, Louise called in on her on the way home. She wanted to collect something that she should have taken on Monday, if the need to check out Barry Parks and Christian Knightly hadn’t been so pressing. 
The neighbour, a stout middle-aged lady, opened the door. Her hand went straight to her mouth when she saw the ID badge Louise was holding.
“You’ve found her,” she whispered. “She’s dead?”
“No, no,” said Louise. “There’s no news yet. I just came to see how Joyce was bearing up.”
“Oh, thank God,” she said and called through to Joyce, “It’s okay love, it’s the detective. She’s just come to see how you are. Shall I pop back to my own flat so you can talk.”
“No, please stay, Hazel.” Joyce said, appearing in the lounge doorway. “Don’t go yet. We can all talk can’t we? No secrets.”
But Hazel left them alone in the sitting room and bustled off to the kitchen to make them a cup of tea.
“She’s been a godsend, Louise. I think I would have gone mad by now without her,” Joyce said, but she looked much worse than before. She was hollow eyed and even thinner and paler than the last time Louise had seen her. “So, what have you been doing today? Are you any closer?”
“I’ve been busy,” Louise said. “I’m following a few different lines of inquiry, all of which could help us, but there’s nothing conclusive yet, I’m afraid.”
“Oh, God, I can’t stand much more of this waiting. The other girl wasn’t killed straight away though, was she? You’ll get to her in time, won’t you, please?”
“That’s what we’re aiming to do,” Louise said. “Tell me Joyce, did Gabriella ever talk to you about getting a part-time job?”
“No. I don’t think she needed money. We haven’t got much, but whatever comes in goes her way first. She gets new clothes, books and everything for school. I get mine from the charity shops, but I wouldn’t let her do that.”
“But if she did want to work, did she ever mention anything she’d like to do?”
“No. I mean, she wants to be in an orchestra when she’s older. She wants to study music at university. Why? Do you think she was looking for a job?”
“I don’t know yet. Like I said, it’s best to follow everything up. One of her school friends talked about a modelling agency.”
“I’ve gone through her room, just in case there were any flyers or advertisements for anything at all that could have enticed her away, but I didn’t find anything. We are close, me and Gabriella. She would have talked about anything like that.”
“Have you checked out Gabriella’s computer?”
“No. I wouldn’t know how.”
“Would you let me take it, please?”
“Of course. I’ll go and get it.”
Hazel came into the room with the tea tray, while Louise was digging in her bag for a receipt to give Joyce.
“She’s not eating,” Hazel whispered. “I’ve brought some biscuits to tempt her with.” She started pouring the tea. “You’re thinking the worst about all this, aren’t you?”
“No,” Louise answered. “I’ve still got lots of hope.”
Joyce returned to the room with a small, pink laptop in a carrier bag.
“Have some tea and a biscuit, my dear,” said Hazel, rubbing Joyce’s back gently, as if she were looking after a sick child.
 Joyce smiled weakly and obediently nibbled at a biscuit. “Hazel’s looking after me really well,” she said. “I’m so glad you put us in touch.”
“That’s nice,” said Louise, nodding at Hazel. “It’s very good of you to help out.”
“Oh, once I knew what had happened, I couldn’t do anything else. And it gives me a purpose. I just hope it all turns out well...”
“So do I” Louise said. “And I’m doing my damnedest to make sure it does.”
Louise went about her usual evening routine of microwaving a meal for herself and feeding her cats, followed by a meticulous clean up afterwards. When that was done, she watched the headlines on news twenty-four, and then she opened up Gabriella’s computer.
She watched for the boot menu to appear, hitting the safe mode option before it flashed off the screen. She pressed F8, and bingo, she was in. She took out Gabriella’s password and changed it to one that she would remember, and then she inserted her own network key, and started to go through Gabriella’s browsing history. 
Gabriella used all the usual stuff; homework sites, boy bands fanzines, you tube and facebook, but the things that caught Louise eye were frequent searches for cheap flights to America and variations of searches for ‘agency’, ‘Lewes’, ‘modelling work’ and ‘Stars’. 
So poor Gabriella had been so desperate to play her ‘cello with her orchestra in America that she was looking for a job, possibly one that might have put her life in danger. 
Nothing about ‘Stars’ had come up on her various searches. Louise put the words into Google herself, altering the word order several times, but she couldn’t find a modelling agency in Lewes called Stars either.
She opened Gabriella’s Facebook account, getting straight in. The password must have been saved. She scrolled through Gabriella’s activity, but found nothing helpful. She went to messages, and then she hit gold. There was a conversation with a school friend.
“Can’t find Stars!!!” Gabriella had written to a girl called Jemma.
“They don’t have a website,” Jemma had replied.
“Do you know the address?”
“No, but my cousin said it’s along the high street, just past Forfar’s, on the same side.”
“Great.”
“You’re not really going are you??”
“Yes. I’ve got to do something. It’s my only chance.”
“Good luck” 
Louise swore under her breath and put Stars on her to do list for the next day. It would have to wait until after the visit to PJ’s. That was scheduled as the first thing in the morning.






Chapter Twenty-one	    


 Louise followed Aiden into Peter’s plush office on the ground floor of PJ Printing at nine o’clock the following morning. 
 “Sit down,” Peter said, slightly breathlessly. He was nervously hopping from one foot to the other. “Kelly is just leaving.” 
He turned to a girl at a small desk in the corner. The office eye candy, Louise thought. She had a face that dimpled when she smiled and a mass of fluffy blond hair that twinkled as she moved her head through a patch of sunlight. “Go upstairs for a while, love,” Peter said to her, “I’ll call you when I want you to come back.”
Kelly leant forward to push her seat back, showing a generous amount of cleavage and a lacy red bra as her low cut top slid off her shoulder. Aiden stared as she got up, straightened her clothes and tottered across the room on four inch heels. He caught himself in time to dart forward and open the door for her. He was rewarded for his gallantry, with a wide smile and an emphatic swing of her hips as she left.
“She could have stayed,” Aiden said, sitting down on the sofa, next to Louise. “This is just a routine visit. We’re visiting anywhere that the murdered girl, Anna Cox, could possibly have visited in the period between going missing and the time of her death.”
“I don’t think I’ll be able to help,” said Peter.
“We’ve got a few photos. Perhaps you could look at them in case they spark any memories,” Louise said. 
 “Is there anything I can get for you first? Tea or coffee, or something stronger maybe?” 
“No, we’re fine,” Aiden replied. “We don’t want to take up to much of your time, do we, Louise?”
“I’m sure Mr Johnson, as a very responsibly citizen, can spare us a few minutes,” Louise said. 
 “No problem,” Peter replied. “You don’t mind if I do then?” he asked, pouring himself a large glass of whiskey before sitting down at his desk.
Aiden produced the photos.
“Have you ever seen any of these individuals?” Aiden asked.
Peter took them and stared at them. Louise studied his face for any flicker of emotion, but there was none. 
“That’s the girl who was murdered,” he said, handing her picture back to Aiden. “She’s been in the papers all week. I’m sure everyone in the country recognises her by now, and certainly us Seaford residents. It was a shocking. A truly tragic incident. Who would have thought that such a thing could happen here?”
“And the man? Have you ever seen him before?” Louise asked.
“In the newspapers of course, but I’ve never met him. No, I’m absolutely sure of that,” said Peter, handing the second picture back.
Louise passed him the picture of Gabriella Stevens. This time she did notice a flicker of emotion. 
“No, I don’t know her either,” he said holding it out to her.
“Have another look,” she said. “Just to make sure.”
He held it in front of his face for a second or two, but seemed reluctant to actually focus on it. 
This time Louise did take it back when he offered it. She noticed that his hands were clammy enough to leave smudges where he’d held it.          
“So, are you absolutely sure that the two girls in the pictures have never had anything to do with your firm?” Louise asked. “Because I understand that the filming you do may involve young girls.”
“Whatever gave you that idea? We make boring promotional videos,” Peter replied. “Of course we use models. I don’t think ‘young girls’ is quite the right description. They are all professional women who need to make a living. And there’s nothing wrong with that. Everyone knows that there is nothing better than an attractive female to help market a product.” 
“Where do you recruit your models from?” Louise asked.
“An agency in town.” Peter answered. “My associate deals with that.”
“Do you see all the girls that come from the agency yourself?” Louise asked.
“No. I would imagine I see most of them, coming and going, but I couldn’t say it was all of them.”
“Perhaps we should have a word with your associate, if he’s more closely involved with the recruitment of models. What’s his name?”
She felt Aiden fidgeting next to her.
“Jerry Markam or some people call him Jez.” Peter replied briskly. “He’s an old school friend. I’ve always known him as Jerry. He doesn’t come in until one o’clock, when we close down all the printers and start filming. You didn’t say you wanted to speak to anyone else when you phoned.”
“No,” Aiden replied, ”and I don’t think we really need to. If you are sure you haven’t seen any of the people in the photos, then I think we are all finished here.” He stood up.
“But I’m actually quite interested in the filming.” Louise said, smiling and remaining seated. “I would really like to see the kind of work you do here.”
Aiden sat down again.
“I haven’t got anything I can show you.” Peter said. “We don’t keep samples on the premises.”
“Don’t you? I would have thought you would, to show prospective customers. But then, I don’t know anything about the world of business,” Louise replied, keeping her tone pleasant.
“Well I’m afraid I don’t keep samples as yet. It’s a new project you see, though it is something we might consider in the future. The filming is something we’ve only just started to get involved in. We’ve a lot to learn, and it’s not very well organised as yet. Jerry is the one who is mainly in control.”  
“But it is something that you hope to expand in time, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it’s certainly that. But as I said, my colleague deals with it.”
“Then I think we will have to speak to Jerry Markam, Mr. Johnson. You said filming starts at one. Perhaps we can pop in again then?”
“Tomorrow would be more convenient…” Peter said.
“No, no, you said he’d be here later,” Louise said. “We’ll call back then. It won’t take long. Can I have a little look round before I go? I don’t think I’ve ever been in a printing works before.”
Peter hesitated. “Okay, you can have a look in the print room, but just from the door,” he said. “We can’t have people wandering about. Health and safety, and all that.”
He led them out into the hallway and opened a door into a large warehouse like space where a number of noisy machines were spewing out various sizes of paper. Louise got the quickest of peeks inside before Peter closed the door again.
“See; nothing exciting in there,” he said. “Just a lot of noise. Right, I’d better let Jerry know you’re coming.”
He ushered them out of the front door, which closed behind them with a heavy thud.       
  
As soon as they got back to the car, Aiden turned on Louise. “What on earth were you playing at?” he demanded. “You just enjoy wasting time and making something out of nothing, don’t you? There is really no need to go come here again this afternoon. He hasn’t seen the girl. You can’t seriously think that we are going to gain anything by seeing his partner as well.”
“I think there might be quite a lot to gain,” she said. “Didn’t you think it odd that he didn’t have any samples or something to show us at least?”
“No, not really.” 
“Well, it seemed very strange to me,” Louise said. “I think we should ask the modelling agency a few questions too.”
“I suppose you think they’ve been withholding information about the girls as well.”  
“I think any reputable agency would have come forward when pictures of Anna were first published in the papers if they’d got her on their books. What I do want to find out though, is what kind of models Peter Johnson uses, and what exactly they are asked to do.”
“There’s no crime in putting pretty girls in front of anything you’re selling, Louise. It’s the way cars have been sold ever since they were invented.” 
“Did he come across to you as a man with nothing to hide? A man who was proud of what he was doing?”
“He sensed your disapproval,” Aiden said. “He must have recognised you for the stuck up prude that you are, that’s all.”  
“That was uncalled for, Aiden,” Louise said, “and unprofessional. So be careful; I’m quite capable of making a complaint about you if you push me too far. So are we investigating a murder or not?” 
“Well as you ask, no we are not,” he replied. “I know it has escaped your notice, but we have already solved the murder case. We have a murder, and we have a murderer; it’s as simple as that. What we are doing now is just tying up loose ends.”
“Okay then, but I’d say that any contact between Anna and P. J. Printing in the week before she died would be a pretty big loose end. Wouldn’t you? And if Johnson leaves the filming side of things all to his mate Jerry, then he’s the man to discuss it with. Back me on this, Aiden. I’m not harassing them, so don’t make out to Radley that I am.”
“Oh, all right, if you insist. We’ll come and see this Jerry chap. But keep it calm and polite. Don’t let your imagination run away with you and accuse them of all sorts of things. Even if their filming isn’t very nice, it doesn’t make them murderers, does it?”
Louise settled for this somewhat uneasy truce. She suspected that his grudging cooperation was more about catching another eyeful of Little Miss Fluffy, but she had got it, and that was the main thing right now. 
Louise spent the next few hours trying to find out the whereabouts of Neil Osborne, the soldier Bob told her about, who had been convicted of the murder in Seaford fifteen years ago. 
His sentence had been life, so in theory he should have been easy to locate. By all that was logical, he should have been released on licence approximately a year ago, and even if he had moved away, and Louise guessed he would have done, someone should have been keeping tabs on him. But so far she had failed to find any up to date information about him at all on any of the databases of people being monitored in the community.


Jerry Markam was putting on his face, and now he was seriously angry. He hadn’t used stage make-up for some years, but he was still competent. A lifetime’s involvement in amateur dramatics made the task easy, but the fact that it was necessary made him absolutely furious.  
What did Radley want? Another crushed hand? A few more broken ribs? it could certainly be arranged. The only reason it hadn’t happened already was that he needed him in place more than he wanted him hurt. At least he could give some sort of warning, as he had done now.
Jerry Markam had made his plans. He would be leaving the country on Saturday. Radley could hold off a search warrant until then, but he couldn’t promise any longer. Things were getting too complicated. 
Jerry was going back to Spain where the police were cheaper, and you got what you paid for. But first, he’d make use of the girl for a bit longer. 
He’d get some priceless footage of her, and then he’d dispose of her. He’d be well away before the shit hit the fan. There were other people who could run the operation for him here, and anyway, he shouldn’t neglect his Spanish businesses for too long.  
He could always return to England when the dust settled.
He’d already vacated his flat and put it with a letting agent. He told the man he was going abroad immediately. That was a bit of an exaggeration. He’d stay with his dear Mama until the end of the week. 
He would have to keep his head down and avoid any chance encounters, but he was ready to go at a moment’s notice should the need arise. For now, he was enjoying his latest little prize too much to walk away from.   
Right now he was perfecting his disguise for this afternoon’s meeting with the zealot and her minder. He’d need more than dark glasses. He was carefully applying facial hair; a full beard and heavy eye brows. He would have to put foundation on the bruising and wear gloves.
He might use an accent, but maybe not. That could be risky if you didn’t know the background of the people you were trying to deceive, but he hadn’t ruled it out yet.        

 
Louise wandered through to the front office to wait for Aiden, who seemed to have forgotten about their appointment at P. J. Printing.  He was back from lunch even later than usual. 
“How are things then, Lulu?” Bob asked, when he noticed her there. “You still look a bit down. Have you got any further with finding that girly?”
“No not yet.”
“How’s the investigation going?”
“I think she might have got herself into terrible trouble. There’s some rather unsavoury filming going on at PJ Printing. They use youngish models, and she was looking for that kind of work. I just hope she’s not got involved with anything there.”  
“But you’re checking it out.”
“Yes. Radley’s against a search warrant until we know more. Aiden was supposed to be going there with me this afternoon, but he seems to have been delayed. I hope he turns up soon. I’ve already had to tell Peter Johnson we would be an hour late, and he wasn’t a bit happy about that.”
“Over-inflated sense of his own importance, that one,” said Bob.
“Which?” she asked. “Aiden or Peter Johnson?”
“I meant Johnson, but I suppose it could apply to the other one too!” Bob replied with a smile.
“Actually, Bob,” Louise said. “There was something else I wanted to ask you about. Remember that other murder you told me about? Where the body was found in the same spot where we found Anna Cox?”
“I’ll never forget it, Lou.”  
“I’ve been trying to find out a bit more about it, but there’s not much information around. The main file has been taken away for storage, which is what you’d expect. The thing is, I thought that as a lifer, we’d be keeping some sort of check on him here, but there’s nothing.”
“I suppose he should be out by now, but he could have died, or he could still be inside. Or he might have got into other trouble since and been recalled. You need to check up through the prison records. You are assuming he has been released because you want him to be the main suspect in the murder and to help you prove the Knightly boy innocent. It might not all fit that neatly.  
“Failing that, I can let you know where the mother lives, always assuming she’s in the same house. She might also be able to give you a bit of background to the case, if she’s willing to talk about it after all this time.”
“That would be very helpful, Bob,” Louise replied. “I think I might try and visit her, even if she’s terribly hostile. I think it would give a little bit more insight into that case, don’t you?”
“Possibly. Okay then, I’ll write down her address for you. I don’t know the number after all these years, but you can find that out easily enough. She might be willing to talk to you if you don’t say whose daughter you are. She was always all right with me, but it was your father she really had it in for. Be careful, won’t you, if her son is back there. If he thinks he’s going down for Anna Cox’s murder, he won’t mind having you to his credit as well.”
Louise stuffed the address into her pocket just as Aiden turned up.
“Thanks, Bob, you’re an angel,” she said, grinning over her shoulder at him as she hurriedly left with Aiden to make the short trip to the factory.  
“What was all that about?” Aiden asked as they set off. “Bob giving you some private little tip-offs is he? Must be nice to have friends in influential places. It’ll help your career along no end.”
“No, it’s not a tip off. He just gave me an address. He was, as you guessed, a friend of my father for years. In fact his family and mine were very friendly, and I used to play with his sons as a child. I’ve lost touch with them all now. He thought I might like to get in touch with this person, that’s all.” Louise answered truthfully enough.

The factory was silent and apparently empty of employees when they arrived. The only car outside was Peter Johnson’s jag, with its personalised number plate, PJ1.  
“Funny way to run a business, don’t you think, Aiden?” Louise asked. “They seem most reluctant to make any money, don’t they?” 
“Peter explained last time we were here that you couldn’t risk external noise while the filming goes on.” Aiden replied. “That’s why they stop the presses in the afternoon. I think we should feel honoured that they’ve gone to the expense of losing another days production just for us, don’t you?”
“No, actually I think it’s very odd. They could have carried on with the filming. The office seems pretty soundproof, or we could have gone upstairs. I think Peter Johnson is very rattled about something.”
Aiden gave her a look and drew her attention to the fact that Peter was coming towards them.
“You made it at last,” he said. “Good. My colleague is not a patient man. Come in, come in.”
Jerry Markam was seated at Peter’s desk.  He stood up as they entered the office, and being a good few inches taller than Aiden, he smiled down on the two of them. He didn’t remove his sunglasses, which Louise thought was very odd. She studied him closely. 
“Please sit,” he said. They were clearly expected to take the two chairs facing his desk, rather than the easy chairs they had used earlier.  Peter was still hovering in the doorway, looking distinctly agitated. “Perhaps you could rustle us up some coffee, Peter. I don’t think you are needed here for now.”
 Aiden passed the photographs across the desk, “You might need to take your shades off,” Aiden said. “It’s not very bright in here.”
“I’ll be the judge of that, sonny,” Jerry replied, with what might have been a sneer. 
He glanced at the picture of Anna Cox. 
“No,” he said, shaking his head.  
 It was difficult to pick up much facial expression from him through the beard and glasses, but Louise noticed a momentary waver, and a crease in his forehead. 
“Obviously I’ve seen her. She’s on the front page of all the newspapers. I’ve never seen her anywhere else, I can assure you,” he said. “And Christian Knightly, I know who he is from the papers too. I haven’t seen him anywhere else at all either,” he said, handing the photographs back. He crossed his legs and folded his arms across his chest. 
Liar, thought Louise, glancing across at Aiden. He’s hiding something. She passed him the picture of Gabriella Stevens.
“Do you always wear gloves inside?” Aiden asked.
“What business of yours is it what I wear, or when.” Jerry snapped. “So who is this one?” he asked. “She hasn’t been in the papers.”
“No, but she is missing.” Louise said. “Her name is Gabriella Stevens. She might have been looking for work through an agency called Stars. Have you seen her?”
“No.”
“Okay then.” Aiden said. “We’ll just ask a few questions to get things into perspective for our notes, and that should be it. Now could you tell me how long you have been working here, and what exactly is the nature of your employment?” 
Peter returned with the coffee and began passing it around.  
“I’ve been working with Peter for about six months,” Jerry said. “I was brought into the operation initially to take forward the promotional film side of the business, but now I see myself in more of a global role. I have taken over most of the general running of the place from Peter, and I am sure I will be offered a full partnership in the very near future.” 
Louise caught Peter’s expression at this announcement. It seemed to be registering resignation rather than unbridled enthusiasm. 
“You can leave us now,” Jerry said, and Peter left with a brief backward glance.
“Right,” said Aiden. “Perhaps you could tell us a bit about the filming and how you recruit the models?” 
“My actresses all come from highly reputable agencies. Usually London based, but we also use a small local one, in Lewes actually, who send local girls from Seaford. I like to do what I can to support the local economy whenever possible.”
“Is that the one called Stars?” Louise asked.
“It might be,” he replied. “I can’t think now...” 
“Can I have the name and address of all the agencies you use?” Louise asked.
“Look, none of the people you are enquiring about have had anything to do with me or the projects I’m working on. That’s all you need to know. I think you should leave now.”
“But it might help us to know which girls you have used from Stars.” Louise said. “Can you give us list of their names?”
“No. They turn up, do their job, then go. Why would I need to know who they are?”
“Okay. And about the actual filming, what exactly are they asked to do?” Aiden asked.
“In what way?” Jerry asked.
“We’ve had information that suggests that they are asked to undress,” Aiden said.   
“Now, Aiden, it was Aiden wasn’t it?” Jerry asked, suddenly exuding charm and bonhomie. “You’re a man of the world I’m sure. We make advertising videos here. Pretty young girls who are prepared to take off their clothes tend to sell things, don’t they? We’ve also recently started to use the experience we’ve built up to broaden our horizons a bit, if you know what I mean. There is a wide demand out there, which we hope to fill. Nothing illegal you understand; just a small scale incursion into the adult videos market for the more discerning customer.”
Aiden looked uncomfortable. “Would you be able to let us have a few samples of anything that has been produced over the last month or so?”
“No, I don’t think we have any samples available. We wouldn’t keep anything that could be used by a competitor, would we?”
“Could we look around the place, Mr Markam? To see where the filming takes place.” Aiden asked
“Have you got a warrant?”
“No, but I didn’t think you would mind...”   
“I do mind. Peter has a very good name around here,” Jerry said pointedly. “He mixes with some very influential people here in Seaford. We wouldn’t want to do anything to spoil that, would we? I dare say if he were to be discredited in any way, some of his better-known associates would also run the risk of being tarred with the same brush. I should think that some of your seniors would be reluctant to see that happen.”
Aiden coughed uneasily before he spoke again.
“My colleague and I are here to complete our enquiries into a murder investigation,” he said. “If you have any information that will help us determine where the victim, Anna Cox, was in the week before she died then you should give it…”
Jerry interrupted him. “Look, sonny,” he said, “I have never seen Anna Cox or Gabriella Stevens. Neither of them has ever been here. You are in danger of getting yourself into trouble if you stray too far away from that simple fact.” 
He picked up the phone and asked Peter to come back in. 
“We are just finished here, I think,” he said. “The officers are happy that nothing has been happening here that they need to concern themselves over.”
“Good,” Peter said. “So you won’t need to return, will you?”
“If we do have any further questions, perhaps it would be more convenient for you to come down to the station,” Louise said. “That would save any further loss of production, wouldn’t it?”
No one answered this. 
They left the premises, escorted out by Peter, and for once there was a measure of agreement on the way back.
“What an arrogant sod that Jerry was,” Aiden exclaimed as soon as they were out of earshot. 
“I’m so glad you noticed,” Louise said, getting into the car. “I thought it was just me.”  
“No, it wasn’t just you this time. I ended up feeling quite sorry for Peter,” Aiden said. 
“Yes, so did I,” Louise said. “It seems that Jerry is very much in charge now, and is making some sort of bid for taking over the business. Would you believe the gall of some people? I wonder what gives Jerry such a hold over Peter? Perhaps he has something to threaten him with.” 
“No, I think he’s just one of those overbearing types. He almost threatened me, didn’t he? He called me Sonny and warned me off. How’s that for cheek.”
“You did very well, Aiden,” Louise said, instantly regretting sounding so patronising.
“Well, what do you think we should do now? I think reporting our concerns to the porn unit would be a good move, don’t you?”
“Yes, certainly,” Louise agreed. “Perhaps they’d also talk to the modelling agency, or keep an eye on it, at least.”
“Do you want to go there, Louise? Maybe we should ask them about their contact with P.J.’s, or if they’ve seen Anna.”
“We could try, but I don’t know if there’s any point. They’ve had too long to get rid of anything incriminating and to cover their tracks. They’ll say they’ve never seen her, and if they are involved in anything nasty at the factory, they are hardly likely to tell us about it, are they?”
“No, I suppose not, but we could go anyway. Just to get a feel for what sort of outfit it is. Do you know where their office is?”
“I do, as it happens,” Louise replied. “I got that information from Gabriella Stevens’ computer.”
“Oh,” Aiden said starting the car and pulling out of the car park. 
They turned up at the small shop at just after three o’clock in the afternoon. It was an unassuming place, the word Stars was on a four by six inch plaque on the door, but there was nothing else that would give a clue to the nature of the business running there.
The shop was shut, and the blinds were down, so they couldn’t see inside. There was no answer to their bangs on the door.
They got back in the car and sat for a minute to see if anyone turned up.
“Did you find a connection to Anna Cox as well?” Aiden asked, breaking the long silence.
“No, but I didn’t think to look at her computer until it was too late. Forensics have got it now. I don’t know what they’ve found. All I know for sure is that both girls were short of money, and they both had something coming up that they were going to miss out on due to lack of funds.”
“Is there a connection between this Stars agency and Knightly?”
“Not as far as I know, Aiden. Are you beginning to think that the infallible Inspector Radley, might actually be wrong?”
“No, no,” Aiden said. “I can’t believe a man of his experience would have missed something so important.”
“No,” said Louise. “I bet you can’t.”
They sat for a few more minutes in silence. This time Louise broke it.
“Do you know what he did to his hand?” she asked.
“He came off his motorbike, apparently.”
“I didn’t know he rode one. I’ve never seen it.”
“Neither have I.”
The next silent spell was broken by a girl, wearing the uniform of one of the local schools, who arrived and tried the agency door. Aiden and Louise got out of the car and went towards her.
“Hi,” said Louise. “Is this place due to open?”
“Dunno” the girl said. “It’s usually open now. I don’t know why it isn’t.” She rattled the door again and stepped back with a frustrated snort.
“Do you work here?” Louise asked.
“Not here. They send you other places.”
“Have you ever worked at a place in Seaford?”
“I’m not allowed to say. I’d lose my job.”
“Oh,” Louise said. “Only, we’ve just come from there. Do you know a man called Jerry Markam? Tall, thick beard, and wears sunglasses?”
“No, there’s no one like that there.”
“I thought that Jerry was in charge.”
“No, it’s a bloke called Jez. He hasn’t got a beard, and he hasn’t been there this week anyway.”
“Okay. Look, take a piece of advice from me, and don’t work with this lot anymore. They’re a bad bunch. Take my word for it.”
“Who are you?”
“We’re police officers,” Louise said, showing her warrant card. Aiden did the same.
“Get away from here and don’t come back,” he said. “Whatever they pay you, it isn’t worth it.”          
“I wasn’t going to do anymore, but they owe me money,” the girl said.
“How much?” asked Louise. 
“Forty pounds,” she answered.
Louise got out her purse and counted out fifty. “A bonus for you if you promise not to come back here,” she said, handing the money to the girl.
“Cool,” she said, grinning. “I won’t then. I’ll get a different job. Bye then.” She turned and skipped off down the road.
“Was that your own money?” Aiden asked.
“Of course. I’m not short. I just hope she does stay away. Come on, let’s go.”
“Okay. We haven’t found out much have we?”
“Actually I think we have,” Louise said, once they were in the car. “Jerry, or Jez hasn’t been at the factory until today, and then he was in disguise. Why do you think that was?”
“I don’t know…”
“Because, on Monday, I broke his nose.”
 “You did what?”
“He attacked me, and I broke his nose. That’s why he’s wearing dark glasses indoors. He’ll have bruises on his hand as well; hence the gloves.”
“Why didn’t you tell anyone?”
“Too much paperwork. And he was hurt, not me. I can look after myself.”
“But why did he attack you?”
“I think he heard me talking to the Knightly boy’s nurse. She’s certain he is innocent. And so am I.”
“Dear God, Louise, you certainly know how to stir things up, don’t you?”
“Some things need stirring up.”
“Well you be careful. And if you need any help call on me, won’t you?”
“I might just do that, Aiden,” she said.
She didn’t trust him enough yet to open up any further. Someone had put a brick through her window. Whoever it was must have got her address from one of her colleagues, and so far she had no idea who that person was.





Chapter Twenty two
                                              

Radley was hovering when Louise and Aiden arrived back. 
“Have you been at PJ’s all this time,” he asked, scurrying across to meet them, his face flushed and dripping with sweat. “God, what the hell must he think?” 
“No, no, we went on somewhere else…” Aiden said.
“Thank Christ for that,” Radley said, taking Aiden by the arm and steering him straight into his own office. “Come on, boy, tell me all about it.” 
Louise stared after them for a second or two, wondering what that was all about, but she had things of her own to do. She sat down at her own desk to phone Norma Osborne. Hardly had she introduced herself when she was shouted down. 
“What the hell do you mean, you silly woman? You want to ask questions about the murder our Neil supposed to have committed?  Haven’t you done him enough damage already? I know there’s been another murder, I read the papers, don’t I? And I’m not a bit surprised. The only surprise is that it’s taken this long to happen. This is what happens when you concoct a false case against the wrong person.” 
Louise wondered if she’s found a way to talk without needing to pause for breath. 
“You let a murderer go free when you locked my son away. And I’m sure that person has killed again, probably many times before he returned to his old haunts. If I’d wanted to talk about any similarities, I would have picked up the phone and got in touch, but what possible point would there have been? And what do you think my Neil could possibly have to say about the matter? Incarcerated these last fifteen years because of you lot of lying, incompetent, corrupt buggers that call themselves a police force. You can’t pin this one on him. You know that, don’t you? Beech Prison don’t let their inmates out willy-nilly. He’s got an alibi for this one in cast iron. Ask the governor at Beech where he was, why don’t you.”
The phone went down abruptly.          
I suppose I asked for that, she thought. What else was Norma likely to say? Hadn’t Bob said she would be hostile? Hadn’t he told her to check prison records and find out more about the son? 
Oh, well. With Radley and Aiden occupied, probably for the rest of the afternoon, she knew where she should be going next.”
Beech Open Prison was just under an hour’s drive away along pleasant country roads. With any luck, she would get there before it shut down for the night.
 Beech was a very different sort of place from the old Victorian Lewes prison. It had more the feel of a World War II army barracks than anything else, with its range of wide pathways and low level buildings. She spoke briefly to the guard in his cabin on the perimeter fence. It’s no wonder people liken them to holiday camps, she thought as she showed her warrant card and the one bar barrier that passed for a gate swung upwards to admit her. 
Governor Dickens was in his office, waiting for her. He must have been almost on the point of leaving when the officer on the gate had phoned through to say she was on her way. His briefcase was on his desk ready, and his jacket was lying on top of it. He was, however, completely unhurried as he welcomed her. He asked her to sit down, offered her a tea or coffee, and sat down opposite her, nodding attentively while she explained about the similarities between the Anna Cox’s murder and that of Barbara Jenkins. 
“I can see your concern,” he said. “Of course you can speak to Osborne. I must admit though, I think you are barking up the wrong tree. Neil Osborne hasn’t been outside the prison since he arrived here seven years ago. Let me tell you what I know about him.”
Louise nodded, “please do.” 
“Osborne is actually a bit of an enigma. For the most part, he is likeable and helpful. In many ways he is the ideal prisoner. He shows no signs of aggression. He makes friends easily and is respected by the other prisoners. 
“He came here with good reports from his last place, and he has made good use of his time in prison overall. He has used the education the system, eventually completing an Open University degree; no mean feat for someone who could hardly read or write when he arrived here. He has studied counselling and is both a trustee and a member of our advocacy service. That is, he’s someone from within the prisoner community who can be called on to help others who aren’t coping and need support. 
 “I was looking through his record before you arrived. It would seem that in the first few years of his sentence, when he was in the high security prison, things were very different. He was very young, of course, and younger prisoners often have the most difficulties. He was angry, outraged in fact, always declaring his innocence, and unable to accept his situation. There were several appeals but all failed as usual. I believe his parents were very active in getting public support and media coverage and the interest of a prominent barrister. Apart from raising false hope for Osborne and delaying his acceptance of, and assimilation into the prison system, they achieved nothing.
“After his last failed appeal, Osborne attempted suicide. This was a very genuine attempt; not attention seeking or a cry for help. He came very close to succeeding. He smuggled a knife out of the workshop and cut his throat. He lost a lot of blood and had to be transferred out for treatment. 
“This act had an effect on his parents. They realised that he ought to be encouraged to accept things the way they were and to keep his head down and see out his sentence. Also, all the activity and disappointment wasn’t doing Mr Osborne senior any good. He had started suffering from heart problems, and after a couple of heart wobbles, he died of a heart attack when his son was just four years into his sentence.
“At this point, Osborne seemed to make a conscious effort to change. He started working with the system rather than against it, calmed down, and gradually became the person we see today.”
“What surprised me, Mr Dickens, is that he hasn’t been released on licence yet. He would be eligible by now, wouldn’t he?” Louise asked.
“Yes, he is certainly eligible, but he is still holding onto an element of the anger and defiance that characterised the early years of his sentence. He refuses to discuss the murder he committed either with myself and my officers or the psychologists and probation officers that have attempted to work with him. 
“There must have been a motive for the murder, Miss Highcroft. We cannot be sure that he does not present a further danger to the public until we know what that motive was and that he is prepared to work with the experts on overcoming whatever urges prompted him to murder in the first place.” 	
“Oh. So he would be free by now if he came clean?”
“Possibly. We have to be very sure that a lifer is no longer a risk. In a random murder, like Osborne’s, with no robbery or personal relationship, one has to assume the motive was sexual. Until we know what exactly prompted it, we can’t be sure it won’t happen again. We can’t consider him safe.
“Unless Osborne starts to talk about his fantasies, about what thoughts excite him and what he feels entitled to do to others to satisfy himself, we can’t even start to decide whether he is safe or not. If he will work with us on learning to control his thoughts and impulses, we may be able to decide that the risks he presents to society are low enough to release him. On the other hand, it may never happen.”
“So there is currently still a risk that, if released, Osborne might repeat the crime he committed before?”
“We must, I’m afraid, assume that that is the case.”
“And Osborne has never left the prison?”
“No, he hasn’t had any home leave, or trial periods on the outside. We haven’t reached that stage yet, and unless something happens to break the current deadlock, we won’t.”
“But security here isn’t particularly stringent, is it? Can you be sure he has never got out for a short period?”
“This is the lowest category prison, Miss Highcroft. The prisoners are here because they can be trusted not to go walkabout. They all know how easy the regime is here in comparison to the higher security places, and they rarely abuse the privilege of being here for fear of being shipped straight back to where they came from. We have regular role-calls and dormitory checks. Osborne would not have achieved seven years with us if he had a tendency towards non-compliance with the regime.”
 Louise looked around the office with its shelves of academic books, potted plants and leather sofa. It occurred to her that Governor Dickens, as well as very talkative, might be being just a little bit too comfortably complacent. 
She saw Neil Osborne in a small interview room further along the corridor. Looking younger and fresher than she had expected, he stood up when she entered, sitting down again only when invited to do so, and after she had placed herself in the chair opposite him. The warden waited outside, clearly visible through the pane of reinforced glass.
Louise sat quietly for a moment, trying to sum up this so-called enigma. The man opposite her had a calm and polite exterior. His face expressing nothing, but she could almost feel the anger coming off him. And she could see it in the way he breathed a little too deliberately, and the tension in his hands as he put them on the table. 
Osborne spoke first.
“You phoned my mother, this afternoon,” he said. “If you’ve got more accusations to throw at me, I don’t want her involved.”
“Accusations of what, exactly?” Louise asked.
“She told me that a young girl has been killed, and you want to talk to me about it. She was worried, like she thought I was going to be fitted up for that one too. But you can’t accuse me because I’m in here. So what are you playing at? What do you want Mrs Police officer?”
“As your mother said, another girl has been killed and the body was found close to the place where you hid Barbara Jenkins,” she watched his face as she said this, but there wasn’t a flicker of emotion. “Being in here doesn’t put you in the clear, Osborne,” she continued. “I’m sure we both know how easy it would be for an inmate here to slip in and out unnoticed.”
“DNA me.”
“I intend to.”
“You won’t find anything that links me with this murder or Barbara Jenkins’.”
“You’re sure of that, are you? You could have been very careful on this last occasion, but I bet you weren’t the first time. DNA testing wasn’t being used then.”
“Careful, or simply not there, Mrs Police Officer.”
“Would you please, address me civilly?”
“Sorry, ma’am.”
“Louise will do.”   	
“Okay, Louise. Someone has confessed to the latest murder. I’d have thought you should be reopening the Barbara Jenkins investigation again to see if that person was guilty there too, not trying to implicate me again.”
“The person who confessed is mentally unstable. His confession therefore cannot be relied on, and he was a child of three when Barbara Jenkins was killed.”
“So look elsewhere. I can’t help you. I still don’t know why you’re here at all.”
“I think you can help us. There are too many similarities between both killings for them to be completely unrelated. Did you have an accomplice? Was someone else involved? You could have been be released by now, Neil, if you only spoke about what you did. About what happened all those years ago. Surely this is not the time to be protecting someone.”
“I’m not protecting anyone. I can’t tell you or anyone else about the murder. I wasn’t there. I didn’t do it, and I don’t know who did. I’ve stopped trying to clear my name, but I’m never going to admit to something I didn’t do. I’m not going to make something up so they think I’m safe to release. I didn’t do it, and that’s an end to it.” He stood up to leave.
“Please Neil, sit down again. I might be able to help you. If the murders are linked, it may help you if we get a conviction on the second one. DNA evidence will be looked at, and the case could be reopened. It may be the best, if not the only chance you have got of being cleared. Can’t you at least tell me how you came to be convicted?”
Neil hesitated. Louise thought he was about to sit down again, but he didn’t. He turned to her.
“Look, I haven’t got the patience for all this. See my mother,” he said. “She’s got all the information you could want. You can read the court papers, statements and everything. I’ll ring her and ask her to show you everything.”
He left the room and strode away. The officer outside popped his head round the door.
“All right, miss?”
“Yes, that’s it for the time being. Could you show me out?” 

Faye was in the kitchen preparing the evening meal when she heard the doorbell. It was quickly followed by Ellie’s high pitched voice calling that she’d get it. A moment or two later Ellie arrived in the kitchen, leading Louise by the hand.
“Oh, hello, Louise” said Faye. She dried her hands and attempted to shut an over full bin with her foot. “I thought it was one of the kids’ friends when she didn’t call me.”
“I’m sorry, she brought me straight through,” Louise replied, flushing slightly.
“Oh, no, don’t worry. I’d like to say we’re not always like this, but I am, in fact, the worst housewife in the world. Please sit down.” 
She pulled out a chair for Louise, and brushed the pair of knickers already on it to the floor.  
“Ah, a visitor,” Myles said, coming through from the dining room. “You must be Louise. I’ve heard all about you. As you’ve braved our chaotic kitchen, would you like a cup of tea, or a potato to peel or something?”
“Tea would be nice, thanks.” Louise said, smiling. “But I’m not too useful in the kitchen. I think I’ll have to leave the potatoes to you.”
“But you’ll stay for dinner won’t you?” Faye said. “We’ll be eating in a minute. It’s actually nearly ready, so you won’t have to peel anything. Myles was just teasing.”
Faye saw her eyes go to the good old-fashioned stew was simmering on the hob and the apple pie cooling on the side.  The young detective was definitely tempted.
“Oh no, I can’t do that,” Louise said. “I only called to give you a bit of an update. I wouldn’t dream of imposing on you like that.”
“I insist you stay,” Faye told her. “We’d all love to have you. It’ll give us all time to catch up on everything.”
“Well, if you are sure?”
“We’re sure. My wife always cooks too much.”
“Yes, I do,” Faye said. “You’ll be saving us from getting fat.” 
Myles took an extra place setting through to the dining room while Faye delved down the freezer for an extra packet of vegetables, hoping nobody would notice as she popped them in the microwave. 
“Right then, that’s settled,” Faye said. “We can have dinner with the kids, and then a leisurely chat about everything else afterwards.”  
“Thank you,” Louise said. “I was just going home to a ready meal and a quiet evening in with my cats. I really should get a life, shouldn’t I?”
“Sounds very civilised to me,” Faye said cheerily. “You might regret agreeing to stay. Family dinner at the Lovall household is not an experience for the faint hearted.” 
Sam and Ellie dashed towards the dining table, arguing about who was going to be sitting next to Louise. Myles pointed out that she had two sides, and arranged the seats accordingly which pleased both of them, and they were quickly in danger of over whelming her with questions about the police force. 
 “For heaven sakes, leave Louise alone,” Faye told them. “Give her a moment to eat her dinner, at least.”
“No, I don’t mind at all,” said Louise. “It’s nice that they want to talk to me. I like it, honestly.”
So the children chattered on throughout the meal, eventually leaving the table midway through their deserts, which they took with them, when they heard the opening music from a favourite television programme. 
“Thank God for the Simpsons,” Myles said. “From now on, our meal will be a whole lot more civilised. I think I’ll open a bottle of wine.”
“Oh, don’t worry; I really enjoyed meeting them.” Louise said, watching them disappear. “They are lovely children.”
“Thanks,” said Faye. “I hope you’re still saying that when you know them a bit better.”
“I’m sure I will,” said Louise.
Faye smiled.  “Well how did it go at P.J.’s?”
“Not well. We didn’t get much of a look round, they didn’t have any samples to show us, and both the people we spoke to emphatically denied Anna Cox or Gabriella had ever worked there.”
“So, a waste of time?”
“No entirely. Do you remember the tea garden where we chatted on Monday?”
“Yes.”
“There was a bloke using a tablet?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Well that was Jerry Markam, otherwise known as Jez, who runs the filming activities for PJ’s”
“Oh.”
“He was listening to our conversation, and he attacked me when I was walking back to the car.”
“Shit... Were you hurt?”
“No, he was. I broke his nose. Today he was wearing a false beard, sunglasses and heavy make-up, but it was definitely him.”
 “Did you challenge him?”
“No. I thought it would be best if he didn’t realise I recognised him. But the thing is, there can only be one reason he had a strong interest in our chat. He needs to stop the investigation going any further. He wants Christian to go down for the murder of Anna Cox.”
“Oh. But you can get a search warrant now, can’t you?”
“I’m going to have a damn good try, but it won’t happen until Monday, if it happens at all. Tomorrow I’ll have to persuade my inspector that it’s a good idea and put some sort of evidence together. It’s unlikely to go before the court until after the weekend.”
“It’s five days since Gabriella Stevens went missing,” Faye said.
“I know, but she’s still designated as runaway. It’ll take a week at least before Radley takes it seriously. He’s already said as much. It’s a mess, isn’t it?”
“Anna Cox was missing for three weeks and had been dead a fortnight when you found her?”
“Yes. Time’s running out,” said Louise. “And I feel as if I’m running round in circles, not getting anywhere.”
“So, what next?”
 “We have asked the obscene publications chaps to keep an eye out for anything coming out of Seaford. They’ve got the contacts, and they’ll be able to trace stuff through their known networks. If either of the girls we’re interested in feature in anything, we will be informed.”
“Good,” said Faye. “I phoned the hospital today. Christian’s still not properly conscious, but they say the operation was a success, as far as anyone can tell at this point. They were hoping to start bringing him round this afternoon. His dad’s pushing to move him to an NHS psychiatric unit because of his weakened physical state.”
“I’d heard that. The police are opposing it.”
 “Oh, God.”
“But there are some other interesting developments.” Louise said. 
She filled them in on Gabriella’s link to the Stars agency and her visit to Neil Osborne. 
“Can I come with you to see Mrs Osborne?” Faye asked. 
“Whatever for?” said Myles, looking up from the Sudoku that he had seemed to be engrossed in. “You’re a nurse, not a bloody detective. I’m sure Louise can find someone else to go with her.”
“I’ll be struggling actually. Mrs Osborne is an early riser, and she wants me to be there at eight thirty.”
“I can do that,” Faye said. “Myles is taking the kids to school, and I need to get out of the house, don’t I?”
“Oh, why?” Louise asked.
It was Myles who answered. “My parents are coming to collect the children. They always have them for the first week of the school holidays. They take them to their caravan on the Isle of Wight. We haven’t told them that Faye has been suspended.”
“They’ve never thought I was good enough for Myles,” Faye said, “so I’d rather not give them any more ammunition.”
“They’ll come here first to pick up the bags, and then they get the kids from school,” said Myles. “They’ve got their own keys.”
“So I’ll have to be out, pretending to be at work,” Faye said.     
“Hang on, though,” said Louise. “A nurse who is interested in the case from a completely different point of view might be able to coax her to talk to us a lot better than any of my colleagues. She was a bit hostile when I spoke to her earlier today.”
“I’ll have to tell her I’m not police, but if she’ll let me be there, then why not? I know more than anyone the sort of thing Christian’s been saying. If there’s anything that she knows about her son’s case that coincides with his version, well, it might help us and him.”   
“Look after my wife, if she’s going with you, Louise” said Myles. “She’s only just started to like me again. I don’t want anything going wrong now.”
“Myles! That’s personal. And anyway, I think I see far more dangerous people in my normal line of work than Mrs Osborne is likely to be.”
“It’ll all be fine,” said Louise. “Are you free tomorrow?”
“Sure,” said Faye.
“Right, I’ll ring her now,” Louise said looking at her watch. “Before it gets any later.”
Faye popped out of the room to check on the kids and hurry them into their pyjamas while Louise made the phone call.
“Right that’s all arranged. I hope Myles won’t worry too much,” Louise said, as Faye came back into the room.
“No, it’ll be fine,” Faye said.
“You’re really lucky to have such a good relationship, you two.” Louise added.
“I suppose we are,” said Faye, “It hasn’t all been plain sailing, as Myles said, but I guess all relationships have their ups and downs. How about you, Louise, do you have a significant other at the moment?”
“No. And to be honest I don’t think I ever will have now.”
“Why on earth do you say that, when you’re so young and pretty?”
“I work with a lot of men, and I find it very difficult to like any of them,” she said. “I don’t think they see policewomen as proper women, if you know what I mean. And I don’t meet many other people, except criminals.”





Chapter Twenty-three			


At eight thirty promptly the next morning, Louise and Faye arrived at Mrs Osborne’s neat little semi on the council estate on the northern edge of the town. 
She came to the door and looked the pair of them up and down.
“You’d better come in, then,” she said, and led them down the hall into the dining room. “Neil told me to let you in. I don’t know why. I don’t want the police poking around again. But as he asked, you’ve got half an hour.”
“I’m not from the police,” Faye said.
“Oh, so why are you here? Just a nosy parker?”
Louise glanced at Faye, but she showed no sign of having taken offence.  
“No. I’ve got a young friend who has been accused of a murder that I’m absolutely certain he did not commit. The body was found in almost the same place as the one your son is accused of killing.”
“Neil didn’t kill anyone. Let’s just get that straight.”
“I didn’t say he did.” Faye said. Louise decided to let her do the talking. “It was to help my friend that I wanted to come and see you, to see if there were any links between the two cases. You know better than anyone how awful it is when something like this happens, Mrs Osborne. My friend’s family are in a hell of a state, and he has been attacked in prison and is now in hospital, fighting for his life.”   
Mrs Osborne’s expression softened. Louise couldn’t help but admire Faye’s efforts to get this stony woman, on side, and it seemed to be working. 
“I won’t lie to you, Mrs Osborne,” Faye said. “We did think that there was just a chance that if your Neil had killed someone before, he may have done so again. I had no idea that his conviction was so controversial, or that he was still in prison. I quite understand if you want us to leave. But if we do find something that helps my friend, surely it would help Neil as well.”
Mrs Osborne studied them silently for a moment.
“No, don’t go,” she said. “It’s all right. If there’s anything I can do to help that other young man, then I will. I can’t blame you for not knowing anything about what happened to Neil, can I? And we’d have tried anything to get him justice all those years ago. The whole thing has destroyed us. There isn’t a day that goes past without me thinking about it. Sometimes I dream at night that he is here, and everything is normal, and it’s so vivid that when I wake up, for those first moments when you are on the edge of sleep, it feels as if none of this happened. But then reality takes over, and you feel this awful sadness all over again.
“I wouldn’t want anyone to go through what we went through. It killed my husband in the end, you know. Men aren’t as tough as women in some ways. He couldn’t cope with it at all. He was a broken man from the day they locked Neil up, and he died, still a young man, just a few years into Neil’s sentence.”  
 She paused and brushed away a tear.
“I’m so sorry, Mrs Osborne,” said Faye. 
“Norma,” said Mrs Osborne. “Call me Norma. So your friend is the chap who’s accused of killing Anna Cox, is he? I noticed at the time that she was found near the place Barbara Jenkins was. But at least she was found straight away, whereas poor Barbara’s body was laying there for a year and a half before it was found. A terrible thing for her family, that was.” 
“Yes, Anna’s body was found because Christian took the police to the spot. That’s how he came to be accused. He would have been little more than a baby when Barbara was killed, but we wondered if he’d seen something. He’s not a well person and can’t explain things properly, but he seems to be haunted by some memory or knowledge about that murder.”
“You think he saw something?” There was a spark of hope in her voice.
“We don’t know,” said Faye. “But if you know anything about the murder that would help us fill in the gaps, it would be very useful. But only if it’s not too much trouble; we don’t want to cause you any more distress.”
“No, that’s all right, love. I’m pretty much hardened to it all now. I’ll take you through the whole thing if you like, but it will take a bit of time. Tell you what, you and Louise,” she said, acknowledging Louise for the first time. “You can start by looking through the press cuttings while I make us some tea.” 
Norma opened the dark wooden sideboard and took out photo albums.
“Start with this one,” she said, passing them a box marked with the letter A. “It covers the search for the missing girl and the finding of the body. I went and got these from the newspaper offices after Neil was convicted. It seemed important to have all the stuff that had ever been said about the case when we were preparing for the appeal. The other two follow the court case and the appeal, which we lost, of course. I’ve got the transcripts somewhere as well.” She reached towards the back of the cupboard for two box folders. 
“You have a look through, but you need to be very careful; the paper is quite old now. Right I’ll go off and make that tea then,” she said, and left them to it.
“I’m so glad you came,” Louise whispered to Faye, as soon as they were alone. “I think she likes you. I would have got us thrown out within the first ten minutes.”
“Yes, but she’s really nice isn’t she underneath the frosty exterior. She’s had a really awful time. I hope we can uncover something that helps her son as well, if he is innocent that is, and it’s not just wishful thinking on her part.”
“I expect he’s as guilty as hell,” said Louise. “It would be too much of a coincidence if he wasn’t. The police must get it right sometimes, surely.”
“But if both murders, fifteen years apart, were committed by the same person, then it can’t have been Neil, any more than it could be Christian.”
“I still think they could both be down to Neil. Beech Prison isn’t very secure. Anyone can just walk in and out. I don’t think roll-calls and perimeter cameras would necessarily keep a determined murderer in.”
“If he was a ‘determined murderer’, he would hardly have waited fifteen years between. He had the opportunity to kill again in the time between Barbara going missing and him being convicted, and he’s been at Beech seven years. Why wait till now? That’s not the mark of a serial killer, is it?”
They broke off their hushed conversation and began looking through the yellowing newspaper cuttings. Norma Osborne had kept them in perfect order, starting with the report of Barbara’s disappearance. They found themselves looking into the smiling face of a pretty young girl, dressed in the fashions of a decade ago, a girl with delicate features, a slim figure and very long blond hair.      
“Good heavens,” said Louise.
“Yes,” said Faye.
“Of course, Christian could have seen these pictures at the time,” Louise said.
“What? When he was three? Though it is quite surprising what sticks in a child’s mind sometimes. It doesn’t prove anything yet, but let’s keep going. You don’t know what we’ll turn up.”
“And there’s nothing to indicate that she was very tall,” Louise said.
“Everyone’s tall to a three year old,” Faye said, “and I think everyone must be short to Christian now. He’d be hard put to find a girl taller than himself. And by the look of him, that’s probably been the case since he was about thirteen.”
“That’s true,” Louise said. 
The reports gave much the same information as the ones that had appeared in the papers after Anna’s disappearance. They described Barbara as a home-loving, popular girl, devoted to her parents who were certain that she hadn’t run away. There were appeals for information, and pictures of police making a fingertip search of several local beauty spots. Her boyfriend had been taken in for questioning and held for a few days, helping the police with their enquiries, but he was then released.
“I wonder where he is now,” said Faye. 
“Goodness knows, but he must have been investigated pretty thoroughly at the time, so I think we can rule him out.” Louise replied.
“Yes, but don’t you think he might just remember something useful?”
“Possibly. Perhaps that’s something else to follow up later. In the mean time, look at this.”
Louise was reading an account of the discovery of the body. 
“The body was found by a Mrs Susan Green, who regularly walks her dogs on the adjacent Downs. Look at this further down; the body was semi-clothed and the police took several loose articles of clothing away for examination. In addition to things that were clearly Barbara’s, there was a blood-stained child’s T-shirt, of the type worn by St. Richards’ school pupils for P.E. St. Richard’s is where Christian went to school, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it was.”
“Well I wonder what the police made of that find then,” said Louise.
“Nothing,” Norma replied, coming back into the room with the tea tray. “They lost it, and then they denied it had ever existed. It wasn’t investigated at all. I thought if they at least went to the school and tried to find out who it belonged to, it might help us. Neil had no links with that school at all, so why would he have it?  It had been stuffed inside her blouse, presumably so that she didn’t leave a trail of blood as the murderer rolled her off the path and down the slope. It didn’t fit into their neat little theory about Neil though, so the police were not interested in it at all.”
“That’s dreadful,” said Faye. “Did you try to bring it up at the appeal?”
“Yes, but we were made out to be the liars. The police said that such a piece of evidence never existed. They said they had logged everything that they had found at the site, and there was no T-shirt mentioned. They said the mention of it in the papers wasn’t evidence, and that the journalist had been mistaken, and we were trying to make something out of nothing. Besides, they had what they considered to be overwhelming evidence of Neil’s guilt, and they made out that everything else was irrelevant.”
“What evidence did they have?” asked Louise.
“The murder weapon was found in my son’s bedroom,” said Norma. “That’s a pretty damning piece of evidence, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is. How on earth did he account for it being there?” said Louise. 
“Neil wasn’t the brightest of kids,” said Norma. “He was a good boy, though, don’t get me wrong. He was just young for his age; a bit unwordly and trusting sometimes. The knife had been in his room for over a year. He said he’d picked it up on the way back from town. He’d met a mate for a drink or two, and then he’d taken a short cut home along the bridle path through the woods. It was very dark by then, of course, especially in those woods, and he remembers his boot striking something in the long grass, and kicking it out into the open ahead of him. 
“He picked it up out of curiosity and found it was quite a large hunting knife; the type you often see in the angling suppliers. Neil was a keen fisherman at that time, and he thought that a fellow angler must have dropped it on his way home. It would have cost a bit as well. Neil never had any spare money for his fishing stuff, so he thought it was his lucky day.  He assumed the blood on it was from their last catch, and he didn’t think it suspicious at all. ‘Finders keepers’ was all he thought, and that it would come in very handy next time he went down to the quay. 
“We were in bed when he got home, so he stashed it away in his room without mentioning it to me or his dad, or else we might have told him to report it and take it to the police station or something.” 
Her mind wandered. Louise and Faye exchanged a glance and waited. She brought herself back into the present with a shrug. “But I can’t really say that. Maybe we wouldn’t have thought anything of it either, and even if we had, maybe it would have made no difference. Turning up the day after a murder with the murder weapon would hardly have looked good either. I often find myself going over and over it all in my head, wishing we had done something or other to stop all this from happening. Hindsight is a wonderful thing.” She tailed off, while Louise and Faye kept a respectful silence.
“Next day he got the letter he was waiting for to go into the army. Then he was so taken up with getting ready to go and saying goodbye to everyone that the knife never came into his mind. He was hardly home for the next year and a half, so the knife never got used for fishing. It just stayed slung on top of his wardrobe, next to the bag where he kept his fishing gear. I never saw it when I went in to clean the room, not right up there, and I reckon he’d forgotten all about it. You could see on his face when the police found it that he had no recollection of it being there at all.”   
“And how did the police come to find it?” Louise asked.
“When they found Barbara’s body, nearly eighteen months after she disappeared, Neil was back on leave from the army. There was a lot of publicity about the murder, and appeals for information, but still he didn’t think of the knife. Anyway, he was visiting a friend one evening. A lot of his old school friends had gone a bit wild after they left school. This one, Kevin, was unemployed and was well known for getting into trouble. Nothing really bad, you understand, just petty theft from shops and a bit of house burglary. I didn’t like Neil visiting him but he would go. 
“I thought we had got him away from these friends of his getting him involved in trouble when he went in the army, but obviously not. Kevin had been involved in something the night before, and the police had got wind of it. They went to search his place while Neil was there. They looked in his garage and attic and his dad’s garden shed, and they found enough stolen goods to open a small shop.  
“Being there, and being a friend of Kevin’s, put Neil under suspicion, so they came to search our place in case he was storing stuff for Kevin, or was involved himself. Neil didn’t mind at all. He had nothing to hide. So he showed them in, full of confident bravado and helpfulness, and invited them to search. 
“That’s when they found the knife on top of Neil’s wardrobe.” She paused before continuing in her usual matter of fact manner. “He’d forgotten it was there, you see. And his dad and me, well, we’d never seen it before at all.  
“So there you have it. He had no alibi for the time she was attacked, and he had the murder weapon, so the police stopped looking at any other possibilities, and he was charged with murder.”
Louise and Faye set about going through the enormous amount of paperwork. Apart from the newspaper cuttings that Norma had kept, she had also acquired all the committal papers and the statements that were the basis of the police evidence that formed the prosecution’s case in court. She also had the entire transcript of the three-week long trial and all the letters that had gone back and forth to the solicitor concerning the appeal.
All in all, it amounted to an archive that formed as comprehensive an account of the trial as anyone could wish for, and far too much to get through in one session. Faye and Louise skimmed through the papers, occasionally stopping to read a document more thoroughly or to comment on something of particular interest. Faye was becoming increasingly animated as she noticed discrepancies and contradictions, which to her mind could have helped to prove Neil innocent years ago. Louise, however, was getting steadily more and more depressed.
Norma kept them supplied with refreshments, sometimes stopping to go over a point with them, or to explain some idiosyncrasy of the law that prevented them using something that they knew would have helped at appeal.
“I wouldn’t spend too much time on that one, dear,” she said to Louise, noticing that she was paying particular attention to a police statement, as she arrived to take the cups away. “If you’re looking for the truth, you won’t find it there. Biggest liar of the lot, that one. He wouldn’t know the truth if it got up and bit him.”
She left them, bustling off to the kitchen again. Faye glanced at Louise, who seemed to be reddening slightly as she struggled with some deep emotion.
“What is it?” she asked, puzzled.
“It’s part of the transcript; the senior investigating policeman’s evidence in court. He was cross examined quite closely it seems, and some of his answers do seem to be a bit contradictory, certainly at odds with Norma’s version of what happened here, at this house. Listen to this, in answer to a question about the defendant’s demeanour on the day the police went to search his house. ‘Neil Osborne was very nervous and shifty looking. He stood right in front of the wardrobe in his room when we went in there. It seemed as if he only expected us to take a cursory look round because he became increasingly agitated when we looked into drawers and cupboards. I had to ask him to move when we needed to go through the wardrobe, and this he did, most reluctantly. I seem to remember him making a comment along the lines of ‘you won’t find anything there guv.’ I asked him what he thought we were looking for, and he shrugged. Then one of my officers reached on top of the wardrobe and found the knife. It had been pushed right to the back and hidden underneath a suitcase.’ A bit different from Norma’s account isn’t it.”
“Yes of course it is. You would expect the police to give it all they’ve got, wouldn’t you? Some of the other stuff is so contradictory. Louise, I think some of the police must have been telling lies or embellishing the truth for at least some of the time. Don’t you?”
“Yes, I suppose so,” she said gloomily. “I suppose it’s a conflict of interests for me. I am a policewoman after all, and would like to think that they get it right occasionally at least. And the person whose evidence I just read to you was my father.”
“Oh,” was all Faye could manage to say in reply for a second or two while they sat looking at each other.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t even know your father was in the police force,” she added when the pause was in danger of getting embarrassing. “Is he still working, or has he retired?”
“Neither, he’s dead. He died in the line of duty, as they say.”
“I’m so sorry, I had no idea.” Faye said. 
Louise looked blankly at the papers in front of her and then at Faye again. “Look. Can we clear up and leave? I really have got a bit of thinking to do before I go any further on this.”    
“Sure. Norma will let us come back again if we want to, I should think.” Faye replied.
They tidied up hurriedly, made their excuses, and left.
Norma showed them out. “I wish you good luck in helping your friend. He’s a very lucky young man to have people that’ll go to all this trouble, isn’t he,” she said. “I hope he appreciates it, that’s all.”

						
Faye sat in the car with a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. If Louise pulled out now, what hope would there be for Christian? There was precious little as it was, but without Louise… 
Louise was driving back towards town, somewhat recklessly to Faye’s mind, when she came to a halt by a group of houses four set back from the road main road, but with a small side road along the front of them. 
“Until two years ago, this was a parade of shops,” Louise said. “That one was a Post Office before they were converted to housing. Look at that.” 
She pointed to a black shiny disk in the pavement. It looked a bit like a cover on an old-fashioned coal-hole, Faye thought blankly, but then she noticed the engraved letters.
“See,” Louise said. “That’s there to commemorate my dad. The money for it came from a collection from his colleagues, and from the people who ran these shops.”
They sat looking at in silence. Faye searched her mind for something to say. ‘That’s nice’ and ‘you must be very proud’ presented themselves as possible options, but in the end, she just sat waiting for Louise to speak again.  
“How can I be the one to dishonour his memory?” she asked. “If I go ahead and trash the case against Neil Osborne, the case that made his name, that got him noticed as a first class detective, won’t that be a betrayal of his memory? What will all his friends think? There are still a number of them working. My name would be mud. But that apart, can I live with doing that to him? It all seemed so simple before we went to see Norma. Now I really don’t know if I can carry on. I’m sorry, Faye, but I’m really going to have to think about this.”
“Do you think Neil is guilty?” asked Faye. 
“Quite honestly, I don’t know what to believe.” Louise answered. “I just know that at the moment I don’t want to go any further. I don’t want to find out my father was a bent cop, and I really can’t believe he was. I want to be able to be proud of him and of who I am. Let me think about things for a bit. I’ll ring you, okay?”   
Faye could do nothing but agree with this sympathetically and with understanding, despite it being a sad disappointment.





Chapter Twenty four


It was ten thirty when Faye was dropped off at her own house, which was still too early to go in if she wanted to avoid the in-laws. 
She was grateful that for at least one week of the school holiday, childcare was covered. Ellie and Sam really looked forward to it, but Myles’s parents wouldn’t understand about her being suspended, and Faye was still too sensitive about it herself to be able to tackle their questions.   
The attack on Christian had happened on Wednesday, forty-eight hours ago now. She knew that Alan and Alison had been at the hospital ever since, so maybe they would appreciate the chance to go home for a few hours. Especially as all the indications were that Christian would make a full recovery. In fact, the chances were that now he was out of the medically induced coma after the surgery, he might actually be able to hold a conversation.  
Faye took the road up through Lewes and on to the hospital in Haywards Heath where the county’s neurological unit was based. 
Alan noticed her coming down the ward and came to meet her.
“Nice to see you, Faye,” he said. “We were just talking about you. Excellent timing as usual; if you hadn’t turned up today, I was going to ring and ask you to come.”
“Were you? Why’s that? Do you have any worries about Christian?”
“Not worries exactly. Only, since Christian started to regain consciousness, he’s been talking a lot. He’s talking about the murder. Not the one he’s accused of; he never mentions that. It’s the other one, the delusional one, where he talks about a tall, golden-haired woman.”
“Is it upsetting him?”
“Not as much as before. It’s as if he’s accepted it somehow. I didn’t know what to say to him. I thought you might be able to make some sense of it. Maybe he needs to be back on medication. I don’t want the voices to come back.”
“Is he on any tablets now?”
“Not psychiatric ones but lots of others. They’ve put him on antibiotics, steroids and anticonvulsants to stop him having problems after surgery. I brought the old medication boxes in too; should I get it written up for him?”
“Not if he’s doing all right in terms of his psychosis. Not yet anyway.”
“But he’s talking about the murder. That’s his main psychotic feature.”
“Tell you what, I’ll have a chat with him and see what I think.”
“But the murder didn’t happen. You still think that, don’t you?”
“I don’t think Christian killed anyone, Alan, but there may be other explanations for the things he’s saying.” 
 “Okay. Go easy with him, though,” he said with a strange hesitancy in his voice. Then he added more confidently; “But I know you know your job. Forgive a father’s concern. While you’re doing that, I think I’ll take advantage and go and have a break myself. They do a very mediocre lunch in the café downstairs, but it’s surprising what you can get used to eating.”
Faye greeted Christian cheerfully, trying to ignore the two surly prison warders who were attached to him by a long chain.
“Dad brought you up to speed on everything, did he? I’m getting better I think, Faye. Is that what he said?”
“Yes Christian. He’s very pleased with the way you’re getting on. You’ve been very lucky though; you must be made of some really tough stuff somewhere or other.” 
“So they tell me, but I didn’t know anything about any of it until I was out of the woods. Now, as far as I’m concerned, those chaps did me a favour. It was horrible in that place. An absolute nightmare. Now I’m out, and I might not be going back. If I get moved to a psychiatric hospital it would be an improvement, wouldn’t it? Even if it is a locked ward?”
“Yes, I should think so. Anyway, you do seem remarkable well,” Faye said. 
“Yes, I think I am. They say I can keep the curtains closed if I don’t like watching things going on around me. The nurses seem to think these wardens being here might embarrass me, but I’m not at all. And at least they are keeping me safe, like a bodyguard really. I should think that all the people out there in Seaford and beyond must be after my blood right now, and how can anyone blame them?”
“You mustn’t worry about that. I’m sure it’s just a matter of time before the truth comes out.”
“Did they ever find that other girl? The one the police woman asked me about?”
“No, not yet.”
“Oh. That’s so sad.”
“It is Christian. If you could tell us anything that might find her, you’d speak up wouldn’t you?  
“God yes, of course I would. I feel so bad, when people are being nice to me. I have done something awful some time, and if I did anything to that girl, then I deserve to die too, don’t I?”
“Christian, do you have any memories at all about Anna Cox?”
“No.”
“Do you know how you came to be able to find the body?”
“Yes. That’s the strange thing. I’m remembering more about the old murder. It was that that made me want to go up that path. All the time I was walking up there, things were swirling round in my head about that murder.”
“Are you happy to talk to me here?” Faye asked nodding towards the two prison officers, who had hardly acknowledged Faye’s arrival and seemed engrossed in a silent game of cards.
 “Yes, of course I can. They’re the least of my worries really, aren’t they?”   
“Well that’s a very healthy attitude, I suppose. It’s good to see you coping so well. It really is.”
Christian smiled. “Perhaps the bang on the head did some good,” he said. “I just wish I knew what happened to Anna Cox, and I wish I could help the police find Gabriella Stevens. God, I hope she’s still alive.”
“Christian, there’s a good chance that they had nothing to do with you.”
“I hope not. If I get any memories about either of them, I’ll tell everyone straight away.”
“I know you will,” Faye said. 
 “I want to tell you about the other one. The tall blond girl. You remember?”
Faye nodded. She remembered well enough. She was almost certain now that she could give a name to that girl, and fill in a lot of the gaps herself.
Christian closed his eyes briefly to focus himself. Faye saw his face tighten and his posture change as he started to put himself back in the horrible and terrifying event that he wanted to describe. 
“I still see the knife in my hand. It’s a great big knife, thick and chunky with a blade that sort of curves slightly. I’ve been really trying to get hold of what happened before that though, and what I think I remember is chasing someone. Not being chased, but crying and chasing someone. He’d got something of mine, and I knew I would be in trouble if I didn’t get it back.” A look of confusion flashed across his face. “He had told me to wait where I was. They had gone on. But then he came back and took something out of my bag. I tried to stop him but he ran off.”
“Do you know what he took?” 
“No, but I knew I’d be in trouble...”
“Go on, Christian.” 
“I couldn’t catch him up at first, but I knew where he was going, so I just kept going and then when I got there, I wanted to run away again.”
“What did you see?”
 He shook his head.
“I couldn’t run away. I just stood there. The girl was on the ground.”
“Did you know who she was?”
“She was nice. A kind person. It made me very sad. I didn’t want her hurt.”
“Did you know her name?”
“I don’t know. I can’t remember it now. The man... he was always scary. I didn’t like him. He shouted at me and then grabbed my arm. He forced me down next to her and said those things I’ve heard in my head such a lot.”
“Oh, Christian,” said Faye. “Why didn’t you speak out at the time?”
“I don’t know.” Christian said, his expression clear and untroubled, but desperately unhappy. “I didn’t kill her. She was already dead, but he wanted me to think I’d done it so I wouldn’t tell on him.”
“And you never told.”
“No. I remember being ill for a while, sleepy and confused. I didn’t see my dad for a few days, so he must have been away working. I was sure that it would be very bad for Dad if I spoke about it. Dad would go away, like Mummy did, and my Nana.”
“Who looked after you when your dad was away?”
“Sometimes it was Nana or the lady who came and cleaned for us. I don’t remember anyone else.”
“What about Penny? Did she look after you?”
Christian’s face clouded, and he put a hand up to his dressing.
“Are you in pain, Christian? Shall I get a nurse?” Faye asked. The wardens both looked up.
“No,” he said. “I felt giddy for a second, but I’m alright now.” 
“Christian, can I ask you just one more question? Have you any idea at all who he was? The man you saw? Did you know him at all, or was he just someone you bumped into on the way home from school, or from playing? It’s very important.”
“No. I don’t remember any more at all. I have the feeling I knew him well. He used my name a few times.” 
“Okay, that’s fine. That’s as far as we should go until you’re much stronger.”
“No, I want to get to the bottom of it now. I still think that there’s some awful knowledge lurking about inside my head that won’t come out. If all this did happen, then I’ve got to remember it, haven’t I? Or some killer is free, and Anna Cox’s family don’t know what happened to their daughter, and the other girl will be killed too.”
“No, Christian. You have got to look after yourself. Don’t put yourself under too much pressure too soon.”
“I think it would help me a lot to get it straight in my head. It would take the pressure off. Can’t you help me do that?”
Faye gave it some thought. He was still her patient, and the last thing she wanted to do was make him worse by pushing him to recall facts he couldn’t handle. But, as he said, it was important to many other people’s futures as well as to his own, especially Gabriella Steven’s. And maybe Christian’s freedom depended on what he could remember. 
“Tell you what, Christian,” she said. “Why don’t you get your father to bring in all those old photos. You first had this memory when you were looking at photos, so perhaps it’ll trigger of something else. But be careful. A bit at a time, that’s all. I’ll come in again in a few days time and see if you’ve come up with anything. How about that?”
“Okay, I’ll try that. But no, I can’t. Dad threw the whole lot away after the last time.”
“What about asking your Nana what she’s got? You don’t have to have loads; just one or two of you at various different ages. See what you remember happening at that time; the good as well as the bad.”  
“And you’ll come back in a couple of days?”
“Yes. I promise I will,” she said.





Chapter Twenty five                                


Louise arrived back at the station after her visit to Mrs Osborne expecting to have to account for her absence to Radley, but the office was deserted. 
There was a note on her desk saying that Joyce Stevens had phoned and wanted her to phone back ASAP. Louise phoned straight away, but the spark of hope she couldn’t help but feel was smashed to pieces as soon as she heard Joyce’s voice.
“You didn’t ring last night,” Joyce said. “Don’t forget about us. Please don’t abandon us, like everyone else.”
“Oh, Joyce, I’m sorry. I was just busy all yesterday, and that’s why I didn’t ring. I was out late seeing people who might be able to help us. I haven’t abandoned you. I can assure you of that.”
“Thank God. You’re my only hope... And when you didn’t ring back this morning...”
“I’ve only just got into the office, Joyce. I phoned as soon as I picked up your message. I was out first thing, seeing someone else who might have information.”
“What kind information? Are you getting closer?”
“It’s too soon to say,” Louise said. “I’m following up lots of different leads. Eventually it’ll all come together, and we’ll find her.”
“But will she be alive?” Joyce asked. “It’s been a week... Oh God I couldn’t bear it if... if it’s like that other girl...”
“All I can say is that I’m doing my very best, Joyce, and we’ve got to believe in a positive outcome.”
“I’m struggling…”
“I know. Joyce, is your neighbour still coming in?”
“Yes, she’s here now. She’s the only thing keeping me sane. Her and you, Louise. If I start to panic or sink into despair, I think of you, out there searching. That’s why I got so upset when you didn’t ring last night. I don’t mean to be a nuisance.”
“You’re not a nuisance, Joyce. It was thoughtless of me. Ring whenever you like. And I won’t give up, I promise you.”
How could she have ever thought of doing such a thing?
She wandered out to the front desk to see if Bob knew where everyone had got to.
“They’ve gone to Court, Lulu,” he said. “Christian Knightly’s got another bail hearing today. As always, Radley wanted a good turn-out. So you’re on your own until lunchtime, I should think. Possibly even later if there are any delays at court, or if they decide to celebrate their success with a swift half in the Legal Eagle.”
“That’s frustrating,” Louise said. “I was hoping to get Radley to let me apply for a search warrant on PJ’s. I’m sure they have something to do with the missing girl.
“Do you think so? Radley was fairly certain that she’d run away and would be back of her own accord eventually. What makes you think that there’s more to it than that?”
“I’ve spoken to her mother and her school, and I’m very worried. Please don’t tell me I’m being over emotional, because I know I am not. PJ’s use an agency called Star’s, which is an agency Gabriella Stevens was interested in working for. They denied ever seeing her, but I think they are lying.” 
“Then you’re probably right. I respect your instincts, Louise. Your father had all the right instincts as well, you know, and I think you’ve inherited them.”
“It’s not instinct, I don’t think. I think it is judgement based on knowledge of how people react,” Louise said.  
“That’s what I meant,” Bob replied. “I was giving a compliment, not putting you down. Your father could get inside people’s heads too.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, realising she’d got into a bit of a mood. “I’m so cross with Radley not taking this more seriously, but I shouldn’t take it out on you, Bob.”
“No worries. If you can’t take your frustrations out on your dad’s oldest friend, then who can you?”  
“Was Dad a good cop?” Louise asked, after a pause. “Would he have put anyone behind bars if he thought that person was innocent?” 
“No, he would never do that, Louise. Whatever makes you suggest such a thing?”
“I went to see Norma Osborne. She is convinced her son is innocent.”
“Aren’t all mothers?”
“So there’s no doubt at all in your mind?”
“Ah, well that case was very difficult,” Bob said. “You remember I said I wasn’t very happy with the outcome? Neither was your father completely happy. We all thought that the Osborne boy was involved in some way, but not alone. He was either protecting an accomplice, or he knew who the actual murderer was, but we couldn’t break him down. In the end it was taken out of our hands anyway. The higher-ups decided there was enough to take him to court, and there certainly was that. But it left a nasty taste for both of us. I actually went back to beat policing as a result of that case, but your father was more ambitious. He helped them to secure the conviction, and whether Neil Osborne only took a minor part in the murder or not, he took the whole rap. 
“As the years went by and Osborne continued to protest his innocence, I know your father’s doubts grew, but it was too late to do anything about it. He was very careful after that, your dad. He never got caught up again with anything involving half-truths and innuendo. He needed absolute rock solid evidence before he took anyone to court.
“I don’t doubt that Osborne is guilty, though, or knows who was guilty. He had the knife, so he must be guilty. What your dad didn’t like at the time was being told to add stuff to statements to make Osborne look even more guilty. That shouldn’t have been done. Or being asked to make him look like a liar by twisting his words, so that he would lose all credibility in court. It should have been left for the jury to decide on what we knew for certain, not all these little extra bits to help them. Though I don’t doubt that the outcome would have been the same at the end of the day. 
“I didn’t like the methods C.I.D used to get that conviction, and neither did your dad. I got out, and he stayed in. He thought he could change things better from within. Keep his own counsel and raise standards of fairness, if you like. And I think for the most part he did succeed in that,” Bob said, with a distant look in his eyes and a smile. “He was a tarter for not adding your own slant on the evidence and for sticking to the absolute truth and the letter of the law. He made enemies over it, but he didn’t care.”  
“So, Dad did have some doubts about Neil Osborne’s conviction all along?”
“Not about his guilt, though the young fellow did come across as a bit too soft, squeamish like, to have done it on his own. He didn’t like the methods used to get the conviction. A lot of it was a simple matter of discrediting Osborne so that the jury believed us not him. 
“On the whole, you see, his story was just as believable as the police version of events. He could have found the knife in the way he said he did, but it all seemed too much of a coincidence to us. And when you’ve got no other leads and nothing much to go on, you make as much of what you have got as you can. It’s human nature isn’t it? It was a high profile case, one where you need a conviction, and we didn’t want Neil Osborne getting away with it just because our case was weak. As time went by, and the boy was still saying he was innocent, I know your dad did wonder about it sometimes. It played on his mind, as it were. It certainly coloured the way he dealt with other cases later in his career.”
“What do you think dad would make of it if Neil Osborne was cleared now?”
“He’d be pleased. He was a great one for fairness, your dad. He would feel guilty about what happened all those years ago, but then, I think he always did feel a bit guilty about it. He learnt from it, though. He changed; he got stronger and never let himself be pushed into that position again. It was all a very long time ago, Louise, when we were both young. Why are you asking about it now?”
“I think there might be a connection between the murders of Barbara Jenkins and Anna Cox and the disappearance of Gabriella Stevens.” She noticed Bob’s expression change to one of long suffering disbelief. “The fact that both bodies were found in the same place, and the method of killing was the same means they must be linked, surely. I don’t think Christian Knightly killed anyone. I think Neil Osborne took the blame for someone else, and the killer is still out there. That’s why I’m so worried for Gabriella.”
“So what are you going to do?” Bob asked.
“Right now, I think I’ll go and see Neil Osborne again. Now I’ve seen the stuff at his mother’s, I think I’m starting to think he has suffered a miscarriage of justice. If I tell him that, with one girl already murdered in Seaford and another one possibly at risk, if he knows anything at all he might be prepared to tell us now. Anyway, I can’t sit around doing nothing all day waiting for Radley to get back. Mrs Stevens is frantic. She’s already been on the phone, and I can’t tell her we are just going to wait and see, can I?

The road back to Seaford took Faye past Lewes High Street and the model agency that P.J. printing dealt with. She found it easily enough in what was probably at one time a small sweet shop or similar. The display windows on either side of the frosted glass door were now curtained off in a soft creamy material that completely hid the interior from view.
The only indication that it was the place she was looking for was the name ‘Stars’ above the door. There had been no attempt to advertise what sort of business was running there. Not big on attracting passing trade then, thought Faye.      
She tried the door but found it locked. There wasn’t a list of opening times, so Faye popped into the music shop next door to see if they knew when there might be someone about.
“Usually mid-afternoon.” the young man behind the counter said. “Most of her clients are school age, so I suppose there’s no point her being there all day. Sometimes she shuts again after a half hour or so.”
“Okay. Do you know the name of the woman who runs it?”
“No, she’s not very friendly. She might be called Penny. Some of the girls come in here, a lot,” he said, blushing slightly. “It’s a name I’ve heard them mention.” 
Faye guessed that a good-looking chap like him would attract the attention of teenage girls. “So that’s good for business, is it?” she asked, amused by his obvious discomfort.
“Sort off, I suppose. They never seem short of money, at least.”
A customer came in, so Faye thanked him and left. 
She checked her watch. It was two o’clock. She popped into the book shop opposite and bought a paperback. There were a number of coffee shops along the high street, so Faye went into one that had a good view of Star’s. She ordered a tall latte and sat at a window seat reading and keeping her eye out for any movement.
An hour and a half and two lattes latter, she looked up to see the door closing behind the short stout shape of a woman. After all that waiting, she’d almost missed her.
Faye gave it a moment or two, so as not to raise suspicion, and then crossed over to Stars.         
She went in and found herself in an elaborate foyer area with a counter and a bell to ring for attention. 
A neat, heavily made up woman of about fifty came through from a back room in answer to Faye’s ring. 
“What can I do for you?” she asked, looking Faye up and down rather dismissively.
“I wanted to talk about modelling work.”
 “We usually only deal with much younger girls than yourself, I am afraid.” 
Faye smiled. This second brush off in a few days was amusing rather than hurtful, but there was definitely something about this woman that she didn’t like. Faye found she didn’t mind leading her on a bit. 
“It’s my daughter,” she said. “She’s interested in becoming a model. She’s quite pretty, but I thought I needed to know a little more about it before letting her come down herself.”
“Do you have any pictures of your daughter?”
“Not with me. I just feel I need to know a little more about what she would be expected to do, and where she might be asked to go.”
The woman studied her for a moment.
“There is plenty of work available at present, but really I would have to see the girl before I decided what was most suitable. We have girls who have been involved in all aspects of filming, television advertisements and in photography for mail order catalogues. It often means travelling up to London or further afield, and a parent must accompany the young person. It involves a lot of work for parents, as you can imagine.”
“So at what age do you think they can go off on their own, if the work were local for instance?”
“They should always be accompanied, and we don’t have any local work at present.”
“Oh. I thought I had heard that you provided models for something that PJ Printing are doing. Is that not the case then?”
“No, I have never heard of them. It must be some other agency with a similar name,” she said. “I’m actually very busy right now. Perhaps you could return at a later date, with your daughter, if you decide you want to take things any further.”
As Faye turned to go, a group of schoolgirls burst into the office, laughing and chatting. They dropped their bags in a pile before approaching the counter, all talking at once.
“Hiya. Mrs Marky.” 
“Got any biscuits? I’m starving”
“You wouldn’t believe what happened in English today! Sir was such a git! You wouldn’t believe it.”
“Give us a ciggy, Pen; I’m all cleaned out.”
The woman looked a little strained.
“Give me a moment girls: this lady is just leaving,” she said, giving Faye a broad and somewhat false smile. “Now you will come back to me, won’t you? Goodbye for now.” She ushered Faye out of the door.  
Faye made her way home. Seaford was bustling with shoppers. School children were going home, and the start of the rush hour was evident as commuters flooded out of the station. Held up in the traffic that tended to build up where the road narrowed to cross the ancient bridge over the river that ran through the centre of Seaford, Faye gazed across the town and down the river out to sea beyond. 
It was a lovely part of the country, and it was the place where she had grown up. There was a familiarity and safeness about it; a wholesomeness that she had always taken for granted. Right at that moment, she felt she could really sympathise with Louise. It was hard to suddenly be confronted with the seedy, unpleasant side of life, to have circumstances overthrow all your comfortable assumptions about your world and expose a side of it that’s so ugly and distasteful.
How much harder it must be if it was something unacceptable within your own family that was being thrust under your nose. Faye could understand why Louise had walked away that morning.
	





Chapter Twenty-six


  Neil Osborne sat opposite Louise in the interview room at Beech Prison, shaking his head.
“If I could help you, I would,” he said, “but I really can’t. I know you find this hard to believe, but I didn’t kill Barbara Jenkins, and I have no idea who did. I seriously don’t believe it was anybody I knew. Kevin and some of the other lads got up to all sorts of mischief when they were young, but these were offences against property and not people. 
“Kevin keeps in touch. He still feels it’s his fault that I’m in here, and he’s got a point. The police would never have been in my house if it weren’t for him. But there you go. None of us could have guessed what would happen. And of course, it changed poor Kev completely. He is a very upstanding member of the community now. He lives in London, and he’s got a good job and a couple of kids and does a lot of charity work with ex-offenders.
  “It’s been very hard on my mum, me being in here,” he said. “I wanted some of the boys to visit her. I thought that would help, but she won’t see them. She wants me to make a confession, to play the remorseful reformed character and get out of here, but I can’t bring myself to do that. I’m still sure that one day the truth will come out. With modern forensics and everything, surely there’s some hope that I could be cleared? Lot’s of people have been, haven’t they?”
“Yes, they have.” Louise answered. “And I wish you luck, I really do. Perhaps these latest events in Seaford might turn up something to your advantage. Who can say?”
Louise left the prison no further forwards at all. Neil had been easier to talk to this time, and she felt sure he would have helped if he could. If anything, it now seemed even more pressing that she should find out more about the case that had convicted him. She regretted having left Norma’s so abruptly. Maybe, if she had stayed, something else might have jumped out at her. Something that might shed some further light on what happened all those years ago. Or even something that might prove a link between Alan and Christian Knightley and Barbara Jenkins. 
On the way back to Seaford, she came off the bypass and took the road that led through the centre of Lewes to the Police headquarters, and she made her way to the area in which the force archives were kept. The last time she had been in this building was early in her two-year probationary period when, along with a group of fellow new recruits, she was given the official guided tour.
She reached department she needed, and asked, in her most authoritative manner if she could have access to the documents and exhibits she wanted to see.
Louise hadn’t expected any surprises from the material stored there, and initially nothing jumped out at her. It seemed as though the papers relating to the case were purely the originals of everything she had already seen at Norma Osborne’s house. She flicked through hurriedly, aware that time was pressing. Radley would be out of court by now and wondering where she was. Then her attention was caught by a number of old memos stapled together. They appeared to form a written exchange between the forensics laboratory and one of the detectives involved in the case. 

Fred Barnes. Forensic Officer. to D.I. Tomlinson.
Re. Childs white and blue sports top. 
Do you want blood grouping tests carried out on this item?
								
D.I.Tomlinson to Fred Barnes.
Re Childs sports top.
That doesn’t seem necessary at this point. All the blood is likely to be the victims.

Fred Barnes to D.I. Tomlinson. 
Re Childs sports top.
May be able to get other evidence to link to suspect, though unlikely after all this time. Do you want us to go ahead with this?

D.I. Tomlinson to Fred Barnes.
Re. Childs sports top
No need at present. Got enough for court without. Hang on to it for the time being, thanks. 

Fred Barnes to D.I.Tomlinson
Have no facilities to store. Returning this item to Seaford Police Station by courier.
 
Louise put the papers back into the folder and went to the box of exhibits used in court. The knife was there, well wrapped and preserved, and a number of photographs, mostly of the murder site and the body before it was moved. There were also some of Neil’s bedroom showing where the knife was found, but there was no T-shirt. 
					
Faye pulled into the factory car park. There were a few cars around, but nothing like you might expect for a business of this size. Nor were there any obvious signs of activity; no delivery vans being unpacked or loaded or personnel going in or out. It crossed her mind to wonder how Peter explained this to his neighbours. He must have been drawing a certain amount of attention to himself by this apparent lack of activity. 
Faye opted for the bold approach first. She took a deep breath and headed up to the main entrance. The double door was firmly locked. She peeped through the letter-box.  No one seemed to be around. She could see no signs of life inside at all, so she set off round the building in search of an alternative way in.    
The neat path at the front and side of the building gradually deteriorated until she found herself picking her way uncomfortably through the weeds and stinging nettles at the back of the building. She spotted a rusty fire-escape and worked her way towards it. She gave the banister a shake and stamped on the first step to test its strength. It felt strong and sound despite its appearance. She started to climb. 
The staircase led up to a small landing, clearly someone’s favourite cigarette-break spot as a chair and an ashtray had been conveniently left there. A few vending-machine cups littered the area. As luck would have it, she found the door unlocked.
She passed through into what appeared to be a secretaries’ office; a typically business-like and untidy room with three desks facing each other, each with a computer and a pile of letters requiring attention. Strange that none of them felt the need to work in the afternoon to clear the apparent backlog. She went to touch the kettle on a shelf on the far side of the room. It was cold.
Struggling with her nerves, Faye didn’t linger but quickly carried on through and out into a short corridor that led to a walkway that went all the way round the building. There were doors on one side but only a railing the other, where it overlooked the main body of the factory on the floor below. She cast her eye over the range of machinery down there, all standing idle. She could see several doors leading off the open plan area, including the main door that she had tried first. Looking upwards, she could see huge skylights in the roof, brightly illuminating the floor below.
“Hello,” she called into the space below. “Hello, is there anyone around?” Her voice echoed around the walls, sounding weak, thready and strained, even to her own ears. 
After watching and listening for a while, she felt fairly certain that there was no one about. 
Proceed carefully, she thought. Take a look around, and then leave as quickly as you can. Don’t get caught. She went back into the office that she had come in through and began looking through the piles of papers on each desk. She wanted to find lists or anything that would connect Stars to PJ’s or anything that would tell her more about the new filming venture, what it exactly it was, and where it was bound for. She found nothing but orders, invoices, letters and reminders, relating to the printing side of the business.
Perhaps it was dealt with in another office. She made her way round the top floor, knocking on the doors and entering any that were unlocked, rummaging through whatever papers she came to, but still finding nothing. She had reached the room just next to the one where she had started and had her hand on the door handle, when she froze.  She heard cars outside, someone talking, and a key going into the front door. She quickly pulled back into the shadows where she could see without being seen. The main entrance opened, and two men came in.
One of them was the man who had broken her phone when she was taking pictures of the damage to his van. The other she hadn’t seen before. They were engrossed in a tense conversation that had clearly been going on for some time without any agreement being reached.
“I wish you’d shut up, Peter, and let me get on with my side of things,” the phone-breaker said. “No one asked you to get involved.” 
“No, Jerry, you’ve really gone too far this time,” Peter said, his voice rising now he had reached the safety of the factory and locked the door behind him. “I want you out of here; you and your whole operation. No amount of money makes it worth my while being involved in risks like this. It’s not worth the stress it’s causing me. You’re killing me, Jerry. I wish to God you had never come back to Seaford. Why on earth I thought you would ever change is beyond me. I mean it, this time you are out of here.”
“Calm down, Peter, you’re not doing yourself any good getting so uptight about everything,” Jerry replied in a flat, oily voice. “You can’t get out now; you’re in as deep as me. And as we are on your home ground, as it were, you would be considered even more responsible than me.”
“What on earth do you mean, ‘home ground’? Even more responsible?” Peter blustered. 
“I mean this is your factory. You diversified, you brought me in to start up this whole venture, and if anyone didn’t know where it was leading, it was me.”
“How can you say that? I never wanted any of this.”
“No, but you wanted the money, didn’t you? You had none of these high-minded scruples of yours when it was pay out time, did you? No jury’s going to believe that you didn’t start up the whole enterprise yourself.”
“That’s not true. You know that’s not true. This is your business, not mine.” Peter’s voice raised another few decibels. 
“It doesn’t matter what’s true. Just what’s believed,” Jerry interrupted him. “Have a drink, mate. I’ll get you a whiskey, and we’ll hear no more of your complaining, shall we?”
They disappeared into a ground floor office and shut the door.
Finding herself alone again, Faye took the opportunity to calm herself down and take a little time to think and plan her next move. She took her mobile phone out of her bag, feeling foolish for not having thought to switch it off before entering the factory, and she thanked god it hadn’t rung a few moments before. She switched it to silent and scrolled down to her home phone number. 
She was still weighing up her chances of getting within listening distance of the downstairs room, when she had to quickly pull back into the shadows again as the two men re-emerged from the office.
“Now let’s here no more talk of that nature, Peter.” Jerry said, as they came out. “You are in, and you are staying in until I say otherwise. Is that clear?”
“Look, Jerry, one thing I do know for sure is that I’m not having any more of your little accidents,” Peter replied. “If anything happens to this girl, I’m going to the police. Understand?”
“Don’t worry, old man. Nothing’s going to happen to her. I’ve got her so well dosed up that she won’t have any idea where she’s been when we let her go. You’re such an old woman, Peter. For God’s sake, get a grip. You’re driving me mad, and that might lead to another accident or two happening around here, if you aren’t careful.”
“What do you want with her anyway?” Peter asked. “Stars have an endless supply of girlies, most of them older and more worldly, so why not use one that’s more willing?”
While they were talking, Faye had pressed the call button on her phone, hoping fervently that there would be enough tape on the answer machine at home to catch the majority of this conversation. She stood frozen with a mixture of outrage, anger and nausea as her worst imaginings of what was going on at the factory were confirmed to be true. 
“This one is special,” Jerry replied, “precisely because she looks so young. We don’t often get that lucky.  She is undeveloped for her age. She could pass for under twelve on film, or perhaps even younger. She’s got that frightened rabbit look that our clients so enjoy. I know this market, Peter. She’ll make us a mint. Are you going to stay and watch the filming for a change? The crew will be here any minute.”
“No, I’m not watching anything, but I’m not going home either. I’m staying just long enough to make sure that the girl is sent home safe.”
“Pity,” said Jerry. “You might acquire a taste for it if you weren’t so squeamish.”
“Never,” Peter said, shaking his head.
“Okay, have it your way. You open the door for the film team, will you, and I’ll go and get our main star.”
Faye couldn’t think for rage. It was a rage that seemed, for the moment, to block out any fear. 
Without even bothering to try and stay hidden, she stood at the top of the stairs, watching while Jerry rolled a thick carpet that covered most of the floor in the foyer out of the way. He pulled open a large hatch in the floor and went down a flight of stairs into what must have been a cellar below.   
In the meantime, Peter had let in a group of four men, two of whom started setting up camera equipment in the large downstairs conference room. The other two went down to the basement quickly and efficiently, returning with furniture and miscellaneous other props that left no doubt at all about the nature of the filming. 
Jerry came back up the stairs half supporting a pretty and very young girl, whose legs didn’t seem able to support her.   
 “Come on, make an effort, Gabriella.” Jez said to her. “If we get finished today, you can go straight home to your mummy. It’s up to you. You just do exactly what you are told, and everything will be all right.”
Peter seemed to be getting steadily more agitated again. He sidled up to Jerry and spoke in a rapid undertone,
“This isn’t the usual crew. I thought you always used the same people, so as not to let too many in on it. That’s what you’ve always said. Doesn’t it matter any more? Do you want us to get caught, or something? I suppose it doesn’t matter as much now you think you can deflect all the blame off yourself and onto me.”  
“Oh, stop it, Peter. You really are starting to get to me now. I only use these boys for special occasions. Settle down and start enjoying yourself for God’s sake. I trust these guys a lot more than I do you at the moment, and I’m expecting a few more people you don’t know to arrive any minute.” Jez still looking quite relaxed and pleased with himself. “A couple of my real stars will be here soon. Some chaps who can really put young Gabriella here through her paces for me.” 
 This was too much for Faye. She went down the stairs and put on her friendliest smile. All eyes turned towards her, and Jerry let go of Gabriella who slid down the wall behind her and sat on the floor, looking blankly around. 
“Hello,” Faye said. “You’re Peter, aren’t you? I wanted to catch you. I promised to get the head some quotes for the new prospectus.” 
Then, as if noticing the girl for the first time, she turned towards Gabriella and said; “Oh hello. You’re Gabriella Stevens, aren’t you? I know your mother.” She knelt and put her arm round her shoulders. “Did you come for some printing?  Don’t you feel well? You don’t look too good. I’ll give you a lift home, if you like. I’m going that way just now.”  
Faye just thought she might just get away with this as she helped Gabriella to her feet, but it was not to be.
The phone breaker, who she now knew as Jerry, or Jez, stepped in front of her and Gabriella blocking their way.
“She’s not going anywhere,” he said, grabbing Faye by the arm, and pulling her away from Gabriella who sunk slowly to the floor again. “Not until we’ve completely finished with her. I have to be even more cautious now, with busy bodies like you around. So bear that in mind, won’t you? If this girl comes to any harm at all, you will have no one to blame but yourself. Now tell me, how did you get in here, and how long have you been up there listening.”
“I just came in through the secretaries’ office upstairs.” Faye replied as calmly and haughtily as she could, with her heart going like the clappers. “It was all locked up down here. I didn’t know I would be disturbing anyone. I want to talk to Peter; he’s been recommended. Please take you hand off me.”
“You must be kidding. I can find a use for you as well, you know,” he said, leering and tightening his grip.  
“This child is clearly unwell, and I’m going to take her home with me. I can think of no reason at all why that should be a problem to you.” Faye said, using her free hand to help Gabriella to her feet. Gabriella leant against her, holding her tight. 
Faye’s appearance of ignorance to what was going on round her seemed to be working on Peter.  
“She’s from one of the schools. She’s a customer,” he said. “Come on, Jerry, let her go, and let her take the girl if she wants to.” He tried to pull Faye towards him and put his hand over Jerry’s, trying to loosen his grip on her arm.
“No, Peter. I know exactly who she is,” Jez said, pushing Peter off. “She’s not from one of the schools, are you, love? And she is not leaving here. Not ever.”
“What are you talking about, Jerry,” Peter said, coming close again, still trying to get Faye away from Jerry. “She can’t do us any harm…”   
“Someone sort this man out for me,” Jerry said, looking at his team.
One of the movers came forward and punched Peter squarely in the face. He collapsed in a heap, blood pouring from his mouth. Someone else pulled Gabriella away from Faye. She stood against the wall, unsteadily and started to cry.
“Now, get hold of the bitch and follow me,” Jerry said, shoving Faye towards the man who had hit Peter. “The girl is not to move until I get back.”
Faye was roughly manhandled down the stairs and into a dark storeroom. Jerry locked the door behind her. Powerless and shocked she heard their footsteps getting fainter. The hatch was closed between her and the floor above, and then she heard absolutely nothing.  





Chapter Twenty-seven


Louise dropped in on Norma Osborne on her way back through Seaford.
“Louise! This is a surprise, and you’re on your own today?”
“Yes, Mrs Osborne. I won’t keep you long. I just wondered if you could clear up a few concerns I have over the T-shirt that was found with the body.” 
“Oh yes. What do you want to know?” 
“What bearing did it have on the case? Why was it never examined and used in evidence? Did you ever have any idea where it came from, and if so, was this explored in any way?”
“Oh! Well, all that might take a bit of answering. The first thing we knew about the T-shirt even existing was when we, my husband and I, were being questioned about Neil before he had even been charged. We were asked if he had any connection with St. Richard’s school, and he didn’t. Or if he knew anyone who went there. It would be a quite young child, they said. Well he didn’t. And that was that.
“Later, after he had been charged and was in prison awaiting trial, we had a chance to talk to Neil about it. He said he’d been asked similar questions. They seemed keen to link him to the school in some way, but they couldn’t. They kept going over their version of events, trying to get Neil to agree to it, and one of the things that they kept bringing up was that he’d jammed this T-shirt over the wounds he’d made to stop leaving a give-away trail of blood on the path.
“Of course he couldn’t go along with any of it, but that’s what they kept suggesting.
“Later I tried to get our solicitor to find out what happened to the T-shirt, and what line of enquiry it produced, but we didn’t get anywhere. By that time the police seemed to have no interest in it. They even denied that such a thing existed. They said we were trying to cloud issues and deflect blame from Neil on to someone else, basically making things up to suit us as we went along. They denied ever having pursued that line of questioning, and they twisted everything we said about it to make us look like liars.
“If there’s not a lot of hard evidence, it seems that that’s what they do. They knock holes in everything you say ‘til you lose all credibility in court and are bound to be convicted.” Norma paused, sad and thoughtful, and then looked up. Her eyes were piercing keenly. “Why do you ask, Louise?” 
“No reason really. At least, probably nothing significant. I remembered you mentioning it. I went to see Neil today. There is another young girl missing, and I hoped he might be able to help us. I thought he might have some suspicions about who killed Barbara and might want to share that with us now, even if he’d been protecting that person before. But he had no ideas at all.”
“If he knew anything that would help clear his name, he’d be out by now. He’s stubborn, I know, and he won’t admit to something he didn’t do, but he’d certainly not be in there for someone else’s benefit. He’s not that daft.”
“No, I realise that now. It was good to talk to him for a second time. I assume you’d spoken to him about us; he was much less hostile towards me today. It clarified things for me. I really would like to help him, and that’s why I wondered about the T-shirt. I called at Police headquarters today, to look at the old evidence connected with the case and read some correspondence about it. But it wasn’t amongst the exhibits.”
“Correspondence about it? My God,” Norma exclaimed, her eyes hardening.  “The bastards had it all the time! A piece of evidence that could have really helped Neil, and they hid it from us. How could they? That T-shirt was a one of a number of things actually that weren’t looked into properly, but it was the one thing that could have led straight to some other suspect and helped clear our Neil. But instead it was used to help discredit us all! And now, when it might be examined by all these modern new fangled methods and clear Neil, it’s missing! Probably destroyed long ago.”
“It was sent back to Seaford Police station. There is a very small chance that it is still hidden away there somewhere. There are store cupboards there full of old junk that no one has bothered to look in for years. I’ll search them. It’s a long shot of course, but I might hit lucky.”     
“I do hope so,” said Norma. “And thank you for giving an old woman hope. Give my love to Faye, won’t you.”
“Sure. I’ll catch up with her later,” Louise replied.
				
Faye had been in the dark basement room for what seemed like an hour before anyone returned. It was plenty of time to go through a whole range of emotions. 
Why on earth had she shown herself? Wouldn’t it have been better to sneak off and get help? What a stupid thing to do. All she had managed to achieve was to put both herself and Gabriella in even more danger, and God knows what was happening to Gabriella now. 
She banged on the door with her shoe, making as much of a racket as possible, in the vain hope that they would have to come and shut her up before they could start filming. Then it occurred to her that they might shut her up in horrific ways, and her courage failed. She quietened down, sitting against the wall, consumed by dark and miserable thoughts.
She groped around in vain hope for her handbag, but that had been left upstairs, of course. Her phone, her only possible way of attracting help, was safely in it. 
The earlier call to home had been a good move, she told herself, and it was probably now her only hope. The thought of Myles and Louise listening to it raised her spirits considerably. She would recognise Peter’s voice straight away, put two and two together, and be round there in no time.  She held on to these positive thoughts for as long as she could, picturing her rescue, running into Myles’ arms, and Peter and Jerry being taken away by the police. 
Then her thoughts turned against her, and the ‘what ifs’ would set in. Supposing no one heard any message. Supposing it was too distorted for anyone to decipher. Supposing there was no rescue. There was every chance that she and Gabriella would go the way of Anna, and probably Barbara before her, and it was all her own silly fault for acting like she had done, without thinking of the consequences. Her children would grow up without a mother, and she would never feel the joy of holding them close again. 
Her thoughts were eventually interrupted by noises approaching her cell.  
 Filming was evidently over. Faye listened to the noises outside her cell. No, it was too short a time; they must have abandoned it for today. At least she had done that much good, and had saved Gabriella from a further ordeal. There was a scuffling of shoes, and then the door opened, allowing dazzling brightness to flood over her. Gabriella was manhandled into the room and landed in a heap on the mattress. 
Faye leapt toward the door with the desperate hope of forcing her way through, but it was quickly locked against her. She put her ear to it instead, just in time to hear part of a conversation between Peter and Jerry.
“I’m telling you, Jerry, and you’d better believe me, this place will be burnt to the ground by midnight. It’s insured. I won’t lose out. It’ll be the end of your little enterprises, and I never want to see you again. Is that clear? So you get those two out of here by ten at the latest. I don’t care what you do with them. I don’t want to know what you are going to do with them. Just get rid of them, and all your equipment. I’m burning the place down, and that’ll get rid of all trace of you ever having been here. Remember; you’ve got till ten.”
Jerry appeared to be agreeing with Peter. 
He was speaking more quietly, soothingly, not raising his voice at all. Faye couldn’t hear what he was saying exactly, but he seemed to be going along with Peter’s plan without question.
Faye knelt down next to Gabriella, taking the sobbing girl in her arms. Slipping into her familiar role of calming and caring for others strengthened her. She spoke confidently and calmly, trying to reassure the young girl as best she could, saying things that she was finding it hard to believe herself in order to bolster Gabriella’s confidence.
“Come on, dear, we’ll be all right soon. I phoned my husband earlier, and he’ll be here any time now to get us. And the police will be looking for us. I’ve got a friend who is a detective, and she’ll know where to look for me. We’ll get out of here in no time, you’ll see.”
Talking like this helped Faye feel better too. Her own fear eased a little as Gabriella became calmer and able to talk. The two of them managed to keep up a reasonable level of conversation, chatting in as light hearted a way as possible. Always lurking at the back of Faye’s mind, though, was the thought that they would never be released from their dungeon, and if anyone returned for them, it would almost certainly be to kill them. 
					
Louise made her way down to the lower level of the station, where the cells used to be located before they were made unnecessary by the new custody suite in Brighton. 
There were some ancient and rarely visited storerooms down here, where all the archived documents, handed in lost property, and unclaimed stolen items were kept.
She entered the least used of these, where the dust was thick on all the shelves books and boxes, and it seemed possible that nothing had been disturbed for years. She began methodically going through everything. Sitting on the floor amongst the grime and cobwebs, she opened each box in turn. Occasionally her attention would be taken by some old relic of the days when her father still worked at Seaford. An entry in the desk diary of years ago, or a signature, checking something in, or his old pocket books with his handwriting faded by time but still distinctive. But after several hours, as the dates on things became closer to ten years ago, she had to begin to conclude that the T-shirt was not going to be found here.  
It was gone six, and the offices upstairs where empty, when Louise emerged from the stores and returned the key to the front office. Bob was there, engrossed in the Evening News.
“Doing a late, Bob?” she asked.
“Yes. No rest for the wicked, as they say,” he said turning towards her. “Good God, you are filthy. Whatever have you been up to? And come to that, why are you still here?”
“I was trying to find something in the storeroom downstairs. I must be a mess. I haven’t seen myself yet. I’d better go and have a wash before I go home.”  
“Yes, you had better. You can’t walk through the streets like that! You’d be arrested. What were you looking for? And did you find it?” 
Louise smiled.
“No, I didn’t. I was up at headquarters earlier today, looking through all the court stuff to do with the Barbara Jenkins case. There was mention of a T-shirt found with the body. I thought it might be useful to have it forensically examined now, with modern day methods, but it wasn’t there. There was a note to say it had been returned to Seaford for disposal, and as I can’t find it here either. I suppose it was got rid of.”
“Oh, the Barbara Jenkins case again?”
 “Yes. I think there has been a major miscarriage of justice. I think there is a link with that murder and that of Anna Cox and possibly Gabriella Steven’s disappearance. I think the same person is responsible, and it’s not the person who is in prison.”
“It isn’t going to be easy proving that, or getting an old case reopened. You know that don’t you, Louise.”
“Yes, of course I do, but I’m going to give it my best shot. Have you any idea what could have happened to the T-shirt, Bob? Where else could I look? If it isn’t here and it is not at Headquarters, where else might it be sent?”
“The forensic laboratory?”
“It’s not there. There’s a memo at HQ saying it is being sent back here.”
“I’ve no idea then, unless your dad took it.”
“Why on earth would he do that?”
“Because, like you, he was never really happy with the verdict. He may have thought it needed saving in case of a retrial, if any other information about the case came to light over the years. Especially if he thought it would be destroyed if it remained here, which may well have been the case.”
“Good God.”
“Don’t look like that, Louise. Your father was a good man. If he took it, it would have been with the best of intentions. I suppose it is lost for good now though. You would have thrown everything out when the house was sold.” 
“No, I didn’t. I was too shocked and cut up about everything. I couldn’t bear to go through their stuff, sorting out what needed to be kept and what didn’t. I thought in time I would want some things, you know, photos, jewellery or mementos, but I was too upset to do anything about it then. I got a removal firm to put the whole lot in storage, and I haven’t looked at it since. It’s all in one of those red box storage units in that converted warehouse, down by the harbour. I’ve got the key, but I’ve never been there.”
“It’s a long shot, Louise, but that may be where it ended up. Will you look?”
“Yes, I think I will.”
“If you do find it, remember it is crucial evidence. Bring it back exactly as you find it. Don’t unwrap it any more than you need to, even to find out what it is. Forensics should be able to identify every single hand it has passed through with any luck. And, Louise, it might be best if you have someone with you. I know you prefer to go off and do things on your own, but in this case I think you need a witness. Take someone from your department who can verify in court where you found it, and why you believe it is connected with the case, especially if it’s too old or damaged for forensics to prove much. They are very clever these days, but you never know. If it is found, make sure no-one can argue that it is irrelevant to the case at this stage.”
“That’s good advice. Can you come with me?”
“No, I’m stuck here until ten o’clock. Look, I’ve only just seen Aiden leave. He passed through here just before you arrived. Why don’t you ring him? It’ll only make him late home by an hour or so, and he won’t mind that, a keen young chap like him.”
It seemed her only option. She left Bob and reluctantly phoned Aiden on her way through the car park, half hoping he wouldn’t be obtainable and that she would have to go her own. The chances of finding anything were so small, she told herself, and she would have preferred not to have the humiliation of Aiden witnessing her find nothing. 
He answered his phone, however, and then he naturally needed a full explanation. Louise decided to give him enough to draw him in without mentioning Christian or the Anna Cox case.
“I’ve been poking around a bit,” she began, “trying to find out more about a murder that happened here fifteen years ago. I think there was a miscarriage of justice and that a man is serving a life sentence for something he didn’t do. I have discovered that certain evidence that may have helped his case may have been ignored, and it seems to have been lost by the investigating officers at the time. Bob Hanson has suggested I go through some of my dad’s old stuff to see what I can find.”
“You mean your father may have been corrupt enough to hide evidence that may have helped the defence?” 
“I don’t know,” Louise replied. “I hope it doesn’t turn out quite like that. My feeling was that as a junior officer, he allowed something to happen that he shouldn’t have. I’m hoping that if he did keep the piece of evidence I am looking for, it was in case it eventually helped to overturn what was done. I’m not proud of this, and I suspect he wasn’t either.”
“Is there any chance that people who are still working will end up with egg on their faces over this?”
“I doubt it, but who knows. That won’t stop me anyway. If we do find something, even if it opens up a whole can of worms, it is likely to do you and I more good than harm in terms of career prospects. Today’s officer is supposed to fair, honest and well above the sort of things that went on in the past.”
“You are right. Count me in, Louise. I can get there in about twenty minutes.”
“Thanks, Aiden. I’ll give you all the details when we get there.”





Chapter Twenty-eight


Faye was trying to find things to do that would keep both her and Gabriella’s spirits from failing. Initially they had just talked. Gabriella had told her about her school, her music, and how much she wanted to go to America with the Orchestra. But when they had exhausted most topics of conversation, and Gabriella seemed to be improving, physically at least, Faye thought they needed to be doing something more tangible.
“We might as well take a bit of a look round,” she said. It had occurred to her that their prison was surprisingly well ventilated. It wasn’t stuffy, and occasionally she was aware of a slight draught. “ Come on. Let’s explore this place a bit and see if we can find a way out. Come on, Gabriella, are you up for a bit of adventure?”
 Together they edged slowly around the walls, their hands probing in the darkness for any possible means of escape. They were in a box of about six foot square. Faye reached up and felt along the low ceiling. There were thick beams holding up the floor above, and between each beam on two walls of the room, where the boarding was at right angles to the beams, she could feel gaps where the wall hadn’t been taken right up to the floor above.
She put her hand through one of the gaps and felt the thickness of the wall. It was only a single skin of plasterboard. Presumably it was attached to a wooden frame on the other side, but even so, it wasn’t strong. Surely they could break through it.
“Right, Gabriella,” Faye said. “Is there anything in here we can use as a tool?”
“What kind of a tool?”
“Preferably something with a sharp edge. I want to see if we can dig our way through these partitions.”
“The mattress is full of hard wires,” Gabriella said. “But I don’t know it we can get one out.”
“I’m sure we can. What a good idea,” said Faye. “You and me are strong, Gabriella. Given time we can do anything.”
Gabriella laughed, and that unexpected sound made Faye even more determined. She moved back to the mattress and ran her fingers along it until she found a spring that was particularly close to the surface. The old covering didn’t put up much resistance as she forced the spring through it.
“Gabriella, I’ve nearly got one out already,” she said. “See if you can find any more hard bits close enough to work through the fabric.”
In a surprising short space of time they had worked two of the springs clear.
“Right,” Faye said, taking her shoe off again. “We need to find out where the wood that holds up the wall is so that we don’t dig into one of those. I’ll tap, and you tell me where it sounds the most hollow.”
This bit was easy. When tapped, the plasterboard actually gave a little where it wasn’t directly supported behind. They chose a spot and started digging it away with their spikes.
Once they had made a hole large enough to get a hand through, the job became easier still. Bits broke off when they pushed and pulled until they had made an opening big enough to climb through. 
Clambering through, they found themselves in a much larger area. It seemed to stretch across the whole basement of the building. It was huge. 
Gabriella become almost cheerful as they made their way around it. She was particularly pleased when they found an air vent leading to the outside world, and a few minutes later was overjoyed when they came across what seemed to be a window. 
“It’s a way out,” she said, excitedly. “Look over here, Faye. I thought we were underground, but I’ve found a window, so we can’t be. Come on; let’s break it and get out.”
“Hold on, dear, I don’t think it’ll turn out to be a window. Remember all those steps we came down?”
“Yes, but it is a window. There’s glass in it and everything.”
“Let me have a feel,” said Faye, making her way closer to her.
“I’m sure it’s a window. A way out at last. Why didn’t I do this before?”
“Good heavens, I think you might be right,” said Faye, her heart suddenly jumping with hope as she ran her fingers along the area Gabriella indicated. “Oh, I think there’s a catch here, so the hinge must be the other side, let’s both push together and see if it will open.” 
They stood, hands pressed against the rough wood of the window frame, and on the count of three they pushed like crazy. It didn’t budge an inch.  
“You’d better stand back, Gabriella,” said Faye, after a few more minutes of useless shoving. “I’m going to have to break it.”
Faye removed her shoe and took a swipe at the glass with the heel. The glass shattered all over the floor, and she had to stop Gabriella running forward and injuring herself in her eagerness to get out.
“Steady on,” she said. “Let me just clear all the broken bits away from around the frame, or you are going to cut yourself.”
Faye cleared the glass and felt around in the area beyond it, only to find it was still impossible to escape that way. At regular intervals, about four inches apart, there were metal bars running from the brickwork above down to the outside windowsill. As far as she could tell they were not going to budge an inch. 
Gabriella almost wept with disappointment. 
“No, please don’t get upset,” Faye said, giving her a hug, “I’m sure we’ll get out eventually. Look we can probably shout at least, and let someone know that we’re in here.”
She climbed onto the sill and probed the area beyond with her hand again. There was about a foot of space before she reached a brick wall, cold and damp to the touch, with weeds growing out of it. 
“It’s one of those cellar windows put in down in a kind of dug out sort of well,” she explained to Gabriella. “I’ll see if I can reach up to ground level. Yes, I think there’s a wooden cover over the top of the opening. That must be why no daylight gets in. It feels a bit rotten. Let’s get something and see if we can bang a few holes in it. At least we’ll get some light, and maybe someone will hear us.”
The feeling of doing something lifted their spirits again. They found some discarded pieces of wood amongst the debris in the cellar and began pounding upwards on the wooden hatch. 
The hatch was at the back of the building, practically underneath the steel staircase that Faye had used to enter the building in the first place. Gradually, bits of wood began to flake off. 
The physical effort of the work and their sense of achievement as they began to see the last glimmerings of the twilight outside gave them renewed hope.   
					
Louise found Aiden waiting for her when she reached the storage depot.
“Sorry,” she said. “Have you been here long? I had to call into my flat to get the key, and then I couldn’t find it. I’ve never used it before today.”
“No, that’s fine, I have only just arrived myself. So, explain what where doing here then, Louise. I hope it’s not going to be the waste of an evening, like you going off half cocked and getting all carried away over nothing.”
“It might be a waste of time, Aiden. I can’t be sure we’ll find anything. But you were interested enough to turn up, and I’m glad you did. As I said on the phone, we might just unearth something of great importance.”
Louise wouldn’t give any further information until they had found the room that matched the number on the key. Only when they had closed the door behind them did Louise start to explain how Bob had aroused her curiosity when he told her about the body that was found in the same spot as Anna Cox. She went on to tell him about meeting Norma Osborne and later Neil Osborne in prison, and how she’d been impressed by their honesty and dignity. That had led to her trip to HQ, where she looked at the old files and the evidence produced in court. Finally, she told him about the T-shirt that was mentioned in the memos. It might have pointed to some else being involved, but she didn’t know how because it couldn’t be linked to Neil Osborne in any way. 
“It won’t prove anything, Louise.” He said. “Even if we do find it, it might be that Neil just came across it by chance. Maybe it had dropped out of someone’s bag and was just lying there on the ground. I’m beginning to wonder why I did turn up.”
“I know it won’t prove anything by itself, but surely some effort should have been made to investigate it at the time. It wouldn’t be ignored these days. The reason you came is that you thought I might be on to something, and if I am, then there might be some kudos in it for you, and you daren’t risk missing out on that. And I need you here to verify that if I do find it, I have found it where I say I did, and that I haven’t tampered with it. We are here now, aren’t we? So let’s just get on with it and try to get on with each other as well.”
Louise cast her eyes around the remnants of her childhood home and came close to being overwhelmed by sadness. Tears welled in her eyes, and for a moment she was unable to speak.
Aiden coughed awkwardly.
“I know how hard this must be for you, Louise. Perhaps we had better just get started. What do you want me to do?”
“I don’t know where to begin,” she said, rousing herself and pulling at the nearest box. “I never knew they had so much stuff. I guess the boxes this side hold most of the smaller items. That’s Mum’s knitting and sewing things. I reckon the next one is dad’s records. Bills and bank statements and stuff like that. I think we are just going to have to look through them all. The removal firm haven’t labelled anything.”
“Right, we’ll take a box each, start at the back of the room and work forward. How does that sound?”
“Fine.”
They worked largely in silence, and for Louise it was one of the hardest things she had ever had to do. Nearly everything she touched stirred a memory, but with an effort she remained focused promising herself that she would return before too long to sort through everything properly. It really was time that she did. They only disturbed things sufficiently to check that the item they sought wasn’t there.
Time went by surprisingly quickly for Louise, she was pleased that Aiden also seemed absorbed and didn’t complain. They were thorough and painstaking in their search, but after two hours, they were coming to the end of the boxes and had found nothing.
“Well, Louise, we’re nearly there, and nothings turned up,” Aiden said, but without the accusatory tone she might have expected. “Have you any other ideas as to where your father might have stashed something like this away? Something he wouldn’t have wanted you or your mother to come across? Everything we’ve looked at so far was basic household stuff that anyone could have had access to.”
“You’re right,” Louise replied. “It probably wouldn’t have been in the house at all. Dad had a garden shed, his den as he used to call it. I wonder where they put all that stuff?”
They turned their attention to the other side of the room where the larger furniture was stored. Aiden moved a settee out of the way, which gave a better view of the items stacked behind it. They could see a lawnmower in the far corner behind a large chest of drawers, and there was a set of garden tools with it. There were two wooden tea chests, bulging with various packages. 
“Dad used to go and sit out in his shed sometimes to get away from Mum, I think.” she said, pointing to a threadbare arm chair that was tattier than any of the other furniture around them. “He could sit out there for hours, listening to his radio or reading. He even had a little camping gas ring, so that he could make a cup of tea out there.”
“Right then. Let’s go through those two chests, and then call it a day. I guess if it isn’t there, then it’s not anywhere. It probably got thrown away long ago.”
“My parents weren’t inclined to throw things away,” Louise replied, with a wry smile.
“I can see that,” Aiden replied. “I’ve just been looking at school books you must have used when you were six years old. ‘Wen I wos on holiday we had tost in a tee shop.’ You lucky girl, Louise.”
“At least my spelling has improved since then, which is more than can be said for some of our colleagues.” Louise replied dryly. “Come on, let’s get on with it.”
They moved the other furniture forward until they could get close enough to the chests to reach them. They had barely started going through the contents when Aiden called Louise over to him.
“Look at this” he said, indicating a package he had just uncovered. The fading label on the brown wrapping paper still clearly read, Re. Barbara Jenkins case. Items returned from forensic laboratory for disposal. They stared at it together for several moments, reading and re reading the label in disbelief.
“Shall we open it?” Louise asked at last.
“Yes. We would look pretty silly if it was just the envelope your dad brought back to re-use, having got rid of the contents.”
“Okay, but very carefully then.”
The envelope wasn’t sealed. Aiden laid it on the top of a chest of drawers and slid the contents out. Wrapped in cellophane was a small and badly stained piece of clothing. it was surrounded by flakes and pieces of dust of a similar colour to the extensive dark brown staining. 
“I don’t think we should unwrap it any further,” said Louise.
   “Neither do I. I think we can be pretty certain it is what you were looking for.”
“Yes,” she said, gently pulling the corners of the bag to straighten it a little. “It looks like a child’s T-shirt to me. And look, there is a name in it. ‘Christian Knightly’ sewn on the collar, see?” 
She indicated the remnants of a label, with the name only just visible as a slightly darker shade thread than the rest of the cloth. “Why on earth wasn’t that recorded at the time?”
“I guess it wasn’t seen. I suppose the blood on this has deteriorated and flaked off over the years. The name might not have been visible when it was fresher. But Christian Knightly? Then what on earth does that mean? Was he the murderer?”
“Don’t be daft, Aiden. Christian would have been less than four years old when Barbara Jenkins was killed. But he must have been close by, and he probably saw it all. That’s why he is having the flashbacks now. That’s why he is so convinced he killed someone, but he can’t fill in the gaps.”
“How do you forget something like that?”
“I don’t know. Perhaps his little mind couldn’t make any sense of it at the time, or he couldn’t bear to remember it. How much do you remember that happened when you were very young?”
“First day at school, I suppose, but even that is very hazy.”
“Quite.” 
“Well, what now?”
“I need to go and see a friend tonight. I think this puts Alan Knightly, Christian’s father, well and truly in the frame. Would you pick him up, if you can find him, and take in for questioning? I want to call around to Faye’s house and warn her that he might be dangerous.”  


Faye and Gabriella were pulling and scraping at the rotten wood, gradually increasing the opening and letting in a larger glimmer of light. Every now and then, Faye pushed or pulled at the iron bars, but nothing she could do made them move at all. She needed a crow bar or something she could use as one.
 Faye heard something. A car pulled up at the front of the building. It was dark now, and she estimated the time as being at least ten o’clock. She paused, listening hard, her mind running quickly through the various possibilities.  Should they shout? Could it be Myles? Her heart leapt at the thought. Perhaps her phone call did work? Was it a rescue at last? But no, her heart sunk again. It didn’t sound like his car, and if he’d got help, there would be more than one vehicle, surely. Other terrifying scenarios invaded her mind. 
 Jerry was coming to finish the job. He was going to dispatch the pair of them and roll their bodies down a steep slope into thorny undergrowth. This was his trademark. With the arrogance of the truly wicked, he was identifying his work. He was following a pattern that boasted to the world; ‘I did this. Catch, me if you can.’ 
 Or it could be Peter carrying out his threat. That would be worse. They were still in there. He wouldn’t burn the building with them in it, would he?   
Shouting their heads off seemed the best, if not the only option. If it was Jerry, it would make no difference to the outcome. If it was Peter, he needed to know they were still in there. He needed to know Jerry hadn’t taken them out the way he had told him to. He wouldn’t want their deaths on his conscience, would he? 
And if it was someone else, a security guard or night watchman, or even a beat policeman, then they might be rescued yet. 
Gabriella was still working, seemingly oblivious to any external noises. Faye looked across at her. Anxious not to cause her alarm, she stood stepped back, as if to admire their efforts. “Right Gabriella,” she said calmly, “now we’ve made a large enough gap, do you think we should shout again? Someone might hear us now. Come on, go for it. As much noise as you can.”
They shouted, screamed and banged on the wood with whatever tools they could use. 
“Help! We’re, in here! In the cellar! Help someone! In the basement! We’re locked in! Help! Get us out of here!” 
Faye stopped shouting, and, with her finger over lips, indicated that Gabriella should do the same. They listened. Unmistakable footsteps above them confirmed that someone was up there. Someone who knew his way around. The coolheaded and unhurried way that the person was moving about convinced her it was not Myles or Louise. 
Gabriella’s face went from an expression of hopeful expectation to one of terror. She sank to the floor, sobbing and shaking uncontrollably. Faye knelt down over her, cradling her in her arms and whispering soothing, encouraging words that she was struggling to believe in herself.
“Whoever it is, they’re not interested in us. They probably forgot something earlier. Someone will rescue us eventually. Just wait till they’ve gone, and we’ll call for help again. Don’t worry, Gabriella, we will be home by morning. You’ll see.”
Faye strained to hear over Gabriella’s sobbing, trying to work out what the person upstairs was doing. She heard a mixture of noises; glass being broken, liquid being spilt and furniture being moved. Then she heard firm strides towards the front door, a momentary pause, then the door close firmly and keys in the lock. A car door slammed. The engine started, and they were alone again.
	

Louise drove straight to Faye’s house. It was half past ten by the time she arrived. Relieved that there was a light still on down stairs, she hurried out of her car and knocked. 
 “Oh, hello, Louise, do come in.” Myles said distractedly, scanning the road behind her as he spoke. “Faye’s not here, but I’m very glad to see you, and I’m sure she won’t be much longer. She’s never late without ringing. I’m sure she’ll turn up soon. Anyway, it would be better for me to have someone to talk to while I’m waiting.”
 “Do you know where she is?”
 “No. I’ve already spoken to all of Faye’s friends that I have contact numbers for. Faye’s mother didn’t seem to be at all concerned. She thought that she’d possibly just gone out for a drink with a friend after work, and that she had probably had told me about the arrangement, but I’d forgotten. That cheered me up for a while. Aren’t mothers supposed to have some instinct or other that let them know when their children were in danger? Perhaps Dolly is right, and there’s nothing to worry about. Have you any idea where she might have gone? Could it be anything to do with the murder? I knew it wasn’t right, her getting involved in all that, and now she’s missing.” 
“Let’s not jump the gun,” Louise replied. “She’ll probably turn up shortly.” 
Myles didn’t appear to hear this. He continued to pace anxiously.
“Would she have gone to see that other boy’s mother again, do you think? I’m running out of ideas here. How long do we have to leave it before ringing round the hospitals? Or do you think they’ll just think I’m a neurotic control freak?”
 “Blimey, Myles, you’re getting me worried now. Are you sure she didn’t leave you a message?” said Louise. 
Myles sat down gloomily. 
“If she did try to phone and leave one, she wouldn’t have been able to. We got one of those nonsense calls, you know, when someone hasn’t locked their keypad and their mobile jiggles about in their pocket and connect itself to someone accidentally. All our message tape was taken up by gobbledegook and background noises of some kind. Do you think she went back to the woman you took her to this morning?”
“I don’t think so. I was there myself earlier. Norma wasn’t expecting her.” 
“What about the factory? Do you think she could have decided to go there on her own? Or to the Stars agency?”
“Myles, do you mind if I listen to your answer machine tape? You haven’t erased it, have you?”
“No, I didn’t, actually. Are you okay, Louise? You seem a bit on edge yourself. You don’t think something could have happened to Faye do you?” 
“I am a bit concerned about her. I actually came to warn her.”
“Why? What’s happened?”
“Look, we mustn’t get into a panic. It may not be relevant, but I found something just before coming here that might link Alan Knightly with a murder that took place some fifteen years ago. A colleague of mine is on his way to arrest him right now.”
“You think Alan killed someone, and he might kill Faye? Oh God, Louise...”
 “Faye was worried at one stage that Alan wanted more than a professional relationship with her, and she was having none of it. But she is a sympathetic and caring person. I just hope he hasn’t misinterpreted that side of her, and then had cause to feel rejected when his expectations were not met.”
“Right, I’m going round there, straight away. We’ve got to if there is any chance he has got Faye.” 
“I agree with you, but can I listen to the tape first? If it was Faye trying to leave a message, it might give us a clue as to where she is. She might not be at his house. And anyway, someone else is going there to arrest Alan Knightly. We can’t afford to go rushing off half-cocked, and possibly miss something vital that might save her life.”
“You do think this is serious, don’t you?”
“Myles, I’m just taking all necessary steps, that’s all.”			

It had taken all Faye’s patient and calm reassurance to get Gabriella to calm down again, but eventually the shuddering sobbing stopped. The girl was able to speak rationally again, though her face remained pale, and her eyes had a sunken, dead look. 
“Come on,” Faye said gently. “What were we doing before? Let’s get see if we can make our window even bigger.” 
Doing something physical certainly helped. It provided a distraction and a renewed sense of purpose and hope.
Eventually, pleased with what their efforts had achieved, they stopped and looked both admiringly and longingly at the outside world, lit up by the glow of the full moon and a few bright stars.   
“I know what I’ll do,” said Faye. “I’ll tie my blouse to that long stick and poke it out through the wood like a flag. Someone’s bound to see it when they arrive for work tomorrow, aren’t they?” 
Her cheerful, optimistic words were more for Gabriella’s benefit than anything else. She hadn’t forgotten the conversation she had heard earlier, and although she refused to let her mind dwell on it, an increasing feeling of hopelessness and dread was welling up inside her. 
They made their blouse flag amongst a fair amount of mutual teasing over each of their lack of ability to tie a proper knot. Neither of them had been in the Girl Guides. It took several attempts to get the cloth to stay on the wood while being poked through a narrow gap, but eventually it was done. Faye encouraged Gabriella to settle down and try to get some rest. They cuddled up together in the hopes of sleeping until morning, when, as Faye kept saying, someone would be bound to find them. 
 A fire alarm rang somewhere in the distance. It didn’t reach the cellar with enough volume to wake Gabriella, who had now fallen into a fitful sleep. But Faye knew exactly what it meant. She looked up at the planked floor above her with cold with dread. She could see flashes of flame through the cracks in between the boards. 
Peter had carried out his promise, and Jez had left them there to burn with the building as anyone but Peter would have guessed he would. Or maybe Jez had decided to do the job himself in a departure from his previous method of killing. 
Perhaps the idea had been implanted by Peter’s threat. Perhaps it would be easier to put the blame on Peter if he killed them like this.  
 Faye drew Gabriella closer to her, thankful that she, at least, was sleeping. 
Then, unable to hold on to any hope for their survival, and with her eyes streaming silent tears for her children and husband, she closed her eyes and waited for death.





Chapter Twenty-nine


Louise listened in silence to the message on answer machine, concentrating intently and trying to decipher the random noises. Myles seemed too agitated to concentrate on anything properly. Amongst the background noise, some words were audible. Louise strained to hear and make sense of them.
She listened again, this time picking up more words. One of the voices sounded strangely nasal. It was a man with a recently broken nose, maybe.
She listened again. Among the other voices, most of which she didn’t recognise, she thought she heard Peter Johnson’s.
She listened again, and then for a forth time. It was them. Faye must have gone to PJ’s. Whatever possessed her to do that on her own? But then Louise remembered their last words together. She was pulling out because her father had been involved in the first case. 
Faye would have believed that she had no choice but to go on her own.
“Its PJ’s Printing we need to go to, Myles, and we need to get help.”
She phoned Aiden.  
“Listen,” she said, “the friend I went to warn is missing. We’ve got to get Radley back in. We need a team...” 
 “Louise, it’s late. Won’t tomorrow do?”
“No. Please do this for me. Get Radley up,”
“What?”
“Tell him about the T-shirt and Faye’s disappearance. I’m asking you because he listens to you.”
“What are you going to do, Louise?” 
“I’m going to PJ’s. I think she was there earlier today. If there’s no one there, I’ll have to find Johnson and Markam.”
Louise put the phone down.
“I’ve got to go round there,” Myles said. 
“Of course, Myles. Yes, you’re right. We’ll both go.”


Faye was dimly aware of the noise of burning debris and machinery from above crashing down into their cellar. She opened her eyes. The door that they had been shoved through originally was now well and truly blocked. The mattress lying near it was burning ferociously. Gabriella was stirring too. They looked around at their newly illuminated prison with a kind of detached curiosity. 
“What’s happening?” Gabriella cried, attempting to get to her feet. 
“No, stay down here. We’re in the best place already, close to the only fresh air there is. You’ll be able to breathe more easily nearer the ground. Smoke rises, so we should stay very close to the floor where there will be about a foot of clear air, with any luck.”
 “We’re going to die,” gasped Gabriella.
“No, of course we’re not.” Faye replied, as calmly as she could manage. “The fire engines will all be here soon. We will be rescued, don’t worry. They’ll see smoke coming out of this window, like a chimney, and they’ll see our flag. Don’t worry. The fire is a really good thing, because someone will see it, and they’ll find us too.”
“But I’m so scared! Talk to me. Tell me those stories about your children again, or something.” Gabriella clutched tight hold of the arm that Faye had placed reassuringly round her.
 Faye talked about her children. She told her about their funny little ways as babies, their first words, and their amusing sayings and ways. She did her best to distract Gabriella from her terror as breathing became more difficult, and the intense heat engulfed them. 
Oxygen is running short, thought Faye, resigned now to her fate. I hope we suffocate before we burn. Tears welled in her eyes again as she thought of never seeing any of the people she loved again.
					
Myles and Louise sped in their two cars towards the factory. 
She pulled in seconds after him and stared in horror at the factory entirely engulfed in flames. She got out of her car already on the phone to the fire brigade. Myles was running towards the main factory entrance. The great double door was already bulging outwards, about to blow at any moment.
Louise caught up with him, shouting over the roaring fire. 
“Not that way, Myles, it’s hopeless. The fire engines are on their way. Give them a moment. Faye can’t be in there. They would have taken her out. They’ve done this to destroy evidence, not lives.”
“She’s in there. She’s in there. I know she is!”
 “No, I don’t think so. They knew she was on to them. They are running scared. Perhaps they took her hostage.”
Myles shook his head and pulled away from her. The doors creaked and groaned. 
“I need to get in, Louise.”
He strode forward purposefully, but then, with an almighty crash, the doors exploded outwards, and he was thrown back by the force of the blast. 
He picked himself up and took a few dazed steps towards where the opening should have been, but a thick wall of flame was now reaching skywards.    
Louise grabbed his arm.
“Come on, Myles, let’s see if there is another way in. The doors are hopeless.”
Myles allowed himself to be led away with tears of despair running down his face. Louise’s only thought was that she must keep him from killing himself before the fire engines arrived. She needed to keep him focussed on something, anything, for as long as she could.
They worked their way around to the back of the building, just as Faye had done earlier. The fire had been just as ferocious here; the windows had blown out allowing more oxygen in to fuel the flames. A tree close to the building had caught alight and was now in danger of collapsing onto the roof. It swayed back and forth sending a shower of sparks down onto them. Myles dropped to his knees as all hope left him, but Louise urged him to his feet again.
“Look! Look over there,” she shouted above the roar.
She had spotted the make shift flag, miraculously undamaged, but with burning embers falling all round it, threatening to obliterate it at any moment.
Myles fought his way to the cellar window and lay on the ground, pulling and pushing helplessly at the bars with his bare hands. Louise heard the approaching sirens and ran back to get help.
					
      
Faye had stopped talking. Gabriella was unconscious on her lap, and the effort to breathe was too painful now for speech. She started to recite the rosary, letting her lips move noiselessly to the still familiar words. She smiled to herself, thinking of the irony of the situation. How many years was it since she had last prayed? How many years since she really believed in her old religion? But now, as death grew closer, here she was, imploring the mother of God in the words of her childhood, to care for the souls of herself and the child who was about to die with her.      
She drifted uneasily between awareness and a kind of sleep.  As she opened her eyes, perhaps for the last time, she became dimly aware of movement close to her. It was coming from where the window had been. Someone was lifting out the make shift flag, and, with oddly detached interest, she watched the piece of wood that supported it disappear from view. She was falling asleep again. She heard Myles’ voice in her dream and that felt good. Then there was the sound of axes, tools and cutting equipment, and men’s voices. She was vaguely aware of Gabriella being lifted off her lap, and then she was pulled up. The cool clear air of the outside world washed over her.  




 
Chapter Thirty


Louise stood dazed as Faye and Gabriella were bundled into the waiting ambulance, surrounded by paramedics who were checking vital signs and putting oxygen masks on their faces.  Myles climbed in after them, with no other thought than being with his wife. 
The ambulance swept off, its blue light and siren hardly making any impact on the general noise and vivid explosive flashes around it. Louise was left staring at the scene, her relief at having found them alive being replaced by a cold anger and a need for justice. She was approached by one of the fire officers.
“Excuse me,” he said, raising his voice to be heard. “They say you are police, is that right?”
“Yes.”
“Good. We are getting some more of your boys down here soon. I’ve called Lewes. This was no accident. Judging by the course of the fire and the evidence we found around the seat of it, we suspect an accelerant was used. If we are right, and forensics are on their way to check things out, then this is an attempted murder. A double murder attempt, apart from the risks that my lads have been exposed to. This kind of thing really makes my blood boil.”
“Mine too. Inspector Radley is on his way, with a team. I called the station while you were cutting them out. They should be here any minute. The girl’s mother has been told, and she is going straight to the hospital. There are a number of people we are going to want to speak to tonight.”
“That girl… she had been reported missing, hadn’t she?”
“Yes. She must have been being held here all that time. I suspect she is lucky to be alive. I believe something really horrible has been going on here.”
“Then it deserves to be burnt to the ground,” he said, heading back towards his colleagues as the first of the police cars arrived at the scene. Louise went to meet them. Radley got out of the leading car.
“Bad business this, Louise,” he said “Thank God you got here in time. Well done for raising the alarm and saving those girls. Good piece of police work. Aiden has picked up Alan Knightly. Now if you would like to get back to the station and assist him with questioning Knightly, I’ll take over here.”
“It’s not Alan we need to talk to now sir; it’s Peter Johnson and Jez Markam.”
“No, no. Aiden told me about the T-shirt. That links Knightly to the Barbara Jenkins murder, and through that to Anna Cox’s killing. Aiden said that that was where your investigation was leading. Isn’t that right, Louise?” 
“It was, but this changes everything. This implicates Peter and Jez. Surely they must be picked up, before they make a run for it.”
There was a flash of anger across Radley’s face. “I’d prefer it if you would leave those two to me,” he said stonily. “Peter Johnson is on his way here. Get back to the station, Louise. You aren’t needed here anymore. Do your report, and then help Aiden with Alan Knightly.”
Louise drove back across town, her anxiety and frustration increasing with every minute. It almost felt as if Radley was determined to divert attention away from the real suspects, Peter Johnson and Jerry Markam. Almost as if he wanted to give them time to get away.  
She began to recall various incidents to do with her dealings with Radley, and they took on a new more sinister significance. Why, for instance, did he delegate her, one of the least experienced of his officers, to what had turned out to be the most important cases to hit Seaford for many years? At the time she had felt flattered, as if she was finally being given a break, but now she felt used and manipulated. 
Was she supposed to fail? Of course she was. Then there was his reaction when he mentioned talking to P.J’s, and how he had insisted Peter knew in advance of their visit? Was he protecting someone? 
Why had Radley suddenly become so unexpectedly friendly after ignoring and disliking her for so long? Was that about getting her trust? Making her more likely to work under his direction and to want to keep in his good books, rather than risking her becoming a loose cannon, going off on her own, and spoiling his plans?
She phoned Aiden.
“Have you spoken to Alan Knightly yet?” she asked. “Radley has sent me back to join you, and I’m on my way, but I’d far rather go and make sure Peter Johnston and Jerry Markam are not thinking of running off anywhere. Radley seems happy to let them make their own way to the factory. I’m absolutely sure they won’t be doing that. If I was in their shoes, I’d bolt as quick as I could. What do you think?”
“I agree, and I’m ahead of you there, Louise. I’ve got addresses for both of them. Peter’s was easy enough, but Markham has vacated his own place and is living with his mother. Alan Knightly is here. No one has spoken to him yet, but he is being cooperative. He can wait. 
I’ve heard all about the fire at the factory. This must mean that both Peter and Jerry have got something to hide. I don’t know why Radley is not acting more quickly where they are concerned. Four cars and a couple of top brass from HQ have arrived here. Apparently the chief fire officer deals directly with Lewes, so it’s all out of Radley’s hands now anyway. I’ll have to run it past the chief guy here, and I’ll see if we can send a car for Peter. You and I can meet at Jerry Markam’s. It would give me great pleasure to pull him in.”
“Fine, give me the address, and I’ll head straight there. Ring back if there is any change if plan.”
The address he gave was a short way past the factory estate. Louise turned her car and headed back the way she had come. A quick glance at the vehicles around the still burning factory indicated that little had changed since she left, confirming her fears that contrary to a person’s normal response in this kind of situation, neither of the key holders were in any hurry to get there. She started to drive faster.
 Louise rounded the turning into an exclusive little close and had no trouble immediately spotting the house she needed. It was the only one fully lit up, with its door wide open and someone loading all of his worldly belongings into an estate car parked on the drive. Louise parked across the drive, blocking the car in, and she reached for her warrant card. 
Jerry Markam appeared and rapped hard on her window.
“Move your car! Get out of my way,” he said. “I’m just leaving. I’ve got a plane to catch.”
Louise got out, showing her warrant card.
“Just a few words first, if you don’t mind, Mr Markam. It is Mr Jez Markam, isn’t it?”
“Yes it is,” he said, straining to see her properly in the darkness. “You came to the factory, didn’t you?  I co-operated fully with you, and I made it clear that I have nothing further to say, so get out of my way, lady. If I miss my flight, you will be in serious trouble.”
“You are aware that there has been a fire at the premises that you manage with Mr Peter Johnston, I believe.”
“Yes, I am aware. I have nothing to say about it at all. It’s Peter’s place. I’m no longer involved. Now please move your car; I wish to leave now.”
“I’m afraid it’s not going to be possible to do that,” said Louise, desperately hoping that Aiden would turn up soon. “I am going to have to ask you to accompany me to the police station. It would seem that that there is evidence that the fire at the factory may have been deliberate. We really do need to speak to everyone who had any business there. I’m sure you understand that.”
“No I don’t. It’s not my business. You speak to Peter about it. I’m out of it. It’s nothing to do with me. Get out my way.”
He made a move to push Louise towards her car. She sidestepped him, and he wavered for an instant.
“You haven’t forgotten the broken nose then, Jerry,” she said.
 But then a woman came out of the house, striding angrily up to them.
“Who is this person, Jeremy?” she asked, looking at Louise. “I don’t know what you want, young woman, but my son has no time for this now. He’s leaving the country tonight, so you might as well just go away.”
“I’m a police officer,” Louise replied, showing her warrant card again. “I’m not going anywhere, and neither are you two.” 
“Let me deal with this, Mother. Go back inside.”
“Jeremy, Noel said he would make sure no one came here tonight. This woman is working outside her authority. She has no right to be here. You do know who Inspector Noel Radley is, don’t you?” she said, turning to Louise. “He is your senior. Are you going to go against his instructions? On your head be it, if you do.”  
Louise shook her head. “Jeremy Markam and Penny Markam, I’m arresting both of you on suspicion of arson and attempted murder,” Louise said evenly. “You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you say may be given in evidence. Do you have anything you wish to say?”
“Murder? Jeremy doesn’t know anything about a murder.” Mrs Markam shouted, raising her hand to hit Louise. 
Louise swung away from the blow, but Jerry grabbed her by both shoulders, lifting her bodily, and throwing her down with such force that the hit her head on the kerb and lay stunned for a moment or two. She was only dimly aware that her pockets were being gone through and her keys taken, before a final angry kick landed in the small of her back. 
Struggling to fight of grogginess and nausea, she gathered her senses sufficiently to be aware of sirens as police cars swept round the bend. She heard shouting. Jerry was forcibly removed from her car, and then she heard Aiden’s voice issuing a further caution.
“Jerry Markam, I’m arresting you on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, you do not have to say anything...”
Louise staggered to her feet in time to see the handcuffs being put in place and Jerry being bundled into the back of a police car.
“Steady, Louise,” said Aiden, as she lurched towards him. “People might think you are pleased to see me. Seriously, though, are you okay? We ought to get you to hospital.”
“No, I’m fine. You took your time though. I thought we might lose him, Aiden. He was already to make off. I only just got here in time. Have they picked up the other one yet?”
“I hope so. They left the same time we did, so with any luck they’ll be back at the station by the time we get there. I’m sorry I was delayed. I had to explain enough to satisfy Chief Inspector Dennis, the senior chap that came down from Lewes. He sent a car for Johnson, and we came straight over here.”
“I know. You did well. Look, we have got to take Jerry Markam’s mother in as well. I’m afraid she let slip that Radley was trying to protect them.”
“No! Louise...”
“Just take her in, Aiden. It’ll all be sorted out there.”
 “Okay, I’ll do that, but we must get you to hospital. That’s the next step, isn’t it?”
“No way. I’m going straight to the nick. I’ll see you there, Aiden,” she said, and she got into her own car. 
She drove slowly, her head throbbing and occasionally swimming, back to the police station. She tried, en route, to make sense all the information she had just received. Radley was bent; she was sure of that now. Was Aiden too? Was Radley in it as deep as both Jerry and Peter, or was he just on the outside, protecting friends or getting money to turn a blind eye? Did any of it have anything to do with the murder of Anna Cox, and Barbara Jenkins before that? Her gut feeling was that there had to be a connection. But there was also some form of connection to the Knightlys. There had to be for Christian to know as much as he did. He had witnessed something. But again she drew a blank.
 Arriving at the station, she found her usually quiet place of work in an absolute hive of activity, and full of people from head office who she barely recognised. With surprise, she noticed Bob still on the front desk.
“No sleep for any of us tonight, Louise,” he said. “All hands on deck, as it were. But you look awful, what’s happened, are you okay.”
“I’m fine. I had a bit of a run in with Jerry Markam, but I’m okay, really. Aiden and co are bringing Markam in now. Did someone pick Peter Johnson up? And is Radley here?”
“Yes, Peter Johnson has just arrived, and no, Radley has not. Johnson is being interviewed by Chief Inspector Dennis. Radley is still at the scene.” 
“I need to speak to the Chief Inspector, if that’s possible.”
“It should be. In fact, I’m sure he will want to speak to you. Aiden has already filled him in about your involvement, and he was very interested, to say nothing of impressed. He quickly authorised Aiden to pick up Johnson and Markam, and he made sure he was well supported and that there were certainly enough coppers around by then. I’ve never seen the place so full. Hey, look here now. Who is this arriving?” 
They turned towards a commotion going on at the entrance, and Louise saw Jerry Markam being brought in with his mother. They had arrived, coincidentally, at the same time that Inspector Radley returned to the station. While Jerry was arguing the toss loudly with anyone in earshot, Mrs Markam appeared to be trying to give Radley a piece of her mind without letting the accompanying officers hear. Louise focussed her attention on them.
“Noel, how could you let this happen?” she heard her whisper. “What happened to our agreement? Twelve hours, you said. What the hell was all that money we gave you for?”
Louise stepped forward and looked Radley squarely in the eye.
“Detective Inspector Noel Radley, I am arresting you on suspicion of perverting the course of justice, and hindering a police investigation...”
    A louder voice took over. “You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.”
Louise turned to see who had spoken over her and recognised Chief Inspector Dennis from her brief induction at Head Quarters two years ago. 
Looking at Radley with disgust, he beckoned two of his officers forward and indicated that they should take him to one of the interview rooms. He turned to Louise.
“Louise Highcroft? I told them to tell me as soon as you arrived,” he said, answering her unspoken question. “I need a full account from you as soon as possible.” He looked at the wound on her head. 
“That looks nasty. Perhaps we should get you checked out first.”
“No, I’m fine. Really I am. Can we talk now?”
“If you’re sure you’re okay. I’m using Radley`s office.” 
She followed Chief Inspector Dennis mutely as he showed her into the familiar office. He waved at a chair, and she sat down, suddenly feeling unsteady with exhaustion, shock and pain.    
Sir,” she began, “you know about the case against Christian Knightly for the murder of Anna Cox and his confession.” 
“Yes, I’ve been following the case, with interest.”
“Earlier today, Aiden and I found a T-shirt that links Christian with a previous murder, that of Barbara Jenkins fifteen years ago. I think that Christian must have witnessed that murder when he was only four years old, and was so terrified that he blocked it out of his mind. But the memories have been resurfacing and causing him to say the things he does. Something brought it back to him six months ago. I think what brought it back to him was seeing Jerry Markam in Seaford. We need to check it out, obviously, but I believe that Penny Markam must be Alan Knightly’s ex-wife, and that her son Jeremy is the stepbrother who bullied and terrorised Christian when he was younger. I think that new forensic evidence will put Jeremy Markam in the frame for the Barbara Jenkins murder, and that now that we will also find forensic evidence that links him with Anna Cox. Penny runs a modelling agency that provides him with girls to make films, the nature of which is not yet clear.”
The words had come out in a rush. Relief and the feeling that a breakthrough had finally been reached made Louise direct and articulate. She paused while Dennis digested the facts. He sat silent for a few moments so she added, “Thank God Gabriella has been found alive.” She stood up as if to leave.
“Stay where you are please, Louise,” Chief Inspector Dennis said, picking up the phone. “Could you bring Alan Knightly in here, please?” He turned back to Louise. “This won’t take long. Then we are getting you off to hospital, where you belong.” He hurriedly rearranged the seats in the office, placing Louise next to himself, with chairs for Alan and his escort opposite them. 
Alan was brought in by a uniformed officer who Louise didn’t know. Dennis stood and introduced himself and Louise and indicated where they should sit.
“Mr Knightly, I would like to ask you a few questions regarding a murder investigation. Do you wish to have a solicitor present?”
“No thank you, it’s fine.” Alan seemed despondent but resigned and very much in control of himself.
“We need to tape this interview. Is that all right with you, Mr Knightly?”
“Of course.”
“Make the arrangements, please, officer. Mr Knightly, are you aware that you are still under caution?”
“Yes.”
The equipment was quickly set up. 
“Right then, Mr Knightly. Could you confirm on tape that you have been reminded that you are under caution, and that you know you have a right to remain silent, and you know that anything you say may be taken down in evidence and may be used in court?”
“Yes.”
“And you have declined a solicitor?”
“Yes.”
“Mr Knightly, today this officer here unearthed evidence that connects your son to a murder that happened some fifteen years ago. She found your son’s tee shirt among evidence that was found at the scene of the murder. Your son was a very young child at the time. Could you explain to us how an article of his clothing came to be found at a murder scene?”
Alan looked uncomfortable.
“I don’t know. I can’t account for it,” he said.
“Mr Knightly, that’s really not good enough. Your son, in the course of his illness, has been describing the murder victim, the method of killing, and he even took officers to the location. Your son was an infant. Are you telling me that you, or some other responsible adult, were not aware of his every movement?”
“Were going back many years now.”
“I understand that, but if Christian witnessed a murder, he would have shown huge distress. Possibly over many months. Are you telling me you didn`t notice anything? Cast your mind back, please.”
Alan sat in silence.
“Mr Knightly,” Dennis was losing his patience. “Did you stab to death a young girl known as Barbara Jenkins fifteen years ago? Was your son watching while you did it? Please it is time for the truth now.”
“No. I didn’t kill her.”
Denholm leaned forward in his seat. 
“No, Mr Knightly, but I suspect you know who did.”
“Look, I never knew anything,” he said, with emphasis on the word ‘knew’ “I had my suspicions, but only much later. At the time I didn’t know, or even suspect, anything.”
“That’s better. Now we’re getting somewhere. Tell us about those suspicions that you had later, Mr Knightly.” 
“Can I start at the beginning of it all?”
“Yes, Mr Knightly, we would be pleased if you did.”
“My wife, Christian’s mother died when he was three. It was natural causes, of course; she had cancer. I remarried in haste. I was lonely. I couldn’t cope on my own with a small child. I guess I was still grieving, really. I was thinking only of myself, I know, but I also think I thought I could provide more stability for Christian, giving him back the mother he had lost. 
“The woman I met, Penny Gerrard, had a son of her own, who she clearly adored and spoilt beyond measure. He was seventeen by then, nearly an adult, and thirteen years older than Christian. I thought that, given time, Penny would love and care for Christian just as much as she did her own son. She pretended to like him before we married. She seemed caring and loving. She made a fuss of me. She said she loved me and would help me in every way with Christian and my business, before we married, that is. Then she changed very quickly.” 
He took a deep breath.
“Penny quickly proved to be only after my money and a comfortable life for herself and her son. Any affection she showed for me disappeared very quickly, and she started to act as if she absolutely hated Christian. She had a hot temper and bullied both of us.
“Christian, of course, got the worst of it, being just a youngster and at home with her all the time. At first his Grandmother Alison, who was my first wife’s mother would come and take Chris out, and she would try and tell me what was going on. I’d have it out with Penny, and more rows would happen, making things worse for Chris in the long run. Eventually there was a big row and Alison stopped coming. 
“I got Christian off to school as early as I possibly could. I hoped that this would improve the situation, and that it would put an end to some of the resentment that Penny felt at being tied in with a child long after her own son had passed that stage. Not that she wanted to do anything with her time other than sit in a beauty parlour or a coffee shop with her awful friends.   
“So Christian started at St Richards at the age of three. I took him in the mornings, and Penny had said she would collect him, but she often left it to her son. One day I came back from my office in London. I would usually get back at about seven. Penny and Jeremy seemed strange, a bit concerned about something. Chris was in bed. Usually he would still be up, and I would put him to bed, but she said he was ill. She said she was worried about him, and actually seemed quite caring for a change. She said she had given him Calpol and a spoonful of brandy to sooth him, and that he was sleeping.
“I went up to look at him. He didn’t seem feverish and was fast asleep, so I left him. Penny seemed agitated when I came back down. She told me Christian had been having bad dreams. She said he had dreamt about someone being hurt by Jeremy and laughed it off as absurd. Later that evening, she told me that she was going to leave me, just calmly and out of the blue, not in an argument or anything. 
“She said she had decided things weren’t working out between us, and that she wanted to take Jeremy to Spain. I was surprised, but, I must say, very relieved. She went on to say that even though she knew she was entitled to half of my home and business she wouldn’t push for anything other than their fares and fifty thousand pound to get started in Spain. That was a lot of money fifteen years ago, but I agreed to it just to get rid of the pair of them. 
“Penny became absolutely charming then. I said I could raise the money in about seven days, and she said she would keep ‘poor little Christian’ at home for the week, so that he could get over his illness and those awful dreams. Then she said she wanted one more favour. She told me Jeremy’s girlfriend, Barbara Jenkins, had disappeared suddenly. They both knew that she had run away from home to work in London. 
“She said she had told them in confidence that that was what she was going to do, but her family were worried, and they had got the police involved. Penny said that Jeremy would keep being pulled in for questioning because Barbara had told her parents that she was meeting Jeremy when she was actually leaving for London. Penny said that the truth was that Barbara had split up with Jeremy, and he had been so upset that since taking Barbara home to her parents three days before she disappeared, Jeremy had spent every minute of his time with his own mother. Well he would, wouldn’t he?
“The police wouldn’t accept this. They kept calling him in and asking more questions, and this might delay their departure for Spain. She asked if I would say that I knew where both of them were for every second of those crucial days, as a statement from me would carry more weight than hers did. She said that this would clear the whole matter up, and they could go to Spain.  
“And, God help me, eventually I agreed. I wanted rid of them so badly, and at the time, I honestly didn’t suspect that Barbara had come to harm. I believed what Penny had told me. That she wanted a new life for Jeremy because his heart had been broken when Barbara dumped him. I gave the police the statement, and they both left. Christian gradually got his confidence back and became a cheerful little boy again. His Nanny Alison looked after him after school.”
“It wasn’t until eighteen months later, when Barbara`s body was found, that I started to think that there might have been more to it all than I had been led to believe.”
“But you didn’t come forward even then. Did you, Mr Knightly?”
“I was going to. When all the publicity started and there were police everywhere, searching for clues. I got ready to go down and tell them about my false statement. Then they arrested someone else, and it seemed from all the newspaper reports that it was cut and dried. There seemed to be no doubt at all that this person had murdered Barbara Jenkins. He still had the murder weapon. It was found hidden in his bedroom. So that was that. I decided that Jeremy wasn’t involved at all and left it at that. 
“Then, when Christian’s mind went, I started to think about it all over again. It started to look as if he had witnessed something, but again I made excuses. I didn’t want him stirred up by something that might have been irrelevant. When he confessed to murdering Anna Cox, it was all too late. Nothing I could have said would have been believed. I came in here, trying to tell them what I knew, trying to tell them anything that would help Christian, but no-one would listen. I was just the deranged father, trying to get his son off the hook.”
“But you didn’t even tell the people who were trying to treat Christian, did you? Why not Mr Knightly? It would have helped them know what was wrong with him. Why on earth did you stay silent even to them?”
“I don’t know. I think I just pretended to myself that it didn’t matter. They were saying Chris was delusional. It was easier for me to believe this than look at the alternatives. It did occur to me, from time to time, to mention it, but I felt embarrassed. It wasn’t easy to admit to lying to the police like that. Or to admit to letting Christian down so badly. What would people have thought of me? I convinced myself that the fallout would do Chris more harm than good, but basically, I was ashamed and didn’t want people to know how badly I’d behaved.  
“I know it sounds pathetic, I hadn’t bothered with women for years. But the nurse who was coming to the house was all kindness and sympathy for Christian and me. I suppose I took a bit of a shine to her. I wanted her to like me. I couldn’t bring myself to tell her something that would make her despise me.”
Chief Inspector Dennis looked at him coldly. 
“Mr Knightly, are you aware that a young man has spent the last fifteen years in prison for something it now looks as though he didn’t do? And that you could have helped avoid this?”
“Yes,” Alan replied. “I do, and I regret it with all my heart.” 
“You will be charged with making a false statement and attempting to pervert the course of justice, Mr Knightly. The papers will be sent to the Crown Prosecution Service who may or may not take it further. You will have to surrender your passport and undertake to remain in the UK, and to keep the police informed of your whereabouts until this matter is resolved.”
“You’ve already got my passport.”  
“We’ll hang on to it then. Before you go, I would like you to identify two individuals who are being held here.”
Louise followed as the Chief Inspector led Alan out of the room and down the corridor to one of the other interview rooms.
She stood aside while they cast their eyes over the two people being flanked by officers as they waited to be interviewed.
Alan drew back in surprise, and said; “That is Penny Gerard, who became Penny Knightly when we married, and that is her son Jeremy Gerard.”





Chapter Thirty-one


Louise went to her desk to write up her own paper work. Aiden stood up grinning at her as passed him and began a handclap. A few others, and then all of them, stood up and joined in. 
“Thanks, and well done to you, Aiden, and everyone else who helped,” she said, and she sat down, smiling self-consciously.
Aiden pulled his chair over and sat next to her. “There are going to be some here who resent what happened to Radley, Louise, but take no notice,” he said quietly.  “Radley’s bent. He deserves all he gets. You did a fantastic job. You are a fantastic cop, so don’t worry about what anyone else thinks. There’s also bound to be a little professional jealousy about. Just ignore that, and it will pass. I know; I’m an expert on professional jealousy.”
“Thanks, Aiden.” 
“Tell us what’s happening then, Louise? You were with the Chief Inspector just now, weren’t you?” He spoke more loudly this time, and she was aware of others around them listening. “We’re only all still here, pretending to work, because we want the gossip.” 
Louise filled them in, and as she did so, she started to feel part of the team at last.
    
	 
Faye stirred in her hospital bed to find Myles had gone. She had vague recollections of him being with her the previous times she had woken, and of his reassuring presence helping her get through a difficult night. She still felt exhausted, and her throat hurt a lot. She was aware that she had got off lightly given the circumstances, and that she had been told that Gabriella was also unscathed, physically at least, which was a small miracle given the intensity of the blaze from which they were plucked in the nick of time. There was a nurse checking her obs. and recording them on the chart at the end of the bed.   
“Well, you’re going to be a bit of a celebrity, you know,” the nurse said cheerily, seeing her open her eyes. “We’ve had the all the newspapers and even the television stations calling asking after you already.”
“Good heavens, have you? What on earth do you tell them?”
“Nothing at all. They are passed on to an official spokes-person, and we aren’t even allowed to confirm that you are here. The mother of the girl who came in with you asked after you as well.”
Louise was sitting quietly by the bed when Faye opened her eyes the next time.
“Oh, hello,” she said. “I hope I didn’t wake you. I was thinking of creeping away and letting you sleep on.”
“No, that’s fine. I’m glad to see you, really,” Faye said, fumbling for a drink from her locker. Louise poured her the water and passed it to her.
“I thought I should bring you up to date with developments,” Louise said. “Myles said you would want to know how it all turned out in the end. He’s giving your house a spring clean, and he’s getting his parents to bring the children back. He thinks it’ll be better if they are here.”
“He’s right. I do need to see them.” 
“And he thinks it’s important that you don’t go home to an untidy place. He’ll be along in an hour or two.”
 “Poor Myles. It’s the shock, I suppose. He should be getting some sleep not running himself ragged. I never did care about domestic chores.” She pulled herself up into a sitting position. “Come on then, Louise, tell me all about it. How did it all end?”
Louise told her everything she had found out over the course of that very long night. 
“A number of other unsolved murder investigations are being reopened,” she concluded. “Jerry and his mother have been moving around Europe since they left Seaford, soon after Barbara’s murder. They’ve been making a living from the porn industry, and there are several disappearances and violent deaths that their names are linked with already. It seems that after being spurned by Barbara, Jerry has taken out his revenge on as many women as he could ever since.”
“My God, Louise! How could anyone be so evil?” 
“You’ve seen him. You know his character as well as I do. He’s spoilt and arrogant beyond all reason, and he couldn’t cope with the blow to his pride that she dealt him. Plus, he’s got a mother who’s just as bad. She’s suspected of killing off a partner or two herself. Being widowed three times must be more than just coincidence. And she endorses everything he does, however bad it is.”
They sat silent for a moment. Faye needed time to absorb all this before she spoke. 
“But Alan,” she said, “who could have believed he would do what he did? And to think, when I was struggling with my marriage, I thought that he was the better man.”
“Better man? When Myles would have stormed a burning building to save you?”
“Well, I didn’t know that then, did I? Any more than I knew that Alan was cowardly and deceitful.”
 “That’s a bit harsh,” Louise said. “I thought you were the sympathetic one.”
“I have just nearly been burnt alive because of this whole mess, Louise. Alan might have prevented that if he had told all he knew or suspected earlier.” 
“I know.” 
“It goes to show, doesn’t it? There really is no telling how people will react when the chips are down. How on earth will he live with himself?”
“I don’t know. But I guess he’ll find a way. People always do.”
“Will he be charged?” Faye asked.
“Probably, but he hasn’t been kept in custody. I think the courts will probably go easy on him. He wasn’t deliberately getting someone off a murder charge. I have no doubt that he believed Jerry’s story at the very beginning. His mental state, less than a year after his wife’s death, will be taken into account, and I don’t think he will be considered to the only one to blame. The police don’t come out smelling of roses either.”    
 “Oh.”
“Yes. I know you will be too polite to ask, but yes, my father was one of the ones that didn’t come up smelling of roses. But according to an old friend of his and mine, he learnt from it. If he had thought for one moment Neil was innocent, he would have tried to help him. So I can still feel proud of him, even though he’s a bit of a tarnished hero now. Also, I feel I know him better now than I did when he was alive. Does that sound daft?”
“Of course not. You can’t really know or love a hero unless he is tarnished. It’s that that makes him a real person, after all. What’s happening with Christian? Does he know how it turned out?”
“Yes. There’s a police family liaison officer with him, keeping him informed. So he has heard everything just before the rest of the world. All charges against him have been dropped. So will he be all right now, do you think? I mean, is he still schizophrenic? Or was that a wrong diagnosis all the time? Will he get better now?”
“I’m damned if I know. I think it’s quite probable that he had a psychotic breakdown due to the earlier trauma, and now we know what caused it, I think he stands a much better chance of making a full recovery. I do hope so anyway.”
There was a brooding silence between them for a moment or two, before Faye spoke again.
“I suppose I should feel a little satisfaction that it’s all over at last, but I don’t. I just feel numb.”
“So do I. I feel flat, the same as you, I think. It was my first case, a murder case, and it was a success. We will get a conviction, and beyond a shadow of a doubt we’ve got the right person this time. But you can’t take any joy out of something that has ruined so many lives, can you?”
“No. I suppose that’s it,” Faye replied, picking up Louise’s hand and giving it a gentle squeeze. “You did so well, though. You’re going to have a great career.”
“But now we’re both weary and emotionally shot. That’s our trouble. I’ve missed a night’s sleep, and you’ve simply been to hell and back.”
At that moment, a nurse drew back the curtains a little and peeped in,
“Sorry to disturb you, but I thought you both ought to see this,” she said, switching the television on. She left them watching the news.
They sat in silence as pictures of Norma Osborne flashed on to the screen. She was smiling amid a crowd of well-wishers, as she waited to welcome her son home. The car drew up, and he got out looking around in stunned disbelief followed by obvious pleasure. Mother and son embraced and then managed to exchange a few delighted words with the press before they disappeared into the house for what they declared would be the celebration of the century.
“It was worth it, wasn’t it, Louise. Getting involved, I mean, against the advice of practically everybody?” Faye asked her, feeling lighter in mood than she had for many days.
Before Louise could answer, Myles and the children bounded into the room. Sam climbed onto Faye’s bed, and Ellie made herself comfortable on Louise’s lap. 
“That shows you’re considered family now, Louise, whether you like it or not,” Myles said, greeting his wife with a kiss.
“I do like it,” she replied. “And yes, Faye, it was well worth it, to me at least, every single bit of it.” 

			The End







 It you liked NO TELLING, look out for further books in the HIGHCROFT and LOVALL series.
 
