


THE COPENHAGEN PROJECT

Copyright 2011  K.Sandersen
Smashwords Edition 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



 Chapter 1

Cambridge University Genetics labs, UK; July 2001


I know that something is wrong the minute my office phone rings: no-one ever tries to call me out of hours. 
As is the usual pattern for a 38-year-old academic trying to earn a permanent position, I have been in the group lab on my weekend. Enjoying the stillness; away from the flock of pain-in-the-ass students who are usually stuffed in two-to-a-bench. 
My lab office is my sanctuary: a tiny windowless bolthole with glass sliding doors and just enough space for my trusty Mac, a phone and a mountain of paper. Including a pile of scientific reviews on gene therapy that I will one day put in order so that someone other than myself can use them. 
I had been sitting at my desk and checking through my latest vector designs as the phone rang, so I take the phone immediately. 
”Dr. Lone Christensen, Genetics”. 
It still feels delicious to use my title, even so many years after being awarded my PhD.
There is an awkward cough, and then a softly spoken Scottish voice introduces himself as Inspector Wheedle. 
”I am most sorry to disturb you Ma’am”, he trills in an elderly voice, then coughs again, ”but we have just been by your residence at Sidney Sussex college and were informed by Professor Chiswick that you would be here”. 
I don’t have time for niceties when I am in the middle of my work, something that new PhD students learn to their cost. I decide that sarcasm is the best defence in a situation such as this.
”Well, I am most pleased that you were able to use your detective abilities to track me down here, inspector,” I say, ”But I am afraid that I am rather busy with some sequence data here. Perhaps you could care to enlighten me about why you need to speak to me so urgently?”
More coughing. ”Well my dear, I would very much like to be able to talk to you in person. Perhaps you could possibly do me a favour and come to the front door of the genetics department? I am standing outside the main door here with my assistant detective.” Slick, over-respectful. He deserves his name, I am thinking. He adds slightly more urgently, ”and it is raining cats and dogs my dear, we would be most grateful if you would let us in”. 
He is a policeman. There is nothing for it but to traipse through the white double doors of the lab and take a closer look at these most unwelcome visitors, on what could otherwise have been a highly productive Saturday evening. 
I reach the entrance of the department, thick glass doors through which I catch my first glimpse of the balding Wheedle, not in the best of health and dressed in a full-length grey trench coat that accentuates his shortness. His assistant stands some way back, a skinny young man around my age who looks a little in awe of me. Young skinny English men do seem to have a tendency to be nervous around Scandinavian, ash-blonde women – even those approaching 40. 
I note with some satisfaction that the two men are soaked through and do not appear to have an umbrella. So I am not the only one now having a bad day. 
Wheedle gestures at the front door with his ID card and I open it a crack to inspect the plastic-coated card before letting them both in.
They stand in the white hallway, dripping onto the anti-static mats on the floor and looking around curiously. 
”Well, what is it?” I ask the two policemen. ”I assume that it must be urgent otherwise you wouldn’t be disturbing me at my workplace. Has the department lost some more radioactive samples that can’t be traced?”. I remember well the ruckus caused some years back when a cleaning lady accidentally disposed of a large amount of radioactive cells: hordes of detectives were interviewing University employees in the labs at all hours of the day to try and winkle out the miscreants. 
The two men exchange looks. The younger detective backs slightly away. Wheedle spreads his arms, spraying raindrops over the bare walls. 
”Perhaps we can go somewhere to sit down? I’m afraid that it is not good news that we are bearing”.
My stomach tightens, but I am an expert at keeping my feelings to myself. I motion them over to the lab. We walk silently down the corridor, through the double doors and settle on three high lab stools by the benches. The younger detective notices the coffee machine in the neighbouring computer room and wanders towards it to find some suitable hot drinks. I am left alone with Wheedle, who is looking gravely at me from his lab stool. He reminds me of a well-fed pigeon sitting on a branch, perched as he is so high above the floor on the stool, his stomach puffed out. He removes his trench coat delicately to reveal a black suit underneath, lays the coat on the pristine lab bench (despite my disapproving stares) and fixes his eyes on me again. 
”It’s about your father, Lone”. 
I know at once of course, my subconscious knew it from the moment he rang. No-one bothers me at all unless it is urgent, and this was very urgent if two strangers were prepared to walk over here in the pouring rain, in the vague hope of finding me. 
I can’t process what they are telling me at first. Eventually my mind registers that they are trying to tell me that my father is dead. Something about my father’s body being found at the bottom of a Gloucestershire cliff. 
I can’t take it in of course: I feel empty; dead inside. The human body is quite well programmed to deal with these types of situations: initially, it refuses to accept them. 
So I stay seated for a few minutes, nodding gravely, refusing to believe this strange news. I think of my father, my Far. My mind flicks over snapshots of his face, frozen in time. When did I last see him? My memory tries to trace his last visit and gives up; it is at least 5 years since we spoke. And yet…It occurs to me that as an only child, my strained relationship to my widowed father is the only thing I have left besides my work and my lab. 
Or was. I feel an inkling, a nanogram, of shock: now this connection to my Far has been severed and I am truly alone for the first time in my life. 
I withdraw more into myself, I cannot bear that these two intruders should see my naked feelings, so I blink my eyes and focus on the glycolysis poster stuck up on the lab wall by one the neurophysiologists: glucose-6-phosphate, ATP, ADP,… the chemical names start to blur.
The lad comes back with some coffee and we sit in silence on the stools, cradling the luke-warm cups. Wheedle pats my shoulder gently and sighs in his best Scottish brogue that he is so so sorry my dear...
I note that Wheedle is slipping into some kind of automatic mourning routine. Just as a student can mechanically pipette the same chemical into his hundredth cell line assay without even registering the effort in his brain, so Wheedle appears to be comfortable with this role. I wonder whether he is always sent on these death rounds to supply the right tact and tone. Scottish gravity. Sincerity. Bullshit in a comforting accent.
He continues to pat my shoulder gently. ”Unfortunately my dear, I have further bad news for you”. The lad looks down at the floor. This would appear to be his first time, and he’s not handling it very well. Neither am I. I cannot speak any more: I am afraid I will reveal myself, show weakness. 
Wheedle mis-interprets my angry silence as continued disbelief and seizes the opportunity to cup my hand in his while he delivers the last blow: ”My dear, I am afraid that your father deliberately chose to fall from the cliffs that day rather than continue with his life.” He continues, slightly woodenly,  ”I am so sorry for your loss”.
 Of course, I know the cliffs very well where my father had plummeted to his death. The rocks at Symond’s Yat house the biggest attraction of the area: a peregrine falcon nesting site. I went there many times as a young child with him to track the progress of the peregrines, and they became something of an obsession to my father. I can’t imagine how it must have been to fall from that height, to take that decision. 
And I can’t actually fully imagine at this point in time that my father is actually dead. It is much easier to get angry at a couple of intruders.
Before I can speak, Wheedle crushes my hand protectively and drops his last bombshell: 
”Cambridge University has requested that the police do not reveal the details of your father’s motivation but instead report the incident as...an accident...a dreadful accident. Your father was a famous scientist Lone - with a reputation as a first-class Danish academic - and in this instance we are willing to be discreet about his suicide in order to protect the public interest. The University has already sent out a press release to protect you from receiving any awkward questions”. He gives me a tight smile.
I should feel grateful for this small mercy? Now I understand why they needed to catch me in the lab: to prevent me from discovering the news in the national papers tomorrow. Obviously, policemen are not that aware of how few young, ambitious, post-doctoral researchers have time to keep up with events in the real world.
I am unable to control my anger now. I stand up, pull my hands away from his grasp, and place them behind my head. 
”I cannot believe this rubbish, I’m sorry. What on earth makes you think that my father would commit suicide? He was a highly successful academic, he would not do anything so irrational as this.” 
I am blinking hard now. The detectives exchange looks again. Wheedle takes out a small scrap of paper from his pocket. I recognise the paper instantly: it has been ripped from my father’s field notebook. The policeman offers it to me, wordlessly. I open out the folded page and scan the contents.

Lone, please forgive me. 
 I am so very sorry.
Dad
 
 The note is written very precisely in small, wide-spaced letters. That familiar handwriting. I scan it for meaning. This also feels wrong, I know it. 
Sorry about what? Sorry for writing such an absolute nothing in the suicide note? Sorry for the failed attempt at a normal family life? 
But – and this is the rub – I know that he wasn’t. I expected at least twenty pages filled with anecdotes and reasons why his legacy was not in vain, how evolutionary theory has been shaped by his hands, or even precise instructions to me, the carrier of his academic burdens and doubts, for continuing on his work. 
 But this is nothing but an endnote on a long and winding article in some dusty journal that no-one reads. I am thinking that Far did not even have the impulse to write something personal to me. My mind flicks back to the long correspondences we sometimes had when he was travelling on his field studies. Did I mean nothing at all to him?
 He would write a lengthy description in old-fashioned Danish, detailing the best trapping techniques for catching Komodo dragons (where he, of course, was safely sitting in the jeep while the more expendable native citizens were sitting on top of the baited traps filled with carcasses). Then as an afterthought, just as the komodo dragons can poison the blood of a wounded animal by their saliva, then it would come, that gentle phrase, and of course I miss you my darling Lone, my treasure, jeg savner dig min elskede Lone, min skat. So then you are paralysed, softly dying not by the force of the jaws but by the soft lick of the tongue. 
 And another thing that is very wrong with this note: it is written in English.
 There is something about one’s mother tongue that must carry something sacred about oneself, an inner story, another way of expression. Or perhaps it was the one thing my father had to give me that he felt wasn’t corrupted by my mother’s influence. I am not sure. In any case, his insistence on the use of his Danish mother tongue was something that persisted into my adult life and made me his, something that set me apart and formed a secret connection between us, and forced me close to him, an encircling intimacy. The male seahorse harvests his young into his pouch in the same way, an enforced closeness that the young spring from once they reach a certain age. Such was our relationship with languages – he persisting to the end in corresponding in Danish while I stubbornly replied in English, even to the point of him commenting on my essays in his native tongue when he occasionally acted as my direct supervisor at Cambridge.  I complained to the college Dean of course. If I am to admit it, I yearned after the opportunity to obtain his ire in this way, to have attention poured over me. But he continued to write in Danish and there were no repercussions despite my protests – after all, he was a Professor. 
This is the first time my Far has ever called himself “Dad”. It doesn’t make any sense. I am standing in this cluttered laboratory and I cannot fathom why Far would write his last letter to me in English when I have never received anything personal from him in the language he forever considered bound to my mother. Perhaps it was a last signal of defeat to me? Or to her? But no, there is a feeling, an instinct from deep within that tells me it is wrong. 
Perhaps he is trying to tell me something else entirely.
I explain my father’s hatred for English to Wheedle. He listens politely. He nods politely. I can see that he is used to dealing with the distraught families of suicide victims. He bobs his head in a manner that is clearly supposed to convey gravity, but again ends up looking like that slightly overweight wood pigeon. This time the bird is gazing down to follow the path of a blackbird’s flight from another tree: the action is taken as a precaution, but there will be no follow-up here. Nod-nod; bob-bob. 
My father believed very deeply in the power of instinct. I too trust my own instincts here, and use them to take a decision. 
 I can play the nice girl when it suits me. Turn on the charm; act the stereotype well enough. 
”Well thank you for coming personally gentlemen” I gush, forcing the anger, confusion and hurt to the bottom of my brain. ”It is appreciated, but I hope you also understand that I would like to be alone with my thoughts”. The two men nod, Wheedle touching his breast in feigned solidarity. They get up, and we wander towards to the entrance again. Just as they are about to leave I lean in front of the glass door, preventing them leaving. I smile the widest, fakest smile I can under the circumstances and start to gush again. 
- ”I would of course like to review a full copy of the autopsy report”, I say in as sprightly a tone as I can muster, ”when it is finished of course. Just in case”. 
 They look surprised for a second but then recover their act quickly, resuming their grave nod-nods and bob-bobs. I give Wheedle my mobile phone details and let the two men trudge back to their nest to ponder this new turn of events.

***

Most children of alcoholics can recall a day when they started to wonder whether their parent was less than normal. For me, it was the day I saw the moose. I was around five years old at the time, as it was not so long after my mother’s death.
I can still picture my father's little summer house in the countryside around Helsingoer. Danish to the core: painted red and white and nestling in a little glade of young birch trees within an ancient beech forest. I recall dark rye bread always being on the table, with pickled herring jars stacked in the corner next to my father's butterfly nets and specimen jars. A biologist is always potentially at work, just in case an interesting specimen crops up of course.
I remember that my father was poring over some particularly troubling data sets from his latest fieldwork, and I was sitting on the doorstep with some wooden toy or other, when I noticed the moose. 
The animal was a handsome, impressive six-foot specimen (or perhaps that is my childhood sense of proportion playing a role - at any rate, he would have come off better in a collision on the local highway). He must have been tempted by the spindly young birch trees close to the front door. I remember that his coat was a mossy colour, as though he had just stepped out of part of the landscape around him.
Our eyes met, and after regarding me silently from moment, he snorted gently and went back to nuzzling the tree. 
I can see it now: he was perhaps 6 feet away from my silent gaze, and I watched, fascinated, as the gentle monster began to nibble the young trees. His antlers were immense, like enormous upside-down chandeliers, but I don't remember feeling any sense of fear or discomfort.
 “Far!”, I cried excitedly – “Elg! Elg!”, pointing at the moose and enunciating its name in Danish. The moose stared at me again, mildly interested in the strange noise, and then returned to nibbling bark. There’s not much that scares a six-foot moose, it would seem. 
My father, my Far, didn't even look up, but corrected me gently, stroking his ginger beard absentmindedly while engrossed in his datasets.
“Lone dear, moose are native to Sweden and not to Denmark.  It must be some type of deer instead.” 
Unperturbed, I continued pointing and shrieking. If there's one thing naturalists’ children can do correctly, it’s species recognition.
 Finally, my father looked up, irritated. He let out a gasp of surprise. 
“What an amazing sight! He's a handsome fellow, isn't he? You're right Lone – it’s a moose: Alces alces! He must have swum all the way across from Sweden - it's not unheard of, as they are strong beasts.”
Motioning me inside, he got up from the table and started phoning round the family friends. The same question each time: do they have freezer space or a trailer that he can borrow. While he was talking on the phone, he started to polish his long hunting rifle: sharp quick movements back and forth along the barrel. 
I watched him silently, interested at first. But then the penny began to drop as to what his intentions might be with respect to the moose’s fate. I remember that I started to cry, banging my toys against the wooden floor. This was my moose!
My father hushed me, concerned that I could frighten away the animal with my exertions. I clung to his arm:
“Far, I don't want you to hurt that moose, he is my friend, and he's come a long way to see me”. 
 He laughed softly, patted my light blonde hair and explained:
“Don't be sad Lone, this is how the world works. Moose are much lower animals than humans, so it’s OK to kill them. Humans are supposed to hunt moose, that's our role in life.” He paused, and added encouragingly: “You just wait and see how good it tastes! It is better than reindeer, really rich meat”.
But I was inconsolable, and after he shooed me inside I ran and lay on my bed, covering my ears with my pillow. Trying to drown out the inevitable shots that soon came in quick succession.

***

Later that day, I remember that my father entered my room with a small chunk of Moose meat, some kind of misplaced peace offering, and I promptly vomited over the bed in protest. 
He was irritated: “Lone skat, don't be silly now. This is good meat, and if I didn't shoot it then somebody else would have done: it is our role in life as hunter gatherers.”
 “You didn't have to shoot it Far, you didn't. You didn’t.” 
He tried to the cuddle me, but I shrugged my shoulders and turned to face the wall.
I had hurt him, I could hear it in his voice as he informed me that dinner was in the kitchen when I ready. 
But I didn't go down that night, as I could hear the popping of the green Tuborg beer bottles hidden in the cellar, and the quiet sobbing as my father drowned his sorrows.


***


Chapter 2

Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge University; one day before my Far’s funeral 


The wisteria plants climbing up the ancient stone walls of Hall Court are now in full bloom. My father, my Far, is gone; and I can count all of 128 flowering wisteria stems from the window of my Fellow’s quarters. I can't quite work out why this fact is important to me right now, but perhaps all scientists are inclined to draw comfort from identifying and quantifying things, and geneticists like me are no exceptions to this rule.
I find that, in any moment of insecurity, it is always best to revert to simple facts, and bury myself in work, as the littered journal articles across the oak floor of my small Fellow’s apartment - my Set - testify. 
Because if I do that, then I don't need to deal with life, and my Far's death in particular. And I can't do that yet: we have unfinished business together, he and I, and I am too angry with him just now. 
At any rate, an entire morning reading through the genetic research journals has made me starving hungry. There is a single pizza slice left in the tray I ordered in last night, and I eat it standing up, looking out of the Set’s window again to re-count the wisteria flowers.
I am just in time to see my asshole ex-boyfriend, Lucien, living in the room below mine, running across the courtyard towards the college shower block. His short dumpy figure is clad only in a badly fitting stripy dressing gown and threadbare slippers.
Lucien is annoying me more than anything in the world at this moment, as he has been leaving copies of newspaper articles and obituaries on my Far in my wooden pigeon hole in the academics mailroom. I have not yet been able to read them: I am assiduously avoiding emptying my pigeonhole. So the large pile of English and Danish newspapers is just quietly biding its time. Until the point I am ready to leave behind the review I am writing on gene therapy and accept that my Far is dead of course.
With Lucien showering, I know that it is safe for me to emerge after four days of self-imposed isolation. It takes me a few minutes to compose myself, then I sling on a long black jacket and make for the wooden stairway, trampling on the pile of notes pushed under my door by my co-dependent ex-boyfriend:- 
(“LONE, WE NEED TO TALK”;
“LONE, PLEASE TALK TO ME DARLING”

The more desperate:
“LONE, I LOVE YOU!!! I WANT TO HELP YOU THROUGH THIS!!!

Or the downright creepy:
“I HAVE READ ENOUGH HISTORY TO KNOW THAT YOU AND I ARE DESTINED TO BE TOGETHER”)

I make a mental note to avoid ever going out with a 26 year old PhD student again (particularly younger historians, who have not learnt to become cynical at their tender age), and trudge out towards the back door of the college. Towards the Real World beyond Sidney College. 
I wander around the edge of the courtyard, and can’t help noticing the reason why I isolated myself in the first place: giant commemorative posters of my Far spread on the student and Fellows’ notice boards, which sprang up organically the minute my Far’s obituary came out. I recognize the photo of him from his department swipe card of course: dismayed with the usual digital photo taken by the zoology department, he had in his usual self-obsessed way commissioned a soft-lit photograph of himself cuddling (somewhat uncomfortably) a chimpanzee borrowed from a local clinical trials company. My father looks positively apelike with his mop of (still light ginger) hair and beard and his broad, tall frame - a true Viking, as he used to say. If one is brutally honest, the chimp looks more knowledgeable than he does; but I think my Far liked the photo because it reduced his wrinkles and belied his 76 years. 
The poster reminds students and Fellows that the funeral is tomorrow at Christ’s college, where my Far was Professor and a well-known “TV popular science personality”. Whatever that means. I thought he just read the commentaries on nature programmes.
A group of NatSci undergrads hurry by, heads down, studiously ignoring me. It's either because they have remembered my Far's death, or because they have not handed in their genetics essays to my pigeonhole yet.
It's probably the latter, but I have no wish to test my theory as yet, as that would mean having to look at the other material in the mail-room.

***

Of all the creatures that he studied, my father loved the Peregrine falcons the best of all. In particular, he loved the Peregrine falcons at Symond’s Yat, which meant a regular pilgrimage to the Gloucestershire nature reserve to stay in the clapped-out researchers’ caravan. It stood close to the top of the limestone cliffs, near the Peregrine nest site, which was hidden away in a crevice on the cliff face. I used to look forward to these summer expeditions with interest, not least as it meant the combined joys of a break from the loneliness of boarding school and plenty of time with my (mostly sober) Far.
And Tuesdays at Symond’s Yat were the best of all. At 10 o'clock sharp, a flock of local racing pigeons would streak their way through the valley, a mass of hues from mottled white to dark grey, wings flashing. It was always the same: my Far would stroke his ginger beard excitedly, while we scanned the skies for the lightest coloured pigeon, for this little creature would inevitably be the focus of the peregrines’ hunting instincts. Pity the snow-white pigeons: they were always the first to be targeted as they were easier to track amid their darker cousins. We would watch silently through the ornithologist's telescopes that my father had set up, as the Peregrine soared high in the air, sometimes nothing more than a small spot silhouetted by the sun. 
We would wait for what seemed like an eternity before it happened: the hunter would drop at breakneck speed into the fray of pigeons; 200 km an hour, a dark grey blur focused on its white-coloured target, unfailingly accurate. The two of us would glimpse the shuddering impact of the peregrine’s momentum on the pigeon, which was sometimes only briefly aware of the hunter's presence, sometimes fighting, writhing to escape the falcon's strong talons in a last desperate struggle.
We would trace the peregrine’s flight after a successful catch in order to identify which of its preferred roosting sites was chosen for the bird’s meal. This was because my father liked to find the unfortunate victim’s body and remove the wing feathers on which the racing pigeon’s owner had traced his registration mark in indelible pen. My father was very keen to avoid the wrath of pigeon fanciers (who, if particularly enraged at the death of a prize bird, had a tendency to try to poison the peregrines), but I think on some level he also took great glee in the task: more than often remarking that the peregrines were fussy eaters, preferring meals worth thousands of pounds.
What I didn’t explain to Wheedle is that the Gloucestershire nesting site was not just a good place for a biological field study: it also functioned as a refuge for my father during times of doubt or when he needed a place to withdraw from the world. After my mother’s death he drove down there at weekends. I was allowed to accompany him at the start, but soon he started going by himself and I was dispatched to boarding school. 
I was six years old at the time and not imaginative enough to understand that his decision to send me away had nothing to do with me or my behaviour. 
The peregrine falcons were his first and last love, giving him peace. And that rankles: why commit suicide at the one place that gives you peace from the world? Something feels wrong with this picture. 
Grudgingly, I decide that Lucien (or at least, Lucien's car and driving abilities) could be useful after all: I have to go back to Symond’s Yat and see the site of my Far’s final hours for myself.


***


Chapter 3


My ever-desperate ex-boyfriend is, of course, more than happy to drive me to the Gloucestershire nature reserve. We set off in his clapped-out Mini, which he has packed with neatly sliced cheese sandwiches, a battered thermos flask of herbal tea and home-made tapes of 80’s love songs. 
Lucien is wearing his usual historian’s uniform: shapeless cotton trousers and an (un-ironed) shirt under a tattered tweed coat, which contrasts with his (un-combed) dark wavy hair. Combine this with the fact that he has forgotten to shave for several days running, and you have the personification of a stereotypical Cambridge academic. 
He drives carefully, eyes constantly flitting to the front mirror. The speedometer stays just under the recognized limit: safe, predictable. As if he were transporting a precious cargo; it occurs to me that that’s maybe how he sees it. My stomach tightens: that familiar feeling of being trapped.
“You know Lucien, it would never work, you and me. I’m not the settling down type”. I stare out of the front window, exhale deeply. “I don’t do the nine to five existence.”
He looks surprised. “Neither do I, Lone. I’m a history student”.
Silence. He maintains his careful glances in the mirror, but I can see his fingers tightening around the steering wheel, and he accelerates ever so slightly.
“Tell me Lone: what is it that you are afraid of? Why are you determined never to get close to anyone? Are you afraid of falling in love?” 
He is watching my reaction out of the corner of his eye. 
At this moment in time I would kill for a drink. My mind flits to the small bottles available from motorway service stations, however I quickly assess that we are miles from civilization here. It will have to wait: an unbearable torture. 
It is strange to consider that I have gone four days, buried in my work without touching a drop. And yet the minute I seek out human contact, the same old thirst comes back. Another aspect of my life that mirrors my Far’s.
“Actually”, I reply, continuing to stare out of the window, “if you have ever studied biology to the extent that I have, you will have learnt that love is nothing more than an attempt to put a name on the effects of a series of biochemical reactions. Reactions which induce the strong desire to form partnerships and make babies in the female and the desire to fuck wildly in men. It’s biochemically proven that while we’re in the initial stages of falling in love, we are filled with hormones, blocking our sense of judgement, our rationality... 
…So although you’re thinking you’d like to be with me now, in three years’ time we would have an essentially meaningless relationship centred around our randomly-generated child and the occasional comfort fuck”. 
I glance sideways to see whether my words are having any effect. Not the desired one, as his mouth is twitching slightly, in an attempt not to smile. I continue unperturbed: “So no, I am not interested in a long-term relationship, Lucien. At all. With anyone. It would all end in tears and disappointment. The thrill of the chase is by far the best sensation of the whole partnering and mating spectacle.”
He is smiling now, broadly. I notice for the first time that his eyes are the same dark grey-blue colour as my father’s.
- “Lone, I’m speechless, I really am. That’s the first time you’ve come close to admitting any sense of attachment to me whatsoever. And I include in that evaluation the period in which I was fucking you wildly, as you so beautifully put it.”
We reach a junction and he has to concentrate for a second, so we sit in silence. He drives the car safely across and gently switches on an 80’s love song tape, letting his hand rest on my knee for a moment. I decide not to protest: after all, he is giving me a lift. 

***

At the nature reserve, Lucien revs the exhausted Mini engine up the hillside towards the cliff. I explain that the research caravan is parked quite close to the top, and instruct him to park in a clearing in the scrub where the road ends. We wander up a pathway towards the caravan site. 
It is not exactly as I had expected: I am shocked to find nothing but charred remains of my father’s living quarters. 
Lucien picks though the burnt out remnants of the caravan and tuts loudly as he discovers spent firework cartridges and beer bottles: “Young people today, Lone – no respect”.
Maybe that is the explanation that he can accept, but I need more than that. It strikes me that burning the caravan could be the perfect way of getting rid of any evidence linking my father’s body to a potential murderer. 
I trace my way round my father’s outside living area, into the scrub at the side of the caravan park, some of which has been burnt to cinders.
The sweet scent of the gorse bushes brings back a lot of old feelings, strong memories of my summer holiday trips accompanying my Far. I can recall the many hours I sat with him under the stars at night while he told me stories. 
When I was a little girl, my Far didn’t tell Fairy Stories – he told me even more fantastical stories, stories of his travels, of the animals that he had studied, stories of how the earth began and animals first evolved, of magical creatures living on the earth long before humans were ever around. It was only later on that I realised that all the stories were true. 
I remember that we had a favourite “story tree”, an ancient holly tree shaped like the top of an enormous umbrella further down the slope, away from the public footpath. Its branches reached right down to the ground, and only the initiated knew that one could crawl through a passage made by generations of woodland creatures to a roomy interior, under a high canopy of holly leaves. Our secret den, where we lit small fires (strictly forbidden by the park rangers of course) in an old discarded saucepan that we had found in the wood. My Far would cut me slices of his favourite dish: Danish “spegepoelse”, a spicy cooked Danish sausage flecked with fat. We would sometimes even walk down to the river’s edge and collect long willow branches, which we would use to make marshmallow “kebabs” over the fire. 
My Far would examine the floor of our secret cavern for trails of the animals that had visited: the tell-tale scuffle marks on the floor, the bite-marks in an acorn, the shapes of the dried-out droppings. It was our own magical detective game, and we would challenge each other to discover who could find traces of the highest number of animal species. He won invariably, of course, noticing even the smallest traces of nibbled bark or disturbed leaves. 
Occasionally, the evenings ended with him needing a bottle of beer or two (or ten, or twenty: you get the picture): this was my cue to either head off further into the wood and play in the shadows, or to go quietly to bed. Either way, I knew that I would find him on the floor of our den the next morning, surrounded by a sea of empty bottles and mumbling something about how I reminded him of my mother. 
It occurs to me that the sweetest experiences in my life are always coupled to some kind of opposite pole of experience. 
I spot our story tree on the skyline, and wander towards it, still unsure as to whether I want to relive my experiences there or not. Lucien catches up with me and follows, one step behind, as I wander down to the cleft of woods. 
At the entrance to the story tree I bend down into the familiar tunnel and start to crawl into the den. Lucien calls me back
“Hey, be careful there Lone – what on earth are you doing?”
I improvise: no need for him to know what I am doing.
- “Just wait outside Lucien – I need a pee, dammit. Stop following me around like a lost lamb”.
“Okay, okay,” he answers, hurt, while I emerge into what was still, very clearly, my Far’s den. Right up to the bitter end. I stop briefly at the den entrance to take in the ocean of discarded beer cans covering much of the leaf litter. 
The saucepan fireplace ringed by stones is still in its usual place in the centre, about 30 centimetres from the thick tree trunk. I can feel my eyes watering, I can’t help it, I can almost feel his presence all around. There is still a pile of willow branches in the corner. And his faded brown leather jacket lies in the centre, close to the saucepan and a spent box of matches: he must had had one last drinking binge and slept here overnight, for old times’ sake.
I stand with my hand to my mouth for a while, rooted to the spot, taking in the scene of devastation. 
A cautious voice through the thicket: “Are you OK, Lone? You’re taking a long time”
- “I’m fine; Jesus Christ you are so impatient!” I reply, coming to my senses and walking towards the jacket. I bend over to pick it up and am struck by how much it carries his scent, despite having been exposed to the elements for some time now. A soft scent of moss and testosterone mixed with undertones of beer, spegepoelse and formaldehyde. I raise the inside of the jacket it to my mouth and nose; fill my lungs with my Far. My eyes are pricking again. 
I scout round the enclosure, rustling through the discarded holly leaves to examine for any signs of foul play. But there is nothing except a trail of footprints wandering in a circle and ending at the pile of beer cans, before exiting. Now the footprints are overlapping with my own, smaller, footprints. I press the jacket to my face again, blocking out the sight of the beer cans and also wiping away the tell-tale drops from my eyes. 
A sharp intake of breath behind me: “Holy crap Lone! What the hell happened here?” Lucien, impatient as ever, has been unable to leave me alone for even a few minutes.
He surveys the beer cans. “Lone, I think that your dad may have had a drinking problem.”
“You don’t say”, I reply sarcastically. 
He takes in the scene of me clutching the weathered leather jacket and finally understands the situation. “Oh Lone, I’m so sorry…” He makes to embrace me, but I resist. 
“I’m fine”, I lie, blinking fiercely. “I just had to see it for myself, to be sure”.
He looks on helplessly as I exit the den without a further glance. I have seen enough. And I want to grieve in private and not in front of Lucien.
Holding the jacket as a young child grips a comfort blanket, I re-trace our tracks and clamber up the final few metres to the cliff-top. 
The place is deserted, apart from a makeshift bird hide covered with long-dead bracken close to the top of the cliff. Unbidden, Lucien waits in the bird hide: close enough to watch me, but not enough to intrude.
I stand for some minutes looking into the Symonds Yat valley, down to the river curving through the fields and forests. I will do anything but look at the cliff edge, anything to avoid thinking of my Far’s last moments. A colourful school party of canoeists is paddling downstream far below in bright orange canoes, and the sunlight glimmers in the rippling waters. Further out across the farmed fields, towards the edge of the forested areas, I can see a small group of roe deer foraging. Gradually, I summon up enough bloody-mindedness to walk towards the cliff edge. 
I can see the freshly-dug holes surrounding a small area at the crumbling limestone edge where the police must have set up a security cordon. This must have been the area where my Far fell to his death. 
There is nothing there except bare rock, no tell-tale clues, not even marks in the soil. No disturbed plants or rocks. The wind would have removed them quickly anyhow. 
Suddenly I want to get away from this area. I feel nothing. I’m not even sure why I came. I wander down the cliff pathway towards the hide where Lucien is standing, peering through his binoculars. 
We stand in awkward silence for a few moments, then Lucien points to a single tree to the west of the cliffs: “Look Lone, that must be a peregrine!” 
I take a look, only too glad to be distracted, and can see a large shape roosting in the top branches, surveying the surrounding landscape. One peek in my binoculars confirms my initial suspicions: 
“It’s just a Common Buzzard, Lucien – far too big to be a peregrine.” 
He looks disappointed. I soften the blow: “It’s still a bird of prey though”. He brightens slightly. 
We wait a few more minutes, studying the silhouette of the buzzard, and then I point upwards to a shape far above our heads with the familiar pointed wings, the familiar dive: “That’s the male peregrine, Lucien – can you see it?” He gasps as the bird swoops lower, perhaps only 20 metres above the cliff edge. 
I continue: “The male Peregrine is smaller than the female, you know, and the females at Symond’s Yat have always been extremely good at catching prey - much better than the males. My father maintained it was because the female Peregrine is larger than the male, but I have another theory.” 
Now the male is soaring so low, we can see the individual feathers on his beautiful blue-grey plumage, his barred white underside, and his striking yellow legs. He is a magnificent creature.
- “The females I saw were much better at focusing on their prey, much more goal-oriented, better at filtering out things periphery to their selected prey. And they were much more ruthless: I have seen female Peregrines batter their prey against rocks again and again to kill their struggles, whereas sometimes the males let captured pigeons escape…Just because they could not bring themselves to be violent enough.”
Lucien grimaces slightly. “Too much detail, Lone – remember that we are not all biologists.” He wrinkles his forehead thoughtfully “although on second thoughts humans are maybe not so different”.
The peregrine swoops down towards the opposite rocks and we lose sight of its speckled form against the grey-white colouring of the cliff edge. 


***


Chapter 4

Sidney Sussex college Cambridge, the day of my Far’s funeral

Danish to the core, my Far always insisted on formal dress for funerals. I survey my own funeral garb critically in the wardrobe mirror. I am still wearing the clothes from our trip to Symond’s Yat the day before: black jeans, battered old Doc Martens and a faded black woollen jumper. My Far would definitely not have approved. Perhaps that is the point: I do things my own way; I am not Danish. I am not him.
Even looking at myself sets off some suppressed pangs of anger: every part of my six-foot frame screams of my Scandinavian heritage, right up to my ash blonde, nearly white hair, and almost non-existent eyebrows. I stuff my blonde hair under a black baseball cap and take out a brown Kohl pencil to colour-in my ghost-like eyebrows. Better. But my long legs, height and light build still expose my foreign roots. 
It is hard to gain respect in the world of science with a Barbie doll face like mine, unless you want to shag your way to the top. I rejected that option long ago; not because of some moralistic view of right or wrong, of course, but because I want to achieve academic heights on my own merits, and no-one else’s. 
“Snedronningen”, my Far would call me, after the Snow Queen in the Hans Christian Andersen story. To start with, it was due to my white-blonde hair, but later it became more an insult directed towards what he termed my icy front. My usual reply was to ask him where I had learnt it from.
I am actually rather fond of the Danes’ Snow Queen in reality: for some reason, cold intellectualism is quite appealing to me. Let’s face it, it must also be pretty good to meet someone who is able to kiss people and make them forget their past.

***

I make my way through the courtyard, across the cobbled streets, past the bingo hall and the banks to the ancient porter's lodge of Christ’s College, where my Far chose to take up a Professorship just around the corner from his estranged daughter.
A crowd of Japanese tourists are centred around the clock in Christ College courtyard, and the porters are watching them warily. The Japanese women are chattering loudly, pointing at something coming from the other end of the courtyard: TV cameras, set up to record the nation's anguish.
This is too much. I feel the familiar anger rushing to my head, and this time I obey the urges and storm over to where the BBC crew are setting up in the corner of the courtyard by the chapel entrance. 
Actions speak louder than words, of course, and given my father's career choices, I have become extremely adept in unplugging TV equipment in a short space of time. Much to the consternation of the TV crew.
“Jesus Christ”, I am shouting at the huddled cameramen, “have you no respect for the dead?”, while methodically unplugging the leads and dismantling the tripods. They are the same cameraman as on my father's documentaries, mores the pity, so they recognize me and bear silent witness to my grief, quietly but determinedly setting up their mobile handsets instead. They have seen what I hadn’t: that Lucien is coming into the courtyard from the Porter’s lodge, as always intent on saving me from myself. 
I have no idea how my ex-boyfriend managed to get dressed into his black suit so fast, but he is here and wrenching me from the equipment, enclosing me with a huge, obtrusive hug pinning my arms to my sides, a straitjacket of co-dependent emotion. And we are distancing ourselves from the cameramen, who, a little unsettled, are quietly reassembling their equipment. 
Lucien walks with me, gradually releasing me from that straitjacket embrace. We reach the porter's lodge, again, and he stands silently beside me. 
“Lucien, I really don't appreciate you touching me when we are not in a relationship together. You know that: now go away and leave me alone”. His eyes meet mine, unflinching. I continue: “And in case you needed a fashion review, your stomach is protruding from your white shirt, making you look utterly ridiculous. My father will be thoroughly ashamed of you, when his coffin files past”. 
I turn my head away, focusing on an old crest on the alabaster walls of the lodge, blinking rapidly to hide my emotions. Lucien’s hands return to my shoulders, unafraid. 
I maintain my focus on the heraldic shield as Lucien turns his head to the cameramen. “It is only to be expected, you know Lone”, he says gently. “Your father was a much loved science presenter.” 
I laugh hollowly, still maintaining my fixed gaze on the wall. “Oh yes, indeed, everyone wanted a piece of him”, I say, forcing a laugh. 
Lucien, annoyingly perceptive as always, squeezes my shoulder.
“Lone, you know that he loved you in his own way”, he whispers. 
That's one way of putting it. 
“Get out of my personal space”, I find myself growling, fighting back the tears, struggling a little against the hand resting on my shoulder, but not enough to actually push it away. 
We walk silently out of the courtyard and stand in the porter's lodge, waiting for my father's body to arrive in all the pomp and circumstance appropriate to a C list celebrity wildlife expert.


***


Chapter 5


A funeral for a Fellow at a Cambridge college is always an odd affair, and the funeral for my father at Christ’s college appears to be no exception. 
I have often pondered the Danish word for father, ”Far”. It is the one Danish word I have not given up from my spoken vocabulary in my late English Grandmother’s otherwise successful conquest of the nationality of my soul, perhaps because even at a young age I had some kind of intuitive understanding that the name was somehow appropriate. 
I am absolutely sure that my Far’s chosen pet name for me was no accident either – “skat” is the Danish word for treasure, but is also used on a daily basis in his fatherland to refer to the burden of taxes and VAT. 
My father loves those types of delicious double entendres and relishes peppering his more populistic evolutionary papers with them.
It occurs to me that I need to stop using the present tense here. I am no longer tied to my Far in any way but in my mind. It is now a familiar ache, this feeling of loss. And I need to focus and remember that I am still angry with him.
It is a clear summer’s day and the roses are out in full bloom across the brick walls of the courtyard at chapel court of Christ’s college. My father’s jet-black coffin processes across the pristine college lawns while we ordinary mortals (including the Fellows) traipse around the cobbled edge of the courtyard, avoiding the grass in a last sign of respect. Silently, we follow the chaplain, who looks appropriately grave, into the decorated 16th century chapel. 
I am trying my best to be invisible in the crowds of people who have felt duty-bound to turn up to this folly of an event: students, who have flocked to his lectures due to his celebrity status, Fellows, who may actually have read his papers, and ordinary people who have enjoyed his dumbed-down version of popular science during his Friday evening slots. Given that my Far was in fact Professor of Evolutionary Biology (with a capital ”E”), I am sure he would not have appreciated the irony that a few teenagers are wearing T-shirts emblazoned with a neon line of humanoids progressing from crouching apes to upright Homo sapiens. Testament to my Far’s famed common touch. He would have hated it of course: bristled at the idea that some people thought that evolution was a strictly linear process.
We file into the chapel and are treated to a stunningly tasteless series of power point slides detailing my father’s life and work (mandatory in a group consisting of academics of course) and full of photos of my father cuddling up to just about every animal under the sun. No people, I notice, just animals. More fitting than they realise of course. In particular, there are no pictures with me his little daughter, who he effectively abandoned to my grandmother’s care after my mother’s death, so that he could go bull elephant tracking. Such is the burden of genius, my grandmother was told. And she was told the same thing again, by these same people, after my father sent her a letter a year later to let her know that he was now going to accept a fellowship with the task of cataloguing insect diversity in the Brazilian rainforests. 
That’s the thing I hate the most, the people who think they knew and loved my father, the people who would cast him as the obsessed environmentalist, the committed and visionary academic, the amiable, paternal supervisor (ha!), and mentor to countless numbers in the new generation of evolutionary biologists. The same biologists who are now sitting squished onto the Christ's College chapel pews that have been polished by centuries of backsides belonging to people with a similar lack of grip on the world. Generations of people who have sat on these pews and pondered their academic legacy to the world, and then largely been forgotten, or at best reduced to a footnote in a book that (lets be honest here) no-one really reads. I am talking about people who have literally devoted their lives to producing articles with such names as “Primary structure determination of artificial homologues of insulin”; “Species determinants of Drosophila” and “Gene Therapy Vectors: enhancing uptake and delivery”. 
The last title is mine of course, my own little pathetic attempt at immortality. Or perhaps it is even more basic than that. The four little letters of the genetic code, ATCG, are known to be associated with many causes and effects, but as far as I am aware my article is the first time known to science that these inconsequential little letters have been used in a daughter’s attempt to reach out to her father.
But this is the one thing academics don’t say of course – we all thirst for immortality; the recognition of generations, the gratitude of the nation, or even the gratitude of our parents. 
And of course, even for those who get recognition, it is just for a fleeting moment in time. My father had only been a Cambridge Professor for a few years before falling to his death at a Gloucestershire cliff on a sunny July day.

***

The recording accompanying the funeral PowerPoint presentation is some kind of jungle soundtrack, obviously made in a zoo, as the cacophony of insect noises that you hear in rainforests is entirely absent. For a moment, my mind reverts to summer holidays spent with my father on his field trips. I can see myself as that little girl during our trip to Brazil, dangling from my Far’s makeshift rope network in the trees, shaking down the insects into the nets from the canopy. I can still visualise all the marvellous creatures that we found, and my father's childlike delight at cataloguing the new species that we discovered. I can shut my eyes and recall the smells of the leaf mulch and the life that lay within, as though I am again sitting for hours watching a trail of Wee wee ants carry their shards of leaf back to their underground nest chambers. And I can still feel the juddering disappointment of having to return to the real world.


***


Chapter 6


During the funeral itself, I have to sit through even more presentations detailing my father’s life. This is to be expected as academics have limited imagination when it comes to unexpected situations: if in doubt, Give a Lecture.
I turn around to scan the faces in the congregation, and see that the majority are dutifully pretending to listen to the platitudes and speeches, ready to return to their studies, untouched by my Far’s death. 
I notice an old man leaning against a marble column at the very back of the chapel. He is tall with white hair, and he must be at least 80 years old judging by all the wrinkles etched into his face. He is staring straight at me, and somehow he seems strangely familiar. Our eyes meet; there is something about the cut of his jaw that makes me think that he is Scandinavian, probably even Danish. He is mouthing something at me silently. I frown, trying to make out the words; he tries again, mouthing more slowly and trying to enunciate the words. I realise that he is speaking Danish:

Jeg er ked af det, Lone: I am sorry, Lone. 

The shock of seeing someone else speak my Far’s language. My hidden heritage comes to the surface.
How does he know my name? Unsmiling, I let his sparkling green eyes penetrate my emotional defences a few seconds more, then turn away to look towards the black coffin again.
Different organisms have different ways of dealing with grief. I will always remember my father taking me as a small child to observe elephants in mourning for the first time. These giant beasts are drawn to the bones of their dead, and stand around the remains, smelling and gently touching the skulls and tusks of their dead comrades. Far planted other animal bones and even pieces of wood whittled to mimic elephant tusks close to the elephant remains, and was fascinated when these false memories were studiously ignored by the mourning animals in favour of their relatives' bones. He was initially baffled by this behaviour, as he could not fathom an immediate evolutionary advantage, however was delighted, despite the flaws in my arguments, when I suggested as a precocious 6-year old that it could be a natural consequence of the strong evolutionary advantages to the group ethos. Even at that young age, I was old enough to yearn for the good old days before my mother died, the days before my father spent the rest of his life fingering her remains in his head and shutting himself away. 
Myself, I feel like I am floating above this bizarre occasion, far removed from anything being said. 
The only time I feel anything at all during the service is when we are told that my father died in a tragic accident, but Doing What He Loved Most. Now I feel that familiar stab of anger that has been coming and going over the last few days. 
The cover-up is now complete, for who is interested in the true story of this sad but brilliant little man when the official version reads like some Disney film script? The college needs to fill its coffers by citing a fairytale, and this is as good as it gets for most people. 
Not for me of course: I need to know the truth, and even in the good times I could never leave my Far’s secrets alone.

***

In the churchyard after the service, I search for the old Dane who whispered to me from the back of the chapel. But he has vanished, disappeared into the melee of faces.


***


Chapter 7

Sidney Sussex College Cambridge, the day after my Far’s funeral

The morning after the funeral, I lie in bed late, still wearing the same black clothes from the day before. I don’t want to spend any time with the world quite yet, as I still have my Far’s jacket - rescued from the story tree - to contemplate.
I lie still, fingering the familiar creases of the leather. I smooth the inside lining against my face again for a while, breathing deeply. I take out the pens in the inside pocket and place them reverently on my bedside table. I undo the side zips and empty the battered pockets: a moth cocoon, a specimen jar, a small notebook, a tiny pair of binoculars. A red pencil, the end chewed through (human teeth marks). A brightly coloured business card. A metal key ring filled with coloured plastic disks. My mother’s gold wedding ring.
The last object surprises me. My father always treasured any object of my mother’s, particularly this ring. Why leave it in his jacket pocket? He either left in a hurry, or that was one hell of a final drinking binge. 
It occurs to me that I need to know the alcohol level in my Far’s blood when he died. 
I twist the ring onto my little finger; it fits perfectly. It feels comforting to have it there, so I keep it on.
I examine the front of the business card: the background is rainbow-coloured, and the cartoon letters say 

Cambridge Evangelical Congregation!
Come and Join Us!
Every Sunday 10.30am!
Jesus loves YOU!!!

I turn the card over, exhausted by the number of exclamation marks in the text. The back cites the address of the church and a mobile phone number. By the telephone number, somebody has scrawled “RING ME!!!” - presumably the same exclamation-mark-loving person who typed the card, I conclude.
Brought up as I am to be an atheist, I feel shocked to the core that my Far was obviously flirting with the church. It feels dirty. 
A moment of doubt: I begin to wonder whether he might actually have been suicidal – certainly talking to church members was not normal behaviour.
But I will await the conclusions on the blood alcohol levels before I consider this issue any further, I decide.
In fact, I will take my mind off these topics by braving my pigeonhole downstairs, just to look at my scientific post. The rest can wait. 
I clamber out of bed and head down the stairs to my wooden cubby-hole, where I collect up all the envelopes from the university and studiously avoid anything that looks dangerously like personal mail or cut-outs of obituaries from newspapers, left there strategically by Lucien.
Back in my room, I peruse my work mail. On an initial scan through, I am gratified to find several elementary mistakes in the twelve biochemistry essays left by my supervisees, and I look forward to an afternoon of writing scathing remarks in red ink.
The final university mail envelope is unmarked, and I open it, intrigued.
I draw in my breath sharply: inside is a CD-ROM box marked with my Far’s unmistakable scrawling handwriting.
My Far’s handwriting can (even by the kindest critics) only be described as an illegible collection of horizontal lines stretched against the page combined with a seemingly random pattern of dots. Many a Zoology student and Cambridge Fellow breathed a sigh of relief when my Far was finally granted the rare privilege of a part-time secretary, for whom he would record his thoughts onto a small Dictaphone. 
It occurs to me that my father wrote in the same way as he carried out his parenting role: badly, using the minimum effort possible and frequently delegating the responsibility to a lesser mortal.
I inspect the CD-ROM cover: I would recognise that writing anywhere. Far must have placed the envelope into my pigeonhole before he died, as there is no delivery number or name on the university envelope.
I struggle to read the handwriting on the CD-ROM front. It appears to read a single word: “Copenhagen”, an intriguing reference to my Far’s hometown. I finger the writing and a crude drawing next to the word: it looks like a simplified sketch of an apple, made of two ovals joined together by a straight line, representing the stalk, and with a small oval leaf. I wonder what is on the CD-ROM - perhaps it stores memories of time gone by, to be passed on to his only kin? 
Or perhaps it contains his final, private, farewell to me? My stomach tightens as the last thought occurs to me. 
Either way, I have to know. I throw on a jumper and wander quickly across the courtyard to the college library with the CD-ROM, hoping that Lucien hasn’t spotted me from his set window. I peek cautiously through the glass doors of the library to the avenues of old-fashioned floor-to-ceiling bookshelves: no ex-boyfriend here either. I enter quietly.
There is a CD-ROM-compatible computer terminal by the door of the library, and I swipe my Fellows’ research card into the card reader and quickly seat myself at the terminal. I find myself unconsciously holding my breath as I load the CD-ROM onto the computer. 
There is just one folder, again named “Copenhagen”. It contains a simple text file, but on inspection of the file's properties I can see it is very large, probably containing hundreds of pages of text. I double click on the file’s icon, trembling slightly. This must be the moment of truth.
But I am disappointed of course – my Far would never give me the satisfaction of explaining his motivations, even at the best of times. 
The text file just holds reams of seemingly endless variations of combinations of the letters A, C, G and T. The genetic code: this is a sequence file. I flick through the pages of text, and find that it is all the same: polynucleotides, the cornerstone of modern genetics. I'm no closer to understanding my Far's last message to me.

***

I had known since an early age that I wanted to devote my life to studying the genetic code. In my mind, DNA is infinitely elegant: strands of bases intertwining comfortably, the perfect pairings. The beauty and simplicity of the helical structure. As an older teenager, I used to sneak into my Far’s office during his drunken episodes (he would never remember anyway, even if he caught me) and sneak a peek at the genetics papers. I would fill the long hours by reading about how the genetic code is structured, copied, read, interpreted, manipulated: endless layers of complexity, endless levels of variation. To this day, I still find it infinitely satisfying when you can interpret even a small part of this gigantic tapestry, understand even the smallest motif. 
But I also have the same feeling as I imagine a young lone male wolf has after being newly banished from the pack and without a territory of his own: he is initially overwhelmed and excited to be away from the restraints of the pack, but daunted by the requirements to survive by himself. He must find a way to sustain himself using only the resources available to a single lone wolf. So, like most professionals in the research field, I don’t bite off more than I can chew: I stick to a small but manageable scientific niche – in my case, developing improved methods for delivering genes to humans with genetic illnesses. 
It occurs to me that I know just the lone wolf to give this CD-ROM to – someone who spends his life analysing similar reams of letters. A person with a similar love-hate relationship to my Far. Today I will pay a long-overdue visit to Mike’s bioinformatics lab.
Puzzled by the data, I continue to tap through the letters in the word file in the hope of identifying further clues to my father's intentions, but am interrupted by the inevitable: the familiar chirpy voice of my clingy ex-boyfriend who has “happened” to drop by:
- “Lone! What a co-incidence! How are you feeling today? What are you up to?” 
Just how does he do it? Lucien is here, leaning over my shoulder, staring at the computer screen. I shut the sequence file window quickly, tapping my fingers on the CD-ROM case impatiently as the disk ejects. 
I smile weakly at him. “Just work, trying to take my mind off things. Thanks for the lift the other day. But don’t read too much into it.”
He smiles back “No Ma’am, I won’t. Scout’s honour.” He salutes me with three outstretched fingers, and it is hard to fathom whether he is half-serious or teasing me.
I make to leave, and he follows me again. This is becoming a familiar pattern. 
-“Lone! When have you last eaten some proper food? Do you want to eat in Hall with me?”
I finger the CD-ROM thoughtfully. I don’t want him suspecting anything out of the ordinary. I shrug.
“You insist on creating your own personalised hell for yourself, so be it. Just promise me that you won’t talk too much about resistance movements under the Second World War, like you did in the car the other day. You went on and on…” 
He smiles. He is actually happy with the prospect.
We wander out of the library and over the cobbled stones through to Hall Court, through the glass doors to the wood panelled college Hall refectory. Lucien gestures to the wooden benches: “You sit down Lone; I know what you like”. I raise my eyebrows slightly, and he is off, my own personal (highly obedient) puppy dog.
I place the CD-ROM on the table and scan the room, bored. I eye the portraits: the curtained picture of Oliver Cromwell, the old dusty portraits of previous college Masters, the sumptuous colours of our founder, Lady Sidney, in her splendour: wide, ermine-lined dress and cape with the white ruff. An imposing lady. 
Lucien returns with a large plate of sandwiches and two bottles of water. He sees me staring at the portrait, and points at the dog painted at the bottom of the painting. 
“She was a bit of a character, our founder. All kinds of attacks against her. You see, Lone, even in those days, strong women were plagued by accusations of infidelity. She commissioned that dog in the painting to show that she was faithful to her man and to rebut the vicious rumours circulating at the time. Worst of all, she never had any kids”. He looks ominously around the room, as if expecting to be hushed for repeating this sacrilege. 
This woman is definitely growing on me.
I am just about to comment that we agreed he wouldn’t start any historical monologues, when I am distracted by a gentlemanly voice saying my name: 

-“Froeken Lone”

I feel tempted to retort that I am not a “Miss”, but a “Doctor”, now that I have my PhD, but I stop myself when I see who the speaker is. It’s the old man who whispered to me during the funeral.


***


Chapter 8


Despite his advanced age he has a strong, steady voice. His Danish vowels are slightly flatter than a true Copenhagener’s: I can perhaps hear traces of an upbringing in the right end of the Gentofte area around Copenhagen. That would certainly fit with the tightly pressed suit that he is wearing today. The beautifully carved wooden cane he is holding might even have real diamonds set into the tip.
He proffers his hand, and we greet each other, solemnly. I can see Lucien out of the corner of my eye: he is scowling ferociously. I am amazed that he can be jealous of a guy in his eighties. Just to annoy him, I smile my sweetest smile and nod coyly at the old man.
“Ja”.
He speaks English easily (but with a heavy Danish accent), out of respect to Lucien:
- “My name is Soeren Damgaard, I am a friend of your father’s. He did some work for my company some time ago.” He wheezes slightly. “You might even remember me, I met you a few times when you were very small.” 
I smile politely again, but my mind is blank. At least that explains the feeling of familiarity. He looks slightly disappointed.
He squeezes my arm; “I’m sorry for your loss, you know. Your father was a very gifted man.”
I smile tightly again: the inevitable platitudes.
He continues, leaning more heavily on his cane: “I have also been following your work for some time, and it is quite, quite brilliant.”
I am flattered and more than little surprised by this statement: I have enough trouble trying to convince the university to continue my funding.
I smile back, sincerely for the first time. “You flatter me, Soeren.”
He looks serious for a moment: “It's not flattery, Lone. The work you have done developing gene therapy vectors is groundbreaking, no doubt about it.” He reaches into his jacket pocket, and pulls out his business card.
“I feel that you would fit in very well to my company in Copenhagen, Eden Genetics Inc. It's just the kind of innovative gene therapy project that we're looking for to diversify our portfolio.” He can see my sceptical look, and hurriedly continues: “At least let me present my company to you before you make up your mind about the future.”
I take the offered business card and read his name, and the rows of academic qualifications that this man has. He’s what is termed a “double-doctor”: a medical doctor with a PhD to boot. 
Lucien takes my arm protectively. “What makes you think she wants to move to Copenhagen and quit a prestigious academic post?” 
Soeren eyes him curiously, as if seeing him for the first time. 
“You are of course both very welcome to come and visit the company. I’ll pay for the plane tickets and hotel of course. Then you can have a weekend in Copenhagen and see the city.”
I take the card, but my decision is already made. I wouldn’t drop Cambridge for anything. But perhaps I’ll annoy my ex-boyfriend by leaving him in doubt on this point.
“I’ll definitely think about it”. 
Soeren looks pleased. He opens his mouth to say more, then appears to decide against it after looking at Lucien’s angry countenance. He takes a step back towards the Hall exit, and says again “Jeg er ked af det, Lone”.
Lucien continues scowling until Soeren leaves, and then turns back to me, anxiously. 
“You’re not seriously considering it, are you?”
-“What’s it to you anyway – it’s not like we are an item.” 
He looks disappointed, and then thoughtful. 
“But perhaps it’s just the thing that you need – to go away for a weekend and get out of Cambridge, get away from all that’s happened to you recently”. He leaves the unspoken sentence that he would of course be happy to accompany me on any such trip.
I shake my head. “No way Lucien – don’t even consider it”. He looks disappointed, but also relieved. 
Right now, I have more important things to do than look after my career – this afternoon I have decided to visit Mike and get to the bottom of what the CD-ROM sequence reads are. 


***


Chapter 9

Cambridge University Genetics labs


Entering Mike’s laboratory is, I always find, not an easy task. As is often the case with the genesis of new labs on a shoestring budget, the creation of Mike’s lab - an offshoot of my father’s activities - was the result of some creative use of the available space. I always marvel over my father’s suggestion that Mike set up his beloved machines in an empty wooden attic sandwiched between the roof and the 8th floor of the Cambridge Genetics department: firstly at the sheer audacity of my father expecting a world-renowned post-doctoral researcher to accept a lab which can only be reached by traipsing through a cleaner’s cupboard, and secondly that Mike is still so delighted with the idea despite the lack of both heating and other human beings. Perhaps it shows the prestige that is bound up with a lab of one’s own; or perhaps it just shows my father’s intuitive understanding of Mike. At any rate, I actually think that Mike likes it in his own private little tower – apart from his close relationship to my father, Mike really doesn’t do interacting with people on any level that could be categorised as ”normal”. But I am an exception of course: Mike will always talk to me, presumably either due to my own interest and understanding of genetics or alternatively simply due to my genetic proximity to his boss. 
Mike officially has three PhD students under his wing, but for some reason or other they all ended up in my father’s care due to Mike’s inability to tutor and genuine lack of interest. He reminds me of the male chimpanzee I studied at London Zoo for my bachelor’s zoology project: when first presented by one of his many wives with the floppy, toddler-sized shape of one of his newest progeny he turned away, flummoxed, and backed over to the other side of the enclosure. He stayed there for the rest of the day, seemingly engrossed in the far more interesting (and predictable) job of delicately using a straw to extract honey from holes drilled in the side of a sealed up plastic tube. It took keepers many days of keeping the two animals locked in adjacent cages for the father to interact with his son, and even then it was stilted, unnatural behaviour borne of duty rather than genuine interest. My father’s efforts to get Mike to interact with his PhD students used pretty much the same method, with an identical result.
I still recall Mike’s pained and impatient looks when trying to explain about mobile parasitic DNA, the many types of parasitic genetic units that hitch a lift on a genome’s vast expanse without seemingly giving any advantage to their hosts; the students were less than interested and Mike simply could not fathom how they did not understand the most basic of evolutionary scenarios. Mike could spend hours dissecting the sheets of letters in front of him, but the simple act of connecting to someone was just not an act that ever gave as much reward.
I remember the first time I visited Mike’s lab: I must have been about 5 years old because my mother’s face is still a part of that afternoon in my mind. The mind of a human is a strange entity: ask me what I was doing for most of 1995 as a fully-grown adult and I can only give you a vague description related to the haze of writing up my PhD thesis, but that day when I was 5 years old I can see and feel like it was yesterday. 
My mother is standing by the window, looking out over Cambridge and gasping at the view out to the St. Mary’s church. She is a perfect creature in my mind, a parent unspoilt by the arguments of adolescence and teenage rebellion. My father is standing with Mike, examining the newly arrived lab equipment in the corner, and probably talking about the new facilities his group will have for protein analysis. Myself, I am far more interested in finding the source of the sweet, musty smell pervading the wooden beams of this old attic room. I am wandering around the room and find that the smell is localised to what appears to be a large brown-meshed heating unit in the corner of the room, whirring and buzzing vigorously. 
It is only on much closer inspection that I find that it is not the heating equipment in the brown meshed unit that is the main source of the buzzing, but instead it is the sound of millions of flies; millions of pairs of wings beating and carrying the flies to form their own genetic destiny. I stare fascinated, mesmerised by the shear enormity of the mass of flies, touching the sides of the unit to watch the flies landing and then flying away again, startled by my prodding. 
My father has seen my interest, and comes with some vials of dead flies to show me: flies with white eyes, red eyes, stumpy wings, flies with legs for antennae. And explains the basics of the project. ”Each of these little Drosophila flies has a code inside it, which tells us how the fly was built and why it functions as it does”, he explains grandly to me. ”By breeding the different flies together we can work out the secrets of the code inside each fly”. I remember very clearly screwing up my nose at this point: I was not afraid of challenging his explanations, oversimplified as they were when I was at that age.
”Far, does this mean that I have a code inside me that explains why I function as I do?”, I question, archly. ”For example, if I want an ice cream, then this is due to the code inside me?” Mike and my father exchange glances, laughing. My father cradles my face in his hands, they seem so enormous in my imagination, but I remember thinking how small they looked when I came to say my goodbyes just before his funeral. He looked impossibly small, fragile.
”Min skat, that is one of the great questions of evolutionary biology that I hope that you will be able to work on when you get older and wiser”. I reach to take his hand in mine, but his caress is quickly withdrawn in favour of adjusting the fly thermostat. 
The musty smell I followed that day – emanating from the yellow gunge that was used as fruit fly food - is still a staple for genetics research even now. It brings back long-forgotten memories every time I sense it and it is this indescribably sweet, musty smell that still impregnates Mike’s clothes and hair as I sit with him now.
Another reason that I get on a little better than most with Mike is that perhaps he can recognise a kindred spirit in me: we can spend hours re-working the phylogeny of an obscure lizard group based on my father’s latest batch of sequence data, without any questions on each other’s personal life. No dangerous specifics: just the safe certainty of the branching of a species from ancestor species, a spider’s web of connections taking shape across his laptop screen. 
In particular, I never ask Mike about his weight. I have never actually seen him eat, a fact which first made me wonder whether some kind of genetic metabolic disorder had caused him to reach the ginormous proportions he fills in his small attic hideaway. However, my accidental discovery of a large stash of food under Mike’s microarray machine put paid to that theory, and I realize now that it is just another aspect of his life that is hidden from view. I respect that: in my experience, food is a much more fulfilling experience than romantic relationships; why not over-indulge in private once in a while?
That familiar buzzing and that sweet stench again. I feel a brief stab of grief for my Far in this familiar place saturated with memories, but then I manage to neatly file it away in the database that is my mind. Right now, I have more important things to be concerned about, like How my father died, and Why. Grief is a luxury I can wait a long time for. I learnt as a 5-year old how to repress these feelings effectively after my mother’s death: there's no reason why I can’t become that sullen, silent child again. 
Mike is reviewing some sequence alignments on his computer with such interest that he hasn’t heard me enter. I cross the room, the wooden floorboards creaking with age, and probably further weakened by Mike’s 30 stone form waddling slowly across it day-in, day-out.
He senses my shadow finally and turns around, startled. Our eyes meet and I see his shoulders relaxing again: no strangers here, this is known territory for him.
-”Any interesting raw sequence reads?”, I ask, and then continue onto his favourite topic: ”I hope that you have been using them to make corrections to the known nomenclature of our planet’s flora and fauna”. 
He is chuckling now; rocking back and forth in his chair with a barely suppressed delight. He gestures to his computer screen and I pull up a chair. I have burrowed my way into his secret world: just for this short moment in time, he wants my adulation more than he wants to continue with his work, uninterrupted. 
It is fair to say that Mike is something of a pedant when it comes to naming organisms correctly: as my Far put it once on a BBC programme about evolution, the challenge is now to classify organisms based on their genetic heritage rather than how superficially similar they look to each other. Which of course leads to scientists like Mike delighting in sending in suggestions for changes to species nomenclature to scientific journals - and even textbook publishers - based on his analyses of genetic sequence homology. His first love has always been fruit flies of course, but I am a little cynical about his motivations with this particular project: many of the genetic studies he has carried out in relation to species nomenclature have tended to concentrate on organisms that are more well-known in the public eye. I still remember how ecstatic he became about the uproar he caused by suggesting a re-classification of many of the exhibited orchid categories at the Chelsea Flower Show, particularly so when the story got into the mainstream press. Just like my Far, Mike thrives on media attention in more ways than one: not least because the orchid incident led to him being offered a permanent research fellowship by Trinity college Cambridge. And this means of course that Mike is gradually losing the ”publish-or-die” mentality that many academics take on while accepting the hand-to-mouth lifestyle of short-term research contracts. And I include myself in this group of course – it’s a dog-eat-dog world if you choose my particular career path. 
We discuss Mike’s new findings examining the ancestry of various breeds of domestic dogs, and then I decide to cut to the chase and pop the question that is on my mind:
”Mike, I know that my father was involved in co-ordinating and contributing to an enormous number of research projects before his death, many of which I don’t know about. He told me a lot about the peregrine project of course – that was his baby…” We smile knowingly at each other: he understands and has experienced himself the separation, the desperate fight for attention, that is brought on by one of my Far’s ”babies”. My father would literally get so involved with something that the whole world was blocked out, being of secondary importance: ordinary mortals can’t compete with an evolutionary stream leading back millions of years. I take a deep breath.
-”My father courted controversy of course: do you think that any of his projects may have indirectly led to threats to his life?”. Stillness; my question hangs in the air for a while.
Mike is never good at conversation, but of course he can see the implications of my question at once. I am waiting, hoping, for his immediate denial.
Silence falls on the room. Mike shifts in his chair and picks up a plastic model of a fruit fly. He fingers it distractedly, looks down at the floor. 
”Where to start…” he muses; “…animal rights activists, creationists, even gardeners…All kinds of groups…All kinds of horrible letter and emails, vague threats, but nothing concrete enough that the police could get their teeth into”, he says slowly, staring down at the plastic fly.
I should have guessed - of course my father received hatemail! It fits: I have myself experienced being targeted by animal rights activists, so I know the unpleasant types of letters one can receive. 
I remember well enough one group’s day of ”affirmative action” in Cambridge, where activists dressed in skeleton suits surrounded the university Genetics Department, demanding that ”the monkeys” be ”released” immediately. The departmental head had to call in the police and it took some time to persuade the protestors that the largest organisms the Genetics Department dealt with were, in fact, plants and fruit flies (kept under appropriately ethical conditions), before the activists yelled out some slogans on insect rights and slunk home, tails between their legs. My Far, of course, found this hilarious when I recounted the story to him; he delighted in hearing stories which confirmed his own (rather narrow) view of the general public. But he never mentioned his own problems with hatemail to me, not even then. Perhaps because the hatemail was of a more sinister kind.
- “Did you keep any of the hatemail?” I ask, eagerly. 
Mike shakes his head slowly. “No, sorry Lone, I can’t even remember the name of the groups to be honest - and there were so many, I don’t know where you would start to be honest”. He looks directly at me, surprised. ”Do you think that this is something that the police should be looking into in more detail?” He turns back to his computer screen, begins to fiddle with the computer mouse again. ”Lone, accidents happen, even to the best people, even to the giants”.
It strikes me that Mike has not been told the police’s version of events. 
I recount my conversation with Wheedle and am gratified by Mike’s reaction.
”Uh-uh Lone, no way!”; he turns round towards me again, fingers the fruit fly model furiously now, crushing the antennae with his thumbs. He drops the model on the desk, and stares for a while at the phylogeny trees on the computer screen thoughtfully: ”It’s a cover-up Lone: they don’t want you to look any further into this. It’s the university not wanting to get its name sullied: no-one will come to study or research here if they think they are a target. ”
I think of the church calling card I found in my father’s jacket pocket: could it have had a more sinister connection? 
- “You mentioned creationists - what was their interest in my father’s work? Surely my father kept out of religious issues?”
He shakes his head. ”Good grief Lone, you really have been living in an ivory tower all your life haven’t you? Evolutionary theory is red-hot for Christians who call themselves creationists. You see, evolution as a concept goes against the literal meaning of the biblical version of creation – you know, that ”on the first day” stuff from Genesis?- and gives a theoretical explanation for how the human species could have been generated - over millions of years, not in the space of 6 days! And although many Christians see the Genesis creation story as a metaphor for evolution, there are some creationist groups who object to scientists working with theories that go against the literal meaning of the bible”. He raises an eyebrow to underline his scepticism, then turns half-way back towards his computer screen, clearly feeling uncomfortable about having said so much. 
I find myself shivering; Mike notices and is relieved to change to subject by apologising for the lack of heating.
We sit staring at each other for a moment. I don’t have anything to say, Mike is grieving too for his mentor, his friend. Neither of us can share our grief, it is not our style to open up. Too risky. So we just sit and stare, this grieving equivalent of an arm wrestle. 
Mike eventually gives up; leans over to his file cabinet, takes out a laptop computer I know very well. He pushes it towards me, conspiratorially. In case I were in any doubt, he runs his fingers along the name strip on the computer: my father’s name. Written in the same squiggly capital letters I have seen earlier today.
I take it wordlessly, and Mike turns back to the screen of his own computer. 
”I took it from his office when I heard that he had died, before the pigs came in. They have been asking after it, but I know there is a lot of personal stuff on there, emails and shit.” His vocabulary is reverting to his inner city roots now, I can hear that he is upset. He continues to look into the computer screen, fingers the plastic fly model. He is defensive: ”that’s why I took it Lone, no other reason”, he turns to me briefly, looks me in the eye defiantly, as if daring me to think otherwise. 
”You may find something about the hatemail in there, maybe some emails or something. Anyhow, something on the computer somewhere may explain who you should be looking for.” He turns around briefly, looks me in the eye. ”It’s password encoded”. A grudging admission: ”I can’t yet figure out how to open it; we’ll have to do it together. But if we find anything that’s bad Lone, then you know we have to destroy it”. 
The same obsession as the police: protect my father’s legacy and maintain the legend. Heaven forbid that anybody should actually get to know my father as he really was. 
I run my fingers over the keyboard, as if trying to catch the ghost of my father.
Now that he has confided in me, I will confide in him. I take the CD-ROM from its box and give it to Mike. 
-“My father’s last sequence data”. 
He holds the CD-ROM reverently between thumb and finger, like a holy artefact. 
-“He left it in my pigeonhole just before he died. Mike, I know that you will be able to make head and tail of it: help me find out what he was researching that he was so desperate for me to know about. It may have something to do with his death?”
He is silent for a moment then nods gently; “Come back tomorrow afternoon, I will have something for you. Also, we can have a second look at the password issue on your father’s computer if you haven’t cracked it”.
Our eyes meet briefly, and then he turns away again and starts to examine the data on the CD-ROM. The silence continues and I take my cue to get up to leave. I whisper my thanks, but there is no reply apart from a shrug of hunched shoulders. My audience is over: now Mike is ready to bury himself in his work again and be left in solitude. 
I walk through the broom cupboard out of the lab, and take the rickety old Victorian lift down to the ground level of this part of the old Genetics complex. I head out of the front door of the complex and wander through the bike park towards the main Genetics building. 
It is perhaps a hundred metres from the ”old” to the ”new” Genetics building, a fact that many a young student has complained about when having to run from one lecture hall to the other across the two complexes. I am considering this irritation when an instinct – a shadow perhaps – causes me to turn around by the cycle shed 
I come face-to-face with Lucien, the limpet ex-boyfriend from hell, crouching in the shadows and watching me intensely. 
”Lucien! What the hell are you doing here waiting around the cycle park and waiting for me, are you following me?”
He looks lost for words when he realises that I have spotted him.
” I'm not following you Lone. I'm just... Wanting to make sure that you're okay” he says hopelessly. He bites his lip, staring in a confused manner at me.
”For god’s sake, Lucien, just go home. I'm fine, really I am.” 
I turn my back on him as the ultimate punishment, while I swipe my security card in the reader to open the lab doors, and walk into the genetics building, shutting it firmly once I'm in. I turned to check on Lucien through the glass panels in the door, and realise he is staring at me, dejectedly. Some people choose to learn the hard way, that's all.

***

I leave my Far’s sacred laptop safely on the top shelf of my lab office. I can’t quite face investigating it now without having a stiff drink first. I am afraid of what I might find: more elements to puncture the few myths I have left to believe about my Far. 
I retreat to my own private evolutionary world, at once trying to concentrate on gene promoters and unnatural codons, safe topics to occupy my mind.
But my thoughts keep flitting back to the church business card, unsettled as I am about the creationist threats to my Far. 
In a moment of weakness, I take out the card and punch in the number to my mobile phone. I let the mobile ring once, then think better of it and turn off the phone completely. I can’t shake the idea that only suicidal men have church calling cards with “RING ME!!!” written on the back hidden in their pockets. And I’m not sure I’m ready to delve into that aspect of my Far’s personality.

***

Coming home late that night after drowning myself in genetic vectors, I see the lights on my landline answer machine blinking. Damn – I shouldn’t have turned my mobile off.
The answer phone message is from a Detective Jones, requesting me to turn up at his offices at 10am the next day, as he has some news on the investigation of my father’s death. His voice sounds strained; tired perhaps.

A detective? This sounds promising: they must have found something interesting if they weren’t going to pawn me off with Inspector Wheedle again.


***


Chapter 10


I arrive early at Detective Jones’ daily office, which I am surprised to find out is a small, unobtrusive, red building in the middle of Cambridge, tucked in close to the marketplace. No name plate. Why announce yourself to the world?
I introduce myself to the woman at the entrance desk – an underdeveloped stick insect who smiles sweetly at me - and am directed up to detective Jones’ office across the hallway, where I stand waiting. 
And observing. 
As an academic, I have a scrupulous sense of someone’s importance which is obtained by the standard method of observing a colleague’s office size (half a lab bench vs. a professor-sized office the size of a cupboard) and multiplying this size by the total volume of un-reviewed papers and theses together with any raw data lying around. My father’s office of course scores highly on both these stakes. I still have a thrill recalling the first time I went there for a supervision and realized that on his notice board, besides the long lists of contact names of group members and a written key detailing the samples stored in his lab freezers, there were two old photos of me pinned up in the holes between the work schedules. Admittedly, I was with various types of snake in one and hugging a giant redwood tree in another, but it was still a shock to see this declaration of love hanging so openly with his phylogeny trees and species lists. I still wonder whether they were strategically placed there before my visit as a peace offering, a plea to toe the line and become his successor. Which he always maintained I could. I have always been against this on principle of course: I can do much better than my father, and will do it on my own two feet. 
No peace offerings in this detective’s office. In fact, there are no signs of humanity at all: just an empty grey melamine desk on which three identical ballpoint pens are meticulously lined up in parallel on top of an empty A5 notepad, and a cable plugged into the wall to which a laptop can presumably be fitted. Bare grey walls. And a small round grey melamine meeting table with a couple of old plastic chairs. Cosy. This guy would not pass my test of academic importance by any rate. 
The door opens quietly and I get my first view of the physical embodiment of that strained voice on the phone. I’m surprised; Detective Jones is nothing more than an angular, wiry middle-aged man in a dull grey polyester suit, with closely cropped dull grey hair and carrying a dull grey laptop holdall. This dull greyness extends even to the pallor of his skin; this guy is fading. And yet there is an energy amongst it all. I am reminded at once of the chameleon in one of the many tanks at my father’s labs – alert and ready to attack, every muscle tensed, tongue coiled and all senses primed. And yet at the same time it was deceptively unnoticeable against the concrete walls spotted with age. The only difference between Jones and this vision of Chamaeleo chamaeleon camouflage is that Jones is sporting a pair of over-sized (and probably expensive vintage) black Ray Benn sunglasses (so this guy has also Sold His Soul, I am thinking). 
He smiles a terse smile at me and deposits his holdall on the desk before gesturing towards the interview table. 
”Miss Lone Christensen I presume”. I nod. That’s interesting; no handshake is offered. This guy is not interested in making friends at any rate. I sit down, placing my handbag protectively on my knee. He sits, then gets up again to shut the office door, paces over to shut the blinds, comes to sit down again. He removes the Ray Benns and sets them carefully on the table. I half-expect him to have the rotating yellow eyes of my father’s chameleon, squinting across the room in abrupt blinks. But of course, this guy has grey eyes, I think, enjoying the irony. However, on closer inspection I see that these grey eyes are anything but dull. I wonder whether the Ray Benns aren’t in fact a necessary part of the camouflage, to hide those two sparkling pools. 
I have always been fascinated by eyes. My Far was always talking about them, and he loved to be challenged by opponents who assailed him with tales of the impossibility of the evolution of such a complex structure. 


***


Chapter 11


I remember the thrill of excitement of going diving with my father and his team of evolutionary biologists off the coast of South Africa when I was fresh-faced teenager. Fourteen years old; a slim natural Scandinavian beauty and as yet unaware of the potential power this condition gave me. My father had set up an observation post made out of thick metal caging, in which the two of us were lowered into the sea to be close to the colossal corpse of a dead whale, floating on the surface and bloated like some kind of grotesque barrage balloon that has crashed into the sea. 
I was always my Far’s preferred research assistant on these trips, and this time was no exception – I still recall the annoyed looks on the faces on the 3 PhD students that had dutifully tagged along in the boat with us as my father announced I was accompanying him on the first ”mission”, as he put it (trust my father to always over-emphasise the importance of these data-collecting trips). It wasn’t even data collection in the sense of the word as I would use it in bioinformatics – the main weapon he used on these underwater missions was a specially adapted video camera. I can still feel the excitement of being gently lowered into the water, obediently clutching the video camera (top quality, courtesy of the BBC after my father sent a begging letter), while my father gave arm signals to the crew and checked our safety line.
A few minutes of stillness; glorious moments where my father and I hugged each other while gently paddling to ensure that we stayed away from the edges of the cage. He gesticulated at a fish he wanted me to capture on film, and then after some time our waiting was rewarded. 
The great white sharks came powering onto the scene: primeval monsters whose ancestors had survived their evolutionary struggles and who had scented blood from kilometres away to come and suckle at the breast of the whale. Huge gaping mouths -twisting and turning to rip off the flesh and satiate a mad blood rush; four sharks at first, and then more joined the feeding frenzy, until the whale looked like a sow giving sustenance to her 13 piglets, all squirming and squeezing for a place at the best teat. 
I can see the scene now: my father is frantically pointing at the great whites I should be capturing on film of course – he is only interested in the males for this particular study of shark behaviour, and the ones with erections at that. It is certainly not just humans at any rate that are prone to a bit of slap and tickle after a night of binge eating and drinking. One could say that my father gave me a very early introduction to what my grandmother had insisted on calling ”the birds and bees”, illustrated by every species possible (except humans – my father did have some boundaries in this respect). 
The consequence of the sharks eating so much was very similar to the human reaction to consuming too much alcohol – the males got randy, but of course also became un-coordinated and swam slowly around the whale carcass in a confused state. I watched through the camera lens as a particularly bloated male started to pursue (at, it has to be said, a very leisurely pace) a similarly bloated female, in a beeline towards our cage. 
My father was in an ecstasy of excitement, as shark mating rituals had never before been captured on film. I recall him poking me, waving wildly at the shark, pointing madly at the shark’s genitals, while I focussed the camera and gave him the thumbs up signal. 
And then it happened: our wire cage was no match for being accidentally rammed by two intoxicated adult sharks, and as the male prepared to enter the female by trapping her against the walls of our cage, she surged clumsily forward and head-butted the wire cage. The cage gave way instantaneously and her enormous head entered our space, just millimetres away. 
My camera came face to face with an enormous dark grey eye, a bottomless pool of cunning primed for killing. Her teeth were safely sheathed in her closed mouth at that point, but I was not going to give her any reason to arm herself. I retreated hastily to the back of the cage. 
But my Far was frozen in space, mesmerised, perilously close to the monster, dreamily eyeing her. Paralyzed with the heady combination of extreme joy and fear.
I jerked him back away from the shark’s jaws and grabbed the safety line, tugging it frantically. The cage rose and we watched, hugging each other, as the shark retreated back out again, partly because her suitor was actively engaging her attentions. 
My father was shaking when we emerge from the water – at the time, he claimed it was because of the cold, but I knew better. And that evening I got to see the glasses of whiskey he drank in quick succession back in our shared cabin. 
He has never really thanked me for getting us out of the water that day, but he did recount the incident during a lecture he gave on sexual reproduction when I was one of the hundreds of fresh-faced NatSci students in my first term at Cambridge. In his version of the story of course it was he who tugged the safety line. But his eyes rested on me and I caught the hint of a rueful smile. He was also eternally grateful that I kept the video rolling as long as I did, right until that last frame, filled with the seemingly enormous grey eye regarding the camera with a stony curiosity, like an executioner measuring the neck of his charge. 

***

Jones’ eyes possess a similar primeval cunning, as though he has evolved through the last few millions of years against all odds, weathering all selection pressures. And has survived with the sole purpose to sit opposite me in this cold grey room.
 -” I am most sorry for your loss, Miss Christensen” - he says slowly and woodenly, inspecting me up and down. No stopping to take a longer look at my breasts like a lot of men tend to do - this is purely professional interest it would seem: no lingering on the job. 
I nod; he continues on that my father will be sorely missed, the usual platitudes. I don't feel like joining in this charade any more, so stay silent. He is watching me intensely. He clears his throat.
- ”I know this will cause you pain to hear this Lone, but your father was a very ill man. In and out of the psychologist's chair, and with a stack of less than legal medicines in his bathroom cabinet.-  
He bends down and takes out two evidence bags filled with pills, pushes them over to my side of the table. 
-”It would perhaps be for the best if this case is not investigated any further, either by us or members of his family”- 
He lets the implications hang in the air. Those eyes; he is gauging my reaction closely. 
I am turning over the bag with the pills in my hand. Small white pellets of serenity, a biochemical pathway to another reality. But somehow, it doesn’t fit.
”My father knew the effects of these things and refused medication for anything, even anaesthetics for tooth extractions,” I hear myself saying, coldly. 
”I find it hard to believe that Far was a seasoned druggie. I would have noticed that his pupils were dilated for a start. And they weren't.” I stare right into Jones’ eyes. 
I am reverting back to my childhood role of defending my father, but the nagging doubts remain. I am well-acquainted with my father’s alcoholic tendencies, so it is not impossible that he could have progressed to something harder.
Jones pauses for effect, drums his fingers thoughtfully on the table. A decision is made; he reaches again for his laptop holdall; brings out another, larger evidence bag. 
This one contains my father's laptop.  
Okay, I have to admit that I did not see this one coming. They must have followed me from Mike’s office and raided my office after I left the building. But why did they suspect I wasn’t playing ball along the official line? I can’t quite fit the pieces of the puzzle together.
Jones enjoys my surprise for a moment; again the evidence bag is pushed towards me, his eyebrow is arched. 
- ”This laptop was stolen from your father's office, despite the fact that the office had been locked pending further investigation. Furthermore, it would appear to have your father’s handwriting on. And yet it was not delivered to the police the minute it was uncovered, but instead was withheld by certain Cambridge academics who should have known better…”
He smiles a broad, crocodile smile before continuing. 
- “This is tampering with a police investigation, Miss Lone, and can carry a criminal sentence. I should also add that these objects are peppered with somebody's fingerprints... At the moment the culprit is unknown, however if you persist with the ridiculous line of investigation that your father did not commit suicide, then I shall be forced to expand mine; I shall effectively feel compelled to take your prints in the interests of public safety...”. He sighs, carefully pausing for effect. 
- ”...and you would be surprised how hard it is for criminals to get academic funding, particularly if the police make efforts to bring the facts of a researcher’s criminal acts to the grant councils.” He gives me a toothy smile, folds him arms and leans back on his chair. I can’t breathe; I am motionless, not wanting to give myself away. He continues, more softly, co-operatively. A kind of schizophrenic good-cop, bad-cop monologue.
- ”Of course Miss Christensen, I can just destroy the pills and forget about the fingerprints, of course!... If, that is, I am given enough reasons to forget about this investigation.” He leans towards me; I shrink back in my chair, clutching my handbag defensively.
- ”In particular, there are a number of people within the higher echelons of an academic institution not so far from here who have asked me to exercise discretion in how much I look into this.” 
Oh yes: I’m sure that there are. It’s a bit difficult to take advantage of my father’s legend if he has been a naughty boy. 
Detective Jones rolls his eyes slightly as if to make it clear that the decision to drop the case is not his, and then leans further even more. His voice is silky smooth, predatory.
- ”Well, Miss Christensen, do we have an agreement that neither of us take this unfortunate case any further?”
I am beaten and he knows it. He has looked into my soul with those all-seeing eyes of his and seen right into its black and rotting academic soul, onto which is stamped in large print the numbers of my latest research grant application numbers. Just as for my Far, a threat to my grants would be like severing an umbilical cord too early – and I am not ready to emerge, kicking and screaming, into the real world as yet. What’s more, the secondary consideration here (Good God, I realise, this is a secondary consideration for me) is the thought of being faced with any concrete evidence that my father may have had a drug habit, which turns me cold inside. And his being a drug addict would of course also affect my chances of a grant, almost as much as me getting a criminal record (dammit – that guilty thought again!). I have no doubt that Jones would turn me in - fingerprinted and guilty as hell - to get the result he is being asked for by the gods of the rotting institution of which I was so proud of becoming a member. My silence.
I nod slowly, look sullenly to the ground. Jones smiles again, picks up his sunglasses, stares out through the shades to check my reaction. He appears satisfied, almost relieved.
“One last thing, Miss Christensen. We found this taped to the inner lining of the laptop holdall”. He shows me a business card, the same rainbow-coloured business card as I found in my Far’s jacket, the creationist church calling card. I curse myself for not having examined the laptop case more thoroughly – what else have I missed that I should have found? What other clues did my father leave me? What was his connection to the church? It must have been important to have so many copies of the business card about his person. 
Jones picks up the business card and turns it over reflectively, while keeping his gaze focussed on me. 
- ”I will destroy this card, as this organization is of particularly unsavoury character, and you have no business with them. Are we agreed that there is no need to contact them and start digging around...?”
Dammit. Have they also been examining the phone numbers I dial on my mobile phone? Surely not; I try to dismiss the idea as paranoia. But am not entirely successful.
I nod again; there is no need for Jones to have the victory of hearing the dejection in my voice. 
And then he makes his fatal mistake.
- ”...just one small thing...” he continues, shifting his gaze downwards, ”we found this...”
He points to a small, hand-drawn symbol on the business card. I study it for a moment and am seized by a feeling of recognition: it is the same symbol drawn on the cover of the CD-ROM case, again in my father’s handwriting. 
“…this symbol drawn on the back of the business card, do you know what it means?”
It is said too casually, too offhand. In my mind’s eye I can see the grey chameleon again, ready to flick out his tongue and enfold his prey. The prey are usually totally unaware, quietly getting on with their own lives, unable to see the coiled up, compressed energy until it is too late. But I see it. 
Let’s expose the chameleon for who he really is.
- ”Yes, I did have some thoughts on that symbol.” I smile a broad, self-satisfied smile. 
His reaction tells me all I need to know: it’s like the time I presented my final model of preferred vector sequences for the gene therapy evaluation project I carried out for my PhD. The room becomes alive, the listener sits forward, hands gripping the arm-rests of the chair in excitement.  
I need a cover story here; enough to satisfy his need but also put him off the trail away from the creationist, before I can ask him the same questions. I trace the round shape of the symbol with my fingers;
- ”it’s obvious really”. 
I smile at him again, archly, and then modify my facial expression slowly, deliberately, to try and give my best impression of confusion.
”But why are you interested at all, if the case is to be shut” I ask innocently, matter of factly. ”It can’t be that important?”
Jones scowls; for an instant he is caught between denying his interest and losing this information or alternatively admitting how badly he wants it - and then, of course, tipping me off that there is something going on, something that suggests my Far’s death is not all it seems. 
He settles on a compromise and laughs awkwardly, conspiratorially:
- ”You know us police constables, we can never stop asking questions about any little niggling thing we don’t understand...” he smiles gallantly; ”we are not so different from scientists in that respect”. The he bites his lip, draws blood, and wipes it quickly with his jacket sleeve.
Too right, I think, and more than you realise. We both want the glory, but at the end of the day we are forced to follow the money. Start off as bright young things with principles, and end up bitter and cynical bastards - unless we hit the big time, that is. But you, my friend, I know that you are not who you say you are – you introduce yourself to me as a detective, then later on in the conversation you are degraded to a police constable. Enough to make a liar bite his lip at any rate.
I gather up my handbag and get ready to leave. It’s all over. Let’s give him what he is thirsting for: a good story.
- ”It is a stylised apple, as in the Christian creation story – you know, the one which the snake used to tempt Adam and Eve”, I inform him brightly. ”Rather beautifully stylised, don’t you agree?”
- ”Indeed, Miss Christensen”. 
He studies the symbol intensely. Silence. He is disappointed: it is not the story he had hoped for. Welcome to the world of science, I think. Anyone who gives you that crap about ”treasuring your exceptions” in your experimental results has obviously never been in the cut-throat world of biology: we all have our preferred little stories we desperately want to be true. I have known professors to force their students to repeat the same mind-numbing monkey-work five or six times because they can’t believe that any of their own assumptions, their own inner stories, could be wrong.
He is still puzzling over the symbol as I get up to leave, and I am not followed out.
As I leave the detective’s office I collect my thoughts: I would never refer to myself as a PhD student now that I have my wings, and it must be the same in the police force. It can only mean one thing: there is something about my Far’s death that Somebody desperately wants to cover up. Cover up enough to send this guy Jones to lie to me and threaten me into giving up the chase. And which suddenly seems important enough to risk even losing my hard-won Fellow’s bicycle parking space in the Sidney Sussex college backyard and getting catapulted into the real world. 
I make a beeline for Mike’s lab.


***


Chapter 12


My father always maintained that I should become an evolutionary biologist like Mike: he liked the idea that he could pass on his legacy to me.
He was disappointed, certainly, in this aim and more. He was disappointed that I was expelled from boarding school at the age of sixteen (an unfortunate accident involving lab frogs and the electricity mains for personal physiology experiments). And he was disappointed in the fact that we had become gradually estranged after I moved in with him full-time after the expulsion. 
His alcoholism had reached new heights, unfortunately. Or maybe it had always been that bad after my mother’s death. 
It is difficult to issue an open invitation to friends to come and visit during the holidays if your father is at risk of lying comatose on the kitchen floor or puking into a vase of flowers in the lounge. 
After 6 months I decided that I deserved better. I found myself an older boyfriend, who was just one of the many who had been love-struck (or lust-struck, at any rate) by my long-legged Scandinavian heritage. He had presumably thought he was taking advantage of a sweet sixteen-year old, but the truth was actually quite the opposite: I had carefully researched which of the local lads had their own apartment. Big enough for two. 
I lived there rent-free of course. It took my Far four days to notice that I had moved out.  
To this day, it amazes me that Cambridge tolerated my Far during that period of his life. Neither can I quite solve the mystery as to why I chose to study at Cambridge after eventually finishing school, given the proximity to my Far. All things considered, I should hate the guy by rights, and on the surface I do. 
And yet here I am, desperate to defend my Far’s honour, desperate to convince myself that my Far’s death was murder, desperate to know the truth and cleanse his memory. Running to Mike’s office through the cobbled streets of central Cambridge, through the market place, past the theatre and the pubs to his department.
Exhausted from running through town, I stop briefly at the bottom of the rickety wooden staircase up to Mike’s lab. 
It’s then that I notice the police cordon tied neatly across the stairway half-way up the staircase. Footsteps are coming down the steps; I back out of the hallway towards the courtyard cautiously – no reason to get caught investigating by Jones. 
There is a hand on my shoulder, and I spin around, frightened. 
It’s none other than an apologetic Inspector Wheedle, who draws me aside, hand still firmly clasping my shoulder.
“I’m soo sorry, my dear”, he trills, “but there’s been a m-oost dreadful accident, so we’re not allowing anyone up to the attic as yet”. 


***


Chapter 13


Wheedle’s young sidekick hands me a coffee cup and we stand awkwardly in the narrow stairway. They seem to have the routine down to a practised art.
I know at once, of course, in a similar way as for my father. “It’s Mike isn’t it?” I say, “What happened? Was he murdered?” 
It amazes me how calmly I take this situation. We could be discussing the weather, not the suspicious death of a young Cambridge researcher.
Wheedle splutters into his coffee: “Ooh dearie me, dearie me, no it doesn’t look that way.” He looks kindly at me: “You understand that this police interest is just routine when someone this young dies, even though it obviously looks like stroke.”
“A stroke…?” I ask, uncomprehending. “But that’s not possible.” Again, the sickly sweet smile, the nod of the head: “But, dearie me, he did have some fairly major health problems…” He lets the implications hang in the air. His nameless sidekick nods solemnly, sighing in chorus with Wheedle.
But the rational side of me can believe it, all too well. Mike has always been a larger-than-life figure (in the physical sense, at least), and this kind of enormous presence comes at a price. Your health. My mind turns back to first year pathology classes, elementary teachings on the correlations between obesity, high blood pressure and nasty cases of premature death. Heart attacks, strokes, all normal consequences of obesity. Lifestyle disease at its worst: a waste of a life and a waste of an enormously talented biologist.
But the irrational side of me thinks that this is too neat. Suppose, just suppose, that someone had wanted to stop me from investigating my Far’s death, after finding out that threats from Detective Jones had not done the trick? There would be no tidier end to the investigation than to kill Mike before he found out too much, and to frighten me off the trail as well. 
The logical part of brain cuts in again. This is pure fantasy: anybody who was unscrupulous enough to kill Mike is certainly unscrupulous enough to kill me, and I’m definitely alive and kicking. Furthermore, Mike hadn’t cracked the genetic code as yet, so there was no motive to kill him – the interested party could have just chosen to steal the CD-ROM and laptop instead.  
Even so though, why was Jones so determined to stop me? It makes no sense at all.  
It occurs to me that Wheedle might have some answers to what Jones is really after. I ask Wheedle the question that’s bothering me:
“Is Detective Jones also involved in the investigations into Mike’s death? 
Wheedle looks puzzled: “I’m afraid that I don’t know a detective Jones, dear. I’m heading all enquiries into untimely deaths in Cambridge”.
So my initial suspicions were correct: the shark is not who he claims to be.
“Does that include my Father’s death?”, I persist. 
- “Why yes, dear – despite the geographics, due to the sensitive nature of the case I’ve ended up co-ordinating that too.” His brow crinkles slightly, and he shifts awkwardly on his feet. “I say co-ordinate, but actually the only bobbies on that particular case are the two of us and a Gloucestershire liaison officer…as there were no suspicious circumstances, you see”, he says. 
The boy constable chimes in for the first time: “We got the results of the post-mortem yesterday. Blood alcohol levels were sky-high”, he rolls his eyes slightly, as if to say it was only to be expected. Wheedle looks displeased: this information has obviously not been communicated in the correct, kindly manner of choice. But the elderly inspector recovers magnificently: patting my shoulder, he sighs, regretfully nodding his head.  
- “Please let us know if we can be of any help to you my dear; we know that this must be a very difficult time for you.” He gives me another smile, longer this time, and I realise that this could possibly be Wheedle’s real smile: warmer and more sincere.
I feel a strange sense of resolve: although the data relating to my Far’s alcohol levels do not disprove the suicide theory, now I know Jones is a phoney I cannot let the matter lie: there are lies and deceit to be uncovered that must be connected somehow to my Far, and maybe even to Mike's death.
Certain breeds of sheep have a different way of dealing with adversity than screeching for help from the rest of the crowd. An adult sheep that is separated from the flock by a predator has no particularly special distress call over its usual plaintive bleating: there would be no evolutionary advantage to this, as none of the other sheep will ever consider coming to the rescue. The separated sheep is left to defend itself as best it can, and that is something which most of the sheep are surprisingly good at: biting and kicking always pay off much more than a plaintive bleat in this type of situation. There is something admirable and appealing to me about this level of self-reliance in such lowly animals. 
I have long resolved to adopt the same model for my relations with other people. Let’s just say that I have a hard time relying on others. And I have no desire to ask Wheedle for help, to confide my suspicions in him as to the timing of the two deaths and about my strange interview with Jones. It also occurs to me that Jones could be several levels above Wheedle, or even working for an entirely different agency. Alternatively, he could have been hired by sinister forces (within the university?) to shut me up. Either way, far better to work alone to find the truth, minimize the risk. I can kick and bite if necessary.
- “Thank you officer, you’re top of my list” I whisper graciously, and turn to leave. 

***

Back in my Fellow’s Set, I turn on my mobile phone and dial the number on the evangelical church calling card again. The phone rings only once before it is picked up and answered: “Cambridge Evangelicals; Angels on your body”. His is a bright voice, young. I would say that he is no more than 35 years old. Or perhaps slightly older, assuming that he is well preserved by being filled with the Holy Spirit. He is breathless, excited, I can hear it. I wonder whether all men of faith get like this when believe they are close to saving an extra soul.
” Angels on your body too”, I reply, trying to erase the traces of the cynicism in my voice, “is this the man who wrote RING ME on their calling card and gave it to my father?” There is a silence at the end of the phone for a while. 
“How did you find that? Who is this?” says the voice. Slowly, measured. 
“How do you know who I am talking about, if you don’t know who this is?”, I counter.  More silence.  I am wondering whether he is praying to his god for divine guidance here.
“I think I know you” the voice replies, as if to answer my question. “What pet name did your father call you when you were angry, my child?” He is calm, awaiting my answer. He is speaking in the past tense: he knows that my Far is dead. This is some kind of test, but I don't understand why. I decide to be truthful: I want him on my side, or at least on my father's side.
“I was his Sne-Dronning, his Snow Queen”, I reply, “and she would like to talk to you about her father's death, someplace public”. I am not so foolish as to meet him away from the safety of the masses.
This time I catch the barely perceptible whisper of the serenity prayer in the background: “Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change...  The wisdom to change the things I can...”
A decision is made; I can hear this by the resigned sigh on the other end of the phone line. 
“It's dangerous, ringing me like this”, he says matter-of-factly. But he does not sound very afraid, I notice. “Come to Church tomorrow at 10.30, for the main service.  We can go out to a café for brunch afterwards, and over brunch we can talk about the beauty of God's creation as well as the Devil's busy hands and their effect on your father.  More than that I cannot tell you. You have the address on the card, I assume.” He sighs, and continues “Goodbye my child, we may have been talking too long already”. I start to open my mouth to issue my nameless acquaintance with another “Angels on your body” salutation, but he has already hung up. He expects that I will come; there is no need for him to hear my reply.
There is nothing for it but to turn up at the service and see him for myself, Angels or no Angels.
I am just about to turn my mobile off again to ensure no unwelcome phone calls from Lucien when it beeps, indicating an answer-phone message. I check out the caller details and can feel myself going cold: it is a message from Mike’s lab phone, left late last night. Just before his death. 


***


Chapter 14


The message is indeed from Mike. I know that it would have been recorded before his death, but if still feels like I am listening to a voice from beyond the grave. He sounds excited, I can hear from his tone of voice. 
- “Hi Lone, I have cracked the code on this CD-ROM! Man, you are not going to believe this! The parts I initially analysed are just ordinary sequence reads downloaded from the human genome project’s website, so nothing special there…all the sequences are known already, obviously…”
I can picture him pausing for dramatic effect, smiling ludicrously as he did whenever he solved a problem.
“…But get this man! So cool! I uploaded some of the later parts of the ATGC code from the file into my sequence analysis program, and it identified a number of islands of letters which were nothing to do with the sequences. I mean, they contained letters other than A, T, C or G. I isolated these regions and found a list of 42 names. Weird huh?...Only a biologist skilled in bioinformatics would have found that.“He giggles uncontrollably; “I just tried to Google the names, and can’t find any of them. It’s a mystery! Come round tomorrow morning before my nine o’clock supervisions…” He groans audibly - I can almost hear the pain in his voice at the thought of having to tutor some unworthy pupils – “…and I’ll show you.”
Hearing Mike’s voice again has a strange and powerful effect on me: despite being confronted with his death since meeting Wheedle this morning, this is the first time I feel the tears welling up. I permit myself a couple of minutes silent crying and then dry my eyes with my sleeve: this won’t help me to revenge Mike’s and my Far’s deaths. Because now I know Mike solved the mystery of the CD-ROM’s contents, I’m convinced that his death is too convenient. The timing is just too neat. But I can’t alert Wheedle to my fears, as then Jones will know that I haven’t given up searching for the truth on these two mysterious deaths.
I sit and contemplate the irony of my situation for a moment: the mystery of my Father’s final dataset has been solved, but the necessary evidence is probably sitting in the hands of a psychotic (and quite possibly fake) police detective who can’t wait for an excuse to shut my research activities down. 


***


Chapter 15


I know where the evangelical church is of: it is an 80s, solid concrete building a few hundred metres from the centre of Cambridge, down the back streets towards the river.  As for any type of social gathering I consider uninteresting, I follow my usual strategy of arriving exactly as the service starts, to avoid having to speak to anybody.  I have inherited my father's Scandinavian aversion to hours of superficial small talk.
Standing at the church entrance is a pretty young blonde girl, half my age, wedding ring already glinting on her finger.  (I always notice these small details). She beams at me and informs me that I am very welcome here in the house of God. Thrusting a service sheet into my hand, she ushers me into the main church area.  It reminds me of an enormous Danish Lagkage, a layer cake, made up as it is the three circular levels of seating around a central pulpit area. Everyone can see and be directly addressed by the preacher; no possibilities here for shirking in the back row.
All eyes are turned adoringly to the preacher, a young dark haired man dressed in jeans and a white T-shirt with a large purple cross emblazoned on it. It looks like I have just missed the welcome prayer, but unfortunately managed to avoid missing the first hymn, the words of which are projected on to the white screen behind the preacher. (No hymn books – that would presumably be horribly old-fashioned).
I hate singing. Danes sing all the time as a way of marking events together: weddings, baptisms, birthdays, family get-togethers, barbecues, parties. But I have always tried to reject my cultural heritage. I was always the hateful child that refused to join in during my father’s traditional Danish family songs. I even recall him trying to liven up my boarding school’s Church of England confirmation after-service party with a home-written song, which I proceeded to tolerate in a stony faced manner, while he led a rather confused gathering of parents in a personalised song about me. The first mention of God was on page four. 
His end-of-term lectures were legendary for always including some kind of song, and for this reason, I never attended. I'll turn on the TV if I want to see someone make a fool of himself.
The Cambridge congregation clap and raise their hands as an electronic keyboard starts to play the introduction, and I make my way through the clapping masses to an empty seat to the right of the exit door. Just in case I feel the need to leave.  
The people sitting by the side of me smile and nod, and I nod back vaguely. I fuss about placing my handbag on the floor under my seat in an attempt to avoid further eye contact. I am not a tactile person, and the thought of hugging random strangers in an even vaguely evangelical way is not my thing.  The keyboards draw the song of praise to a triumphant conclusion, then the preacher raises his arms to the heavens as we obediently sit down again, instantly pacified despite having been filled with the spirit only a few seconds earlier.
The preacher starts to talk about the book of Genesis, waving his arms and pointing at members of the congregation.  I don't attempt to follow his theological arguments, as I am more interested in scanning the faces of the congregation: is there anyone here who I recognize, or who is recognizing me? But it is just a sea of faces; I cannot make eye contact with anyone.  I just hope that my Mr RING ME knew my father well enough to be able to recognize me. 
I am distracted from my thoughts by the preacher, who is shouting now. 
“It's the arrogance of it all that really gets me, you know, let me show what it was that they actually did.“ He takes out a bucket and pours mineral water into it, from a bottle hidden close to the altar. “They add in water, and some gases”, at which point he blows demonstratively into the bucket. “Then they added in an electrical charge to try and simulate lightning”. He takes out some batteries from under the lectern, and throws them carelessly into the bucket. He claps his hands together, “and then ladies and gentlemen, we seal it up and heat it! And that’s Life, just like that!”. He winks conspiratorially. People in the congregation are starting to laugh, some are laughing hysterically. 
The preacher raises his hands to attempt to dampen the laughter, and points into the air with his index finger. “Seriously, seriously, folks…...Seriously now...That's really what the scientists are saying; that's what they are basing their evolutionary theory on. It doesn't sound very advanced to me.” He starts to pace back and forth across the room. He has his audience, and he knows it. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, this theory has been sold to the general public as if it were absolute truth. But this is just not the case! It’s nothing more than a theory! Just consider the implications of this experiment for one second: in order for life to be created, it was necessary for a scientist to set up the system and add the energy needed for life to emerge!  That was an intelligent designer indeed, and proved that life cannot occur without some great presence setting it going. I choose to believe that that great presence is the Christian God, revealed to us through Jesus Christ our Lord. Secondly, where is the so-called fossil record of this happening?  They have it for everything else apparently!” 
More laughter, people in the congregation are shaking their heads. “I put it to you ladies and gentlemen, that it is an unprovable theory, that is mistakenly portrayed in textbooks and media articles as incontrovertible truth. And that is the biggest type of lie of all”.
He is staring directly at me, challenging me. 
And then I realise: this is my man, despite the change in tone since last night’s phone call. This sermon is for me, and me alone, and he wants me to know it.

***

After the service I loiter for a while by the prayer book shop in the church vestry, pretending to be interested in the exhibited wares, until I hear the ecstatic crowds starting to filter out of the church and into the real world. My man is waiting by the door, thoughtful.  He smiles when he sees me, and reaches out to crush my hand in a tight handshake. 
“Reverend Wallis. Welcome to my church, my child.  You are indeed most welcome.” 
I decide to get straight to the point. “Who are you afraid of, Reverend? Why wouldn't you talk on the phone?”
He gestures with his finger to be quiet, and points to a cafe across the street.
“Let me buy you a coffee my child”. Despite his young age, the term “my child” does not feel as misplaced as it should have been. The church has definitely aged him somehow. We wander quietly over the cobbled street to the café and find a table in the corner.
He orders a caffeine-free, fair trade, organic skinny latte. This guy is compensating the something, or else it's a public statement of who he is. Or who he’d like me to think he is, at least.
I can make statements too. I order a full fat, double cream latte with vodka shots and extra caffeine. He makes no comment.
We survey each other across the cafe table. 
“I’m glad that you rang me”, he says finally. “This church is under police surveillance, you know. They don’t like the proactive way that we try to engage and re-educate the local scientific community about the truths contained in Genesis. And anyway, I'm not really supposed to contact you, you know. It’s against the rules”.
“What rules?” I ask suspiciously.
Wordlessly, he takes out a key ring loaded with plastic coins from his shirt pocket. I recognize it at once: my father also had one in his jacket pocket, although its significance is lost on me. The preacher sees this in my questioning look and explains: 
“Each coin is for a year of abstinence. Your father was doing very well and was close to receiving his fifth coin, an extremely significant achievement and one that can only be reached by taking each day at a time. I was extremely proud to be his Sponsor.” 
I decide not to tell him about the mound of beer cans at the story tree.
He puts the keyring back in his breast pocket, and pats it gently. 
“He was very proud of you Lone, you know.” He stares directly at me, daring me to contradict him. “but he was worried about you, and also feared for his own life.  He never told me directly why.”
I am intrigued. “Did you have any idea as to who could have been involved?”  
“- Don't worry, your secrets are safe with me” I add hurriedly. 
He considers the question, lips moving silently. Perhaps he is asking for divine forgiveness before betraying my father's and AA’s confidence. That is probably strictly against the rules too, but heck, break one, break ‘em all: you Go To Hell either way.
“I remember that he rang me and asked me to come over late at night, two weeks before his death. He told me that he had stolen four bottles of port from the Fellows’ common room, but was fighting the instincts within. I could hear that he was distraught. I was at his Fellow’s quarters within 20 minutes, and I talked to him on the phone all the way there”.  He pauses for a moment, reflecting. “We took a stroll down to the River Cam with the bottles safely in my rucksack, then stood and prayed by the riverside for a long time. He was begging God for forgiveness of his sins, but told me he had done something so terrible in his past that God will not be able to find forgiveness for him. I told him that as long as his prayers were genuine, they would be heard.” He shifts in his chair slightly, looks down at the floor. 
I am uneasy: what secrets has my Far kept from me? As if to answer my unspoken question, the preacher continues: “I remember that after praying for an hour or so, we wandered back to his fellows quarters. Your father told me that his past was fast catching up with him, and that he was going to face up to it and accept the consequences. I asked him whether he had broken any laws, but he would not reveal anything else on the issue, just told me he was afraid.  And he was afraid that you would be affected too Lone, he was babbling something about your gene therapy projects.” 
It is clear that he cannot tell me more about my father's fears: I am no further with my investigations than before. I am eager to learn as much as possible about what was said, but he raises his hands, slightly defensively: “I am not a scientist Lone, so I could not follow his fears with your studies.”
I feel the bile within me rising again. “If you admit to not being a scientist, then perhaps you should not preach against evolution using pseudoscientific arguments”, I retort acidly. 
I am angry, and he knows it. “Let me tell you about that experiment that you lambasted today”, I continue. “The Miller-Urey experiment was conducted in 1953 by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey at the University of Chicago, and was an experiment that simulated hypothetical conditions present on the primeval Earth and tested for the occurrence of chemical evolution.” He snorts derisively: “in a test tube! That’s not exactly how God made the earth!” 
I continue again, unperturbed. “The experimental mix contained water, methane, ammonia and hydrogen, which were sealed in a sterile environment. The water in the system was heated to cause evaporation, and lightning was simulated through the atmosphere using electrodes to fire sparks. The system was put under a continuous cycle of heating and cooling so that the water would condense and trickle back in a continuous cycle, simulating the early atmosphere.” He shakes his head again. 
“Listen to me Reverend, do you know what they found at the end of a week’s worth of subjecting the system to these conditions? They found that the precursors, the building blocks of life had formed. Two percent of the carbon had formed amino acids, including 13 of the 22 that are used to make proteins in living cells, and sugars, lipids, and some of the building blocks for nucleic acids were also formed. It’s at least an indication of what was possible – and that was only in one week. Life had more time than that to evolve, you will agree with me on that at least; I think that the Bible cites several thousand years?”
He is angry now, spluttering wildly.
“Blasphemy! Such blasphemy! What you are saying goes directly against the creation teachings of the bible - the word of God!”
I reply smoothly: “Perhaps it does, but with all due respect, the bible is not a suitable source for discussions relating to proving - or disproving - scientific theories. Do you know what the definition of a scientific theory actually is, Reverend?”
His reply is instantaneous: “It’s something that is unproven, nothing more than a wild guess…There can clearly be other explanations…”
“Uh-uh” I correct him tartly “I think you’ll find that the correct definition of a scientific theory is a substantiated explanation, based on a series of facts that have been repeatedly confirmed through observation and experiment. A true scientific theory is not a “guess”: it’s an evidence-supported explanation and can be tried and tested using scientific principles.” 
I find myself desperate to defend my father’s work to this man of god, and continue without giving him a chance to reply:
“My father was a strong proponent of Stephen Jay Gould’s idea of non-overlapping Magisteria - did he ever discuss the concept with you?...The idea is that the magisterium of science covers the empirical realm: by which is meant what the Universe is made of, and the theories relating to why the Universe works the way it does. The magisterium of religion extends over questions of ultimate meaning and moral value. These two magisteria do not overlap, so it is impossible to attack scientific theories using religious arguments.”
The reverend leans back in his chair, shaking his head: 
“You will burn in hell for your beliefs Lone; please consider Genesis and the truths that lie within…” 
I am just about to come with a lively retort when he turns around, as if to check whether anyone is watching us in the cafe, appears satisfied, then draws in closer towards me across the table, conspiratorially. 
“There is one more thing, Lone. That night your father gave me a document for safekeeping in a sealed envelope. He wouldn't say what it was, despite my questioning, but it's something to do with his past.”
He takes out a brown envelope from his pocket and pushes it furtively across the coffee table. “You are his only family: now this envelope is yours by right.” He looks at me hard in the face “It is up to your conscience as to how you should act now”, he adds softly. 
I make to open the envelope, but he shakes his head. 
“What's in there is between you and your father, Lone”. 
He continues: “he was a good man, your father”, as if acknowledging there could be reasons to doubt this fact. 
He leans towards me again, and takes my hand, sandwiching it between his hands. It is like being drawn into the jaws of a praying-mentis, vice-like. His back is crouched, as if ready to spring.
“You know Lone, every single person on God's earth can become free of the devil’s thirst for alcohol. It's a process of release, a healing, a blessing.”
He pumps my hand between his fingers strongly, rhythmically, like the old-fashioned methods of direct heart massage. In this case it has the opposite effect: I can feel the blood draining from my hand as the arterial circulation is restricted.
I feel the anger rising in me again, and also the fear, the loathing. I look him straight in the eye, unblinking. 
“I don't quite know what you're getting at.  I don't have an alcohol problem; in fact nothing in my life has any relation to my father.”
He smiles at me sadly.
“But Lone, we both know that that isn't true. You are your father's child, whether or not you accept that heritage.”
Suddenly, I have no interest in further discussions on the pros and cons of evolutionary theory and the evidence for natural selection. The preacher senses too that his audience is drawing to a close, and releases my hand from his grip. I pack the small brown envelope safely into my handbag and get up, nodding at him stiffly. 
“Thanks for the help, I’ll see you around”, I say, woodenly. 
He nods back gently. “Just as I was there for your father, I will be there for you”. He smiles slightly, “even if you don’t want it”. 
There is a tinge of sadness in his eyes: I choose to assume it’s because he has not reached his required tally of souls saved this week. 


***


Chapter 16


At home in my Fellow’s Set and away from prying eyes, I slit open the sealed brown envelope and get my first look at the precious contents.  
I admit to being somewhat disappointed: it is only a single page of strong white paper, printed with narrow lines and with space for a signature in the bottom right-hand corner. It looks like a page torn from a lab book. On the top right hand corner of the page, I notice the same apple symbol as on the CD-ROM. I finger it, puzzled.  There must be a connection, but it is not yet clear to me. 
I recognize the spidery handwriting on the paper as my father's. But the contents of the page mystify me: it is a list of names. 
I count the names; there are 42 exactly. My hands tremble slightly: it must be the same names that were found by Mike after being hidden in the reams of data on the CD-ROM by my Far. 
I scan the names to see whether there are any characteristics that strike me, but they are just names. The only thing that strikes me is that some appear to be Danish: there are Hansens, Pedersens, Nielsens and Soerensens, ordinary names for ordinary Danes.
I try Googling combinations of the names on my laptop. Nothing, no hits at all. Just as Mike had reported in his answerphone message on my mobile.
I am stumped: so much for this envelope providing a breakthrough to my investigations.
It occurs to me, however, that there is one possible avenue of enquiry left: Lucien, who can find out information on anyone or anything at the touch of a button courtesy of his access key to the Cambridge University Humanities research facility.  My curiosity gets the better of me: I swallow my pride and pick up the phone. 
He is still on my speed-dial.
There are definitely times when I feel like a broken record on repeat, and the strange thing is that - unlike all my previous boyfriends - Lucien appears to accept the situation. I've lost count of the times when I've pushed him away, only to come back to my mender, my fixer, when I've needed something. Like a lift in his car to a nature reserve. Or the addresses of the people on this list of names. Because that's my next interest: finding what it is that binds these people together on my father's handwritten note. 
He picks up the phone immediately, of course. 
“Hi babe, it's good to hear your voice again”, he gushes. “How are you holding up?”
I am always staggered by how happy he is to hear from me. 
- “So so”, I reply. “I missed you”. Now he knows I want something. But he likes my pretending too much to admit it.
“Love you darling”, he attempts. His breathing rate has increased slightly, I can hear it.
- “What are you up to?” I reply, changing the subject. 
“Just bumming around in the history faculty, reading an interesting review on the Danish resistance in Jutland. I’m sure you would find it fascinating, learning more about your fellow countrymen”. If he is disappointed, he doesn't show it. He tries again: “Maybe we could even take up the offer of those plane tickets to Denmark and go and investigate the historical sites of the Danish resistance. It would be an education for both us.” 
I say the magic words: 
- “I need a favour darling”, 
and catch the ghost of a chuckle from his line. 
“how did I know you needed something, Lone?” he asks, teasingly. “What is it?”
I consider how best to conceal the source of the names. 
-“I need some background information – you know, addresses, phone numbers, that type of thing - on some 42 individuals that have been selected for clinical trials of my new gene therapy vector”, I try. “Don't worry, it's all above board, standard procedure”, I add, somewhat unconvincingly.
“Uh-huh?” he hums on the phone. “are you sure that you're telling me the whole truth here Lone?”. He is understandably sceptical. I would be too. 
“I’ll make you dinner tomorrow night, at my place”, I purr. “If you do it, that is”. 
It has the intended effect. 
“OK, OK Lone, I'm sold. Just email me the list and I'll see what I can do.” I can almost picture his manic smile at the end of the line. Men are so stupid. 
- “Darling!” I say emphatically, “Thank you my baby, don't let me interrupt  your work any more! I'm off to scan it now!” 
With that, I make air kissing noises and slam down the phone despite his protestations. No need to give him too much attention.  

***

I despise myself at these types of moments: somehow it is not in my moral fibre to be able to cope with asking for help from others. What's more, there is nothing I can do until Lucien returns; I am paralysed. So now I feel both wretched and helpless.
I have a general hatred of helplessness, particularly helpless things. During my first term at university, a time when my Far and I were vaguely speaking to each, he persuaded me to hand-rear a tiny abandoned peregrine falcon chick. That chick was the definition of helplessness - it was nothing more than a speckled ball of fluff, this little eyas. Even today, I can still hear the echoes of its wretched cries, desperate for me to tweezer it a morsel of moistened minced meat. All the time crying, never leaving me alone.
I lasted a week of sleepless nights before persuading a suitably naïve zoology student that it would make a perfect behavioural model, abandoned as it had been by its parents from birth. 
My Far was furious when he found out, of course. I was sternly reminded that the peregrine is a protected species – one can’t pawn off a peregrine chick to the nearest student just because the bird’s pathetic little calls are annoying. 
I ask him why he thinks I can have any parenting skills at all, given that he has never displayed any. 
I can see his face before me now: he is white as a sheet. His eyes blink faster than normal. 
- “Jeg proever, Skat”. I’m trying, darling. 
- “Well Far, it’s not good enough. And it never has been. You and I both know that this relationship has never been any good. Let’s not prolong the agony any more.”
Perhaps it was because I didn’t want him to see my face crumpling into itself, and in any case I didn’t want to watch him crying. In any case, I turn to leave. 
“Lone…”, he calls out, desperately.
But suddenly the room is filled with second year students, readying themselves for a supervision with the Great Man Himself. And he takes the easy option – he prioritizes work over running after his only daughter. Again.

***

There is only one thing for it: there is nothing better to blot out feelings of helplessness and wretchedness while I wait for Lucien’s reply than to get well and truly drunk. Actually, that blots out all feelings, including the ever so slightly guilty feeling that I'm prostituting myself for information. So much the better. 
My drunken episodes differ enormously from my father's. Unlike my father's wild nights, my drunken moments are private, well-planned, convenient episodes slotted in to lessen the occasional low points brought on by everyday living. They are a release, a coping mechanism away from reality. And they work: I can maybe go a whole month without needing to be blotto. 
I can stop whenever I want to, I just don't want to. 
I prepare as I always do for a drinking binge: get dressed into my Fellows black floor-length gown. The sleeves are long and bat-like, and the bottom edges of my academic gown actually run across the floor as I have never been bothered enough to get them adjusted correctly. But they serve their purpose. 
I walk out of my Set and take a wander through the college court yards to the Fellows’ common room. A couple of tourists pause to take a photo of me, and I twist my face into a suitable grimace.  The common room is a small dark oak-panelled room in the corner of the main court yard, right next to the dining hall, allowing Fellows to conveniently retire away from the student masses after dinner. I never go except on feast days, when it is obligatory to turn up.
As usual, the common room is empty, but the bar itself is not: several bottles are sitting there waiting for me. 
It is now that I can make good use of the ridiculous design of my robes. The bat-like sleeves can be opened, made into long pockets, and discreetly stuffed with bottles, and I quickly shove two bottles of port into each side of the robe. 
The trick now is to walk back to my Set slowly and deliberately, avoiding any large clonking noises. This skill is something I have practised to perfection since obtaining my first BA robe. I even manage a solemn nod at the Porter as I pass the porter's lodge, and ensure to have a suitable snarl on my face for the same camera-toting tourists.
Once safely back at my Set, I lock the door, pull the curtains and settle back in bed with the four bottles. The rest, as they say, is history. 

***

My private reverie is interrupted by a loud banging noise. I open my eyes slightly to try and judge where the sound is from, but somehow everything is a little difficult to locate, as the shape of the room is changing too rapidly. The ceiling is sliding towards the floor, and I decide to focus on a spot somewhere in the direction of the door to prevent myself from feeling any more nausea. 
The banging continues relentlessly, and then a familiar voice shouts at my name. It is Lucien.
“Lone, we need to talk about where you found those names. I have located some background information; we have to talk.” Just to ensure he has my interest, he adds: “Man, are you gonna be interested in this”. The excitement in his voice is infectious, and he knows it. 
- “Come in, then” I proclaim, and then remember the circumstances. I attempt to manoeuvre my feet off the bed and hit two empty bottles of port: it looks like only two were necessary for the required soothing effect. It's then I see the bright purple colouration on the floor by the sink: I must have partially missed the sink when puking up the port (which I don’t even remember doing). Damn. But Lucien has seen me like this before, and I am too curious to hear about the names.
I stagger up, discover that I am naked, and somehow manage to wrap my Fellows gown around me. I crawl ungracefully towards the door across the oak wood floor, at one point clinging to the floor, as it appears to rear up against me. After an age of crawling, I make it to the door, and after a few attempts am able to force myself up, and open the door.
“Lone!” He is clearly shocked at my appearance. “Jesus Christ, look at yourself girl, what have you been drinking this time?”
I smile regally, lose my balance, and stumble forward into his arms. 
Lucien lifts me up as though I weigh nothing at all, and carts me back to bed. 
- “We must stop meeting like this Lucien” I mumble, while he scolds me and fetches a wet flannel to wipe the remainder of the port-tinged vomit from my face. 
“We've had this discussion before Lone: you and I both know that you have a problem that needs facing up to. You can't continue dealing with life by searching for peace at the bottom of a bottle.”
I try desperately to think of a cunning riposte, however the room is spinning too much and I start retching. Lucien commandeers my wastepaper bin in time and pats my shoulder while I vomit out my stomach contents. Then he props me up in bed with some pillows, and surveys the port wine-streaked vomit stains covering some parts of the floor and the sink. 
- “Tell me the news on the names” I persist, as if it were perfectly normal circumstances that he had found me in. 
He continues to take in the scene, and scratches the back of his head. 
“You're in no state to hear it Lone, really”, he says, picking up the two full bottles of port and placing them in his satchel. He draws up a chair by the bed and settles down quietly. 
“I'm going to stay here until I'm sure that you are okay, Lone” he says. 
The primeval side of my brain considers this proposition. “Only if you tell me the news on the names”, I answer.
He considers this: “You promise me Lone?”. I lean my head sideways, slowly to ensure that it does not knock against the ever-looming ceiling. 
“Of course” I announce grandly “but first you must help me pee”. Lucien sighs, then lifts me to escort me, staggering, to the toilet just outside my Set door.
Sitting on the toilet, I can wait no longer. “Tell me now!” I insist, grabbing his arm while he waits for me to complete my oblations. 
“If you insist Lone, but remember that we agreed I would stay until you are sober”, he reminds me. I nod sullenly. 
He takes out a print copy of the names and points through each name in turn:
“Murdered, murdered, murdered… and…murdered. All 42 people on this list were murdered. That's what my investigations have shown, so I don't think it's likely that they've been selected for clinical trials. Something fishy is going on Lone, and no mistake.”
A quiet fear grips me as I hear this - despite the dulling of my senses caused by the port - and I ask myself how my father came into possession of this deadly list. 
“But let's get you into bed first….” continues Lucien, helping me back into the Set. 
He cradles my shoulders, trying to encourage me up to the bed, but I clutch hold of him. I think of my Far’s death, Mike’s death, and now the 42 other names. All dead. I think of Jones’ obsessive interest in preventing me from investigating any further. And I think of my conversation today with the preacher, who told me my Far had feared for his life, and mine.
- “Lie with me in bed, Lucien”, I whisper, “there have been too many murders for me to want to sleep alone tonight”. He nods gently, trying unsuccessfully to hide his eagerness, and we lie down together on my tiny Fellow’s bed. 
His arms are like tree trunks, and I feel safe: not even the spinning ceiling can touch me for a while.


***


Chapter 17


The next morning I wake to find that Lucien has not only miraculously cleaned away the beetroot-coloured vomit stains from the walls, but has also bought some muffins and orange juice for breakfast from the local supermarket while I was sleeping, and laid the table in my living room.  
He notices that my eyes are open and comes to kiss me on the forehead, cautiously. I accept this regally, as well as the proffered Panodils in his left hand. I am lucky in that my hangovers tend to be fairly mild. I think that this is because my body has adapted to my alcohol intake, or maybe it is because there has often been someone around to rescue me, like Lucien does.
We sit down to breakfast together, smiling at each other.  He is never happier than when he is saving somebody; he is a fixer. As for me, I am there to be saved. All in all, we are the perfect co-dependent couple.
We have an unspoken agreement not to discuss last night. Instead, Lucien explains to me how he found the 42 names:
“It was pretty simple really Lone, I ran a general database search taking into account all the varying sources that we have. Luckily for me, I decided not to discount any of the historical databases, because that's where I found them.”
My interest is piqued. “so you're saying Lucien, that these people lived a long time ago?” I ask.
“- In a way, yes” he answers cryptically:- “I found the names in the online Danish national archives; all these people were killed on the same day in 1945. Weirder still, according to the database, they were all killed at the same address in Copenhagen. Go figure.”
He sits back in his chair, contemplating the orange juice packet gravely.
“How did they die?” I ask.
-“Well, it's kind of unlikely that they all died of natural causes on the same day, in the same house, during a Nazi occupation” he answers. “But other than that, I found no more information than I've already told you”.
He shifts in his chair, leans towards me. 
- “You know, Lone, I have a feeling that you’ve not been entirely straight with me. It’s clear that you didn’t get hold of this list of names from any clinical trial plans, which is only to be expected as this would normally be highly confidential information…” He raises an eyebrow “…I do know something about scientific procedure” he comments dryly. He makes to reach for my hand, but leaves his fingers a few millimetres from mine. 
I don’t know whether it is the residual alcohol in my systems, or just the fact that I am so exhausted at carrying the burdens of my suspicions for such a long time all on my own. But I move my fingers the few millimetres required, and we sit for a while holding hands, then I lean against him while he cradles my head in his hands. He pretends not to notice that I am holding back tears. 
-“Lone…” he whispers, “Let me help you, for god’s sake; you have to tell me what is going on, tell me what’s happening.”
And I do. Something inside me breaks, and I tell him everything. 
I tell him about my initial suspicions about Far’s death, the discussions with Mike, Mike’s sudden death, the creationist church, and my discussions with the priest. 
And finally about the phoney Detective Jones and his attempts to prevent me digging around. And how I eventually got the list of names. I tell him Everything.
Lucien listens quietly, squeezing my hand and occasionally asking questions to ensure that he has understood correctly. 
What amazes me is that he accepts the information without prejudice, and he believes me without any reservations. A touching level of trust which I am not sure I would give him in this situation. Some people appear programmed to be able to handle even the most unlikely information momentarily, without blinking an eye and while coolly continuing to sip their tea, carry on with life. I am not one of those people. I can deal with serious derailments in my life, but this process of coping has to be coupled with anger, disbelief, and question after question. I have to know everything.  
But I guess that Lucien’s world differs from mine. He spends his days reading about world war two resistance movements, so bravery, betrayal, death threats and violence are part of his everyday existence and to be accepted as a part of life in general. In any case, he doesn’t bat an eyelid.
After I am done, he sits for a while, staring into space, moving his lips slowly as he assimilates the new information. I can hear the logic circuits in his historian’s brain working fast.
- “Lone, if occurs to me that if there really is a connection, as you believe, then there’s one obvious possible factor in both your Dad’s and Mike’s deaths: Detective Inspector Jones, who is obviously not who he makes out to be. It could be a private investigator hired by the university to shut you up, as you suggest…or it could be something more sinister”. He looks thoughtful. “Perhaps we should leave Cambridge for a few days, as your life could potentially be in danger if you continue to dig around too much here.”
We; He said We! I feel myself collapsing inside myself; the ecstasy of no longer being alone on these investigations. Someone who believes me.
He continues slowly “In fact Lone, if you’re sure that you want to investigate this further, you could probably find out more information on these people in the paper archives of the Copenhagen records Centre. Which means a trip to Copenhagen of course…”
I groan. He knows how much I hate travelling in aeroplanes.
“…But only if you are a historian, or a history student, of course”, he says, a little too casually. “It’s not a public facility.” He smiles pleasantly at me, and I know that I am beaten. It’s time to re-live my fear of flying, again.
After some discussion on the logistics of this idea, I pick up the phone and dial Soeren’s number: it looks like an all-expenses-paid weekend trip to Copenhagen with my ex-boyfriend is becoming more and more inevitable.


***


Chapter 18


I have severe problems trusting, and being dependent on, other people. This is why I hate flying so much: the feeling of helplessness, the little voice at the back of my mind wondering whether the mechanic really did his job properly, and have the pilots been drinking…? 
I spend the whole plane journey staring out of the window, to reassure myself that the plane’s engines are still working, and keeping a firm eye on the distance between myself and the ground.  
Lucien has also been solemnly watching Denmark come into view from his seat next to mine, but after the plane bumps down on to the runway he loses interest in the surroundings and turns back to me, grasping my hand and smiling. Ever cheerful. He has (wisely, perhaps) pretended not to notice the whiteness of my knuckles gripping the handle of the seat in front for most of the journey.
- “Home sweet home. It must be wonderful to be back at your birthplace, Lone”.
The homing instinct is strange phenomenon, of which zoologists are only starting to scratch the surface. Marbled Newts navigate home using the stars, limpets recognise the topography of their surroundings, loggerhead turtles can use magnetic orientation. Aside from their navigation skills, humans can also sometimes instinctively have a vague feeling of belonging when they return to particular places. 
There are various theories for the main homing mechanisms for pigeons, of course, as so much money is invested in the sport. One mechanism postulated to be used is that pigeons can recognise home by smell, creating “odour” maps of their neighbourhoods and using this to orient themselves. I remember reading about the experiment wherein this was proved: a zoologist cut the nerves carrying olfactory signals to the brain in young homing pigeons. The pigeons flew aimlessly around, disoriented. One field was just as good as the other, as far as they were concerned. I have much the same feeling for Denmark: my homing instinct for this place was severed long ago. 
Yes, the plane has touched down in Kastrup airport, and I am in Denmark again, after a long absence. But there is no invisible thread pulling me here, pulling me towards my childhood home. 
My Far always spoke of being close to the call of the sea whenever he mentioned our little home on Islands Brygge, the old industrial area close to the waterfront. I think he had selective amnesia: in those days, Islands Brygge was a crappy, polluted industrial area filled with factories and council housing. Nowadays, however, there has been a clean-up and it has been ear-marked by developers for middle-class housing and penthouses. So even that invisible thread has been severed.
I explain to Lucien that we left Denmark when I was five years old, as my Far had been offered his Fellowship from Cambridge and my mother was too ill to work by then. We only returned for the occasional holiday. I decide not to mention the other reason for not returning more often: that there were too many memories in Copenhagen, too much raw emotion for my father to deal with.
- “But surely you have some sense of being Danish?” Lucien asks, surprised. “Your roots define most of who you are as a person.”
I deny this idea forcefully to Lucien: in my view everyone has a permanent opportunity of re-inventing themselves away from their roots. 
He nods thoughtfully, although I know him well enough to be able to read in his raised eyebrow that he entirely disagrees. 
He changes the subject quickly:  
- “Soeren was certainly keen to see you, Lone”. 
“What you mean by that?”, I reply, irritated.
- “Well Lone, how much do think it cost to get us first-class tickets to Copenhagen, flying out in the same evening as you rang him up?”
I laugh hollowly: “Don't forget that biotech is big money in Denmark, and he can probably get some kind of tax rebate on the tickets, as he can claim its business”.
The tax system is a national sport in Denmark. But then, with a top tax level of 60 %, there is quite a lot to be gained by playing the game along with the rest of the country. Many a newspaper column inch has been taken up by questions of personal tax, given the complexity: State Taxes, Municipal Taxes, Labour Market Contributions, Church Taxes, Property Taxes, Property Value Taxes (because Property Tax alone is not enough), various forms of VAT, Green Taxes, Registration Taxes, not to mention the hundreds of tax rebates. 
Lucien shrugs. “Don't tell me that he gives every single business contact of his a personal invitation to his own private Christianshavn apartment for a drink the minute they arrive in Denmark?”
Now I understand: Lucien is jealous that I will be making a social call tonight while he is stuck in the hotel. Or at least, it is supposedly a social call, but I suspect we will also get into talking about gene therapy. And I will be trying to politely resist being headhunted.
I frown: “Grow up Lucien! It's up to him if he wants to try and headhunt me: I'm not interested anyway, and in any case, sipping wine with some doddery old scientist is a small price to pay for free return tickets to Copenhagen, you know that!”. 
He scowls, and reverts to staring out of the window, sulking. 
- “Don’t forget the real reason that we came here, Lone”.
This is not useful; I try to pacify him: “You never really told me much about your study trip to Copenhagen earlier this year. How did it go?”
He pretends not to be interested in telling his story, making mumbling noises, waving his hand at me as if to shoo me away. 
I persist in asking him about it as we file out of the plane into the airport lounge, but he is sulking. 
- “For God’s sake Lucien, it’s not like I’m going to shag him”.
But jealousy is a ridiculous emotion: we walk in uncomfortable silence through the security gates, and through the long corridors to the outside taxi rank.


***


Chapter 19


Once we reach the hotel, a high-rise (“luxury”) concrete monstrosity on Amager, I leave Lucien struggling with our luggage and head out in the taxi again to Soeren’s flat. 
A short drive later, and I am outside Soeren’s apartment in the harbour area of Christianshavn. It’s the one place that doesn’t appear to have changed from when I lived in Denmark. In fact, much of it has been frozen in time for hundreds of years: one can still see the old mooring rings dug into the wall of the Christianshavn harbour, and the trade doorways cut into the old harbour-side warehouses (now converted into highly desirable apartments).  It’s no co-incidence that these cobbled streets feature in so many Danish historical films – even the street lamps are vintage, converted from the original gas lamps. 
There is a small floating platform made into a so-called water café close to Soeren’s house, which I can remember particularly strongly. Memories flood back to me of sitting there as a four-year old child, listening to Tango music being blasted out on from loudspeakers positioned at each end of the floating platform. Eating ice cream and watching my parents dancing together on the platform, close to the water front. Bliss: innocent times indeed. 
It occurs to me that even at that time, my Mother must have had the Cancer within her. If only we had known, then my Far’s and my lives could have had an entirely different symmetry. 
Soeren’s electronic doorbell seems a strange contrast to the archaic front door: faded brown paint across dilapidated wooden beams dating perhaps to three- or four-hundred years ago.
I press the button gingerly, and can soon hear the sound of footsteps approaching. I take one step back.
- “Lone, my dear!”; there is no doubt that Soeren is delighted to see me. His smile lights up the deep creases in his face and he opens his arms wide. He welcomes me through the ancient door to a small cobbled courtyard filled with flowering ceramic pots and exclusive (and suspiciously un-used) garden furniture. 
“Very nice”, I mutter, and he nods appreciatively as he leads me up the winding staircase on the other side of the courtyard.
- “It's not unlike some of the Cambridge university courtyards, is it?” he comments. I smile slightly, ill at ease:  I am acutely aware of the need for best behaviour here. 
We enter Soeren’s apartment, and I am struck by the amount of Danish design everywhere: nothing here is worth less than 50,000 Danish kroner, and that's just the B&O phone. I have never seen so much Arne Jakobsen furniture in one place, and sit down gingerly in the huge “Egg” chair that Soeren gestures at. 
-“Sit down, sit down my dear!” he cries, fussing with the cushions on the sofa, and then rushing to the wine rack to select a fairly ancient looking bottle.  
There is a huge selection of what my father would have called “fancy food” on the coffee table: vol-au-vents, caviar, canapés, petit-fours. Soeren offers me a plate.
-“Do get stuck in, dear”, he suggests, “I am sorry that I can only serve cold food, but it's my chef’s half day off today, so I'm afraid that we must fend for ourselves”. He chuckles, and I smile awkwardly.
I take a few token canapés, noting to my horror that the plate is vintage Flora Danica and belonging in a museum rather than in my hand. He proffers a crystal glass full of red wine, which I start to sip politely, feeling entirely out of place. It's a good full-bodied red, and I have soon drained my glass, nervous. I place the glass out of reach, so I am not tempted to make an exhibition of myself. Not here, not now. Later maybe, when I am alone.
He leans back in another Arne Jakobsen creation: a black leather-covered Swan chair, his arms dangling casually over the high curved sides of the chair. 
I scan the enormous living room again: it occurs to me that visiting Soeren is like going into a Danish design shop: every piece of landmark Danish design is present and correct, but the whole effect becomes quite sterile. There is nothing personal in the room at all, not even a photo: Soeren does not give much away about himself. 
We go over the usual topics: the flight, the weather, how nice it is for me to be back in the country of my birthplace.
I’m not sure how much more of this I can take. 
I take my laptop out in desperation: “I have a powerpoint presentation of my work, in case you are interested in hearing about the specific gene vectors I am working with”.
Soeren chuckles gently, taking down two white ring binders from the book case close to him. 
- “I’ve been an avid collector of your articles over the years, Lone”, he says, flicking through the heaviest of the two folders and showing me the contents. I recognise them at once of course – each one of these pages represents blood, sweat and tears: my babies, my life’s work written up in dry scientific articles in dry scientific journals. 
And someone has cared enough about them to collect every single one.
I see that he’s even bothered to look through my first ever article at the tender age of sixteen, joint-authored with my father after our studies of the Great Whites.
-“You see, I have a pretty good knowledge of your work already, my dear". He places the first file back on the shelf, point made. 
I am speechless. If only my students had had even one tenth of Soeren’s level of interest in my work, I am thinking. 
If only my Far had had even one tenth of Soeren’s level of interest in my work. 
Soeren leans over towards me and opens the other white ring binder. 
- “So I know a fair bit about where you’ve been and what you’ve done so far as a young, gifted researcher. What I am even more interested in, of course, is where you are going and what you want in the future.” He looks at me earnestly, pointing at the first page of the ring binder. 
-“See here, this is a small presentation of my biotech company. I wanted to tell you about it, so you could have an idea of what we do, and why you would fit in so well”. 
He flicks through the glossy pages of his company booklet, explaining about the various project sites in Denmark, the scientific facilities, the business development sites, the marketing sites. 
I listen politely with half an ear.
-“And of course”, he continues, “in the current age of uncertainty with the biotech business, it’s important to have some kind of cash-cow. Ours is pure and simple a real golden goose.”
It turns out that Soeren’s main profits are currently drawn from the characterisation of client’s genomes, both in terms of their genetic past and their genetic destiny. A kind of scientifically-based sooth-saying.
Soeren has apparently made good use of popular science programs and magazines to advertise his products for genome analysis, and this has the added benefit of giving the impression that his methods are validated by other scientific authorities. It’s also quite a compact business model in terms of client contact: all that’s required on the client’s side is a swab of cheek cells, collected by rubbing a cotton bud inside the mouth, which is then sent off in an envelope to the company’s scientific headquarters.
He shows me pamphlets describing the main services that they offer, imaginatively entitled “Executive genetic destiny”,  “Platinum genetic destiny”, “Maternal lineage tracer (EVE package)”, “Paternal lineage package (ADAM package)”. The last two are illustrated by biblical figures covered in fig leaves at appropriate places; the first two genetic destiny packages are helpfully illustrated with pictures of a stereotyped Death figure – a scythe-wielding, black-cloaked skeletal figure. Nice.
I continue to listen politely; I am beginning to understand the ADAM and EVE concepts at least. 
I interrupt the flow of information: “So, basically, you are able to track the likely geographical placement of people’s maternal ancestors, by looking at single nucleotide polymorphisms in their mitochondrial DNA. And the same for the paternal line, but this time using single nucleotide polymorphisms in the Y chromosome – the chromosome for male sex determination. It’s all based on the idea that you have developed a large database of individuals’ polynucleotide profiles, which maps out which areas of the world are most likely to be associated with different DNA patterns. This database is then used to develop models for likely geographical spreads of the subject’s test sample...You offer people a chance to really understand where in the world their paternal and maternal ancestor originate from” 
I contemplate the concept for a second, feeling as though I should say something more complimentary. I continue carefully: “It’s not a new idea in itself, but I’m guessing that your database is probably much better than your competitors, given the sample sizes and analysis levels that you’re talking about.”
He is animated now, excited.
- “Yes absolutely, you have it exactly right! I knew you would get the concept immediately! You see, my dear, people are fascinated by what we are offering! Even the most ordinary man from off the street is beginning to understand the essential truth that genes are what makes people into individuals: where they come from, where they are going, what they will achieve in life – in sum, the key to unlocking their true potential is hidden in the genes themselves!”
I smile slightly at this daring simplification. This must be his sales pitch, rather than what he seriously believes in. 
“But Soeren, surely you are not denying the influence of the environment on the development of individuals? The influence of family? The influence of society? To name just a few factors. Not to mention the fact that our understanding of the interactions between the various genetic segments and their multi-level regulation is incredibly limited.”
He continues, unperturbed. 
-“Well, anyway, people are always going to be fascinated by their heritage, and what better way to search for answers about yourself than to look in your genetic make-up? Genes never lie, you see.”
But that’s the rub. Genes may never lie, but we only understand an infinitesimally small fraction of the truths they utter. We can understand single patterns, simple regulatory systems, some more complex systems. But understanding how each genetic segment interacts in the gigantic tapestry that is human life: no-one has the whole picture as yet. Not one of us truly understands the entirety of what makes us human. What regulates our emotions, our choices, our personalities? We have some tantalising glimpses – perhaps enough even to make some feel like gods – but we are on a long winding road towards enlightenment. 
I decide not to disagree with my host. Even I know that that would probably be considered rude, and certainly not helpful to my career.
-“Anyway”, he continues again, as if all of these didn’t really matter anyhow, “this isn’t the main business. Of course, it’s profitable, but I’m smart enough to plough most of the profits from our genetic analysis tests back into funding our pipeline.”
He leans towards me even more, our elbows are nearly touching. I shrink back slightly in my designer chair.  
-“You see, what I’m most interested in is gene therapy. I can see a way of changing the world here, and we must grasp it, before it is too late.”
He claps his hands, excitedly. -“But I am side-tracking - we can discuss all of this later, at your job interview tomorrow! Let us eat, drink and be merry tonight…! Let us say a toast to your father!”
He places his hand over his mouth, realising what he has just said: the forbidden topic has been touched upon. A chill settles between us, and I try to smile. He leans forward. Touches my arm protectively for an instant. I resist the urge to pull away but reach stiffly for my wine glass instead: my comforter. Sip it defensively while he continues to speak, more quietly and subdued this time:-
-“I’m sorry Lone. I really am. Hendrik was a better than average scientist, it’s a loss.”
It’s a strange, matter-of-fact turn of phrase: “better than average scientist”. But there is something in his stiff manner when talking about my Far that makes me curious.
 “How well did you know my father?” I ask, sipping the wine more strongly now, like I almost don’t want to remember the answers he will give.
He looks strangely relieved when I ask him this, as if he has wanted to broach the subject somehow. Clasps his hands together again, touches them to his chin while contemplating his answer.
-“Your father and I were very close after he started working on his studies at Copenhagen University. You probably know that by that time, your father was already a bit of a prodigy - an acknowledged expert in several species, including my special favourite: Drosophila melanogaster.”
Oh yes indeed – the fruit flies. Favoured model organism of biologists for decades now. Short generational time, easily cultured, easy to obtain mutants, not too many chromosomes either. I smell that sickly scent of the fly labs in my mind again. 
I nod slightly, and he continues:-
-“We worked together on some fly population datasets – he helped with the fly cultivating and also with the highly complex statistical analyses that were necessary for the number of crosses and generations that we used in the experiment…”. He has a far-off look in his eyes, and I imagine him as a young man in what is now the old building of the Copenhagen University biology department – high lab benches and chairs, little oak cabinets over the benches, the original blackboards in the corner, the fly cupboards buzzing quietly in the corner. The heat that hits you when you wander into the fly cupboard. It was probably exactly the same when he was there. 
-“….yes, he really could analyse data-sets, could your father” he muses, almost to himself. “…Everyone wanted a piece of him, wanted him on their team to crunch the numbers, find the patterns that no-one else could spot in a ream of seemingly meaningless data.” He looks straight at me, holds eye contact for a little too long: -“That’s what we lack in the current generation of scientists: those who can see the patterns. It’s pretty easy to make a protein gel or microarray chip, generate thousands of data points in a few weeks. But what does it all mean? We’re swimming in data for god’s sake, but there are only a handful of people who are able to see the patterns, make the quantum leaps to understand the underlying truths”. 
He enunciates the word “truth” as though it is some kind of new spiritual level: a higher type of Nirvana. It’s obviously not enough for him to bask in the honour of publishing in a high-impact level scientific journal: this guy lives and breathes his work. I begin to understand why he and my Far got along. 
I am about to ask him about the fruit fly work, but he interrupts my thoughts:
-“Yes, indeed, your father and I shared everything in those years at Copenhagen University  – sparred with each other on our projects long after we went in different scientific directions, your father towards whole organisms, myself to the cellular and genetic level”. A wistful look: “and then our relationship changed after you came along, of course.”
Maybe I can even sense resentment in the air? I smile again, awkwardly. 
“I’m sorry that I came between you. I am sure that it was difficult for my father too.” 
A polite lie – in my heart of hearts, I can’t be certain that my father hadn’t tossed his friend away without a second thought. He was like that  - certain scientists were held close until the relevant project was finished. Then he would conveniently not return calls and invitations. 
Or perhaps I am just reading into his behaviour what I do myself with my own research associates?  
-“No no – no, my skat! I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings!” He leans towards me again, apologetic. I feel a small amount of distaste at being addressed so familiarly as someone’s skat – this was the pet-name reserved by my father for his snow-queen, his Sne-dronning. However, it also occurs that Soeren may have called me this when I was very small, when he still had contact to my Far. Perhaps that’s why he so obviously feels he has an emotional connection to me.
I attempt to change the subject, uncomfortable with the intimate tone the conversation is taking and Soeren’s physical proximity:
“Tell me more about the gene therapy projects which you have going at your company – it sounds fascinating”. I try to inject an excited note into my question, but it comes out a bit flat. 
He won’t take the bait, waving his hands and screwing up his face impatiently: “Yes – yes Lone, we’ll discuss this in detail tomorrow...”
A silence as he tries to formulate the next sentence, grimacing. 
-“…It pleases me immensely that you’re interested in my company, but I have something to tell you about your father, it’s important. A secret he entrusted with no-one else living but me”. 
Something to tell you about your father. And it’s important. The words fill me at once with fear but also with dread. Another of my Far’s secrets. Perhaps the secret I have come all the way to Copenhagen to solve.
I prepare myself: pour myself another glass of wine, then lean back in my chair, cradling the wine glass defensively in my hands. On second thoughts, I take a large gulp before declaring in a voice that sounds much more carefree than I feel inside:
- “You can tell me anything, I love him with all my heart, so it doesn't matter.”
I surprise myself. But now, just for this moment in time, I know that this statement is absolutely, positively, true. Maybe it’s also been true for more than a little while now too.
Soeren looks pained: I sense a hesitation. Then he smiles a wider smile again, but I see that it is much wider on the right side of his face – as opposed to real smiles, which are wider on the left side. And his eyes are dull and subdued. Something has changed, I sense that his resolve has weakened. 
A silence while I wait for him to tell me the secret, clutching the wine glass now so that my fingers leave greasy marks. 
He laughs awkwardly, smiles even wider on his right-hand side. 
“Yes indeed, Lone, that’s the secret – he loved you with all his heart! He may not always have shown it, but that was his deepest, darkest secret!” 
He cackles a strange, unreal laughter; I realise that I have been holding my breath before hearing his answer.
- “Is that really it – the secret you wanted to tell me?” I press him, desperately disbelieving. But he just continues to cackle loudly, and I realise that my chance has passed. 
And I also realise that his audiences are over for today; I can’t wait to make my excuses and get out of this soul-less designer hell-hole. I swallow down the small amount of wine left in my glass and curse myself for not pouring more into it. 

***

I decide to walk back to the hotel, despite Soeren’s desperate pleas to offer me a ride home. But I want some time to clear my head, both from the effects of the journey itself and the strange conversation with Soeren.
I wander for a while, trying to empty my head of thoughts, but the opposite happens of course. I have a vague feeling that I have wandered around these areas as a child, through the rows of generic bricked apartment buildings, down to the harbour. Down to the sea, the boats. I settle on a bench at the harbour-side by the Langebro bridge for a while, looking out over the water at the city landscape, the converted warehouses and new hotels being built, crowding the waters edge. I attempt to study the differences from the last time I was here, but eventually give up: I was too young at that time to have any proper memories. 
I watch the sea lapping the sides of the harbour. The water is grey and uninviting: just as I remember cold, dark Scandinavian harbour water being when I was a child. I remember my father taking me to the harbour baths and trying – in vain – to persuade me to come into the water while my English mother fretted over the temperature and the possibility of the presence of bacteria – was it safe? Not understanding the conversation, I had assumed that bacteria were frightening sea monsters, which should be avoided at all costs, and definitely not worth risking a dip in the sea for. I can feel a smile rising inside me: it would appear that some memories still persist of those innocent times.
Memories are dangerous things, of course…I consider my conversation with Soeren, and try to work out what it was really about. It seems like the whole point of the “initial social meeting” before the job interview had been to share some personal secret of my father’s, which Soeren has faithfully kept from a time before I was even born. But somehow, inexplicably, he seemed to bottle out at the last moment. 
Soeren’s comments rankle: what is he hiding of my Far’s past? I wonder whether it is the key to his alcohol dependence, whether my father was a different person as a young student in those early days at Copenhagen University.  
I wander slowly back to our hotel, lost in thought. 
Most of all, I wonder whether my father could have been saved.


***


Chapter 20


Speaking to the hotel receptionist, I find out that unfortunately, Soeren has booked a double room rather than two singles. Which is understandable enough, in retrospect.
I'm a big girl, I can do this, I tell myself.  I take the lift up to our bedroom on the eighth floor and open the door.  Oh God.  
I see that Soeren has thoughtfully booked the honeymoon suite for us.  It occurs to me that he is determined for us to have a romantic weekend in Denmark: rose petals on the bed sheets, satin bed covers, complimentary Belgian chocolates, jacuzzi, gold-plated taps, and a roomy chaise longue for cuddling up to each other on during smoochy moments.
And a resident walrus: Lucien is lying flat out on top of the king-size bed covers, snoring and stark naked except for a greying pair of Y-Fronts. His bare stomach hangs over the top of the pants, and his nosehair vibrates gently as he snores.  The overall effect is a far cry from the feeling that most girls get on seeing their man in a luxury honeymoon suite.  Still, there's no need to let it go to waste: I pick at the chocolates as I get ready for bed, and settle down for a quiet night on the chaise longue.

***

The next morning we head out past the old city ramparts, over the harbour waters via the connecting bridge Langebro, into the heart of Copenhagen.  
From our vantage point on Langebro, the National library is an impressive sight, looming over the harbour canals. The rhombus shaped building is clad in polarised glass: black from the outside, but transparent and bathed in light inside the building. Nicknamed the Black Diamond, it lives up to its name well: sunlight reflected from the waterfront sparkles on the walls of the library.
Inside the building, Lucien shows his researcher’s card to the reception, and gestures vaguely to me: “she's my translator”. The receptionist gives us each a pair of latex gloves, then waves us through to the archives section without a second look. 
In the archive reception area, Lucien presents a list of the files that we plan to review and we are waved into another section of the library, this time, down a flight of steps into the cellar of the building. We wander past various control panels on the walls and Lucien points to them.
“You see Lone, the Danish national records are considered so precious that they are kept in underground chambers maintained at precise temperature and pressure”, he whispers.
-“Why are you whispering?” I whisper to him.  
“This is an historic moment for me. It seemed appropriate somehow” he whispers back. I shrug: it must be a historian thing. Some people have the same relationship to organised religion as Lucien has to historical archives and original historical sources.
Eventually, we come to the underground chamber containing records relating to 1945, and Lucien presses a small green button by the side of the control panel. We soon hear footsteps coming from the end of the corridor.
The librarian who greets us is dressed in some kind of Geek Chic: tall black biker boots, leather jacket and skirt, coupled with a thick black woollen jumper. I wonder how she can wear so much on such a warm summer's day. She is definitely Lucien's type at any rate: tall, slim, blonde, almost white hair. I should know. 
The librarian smiles at us pleasantly, takes one look at Lucien's faded tweed jacket and starts a conversation in English.
“Welcome to the new Danish archive Centre.  My name is Birgit and I'm here to help.”
Lucien blushes and mumbles something incomprehensible, staring at his shoes. I was right about her being his type then. But I am a little surprised about the pang of jealousy I am feeling.
I hand Birgit the photocopy of the lab book page. 
“These 42 people died in 1945, and we would like to know as much as possible about the circumstances of their death” I say, flatly.
Birgit holds the photocopy between her fingers for a few seconds (black nail varnish on short nails, I notice: the librarians’ equivalent of a tattoo), puzzling over something.
I notice that she has the most beautiful dimples and rosy cheeks.
Lucien interrupts Birgit’s thoughts, his professional pride is taking over. “I'm a historian you know, so I can find the information myself”. 
She nods, still looking vaguely puzzled. “sure, that's fine, the records are all categorised in English anyway”. 
She looks suspiciously at me. 
- “is she also trained in historical research?” she asks doubtfully, eyeing the acid stains on my jeans. 
“don't worry” replies Lucien smoothly, “this is my assistant, and she is fully trained in the area of treating historical material with the respect it deserves. Unlike many other amateurs”. The two academics share pained expressions for a moment, contemplating the horror of the general public being let loose on precious historical material. Then Birgit nods, more firmly this time. I smile to her, a wide, honeyed smile. I feel I should explain:- “We’re not together, it’s just a purely professional relationship.” 
Lucien scowls at my comment, and Birgit looks surprised, then we stare into each others’ eyes for a few seconds. And I wonder whether to say anything more. But the moment is lost shortly after, as she looks away and turns to the control panel on the wall. 
“Just ring the buzzer for assistance at any time”. Birgit presses a combination of buttons on the control panel and turns what looks like an old-fashioned car steering wheel to the left, sliding aside the door and opening the sealed chamber. 
Lucien stalks into the archive in a huff, but stops walking after glimpsing the inside of the chamber. I enter after him: the cold hits me, and now I understand why Birgit is wearing a thick black jumper: it's like walking into a giant refrigerator. I am reminded of the cold rooms in the cellar under my lab, where I keep my cell lines and various vials of genetic material. But it's nothing like the scale of this archive room: a two storeys deep cellar the length of a church. And here the documents are indeed treated with the same reverence as religious artefacts, so people can come here for posterity to pray at the alter of knowledge. A freezing cold expanse, spotted with thermostats.  The metallic shelves are stuffed with books, catalogues, card systems, folders, and envelopes, from floor-to-ceiling.  The floor itself is metal meshing, giving the unnerving feeling of being able to look directly into the archive chamber below. 
Lucien is ecstatic, his huff quickly forgotten. “Now that's a proper way to archive” he says reverently. He settles down at the computer terminal by the door and starts searching through the room’s catalogue, noting down the location of the relevant sources.  Every so often he gives a delighted cry and rushes off to find the relevant folder, which is passed on to me to skim through while he continues searching. 

***

I settle down in a small metal chair by a desk positioned in the opposite corner of the archive chamber, surrounded by death records. It’s slow going: the only facts I have found after two hours of intense reading are things we know already: date of death, and the address of the 42 deaths.  Nothing else: the record is silent on how or why the deaths happened, and the signatures in the death certificates are illegible.  Curiously, even the cause of death is missing from the certificates.  Someone obviously  didn’t want the truth to get out. Lucien continues to plough through the computer records determinedly and I sit impatiently, waiting for the next file. 
I am hopeless at waiting. That is probably the reason why I chose to work with high-throughput biology: none of this old-fashioned crap of wasting days (possibly weeks) for your flies to breed, I have oceans of data from sequencing projects. The trick is to find the patterns in this immense collection of seemingly random letters. Because once you’ve found these patterns, you’re identifying the molecular keys to life. 
Needless to say, I’m pedantic enough to be top of my field, or at least the tiny niche I work in. It appears that the principle of success in molecular biology – perhaps in many types of research – is to specialize more and more in less and less.

***

My thoughts are interrupted by a metallic scratching noise: one of the chamber doors is starting to open a few metres away from me. I hastily put on the rubber gloves and turn around to see Birgit returning. She comes to sit on my desk between the piles of death certificates, smiling at me.  I smile back, hoping that she doesn't notice the finger marks on the folders: my years of daily use of rubber gloves in my lab have given me a latex allergy. I can already start to feel an itching sensation after the hasty application of the gloves.
She is immaculately styled, I notice on close inspection: not a hair out of place.  There is a type of feline beauty about her. I decide she can't be more than 25 years old: I imagine that this is how I could have looked at that age, if I had taken more care of my appearance and focused less on the cell lines in my cold room. 
And maybe actually had the money for a stylist and a good hairdresser, I add as an afterthought. Academics must earn more in Scandinavian countries.
The librarian leans over to me and whispers coyly: “You’re a 1, you know”. 
Thinking of the fingerprints on the files, I smile back. “Well…er…thanks, I guess”
She continues as though I hadn't spoken: “I spend my days rating the way people look, not fashion wise, I mean, but how naturally beautiful they are. You know what I mean?” she smiles at me again, as though this were the most natural thing in the world, and continues again.
- “You’ve got great bone structure, I wouldn't think you were day over 30.  And those beautiful green eyes...” her hand brushes my shoulder gently and it occurs to me that this young student has not really learnt the meaning of subtlety yet.  Still, on one level, the hint of a possibility of a sympathy shag with her could get me more help in locating my Far’s secrets. So I keep my options open. 
“How did you know...?” I whisper, coquettishly, ever manipulative. She giggles, delighted. 
- “I just know with some people, the minute I walked through the door I knew. That you were, I mean”. I lean back, out of sight from Lucien, and touch her hand lightly with my fingertips. It has the desired effect: I can hear her breathing more deeply, savouring the moment. 
- “What are you doing here with Mr Ugly?” she asks, - “he's a definite 6-er”. 
I laugh, picturing Lucien’s dumpy form spread out on the king-size bed last night. 
“He has his moments”, I replied teasingly. I am serious for a moment: “And he's helping me with my research into this mysterious list of names.”
Birgit wrinkles her nose slightly, and the puzzled look comes back. 
- “Why are you so interested in the Danish Medical Institute?”, she asks, “it's not the most exciting of research centres in the world”.
Bingo. I try to keep my voice calm. Casual. “The Danish Medical Institute? What do you mean?”
She reaches over and points to the apple-shaped logo on the lab book photocopy: “This is the logo of the Danish Medical Institute, silly.” She points to a bookcase at the end of the room; “Let me show you something”. We walk over to the bookcase; Lucien doesn't even look up.  I opened my mouth to shout and call him over from the other end of the chamber, but she waves her hand to silence me. 
- “This is for you, stupid”. 
Sandwiched between this book case and the wall, we have our own private little chamber, unseen by the rest of the world. Birgit presses me against the wall and gently unbuttons my blouse, one button at a time.  We kiss chastely on the lips, like a mother kissing a child at bed-time. Two small hands reach behind me, struggling to find the catch on my bra. 
“How did you recognise the symbol?” I whisper eagerly in her ear, while I tolerate her fumblings. She looks up, confused. I stroke her face gently, with my latex-gloved fingers, and she smiles, reassured. She finds the bra catch, and releases my breasts into her hands, gently massaging them. My tits are erect as it’s bloody freezing in this ice chamber, so I am grateful for the warmth of her body next to mine. 
“How?” I persist, running my finger over her lips. I am attempting to do it playfully, but it is quite hard when you still have your rubber gloves on.
- ”It’s quite weird, really” she whispers softly in my ear, “an old man came in a couple of weeks back with a box of materials from the archives of the institute, said there was no room for it any more in his house, would we like to maintain it as historically interesting material? Well of course we said yes, we always do. Can’t throw anything away until we’ve checked whether or not we already have a copy – that’s the rules. I haven't had a chance to go through them yet, but the symbol was on all the folders.” She starts to kiss my breasts then heads down towards my jeans fastener. Looking up, she whispers again “Must be fate – he comes in last week to talk to me, then you are here a week later, looking for the same symbol.“
Her hand reaches the flies on my jeans, but suddenly I don't feel like playing this game anymore. I need to see those files. Now. I crouch down to her level and kiss her fully, then while I distract her with the promise of some tongue gymnastics I feel the bookcase beside me and knock out some of the heavier volumes. A huge clattering of books to the floor ensues, and Lucien calls out "Lone! What are you are doing?" I hear him get up from his computer station and walk towards us. Birgit looks crestfallen, and I try my best to look disappointed as I apologetically do up my clothes again before Lucien finds us. 
- "Definitely a 1..." she whispers sadly, fingering one of my blouse buttons. Then she looks thoughtful. 
- "Actually, this old geezer who came with the box of Institute material would also have been a 1 or 2 when he was younger. Proper Viking build...he would have been quite a looker with that ginger beard..."
I can feel my world falling apart. It could of course have been no-one else but my Far. 


***


Chapter 21


It is eerie to see my Far's signature on the sheet of paper left with the cardboard box. 
"Happy Hunting" trills Birgit, leaving us to it with a wistful glance over her shoulder. But not before she has scribbled her phone number on my notebook cover. Lucien looks pleased. 
"What amazing dedication to the national identity you Danes have Lone! See how keen she is to help us - so much better than the service in the British Library - no chance of a phone number there!"
I smile wanly. 
-”Yes indeed, she is certainly not your stereotypical librarian”, I comment drily. But I keep the phone number, just in case.
There are just three cardboard folders, both printed with the same apple-shaped logo on the front. We go through the records together, as they are mostly in Danish. It’s an interesting experience to have him being dependent on me in this way for interpretation of historical documents, a satisfying role reversal.
I open the first folder, which contains maybe 15 sheets of paper. Lucien drums his fingers impatiently:-
“Come on then – translate!”
I am not good with impatient people. 
- “It’s not that easy Lucien, it appears to be meeting agendas and minutes from meetings. I don’t recognise any of the names.” I run my finger down the document, scanning for more information. “The meetings seem to chart arguments over the allocation of resources for a scientific project called “Adam”.
It is the same old story that dogs all scientific projects: everyone thinks it’s a good idea, but no-one will provide the necessary resources. Story of my life.
I read further. “And then finally, in this last meeting, the assembled decision-makers have agreed on where all the resources – medical resources, economic resources, facilities, patients – will be sourced, and the project is approved. By about 15 different people, just to be sure about it.”
Lucien looks disappointed. “That’s it?”
- “That’s it” I say, flatly, handing him the folder “- see for yourself!” 
He starts to flick through the pages, not comprehending the language at all. He stops at the final memo, staring at the first page fixedly. 
“Good god Lone - look at the names of the 15 decision-makers!”
Obediently, I look at the list of the people who have approved the project in the final memo, including a line of signatures. I shrug; 
-“It means nothing to me”.
Lucien looks incredulous, pointing along the list of names 
“Most of these names were either a top bod in the German-led administration or a high-ranking Danish civil servant”. He whistles after studying the report for a few more seconds “Whatever Project Adam was, we are talking about something high-profile, considering that these guys were all in the know…Shit man!” He points out the list: 
“Even Josef Mengele has signed on the dotted line – tell me for god’s sake that you’ve heard of him? He’s mentioned in every bloody book on the ethics of human experimentation…”
When he sees my blank look, he shakes his head, solemnly.
“He was a doctor working for the Nazis at the Auschwitz concentration camp. Surely you’ve heard of that place at least?” 
And then it floods back to me - of course I have heard of Josef Mengele. The infamous SS Angel of Death, presiding over life and death at Auschwitz. Everything from carrying out the “selection” of prisoners destined for the gas chambers to performing gruesome human experiments. That was all well before modern medical ethics as we know it today emerged to protect human life.
Lucien studies the list further and draws in his breath sharply 
“And god Lone! Tell me that you’ve heard of Carl Peter Vaernet! A bloody Danish war criminal with capital letters! Jesus Christ – you don’t have an ounce of Danishness in you!”
A moment’s thought, and then I nod slowly. But not through any sense of national shame. My Far talked about him once, during a moment of extreme drunkenness. Which strangely enough were the moments I craved, as they were often moments when he let his guard down, let me into his soul. 

***

As I recall the incident, the evening had started well. My father had taken the unheard-of step of inviting me to his Fellow’s quarters to celebrate my being offered a place on the Cambridge Natural Sciences undergraduate course. I was only 17 years old at the time, and I accepted willingly, perhaps wanting some kind of reconciliation. I had wanted to believe him when he phoned me and told me that he was dry. I was determined to believe it somehow. 
We sit by his small kitchenette table, folded down from the wall. He has not cooked the dinner himself (that would be expecting too much), but at least he has wiped the grease from the table, and I have the grace not to mention the Chinese takeaway bags stuffed into the waste paper bin in his study. 
I inspect him, secretly pleased - he looks good! His hair is freshly cut, his ginger beard is neatly trimmed. 
Perhaps he has finally cleaned up.
- “Cheers” I say gently, and we smile at each other. I notice how many more creases he has on his face since we last saw each other. I have been living in exile for a long time, it seems.
“Skål!” counters my father, ever keen to speak his native tongue. “…and well done my skat on getting into the Cambridge Sciences Tripos!”
I remember that my Far raised his glass of orange juice to me, and just for a moment, we are both happy. 
But then he has to ask the thorny question:
“Have you thought of which specialisation you might pursue?”
I decide that honesty is the best policy - better for him to know sooner than later.
- “I want to study genetic engineering; Far, I want to help humans with genetic diseases.” 
His lips purse, and he looks disappointed - he wanted so much to hear me say evolutionary biology, I know that. I try to placate him: 
- “You know Theodosius Dobzhansky’s oft-quoted maxim, Far - Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of Evolution… So we’ll actually be working in incredibly closely related fields…”
Dobzhansky was right of course, so in every sense my scientific destiny is tied to my Far. But my Far doesn’t see it that way, I can see the anger seeping into him, the strange indignation bubbling to the surface. 
“That’s a terrible idea Lone! Why human beings? What gives you the right to play the metaphorical God, to interfere with a human individual’s genetic make-up?....I hope that you don’t see yourself working with modifying the human germ-line!” 
My Far shudders theatrically, as if I have just told him I intend to become a terrorist. He stands up, puts down his chopsticks, rushes to the kitchen cupboard, takes out a large bottle of vodka carefully hidden behind the tins of soup and pre-prepared dinners.
I sense the emergence of an old storyline, like a tape playing over and over again. His old habit is still alive and well, it seems. That old crutch, brought out at difficult moments. Whenever life gives you a hard time. Whenever life doesn’t play along with your tune.
He continues his lecture: “Don’t do it Lone, humans were not made to be tampered with in that way…the germline - the human genetic code passed on to the next generation - it’s not to be tampered with! We don’t know what the consequences could be!”
I protest, and try to wrench the bottle off him, but he is too strong, pinning me down in my chair while slamming the bottle down in the centre of the small kitchenette table.
“Let’s drink to your rosey future as the next Carl Vaernet” he snarls. I am frightened - he is unpredictable when he is like this, I know. I watch silently as he unscrews the lid of the bottle, pours some into my orange juice despite my protests, and drinks noisily directly from the bottle, wiping his lips on his sleeve.
- “Please don’t ruin this evening, Far….Please don’t…” I feel my anger burning inside; can feel a desire to lash out at him, to hurt him, to punish him for doing this to me every time. Every time I think he’s going to change.
But he suddenly seems calmer after emptying the bottle, more collected somehow. 
I try to change the subject, desperate to placate him, get off this dangerous topic.
- “Who was Vaernet, Far?” I’m curious, despite myself.
He hiccups, eyes me dreamily for a moment. 
 “He was a Danish SS major during the second world war, but was sent to work as a doctor at the Buchenwald concentration camp.” 
Buchenwald….I can only imagine that he was not there to help cure his patients.
My father confirms my thoughts: “Proper bastard, he was. Experimented with hormones, wanted to convert homosexuals to heterosexuals. A completely absurd vision, altså, everything points to gays being gay because they have a genetic tendency to be gay that is much more complicated than some kind of phoney theory about the testosterone levels. And that’s that”. 
- “How did he intend to affect sexuality?” I ask, partly in horrified fascination but partly to keep him distracted.
“He injected mens’ groins with hormones. And there was talk of some kind of testosterone implant…The project was approved by the likes of Himmler himself. The SS gave him research funds, lab space and of course the most important ingredient…a ready supply of experimental subjects”.
My father’s face screws up with distaste at the thought of all the innocents used in the name of science.
“He was a high-up member of the Danish Nazi party of course. You had to be that in those days. But for some reason or other, he was dropped by a lot of patients around the time that he came out at a Nazi party member…” His voice drips with heavy sarcasm for a moment, then he continues “I met him once in Copenhagen…” A far-away look appears in his eyes: “…he trained there anyhow.” 
I am surprised he has never mentioned this personal connection before. The disgust must run deep in him.
“He tried to make artificial hormone glands, which he implanted into male patients in Buchenwald. Some of them got infections as a direct result…He had some co-operations going with our old friend Josef Mengele, who you will have heard of, of course”. My Far stares into space, attempting to peel the label of the vodka bottle in his hand but not quite being able to grasp the label between his rapidly intoxicated fingers.
- “What happened to him?” I ask, fascinated despite myself.
“Vaernet escaped by pretending to have heart trouble and running away during transfer to a hospital in Sweden. Even tried to sell his hormone research to an American company in 1946, the plucky bastard. Ended up in South America, as many of them did. The blessed ODESSA take good care of their own. The good SS party members anyway – the ones who didn’t ask too many awkward questions.”
“So he didn’t get taken to Nuremburg?”, I ask, surprised. 
He shakes his head again, loses his concentration on the label for a moment and drops the bottle on the floor.
“No, Lone. Mysteriously, the case against Vaernet was dropped by the Danish Ministry of Justice.”
-“So he got away with it?”
He nods grimly. “He got away with it. Still worked as a doctor in Buenos Aires until in death in the 60s. But he died a frightened man. He was convinced that he would be captured at any moment. Turns out his wife had always wondered whether he worked for the mafia: he kept a gun under his pillow and would wake up in the middle of the night, screaming to be released”.
A man who is remembered for his heinous crimes against humanity.
And a man whose signature has lain for 60 years in my Far’s house in a pile of old papers.

***


Chapter 22


The next folder contains a letter from Berlin signed by an SS-officer, Dr. F. Kroeger, written in English. We read the document together, but there is not much information other than it appears to have been sent accompanying a biological sample. Strict instructions are sent for maintaining the sample in the frozen state until delivered. Lucien studies the letter, puzzled. 
- “This appears to be quite a high-ranking SS officer from the letterhead, but I don’t recognise the name.” He looks thoughtful, studying the signature again. “Why do you think they wanted to transport the sample frozen - what kind of biological samples do you usually transport frozen?”
I shrug; “Most samples will be transported at a lower temperature – could be a patient tissue sample for example, some kind of a biopsy sample for analysis. It’s possible that they had better facilities in Copenhagen”. But we both know that it is not a satisfactory explanation for such a high-level SS officer being involved.
He puts down the file “Lets take a look at the final file – I hope that it bears more fruit than the first two”.
And it does of course; I can see that at once. Only two documents: the first being a scientific abstract, written in German. Now it’s Lucien’s turn to translate for me. He writes it out on a piece of notepaper, stabbing the paper aggressively while he writes, repeating the words in German to himself as he goes. 
The translation reads thus:-

Abstract
D-501 was injected into the following subgroups:-
Group A: 20 substandard individuals from wing A.
Group B.: 20 normal individuals sourced from wing B
Group C: 20 normal individuals (sourced from the greater Copenhagen area.)

All individuals in groups A and B succumbed to the effects of D-501 within seven days. No significant difference between speed of onset of death was observed between groups A and B (p>0.05). Two older individuals from group C also died, with similar pathology. Based on these results, it is recommended to discontinue optimisation of  D-501. 

The second document is a photo of a middle-aged, balding male patient being injected in his arm. The caption on the back of the photo reads in English: “injection procedure with D-501: random patient from group C”. I study the picture for a while: I find it eerie that the patient is smiling a broad toothy grin, seemingly unaware of some of the other patients’ fates. He is dressed in ordinary hospital pyjamas, and I can’t see any distinguishing marks on him. I pass the photo to Lucien but he puts it down again after a brief glance at it.
He is puzzled, concentrating on the abstract. 
“What’s this D-501, Lone?” 
I shrug. 
- “We’ve no way of knowing from this information alone. It’s presumably a new drug they were testing on a population of individuals, but it looks like the test went horrifically wrong.” I look up at Lucien. “People died. At any rate, they recommended discontinuing the drug optimization process”. 
Lucien scratches his head. 
- “What was so special about group C patients that they survived the treatment?”
“That’s what I don’t understand”, I reply “This agent was totally deadly to the other two groups”. I stare again at the photo of the group C patient, but he just looks ordinary, I can see no reason for him to differ from any biologically average middle-aged patient. It occurs to me that the data is probably difficult to interpret in a scientific manner in any case – there’s not even a single control population to compare against.
Lucien looks grim. “At any rate, your father was directly involved in the deaths of 42 people during the occupation. I doesn’t look that good, Lone”. He shakes his head. 
- “Just because my father had copies of these documents doesn’t mean that he was involved! He has his faults, but he was very ethical when it came to experimentation”.
Too ethical in some ways. I recall again my Far’s vehement disapproval of my interest in gene therapy.
Lucien holds my shoulder gently. “I’m really sorry, but I didn’t translate the signature of the scientist who did the statistical analysis of the results and wrote this report…” He passes me the original German document, wordlessly. 
There is nothing more to say. My Far’s signature has not changed in 60 years, it would seem. 


***


Chapter 23


42 people: They all died. 
I glance again at the German copy of the abstract, glance away: my father's name, his signature, is still there. I have to get away from these documents. My Far’s spidery handwriting condemns, witnesses to the fact that he must have been present during the catastrophic trials of D-501. Not just present: he was a collaborator to the deaths. And chose to do nothing. Suddenly I can’t be in the archive any more. I can’t breathe, I need air. 
Lucien can read me pretty well: frowning for a second, he suggests “Let’s have a coffee break”, stacking the files neatly on the table and placing a “reservation” slip on top of the pile to ensure it is not tidied away. I follow him silently as he touches a few buttons on the archive control panel, and we slip out of the cellar, through the corridors back to the library’s harbour-side café. 
It is a modern café with minimalistic black and white furnishings, bathed in daylight streaming through the polarised glass front of the building. We order coffee and muffins and settle at a small table by the window, looking out over the waterfront.
We sit in silence for a while, sipping our coffees. Lucien stares out of the window, at first waiting patiently for me to speak, but eventually unable to resist:-
“What do you think it means Lone? How is your father connected to all this?”
I shrug; continue to sip my coffee, focussing my eyes on the water. I don’t feel like discussing this just now, I need to organise my own thoughts first. And get over the shock. Lucien must sense this, as he answers his own question after a few moments. 
“It’s impossible to say in many ways…all we can conclude for sure is that clinical trials were carried out on groups of patients in Denmark during the Nazi occupation, and 42 patients died because of some medicine called D-501…” A pause. “…and your father did the statistical analysis of the catastrophic results. God knows why that was needed: the raw data speak for themselves. Call it German efficiency. Anyhow, the project was shut, end of story. Your father recommending the closure of the project could have saved thousands of other patients from a similar fate”, he concludes, hopefully.
But we both know that this idea doesn’t fit with the story the priest told me: that my Far’s past was catching up with him. 
I need to start facing up to the thought that my Far was probably a war criminal. Which kind of makes his other faults rather less major than I had previously imagined them.
I can stand it no more, get up from the table and order a triple whiskey from the restaurant bar. Lucien looks on with a disapproving stare as I walk back to the table with the glass, but says nothing. He nods grimly as I down the liquid, enjoying the heat in my throat. It’s not even single malt, but I don’t care at this moment in time. It’s the alcohol I want. 
I wipe my lips with the back of my hand and lean back in my chair, considering the possibilities.
Of course, every Dane, even an ex-pat, has heard of the Danish war criminals within the Nazi ranks. And they know about the more subtle form of war criminals: the collaborators, the profiteers, those who chose filling their own pockets over their love for the fatherland. And, of course, those who chose to fight for the Germans. History has not been kind to those chose the "wrong" side: no war memorials to that segment of the Danish population, just to the soldiers on the Allied side. History favours the victorious, of course. Not the generation of grieving mothers forced to hide the truth from polite society after the occupation was over.
I have yet to meet a Dane who has any form of war criminal in their family: strangely enough, a family has either participated actively in the Danish resistance or claims to have been only superficially involved. National pride.  Far better to perpetuate the myth that all Danes gave the cold shoulder to the occupiers than to look the cold, hard truth in the eye: few people did enough.  And even the celebrated resistance fighters were mostly betrayed in the end. Often by their own kind.
Only the bravest are prepared to confront the skeletons in their family closet. 
I am not sure that I consider myself very brave at all.
“You know, Lone, we can just leave now if you want. We can leave the folders, walk out of here, return to Cambridge. Put all this behind us.” Lucien smiles feebly. “You might even get your genetic vectors review finished.”
But we both know that the whole idea of giving up now is an impossibility, and I shake my head slowly, firmly. 
- “No Lucien. I have to know the truth. I have to.” 
He nods, understanding. I am surprised how relieved he looks: it occurs to me that his historian’s instincts would perhaps have compelled him to continue digging without me anyhow.
My mind is made up, and with the whiskey strengthening my new-found resolve I make to get up and return to the archive. 
But I am prevented by a firm hand on my shoulder, rooting me to the spot.
“Dr. Lone, I presume? I warned you; now you’re both under arrest.” 
That familiar sarcasm in the same calm voice. I turn in my chair and come face-to-face with the leering grin of Detective Jones. 


***


Chapter 24


There is no-where to run: Lucien and I have been quietly surrounded by a posse of anonymous Danish policemen. With hands placed casually on their gun holsters, in case we should change our minds about co-operating.
Each flanked by two police officers, Lucien and I are frogmarched out to the waiting police cars. I am silent: there is nothing to say to a crowd of weaponed police officers, and I am ashamed to find myself trembling, afraid that Jones may have discovered everything, uncovered my father’s secret. It occurs to me that the daughter of a researcher who contributed to Nazi war crimes will probably find it hard to obtain funding for her medical research, at any rate. And there is the shame of my Far’s possible posthumous exposure: hard for the general public to fathom, even harder for me to bear. 
There is a long convoy of police vehicles parked outside the library entrance, and I see Lucien being marched into one of the vans at the front of the queue of vehicles. Jones gestures to a smaller police car further back.
“Get in”, he barks, and taps his foot impatiently while I clamber into the back seat. He locks the doors, and jumps in quickly. 
But he makes no attempt to start the car engine – instead he just watches the rest of the police convoy set off towards the centre of town. Once they are gone, he turns round to me and observes me coolly, peering through the strong wire mesh separating the driver’s section from the passenger section. His silence is unnerving, it’s as if he is waiting for me to do something.
Two things occur to me then: it occurs to me that an arrested criminal would normally be accompanied by another police officer on the back seat next to them. Yet I am alone with Jones in the car. It also occurs to me that with only Jones and me in the car, there are no witnesses here to what happens in this enclosed space. Perhaps that’s even how he prefers to interrogate his captives.
I evaluate my options for escape, and settle for vainly rattling the handle on the police car door.  
Jones’ lip curls upwards in amusement: “It’s no use Lone – you’ll find that the door is securely locked”. 
He turns around again, as if checking for other vehicles or onlookers, then adjusts the front mirror so he can survey my reflection while he is facing the other way. It occurs to me that Jones is not so good with direct eye contact: he prefers professional distance, it appears. 
“You and I need to talk, Lone”. He holds his palms together in a prayer-like posture, focussing his thoughts, as if unsure how to continue. 
- “I don’t really see why that’s necessary – you seem to know everything about me”, I reply, scowling sullenly and trying to hide my fear. 
He laughs gently. “Yes, perhaps that’s true. Let me see…you are a highly ambitious genetics researcher, top of your class at school - when you weren’t playing truant in the woods, of course. Quadruple first at Cambridge. PhD received critical acclaim, if there is such a thing in the scientific world. You have research scholarships and postdoctoral funding galore: everyone with anything to do with gene therapy seems to want a piece of you.” I can see him raising his eyebrows in the mirror, inspecting me solemnly. 
I feel the pride within me rise – it’s an unstoppable instinct in any serious Cambridge academic. It’s the thing that motivates us when the money runs out, the thing that propels some of us into greatness.
He continues, “I have interviewed many of your colleagues in connection with your father’s death, and everyone has nothing but admiration for your scientific abilities: meticulous, smart as hell, you take nothing for granted: every dogma can be questioned and challenged – you think outside the box and have no care for conventions. The essence of a first class scientific mind, or so they tell me….
…But they also talk of another side to you: your arrogance, selfishness, destructive behavioural patterns…”
I snort slightly. God knows who he has been speaking to. My students, perhaps?
Jones continues unperturbed: “Yes – your alcohol binges have not gone un-noticed by the charming lady who does the cleaning in your corridor, your Bedder.” I make a mental note to have a word with her when I return to Cambridge. If I return to Cambridge, I add silently. 
He has not finished with my list of faults: “And as for your impatience, lack and empathy and obsessive perfectionism – I am given to understand that you have reduced many an undergraduate student to tears.” 
He turns round to face me directly again, gripping the head-rest of the front seat: “You are stubborn as a mule, Lone”. 
I avoid his eye contact this time – I don’t want to goad him into revealing any more aspects of my character than he already has.
He sighs audibly: “And knowing all this about you, I was so stupid! I should have known that you would not give up your own investigations into your father’s death, even though I tried to warn you off.” His expression softens slightly. “I assumed one thing, and that was wrong: I thought that girls with a bad relationship to their alcoholic father do not bust a gut trying to piece together the final hours of his death. But it still puzzles me somehow…” He looks keenly at me now: “…why have you spent so much effort on this amateur investigation?”
It’s a loaded question: he wants me to strip down to my naked, inner self and open up my soul to him. Thus isn’t gonna happen – not to him, not to anyone. I shrug. 
- “You said so yourself, I take the trouble to question every dogma. That’s all it was – don’t read any emotional stuff into it.” I pause for a moment. “- He died, I had some questions – there were irregularities, you understand? And then more and more things didn’t add up, it was all rubbish. So I kept asking questions…And some people didn’t like it.”  
Now it’s his time to scowl. “We had an arrangement that you would stop digging; it was for your own good. But you didn’t. You carried on getting deeper and deeper into trouble.”
- “I don’t see how seeking out the truth can be an evil thing to do”, I counter. 
“It can be if you do it with an evil person”, he replies cryptically. 
- “Just what are you implying?”, I retort, “...My father did have some pretty bad flaws in his character that led him to do regrettable things as a young man…” (and as an adult and parent, I add mentally to myself) “…but I would never call him an evil man – of that I am sure!”
- “In fact”, I continue, livid with rage, “he had a great capacity for love despite his flaws, so don’t categorise my relationship with my father as dysfunctional based on some high-school textbook on criminal psychology.” 
I surprise myself with how much I am prepared to defend my father in the face of danger. 
Jones raises his hands in the air, defensively, and speaks softly. “Okay Lone, let’s leave this issue behind. I have no quarrel with your father now that he is a dead man.”
I lean back, arms folded, feeling slightly more at ease. He wants to placate me: now I have the definite feeling that he is not going to harm me, but I still can’t fathom why he wants this off-the-record police interview in the back of the car.
- “Well, if that’s the case, then why have I been arrested? It’s not like I’ve done anything wrong?” I’m pleading now, hoping that this rare softer side of Jones can be manipulated.
But in that split second he becomes hard again, like the Jones I am used to. He turns towards me now, leaning against the metal grille separating us from each other, his eyes bulging at me, those dark pools again too close for comfort. I squirm back instinctively in my seat, suddenly afraid again. It’s like he has recovered a presence again.
“You still don’t understand, do you Lone? I have never been after you: you’re just annoying small fry.” He pauses, sighing, as if he is suddenly exhausted by everything. 
“It’s Lucien who is the danger, you see Lone – it’s Lucien who we wanted to arrest. ….And we need your help…”


***


Chapter 25 

Copenhagen main police station


The police station interview room is simple: no windows, white concrete walls, minimal furniture: just a table bolted to the linoleum-lined floor, three chairs and a tape recorder. And, of course, the huge one-way mirror on the far wall through which I am now permitted to stare in from the observation room on the other side. A short, olive-skinned, police liaison officer sits next to me while we wait for the interview to start, clicking her high heels and offering endless cups of coffee and pointless remarks.
- “So you’re English then?....” 
Encouraged by my non-committal grunts, she continues, - “Well you speak such excellent Danish, I would never have known…”. 
I warm my hands on the plastic coffee cup and try my best to ignore her bleatings, contemplating the strange tale that Jones recounted in the car. I can’t believe it: the Lucien he described is not the gentle man I know: the bumbling historian, ready to lap up my attention whenever it is available. 
“…- So is it your Mor or Far who is Danish…?” The police officer looks at me expectantly, and I am just about to deliver a cutting remark when our attention is caught by the door opening into the interview room. 
It’s Jones, with Lucien. 
Animals react differently to captivity: some curl up and die, unable to cope with the loss of freedom. Others develop strangely compulsive, repetitive movements in order to cope with the abnormal environment: certainly many intelligent creatures suffer from this propensity. I remember my Far spent an inordinate amount of time studying an old bull elephant at Copenhagen Zoo, who would wander back and forth all day over a tiny three metre wide stretch of his enormous enclosure. 
Still others are strangely unaffected, adapting instantly to their changed circumstances, like Lucien is now, walking across the interview room after his hand-cuffs are removed to sit calmly at the table, his hands curved together in an arch.
I feel my stomach lurching with a sense of betrayal as he turns to face the mirror, nodding slightly. Surely he doesn’t know that I am here?
As if reading my thoughts, the liaison officer touches my hand:
- “Don’t worry, he can’t see you through the glass.” She smiles a sickly smile and I move my hand away stiffly. She pretends not to notice but turns to busy herself with pouring more coffee from the thermos flask. 
Another officer comes into the interview room, an older blonde man. He carries a large stack of paper and pens, and settles nervously into his chair, peering at his notes. Jones, on the other hand, is very composed, and has no notes at all. He has been following this case too long to need anything to jog his memory, has been planning this moment for a long time.
The Ray Benns are off, he flexes his hands, and I can sense that he is warming up for his chameleon strike. 
But he starts the interview gently, confirming Lucien’s identity and starting some small talk about Lucien’s studies. I shift impatiently in my chair: this is not how it goes in detective movies. 
Lucien is speaking calmly, eloquently:-
“…In layman’s terms, I am researching the differences between the various resistance movements in Nazi-occupied countries”. 
Jones leans towards him slightly. 
- “and that would include Denmark of course?”
“Of course”. 
- “what’s your opinion of the Danish government?”
Lucien looks surprised at this line of questioning, ponders the idea for a few seconds:-
“I am afraid that I don’t know enough about the current political situation to be able to answer that”
A historian’s answer – carefully considered, restricted to the facts. 
Jones smirks slightly.  
- “Of course not” he mocks, as if trying to bait Lucien, “but I believe that you must have an opinion of how the government has dealt with disclosing certain aspects of the occupied country’s co-operation with the Nazis”  
If Jones wanted a reaction, he is disappointed. Lucien looks him straight in the eye and answers quietly, with pursed lips:
“They did what they felt they had to do to preserve the Danish people. I have no quarrel with the Danish government. The Danes saved thousands of innocent Jewish citizens by ensuring their safe passage to Sweden, and for that I am eternally grateful….” It is his turn to mock Jones now: “…perhaps you should brush up on your second world war history, detective: I can certainly recommend the Jewish museum in Copenhagen as a good starting point.”
The detective is unperturbed, stays stock-still in his chair. His hypnotic eyes stay firmly fixed on Lucien. 
- “Yes, I am sure that you would know all about that, Lucien. Given your family and your most interesting connections…”
A brief nod and Jones’ silent blonde side-kick hands a sheaf of papers to Lucien. Jones continues gravely:
- "Our file on you is quite large by now – it has really been quite a rollercoaster ride of a career that you have had – starting off as a member of a string of extremist Jewish activist groups…”
Lucien studies the document wordlessly for a second, then lays it down on the table again and shrugs. 
“So what? Membership of Jewish interest groups isn't illegal in this day and age.”
So it’s true then, the story that Jones told me in the car. 
The detective waves his finger, admonishing. – “You and I both know that these organisations haven’t just sat around waggling their thumbs…Actions, and violence specifically, speak louder than words”.
Lucien stares calmly back: “You don’t have a shred of evidence for that statement, and you know it.”
A short silence. Another sheet of paper is produced by the sidekick. I find myself holding my breath, not wanting to believe the accusations. 
Jones stands up and walks over to the other side of the table, gently lays down the sheet of paper before Lucien’s eyes. 
“We have been following with interest the activities of the ODESSA-hunting group SABER. You know that.”
The ODESSA. I recognise the name vaguely, but my mind is a blank. I consider asking the police liaison officer about it, but guess that she will be as clueless as I am.
Lucien snorts: “- You can never leave the Jews alone alone, can you? Centuries of abuse and persecution still alive and well today” 
Jones continues unperturbed: “It’s nothing to do with religion as far as we are concerned: we are interested in any extremist groups that are impatient about getting justice for wartime atrocities through the normal routes, and are concentrating on taking justice into their own hands rather than wait for the long arm of the law… 
I am sure that it doesn’t surprise you to know that your name features quite heavily on many of our files of this particular group…” He selects one page, points at one particular line.: “here you can see that on 30th May, it was agreed that you would go ahead with investigating your suspicions of Dr. Hendrik Christensen - the celebrated BBC naturalist otherwise known as Lone’s father.”
A short silence and then Jones continues: “A SABER operative speaks to a war criminal, and then said war criminal dies…You can see how it looks, can’t you?”
So Jones thinks it was murder too! I clutch the edge of my chair to steady myself, maintain my firm upright position. But how can Lucien be involved in all this? It still doesn’t seem possible. 
For the first time in the interview, I sense that Jones has got the upper hand: Lucien looks down and starts to fidget slightly in his chair, tapping his feet on the floor. A long silence while he considers how much to reveal. 
Or which lie to fabricate, to belie the truth.
Jones doesn’t give him a chance to answer: the question was clearly meant to be rhetorical. He comes with one further question: 
- “Do you deny that you were in Copenhagen for the commemoration of the liberation of Denmark this year, on the 4th May?”
Again, Lucien seems to have been caught off-guard; his voice shakes slightly as he answers for the first time:
“I went to Ryvangen for the service, sure. That’s not a crime is it? If it is, then half the Danish population are guilty…But how did you know that’s where I started suspecting Lone’s father?”
Not “Hendrik”, but “Lone’s father”. He is unconsciously describing this in a frame of reference to me.
The chameleon is out again - “I ask the questions, you supply the answers. Why did you start to suspect him?” 
Lucien holds his head leaning against his left hand for a while, and I can’t make out his expression any more as it is hidden from view. 
Jones tilts his head to mirror Lucien’s position and starts again softly: 
- “Come on Lucien – you and I both know that it’s best to honest...I want to help you out of this, I really do.” 
Like shit you do. 
This guy is good, I can sense him probing Lucien for a weak point, a psychological way in. 
A long silence. One last attempt to crack the prisoner: “How would it look if Lone knew about all this? She was very fond of her father you know, it would be very distressing if we told her all this…”
He has found an entrance, I can sense it by the way that Lucien leans back in chair, genuinely distressed. 
For some reason I feel a release at being the chink in Lucien’s armour. It’s a strange feeling, being someone’s weak point.  
A long sigh of resignation: the prisoner appears to have decided to sing, staring at the floor, curling his toes upwards towards himself as if trying to make himself smaller somehow: 
“It’s true that I visited Lone’s father just before his death…And yes, I first made the connection that he could be a war criminal at Ryvangen.”
- “What were you doing at Ryvangen?”  
A scowl: “Researching my thesis obviously: I was looking for the handful of resistance fighters who are still alive in Denmark. Primary sources are always best – you should know that in your line of work.” 
He spits out the phrase “your line of work” as though it is something unclean.
Jones doesn’t comment but sits silently while Lucien continues: “I noticed Lone's father crying at the main memorial to the Danish resistance fighters. I was intrigued, as I had not known that he had had a connection to the resistance under the war...”
I have never seen my father cry without being drunk – it must have been some kind of deep emotion, at any rate.
“…I came over to give him a hug, but he just continued to cry as he was obviously blind drunk – the whiskey drenched his beard, you could smell it a mile away.”
I sigh audibly: we are back to familiar territory here, except it was unusual for my Far to be drunk in a public place. He was more usually an expert at limiting his episodes to his family home.
“He kept on rambling on about the fact that there were more deaths in Denmark than those immortalised in Ryvangen...I asked him what he meant and he just repeated it again…So I took him out of Ryvangen and drove him into town…you understand, he was so drunk that I couldn’t get the name of his hotel out of him - I had to check out his wallet and found a keycard there…He was just so confused and distressed…”
He stops to wipe his forehead, recalling the scene. Jones stays stock-still, determined not to distract Lucien from his recollections. 
“I parked at his hotel and went with him up to his room, just to make sure he was OK…and of course because my historian’s curiosity was now whetted to the full – it felt like it could be a big story, a new angle to the history of the Nazi occupation…He sobered up just a little after an hour or too, and then he told me that he had worked for the Nazis to sin against the nation and against god… and that he feared death greatly…”
I suddenly realise that I am holding my breath. But surely I know the ending to this story already? I am desperately wanting it to end another way. 
He continues, the words tumbling out of him now that he decided to share the story: 
“But the problem was that he sobered up a bit too much and started closing up – it was obviously not something he wanted to share with anyone...”
There is a longer silence, and Jones shifts slightly in his seat before prompting Lucien:-
- “But you couldn’t leave the story alone, could you? You could smell blood, couldn’t you?”
Lucien shakes his head: “No, you’re wrong. It wasn’t like that! I visited him in his quarters at Christ’s college after I got back to Cambridge. He didn’t tell me all of the sorry truth, just snippets about some innocent people who were killed, without explaining how they died. He showed me a photocopy of a lab book containing the list of names, he had noted the names of all the victims - something had possessed him to do that for them at least…. And he told me he also had a CD-ROM, on which he had saved a copy of the list of names, for safekeeping. He told me he had up till now hidden the CD-ROM among some irrelevant sequence data discs to ensure its safety. He was not sure how much of the truth he should reveal, he was not sure whether he should dig up ghosts by naming names, as most of them were dead you see...”
Lucien hesitates slightly, and looks down at the floor: 
“I….I’m afraid to say that I stole the disk after his death – it was easy to find as I recognised the symbol on it from the lab book. I tried to find the victims’ names from the CD-ROM, but it was impossible, I couldn’t fathom how to decode all the sequence data…”
A light dawns - so that was how the CD-ROM came into my pigeonhole: Lucien had planted it there. So I could solve the mystery for him. I feel betrayed to the depths of my soul: Lucien has known all along! And he has followed me around while I pick up his pathetic little paper trail so that I can supply the scientific evidence and Danish translations he needs to expose my father’s crimes.
He continues, the words flowing out of him again. 
“…Anyhow, after we talked for a little while he seemed to close his thoughts to me, just said he needed to seek counsel before sharing his ghosts…That’s why he went to the falcon nest I guess, to think, to work out whether he should finally exorcise his demons. But then he couldn’t face the truth, I imagine, so he leapt to his death.” 
Jones raise an eyebrow, unbelieving. 
- “So that’s it then, Lucien – he talks to you for ten minutes, has a crisis of conscience after nearly 60 years, and just flings himself off a cliff? All rather convenient, don’t you think?”
Lucien shakes his head, taps the floor with his feet again, agitated: “No sir, I’m telling you the truth here.”
Jones leans further forward over the table. – “But you see Lucien, try and see it from my point of view: you have a mandate from SABER to investigate the issue, so I don’t see how you could just leave Hendrik alone with that kind of explanation….You have to agree with me that it doesn’t fit with the idea that SABER as a successful extremist organisation always gets the bad guys? Who’s to say that you didn’t help his little crisis of conscience by giving him a little push…” More softly now, a crocodile smile: “…after all, it’s what any war criminal deserves…”
Again, Lucien denies the accusation vehemently: “No, no, you’ve got it all wrong - 
I could not touch him, as he wanted to come clean about it, he wanted justice for the victims. Don’t you understand, that’s how SABER works…He was just a small cog in a ginormous system - he was just 19 years old at the time, for god’s sake! - so I had no malice for him. He had punished himself enough, it would seem.”
And then the chameleon strikes.
Jones looks straight into Lucien’s eyes, speaks slowly and quietly, almost imperceptibly. The blonde sidekick struggles to adjust the volume control on the recording system, to ensure the words are captured:-
- “There was one thing in all this that made no sense to me at all…You’re not Jewish, are you Lucien…But then I started digging around your family history a little and struck gold, solid gold…! 
He pauses for dramatic effect before delivering the killer blow:- 
- “Tell me Lucien: how did it feel, to see your grandfather's name, in black and white, on that lab book page? Amongst the list of the dead!”
Lucien and I let out a simultaneous involuntary gasp of surprise.
Jones continues, unruffled. “Oh yes, we know about that too Lucien! Let me tell you what I think…I think that it must have been a pretty strong emotional catalyst, seeing your grandfather's name on that list, black on white, after all those years of not knowing what happened, all those years of wondering why Denmark? Because we both know what your real fascination is with the Nazi occupation of Denmark, and it’s not just academic, it’s very personal…
…No wonder you went to visit Denmark that time: to try and find someone who may have met your grandfather, to find the connection, to make that kill.” 
The inspector raises his voice suddenly, to a frightening level of intensity:-
“I don't believe for an instant that you were calm when you realised that you were finally face-to-face with your grandfather's killer! You must have been consumed with rage, consumed with hatred"
He leans directly over to Lucien, shouting: “It’s true isn’t it, what I say: finally meeting your grandfather’s murderer pushed you over the edge – isn’t it? Isn’t it Lucien?”
The barrage of questions is too much: Lucien is crying now, big tears, gently sobbing, shaking his head, babbling desperately: "No – no! it wasn’t like that! He wanted to help me, to make it right again! His conscience was weighing on him; he was going to confess, he was going to come clean and tell the truth after all the years of silence, and he was on TV, so he had a huge audience to tell the truth to..." He bawls  uncontrollably: “He was going to confess!…”. 
But his fists are clenched, angry, unrepentant perhaps. 
He continues, “Yes, of course, I admit that I had a personal interest in this - the minute I read the list of names it became personal rather than professional, and of course I knew exactly where to find the names on the internet, so it was easy enough to explain the historical connection to Lone without revealing my interest. I must have looked at my grandfather's name on that website every time I needed motivation to do this….” (more sobs: the blonde-haired policeman reaches for the tissue box, but Jones stays his hand – he wants Lucien to remain distraught, uncomforted, until he has told the whole story) “…That’s why I came to Copenhagen, to find someone who may have seen my grandfather – just why did he die in Copenhagen, I needed to know." 
Jones is rallying for another strike, I can see it – the tension in his shoulder muscles despite the apparently relaxed facial expression gives him away.
Lucien must sense it too, as he cuts Jones off brusquely:
“That’s all I have to say about this issue: take me back to my cell. Now! I don’t see how talking to you any more is going to help my case.”
Jones attempts to placate him, worm some more information out of him: 
- “I’m sorry Lucien, please don’t misinterpret me, I just want to know the truth…”
But it is clear that the interview is over: Lucien folds his arms defiantly and turns his chair around so that he is facing the mirror, sideways on to his interrogators. I am disconcerted by suddenly being face-to-face with the man I thought I knew, who is scowling stubbornly into the mirror, straight at me. Again, I am struck by the feeling that he can somehow see through the glass and into my treacherous heart. But I dismiss this feeling quickly: it is clear that he has been the traitor in this relationship long before I took on that role.
I consider the times that I bumped into Lucien - how random was it really? Was our whole relationship a lie, built on a necessary deception? I blink back the tears – despite the rhetoric, I realise that I did feel a connection to Lucien, and the betrayal burns deeply. I realise that I don't know him at all.
The police liaison officer puts her hand on my shoulder. If there is one thing I can't stand, it's pity: I pull away quickly and determinedly, blinking rapidly. I will grieve for this relationship later in the same way asas I grieve for everything else – in private, with a bottle as a companion. 
The liaison officer gets up quietly, continuing to watch me: “Lone, we have to go now, you know that”. I nod, and follow her silently. 
I have seen enough to make my judgement on what really happened to my father that day in Gloucestershire. 

***

The Mindelunde at Ryvangen is a sacred place to the Danes, tied up with even more sacred memories. I remember my Far telling me the story of the area: an old military compound that was requisitioned by the Nazi occupiers and used for imprisoning – and later executing – resistance fighters. 

t is hard to explain Mindelunden’s status to a non-Dane. My Far tried once, in the only way that is possible: he took me as a young child to the memorial service that happens every year at 8pm on the 4th of May, the day before liberation day.

It was late in the evening when we arrived, as I recall it, as I remember that after we came through the compound gates my eyes hurt as they adjusted to the bright candlelight: so many candles, so many graves and memorial stones to be marked by them. But I was perhaps 9 or 10 years old, so the significance was probably lost on me at the time I guess. I remember my Far showing me how to lay flowers on the huge statue behind the graves of the resistance fighters – a gigantic depiction of a ditraught mother carrying her murdered son. Or perhaps I don’t remember the statue from that time – perhaps the memory is from the postcard my Far pinned to his notice board many years later. The mind can deceive.

One thing I do remember, however, is the long walk along the candlelit paths to the excution site – the silence, the stillness! As a child I recall finally understanding the importance of the occasion as the other visitors gradually fell silent as they neared the site. 

My Far pointed out the place where the resistance fighters were tied to wooden posts, now represented by metal copies. We stood in the area where their executioners would have cocked their guns, ready to fire at the white material placed to pinpoint th prisoners’ hearts. A nice tidy death, my Far had explained – oblivion came quickly once the heart was stopped, and the white material ensured that at least one of the executioners would probably hit the target area. 
He was not one for sparing children these kinds of gory details, was my Far. Perhaps it was important to him that I understood the world as it was and is. 
I can see him now, pointing out the areas where the bodies were found buried, whispering solemnly:-
“202 bodies – that’s how many freedom fighters were buried here. And many more have no known graves – that’s the memorial stones we looked at at the front of the park.”
I nod obediently, slyly taking his calloused scientist’s fingers in my soft palm while he continues his gruesome story, animated:
“And those executioners – they were just following orders! That’s what humans can do to each other – do you understand that?” He bends down so that his eyes are level with me, and continues to whisper:-
“Promise me, Lone, that you will always follow your conscience! Whatever career you end up having, I want you to act on your conscience – don’t just follow orders! Do you promise me that?”
I nod obediently, not understanding, but storing up his words for the future. 
I start to fidget while my Far stands for a long while contemplating the execution site, and then the stillness is broken by the sound of the brass band playing muted songs of the Danish fatherland. My father appears to come out of his trance and motions me back to the memorial gathering and the commemoration service. As we wander back, I hear him whisper softly:

“Ingen er glemt, intet er glemt.”

No-one is forgotten, nothing is forgotten. 

***

The liaison officer walks me to the prison cell, her heels clicking loudly on the linoleum floor. Another sparsely decorated room: just a couple of beds, bolted to the floor in case the inmates get too many good ideas. And, of course, a small barred window to the outside world. I peer out and watch the city centre traffic drive past. It is a surreal experience being locked in like this. I take a few deep breaths and shiver involuntarily. The liaison officer, who has until now watched me silently, puts her hand lightly on my shoulder. 
“You take care” she says softly in English. I nod stiffly and move to sit down on the left-hand bed, shivering slightly.
- “It’s really fucking cold in here”, I say at last. 
She nods, understanding: “I’ll go and see if I can change the heating”. 
We both know that she won’t bother. I watch as the liaison officer locks the cell door firmly behind her and leaves me in silence. 
With perfect timing, the door is unlocked a few minutes later and Lucien is led in by Jones’ blonde sidekick. 
“Lone…!” Lucien’s eyes are wide – it obviously had not occurred to him that they might arrest me to. 
I nod gruffly: - “This wasn’t quite what I had in mind when I invited you to a 5-star hotel in central Copenhagen”.
The blonde guy smirks slightly at this, standing in the door-way a second before informing us:
“Dinner’s in three hours – if you need anything before then, just ring the bell”
Again, I nod curtly, watching him leave and lock the door securely. It takes just a few seconds of examining the room to realise that there is no bell. It must be the famed Danish sense of humour that my Far always boasted about.
Lucien stands awkwardly for a moment, and I realize he is trying to judge whether or not to sit on the bed with me, or whether to keep a safe distance. I make the decision for him, patting the space next to me on the mattress invitingly and squashing up towards the cell wall. He looks relieved, and comes to perch next to me. We’re not physically touching, and right now that distance feels enormous.
I want him to start speaking, but for once he seems lost words, nervously fiddling with his wooden jacket buttons. So after waiting a while in an uncomfortable silence I start to probe:-
- “I had a long conversation with the detective we both love to hate…” I begin cautiously; “...is it true, what he told me about you being involved in some group who track the ODESSA? And who are the ODESSA – was my father a member?”
Hi face has turned white from its usually ruddy colour. It’s like he’s somehow overruled his nervous system and forgotten how to breathe. I wonder whether he is trying to work out how much I need to know. How much he can get away with not telling me.
He is unconsciously gripping the edges of the mattress firmly in his hands, and I see for the first time his muscles and how physically strong he is. Up till this moment I have always seen him as the weak one in our relationship, but now I’m not sure. This situations requires soft, feminine persuasion: I move my right hand gently to rest on top of his left hand, and he moves his fingers to interlock with mine, pinning me to the bed. 
And again I begin to see the other, secret, Lucien, usually hidden from view. 
“No Lone,” he says slowly and calmly, staring coldly at the white-washed walls opposite; “Your father was not a member of ODESSA, nor was he helped by them. ODESSA was an organization – or group of sub-organisations - set up in 1946 to aid fugitive SS officers. The name stands for Organisation der ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen, which roughly translates as “Organization of Former Members of the SS.” Its single stated aim was to ensure that all SS officers and high-ranking Nazi officials escaped the long arm of the law…ODESSA assisted with all aspects of the disappearance process – new identities, passports, personal histories, escape routes to Argentina for those high on the war crimes prosecutors lists…You get the picture?”
I nod quietly, and he continues “but the SS never recruited your father, I checked. Of course, there was a Germanic-SS organization in Denmark set up to model the SS itself, called the Schalburg Corps, but it seems that your father was politically neutral – or at least, kept his views to himself.”
I’d heard of this group – they occupied the Freemasons building in Copenhagen as their new headquarters. My father had mentioned it once: he disapproved equally of the freemasons and the Schalburg Corps.
Lucien continues: “Nor was he a member of the Ahnenerbe – the pseudo-scientific sub-group of the SS tasked with the mission of providing proof of the supremacy of the Aryan race among other things, which of course inevitably led to experimentation of those races considered inferior…”
I grimace, there is no need to fill in the details for me.
“…so you see, your father was not senior enough to be involved with the ODESSA – he was just small fry, not worth bothering with. Nor did we ever find his name on any of the ODESSA files that have been captured through SABER missions.”
I digest this information for a moment; it is not enough. I have to know more.
- “But Lucien, if this is true, why did you contact him then – I have to know what happened to him!” 
I blink back the tears fiercely: “Was our relationship nothing but a way of getting to him?” I ask. But I already know the truth, of course. 
Lucien shrinks back slightly on the bed, avoiding my gaze. 
“It may be that it started off that way…he was small fry in the scheme of things, but I realised that he could lead us to the bigger fish…so yes, maybe I wanted to get to him through you in the beginning” he admits reluctantly “…but you have to believe me: as I got to know you, I realized we were meant to be together”. He squeezes my hand tighter, demonstratively: “I fell in love with you Lone. Please forgive me?” He is pleading now: “You have to believe me, Lone please!”
But I feel nothing inside apart from the cold inevitable understanding of what our relationship was really built on. 
- “It’s just not enough, Lucien”, I say woodenly. “You used me, completely and utterly. How can we build a relationship on that?”
Lucien continues, desperately:- “But you’ve always said so yourself Lone: courtships are usually based on deception and selfishness! Surely we are no worse than any other couple – surely we can start again!...We can work together to find out the truth about your father’s death – isn’t that what you want most in the world?”
It’s as if someone has stuck a knife between my ribs and is rotating it slowly, excruciatingly. The pain relating to my Far’s death, the realization that I am sitting in a room with his killer, and the shock that Lucien is still trying to manipulate me through my father are all factors that push me over the edge. 
I seize Lucien’s other hand with my left hand and lean aggressively towards him:-
- “We both know that no further investigations are necessary to find the killer”, I whisper, edging closer to him, so close I could lick his ear in the way I used to do. He is breathing very heavily, like he does when we’re making love. I am reminded of the violent copulation rituals of lions.
I continue to whisper: “You’re right: Love is nothing more than a biological impulse designed to optimise the passage of genes to the next generation…So it’s not impossible that we can start again. But there’s one thing I have to know: just confess to the murder Lucien, just confess – tell me what you did to him! If you confess, we can start again, start afresh…No-one else need ever know – just tell me what happened on that cliff…I have to know the truth before I can move on!”
The force of his arms pulls me back, and his fingers are again interlocking, holding me down on the bed. I feel a stab of fear as I look into his eyes: they are blazing, the eyes of a madman, a murderer. 
“I have no idea what you are talking about…” he says, woodenly. “…Jones has poisoned your mind entirely I fear.” His eyes narrow slightly as he lets go of my left hand and runs his right hand slowly down my body, from my shoulder down to my crotch. He is deathly calm; I can’t tell whether he’s found what he was looking for.
Suddenly he lunges forward, pressing me back against the wall with all his force, his right hand across my mouth so my cries are muffled. 
“Let’s make up, like all lovers should!” he says brightly, in a tone quite un-matched to his angry countenance. He makes loud air-kissing noises to cover my moans as he expertly unbuttons my shirt with one hand while I try to writhe away. 
But it’s useless – soon my naked chest is exposed, together with the thin microphone wiring taped there by the liaison officer some hours before. Lucien takes in the wiring with a snort of disgust:
“You little bitch: I trusted you! I loved you! And you betray me in return!”
I manage to open my mouth slightly and get a good grip on his fingers with my teeth, biting down hard. He releases his hand with a yelp, and slaps me hard around the face with his other hand. My head ricochets against the wall and I cry out in pain. I try to retaliate by punching his balls, but my head is still spinning and I miss, feebly punching the bed mattress with full force. Lucien looks at me pityingly as he rips off the tapes holding the microphone to my chest and holds up the mouthpiece to his lips:
“Inspector, I believe that this interview is over…” he says loudly, his eyes flashing at me.”
It is over. He gets up from the bed and crosses his arms as we both listen to the footsteps running towards the cell door. 

***

“You’re free to go, of course”. The liaison officer smiles at me kindly as we walk down the corridor away from the cell. 
“You’re welcome to stay as long as you like you know…”, she twitters softly. “It must have been a very hard experience to find out who your boyfriend really is…I’m so sorry…”. 
If it’s one thing I can’t stand, it’s pity. I smile a fake smile briefly, then interrupt her:
“I’m just glad to have been of service to the greater good…” I say shortly. The sarcasm is totally lost on the liaison officer unfortunately, and I grimace as she smiles another sickly smile. 
I continue, and am unable to resist a note of pride: 
“…Anyway, I can’t stay here any longer as I have an appointment later this evening. With the top Danish scientist Professor Soeren Damgaard. For a job interview. Because I’m going somewhere with my life, not spending my days ferrying ungrateful prisoners around and pouring coffee, pretending to give a shit." 
I walk forward without looking back, slamming the main door behind me as I emerge into the grey rain of a cold day in Copenhagen, running to hail a taxi. 


***


Chapter 26 


In the back of the taxi, I try to dissect what I have just heard. 
I try to imagine my ex-boyfriend confronting my father, my father falling apart. And I see the cliff edge coming closer and closer, the final push, the dull thud of my Far’s body hitting the ground far below... I wonder how Lucien did it – did he lure his victim out there with a promise of forgiveness? 
My heart goes cold as I realize that he probably brought an ample amount of alcohol along to ensure that my Far was amenable to going up on the cliff edge. Hence the final drinking binge. Lucien might have even feigned a fledgling interest in bird life – that would have caught my father’s attention. A willing pupil, maybe even a way in to my life again…I shiver involuntarily, trying to get away from the sense of shame I feel. 
But one little niggling thought still remains. Surely Lucien would want to keep my father alive for as long as possible: surely he wouldn’t destroy his only “primary source” before he knew the whole truth? Something in this version of events I am imagining makes no sense at all. 
I make a decision and ask the taxi-drive to divert to Soeren’s house instead of heading back to the hotel. I need to catch him alone before the job interview, to hear the rest of my father’s secrets. I have to try: it’s just a question of finding a way to stop the old man clamming up long enough. 

***

I’m in luck; he’s in. The front door stands ajar, propped open by a pot of germaniums. But I ring the doorbell and wait outside until Soeren comes down.
“Lone – what a delight!...But the job interview is scheduled for later tonight!” he adds, confused, standing in the doorway awkwardly. He’s obviously just come back from the lab, dressed in jeans and a faded T-shirt from some scientific conference or other. His belly sags over the top of his trousers, and he looks older somehow, more vulnerable.  
- “I know” I say gently. “But I needed to talk to you about something else. Can I come in?”
“Well of course – of course!” He seems to brighten considerably at the thought.
I wait in his sitting room for a few minutes - curled in one of his designer arm-chairs, wine glass in hand - while he excuses himself to change. He comes in again dressed in a crease-less linen suit and white shirt. Sophisticated get-up – his own brand of camouflage - but it doesn’t completely erase the earlier image I have of him standing, pot-bellied, in his lab clothes. He settles down in the arm-chair next to mine and contemplates the view out of the window down into the courtyard for a moment.
Never much of a small-talker, I decide to cut to the chase:
“It was lovely to visit you yesterday. But…” I hesitate slightly, unsure: “…I felt…I felt that you had more to tell me than was said…My Father had another secret, didn’t he? What did he confide in you – I have to know!”
Soeren leans forward to pour himself a glass of wine. Sips it slowly, staring out of the window again. 
“I thought that I had convinced you” he says slowly. “But that would seem not to be the case. You have the same thought processes as I have - curious, analytical, cynical even. You can read between the lines”.
Mystified at the comparison, I wait for him to continue. 
He fumbles in his jacket pockets for a moment, draws out a small photo, the type used in passports. 
“I was meaning to show this to you last time you came around, but something made me fear that the timing was wrong. If…if I show this to you, will you come and visit me regularly, my dear?”
“Yes of course” I nod, smiling my fake smile. What my father would have called a pie-crust promise: easily made, easily broken. It’s Soeren’s fault for being naive if he believes I would keep to my word.
He passes the photo to me wordlessly, and I examine the smiling face. I recognize the perfectly made-up skin and dark, cropped hair immediately. 
“My mother” I say shortly. Seeing the photo, I can almost smell her lavender perfume, feel her cuddling me as a small child. I don’t want Soeren to see how it affects me: these are private, intimate memories meant only for me. 
He nods solemnly. “Take a look at her eye colour”
I look again, stung at the thought that I don’t know this without looking at a photograph. It feels like a betrayal somehow.
He answers for me. “They’re light blue, like your father’s were.”
He waits expectantly for me to make some connection, but I just continue to stare at the photo wordlessly.
He points at my face, trying to make me understand. “Your own eyes, they are dark green - how is that possible?”
I consider the question for a moment. “Well, it’s known to be a polygenic trait, and we don’t fully understand the full inheritance patterns, I mean, we’re not sure how all the genes interact together…”
Soeren interrupts me suddenly “Piffle! We know something of the basics - we know at least what isn’t possible in terms of genetic crosses, barring a spontaneous mutation!”
He leans over, and I stare into his deep green eyes for a second. Our eyes lock for a while and I understand, finally, what he is trying to tell me. I wonder how long my Far had known that it is not his genes inside of me, but that I am a cuckoo child. 
A cuckoo child with green eyes.
I sit, stunned, taking gulps of wine. It’s too much to take in. The wine has turned to acid in my throat, and Soeren is continuing to talk, as if this revelation has somehow released him. 
“You are the only family I have, Lone” – he laughs – “and what a family! I followed your progress, you are incredible. I find myself wanting to give my legacy to my genetic inheritor, my own progeny.” He reaches down to the magazine rack, passes me a single sheet of paper that was lying amongst the newspapers. 
“I want to offer you the opportunity to become my legal heir – the flat, the business, everything. I want you to become CEO of Eden Genetics Inc. after my death, and I’m 82 now, so it will be sooner rather than later. Join me now, and I will prepare you for it.”
He is asking me to betray me Far wholly and completely.

***

My mind flits back to a school holiday at Symond’s Yat as a young teenager. 
My Far is visiting a PhD student stationed at the bottom of the Yat valley, along the banks of the river. As usual I tag along, the dutiful daughter. Pleased to be taken inside his secret world every so often. Delighted to be noticed, or at least spoken to now and again. Already learning the secret vocabulary of biologists, wanting to integrate, be a part of this elite world.
I remember the student vaguely. She was a clone of every other Cambridge biology PhD student - keen, young, naive, wanting to save the world (or at least to get her name on a few scientific papers in journals with the right impact factor). Perhaps she had light brown hair? My memory is hazy, I remember more what she said than how she looked. 
But my memories of my Far from that day are crystal clear; I can almost reach out and touch him, finger his khaki clothes, his hiking sandals (worn over the obligatory socks, of course). 
We are sitting in a hide by the water’s edge, and the PhD student is getting him up to speed on her project:
“I was lucky enough to get the actual event on film - it only took the female common cuckoo 13.1 seconds to land on the next, eject an egg and lay an egg in its place”, she whispers, her voice full of pride. She is already imagining using the video in her next PhD project lecture, I can hear. 
We watch quietly as the reed warbler parent darts back and forth to its nest. A tiny brown bird with a buff-coloured underbelly, it makes a ridiculous counterpart to the enormous cuckoo chick balanced precariously atop the spindly reed nest it is being raised in. The parent always manages to come with some choice insect morsel or other for its grotesque charge, a dark grey and white stripy bundle of fat and feathers, so bulky that it almost looks malformed. Its beak gapes wide open, exposing the orange-red colouring inside. Begging for food heartlessly while the parents labour on, exhausted.
The student continues on in a low voice, explaining her investigations of how female cuckoos select suitable hosts. She outlines how she intends to examine preferences for particular habitats and nest sites, and my Far nods approvingly. They discuss environmental imprinting of brood parasites for a while, and I listen obediently.
The student turns to me kindly after a while, wrongly assuming that I’m bored. She shows me photos of some of the eggs laid by female cuckoos and explains that different individual females specialize in parasitizing different host species, with each female’s eggs mimicking one particular host species. 
I know this already - cuckoos have been investigated seriously by many proponents of evolutionary theory, including Darwin himself. I’ve read the papers. I don’t like being patronized, even at this young age. 
I ask her a seemingly simple question. I know she won’t have a direct answer, and I want to punish her for patronizing me.
“But what puzzles me is this - why do the reed warblers and all the other species care for these parasitic young? Surely it reduces their own reproductive success, and would be strongly selected against?”
My Far laughs under his breath as the student, flustered, tries to explain the various hypotheses, then he interrupts her flow with a raised hand:-
“No - no! You’ve got it all wrong! Look at that little reed warbler father…” (he gesticulates vaguely in the direction of the nest site). “…He’s not stupid! He’s hooked, you see, from the moment that little cuckoo was born.”
He stares out into space, past the next-site, and continues more thoughtfully:-
“Just look at that little chick! Her insistent, heartbreaking hunger calls, her intensely coloured gape! He can’t help but fall in love with her - that’s how it is...Look how happy he is each time he manages to bring her a morsel of food - see how he claps his wings excitedly! He’s hooked - she’s like a drug to him!” 
The PhD student shifts uncomfortably, confused by this unorthodox explanation of a natural phenomenon. She laughs awkwardly, guessing it is a sophisticated joke that she hasn’t quite twigged. 
I stay quiet; I’m not used to my Far being sentimental like this. I conclude that it must be some kind of strange after-effect of the vodka he has concealed in the extra water-bottle slung around his neck.

***

I sit silently, pretending to read the document that Soeren has offered me, although the words themselves are nothing but a blur. I know that he is waiting for an answer, but it is too much; my mind can’t seem to process the facts of the situation. 
You can’t undo a lifetime of bonding - however shaky the foundations - simply by altering the biological facts of a situation. 
My thoughts are interrupted by the sound of a figure coming up the wooden staircase. I put down the sheet of paper quickly, grateful for the interruption.
I see Soeren’s look of surprise and turn around to see Lucien, newly released from the central police station.
“Lucien!” I start, but then stop myself from saying more when I see what he is holding in his right hand.
It’s a small gun, a pistol, pointed directly at Soeren. And the grim expression on Lucien’s face tells me that he’s not afraid to use it.
  

***


Chapter 27


Soeren raises his hands into the air, slowly and calmly. “What is that you want? There must be some mistake!”
-“I’m sorry to interrupt your little family reunion” sneers Lucien. “But I’m afraid I couldn’t let Lone listen to any more lies about what really happened during the war…Your re-invention is almost complete, isn’t it?” 
He takes a few slow steps forward and reaches down to place a small tape recorder on the coffee table in front of me. Then he stands next to my chair, continuing to aim the pistol at Soeren. He is so close that I can smell his sweat, sense his adrenaline-pumped state.
-“Let’s start talking, shall we?” says Lucien again, his voice still frighteningly calm and controlled. “For instance, you can tell us your real name ….”
Soeren laughs a forced laugh. “You’re crazy! I don’t know what you’re talking about! This is my real identity! It was Hendrik who was the war criminal - I have nothing to hide, nothing at all to hide! I only know what Hendrik has told me - please believe me!” He turns desperately to look at me, still smiling slightly.
Lucien is shaking his head “I’m afraid that that just isn’t good enough”, he says calmly. “Maybe this will jog your memory…”
He leans over as if to hug my face, but suddenly I feel the kiss of cold steel against the side of my head. 
 “Jesus Christ…don’t shoot – don’t shoot my daughter!” 
“Lucien, this is crazy! Please don’t do this!” I try to reach him, find a connection to channel through the hate. “I’m really sorry about your grandfather, that must be an awful burden to bear. But it was my father, not Soeren”
-“Don’t take me for a fool” snaps Lucien; “I’m quite frankly amazed that you didn’t see it for yourself, but I didn’t want to involve you unless absolutely necessary. Take a look at this again!”
He reaches slowly, gently inside his jacket using his left hand and passes me a photo, which I quickly recognise as the photo of the group C patient being injected with the D-501. I stare again at the balding man being injected in his arm; taking in again that eerie smile, the striped hospital pyjamas.
“I don’t understand”, I say gently, keen not to antagonise anyone holding a gun to my head. I breathe deliberately deeply, taking in extra oxygen, determined to maintain enough calm so that my hands don’t shake while I’m studying the picture. Show no fear. 
Lucien answers me sharply, all the time focussing on Soeren, checking that he doesn’t make any false moves.
-“Don’t look at the patient – look at the doctor doing the injecting…The bastard actually administering the D-501!”
And then I understand; I don’t know why I couldn’t see it before. A young, white-coated, anonymous figure, almost invisible against the white-walled hospital. Professional figures are often considered a part of the furniture. But the features of this professional are almost chiselled into his gently smiling face, and I can see the likeness immediately despite the effect of the years. I imagine the photo in colour, can visualise those bright green eyes. 
It seems that my biological father committed far worse war crimes than my Far ever did. And he smiled while he did it.
“Is it true…?” I breathe, turning to Soeren. I want him to deny it, want him to come with an explanation, tell me that the photo is a falsification. He refuses to answer, laughs nervously. I don’t blame him: the age-old instinct for self-preservation is strong in any organism. 
But Lucien understands something that I have momentarily forgotten – that the principle of protecting one’s offspring can sometimes override even the instinct of self-preservation.
- “Still hesitating, Soeren? Perhaps this will jog your memory further….”
There is a loud click as Lucien cocks the gun against my head; I can feel the vibrations going through my skull. 
I continue to practice the deep breathing, standing stock still so as not to antagonise Lucien. And observe the two men silently trying to figure each other out. 
Soeren must be thinking the same as I am: Will He Shoot? I can’t tell: this is Real Lucien, not the weak Lucien I have previously known, and I am lost.
Lucien stares stonily, holding Soeren’s gaze unafraid, with the old man eventually looking down. A decision is made and the bird starts to sing, gently, almost in a whisper: 
“ODESSA have been kind to me…”. Lucien sighs a long, drawn-out sigh; I realise that he has been holding his breath since cocking the gun. 
- “Oh yes, ODESSA offer a fabulous service, from the cradle to the grave”, answers Lucien, sardonically. “That’s not enough: I need the details - the names, telephone numbers, the lot”
“Yes, yes! I’ll give them to you, just for pity’s sake put down the gun…”
- “Oh yes, I’m sure you’d continue to talk if I did that…”. Soeren grimaces again at the dripping sarcasm. “…Let’s start at the beginning: what is your real name? I’m guessing that it’s Soeren something – isn’t that right? That’s the ODESSA principle, isn’t it Soeren? To keep the cover story for the new identity as close to the SS officer’s real identity as possible, to prevent the deception from being revealed by a careless mistake.”
A wry smile, an attempt to placate his interrogator: “You are well-informed…yes that is correct. My birth-name was Soeren Schmidt – you can understand that I wanted to change that after the war!”
Out of the corner of my eye, I see that Lucien nods curtly, pleased. But I keep focused on Soeren, curious despite my fear. 
 “I first met Hendrik - Lone’s step-father - at Copenhagen University, during the war years.” My stomach tightens: the first admission about my Far. He is prepared to sing to save my life.
He continues. “I was studying at the time at the Wilhelm Institute of Anthropology, Human Hereditary and Eugenics. In Germany, you understand. I am half-German.”
Now I understand the slightly different vowels in his spoken Danish: not Gentofte, but Germany, must have been the source. 
“Lone’s father was young and idealistic, a brilliant student of statistics without equal in his generation. We recruited him to our research projects in Denmark, in return for government funding. He agreed immediately, without even knowing what the project was. Money was so scarce, you see.” 
It occurs to me that some things never change in academia. 
“I was idealistic too, but in a different way. I wanted – still want! - to do so much for society!  Imagine if we could create an entirely egalitarian society today: equalled from birth in beauty, intelligence, and health!  We could reduce today’s burden of the outdated Danish welfare system!
“What are you talking about” snarls Lucien, “is eugenics!”.
Soeren tuts loudly: “Such a dirty word! I'm not talking about eugenics; merely about race hygiene… all it is is the improvement of the human race...Just look at how society is disintegrating - we can already see the results of the changing ratio of births between the upper and lower classes due to the availability of the Pill and abortion”
He enunciates the word abortion distastefully, as though even the thought of upper class genes being wasted disgusts him. “Rewarding instead the council house teenage mothers who do nothing other than reproduce on society's money. “he snorts and points demonstratively at me: “while those who should pass on their genes choose not to!” 
I can feel the familiar anger rising within me again. Despite the danger, I can't resist the bait:- “Why should I want to pass on your genes?”
He is visibly stung, hurt by my comment. But continues:
“You see my dear, humans have moved on! Think of the earliest caveman - out hunting wild animals with stones, living in cold and draughty caves. So many inadequacies, so many possibilities for improvements.  Now, we live in the age of houses, bathroom and kitchen appliances, plumbing, industrialised agriculture...  There is no reason why our genome, our genetic code, shouldn't move with the times: we can already see so many inadequacies, so many possibilities for improvement.” he closes his eyes, meditatively. “A faster evolution than your father ever thought possible. A race with higher IQs, social skills, beauty quotients, health.  A nation of perfect humans. Think if we could make a birth design catalogue for potential parents to choose gene optimising features. The beauty is that the genetic changes would be transmitted to their next-generation, through the germ-line.”
It feels like he has given this talk many times before, has repeated these misconceptions for years. 
“It’s not possible”, I say flatly. “we have no idea what governs most of the factors you mention. At most, they are multifactorial, and probably including an enormous amount of environmental influence. And even if you could, I can't imagine that any government would sanction such an abhorrent concept as a birth catalogue!” 
He smiles slightly. “You'd be surprised.  Yes, I agree that there is no political interest that these concepts in Germany now” - he laughs hollowly – “but it's not so long ago that countries such as the US required compulsory sterilisation of degenerate citizens, and India is of course very used to deselecting female children. My idea is only one step on from that!”
Deselecting: such a clinical term, wholly removed from the reality.
Lucien interrupts Soeren’s monologue for the first time: 
“So now you're sanctioning infanticide in the name of society”. 
Soeren nods slowly “But it’s not infanticide you see - the embryos can’t feel, can’t think, they’re just balls of cells! I see it as a possible early phase of our technology: selection of the most genetically fit embryos and offspring from a successful couple aiming to create the perfect family.  The first-generation business model could then be later developed into a business model whereby the selected embryos are then analysed and optimised further by our gene transfer technology”. He glances meaningfully at the white folder containing my scientific articles.
A stab of horror goes through my body: now I understand why he was so keen to recruit me. How delicious this must have felt to him: the thought that his biological daughter could finish his life’s work. 
Again, I feel unable to maintain the sense of calm any longer:
“Uh-uh - no way! That was certainly not the reason I have devoted my life to developing improved gene vectors!”
Soeren makes as if to speak, to contradict me, but Lucien interrupts him quickly:-
“So that is why you killed my grandfather in Group B – some kind of eugenics fantasy world? Good God - what a bloody waste!”
It is the first time I have heard Lucien swear, and it frightens me. He is losing the plot here. He continues, out of control for a brief moment: “You’ve no idea how much the loss of someone you’ve never truly known can poison your soul - poison your whole family! That‘s what you’ve done to me, that’s what you’ve done to us!”
Soeren looks genuinely taken aback for a few moments, his eyes sparkling with sudden understanding. 
“I’m so very sorry Lucien - I didn’t know that one of our patients was your grandfather”, he muses, “they were just numbers to me. One has to keep a professional distance from one’s subjects”. 
I can feel the anger rise in Lucien again. He snorts loudly. 
“They were not subjects, they were people. 42 people, murdered for no good reason.”
Soeren is shaking his head again. “No – that’s just not true! The project had a very noble aim indeed! No-one – not least your grandfather - died in vain! Just let me try to explain it…“
The tension in the room is electric now; I wonder whether this is what Lucien came for – not to murder Soeren, but to hear the long-sought after truth of what happened to his Grandfather.
Soeren looks unsure for a moment, and then starts his tale:-
“Perhaps Lone can help me explain this – it’s a bit of a complex area. You are familiar with the concept of genotype-specific disease strains?” he asks, directing the question at me. 
I nod. “Of course: they are diseases associated with individuals having specific genes. The simplest examples are patients having a single faulty gene causing a disease, for instance recessive genes, which only cause disease if present in two faulty copies, like the textbook examples of cystic fibrosis and sickle cell anaemia. But the risk can also be multifactorial and highly complex - like for diabetes or heart disease.” 
Soeren nods: “Exactly! And the group also includes diseases which are specific to certain subsets of the human population, particularly unfit subsets of the human population”. 
I can hear Lucien drawing in his breath sharply, but Soeren continues unperturbed:
“We were searching for a magic bullet to target and improve mankind’s genotype, mankind’s genetic fitness – we were looking to improve the human race as a whole!”
Lucien interrupts him: “And there was one genetic group you were looking to target in particular, wasn’t there?”
Soeren looks gratefully at Lucien, misunderstanding his grave tone. 
“Why yes – as a matter of fact, there was! I was given the task of finding a way to improve the genetic destiny of the Jewry – a type of early gene therapy to improve their genetic lot and help them to become a part of society.”
Raw race prejudice is most frightening when it comes from a man of science.
I can see that Lucien’s face has paled, and he is struggling to remain calm. Myself, I have a leaden feeling in my stomach as I know exactly what is coming next.
 “This medicine….” I ask quietly “…was it designed to be used as some way of targeting Jewish populations?” I add, out of scientific curiosity: “How is that possible, with the enormous amount of hereditary variation you must have expected?”
Soeren nods eagerly:
“Yes – yet again that’s exactly right, my daughter! That’s exactly the concept! 
D-501 was an influenza virus that swept the Jewish camp of Dachau, however the really interesting thing was that not one of the prison guards was affected at all.  So the hypothesis was that the virus must be somehow specific to the Jewish nation only, without being able to infect Aryan citizens!”
Lucien looks puzzled. “That’s all very well, but explain to me how that was helpful to Nazi principles?”
Again, I already know the answer. My skin crawls with the understanding of what my Far was involved in. 
Soeren nods solemnly. “Yes of course – it is important you understand what we were aiming to do. It was a project that would take several decades to carry through, but the Nazis believed in the concept. Let me try to explain…The hope was that once we had found a virus specific to Jews, we could somehow spend some years developing what we would today term an attenuated strain, by which I mean a viral strain that is not harmful, but still infects Jews - you know, a harmless virus. After that, I planned to spend some years working out how to alter the attenuated virus and use it to deliver medicines and improving agents to the Jewish nation, simply by releasing the virus into the adult population. The virus would only infect the Jewish population: the non-Jewish population – who didn’t need the improvements anyway – would encounter the virus but not be infected! It was a visionary idea in those days, of course, we had so little knowledge of genetics, and certainly no knowledge of how to modify the virus to do this. But in the long term, it was believed that we could. And I was right: now we are beginning to develop these types of capabilities, albeit using better vectors.  Lone can tell you all about that of course!”
- “This has nothing to do with my research” I mutter quietly. I shrink towards the floor, try to make myself smaller somehow. “I doubt that the virus was found to be specific in any case, given the huge variety of Jewish genetic backgrounds…”
Lucien circles the end of the gun carelessly around my ear to ensure that he still has Soeren’s full attention:-
“Tell me about populations A, B and C, Soeren. What was special about group C that made sure that they survived while all the As and Bs died?”
Soeren sighs. “I can’t remember which group was which exactly…But I know that group C was ordinary Danes recruited to take part in what they believed was a Phase I clinical trial for malaria medicine. It was all top secret, you understand…”
Of course – the “government” did not like to dirty its hands in public at that time when it was still trying to convince the Danes of the legitimacy of the Nazi rule.“…Groups A and B were from concentration camps across Germany…A group of Jews and  a group of political prisoners….I remember we checked their family histories very thoroughly to ensure there wasn’t a drop of Jewish blood on either side. Also, we ensured that none had gone through Dachau of course, that would also have skewed the results significantly…” He looks proud at this twisted use of the scientific method. 
Lucien still looks confused. “But both sets of concentration camp prisoners died – how is that possible for a virus that is supposedly specific to Jews?” he questions sharply.
Again, I know the answer before Soeren can answer. 
- “Let me guess…” I say softly,  “…the virus wasn’t specific for Jews at all – it was just that it was only giving symptoms in prisoners who were already weakened due to the harshness of concentration camp life. It was the prisoners’ weakened and malnourished state that meant they couldn’t fight it off. There was no point continuing with the virus as it showed no specificity to genetic backgrounds at all.”
Soeren looks angry, frowning and looking down at the floor for a second
“Well, yes, that’s one possible explanation for the results…I however prefer to take the more optimistic view that…”But Lucien interrupts again: “So it was a complete and utter waste of human life! My grandfather died as a political prisoner by being administered a deadly virus for no reason at all!”
Soeren is quiet now – he has finally sensed Lucien’s instability.
Lucien looks directly at me for the first time, and I can hear that his breathing has increased so rapidly that he is almost gasping. The colour in his face has also increased, and I watch nervously out of the corner of my eye as he tries to collect himself. I’ve never seen him like this before.
He starts to caress my face with his left hand, gently rolling the end of the gun around my ear again with the other. I stay stock still, determined not to antagonise him any further than Soeren already has. He starts to speak, and despite his breathing difficulties, he enunciates the words slowly and clearly in a low voice. 
- “Did I ever tell you Lone, why I hate Soeren’s generation of Germans so much?”
I shake my head slowly, calmly, counting to ten inside my head to try and maintain my composure, but he has continued his monologue even before I do this.
- “It’s those damned bottles – they tell me everything I need to know about that generation of Krauts…” I look down at the floor, uncomprehending, while he turns dreamily towards Soeren again. 
- “You know what I mean don’t you? The bottles buried at Ryvangen?”
Soeren stares at me for a second, begging for help, and stays silent when it is clear that I have no idea either. 
But Lucien supplies the answer himself, staring intensely at Soeren. “Clean, meticulous, scientific murderers, that’s what they were, the Germans at Ryvangen. They listed everything – time of death, cause of death, every small detail about the prisoners before that moment. And listed the names of the bodies buried in the mass graves on bits of paper, before shoving the paper into bottles and burying the bottles with the bodies. Neat, tidy, efficient. Every loose end tied up. Killing and then cataloguing the enemy. That’s what your generation is like, isn’t it Soeren? Isn’t it?”
He moves the gun from my head and points it directly at Soeren. If I watch really closely, I can see that his hand is shaking ever so slightly as he does this. I wonder if it’s the nerves of a first kill or whether he has already been through this process many times before. I’m not sure I want to know the answer in any case. 
Soeren stiffens slightly and raises an eyebrow. But he faces the gun with a stoney face, motionless.
It occurs to me that there’s something I still need to know from the old man: something in the way that he carelessly said now we are beginning to develop these types of capabilities…
I interrupt the silence quickly; I have to ask the question:
“It’s still going isn’t it – the Jewish project?”
Bad idea to get involved: the gun swiftly reverts to the side of my head while Lucien barks “Answer the question Soeren!”
Again the crazed light comes into the old man’s eyes, and I watch him become filled with an unnatural liveliness:
“Yes, yes – that’s right again Lone! Of course, we couldn’t leave such a perfect scheme alone: my own personal side project here at the company has been to continue this work, and indeed after exhaustive data collection I have identified some Jewish lineage genetic islands in the Jewish gene pool…So the project is still continuing, albeit in another form. And I’m still at the early stages: we need to start work on gene delivery technologies if we are to make a viable genetic cure. Of course, it’s a top secret project -  the data are so sensitive that they are only stored on my laptop. You might be wondering how we got the money to finance such a project, in fact it was a group associated to ODESSA who provided the start-up money, then due to our other – more public – projects we became self-financing.” 
- “Holy shit!” Lucien swears. “So the project was not discontinued, as Lone’s father had recommended”. Soeren’s face reddens as he forgets his situation for a moment:
“I’m Lone’s true father! Don’t call that bastard her father! It’s me!” He recovers slightly “But you’re right otherwise – ODESSA felt that the project contained special merit, so I was encouraged to continue it in secret”. 
I have to know the truth. “Did my father, I mean, Hendrik – did he know what the project was really about?” Soeren laughs now, a harsh laugh from the throat.
“No, of course not Lone – he was just a student called in to help with the statistics and scientific conclusions...” A look of distaste passes momentarily over his face: “…He actually tried to stop the original project when he found out what type of data he had been given to analyse. No – he was just following orders; it was me who designed the protocol and injected the subjects with the virus.” I have seen the far-away expression on his face thousands of times in the scientific world: professional pride at a job well done. 
But I ignore Soeren’s reaction to allow myself to take in what he has just said. The relief – my Far was not as involved as I had feared, he was not a monster of this kind! The relief penetrates my whole being. 
But it is soon replaced by doubt: I wonder why my father didn’t come clean with the Danish government after the war, given that he apparently didn’t support the research. Even tried to stop it (again, I feel a swell of relief – even pride – at this detail).
Soeren soon answers my thoughts though, with obvious disapproval:
“He was persuaded by several high-ranking members of the newly-liberated Danish government that it would not help post-war Denmark to re-open old wounds. The project was suddenly re-classified as a shameful episode and buried, all documents should have been shredded”. He sniffs disapprovingly; regretting the waste. “And of course, the same government agreed to their side of the bargain: they kept his mouth shut by sponsoring his studies right up to his first post-doctoral work.”
So my Far sold his soul for a pool of grant money. The pride I am feeling fades away as suddenly as it came. Soeren turns to me, smiling gently, as if reading my mind. “Most academics can be bought in return for grant money, you know that! And Hendrik was fortunate - there wasn’t much post-war grant money going round, I can tell you. We kept in contact now and again, as I had promised ODESSA to keep an eye on his activities. But then things got even easier – I found the perfect way of ensuring he kept his mouth shut”
Again, another piece of the puzzle falls into place. “My mother” I whisper. I picture the two of them together; his hands on her porcelain white skin. I want to vomit, get rid of the bile in my stomach.
He looks surprised. “No Lone – it was you. You were the perfect way of ensuring his silence.”
Strangely, I feel nothing at all at this new revelation. I have been getting all too used to this feeling of being personally manipulated for other purposes lately. Nothing can shock me anymore. 
He continues solemnly: “Maybe I was in love with your mother – she believed that she was in love with me, that’s what matters! I gave her attention, that was what she craved, she was like a wilted flower, thirsting after any kind of water, any kind at all. Your father crippled her with his neglect – he was always in his own world, working on his projects, his dreams…”
Some things never change at any rate. 
“And then the inevitable happened of course - she became pregnant with our love child. Hendrik, not knowing the truth, was certainly ecstatic– you became the apple of his eye! The only thing that could make him put down his books, you were his everything!” 
I try to imagine this in the context of my recent relationship with my father, but it is difficult to relate what Soeren is saying to my experience of reality. 
He continues, oblivious to my reactions:
“We told him the truth – together - just before her death from terminal cancer. He was devastated by the betrayal, but the strange thing was that it didn’t seem to affect his love for you, even though he knew that you weren’t his child. In fact he was strangely desperate that you would never find out.”
Lucien interrupts him angrily: “And you couldn’t resist using this apparent weakness to your own ends, could you? Let me guess how the rest of the story goes: you promised to get out of Hendrik’s life in return for your silence. Otherwise, you would tell Lone the truth.” 
Soeren has the grace to look slightly ashamed, shifting on his feet nervously. 
- “Yes – he agreed only too readily to the proposal.”
He looks over at me apologetically. “You were just a child, Lone. I felt no connection to you then! It was only later when I started following your work as a young researcher – going to your lectures, your scientific presentations at conferences - that I realised what it is to be a biological father. Such a connection that we have!
I try to contain the repulsion that is still building inside. 
- “But had ODESSA known then that he was in possession of the evidence from the Medical Institute’s archives, they may have chosen a different, more permanent method of shutting him up…” That faraway look returns. 
Again, I see the patterns falling together to make a whole. “He showed you the files recently, didn’t he?”, I ask. 
“Oh yes, he visited me recently in Denmark to confront me with them. But although I warned ODESSA of the problem immediately after he visited me, they couldn’t find the files in his hotel room or his suitcase despite ransacking them both carefully. It was like they had disappeared off the face of the earth.”
“But they hadn’t”, commented Lucien, “they had been placed in the one location that ODESSA wouldn’t think of looking: a well-guarded public library stuffed with enough historical material to drown the significance of this one little folder. He must have hoped that one of the librarians would eventually get round to cataloguing the files and would understand the significance Or maybe he was planning on leaving them there for safekeeping and retrieving them at a later date, when the danger had passed. ” 
Soeren is surprised. “So that’s how you got hold of the information! I did wonder how it was possible.” He looks thoughtful: “But what about the CD-ROM that I saw my daughter carrying in Hall?”
It hits me that he is referring to me. Not “Lone”, but “my daughter”. Another tiny spider’s thread of gossamer, an attempt to draw me closer to him. 
Lucien answers. “He showed the symbol to me just before he travelled to Denmark, and I stole the CD from his office as it had the same symbol on it. I had no idea how to interpret the gene sequences, but I knew it had to be important. So I planted it in Lone’s pigeonhole, as I knew that she would be able to unravel the patterns, find the names.” 
Soeren looks pleased suddenly, as if recalling a private joke. “Did you find the extra information on the CD-ROM?”
Lucien and I are both caught off-guard by this comment. What extra information? Soeren chuckles are our bemused expressions, obviously satisfied.
“Let me show you what I mean …I need a pen….” His hand darts inside his linen jacket quickly, fumbles around for a second. 
My head feels lighter and Lucien draws away from me, points the gun at Soeren instead – “Hey, stop right there, don’t move - hands up!”
But it is too late. I glimpse the flash of metal that Soeren is grasping, pointing at Lucien. 
I hear the loud explosion as a bullet is fired at Lucien, and the sound of Lucien gasping, clutching his chest.
The quieter sound of Lucien sliding gently, almost gracefully, to the floor.
And the realisation that I am splattered with droplets of my ex-boyfriend’s blood, Lucien’s blood.
I stand stock still, watching as Soeren stares down for a moment at the Luger in his hand, almost as though he can’t believe that he has shot a bullet out of it. He moves to slip something small into his shirt pocket, probably an extra bullet, I guess. Just in case. Then he walks calmly towards to the tape recorder, and I wait for the inevitable loud click as it is switched off. 
Some instinct makes me crouch behind Lucien, hugging him, trying to locate the entry wound and stem the bleeding. There is so much blood, it is hard to find, but I realise that Lucien is still conscious as his hand is able to weakly guide mine to the right spot. I hear him wince in pain as I wrap my neck scarf on top and apply pressure. I can feel the arteries below pulsing, can feel the blood seeping out. This doesn’t look good – things are going too fast, he is going to lose too much blood. I push against the entry site with all my might, aware that Lucien’s face is draining of colour from a ruddy to a pale pink tone.
“For pity’s sake, let me ring for an ambulance…” I plead with Soeren. I try applying some desperate psychology: “Please…dear father! Just give me this one thing...”
Soeren eyes me curiously, not understanding. 
“Why should I do that?” he asks mildly. “I’ve just shot him in the chest with the intention of killing him. Now get away dear, so I can take him out of his misery…”
I feel the dull chill of understanding: there is no arguing with a psychopath. My biological father is clearly a human being with no capacity for empathy, living by an entirely different rule book. 
But it also occurs to me that you can’t fire a gun in such a highly populated area as Christianshavn without the neighbours ringing the police. They wouldn’t want blood on their Arne Jakobsen creations, or course, and murders do tend to reduce the house price in even the most exclusive Copenhagen areas. 
So I play for time. 
As Soeren aims again to finish Lucien off, gesturing impatiently at me to move away, I continue to hug him to my chest, propping him up, and try some ad-hoc bargaining tactics:
 “OK…OK! I’ll let you shoot Lucien soon, but if we are to be in family together we need to be honest with each other… How did Hendrik really die?...It’s important for me to know the truth.”
I am surprised how calm I am, as though I am asking a simple question at a scientific seminar, or discussing some anomalous results with one of my lab colleagues. Not a question hanging on a thread between life and death.
Soeren looks momentarily surprised. 
“He was drunk out of his mind Lone! Its obvious enough what happened, I’m afraid. Do you really honestly think that I, your own father, would have something to do with a thing like that? It was just a terrible, tragic accident”
As an afterthought, he adds: “It’s a dreadful genetic illness, drunkenness. You are lucky to have better genes, my dear.”
I smile tightly. It occurs to me that Soeren doesn’t know his biological daughter very well. 
It also occurs to me that no-one apart from me and Wheedle knew about my father’s drunkenness at Symond’s Yat on that fateful night. There’s one, inescapable conclusion that fits, fits very well with the facts: Soeren must have been there at the cliff-top. 
I feel a momentary gush of relief at finally guessing the truth, but I can’t release myself from the thought of the horror unfolding. I can see how easy it must have been: turning up to speak to my Far, realising he was drunk out of his mind, persuading him to write a short note to me at the cliff-top (perhaps with a view to a reconciliation: it occurs to me suddenly that the “suicide note” could have been a fragment of a larger whole); that final push - perhaps nothing more than a nudge - off the edge. Being cool-headed enough to burn the caravan after finding out that his daughter has started sniffing around, to ensure all traces are gone. And then the ultimate prize: now he can tell me the truth of his paternity after following my progress for all these years. Without the fear of being exposed by my Far.
Lucien starts to moan in pain, and I can see that his face is becoming white and drained, but I can do no more than press harder on his wound. I cannot focus: I feel the redness come over me, the loss of control as I realise the evil that has been carried out in my name, can feel the acid raising in my stomach. I can’t hide my feelings any longer.
“You bastard - you killed my Far in cold blood! That’s despicable! You may be my biological father, but you’re not even half the man my real Father was!”
I can see that he is visibly shaken by my un-erring defence of my Father. He spits at me, angry, uncontrolled:- 
“Talk sense, you silly girl! Hendrik was a good-for-nothing drunkard - he deserved it!” 
Finally: I feel a flood of pain and relief at Soeren’s admission. He continues, shouting now: 
“…if your father had lived in Germany, he would have been under the 1933 sterilisation law - “eugenics in the service of public welfare” - compulsory sterilisation in cases of mental defects, hereditary epilepsy...And severe alcoholism. Think if he had passed on those genes to you! Thank god you have my genes instead!”
Again , I think of how little he really knows about me. It is the small push I needed to sense a closeness with my real father, even if it is the recognition of a shared vice. 
My voice is steady, controlled. “I am - and will always be – my Far’s child! I will always be the daughter of Dr. Hendrik Christensen, always!”
He raises the gun slowly, an agonised look on his face: “You don’t know what you’re saying, stop this my daughter, stop this madness! You can only love me - it’s biologically determined…!”
Soeren’s hand is shaking violently - initially, I can’t work out whether it’s because of his arthritis or because he is debating whether or not to kill me. It’s probably the latter as the shaking subsides, slowly and surely, until he has me squarely in his sights. 
I focus on the barrel of the Luger, strangely unafraid. I can feel a calmness envelop me for the first time, a knowledge that my choice of allegiances is right, regardless of the consequences. Perhaps this is my first official declaration of love for my father without any strings being attached. 
But the moment is broken by the door behind us springing open and a now-familiar figure leaping forward, brandishing another gun and running in front of me and Lucien. I’ve never been so glad to see Jones as I am right now. 

***

The detective speaks in a loud, clear voice: “Drop the gun or we’ll shoot! We’ve got snipers on the opposite roof, poised and ready – just look through the window and you’ll see them!”
Soeren takes a step backwards, surprised by Jones’ entrance. Then he seems to recover himself and takes another, more measured step back to take in the view through the window. 
Jones speaks again in the same steady voice: “There would appear to be no alternative: you are surrounded. Put the gun down on the desk, Soeren, then raise your arms above your head. You know it’s the only sensible thing to do right now…” 
A moment of stillness, and then Soeren moves to puts the gun down slowly on the desk. Quietly, firmly; as though he is somehow the one who is in control of the situation. He starts to talk, in a low voice:
“So you’ve finally found me after all these years – well done sir. Well done indeed, I had begun to believe that I was indeed invincible…”
But at the same time, his hand goes slowly to his shirt pocket. 
It is Jones who understands, and jumps forward towards Soeren: “Oh no you don’t, old man! You’re not getting away from me now...!” 
But Soeren’s hand reaches his mouth before Jones can stop him, and we all hear the ominous crunching sound. 
Now I understand too: it wasn’t a bullet but a glass capsule. 
The next moments happen very quickly. Jones is trying desperately to empty Soeren’s mouth with a pocket handkerchief, but it is not enough to prevent the old man falling down, his body starting to shake and convulse violently. 
My biological father looks up at me one last time, beseeching, “Lone!”, gesturing at a shelf behind him. But I can’t understand the rest of his speech, and his eyes are already starting to glaze over.
 Undercover officers flood into the room as Soeren’s convulsions start, and Jones continues to try and rinse out Soeren’s mouth, taking out small handfuls of the froth and foam uselessly, swearing under his breath. A paramedic finally enters and attempts to inject what I presume is Kelocyanor, but it is too late, I can see from her disappointed face. She rushes over to Lucien instead, and I let her take over without a word.
A group of around 15 people assemble around Soeren’s lifeless body, and it occurs to me that Lucien was right: ODESSA really does look after its members, from the cradle to the grave.


***


Chapter 28


Lucien groans softly each time the ambulance drives over an uneven section of the road, and I watch helplessly as he is hooked up to various machines and drips. He seems to be drifting in and out of consciousness, murmuring to himself. I can tell by the quiet looks exchanged between the two paramedics that things look bad. Hell, I can see it myself in Lucien’s ghostly white face.
But he still has the energy reserves to somehow gently grasp my hand, despite the tubes and gauze protruding in all directions. I notice for the first time that my fingers are still covered with his blood, but I don’t move to wash them. 
Lucien opens his mouth slightly, searches for my face with his eyes in a confused fashion, barely conscious. 
“Lone…” he whispers, barely audible, still trying to focus on my face with his eyes.
- “Don’t talk, you idiot”, I whisper back. “Save your energy - you’ve just been shot.”
He smiles slightly, continues whispering determinedly: “I know! I did notice…” I can’t suppress a weak smile, and rub his fingers gently while he gasps for breath. 
“Lone, I must tell you something….” He says, speaking so slowly now that I can hear the pain it causes him to enunciate the words. 
- “Ssshhhh…” I whisper. “…we can talk later!”. I’m unsure whether this is a lie; his eyes are already clouding. I lean in closer, listening to his laboured breathing. Checking each breath. 
“I’ve always…always loved you…” he whispers into my ear. “…that’s what made working for SABER so hard…”. He squeezes my fingers so gently I can scarcely feel it. It’s like a butterfly landing on the back of my hand, nothing more than that.
He repeats: “…always loved you…”. His voice trails away gradually and I can’t listen any more, can’t bear it. 
I look up gratefully as the paramedic comes to adjust Lucien’s tubing. Finally, I am left in silence.


***


The de-briefing with Jones the day after the shooting is surprisingly painless, almost chummy. I am no longer an irritation; now I am a source of information so he can tie up all the ends nicely in his police report. I even get coffee.
I tell him everything of course; there is no need to hide anything any more. I want him to tie up all the ends neatly too. Except I’ve made a decision not to share my knowledge of my true biological father. Not because I’m ashamed exactly (and I am ashamed: no mistaking it), but more because I see it as somehow irrelevant to my life. My Far is the man who was present during my childhood as much as he was able, and instead of being bitter and angry, I’ve come to realise – and appreciate - that this was the best he could do. Genetic determinants are not the deciding factor in determining paternity; what counts is the life that you build around each other, the love you give and receive. And that is enough, even for a cynical geneticist like me.
And Jones tells me everything too. How he started to track Lucien, how Lucien inevitably led them to my Far, how Jones had tried to protect me by threatening me. How he had realised part of the truth after cracking the access codes on my father’s laptop, and followed us to Denmark – unsure where we were at first, but eventually localising us to the Black Diamond after Lucien checked his e-mails on the terminal there. They had been forced to let Lucien go due to lack of concrete evidence after interviewing him, but luckily Jones had had enough of an open mind to investigate allegations that Lucien had made about Soeren. 
I am warming to him; with his sharp mind it is almost a pity that he did not become a scientist.
The detective stares down at his feet for a second, as if ashamed that he had missed something in his investigations:
“Thank god I did decide to pay Soeren a visit: I arrived just in time to hear a gunshot; people were running out of their flats, terrified. I called for armed back-up, and, well – you know the rest of the story…” His gaze flickers over to me, and then the inspector recovers his professional countenance, his expression inscrutable. 
“…back to your father’s laptop…” he continues lightly, as though we just discussed something as inconsequential as tomorrow’s weather forecast: “…it contained scanned copies of most of the files you found in the library…” he says, passing me the print-outs so I can see them. “…but there was one extra document that fascinated me immensely”, he continues. He hands me a print-out of what looks like a large A3-size map. I study it for a while, but the neat writing means nothing to me – it is not my father’s handwriting at any rate. 
“The Danish team have localized the area to Amager Fælled – does that mean anything to you?”
- “Of course”, I reply – “it’s a nature reserve on the island of Amager, south of Copenhagen. It used to be a military exercise area – it’s only recently been cleared of all the bullets and explosives and opened to the public”
And it’s a few hundred metres away from where I grew up on Islands Brygge, I add to myself silently. My Far used to go for walks around the Fælled’s perimeter late at night, usually smuggling in a bottle or two. 
I peer at the map closely. Jones points at some small, elongated rectangles drawn in one of the wooded areas. 
“There are 42 in all – I counted them” he says softly. “…Tallies quite well with the death toll in the experimental report, don’t you think?” I nod, understanding at last the significance of the map. 
My Far’s final secret has now seen the light of day, and although it is too late for a catalogue of wrongs to be put right, we can at least give the dead a more honourable resting place. I look at the map in more detail – it is neatly annotated in a combination of Danish and German. 
It is strange to see a war crime illustrated in such exacting capital letters. It occurs to me that my Far probably had to risk his life in stealing a copy of this map, as I couldn’t really imagine that this kind of information was directly relevant to his statistical analyses. 
I place the document on the table again, breathe deeply for a few moments. Jones looks grimly satisfied. 
“My colleagues in the Danish operations section have already contacted the government, and I can assure you that this will have their utmost priority.” Again, I nod. What is there to say?
“I am sure you will appreciate, Lone, that it would be…er…slightly embarrassing for the government to have spent millions on projects run by a Danish war criminal. So we have arranged an alternative….er…version of events that removes both the Danish and British governments from any further…embarrassment. You will, I trust, not speak to the press on any of these matters?”
I nod again: now I understand - a cover-up! Hence the need to de-brief me as well. I sense that he does not entirely agree with this course of action, but has to go along with his superiors. 
“Just one last thing”, continues Jones, looking relieved at my willingness to co-operate. “Just for my own curiosity: when we finally broke the code on your father’s computer, we discovered that he had used a cipher based on a Danish expression: “Sne-Dronning”. Did this phrase have any deep significance to his life?”
My heart leaps: a small declaration of love, hidden away in a computer hard-disk. But this time, it’s to be my secret alone. I shrug non-committally. 
- “It means Snow-Queen – a character from a Danish fairy-tale”. I smile sweetly at Jones: “My Father was always a sucker for Hans Christian Andersen, the old fool”. 
Jones smiles slightly, unconvinced, but says nothing more on the issue, instead changing the subject rapidly:
“Actually, there’s one more thing, Lone. Just before his suicide, Soeren pointed at a particular shelf…you probably saw it yourself. On it, we found this document. It has no relevance to our investigations, but I understand from my Danish co-operation partners that it is very relevant to you.”
Mystified, I take the document he offers. It is two pages long and neatly printed. It is clearly a Danish legal document as it has been neatly stamped by a local court and is printed on water-marked paper. 
I study it for a moment, but Jones interrupts my thoughts to summarise the contents impatiently:-
“I’m told that it’s Soeren’s last will and testament, signed earlier this year. He leaves his entire estate and control of his company – a biotech company called Eden Genetics Inc. – to a certain Dr. Lone Christensen of Cambridge University. 
Good grief: so he had already done it. The biological ties did cut deep for Soeren. I was his only flesh and blood, at least in the genetic sense. And so I become the bearer of not only my Far’s legacy, but of Soeren’s as well. It’s too much to take in, and certainly too much to bear.
Jones raises an eyebrow: “Any idea why he did this?”
I make a split-second decision and shrug non-commitally. He’s not getting anything from me. 
- “He obviously admired my work. Highly flattering. But I’m not accepting money from a eugenics criminal, of course.”
I can feel the burden lifting after I’ve said these words.
He sighs. “That’s your decision of course. But a word of advice, Doctor Christensen”.
I am fascinated by the way that he can enunciate the word “Doctor” carefully but also with so much distaste. I note that this is the first time that he has given me my professional title. Perhaps he actually wants me to listen to his advice and take it seriously. 
He continues, looking me straight in the eye “I have devoted my life to hunting down ODESSA, but they are smart bastards. We have combed Soeren’s office and house from top to bottom and not found a single connection to them. No names, not even a telephone number - nothing. Soeren must have memorised the contact details.” 
- “What about following the trail of money?”, I ask. “You could search through the funding sources for both Eden Genetics Inc. and my father, try and trace ODESSA through the research grants.”
He sighs, shakes his head. “I already though of that. Nothing, nothing at all. All the funds were kosher.” We both wince at the unfortunate choice of metaphor. “I am no further forward in my hunt for ODESSA. All that work and nothing to show for it but three dead men. ODESSA have had the upper hand all the way through.” I see frustration; frustration and anger. He leans towards me across the table, pleading: “Wouldn’t it be the greatest victory and irony to actually not take the easy way out but instead to put the ODESSA money to good use, to run Eden Genetics responsibly – close the unethical projects - to find new medical drugs and…” - he struggles for the right words – “and actually help people.”
For a moment, I sense a new vulnerability. It occurs to me that he actually has principles. And is upset when the moral victories cannot be won. That is a vulnerability indeed. 
He makes no further comment, just leans back slightly, reaches down for his sunglasses and puts them on. Like body armour. Vulnerabilities packed away safely, out of sight. 
It also occurs to me that there is something wrong with his summary of the situation.
- “You said three dead men: do you think that Mike’s death is also connected to this?” I ask, knowing what the answer will be, feeling the wall of guilt descend again across my mind. 
He flinches slightly. I get the feeling that he been told to hush up certain aspects of the truth, even to me. He sits in silence for a moment, so I start to probe gently:-
-“Of course, anyone who has studied physiology – like Soeren had - will know that it is possible to induce a state that mimics a stroke by injecting air into the victim’s bloodstream…the only tell-tale sign is, of course, the puncture wound where the injection was given…”
Our eyes meet across the table and an understanding is reached. Reluctantly, he starts to talk:
“Yes, that is indeed possible, and had I thought to order the analysis, I am 100% certain that we would have found the puncture wound…just as I am 100 % certain that, if I had ordered the analysis, we would have been able to localise Soeren’s DNA to the scene of your father’s death.”
He said death, not suicide. I feel a lightening of spirit, a release caused by the sharing of burdens. A shared understanding. I let out an audible sigh, but he continues, seemingly oblivious. “More detective work than that isn’t possible, unless you want to authorise us to exhume your father’s body and conduct genetic tests on that…” He wrinkles his brow slightly, but his expression is difficult to fathom as his eyes are hidden by the sunglasses. “…but I can tell you that it would be difficult to get a coroner’s permission without compromising the secrecy of this operation.” A slight pause. Of course! I wonder what the official explanation for all this is – they probably haven’t even worked it out yet. 
“Also…” Jones continues casually, “…we’d need a DNA sample from you to confirm that it is indeed your father’s body we were examining”. 
Our eyes meet. He knows – Lucien’s tape recording must have provided the missing information! And he knows that I know that he knows. But he is willing to leave out the step of pulling me through that millstone of explanations. Like me, he likes tidy conclusions, tidy reports; he abhors loose ends and doesn’t always appreciate having to treasure his exceptions. 
I feel a stab of pity for him. Perhaps our lives are not so different after all.
“Do you have any more questions?” He asks wearily. He is desperate to be able to use his little rubber “Case Closed” stamp on this file, I can see.
I think for a moment of the pure evil stored on Soeren’s personal hard-disk, and the havoc it could wreak if misused. And I think for a moment as to whether I can draw Jones into my confidence without it becoming official police business. 
I decide that I can: any detective who is prepared to offer personal advice on misusing company assets in order to upset ODESSA has to be capable of bending police rules now and again. 
I lean towards him over the table.
“How do policemen irreversibly destroy data on a hard-disk?”
He looks momentarily confused. “Pulverising it would be the best method if you really want to be sure it’s gone. Why do you ask?”
 

***


Chapter 29


Jones’ Danish colleagues must have pulled some strings, as Lucien is given a private room in the Copenhagen Rigshospital. I sit awkwardly in a low armchair by his bed, staring up at him in his elevated position.
- “How’s the war wound?” I ask, cautiously. I know that I should be fluffing up his pillows, pouring him tea, cheering him up with witty stories. But I’m not that kind of friend anymore – in fact, I was never that kind of friend.
He is propped up on nest of pillows, staring down at me in a neutral way, completely unreadable. 
“They say that they’ll be able to move me back to England soon, and I can’t wait. 
Then we can go home!” 
There is a false optimism in his voice as he looks uncertainly at me. I wait through the accompanying silence for a while and then I decide to tell him, as gently as I can. 
-“I’m not going back to Cambridge Lucien, I’m staying here. As you know, Soeren left me his flat in Christianshavn, and I intend to move in.” 
After making a mint out of selling the bastard’s designer furniture, I add to myself, making a mental note to investigate how to do this. 
“But Lone…”
I don’t let him finish; I don’t feel the need to explain every single decision that I make. I can’t even explain some of my decisions to myself. I continue:
-“And I’m going to take over as CEO of Eden Genetics Inc.”
He can’t hide his emotions any more: this time, his face is aghast.
 “What! That is the craziest thing that I’ve ever heard! How on earth could you accept Soeren’s offer…The guy was a war criminal!”
I reply calmly. 
-“I’m taking it in a new direction. We are going to develop collaborations with Cambridge University’s medical and genetic research departments.”
A silence while he digests the news. He nods slowly, understanding. “I see. All the projects there undergo strict ethical reviews of course. And your company would build up its limited pipeline by providing the necessary capital”. 
- “I’m impressed. I had no idea you had any business acumen in you” I reply, gently teasing him. 
“And what about us…?”
A longer silence. But I think it’s the quiet silence that accompanies the feeling of inevitability. Even he can see that it would be difficult for me to live with the level of deception that has pervaded our relationship, a relationship that has been shaky at the best of times.
He tries one last time: “I’m sorry I couldn’t be honest with you about my other job – you know, all that secret stuff…But I want you to know something…”
He clutches his chest momentarily, and struggles to breathe before continuing:
“Everything I said in the ambulance; it was true Lone – you have to believe me….Please believe me when I tell you that it was the truth!”
I lean forward, trying to smile at him. But it probably comes out as a pained look, because that it how I feel inside. 
-“I understand that we all do what we have to do, Lucien. It’s okay – your deception is forgiven.” I smile, and kiss him gently on the forehead. A kiss of friendship, nothing more. 
-“Goodbye Lucien”, I say.
“Wait…Come back soon”, he whispers wretchedly, reaching out his hand towards me.
But I turn away towards the door, pretending not to see. 
We both know that it is the last time we will see each other. 


***


Chapter 30 

Ryvangens Mindelunde, one month later


The brass band is playing again at Ryvangen, and I stand alone, silently contemplating their muted renditions of songs from my Father’s homeland. I watch the assembled crowds of ordinary Danes and dignitaries from my viewpoint at the back of the main compound area. There are only a handful of (virtually fossilized) resistance fighters and concentration camp survivors present now. Time moves on of course. But some things stay the same: the candlelit services at this place appear to defy time, preserve some aspect of those terrible days during the occupation.
The candles seem to be reflected in the stars tonight: it is a clear sky and I can look up and see hundreds of constellations looking down on the event, bearing witness to the Danish nation’s attempts at righting a wrong. Or at least, a small attempt to honour the dead. 
Even the strong Danish winds are still tonight, for a short time at least.
The forty-two wooden coffins are carried in by legions of fresh-faced soldiers and I watch as the cases are gently lowered into the gaping graves prepared earlier in the day. Prayers are said and a young girl comes forward to read a passage on Freedom. I listen with half an ear; I am already too old and cynical to believe in such grand and indefinable concepts.
Curiously, no-one else seems to be crying but me. I wipe my eyes quickly, but I cannot still the flow effectively. I turn away from the service, towards the trees behind the execution site, and focus on clutching the enormous bunch of red roses I have brought with me, fingering the thorns along the stems. I stab my thumb and the pain is comforting, allows me to focus myself again.
I wait, staring into the distance, while the assembled masses break into a hushed rendition of “Der er Et Yndigt Land” – There is a Lovely Country. Then I wander towards a far corner of the outer courtyards of the memorial ground to sit in a carved- out niche in the wall, waiting for the crowds to disperse. 
But I stop in my tracks, surprised: a lonely figure is already sitting there in his grey trenchcoat and Ray Benns, camouflaged against the greying walls. I am not the only one to be taking a low profile at the memorial service for the newly-discovered fallen, it seems.
We smile awkwardly at each other for a moment, and then I settle down next to Jones in the niche. It’s a narrow space and I realise that this is probably the closest we’ve ever come to each other – he shifts in his seat, uncomfortable at our proximity. But he doesn’t get up.
He eyes my roses curiously and looks down at his own offering of a small bunch of carnations.
- “Congratulations with your new business enterprise, Dr. Christensen” he starts, but then somehow cannot resist reverting to his usual role of the antagonist: “It would seem that CEOs can afford double the number of flowers as ordinary mortals” he says drily. 
I smile gently again, this time for real. I’m willing to let this one go. After all, I believe we both know that I will lay two flowers on each grave for a special reason: one from me, and one from Far. The extra flower is for forgiveness and atonement. Or perhaps they both are.
I change the subject:
- “Tell me though Jones, couldn’t your unit have come up with a more convincing cover story than the one printed in the Danish newspapers?” 
He raises his eyebrow slightly: “I’m afraid I have no idea what you mean, Lone.”
- “You know,” I say casually “- all that crap about Soeren having a heart attack due to the shock of accidentally shooting a guest while showing off his antique collection of second world war weapons...”
Jones’ face is expressionless: “You would have preferred one in which Soeren appeared slightly less idiotic?”
I smile now, and am about to reply when one of the other visitors comes within hearing range. Jones nods, as if to thank me for keeping the secret, and makes to get up, placing the carnations carefully at the foot of the candles burning next to the niche. 
I reach out my hand to his shoulder as he leaves: 
- “Thank you for keeping my father’s name out of the official explanation” I say simply. He shrugs: 
“As I told you before, our investigations exonerated him. His was a fairly minor part – he was just a kid, only following orders to analyse the data-sets.” His voice softens: “It was clear to us that he was not involved in the crimes themselves.”
Only following orders. I watch Jones leave silently, his greyness merging in against the backdrop of the compound walls.
I continue to sit for a while at the niche, waiting while the crowds and cameramen gradually disperse from around the graves to the refreshment tent. Then I wander  down to the graves themselves and lay the roses gently down on the freshly dug earth. I breathe deeply, and for the first time in a long while I feel a lessening of the usual restlessness inside me. I have carried out my Far’s last wish – the laying to rest of the 42. Peace at last.
But my thoughts are interrupted by an unmistakable, albeit strangely timid, voice behind me. 
- “Lone”. 
I turn round to face Lucien again. 


***


Chapter 31


This time he is uncertain, shy. I note that he has dressed up his usual tweed jacket with a white shirt and black tie, in his usual eclectic style. He fiddles with the tie and stands a respectful distance away from me. Just in case.
He clears his throat nervously, looking down at the floor. 
- “I’ve quit SABER, Lone. I want to be with you.”
The Old Lucien that I knew would appear to be back. I look down at him imperiously, taking in at the same time the fact that his bandages are gone. 
“You are quite well again after your ordeal?” I enquire in a level voice, unwilling to give anything away. I don’t want to be hurt again.
He nods eagerly, touches his chest. I can see that he is about to tell me the long story of his recovery. But I interrupt him sharply:-
“Good – then you can give me a lift home. I presume that you’ve hired a car?” 
Again, he nods, apparently deliriously happy at the thought. He gestures towards the exit and we walk slowly away from the graves.
I slip my hand gently into his as we wander through the candlelit areas, towards the darkness beyond the compound gates.



###


Author's note:  Though some actual names, towns, cities, and locations may be mentioned, they are used in a fictitious manner and most of the events and occurrences were invented in the mind and imagination of the author. 
However, it should be noted that the Danish historian Henrik Tjørnelund has written a book "Medicin uden grænser", in which he asserts that the State Serum Institute was involved in tests of typhus vaccines on prisoners in Buchenwald. The accusations have generated controversy in modern-day Denmark.

Connect with Me Online at Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/KSandersen
