Tellurian Suns:
Seeing the Light

Cameron Sutter

Smashwords Edition

Copyright ©2009 Cameron Sutter

This book is also available in print at http://stores.lulu.com/cameron-sutter

This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Cover picture from www.nasa.gov



Contact me:
cameronsutter.author@gmail.com
www.facebook.com/cameron.sutter
www.myspace.com/cameron.sutter
http://cameronsutterauthor.blogspot.com
http://sites.google.com/site/telluriansuns



Dedicated to and made possible by my family, especially my inspiration—my wife, Milexis.


To Ben and Dan: This is proof that the boot switched puddles.





Chapter 1

“Are you ready for this, old man?” Bulldog asked over the radio. 
“You’re only as old as you feel, kid” Hawk answered. “Alright everyone, let’s do this,” Hawk said over the radio. 
He crept from the shadow closing in on the nearest satellite dish as several other black figures did the same. Pulling out two explosives, he taped them to the base of the dish. 
Hawk looked around and saw other figures that were hunched over placing explosives at the base of other nearby dishes. Other team members ran wires between the dishes and connected them to the explosives. 
Scanning his team, Hawk’s gaze stopped at a young man in jeans and sandals. The sandals flipped up the desert sand with each clumsy step. Another wore an untucked Hawaiian shirt. He looked around again at the others. He realized that few if any were dressed in all black. He could see someone’s white socks nearly glowing. One girl had pink gloves. Hawk shook his head at their carelessness and finished strapping the explosives to the satellite dish. He connected a radio receiver. All set. This is for Amy. 
Hawk looked outside the fence that surrounded the satellite array. High in the air he saw a small green light hovering, but couldn’t hear the whirring of the motor that he knew was coming from the light. Heart pounding he unrolled a small thin screen and watched himself from the point of view of the small helicopter. He panned the camera to the left with his finger against the screen. There was movement inside the building on the second floor. A person inside turned on a light and stood next to the window with his hands propped on his hips. The green LED on the bottom right of the screen turned red. Hawk looked up and the light on the helicopter was also glowing red. Motion detection works great. 
“Bulldog, you got company.” After a few short seconds the guard was no longer standing in the window and the light bulb exploded leaving the room dark. Never misses a detail.
Hawk looked around and saw everyone with their thumbs up. He returned the signal and followed the others back to the shadows and under the fence where they came in. They began wading through sage brush away from the complex. The potent smell of the sage flooded Hawk’s nostrils. He tried to ignore it and focus on the mission. He remembered what he told his team the first time: “It’s not over until we are all safely home.” 
Suddenly Grasshopper’s weak voice cried out, “Help, I’m stuck! Hey guys, help!” 
Hawk’s heart sunk as he wheeled around. I knew this was going to happen; it was just too easy. It’s never this easy when you’re babysitting a bunch of college kids. Grabbing another man by the chest and pulling him, Hawk trudged back to help. 
“Hurry, help me!” 
“Shut up!” 
The two that returned to help began pulling their comrade violently. Hawk looked up at the mini helicopter and saw the green light turn to red. Dogs barked, a siren sounded and shouts came from the building. “Bulldog, we woke The Man. Get out of there. We’ll wait for you behind the hill.” 
“That’s what an old man would do. I’ll take care of it,” Bulldog’s voice replied over the radio. 
“Just come back alive, man.” 
Glass windows shattered and bullets bounced off metal as the sound of machine gun rounds echoed from within. 
Hawk looked back down at Grasshopper who was still struggling to get under the fence. “Cut his shirt off,” Hawk commanded. 
“No, it’s my pants I think.” 
“Cut ‘em off.” The other man drew his knife and violently began cutting him free. What a wuss. Stop squirming so much. And shut up. 
The barking got closer and Hawk whipped out his Ruger 9mm handgun. He waited calmly and watched with heartless satisfaction as Grasshopper flailed more frantically the closer the dog came. Hawk let him squirm a second longer and fired once. The barking stopped. 
“Nice shot.” 
“There’ll be more. Let’s go.” 
Again he smelled sage and heard the sound of dogs clawing on the fence closer to the building. 
“Sparrow, blow it,” Hawk commanded into the radio.
A British voice responded, “Yes, sir.” That’s one thing I have to change. If it calls me ‘sir’ all the time, it will definitely get annoying. The remote controlled helicopter suddenly moved from its hovering position and turned to follow Hawk.
Time for fireworks. 
Loud explosions sounded in Hawks ears, screaming through his eardrums. The dogs yelped frantically. Hawk couldn’t contain his child-like interest to watch the explosions. He turned around and folding his arms to watch the scene, Hawk’s heart leaped for joy. We’re one step closer. Just a few more of these. The falling satellite dishes screeched against other fallen dishes and their concrete bases. 
As they all hurried away, Hawk heard dogs whining and people shouting threats in the now silent night. The smell of burnt gun powder floated on the dry desert wind and smothered the smell of the sage brush. 
“Dude, did you see that, Hawk? That dog was about to cross the fence and boom! He almost jumped out of his skin,” exclaimed Grasshopper.





Chapter 2

A loud bang on the floor above him broke Mantis’ trance. He opened his eyes and sighed. They are probably jumping off the couch again, he thought. Loud music and muffled talking and shouting seeped through the ceiling. He looked over at the incense burning. It was just a stub now. He unfolded his legs, got up from the bean bag chair, and walked over to the wool blanket that was hung on a rope in the middle of the room, dividing it. The bright white light beamed through it even though it was folded over. Mantis drew back the blanket and looked towards the light source. He stood there for a moment, soaking in the good vibes from the light, and then replaced the blanket and walked up the stairs. 
Opening the basement door, he almost got hit by a pizza box carried by a shouting, drunken man. The stench of beer and various drugs followed him like a cloud. People were talking on the couches in one corner and others were standing next to the TV, cheering on the man playing Guitar Hero. A frown formed across his face and his shoulders hung low. Walking towards another room, he heard screams from upstairs. The ceiling creaked as people jumped around. In another room couples were making out and the thick cloud of smoke was enough to make Mantis cough. In yet another room he heard laughs and breaking glass. 
“The dog came this close...” 
“Man, I saw that guy coming and...” 
“Did you see that explosion? Best explosion ever!” 
“Dude, when Sparrow spotted that first guy in the building...” 
What have we become? Look at them all. No one cares about why we just bombed that place. They just care about the explosion, and the killing, and the party afterward. He went to the kitchen and grabbed a water bottle from the fridge. The fridge reeked of old meat. 
“Yo, Mantis. We rocked tonight, right?”
“Why do you always stay at HQ, Mantis?” “Yeah, you should come with us next time, dude!”
We have lost our purpose. Now we are savage terrorists. Mantis opened the front door, looked back sighing, and plopped down on the front porch stairs. Is there at least one of them that cares? A dry breeze blew by as Mantis sipped from his water bottle. One? The porch light shone on the sage brush across the road and the solitude in every direction. 
Time dragged slowly as Mantis sat and thought. He blocked out the yelling and the music and the smells. The dry wind blew through Mantis’ hair. He thought about all he had done for the people inside. He had shown them the truth about extraterrestrial life and the frightened leaders who were trying to cover it up. He had given them a purpose in their lives. Most of them would have never left their office jobs, but Mantis showed them a better life. They were free and fighting for a good cause; a cause that would change humanity forever when they were done. They would learn so much from the Grays. The Grays would change the world and this small group of people would be hailed as heroes, Mantis had taught them. The GAFF would be famous around the world as the only group brave enough to stand up to The Man and help the Grays against all hope. And these people—disciples—had given Mantis all their worldly possessions so that they could be a part of this cause. And this is what they’ve sunk to now: a bunch of drugged-up terrorist hippies with a blood lust.
The wind blew again and carried the smell of incense to Mantis’ nose. That’s a special meditation incense…is someone...is someone meditating...? Mantis sniffed again. No marijuana even. It’s probably Hawk, if anyone. He’s a true disciple; the only one I’ve got. Mantis looked at two large, cloth tents in the front lawn as they blew in the wind. The incense was coming from the tent to his right. He slowly walked to the door and stooped to look in. A dark figure sat facing the side tent wall with his legs crossed. Slowly the figure’s chest and shoulders rose and fell. It was Hawk. Hawk slowly turned his head to look at Mantis.
“Sorry,” Mantis stuttered. 
“Brandon.”
“I didn’t mean to disturb you.” Mantis’ voice faltered. He tried to leave, but his foot knocked something over. He stumbled as he tied to put it back. “I’ll leave you alone.” 
“I...killed a dog today,” Hawk confessed. Beside him a small green light caught Mantis’ eye. Sparrow sat idle on a small box next to Hawk. Man, he takes that little creation of his everywhere since Panda disappeared. It’s his own little best friend. Hawk continued, “I didn’t think beforehand. Just bam. I didn’t feel anything afterward either.”
Mantis looked at the floor, shuffling his feet. Here he goes again. He looked up at the top of the tent nervously and then over at the burning incense. He shrugged, “Well why did you do it?”
Muffled screams and shouts came from the house.
Hawk turned his whole body towards Mantis who had stepped completely into the tent. “Well, it was going to bite Grasshopper. So—“ 
“So you saved your friend. Just because Panda ...” he stopped himself. He rubbed his chin, contemplating what to say next. Exhaling, he continued, “Look, animals aren’t gods, or higher beings. We need to respect them, yes, but they were put here for us. Plants and animals are for our benefit. The Grays will teach us how to better balance our use of the Earth’s resources, but they are meant for us to use. Some people just use them wrongly.” Mantis’ heart beat faster and his palms sweat. He knew he was walking on thin ice talking again about these things with Hawk. He had to make Hawk understand to interpret the Grays’ teachings correctly, but for the last few years, Hawk was a bad temper waiting to either beat your head in or break down and cry. The tent windows and doors flapped in the wind and grazed Mantis’ arm, helping him relax. 
Hawk looked away. “Only a few more satellite sites left and the barrier field will be destroyed. The next one is pretty far away. When do we head out?” 
Mantis sat next to Hawk and stared out the tent door. “Hawk, you don’t have to—“
“Kenny.”
“Sorry. Kenny. I’m just so used to calling everyone their animal name...anyway, look Kenny, I’m sorry. I know it still hurts. You feel like you’re missing half of yourself. I shouldn’t have brought her into this like that. Sorry. But your beliefs about animals aren’t what she believed and they don’t come from the Grays either. But if that’s the way you want to live your life, I support you. I’m your friend.”
“Yeah, it still hurts.” Hawk paused, and Mantis braced for the rush of emotions coming. “Sometimes I feel so alone.” Hawk shook his head back and forth as if clearing his head of bad thoughts. “I’m sorry, too, Brandon.”
The din from inside the house was enveloped by the music growing louder.
Mantis started telling Kenny his frustrations about everyone’s partying attitude. He explained how almost no one cares about what he teaches them or the path he shows them. He thanked Kenny for believing and following. Kenny said he felt the same way and that’s why he had to come out here to the tent. Kenny related the details of their success that night and how he had to save Grasshopper again.
Mantis smiled at Kenny, knowing Kenny could not see his smile. He is older than me, and yet he respects me like his elder. Although at the rate he seems to age, he could be looking younger than me soon. He is an obedient follower and is becoming a powerful leader. The Grays will need a strong human leader.
Someone inside turned the music off and some lights went out. Mantis commented blankly that the party seemed to be ending. Kenny only nodded.
Kenny looked down at the ground. “Have you ever thought that ours isn’t the only glowing stone?” Suddenly lifting and tilting his head and waving his pointer finger in the air, Kenny said, “What if there are other groups out there just like GAFF that are doing the same thing? That can’t be the only stone of its kind.” 
Mantis shook his head. “What?” 
Kenny sprung to his feet. “Well, what is the stone? ...You’ve always told us that the stone is a gift from the Grays—a sign that they are coming back someday.” 
“And...?” 
“Why would we be the only ones, Brandon?” Turning and waving his hands, Kenny added, “There has got to be others out there. What if someone gets his hands on the Grays’ stone and he doesn’t know what it means? Maybe they’ll chop it up into glowing rings or necklaces.” 
“The Grays have never made me aware of any other stones. Have they told you anything about others?”
Kenny shook his head.   
Mantis stood up. “I suppose it’s possible. But where would you look? Are you going to put an ad on Craigslist? ‘Anyone that has a stone as bright as the sun email us. Our alien friends are coming and you need to help.’” 
Nodding his head enthusiastically, Kenny said, “We have to do something.” 
Lightly grabbing Kenny by the elbow, Mantis said, “We are, Kenny. We are getting close to destroying the barrier shield. Just a few more satellite arrays. You said it yourself. And then the Grays will be able to approach Earth.”
Kenny sat back down and shook his head. “You’re right. We need to focus on that.”
Sighing, Mantis remembered something. “Look, Kenny, remember Spider?”
“Yeah, he left us for bigger, better things.”
“Exactly. He knows people—he says—that know more about the stone. We’ll give him a call and maybe you can find out more about the stone.”
“That would be great. Thanks, Brandon.”
Just then, Mantis noticed that Sparrow’s light turned from green to red. “Uh, Kenny? What does it mean when its light turns red?”
“Right now it means someone is in the basement with the stone. Probably just someone that wanted to feel its energy.”
Sparrow suddenly made a noise like an alarm clock going off. His motors spun into action and he hovered up off the box a few inches.
“And what does that mean?” Mantis asked. “Is it The Man? Is the FBI here?”
Kenny chuckled quickly. “Luckily for us, no. But it does mean that whoever was there moved the stone. Ya know, I told them not to touch it.”





Chapter 3

“This is it, team. No talking out loud from here on out. We only use the psy-gear. It’s working for both of you, right?” Zeck said tapping his plastic headband. “Good. Now you know what the goal is: retrieve the Sun Stone inside the impregnable Fortress of Wackiness from these extraterrestrial advocates. If possible, we don’t want any casualties. The pistols are just for protection. Just in case. We’ll leave the jeep here behind this hill and walk. Now these people are crazy, especially Kenny Lincoln. We don’t know what he—or any of them—is willing to do, but we know he is capable of great madness. Keep a sharp eye and stay close. Now, the Stone’s in the basement so we’ll go in the back and sneak our way down there. Let’s make this one count! Let’s go.” 
Here I am, the Avenger of Righteousness, at 4:00 in the morning: stealing—nay, taking back—the first of the Sun Stones from the harbingers of evil in the middle of the desert. And I remain calm.
From the top of the hill Zeck saw that the lights were on in the house. He was about to turn back and wait some more, but the sun would be up soon. They had to act now. Blake took out his binoculars and after a moment said he saw no movement inside. Zeck popped his knuckles and kept moving forward. 
As the three of them stalked closer, Zeck began visualizing his victory. He saw himself sneak through the door to the basement. He saw himself grabbing the Stone with his two comrades looking at it in amazement. He saw Lincoln waking up as they were trying to escape and him flooring Lincoln with one swift punch. 
Zeck took a deep breath and focused. What if all the crazies wake up? I wish there were more than three of us. 
Zeck looked at the other two. He noticed that the Orion patch on Blake’s shoulder was falling off. The patch was black—like the uniform—with a white border. Each star in the Orion constellation was a white dot with a thin white line connecting the dots and drawing the picture of the Hunter. How is it falling off already? he wondered. Does he take his uniform clubbing? This is only our second mission. Zeck dusted the Orion patch on his own shoulder, though it needed no dusting. He adjusted his white uniform. He was the only one with a white uniform and had to have Vinny special order it. It was his symbol, he told Vinny.     
The back door was left open and the screen door was unlocked. Some of the lights were left on, but Zeck heard no noise. I guess this fortress isn’t so impregnable. They truly are crazy. 
They entered quietly. Zeck pulled out his pistol and turned on the laser sight under the barrel. Bodies were strewn all over the furniture and the floor. The smell of moldy food, rancid meat, beer and marijuana burned his nose. Dead? 
He heard a computer simulation of Blake’s voice in his earpiece. “They must have had one killer party.” 
“It appears that they are all alive, sir,” said Ryan’s computer-simulated, British accent. “Or at least most of them.” 
They waded through the bodies trying not to wake them. Zeck’s eyes followed the laser sight’s dot over the bodies and the food and clothes left all over the dusty furniture and dirty floor. “Let’s find that basement and get out of here. Don’t count your chickens, but this might be easier than we thought. I guess alien wackos can be hippies, too.” Blake and Ryan looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders in mocking confusion. 
Finding the basement door, they made their way down the stairs. There was a bright light coming from the bottom of an otherwise dark stairwell. The smell of beer was replaced by an overpowering stench of incense. That’s the strongest stuff this nose has ever smelled. Crazies must have a special store for extra powerful incense.
The basement looked like a meeting room, but instead of chairs there were bean bags in a circle with candles and incense in the middle. The rug was tie-dye colored and in the middle of the room hung a blanket of psychedelic patterns. The blanket acted as a curtain, poorly shielding the rest of the room from the bright white light behind it. The light escaped the blanket on all sides. It had been folded in half but the light pierced right through like a plastic shower curtain. 
“Bugger, it looks like the sun is on the other side of that blanket,” Ryan exclaimed out loud, but in a whisper. 
Would they be smart enough to have booby traps? Cameras? “Careful men, even though these crazies are alien worshipers, they might have traps.” 
Zeck pulled the blanket aside with his free hand and a brilliant light immediately flooded their senses. Zeck looked away and the other two shielded their eyes. 
“Even if there were booby traps, mate. I don’t think I’d be able to see ‘em.” said Ryan.    
Zeck felt a strange warmth like a flood of righteousness coming from the Stone. I can barely see where it is. Waiting for his eyes to adjust and not looking directly at the Stone, Zeck began seeing that there was an altar of sorts in the middle of the room and on top lay the Stone.
“Is it hot?” Blake asked.





Chapter 4

“I don’t have a good feeling about this, Kenny,” Mantis blurted.
“Sparrow, go take a peek down the basement and see who moved the stone.”
“Yes, sir.” It responded and went flying out the tent window. “Stop calling me ‘sir.’” Hawk said shaking his head. I really need to change that. 
Mantis visibly became more nervous as the seconds passed. To put him at ease, Hawk pulled out his roll-up computer screen, unrolled it, and watched Sparrow’s video feed. Seeing the video had the opposite affect that Hawk was hoping for: it made them both more nervous. There was no one in the basement and the Stone’s light no longer lit either side of the partitioned basement.
Hawk powerfully stepped out of the tent door. He looked around the desert and saw only darkness.
“I don’t hear any sirens or see any flashing lights,” said Mantis, sliding out of the tent. Hawk ordered Sparrow to search the house for the stone. 
“It can’t be the FBI, because they wouldn’t be arresting people silently,” Mantis continued.
“Yeah, I don’t think this is the police. They came for the stone and now Sparrow can’t find anyone in the house. It’s gone and so are they!”
Hawk charged through the front door and yelled, trying to wake everyone up.  A few heads raised and fewer still got up and asked what was going on. You guys are pathetic! They stole it right out from under us. How’d they do it so quickly? And without us noticing! Reaching his room in a panic, he found his Ruger, and checked the clip. Six or seven bullets left. They were gone by the time the camera noticed them? How? 
Back in the group of people, there were a million questions being bounced through his head, but Hawk blocked them out, trying to focus his own thoughts on what to do now. Something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. He walked to the window in the next room, pushing aside several people.
There it was, jostling up and down in someone’s hand and running towards the top of the hill down the road. Hawk was relieved that he now knew where it was, but at the same time was enraged at the thieves who took it. Without thinking, he shot at the thieves far in the distance, knowing he wouldn’t hit them. The shattered window and seeing himself lose control of his rage made the situation worse.
Tightening his belt, he yelled, “Sparrow, come. Now.”
“But who could it be? No one knows about the stone,” Mantis said.
Someone from another room yelled, “Screw the anti-alien activists.” His mumbles trailed off into some unintelligible rant about the government.
“Hey, did the cops come?” mumbled someone else getting up.
Hawk hurried out the front door jamming the gun in between the back of his pants and his belt. He looked right and near the top of the nearest hill, not too far away, he saw a bright light jiggling up and down rapidly. Ha. They’re not very good at hiding it. Sprinting to the driveway—Sparrow right behind him—he threw himself into a car and slammed the door. His heart thumped in his ears. He fiddled with the keys and muttered, “Please start. Come on. Start!” The Cadillac sputtered and moaned, but then the engine fired. “Yes!” Seat belt just in case. 
The car tore out of the driveway backwards. He revved the engine, threw it into drive, and spun the tires before the car finally headed down the road. The smell of burnt tires hardly passed through his mind. I can’t shoot left handed. Hawk looked at Sparrow hovering in the passenger’s seat. Worthless thing. “Why didn’t Bulldog think to build you with arms?” 
Sparrow didn’t respond.
“Sparrow, when we get close, go find somewhere to hide and stay with them. When they get where they are going, make sure you stay somewhere where you have a signal ... and don’t even think about calling me sir!” He opened both front windows and turned up the music. CCR! You couldn’t ask for a more perfect song at a time like this.
As all but two of the thieves made it over the top of the hill, Hawk was close enough to see one dressed all in white. Only hesitating to worry about being ineffective with his left hand, Hawk fired. The two that hadn’t made it over the hill yet, turn to look back. Hawk fired again, badly missing. The one in white aimed towards the car and Hawk saw a small laser pointer’s dot playing on his car hood. “That’s right, go for the car, idiot. I’ll get you all and then I’ll get Amy’s stone back!”
Hawk turned to his mechanical friend. “Sparrow, go.”
While his head was turned, Hawk saw something fly into the air out of the corner of his eye. He whipped his head around to see what it was. A jeep suddenly came flying over the hill and landed nearly on top of Hawk’s car. Without thinking, he swerved to the left. Hawk didn’t even have time to breath before the jeep smashed into his right side and sent his car rolling over the jeep and spinning in the air until it rested on its hood by the side of the road.
Hawk lay there for a few minutes, stupefied. Time for fireworks, he thought sarcastically. Elton John’s Rocket Man was blaring in his ears. His neck ached. His arms were tense and as he tried to move them, pain spidered throughout his body. His right leg felt useless and limp. “Seat belt just in case,” he muttered. “Ha!” He unbuckled, opened the door, and dragged himself out of the car, cutting his arms on the glass. The smell of sage brush tickled and annoyed his disoriented senses. “Ya know, I really liked that Cady.”
He got to his feet, grabbed the car for balance, and muttered, “That jeep from hell is going to get his.” He winced from pain and began wobbling down the road. He threw up his arms and whispered into the rising sun. “You will get yours, jeep! I will find you and avenge my Cadillac. Then I’ll get Amy’s stone back.” He shook his head in pain and tried to jog back to the house.
His jog was strained because of the pain in his right leg, but he was able to jog a little faster and less awkward as he got a hold of his senses. You ruined my Cadillac, you took Amy’s stone, and my neck hurts. That jeep is going to pay dearly.
When Hawk burst through the door everyone stared stopped what they were doing and stood silently, waiting for some explanation. Everyone was up now. Hawk could see that some were preparing for war while others heated up pizza and coffee. Still others talked excitedly and some stared blankly at the wall. And seeing that Hawk was not in the talking mood, the questions began.
“What happened?”
“Are you alright, Hawk?”
“Why are you limping?”
“Did you get it back?”
“Hawk, you don’t look good. What happened?”
“Who were they?”
Hawk approached Bulldog, limping. Everyone else in the house, it seemed, was circling around him and waited for answers. He pulled out his gun and checked to make sure it hadn’t been damaged in the wreck. He didn’t hear what Bulldog was asking him, but he slowly looked into Bulldog’s eyes and blurted, “I need to borrow your motorcycle.” 
“You’re crazy, old man,” Bulldog replied, shaking his head. 
“He’s right, Hawk,” Mantis made his way through the crowd. 
Hawk looked at Mantis and exhaled slowly. “They’ve got Panda’s stone. I’m going.” Hawk continued somewhat un-intelligibly that he wasn’t asking for permission and they couldn’t stop him.
“Hawk, I’m going with you,” Bulldog demanded.
“No.” Hawk said with fatherly sternness that told Bulldog not to insist. He began anyway, but Hawk cut him off. “It won’t take long. Take care of everyone; they need you.”





Chapter 5

Deep in a narrow tunnel, Sarah ran her hand along the wall on her right as she walked toward the bigger cavern. Dirt fell to the ground as her fingers drug across the stone. The sensation of old, worn stone drew a smile on her face. This is so cool. She glanced to her left to see if one of the guys had noticed her smile. She was walking ahead of the group just far enough so that no one saw her smile, but she quickly looked straight ahead with a serious stare just in case. Pushing aside an array of spider webs, a musty, dank aroma filled her nose. The lanterns and flashlights from behind her lighted the way. Her left palm sweat inside her white, leather glove, but her right hand could feel the stale, dry air. The closer to the end of the tunnel they got, the faster her heart beat.
How many thousand years has it been since anyone has been down here?
Entering a larger cavern, the two soldiers that the Brotherhood sent to escort the candidates walked to the middle and began setting up some equipment. Nick Malnick, her up-line, had called them nanos and explained something about being injected with nanobots that enhanced their performance, but Sarah didn’t quite understand. He said they were very fast and strong, and that the Brotherhood was quickly developing other improvements. When they were finished setting up the tall, thin metal cylinder, they gave each prospective recruit a pair of very dark glasses and turned on the machine.
A soft whir like a small fan echoed off the walls. Lasers began shooting out of the cylinder and bouncing of the walls and ceiling. Sarah realized that this was one of the tests that Nick had told them about; an easy way to get rid of the lesser candidates. She dodged quickly as a set of lasers came near her. Others ran back towards the tunnel or pressed themselves against the walls. More and more lasers shot out of the cylinder. Some of the candidates stood motionless, mocking those that fled. Another set of lasers approached Sarah, but she was unsuccessful at dodging, and for a second her heart stopped. She cringed, waiting for the pain, but felt none. The lasers passed over her and caused no damage or pain. They were harmless. Sarah was embarrassed. More spun towards her, but this time she didn’t move for the incoming set of lasers. The cavern was small enough that lasers reached the ceiling and all the walls. Calming her heart, Sarah told herself, this is the coolest thing. The Brotherhood has so many cool technologies. I can’t wait ‘til they let me join. She looked over at two of the possible recruits who hadn’t moved. One grinned mockingly. She quickly wiped the smile off her face and stared at the machine.
The lasers shut off. A red light on the cone on the top of the cylinder turned green and they were directed to put the glasses on. Immediately Sarah’s view through the glasses digitized into a grassy plain with mountains in the distance. She couldn’t see the cave walls, only grass, hills, and mountains as far as the eye could see. The sun was just coming up behind a high mountain and the only few wisps of clouds in the sky were floating away. She saw a small trickling stream nearby.
The others were looking around, just as fascinated as she was. Lifting the glasses, she saw the dark, plain cave walls again. The two nanos wore no glasses, but Sarah wondered if they could see what the rest of them were seeing. Replacing the glasses, she could see them in the grassy field, but could not see the machine that generated this view.
Just then, Nick appeared in the middle of the field. Whoa! That’s impossible! How did he get here? Taking off the glasses, again only the cave walls stared back at her and there was no Nick. Putting them back on, she watched as Nick walked around the grass, surveying the group of recruits. He too wore a pair of glasses. He was thin framed, but strong and the way he talked was intimidatingly nonchalant—or secretive—Sarah couldn’t tell which. 
Nick spoke slowly and calmly, almost mocking the prospective recruits. “Welcome to Poverty Point. This is one of the ancient—and hidden—Brotherhood hideouts. As far as we can tell, the Brotherhood hid one of the Sun Stones somewhere in these caves, but keep your wits about you, because anciently the Brotherhood was very good at...let’s say making it difficult to get to the Stones. So consider this a proving ground. It is your last trial before you are inducted into the Brotherhood. Anyone who makes it back alive will be hired, so don’t kill each other off down there. 
“Now when you have found the door, you will need a key that the nanos are carrying. They will open the door for you.” Walking over to an invisible computer, Nick rested his left hand on an invisible table and grabbed an invisible mouse with his other hand. He looked at a computer screen that Sarah couldn’t see, moving the mouse. Then he suddenly looked up, his hand still on the mouse, poised to click. “There are so many people in this world and every one of them will eventually die, but how many of them can say that they have truly lived their lives and made their dreams come true? This is your chance to achieve something magnificent. Now bring us back that stone.” And with that, Nick’s finger hit the mouse and he was gone. 
One of the nanos walked to the middle of the room, pushed a button, and instantly the mountains and grass vanished. Taking off the glasses and passing them to the nanos, Sarah’s eyes had to adjust to the darkness again. There was only one exit from this cavern besides the tunnel they had come in through. The fifteen or so recruits funneled toward the next tunnel, whooping and yelling their battle cries. Sarah paused at the entrance, finding herself moved by the end of Nick’s speech. I want to say that I lived my life. 
Sarah was the type of girl that would never catch herself dead in high heels, but if someone would dare say she was a tomboy, she’d slap him. Her hobby and aspiration in life was to climb ladders—social ladders. She was the president of her class in high school, and of her sorority in college. And the sweet irony that was provided by this opportunity to climb to the top of a secret brotherhood, being a woman, was too much for Sarah to pass up.
She preferred guns to getting her hands dirty with hand-to-hand combat, but after being trained with them, she was too lazy to go through the process of getting her own and never felt the pressing need to own one. Standing at the entrance to the dark tunnel, though, she suddenly felt that pressing need as if it were the darkness itself surrounding her. 
She caught up to a small group of recruits that she recognized from some of the earlier orientations. Their conversation was casual yet excited, but not overbearing and arrogant like most of the others. 
“How are we going to know the door when we see it?” One man asked the other two in the group. 
“And how are we going to see a little glow-in-the-dark stone with all the light that this baby puts out?” Said another, pointing to his large flashlight. 
Recognizing an opportunity to mentally overpower her peers, Sarah stayed with the group. The three men were named Morris, Starsky, and Luther. In the excitement of the moment, no one offered more information than his name, so Sarah followed suit. Since the highly embarrassing day that Sarah started wearing the white glove on her bad hand, she had something of an anxiety attack every time she met someone new. This time she was able to let it pass without escalation after none of them asked about it or even seemed to notice it. 
Walking quickly down the tunnel and coming to a ‘Y’, they listened as the group of recruits that arrived before them was arguing over which way to go. Some of them walked down the left tunnel without continuing the argument. Others contended sharply that one way was the right way. More recruits followed the assured voices of other leaders down one or the other tunnel and quickly Sarah and her group were the only ones at the ‘Y.’ 
She convinced them to go to the right for no particular reason and soon the tunnel opened up to a large, open, dark, cavern. Others in front of them held out their hands to stop them from moving any further and pointed to the ground in front of them. Sarah looked and noticed that there was no ground in front of them! Looking quickly to her right and left, she saw that at the mouth of the tunnel there was a rectangular cliff big enough for a dozen people, but then it dropped off into the darkness. The nearest thing she could see with the scarce light was a wooden bridge with handrails that lay parallel to the cliff about fifteen feet away. 
“It’s too far to jump,” one said. 
Just then there was a creaking sound in the distance straight ahead, but it was gone as soon as it was heard. As all of the recruits recoiled towards the cave, one shouted in excitement, “I think that was me guys! Check it out.”
He corralled everyone to the left side of the cliff, pointing at a rectangular stone that looked like a button, jutting out of the floor. It was darker than the stone ground around it, which was darker than the ground around that. He stomped on it emphatically and the creaking again sprang from the distance. He removed his foot and the creaking continued for a few seconds and then stopped. This time he held it down for several seconds and the creaking became louder and quicker, but then it stopped.
“It sounds like the bridge is moving way over there,” Morris concluded.
“Why isn’t moving right there where we can see it?” asked another.
    Luther answered, “The bridge is probably split into sections. Maybe there’s something that will spin the section that we can see right here to us.”
Everyone seemed to agree that Luther’s idea was good enough and they began scouring the floor for another button. The rectangular cliff wasn’t very large, though, and in mere seconds someone else had found another button. This one was on the right side of the cliff and looked exactly like the first. The recruit who found it triumphantly planted his foot on it and everyone watched as the section of bridge that their lights reached creaked and spun swiftly, stopping just an inch from the edge of the cliff. Shouts of joy rang through the cave as everyone congratulated the boy, but instead of celebrating, Sarah was the first on the bridge.
She tried to step lightly, but her quick reflex to get on the bridge before the others was not conducive of controlled foot work. The wood cracked and creaked as she put both feet on it and the wooden hand rail felt like it would fall off at the drop of a fly’s wing. Because of her speed, however, no one else made it to the bridge before it began swiftly spinning back the way it came and away from everyone’s light. Cursing herself for not having her own flashlight on, Sarah careened backward right into the hand rail which cracked and snapped. The spinning of the bridge pushed her harder into the feeble rail and it crumbled under her weight. As it fell into the dark abyss, she flung her body to the side and landed on the edge of the bridge, inches from an endless fall.
The bridge stopped spinning so that it was perfectly parallel with the cliff again. Sarah kept her eyes closed and purposely breathed heavily, groping the edge of the bridge, trying to tell herself that she was on it safely. Still lying there, the reality of what just happened sunk in, and she clung with her life to the bridge, unmoving. The others called out to her, but she could only manage a feeble whisper.
Gaining composer, she yelled back that she was fine and slowly balanced herself to her feet. “What happened?” She yelled out, her voice echoing into the darkness.
“Sorry, my bad. I took my foot off the button.”
As she mumbled to herself, one of the recruits yelled over for her to get ready, because they were going to spin the bridge again. Crouching down and grabbing on to the edge of the bridge with one hand and the rail on the other side, she exhaled nervously.
The bridge spun back swiftly without problems, and the boys filed on.
“This isn’t going to hold all of you!” Sarah exclaimed. “Some of you wait there. I think I saw a connecting bridge when it spins back. The rest of you can get on the second time.”
One of the boys approached her arrogantly. “Listen, woman. I’m not going to—“
“Do what she says, idiot,” Starsky interrupted, smiling at her.
Smiling a fake thank-you, she turned toward the darkness. Deep somewhere in her heart she was truly grateful, but on the surface she was thinking, How dare he defend me like that! I don’t need defending. I can stand up for myself. She quickly put it out of her mind and focused on the bridge spinning and holding on. 
When it stopped this time, Sarah could clearly see two sections of bridge, one on each side of the section she was standing on. Before anyone could make it to one of the other sections of bridge, one of them called out, saying he found something. Everyone stopped and looked at the middle of the bridge on the wooden flooring. There was another button just like the others. “Hold on,” the man said before he pushed it. The bridge swung back to perpendicular with the cliff and the recruits on the bridge stared blankly at the ones on the cliff. 
The recruit holding down the button warned again that he was going to let go of the button. Sarah braced herself, but nothing happened. The bridge remained motionless. 
“It didn’t pop back up. I’m going to push it again. Hang on.” 
As he pushed the button again, the bridge creaked back to its original position. Sarah started feeling dizzy, but dug her feet hard into the floor to secure herself. 
“Cool,” said Luther. “This button will keep the bridge there.” 
“But now which way?” asked another. 
“I think I see a cliff over that way. I’m going left,” said the boy who argued with Sarah earlier. 
Just to spite him, Sarah decided to go right, but being in the middle of everyone, when they all went towards the left, she was compelled to go with them or be knocked to the ground—or worse. They all shuffled carefully onto the next section of the bridge and one of them found the button in the middle. Without asking if everyone was on, he hit the button and the bridge swung quietly to rest at another cliff. 
Following the flow of the group, Sarah heard the creak of the first bridge spinning back toward the mouth of the cave. Glad to be back on solid ground, Sarah stopped and watched the others. Morris, Starsky, and Luther found Sarah and stayed behind with her. 
The cliff was larger than the first, but there was no entrance to another tunnel that they could see at first. Sarah had seen it almost right away, but had said nothing. After a few moments, the others realized that about ten or fifteen feet up, there was another cliff and the entrance to another tunnel. The cliff face was rough enough that it would be possible to climb up to the entrance, and no sooner had the recruits realized there was an entrance up there than they jumped on the wall and began climbing frantically to the top like an army of ants racing to food. 
Starsky and Luther were about to join them, but Morris told them that Sarah thought it was back the other way. Like obedient children, they turned with Sarah and got back on the wooden bridge. Sarah smiled within herself. She had already gained control over these weak-minded fools. They would already follow her blindly. That was too easy, she thought musingly. 
The other group of recruits that had waited to get on the first section of bridge, had now passed them, going from the original section of bridge, perpendicular to the cliff, straight to another section that had been controlled by the first button they had found. They left the bridge perpendicular to the cliff, and Starsky called out to one of them to spin the bridge for them to pass. 
One of them walked back to the section of bridge, spun it so that it connected to the section that Sarah was on, and after Sarah and her group had passed to the next section, he spun it back and rejoined his own group. 
Sarah thought to take out her flashlight, but decided against it. The other three provided enough light that she didn’t need her own. It gave her a measure of power over them that she didn’t want to pass up. 
Arriving at the end of this section of bridge, they ran into darkness, but could see a perpendicular section of bridge far away. Luther spotted another section to their right that they could reach if they spun the one they were on. Finding the button in the middle of the bridge, Starsky bent down and slowly pushed it into the wooden floor in a way that made him look like a little kid, waiting for something magical to happen. 
The next section of the bridge was a dead end like the last, but by spinning it they reached yet another section of bridge. Again they had to spin this next section of bridge. This time it spun to the left. Sarah walked calmly to the next section of bridge, trying not to show her extreme excitement. She felt like an explorer, or an adventurer like Indiana Jones. Her heart beat faster with each section of bridge that she passed. It was almost like a game, or a puzzle, and she was having the time of her life. This dark, enclosed wonderland awakened feelings and dreams that she didn’t realize she had. But she couldn’t let anyone else see that. Strong emotions can open the possibility weakness, which she could not afford in her journey to the top of the Gadianton Brotherhood. 
The section of bridge that they were currently on was lined up perfectly with another section so that they didn’t have to spin it. They walked from this one to the next thinking that it was too easy. At the end of the new section, they saw that this one too was lined up with the next one. Their luck ran out, though, and at the end of this section, they ran into nothingness. Without even looking to see if there was a connecting section of bridge perpendicular to them, Luther spun the bridge. This one moved very slowly and creaked loudly. It sounded like the wooden braces were breaking below them. Several failed escape plans that would lead only to them falling into the darkness flew through Sarah’s mind. In their current position, there was nothing that they could really do if this section of bridge broke. They would certainly be doomed. As she pushed herself for a solution and tried to calm her ever-heavier breathing, the creaking grew louder and more piercing. She wouldn’t look at any of the others, but she was embarrassed to know that they definitely saw her and her fear. Were they scared too? She didn’t take the time to notice them. 
And then it stopped. The bridge finished its slow quarter turn as calmly as stagnant water. Sarah exhaled deeply and hustled off the bridge onto the rock cliff, grateful to get off of wooden bridges and onto something more solid. The cliff was even smaller than the one at the mouth of the tunnel, and the only thing to look at was another tunnel. The tunnel’s entrance was carved into a rectangle with perfect 90 degree angles. Sarah was still flustered from the bridges so that she didn’t stop to appreciate the craftsmanship. Instead, she led the other three into the tunnel almost speed walking.  
Her left hand was sweating in the glove; a sensation she always hated. Normally she would have slinked into a bathroom or a corner and take her hand out to let it breath, but there was nowhere that would have afforded her privacy in this small tunnel. She didn’t want to call attention to it, and so far none of her three lackeys had noticed it—or mentioned it at least.  
The tunnel was only a few yards long and ended at a dead end. Anxiety filled Sarah again at the thought of going back to those bridges so soon. Luckily, though, Morris spotted something that made them stay. The shape of a door was cut into the stone, but the wall was flat. There were no other marks and no apparent way to open the door. On the right-hand wall a carved circle encompassing a shallow, scorpion-shaped imprint stared out at them. Although it would have been hard to tell that the imprint was a scorpion, it was familiar to Sarah and the other three; it was the Brotherhood’s symbol. 
“We found it!” Luther and Starsky gave each other a high five. 
Morris turned to Sarah to congratulate her. She gave a relieved yet calm smile, not wanting to show on the outside that on the inside she was jumping up and down and shouting for joy. She wasn’t all that surprised that she had found the door. The other prospective recruits were probably lost in some dark tunnel somewhere.
Luther radioed the nanos for the key to open the door.
Sarah imagined her return to Nick. She saw his proud face congratulate her. Her ascent had already begun; Nick would probably make her his number two after such a speedy recovery of the Sun Stone. She would get all of them back for him before anyone else in the Brotherhood knew she was there. She would be hailed as a hero and be made their leader. And with that power ... her thoughts trailed off as a nano arrived.
So quickly? Did it—err he—fly?
Without a word, he walked over to Sarah and placed a red rune in her hand. She made sure to hold out her right hand so the glove wouldn’t be seen. She examined it in her hand. It looked like a jewel that shined beautifully with the lights from the others’ lamps and flashlights. It was intricately carved into a scorpion, tail poised to strike.
“It’s sapphire,” Morris declared. “Pure sapphire throughout.”
Wow, she thought. Incredibly beautiful ... and worth a fortune. Sarah took the rune and placed it into the scorpion shaped imprint in the carved circle on the wall. It fit perfectly in the hole. For fear of such a precious gem falling, she held her hand on, looking to her left at the door carved into the wall, expecting it to open. It did nothing. Not knowing exactly what to do, she strained to turn the mechanism and when that failed, to push it into the wall using only her right hand. Her shadow danced in the lamps’ light on the wall. It’s stuck! Well, after thousands of years what do you expect, Sarah. She motioned to the three men behind her and stepped back. Starsky was the first to step forward and with both hands, easily pushed the carved circle into the wall. It went inward several inches and then began turning by itself.  It turned a quarter turn to the left. The circle pushed itself back outward until it was flat with the wall. 
The door on the adjacent wall slid backward and then slowly to the left with loud grinding that shook the floor. Sarah turned and saw the brilliant, blinding white light seeping through the opening door. She covered her eyes, but one of the nanos handed her a pair of glasses. Behind the glasses, she saw only darkness around her—even staring at a lamp—except for the light coming from the room. It’s so bright. Glorious. She felt a strange warmth emanating from the room. It was the feeling of a warm summer’s day. It hit her senses like a wall. She began to feel that all was good in the world and that she was capable of anything. She stared in awe at the light. 
Suddenly her own fear overpowered the warmth, suppressed it. It’s a ruse, a trick. Don’t fall into its power. She noticed the small shadows in the corners on this side of the door that the Stone’s light did not reach and drunk in their coldness.
Luther ran into the room like an excited child. “No! The fire,” Morris blurted out and lunged toward Luther. It was too late. The three left outside the room stared at each other as the nanos shook their heads in silence. With the light from the room, Sarah saw the worried look on the faces of both Morris and Starsky, but noticed in contrast that she herself felt no worry for him at all. She knew what would happen, but it was Luther’s own fault, she told herself. 
It all happened in slow motion. No sooner had the door opened at Luther ran in, than jets of flame shot out from the walls and floor. Luther screamed high and long. Sarah could not see into the room because of the bright light. ...4...3...2...1...now. The fire stopped. 
Morris and Starsky scrambled into the room after the flames died down. Sarah calmly entered the room that was still scalding hot. Morris and Starsky squatted down to look at Luther, but didn’t dare to touch him. He made soft whimpering sounds as he curled into a ball. The foul smell of burnt flesh stung her nose. She curling her mouth in disgust and flared her nose at the smell. Fool, she thought. He deserved that. Sarah was not looking at him; she was staring at the middle of the room, or trying at least. Squinting behind the glasses, she tried to make out the form of the source of the light. It was a small rounded object from what she could see. What a sight! It’s so small. How is that possible? And to think, we are the first ones in centuries to see it again. 
A feeling of peace poked at her heart, trying to enter.





Chapter 6

“Zeck, we need you right away, chap. We have an uninvited guest.” Ryan’s voice sounded in Zeck’s earpiece. The computer simulation even conveyed the urgency in Ryan’s voice. 
Zeck popped his knuckles. “Alright, what have you got?”
“Blake and I found an intruder in the Stone room. I wager it is the alien bloke who shot at us. We have him here now…and we need help,” Ryan said.
“He already made it to the Stone room?” So, the hawk has flown from his nest. “I told them we should have tightened security here. You never can be too safe with glowing Stones of righteousness in the bosom of the stronghold of Hope.”
Zeck made his way to the Stone room and saw Ryan and Blake aiming their Beretta pistols at the intruder who had his arms raised in defeat. The Stone was in a darkly tinted glass container, but the light was seeping out all over the room. When Zeck got close enough to see who the intruder was, he smiled mockingly at the man’s red bandanna across his forehead, his ripped jeans, and dirty t-shirt. Is this it? The harbinger of evil? He looks like a hippy prophet. No. This can’t be the Kenny Lincoln. He looks too young. He’s supposed to be 40 something. 
 Lincoln’s head was cocked to one side and stared fiercely at Zeck. A thin trail of blood trickled from his hand down his arm and he was breathing slowly, calmly. 
“So...Hawk? Isn’t that what they call you at the nut house, Lincoln?”
Kenny straightened his head and maintained eye contact. “I just want what’s mine. Then I’ll go back to my nut house.” 
Zeck laughed and shook his head. “Can’t do that, old man. You’re just going to have to go back to your alien farm.”
Zeck motioned to Ryan and Blake, telling them to bring the prisoner, and turned to leave. Zeck suddenly felt a kick in the back and stumbled to the ground. He quickly got to his feet and turned around. By the time he turned back around, Ryan was on the floor. Blake raised his gun, but Lincoln side-stepped it and hit his arm, dropping the gun. Lincoln turned to grab the glass container holding the Stone, but was quickly and suddenly detoured by Zeck’s elbow. Two guns forcefully jabbed into his back. Zeck breathed heavy. “Good try, alien man, but the Avenger triumphs. Grab him and follow me.” Maintaining their guns in his side, Blake and Ryan secured Lincoln by the arms and begun dragging him out the door.  
Half way down the hall, Lincoln decided to walk instead of being dragged. Zeck was even more annoyed by this than when they were dragging him, because he was walking slowly and with a limp. 
“What’s wrong? Why are you limping?” 
Staring Zeck in the eyes piercingly, Lincoln answered, “Why don’t you ask whoever was driving that jeep of yours.” 
Suddenly remembering, Zeck laughed. 


***


Kenny Lincoln sat in the middle of a small, bright room. The walls were white and the room had little furniture. He sat with his legs folded up on the seat, his back straight against the back of the chair, his chin up, eyes closed, and his mouth relaxed. His arms rested on his legs and his shoulders slowly moved up and down as he breathed. Zeck looked at him through the one-way glass window. Meditating? Not only does he worship aliens, but he practices Zen, too? What a wacko. This is going to be interesting.
As Vinny Athens walked through the door, Zeck asked, “Should I ask him if he wants some incense, or maybe he prefers something a little stronger?”
“He would probably take both,” Vinny said.
“How’s your son recovering?”
“He’s fine. The doctors expect full recovery. He’ll have the cast off his leg in no time.” 
We all know Leon will be fine. It’s your daughter I worry about, thought Zeck. Zeck nodded in approval and then turned again to the window.
Vinny also turned and looked through the window, smiling. “Still looking young. I knew he would come after his Stone.” 
“His Stone? That’s blasphemy,” Zeck complained. “And you wanted him to come? Look at him; he’s a freak.” 
“Now I know he’s a little strange, but you’ll have to learn to work together. He’s going to join us and find the other Sun Stones.”
“What? Help us? We don’t need his help. Besides, we don’t really know anything about this guy, Vinn.” Zeck gestured calmly with his hands. “I thought we were going to lock him up, or question him then let him go, or something. I don’t know if I want him with us. It could endanger the mission. These alien types don’t mix well with Lady Justice.”
Vinny rolled his eyes, sighed, and continued, “I know enough about him. And you saw why he’ll be useful. Anyway, he won’t just leave us alone. He will keep coming after us, and if he isn’t on our side, he will be a thorn in our side now that we have his Stone. He needs that Stone.” Vinny smiled. “Almost more than we do.”
He needs the Stone? Who cares if the Harbinger of Evil needs a Sun Stone. The Avenger doesn’t need his help.
“Now when you talk to him, try not to call him the Harbinger of Evil or accuse him of devil worship, okay?” 
“I call it like I see it, Vinn.” 
Vinny laughed. “Now go get him on our side.” 
Outside Lincoln’s door, Zeck put a black, plastic headband on and ran the wire to a small box on his belt. Ryan and Blake beside him did the same. 
Ryan on his left was wide-eyed and rubbing his hands. Ryan was as innocent as a kid, and just as loyal. He was goofy and didn’t take things serious enough sometimes, but Zeck trusted him. Except for the annoying British accent, he was a good teammate. 
Blake to his right stood erect and stone faced. Blake was a silent fellow. Zeck wasn’t sure if he felt like he was forced to be with them because he couldn’t find any other line of work, or he was just afraid of them, or shy. Zeck had heard him laughing and being jovial when he talked on his cell with his friends, but Zeck could never crack his defenses enough to get more than a smile. Maybe he didn’t respect Zeck as his leader, but he had never seemed insubordinate or disobeyed an order. 
Zeck popped his knuckles, sighed, said, “Let’s make this count, boys,” and opened the door. 


***

The room smelled like a freshly cleaned class room. The smell made Kenny think about his daughter, Penny, who was in college trying to make more of her life than her dad or her brother ever had. She was studying to be a world history professor. Kenny was proud of her, and hoped she would use her education to make a better life for herself. Kenny had gone to college too, but his education had gone unused. Then again, not completely, he thought, because that is where he met Amy. They were studying archeology together. He remembered her laughing at one of his stupidities while they studied for a test. He loved her laugh and her smile. He pictured the way she would rock back and forth slightly when she laughed. For a moment he felt at home. She sure ruined that one Machu Picchu project we did. Kenny laughed to himself. 
Suddenly the door opened. Kenny didn’t move. His eyes were closed, but he was quite aware of the white room he was in. The air vent was loudly blowing in air and the sound of every movement bounced off the white tile on the walls and the floor. 
Three men walked in. Or were there four? No. Three. Kenny imagined the face of the idiot wearing the white uniform. He would be the first to pay. He was probably the one driving the jeep, too. How does he know so much about me? 
“So, you want your Sun Stone back, do you?” The man had a deep commanding tone.
Kenny didn’t move. He immediately knew it was the idiot in the white uniform. Why does he call it a sun stone? 
Again the moron spoke, “What would someone like you be needing a Stone like that for? Did your alien buddies tell you to get it for them?” 
Kenny didn’t move. He’s just playing with me. Don’t give in…wait, this could be a trap. It’s probably the FBI or CIA. They wanted me to follow them. How could I be so stupid? I walked right into their warehouse and got captured. But with an idiot like this leading the interrogation it can’t be. And they don’t dress like that, all in white. Yeah, it can’t be the FBI. But still, how does he know about the Grays?
“It sure was easy to steal his precious stone. By the way he guarded it, you would think it’s pretty important to him.”
The man on the right snickered. Kenny slightly moved his head to point towards the sounds. He’s jus ...playing. Don’t...give in.
The man’s deep voice began irritating Kenny like nails on a chalkboard. “Do you guys remember his face when that jeep came up over the hill? He was like—now let me get it right—Help me! Help me!” They laughed.
Kenny’s jaw tightened and his eyes sprang open. Immediately his gaze stuck to the man in all white, the man whom he had fought earlier; the man was dressed in a white uniform with a black patch on the shoulder and a black headband. Compared to the other two in black uniforms, he stuck out like a designated driver. The three men were now standing directly in front of Kenny. The one in white and one other had their arms folded and were leaning slightly backwards, arrogantly laughing within themselves. The third one wore a big, almost welcoming smile. Kenny focused intently on the eyes of the man in white. Is that fear in his eyes? Or maybe cowardice or incompetence.
The three of them looked at each other and gestured as if having a conversation. Kenny didn’t hear anything. He thought they were trying to play mind games with him. He narrowed his eyes and kept staring at the man in white. Kenny paid attention to his every move: the controlled way he moved his weight from one foot to the other; the confident hand gestures.
“He can’t even talk. I think that jeep knocked you back to childhood, old man.”
He’s not worth my time. He’s just a elementary school bully trying to act tough. Kenny’s body and face relaxed. He suddenly felt in control of the situation and no longer threatened by his captors. As he relaxed, his mind caught hold of something he had forgotten in the all the hubbub. Oh yeah, I almost forgot, where’s Sparrow? I need to find him before I go. It. I need to find it, not him. Kenny calmly said, “Just return my stone to me and I’ll go back to my alien farm.”
The man in white looked surprised, and then angry. Now I’m in control. The three men shot each other glances and quick gestures. The smiley one, smiled quickly and then looked away from Kenny. Is this some sort of telepathy? What is going on?
“So you can still talk. I was scared that jeep scared the words right out of you. So, what’s the Sun Stone to you?”
“The Grays gave it to us. It’s a promise they are coming back. And why do you call it a sun stone?”
“The Grays?” The man in white laughed. “Is that what you call your extraterrestrial comrades?”
“They won’t be happy. They are much more advanced than you, even than your goofy headbands. It would be quite easy for them to take their stone back and teach a little kid a lesson.” I have him on the run now.
The man in white straightened his back even more, puffed his chest, and put his fists on his hips. “No satanic alien life form can scare the Avenger of Justice. I fear no evil; and certainly not the self-proclaimed messenger of the Grays.” He laughed and resumed his normal posture. The man on the left rolled his eyes and sighed while the one on the right shook his head and looked at the floor. This guy is crazy. The Avenger of Justice?
Kenny uncrossed his legs and planted them on the floor deliberately forcefully. “Is that what you call this operation? The Avengers? The Justice League? And is that patch on your shoulder the symbol of The Avenger? Are you the ring leader of this circus?”
The Avenger’s voice echoed in Kenny’s ears. “Do not mock Lady Justice, alien befriender, or you will feel the righteous blade of her sword.” 
Righteous blade? What is this guy on? 
“This symbol is Orion, the Hunter,” the Avenger continued, “symbol of the Friends of Zarahemla. We have taken the Sun Stone that was in your possession because it is one of the 16 powerful Sun Stones that we have been protecting from the Evil Ones for centuries.” The man on the right turned and looked at the large mirror, shaking his head. 
Kenny assumed there was someone behind the mirror, watching the whole show, but what the Avenger had just revealed to him had struck him wordless. 
Sixteen stones? 
“I am Zeck and this is Ryan and Blake. Soon you will meet Vinny, the leader of the Friends of Zarahemla. And you, oh messenger of space creatures, are going to help us get back the rest of the Stones.” The man in white turned and strode out of the room with the other two following him.
Sixteen? All this time...sixteen stones. I knew it. We’re not the only ones. There are fifteen other groups trying to bring the Grays back. I can’t wait to tell Brandon.
 





Chapter 7

Mantis lay face down in the desert sand. His legs were stretched out and his fists clenched near his head. The house had been burning for an hour now and even the burning frame now began collapsing. The tents had evaporated long ago. 
A few other men and women sat near Mantis. There was no laughter, no joy. He only heard the crackling of wood burning, crying and low, somber voices. The stinging headache returned and he winced, absorbing the pain. 
Incoherent thoughts whizzed through his mind. Who? Was it a dream? Why? What are we going to do? Our dreams...the Grays? His heart still beat fast and his breathing had only begun to slow in the last few minutes. 
He felt a hand on his back, but he refused to lift his head. He heard a low voice swear revenge against the unknown perpetrator. His mind now focused on the picture in his mind of the people who left his house and his people like this. They had seemed to move like robots, or perfect, synchronized soldiers. The picture of an embossed scorpion popped into his mind. He couldn’t remember if he saw the scorpion on their backs or their chests or arms, but he hated that image of a scorpion that was burned into his memory. 
“You okay, Mantis?” 
Again he felt a hand on his back. He heard his own muffled reply. “Yeah.”
“Too bad Hawk wasn’t here, huh? He probably would have stopped ‘em.”
“Or been killed,” another voice interjected.
“Shouldn’t we be trying to help him? He might need us.”
Mantis would not lift his head. 
“We need to let him know,” Bulldog declared. “Mantis, we need to tell Hawk. We need to tell him that whoever stole the Gray’s stone came back and they destroyed our home.”
Slowly Mantis rolled over just enough to see Bulldog’s sneakers not a foot from his body.
“And now we have a clue as to who they are: that red scorpion symbol. But how…how can we let him know? My cell phone melted.”
“Anyway, his number says it’s disconnected.”
“What about your little science project,” someone called out. “Doesn’t that connect to the Internet?”
A light turned on in Bulldog’s head. “Totally! Dude, I made an app for that on my iPhone.”
Mantis sprung to his feet. The pain surged through his body and he fell to his knees. Using his hand for balance at first, he pulled himself up to his feet and wobbled to Bulldog’s side.
“Can you talk to him with that…what did you call it...app?”
“Talk to him? I can control all of Sparrow’s functions right from here. Not only can we talk to Hawk, we’ll be able to see him and find him on the map.”
“Great. That’s impressive. I’ll be right back.”
He waddled past the burning house frame and far beyond it. His whole body was sore, but he kept walking. Everyone was staring at him or following him and asking blurry questions. He walked a few hundred feet past the house. He finally arrived at a tarp that covered his BMW. He whipped off the tarp and spun around to face the growing crowd.
“Bulldog and I are going to get in touch with Hawk. Bear, take Fox and two others and go to the town library, get online, and start finding us a place to rebuild. We’re not dying off that easily.”
“They only have one computer with dial-up,” Fox commented. “We should go to Canyon City. Their library is good.”
Accepting, Mantis waved his hand, telling them to get going. “That’s fine. Just find us a good spot. Bear, you know what I’m looking for, right? Good.”
Four people piled into the car and they took off down the road.
Turning back to the crowd, Mantis continued, “Anyone with a working cell phone call the families of those that...have left us.”
Returning to Bulldog’s side, he peered over his shoulder at the small screen. He thought to himself how small the screen looked. How can he see anything with that?
“What have you found? Do you see Hawk?”
“Sparrow was outside a warehouse. I’m flying through it now, but it looks pretty dead. Ain’t nobody home. Wait there’s a light, in that door.”
Bulldog angled his phone forward and Sparrow flew towards the door. As Sparrow spun to the right to look in the window, Kenny slowly came into view on the small screen. He sat with his arms crossed at his chest and his head cocked to one side—obviously thinking—with a mused smile on his face.
Sparrow floated there without being noticed.
“So what do we do to talk to him?” Mantis urged.
“Oh, duh. Here.” Bulldog pushed a few buttons and then nodded in Mantis’ direction.
“Hawk!” 
Hawk didn’t move.
“Can’t you like knock on the door with that thing?” Mantis whispered to Bulldog.
“Not really, but let’s try this.” Bulldog pushed a few more buttons and excitedly jerked the phone up and down and back and forth.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m flashing a laser pointer all over the room.”
Bulldog stopped. Mantis could see Hawk getting to his feet and opening the door. He looked both ways down the hall and motioned for Sparrow to enter.
“Hawk. It’s me, Mantis.”
Kenny sat back down and Bulldog maneuvered down to Kenny’s eye level.
“Are you okay?”
Kenny responded, “I’m fine. And call me Kenny around here. These guys don’t care for us or the Grays at all.”
You’re darn right they don’t care. 
“Brandon, hey, listen, I was right—“
“Great, well we aren’t okay. You’re new friends here came back and burned our house down. It’s gone! And everything we’ve been working on.”
A fire sparked in Kenny’s eye that even from the video on the screen Mantis could see. Kenny’s hands, that had been relaxed, balled into fists and his eyebrows and mouth dropped. “What? Is everyone okay? Did my son make it out?” Mantis could see Kenny’s whole body tensing in anger. Oh, he’s mad now. Good.
“Those people are all dead. He’s gonna pwn them so bad!” Bulldog mused under his breath.
“Bulldog is fine. He’s here with me.”
“Sup pops?”
“Grasshopper got burned pretty badly. Snake, Toad, and Penguin all didn’t...didn’t make it out.”
Kenny flew to his feet and yelled, “Zack. Zack!”
“What are you doing?” Mantis demanded.
A man dressed in white waltzed into the room. “It’s Zeck. Not Zack. Get it right, alien befriender. What is that flying gizmo?”
Without warning, Kenny grabbed him by the throat and pushed him up against the mirror. Two men came flying into the room and pulled out pistols, threatening Kenny. 
“Pwn that fool, Hawk!” exclaimed Bulldog.
Mantis hit Bulldog on the shoulder. “Don’t be stupid, Hawk. Live today, fight tomorrow.”
“What did you do to my house?” Kenny demanded.
“Don’t do it. Kenny!”





Chapter 8

Sarah was ushered into the study of Nick’s house. She hadn’t been given the chance to change her clothes or even clean up after her excursion underground and so she stood there, awkwardly, in her dirty jeans, messed up hair, and leather jacket. She held in her hand a dark orb that was big enough that she had to hold it with two hands that was given to her at Poverty Point. Inside the orb was the Sun Stone she had recovered. Sarah was amazed to see that the orb could contain the Stone’s awesome light, but nonetheless only enough light escaped to illuminate her hands. 
Nick was on the phone at a desk on the other side of his room. As much as Sarah felt it was wrong to listen in on an important phone call, she knew what her goals were and thought that any advantage would be useful. She looked around the room, as if wistfully admiring it, but her rapt attention was on the conversation. 
“No, by the time they arrived, it was already gone...I knew we should have acted quicker! I didn’t think Zarahemla would know about that one...It was burned, of course...No, did you want them all dead?...They are no threat to us—except one maybe—but he wasn’t there...Kenny Lincoln...I don’t think he will be a problem, but if he shows up, we must be ready to take decisive action...yes sir.” 
Kenny Lincoln?, thought Sarah as the conversation ended. An enemy of theirs? 
Nick got up from the desk gracefully and walked smoothly toward Sarah with a professional smile that Sarah could tell he was faking. “I’m sorry about that. There are obstacles in every business you know. Now let’s see, you are Sarah Drews, the new recruit that found the Stone.”
Sarah knew that getting above her up-line would probably be the hardest step. Once she was either on the same level as Nick, or higher, her ascent into the Brotherhood would be much easier. This being the hardest step, she had to do it right.
“I was inspired by your words in the cave: ‘Not everyone can say they have lived their life, but everyone dies.’” Nick did not seem impressed. Sarah continued bravely, “Here is the Sun Stone I found.” Sarah opened the dark orb to show him the Stone, but when the light flooded the room so that Nick had to cover his eyes and Sarah couldn’t see anything else but the white light, she quickly closed it. “Whoa, too bright. Sorry, sir. This Stone is amazing. There are more of them, right? That’s what I’ll be retrieving for you, right, sir?” 
Nick smiled, but it was not a warm, friendly smile. It sent chills down Sarah’s spine. Nick had an air about him that could freeze happiness in its tracks and make a baby cry. Reading his face, Sarah saw his desire to use her. She knew that he thought he had found someone that would take the fall for his mistakes or give him the praise for her success. And that was exactly what Sarah wanted him to think. 
“And there were no problems?” 
“Luther.” She shook her head. “Forgot about the ten seconds of flames.” 
“Looks like more than one person around here has issues with fire. Too bad.” Smiling again, Nick turned around and walked towards the fireplace. 
Sarah’s memory of her hand burning made her feel light-headed for a brief moment. She rubbed her gloved hand shamefully and felt a growing hatred for her new boss.  
“He’s still alive...Morris thinks he’ll make it.” 
Nick turned back around, raised one eyebrow and said nonchalantly, “Oh.” 
He’s even more heartless than me. That will be his downfall.
“Good work, Sarah. They will be pleased. I’ll mention your name to the Board.”
I’m sure you will, she thought coldly. “Oh thank you, sir.” Sarah smiled. “I am at the service of the Brotherhood for whatever is needed.”
Finally looking around at the room, Sarah noticed that his study was an impressive library. Books lined the walls, almost reaching the ceiling. The light from the fireplace danced on the walls around them. The fire light was the only light in the room except a light coming from the hall and a small lamp on a desk near the window. There was a globe on a table next to the chair beside her and a map of the world spread out on the desk. There were a few animal heads on the wall above the fireplace and animal skins and other rare artifacts were plastered, shamelessly arrogantly, around the room. 
Nick sat in a large arm chair and placed the orb with the Sun Stone inside in his lap, delicately placing his hands on top of it. His hands glowed from the small amount of light that escaped the orb. He stared at Sarah. Sarah glanced around the books and at the globe; anything to inconspicuously avoid eye contact. Is he staring at me? I’m dirty and tired and I’m not even showing any skin. What is he looking at?
“Sarah, my dear, sit down.” Sarah cautiously slid into the nearest chair. “Some of the Sun Stones were lost individually—by themselves—and right now we have some agents searching for those ‘straggler’ Stones.” 
Nick paused just long enough so that Sarah didn’t know if he wanted a response or not. “Oh. Good. I hope they find them,” she awkwardly stammered.
“Zarahemla got to one of them before we could. Seems they knew about it for a long time, and when we got wind of it, they moved in.”
“So they did get back together. Well, we’ll get the other ones, sir.” Was that too positive? Does he like positive people?
“Focus, Sarah. We must focus.” 
His words pierced her like an arrow. “I uh...was just trying to...di—“
“The Brotherhood. It must focus. The power in those Stones could change humanity, but if in the wrong hands...” Nick shook his head slowly. “If the Brotherhood expects to win this war, we must focus on finding the Resting Place.”
“The Resting Place, sir?” He is doing this on purpose. This is cruel. Why does he lead me on like this. He likes flaunting his power over me. Well, Nick, I can’t wait to see the day when you fall.
“The place where the rest of the Stones are. Like I told you earlier—hopefully you were listening. Only a few got lost separately and those stragglers are the ones that the Brotherhood is hunting. But most of them—twelve or so—were all deposited in the same place and then forgotten—or hidden. The board doesn’t believe this place exists. They think it’s a legend. The Brotherhood doesn’t want to waste man power on something that might not bare fruit. But I know it exists. I know where it is. And once we acquire the twelve or so Stones from the resting place, Zarahemla won’t have a chance. For the first time in centuries the Gadianton Brotherhood will be in control of the majority of the Sun Stones—these suns on Earth. The other board members don’t share my belief or enthusiasm. But it is the only way to secure our victory.
This is where you come in, Sarah. I think I can trust you and you’ve proven yourself so far, so I want you to go and secure the Stones in the resting place. Take Luth—Morris and Starsky. I don’t know if I’ll be able to allocate any of the nanos, but I’ll see what I can do. Maybe they won’t miss one or two.”
Time to suck up. “Oh thank you, sir. You are too kind. You can trust me. I won’t let you down. So, where are we headed?”





Chapter 9

A bald, stout man entered the room and pulled up a chair. He sat down calmly, but leaned forward aggressively. Another one with a dorky headband.
Blake and the guy with the fake British accent whose name Kenny had forgotten were holding Kenny’s arms tightly behind his back. Kenny relaxed as he saw how calmly the man sat down. This one looks familiar.
“I’m Vinn Athens. Vinny.” 
That name sounds familiar...
Vinny continued, “I am the leader of the Friends of Zarahemla whose goal it is to protect the sixteen Sun Stones; one of which you own.” 
“That’s right. I own it.” Kenny looked at Zeck as he emphasized his point. I’m beginning to like Vinny already.
“Take a seat.” Vinny gestured towards a chair.
Blake and the other guy reluctantly let go of Kenny. He calmly sat in the nearest chair, facing diagonally towards Vinny.
“Now the people who burned your house are called the Gadianton Brotherhood. That is what Zeck was telling you, but since you were choking him I don’t think you understood that part.”
“How are you sure it was them? And why should I trust you?”
Vinny gave a wry smile. “Is there anyone else that would have reason to burn your house down?”
What does he mean by that? Maybe this is the FBI...no, it can’t be, but this guy knows something about us.
Vinny quickly continued, “From what Zeck tells me, your friend Mantis sa—“
“Teacher and friend,” Kenny interjected.
“Yes, your teacher and friend, Mantis, saw a scorpion on their uniforms, right?”
Mantis’ voice came from Sparrow which was still hovering in the air at eye level. “Yes. A red scorpion.”
“Exactly. As you can see, we use the symbol of Orion.” Vinny pointed to the embossed symbol of a man with a bow and arrow on Vinny’s shoulder. “And the scorpion just happens to be the symbol of the Gadianton Brotherhood. Scorpius, actually.”
“Who are these guys, anyway? And who are you?” Kenny asked. It always seems like they are talking back and forth to each other silently. It has to be their stupid headbands. There has to be a way to know what they are saying. Maybe Sparrow can zero-in on the frequency they are using.
“They are our enemy.”
“And the very Evil Ones themselves,” added Zeck emphatically.
“Looks like they’ve been making a lot of enemies lately.”
Staring at Kenny, Zeck quipped, “Just like someone else I know.”
Vinny continued, “A few hundred years B.C. there were two countries in the Americas. The first was called the Nephites who were peaceful people and who protected the Stones from the other country. The other country called themselves the Lamanites and hated the Nephites. They were always trying to destroy or enslave them. One of the biggest things they fought over was possession of the Sun Stones. With the power of all sixteen Stones, the Lamanites would have easily been able to destroy the Nephites.” 
“That’s a nice story, but the stones came from the Grays.” Kenny interjected. “It’s their way of promising their return. They brought it here around the same time as the Roswell cover-up: 1947. So I don’t know who told you this story about the Nephites and Lamites, but you’re wasting your time.” 
Ryan timidly raised his hand. “That’s Nephites and Lamanites, chap. And no, actually the Nephites got them around 200 B.C., right Vinny?” 
Another brainwashed little yes-man. “And I’m wasting my time. I’ll just be taking my stone and getting back to the real world. Sparrow, let’s go.” Kenny stood up to leave.
    “Yes, sir.” The British mechanical voice spouted. Ryan whipped his head around and stared at the machine with a child-like smile. 
Without standing up or looking at Kenny, Vinny shook his head slightly and asked, “Why do you believe us that there are sixteen stones, but you don’t believe anything else we say?” 
Kenny slowly turned around. “There is one stone: mine. And if you give it back to me, I’ll think about forgiving you for ruining my Cadillac. If not, I am going to take it back.” 
Vinny still hadn’t moved. “I have hope, just like you, Kenny, that she isn’t gone forever, but Amy wasn’t taken by any alien. Kenny, maybe we can help you.” 
Zeck shot Vinny a confused look. He obviously didn’t know whatever Vinny knew.
“What?” Kenny narrowed his eyes and tightened his jaw. He pushed Zeck to the side and stood right over Vinny. Vinny didn’t turn. He kept looking forward. Look at me, coward. “I don’t know what you think you know about me, but you guys have crossed one too many lines today with me to be tossing her name out like that. And I don’t need you to be my shrink. You are going to give me what’s mine and get out of my life.” 
Vinny stood up and calmly looked into Kenny’s eyes. “You must have wondered where her mother got the Stone in the first place. And what about the tattoo? On her right shoulder. Of the Aztec calendar?” 
“The tattoo.” Kenny fell back into his seat as if Vinny’s words themselves had pushed him. Vinny had broken all his defenses and now Kenny was dumbfounded “How do you know about that?” 
Vinny answered, “I know you have a lot of questions. How did she disappear? How do I know about all this? What does the tattoo have to do with the Stones? Look, Kenny, I can help you get closure about Amy. Help us find the rest of the Sun Stones.” 
There was a long, soul-searching pause. 
“What do you think, Mantis?” Kenny asked into Sparrow’s camera. 
Mantis said, “Kenny, remember you told me you thought there were more stones? You were right. I was wrong. Here is your chance to go find them. Maybe you’ll find out why the Grays sent more without telling us. And maybe you’ll learn more about what happened to Panda.”
There was another long pause. Kenny looked at Vinny and Zeck and back at Sparrow.
“Alright,” Kenny sighed. “I’m in. As long as I don’t have to go with Zack and Mr. fake English accent, here. And I want one of those headbands.” And when I find these Stones, we’re bringing home the Grays. That’s what she would have wanted.
Vinny was the only one that laughed. 
“So I thought you guys were called the Friends of Zembla not the Nephites,” Kenny commented.
Zeck muttered something that Kenny didn’t hear.
Vinny held up his hand to stop Zeck. He continued, “Well, you didn’t let me finish. If the Lamanites were to ever get all sixteen Stones the Nephites wouldn’t stand a chance in defending themselves. They formed a group of elite warriors who among other things devised ways to hide the stones in mazes and behind hidden doors. They called themselves the Friends of Zarahemla, which was the capitol city. The Lamanites formed their own secret group called the Gadiaton Brotherhood which would stop at nothing to find the Stones. Over the years, a number of the Stones changed hands frequently, but the Brotherhood never got possession of all sixteen Stones at one time. Around 400 A.D. the Lamanites were on the brink of wiping out the Nephites, and the Friends of Zarahemla hid the stones one last time. Well, at least the ones that they had at the time. They hoped and prayed that the Gadianton Brotherhood wouldn’t ever find them. The Nephites were eventually wiped off the planet and The Friends fell apart, but as far as we know, the Brotherhood kept looking for the Stones. The Friends left hidden clues and wrote down the history of the Stones; that’s why we know about them today.”
“So this it? The hope of the whole world to stop the Gadian Brotherhood thing from getting all the Sun Stones is in a busted, old warehouse and four people? No wonder you need me.” 
“You listen here, Harbinger of Evil, Vinny has some wealthy investors ready to donate to our cause. And besides, we have Justice on our side,” Zeck shot back. 
Kenny turned to Vinny and asked, “So how did the boy in white get here? Family of yours?” 
Zeck stood up straight and began, “I was a misguided wanderer, looking for a path. Lady Justice led me to Vinny who showed me this road to Righteousness.”
Could he be any more of a brown-noser?
Just then the door opened and in walked a young girl. She was tall and her straight, shoulder-length black hair covered her right eye. She was dressed like a Hot Topic model and stood with a slight hunch forward that silently declared, along with the unconscious look on her face, her apathy towards others.
“Oh, this is where you guys are,” she said.
Zeck and the one with the British accent smiled brightly in her direction and Zeck said hi a little too enthusiastically. Her reply was much less enthusiastic.
“Dad, Leon says call him. And Mom said don’t forget about dinner tonight. It’s meatball subs.”
“Come here, honey. I want you to meet someone.”
She let go of the door that she was still hanging on to and walked to Vinny’s side. Zeck’s eyes followed her.
“This is Kenny Lincoln. Kenny, this is my daughter Leah.”
Without making eye contact, Leah mumbled, “Nice to meet you Mr. Lincoln.” Kenny stretched out his hand and shook hers. It was a weak handshake that she ended quickly.
“Wait, dad, he’s the Mr. Lincoln? Nah, dude, for real? He’s too young to be like 40 whatever.”
Kenny smiled and thanked her for the compliment, unsure what Leah meant by the Mr. Lincoln.
Vinny turned to her and said, “If you have a second, Leah, let’s show him the book.”
“Whatever.” 

***

“Here it is, Kenny.” Vinny gingerly held a few pieces of metal stacked on each other. “The history of the Sun Stones.” 
To Kenny it looked more like metal scraps. But when he looked at it more closely he noticed intricate writing engraved into the thin, rectangular sheets of metal that looked like pages of a book. Kenny’s eyes opened wide and his heart beat faster. “What does all that say?” 
Just then Leah’s phone beeped. She pulled it out, read the screen, and began typing. 
They had moved to a small, poorly lit room with several tables that was in another part of the building. Only Vinny and Leah had entered. The others had other things to do, Vinny had explained. Sparrow followed too, but Mantis had said that he needed to go. He had lots of work to do back home.
“It’s the history of the Nephite’s struggle to keep the Sun Stones away from the Lamanites. It goes into much more detail, but it’s basically what I was telling you earlier.”
Kenny asked, “So when did the Grays give the Nephites the Sun Stones? And does it say why they brought them here?” 
Leah and Vinny looked at each other. 
“I know you don’t believe me,” Kenny said, “but I know the Grays gave us the Stones. You’ll see.” 
Leah answered, “Well, this book, at least, doesn’t mention anything about that, dude.” 
Vinny continued, “Right. Either it wasn’t written, or maybe it was taken out of the book before we got it.” Kenny could tell that they were humoring him, but for the moment he accepted their gesture.
“Before you got it? So, wait. Did you guys just find this metal book one day, then decide to call yourselves the Friends of Zaremla because you wanted to save the world? Do you even know if this Brotherhood thing exists?”
“Before my family got it, I should say. This book has been passed down from generation to generation in my family. And yes, the Brotherhood exists. My father found that out first hand...painfully. They have been actively searching for far longer than we have. They have the upper hand on all sides: technology, money, people, information, influence. They have some sort of Super Soldiers and they have hundreds of them that do their bidding. Those things burned down Mantis’ home and my dad’s. The Brotherhood has no emotion and no other goal than to get the Stones. And when they get them...” Vinny looked down and paused. “...may God never let that happen.”
“It’s alright, Vinny. We won’t let them get the Sun Stones. Where are they hidden? Where do we have to go?”
Vinny sighed, “I don’t know.” He shrugged.
“Are they all together? Or are they spread out all over the world? Because I mean, I have one, but I’ve never heard of another and Mantis either.”
Leah shrugged. “Dude, they could be together, or all sixteen could be like in completely different ends of the earth. We don’t know yet.”
“Don’t those metal sheets tell you where they are hiding?” 
Leah said, “Nope. They only gave us a clue.” 
“Okay. What is it? Let’s figure it out,” Kenny said, impatiently. 
“We already did. It’s Copan.” 
“Copan? Central America?” 
Vinny said, “Honduras. It’s a city of ancient ruins.” 
“Cool gift shop,” Leah commented, almost smiling.
“Well? What did you find? Quit holding out on me. If I’m going to help—“ 
“Just another clue, dude.” 
“What’s it say?” 
Leah’s phone buzzed again and she started typing another message. 
“It’s more of a key than a clue. It’s the key to open the next door.” Vinny walked over to a small safe on a desk in a corner and opened it up. Pulling out a small, green stone, Kenny thought it looked like a tuna can. It was a short, jade cylinder with engravings on the top. Vinny carefully passed it over to Kenny and pointed the desk lamp over towards him. As Kenny realized what he was looking at, his breath got stuck in his throat and his blood ran cold. It was the Aztec calendar stone that told the Aztec’s history along with keeping their calendar.
After a long pause he finally breathed again. He croaked, “The calendar stone...given to the Aztecs by the Grays...the same as the tattoo on Amy’s back.” 
Vinny nodded, “Yes, just like the tattoo on her back.” 
“The back of her right shoulder.” Kenny continued. “It was a about this size, too. She doesn’t know when she got it. Her mom wouldn’t tell her, and she never knew her dad, but she must have been very young. It was jade colored just like this one, but one of the symbols was an amber color. That one.” He pointed to one of the symbols on the small rune.
“The crocodile?” asked Leah. “The fifth day of the month. Hmmm,” she thought.
Kenny asked, “So what do the Aztecs have to do with the Sun Stones?” 
“It’s not Aztec,” Leah said, “the design that is. The Aztec’s used it, but the design is either Nephite or Lamanite.” 
“You said this rune opens the next door. Where is the next door? There in Copan? We need to get going, then.” 
Vinny held up his hand as Kenny moved toward the door. “I don’t know.” He paused, thinking. “There should have been something, some sort of clue that told us where the next door was. I feel like we missed it. That’s it! We missed the clue, Leah. It’s there, and it will tell us where the Stones are hidden. We need to go back.”





Chapter 10

Kenny woke in a cold sweat. His heart beat frantically. He tried to remember what had scared him. Something in his dream. He started remembering that it was about Amy. He had had this dream before, but it had been months or more since the last time. He saw her tattoo and the Stone and the faces of some people he did not recognize. One of those faces was now familiar: Vinny. He strained himself, but could not remember any more details of the dream. It was all a blur now.
Feeling insecure, he got out of bed and stretched. Moments later, Sparrow starting ringing like an alarm clock. Sparrow’s British voice started reading news headlines from assorted news and technology websites. One headline caught Kenny’s attention: “Third Satellite Site Anonymously Bombed.” I’ll listen to the article later. It then spoke the weather forecast and a few emails that Kenny had received. One was from Mantis; again Kenny decided to listen to it later. Sparrow read off some to-do items—things to buy or clean which were irrelevant now—and ended by reminding, “Kenny, the Grays’ mother ship is getting closer. Keep fighting the good fight for them and they will reward you. Remember: it’s what Amy wanted.” 
After breakfast Kenny sat in the same jeans and t-shirt he came in with. Ryan handed him a black uniform that felt like military BDUs. It had the Orion patch on the shoulder and Kenny honestly felt proud to wear it. It fit fine, but would take a little getting used to. The others were all dressed the same, except Zeck, who had a similar but white uniform like usual. Why do they choose these? Zack probably chose them because it makes him feel like The Avenger. But I bet Leah doesn’t like wearing this. Leah—Kenny found out later—in fact, had modified hers with a metal-studded belt, knee-high boots with an excessive amount of straps, and a black hoodie.   
While getting ready in a locker room, Ryan asked Kenny, “So, where did you get that wicked little helicopter?” 
Still with that fake English accent. I wonder if he knows he isn’t really English?  
Kenny replied, “I guess you could call it a science project that my son and I have been working on.” 
“You made it?” 
“Yeah, well he’s the genius. It’s been fun...and useful. So, how did you come to be here?” 
“Well, my job and I weren’t getting along very well and so I’m on a little break.” 
“And where’s that?” 
“The CIA...” 
Kenny almost fell backward with shock. He stared wide eyed at Ryan after catching himself. 
Ryan smiled, “Don’t worry. I’m just a pencil pusher. I would have gone with my girlfriend, Laylona—she’s on another one of her trips to ‘nowhere in particular’—but we needed a break from each other, too. I don’t know what is with her, or maybe it’s me.” 
Kenny said nothing. 
“Anywho, we best be going.” 
Vinny was going to stay behind this time to run things. He had investors to meet with and would tend to Leon, Leah’s brother. He left Zeck in charge, and Ryan and Blake also came. Zeck and Ryan: the two people I definitely did not want to go with. Maybe this Blake guy will be cool, though. Leah got to come this time because Leon was still recovering from an accident he had while parkouring—Kenny didn’t know what that meant. Kenny was told that Leon was the history expert and that Vinny was hesitant to let Leah go with them, but she was the one—in Leon’s absence—who knew all about the history of the Sun Stones and what kinds of things they should be looking for when they got there. 
They drove out to a small regional airport in a silver SUV. When Kenny asked why they were going to such a small airport, Leah turned around from the front seat, looking bored as usual and replied, “Oh, you’ll see, dude. You’ll see.”
“That’s not very comforting.”
They drove around to one of the hangars and parked just inside and to the left. Kenny hesitantly got out. They were immediately greeted by a thin, old man. His smile showed a few missing teeth and it was apparent that he had not shaved in a few days. He wore an old, brown, leather pilot’s jacket and goggles on his balding head.
“Zeck, what a pleasure again so soon!” The old man spoke with a zany smile. “And Leah, I haven’t seen you in a while. You look better than the winning steed at an animal auction. Isn’t your brother coming?”
Leah raised her voice. “Nah, he got hurt, Ricky.”
“Oh, I hope he gets better. And who is this young man? Is he with you, Leah?” He bumped her in the ribs with his elbow excitedly.
Zeck narrowed his eyes and quickly answered for her. “No, Ricky. He’s just coming with us. He believes in aliens and weird things.”
Kenny looked at Zeck with contempt and slowly shook his head.
“Let him believe what he wants, Zeck. You’re a freak, too,” Leah retorted.
Ricky laughed. “Well, I don’t think I’ve met one of those alien things before, but as long as one doesn’t swipe my stew, I’ll be okay with ‘em. I’m Ricky Ray Dobson, at your service.”
“I’m Kenny Lincoln. Nice to mee—“
“Ya know, son, this is going to be the fastest plane ride you’ve ever had. Not because Bessy Day here is all that fast—especially in her old age,” Ricky bumped Kenny in the ribs with his elbow like he were telling a joke. “but because I have some special gifts up my sleeve. Did you tell him about me already, Leah? Did you tell him what I can do?”
“Nope, Ricky. I left that for you.”
“Well, hear you me, son, I can control time. That’s right. Alls I have to do is count the seconds, and I can slow down or speed up time depending on how fast I count ‘em. Watch.” Ricky counted to ten slowly while Kenny stared at his watch. “Ya see? That was the slowest ten seconds you have ever experienced.”
The second hand on Kenny’s watch reached the ten second mark several seconds before Ricky Ray reached the number ten. Kenny was about to say something, but saw that Leah gestured for him not to say anything to the old man.
Rick Ray continued. “Life is good, ain’t it? Now let’s be off. We’re headed to Honduras. Ya hoo!” Ricky strode to his plane.
It was just a small, old plane; nothing special. And it was cramped. Kenny could hear Ricky’s counting above the loud propellers. He yelled out each number in a slow succession, and seemed to be even more enthusiastic with each number that he counted. Looking to his right, Kenny saw Leah doing something on her phone and Zeck trying to see what she doing. She noticed Zeck was watching her and turned as best she could to face the other way.
Zeck turned to Kenny and commented, “Vinny sure wasn’t happy that you brought the Stone along, eh alien boy?”
“I wasn’t about to leave it there.” Kenny almost had to scream to be heard.
After some time he took out the headband that they had finally given him and examined it. It was smooth plastic, rounded on the edges, and was rather light. Ryan offered to teach Kenny to use it and Ryan put on his own headband.
Kenny heard a computer simulation of Ryan’s voice. “Look, first you think ‘send to’ and then the person’s username. Mine is simple: ryan. Then you think what you want to say. Then think, ‘end transmission. It will get more natural as you get used to it.’”
Just then he heard another voice. It was a woman’s voice. She said, “Dude, make sure you don’t forget ‘end transmission’ so we don’t keep hearing everything you think. That would be like not cool. I don’t want to hear what you think about The Avenger of All that is Right and Good over there.” The computer did a good job of simulating Leah’s voice—it even got the sarcastic inflection right—but Kenny could still tell it was a computer.
After a few hours of nothing but ocean, Kenny finally saw a large green forest that began to stretch out below.
Somewhere out there lays a cave with a secret. Amy, I hope you’re watching.





Chapter 11

Zeck looked over at Ryan in the passenger’s seat. He looked more excited than a six-year-old going to a candy store. They flew down the dirt roads of Honduras towards Copan in their topless jeep. The wind rushed through Zeck’s hair and the dirt flew up behind them. 
Zeck yelled over to Ryan, “We’re not going to visit the ruins this time either, little buddy.” 
He yelled back, “I know, but I can’t wait to pass them.” Ryan said something else, but because of the wind, Zeck didn’t hear him. Zeck just nodded and smiled. 
Kenny from the back seat complained about the music Zeck was listening to. Zeck turned it up as he shouted back, “This is what human beings listen to these days, old man.” 
As Zeck turned to look at the road again he caught a glimpse of a small, furry animal scurrying across the road. It wasn’t fast enough, and before Zeck could swerve, the jeep ran over it with a soft thump. 
“Did you just hit that animal!?” Kenny yelled. “Turn back!” 
“Calm down, harbinger, its already road kill. No sense worrying about it,” Zeck assured. 
“Do you realize what you’ve just killed?” 
“What? An alien animal? Was it being beemed up to the mother ship?” Zeck laughed. 
“Never mind,” mumbled Kenny as he slumped back into his seat. 
The ruins were within site now and they had to slow down. Zeck had seen them before and would see them again on the way out. He couldn’t believe that so many people came to see a bunch of old buildings that people wrote on years ago. It was basically ancient graffiti, Zeck mused to himself. Lady Justice does not tolerate graffiti. 
Kenny started explaining the origin of the ruins according to his crazy alien ideas. “These amazing structures of stone were the Grays’ creation. Every block perfectly laid and each corner and angle exactly aligned. Their architecture is unmatched. Their creativity and skill are displayed on a global stage for many generations of eyes to enjoy.” 
Leah amiably corrected Kenny and told everyone the real history of Copan. Zeck listened intently to Leah, but didn’t hear much of what she was explaining. She said something about it being a Nephite city but was overtaken. After that, it was a Lamanite city. Zeck didn’t pay attention to many of the details from Leah, but he liked hearing her voice. Besides, he had heard the story last time from Leon. Leah probably tells it better, though. 
They passed the Copan ruins with all the tourist busses and people and they kept driving for about a half hour. Suddenly Zeck saw the spot and slowed the jeep to a stop by the side of the road. He popped his knuckles and hopped out of the vehicle. 
“Come on, Soldiers of Justice,” Zeck ordered. “And you too, E.T.” 
They had stopped in the middle of nowhere. Thick rain forest stood in the way of them and the entrance to the cave. Without waiting for the rest of the group, Zeck charged right into the forest, machete blazing. He didn’t get very far before the group caught up to him.      
“I was wondering why no one else knew about this place, but now I think I get it,” Kenny commented, pushing aside large leaves. “So why don’t you want those Gadiaton people to have the Stones? What are they going to do if they get them?”
“It’s Ga-di-an-ton, extraterrestrial hugger. And don’t worry about those kinds of things. Just help us to stop them and consider your debt to society paid,” Zeck yelled back. 
Kenny didn’t say anything else, and Zeck felt that he finally shut him up. Maybe I talked some sense into him, he thought. 
About 100 yards into the forest, Zeck suddenly heard a loud explosion. His heart skipped a beat and then pounded furiously in his chest as his face smacked leaves on its way down toward the ground. After hitting the ground, he turned to look back towards the sound. It came from where they had parked. “The jeep! I think we got company.” Zeck thought to Blake, “Blake, go see if you can see anything.” 
Blake disappeared into the underbrush towards the explosion. Zeck heard Blake’s voice in the earpiece a few moments later. “It’s the Brotherhood alright. They brought Super Soldiers and they’re coming this way.” 
Zeck used the psy-gear’s group mode to tell them all to start running towards the cave. He told them to stay low and to not make much noise, but to move quickly. He waited where he was while the others started towards the cave. Blake made it back a few moments later and Zeck followed him straight towards the cave. 
“About how far away were they? How many?” Zenny thought to Blake.
“Three or four of them had just stepped into the forest. They were looking around more than anything,” Blake’s computer voice replied. 
Zeck knew it would be impossible to make it to the cave silently. He warned everyone to be quiet via the psy-gear again. At least we have a little bit of a head start. 
He tried to focus on his own abilities and visualize in his mind how he would fight if the time came. He visualized himself winning a one-on-one fight with a Super Soldier. He then visualized himself beating several at once gracefully and his comrades standing in awe of his ability. Okay, I’m ready. Bring it. Justice is hungry. 
Just then Leah’s cell phone rang with an annoying tune. His head whipped around to glare at her. Lucky for her, he couldn’t see her face because of the thick underbrush. No sooner had he begun scolding her via psy-gear, than he heard yelling behind him. He could only make out, “Get them!” It was the Brotherhood. 
“They heard us.” 
Zeck told everyone to make a break for it as fast as they could. Racing through the forest—Blake trailing him—he hurdled a felled log and ducked under a low branch. His heart was pounding a mile a minute. The Brotherhood was getting closer; he could hear breaking tree limbs and loud steps. He dodged a large bush and passed Leah and Kenny. Kenny was running awkwardly and the thought of Kenny being hit by Zeck’s jeep the day before flashed into Zeck’s mind, but was gone just as fast. 
Just then, Leah tripped. Zeck halted and turned to her. She was just picking her face off the ground. Leaves and twigs were stuck in her hair and dirt was smeared on her face. She tried to get up and immediately fell back to the ground. Blake, just arriving, was going to help her, but Zeck ordered him to go ahead with the rest of them. Zeck kneeled down and tried to free her foot that had got stuck in between a vine and a branch.
“Hurry, Zeck!” 
The heavy feet on the ground and the branches breaking from the Brotherhood thumped like drums and cymbals in Zeck’s ears. They were close. He could hear their ammunition jingling as they jumped over logs and dodged bushes.
“Come on, hurry! Please”  
After pulling for a few seconds, Zeck realized he needed something stronger. He grabbed his machete and began sawing the vine, trying to miss her leg. Before he cut all the way through, Leah kicked her foot free and took off toward the cave. 
As Zeck turned, he saw a head pop out through the underbrush to his immediate left. He flailed the machete in the Super Soldier’s direction. Luckily he landed the blow and the Super Soldier fell to the ground after grunting, but kept reaching for Zeck’s feet. It’ll get back up, he thought quickly and took out his Beretta 9mm. He looked over his shoulder. He saw tree leaves moving, but couldn’t get a clear shot at anything. 
Leah was right in front of him and he could have passed her, but he would not leave her behind him. He turned his head again and saw that the tree leaves that moved were even closer. A head popped out to his right and a torso to his left. They disappeared as quickly as they appeared. Zeck felt a hand graze his right arm. 
“Faster, Leah!” 
“I can’t—“ 
A gun shot went off in front of them and Zeck’s heart almost stopped. He heard a thud behind him. A Super Soldier lay on the ground. Zeck touched his own chest. No blood, no pain. He wasn’t hit. Leah was standing and looked unhurt, but just as shocked. 
Blake peeked around the leaf that had hid him; the leaf now had a hole through it. Zeck made eye contact with Blake—to whom he was extremely grateful—but there was no time for thanks. Zeck saw another Super Soldier behind him and to the left and wheeled around, firing at it. He couldn’t tell if he hit it or not and there was no time to find out. 
Blake and Leah had already started running towards the entrance. Zeck took off, dodging bushes and trees. His breathing was heavy and sweat trickled down his face. He quickly caught up to Leah and had to limit his speed so as to not leave her behind. He lightly put one of his hands on her back, pushing and guiding her a little. This was the first time he had touched her except for the handshake when he met her. And even though the situation didn’t warrant feelings of satisfaction, he felt a small victory touching her like that. But the feelings fled almost as soon as they came. 
Zeck heard the footsteps closer and could even hear their heavy breathing. He pushed aside a tree branch and got a glimpse of the entrance to the cave. Kenny and Ryan were positioned with their backs to the cave, pistols at the ready. Zeck turned his head just in time to see a Super Soldier jump from a log into the air towards him. Shots blazed from the entrance. Zeck turned towards the cave and didn’t look back. He wasn’t overtaken by the Super Soldier. He was okay.
More shots fired. 
They finally made it to the cave and Zeck shoved Leah in. The opening was wide enough for one person and Zeck had to duck to miss the jutting, multi-colored rocks. Zeck turned and told everyone else to keep going as fast as they could. Before ducking into the cave himself, he thought about how much he hated caves and the dark, loneliness. He fired a few times into the underbrush and was about to bolt into the cave, feeling like he had beaten the Super Soldiers. He paused for a moment, staring into the trees. They had been right behind them, but had stopped for some reason. Just as he thought they had turned back because of their failure or fear of the dark a Super Soldier appeared whose arm was cut off from below the elbow. Zeck immediately knew it was the one who felt the wrath of his machete. Others appeared, staring menacingly, slowly walking like zombies towards the cave.
Scared, Zeck shot a few more rounds and scurried into the cave.

***

Kenny’s backpack was glowing as he frantically got his flashlight. He thought about using the Stone as his light, but with the Super Soldiers so close it was safer in his backpack. It at least feels safer, he thought. He hadn’t taken Sparrow out of his backpack either since they got on the plane. It was extra weight to carry, but losing Sparrow in the jungle would have been pointless.
Zeck had just entered the cave and yelled out, “They’re coming! Don’t stop!”
Ryan passed Kenny and warned, “The psy-gear won’t work in these caves. No signal, mate.”
Kenny flipped on his flashlight and hurried to catch up to Ryan. 
The entrance was like a hallway, but after a few yards the tunnel opened up to a cavernous room. Every step and every word echoed ferociously off the walls. Their flashlights flew from wall to wall and ceiling to ceiling. Stalactites and stalagmites appeared like teeth of a fictitious cave monster. With only five flashlights, the darkness felt overpowering. It surrounded and choked their feeble lights. 
Leah called back to Zeck, “What’s the plan, oh fearless leader?”
“We can’t outrun them. Ryan you know the way to the room. Take Leah and if you hear them coming, hide. Lincoln, if they start getting too close after we shoot a few times, take out the Sun Stone, maybe we can blind them enough to get some distance between us. And let’s make this one count, you two.”
Kenny stood staring at the entrance. “It’s like the light at the end of the tunnel, except I don’t want to go towards it.”
The entrance’s light was covered by the approaching Super Soldiers. He heard the echo of their steps. Kenny held his backpack and flashlight in his left hand, down by his side and his pistol in his right hand, aimed at chest level. His palms sweat as he tightened his grip on the gun. Time for fireworks. 
The Super Soldiers moved closer, and after what seemed like an eternity, Zeck finally fired. The shot ricocheted off the walls and ceiling. Their flashlights didn’t reach the Super Soldier’s yet, but the echoes of their steps grew louder. Kenny saw the shadows of only a few Super Soldiers pour into the cave, but it sounded like a whole army was after them. Blake fired and Kenny followed suit. Most of the bullets ricocheted off the walls, but there was at least one thud against the hard ground.
Why aren’t they firing back?
Suddenly their footsteps stopped. Zeck, Blake, and Kenny stopped firing. Kenny heard only one set of heavy footsteps approaching and then those too stopped. 
A laugh echoed through the cavern. “Zarahemla. It’s been a while. We’ve missed you.” The Hispanic man from the Brotherhood laughed loud and hearty again. “Don’t worry. We’re not here to kill you. We’re going to use you. You’re going to bring us what we want. So, go get the key and the clue to the next location and hustle back.” He paused. “You’ve already briefly met the nano-soldiers, but you don’t know what they are fully capable of.” He laughed deeply and then paused. “Oh, and the nanos could wait here for weeks. So run along.” He laughed again. 
Nano-soldiers? Is that what he calls the Super Soldiers? Nanos?
Zeck tapped Blake on the shoulder, motioning him to follow. He whispered to Kenny, “Don’t take that Stone out, Lincoln.” Zeck and Blake turned and walked away. 
Kenny backed away slowly, but did not look away from the Super Soldiers. Zeck tugged on his shirt and Kenny reluctantly turned, walked away quickly. He’s not going to say anything? He’s just going to walk away? What’s he going to do? We’ll be stuck here forever if we don’t face them now. And there’s no way we’re giving in to their demands, are we? 
Zeck led them through a maze of tunnels. Bats flew overhead, but besides the sound of the bats and the drip of an almost dried-up waterfall, there was nothing but the smell of stagnant, stale water. They took a right past the dripping waterfall and the tunnel became very thin and curved back and forth quickly. The ground had a six-inch crack in the middle that fell indefinitely. The rest of the ground in this area curved into the crack which provided less than steady places for them to step. 
The curvy tunnel opened up to another cavern, smaller than the first. The floor was wet and slippery and the floor was connected to the ceiling in many spots from the sinking stalactites meeting the growing stalagmites. 
“It’s probably safe to use the Stone now, alien hugger.”  
He took his backpack off his shoulders and rummaged through it. He pulled out a glowing wad of shirts and unwrapped them excitedly. The light became brighter and brighter with the removal of every fold. A calm, peaceful feeling seeped through Kenny’s skin and warmed his heart. Slowly the cavern lit up like someone turned on a star. Every pillar and every rock formation beamed back at Kenny. There wasn’t a corner of the cavern without light.
The Stone was about the size of a stress ball that fit perfectly into Kenny’s palm. It was smooth like glass but heavy for its size. Despite the immense light, the Stone was room temperature. 
“Bright idea,” said Blake. 
Kenny put away the flashlight and held up the stone in front of him. “Much better. Caves like this are the only place Stones this bright could be hidden.”
“Alright, you’re up here with me, heathen,” Zeck boomed. He put away his flashlight and Blake did the same. 
Suddenly Leah’s voice echoed through the room as she bounded into sight. Kenny jumped, but quickly calmed himself. “Imagine doing this in like complete darkness. Dude, maybe that’s why your Stone isn’t with the others, Kenny. They needed that one to like find the others.” 
Zeck related to Ryan and Leah what had happened with the Brotherhood.
“Blime, they probably don’t know there is another exit. We’ll escape easily right out from under their noses.” 
“Exactly, Ryan,” Zeck answered. 
“Why didn’t you tell me this earlier?” Kenny questioned. 
Zeck turned to Kenny and laughed. “Were you scared, E.T.?” 
“It would be nice to know what’s going on. I thought you were a coward.” 
Leah said, “Dude, I didn’t know either.”
“Did you know that fat guy?” Kenny asked.
“No, but he was definitely one of their agents,” said Blake. “Did you hear him call those Super Soldiers ‘nanos?’ What’s that about?” No one answered.
They continued through the cave. After the smaller cavern, there was a wide tunnel that began to climb upwards. It was steep enough to make the walk a workout, at least for Kenny. Zeck didn’t look like he was fazed too much by the steep climb.
Leah began asking Kenny about Amy and why Vinny kept mentioning her and how she was connected to the Stones. Ryan said that he had been confused, too, and wanted to know. At that point in the climb, the ceiling stopped climbing as fast as the floor. They had to hunch down and eventually crawl. Kenny was able to dodge the questions and say that he would explain later, saying that he couldn’t talk and crawl at the same time. The ceiling began climbing again at the same rate as the floor, but still only left enough room to crawl. Leah complained about the conditions and wished she was at home playing her Xbox 360.
After a few more yards, the ceiling rose to several stories high and the ground leveled out. Standing up, Kenny noticed that the entrance before them looked like a carved stone arch with a keystone at the top center. This must be man-made, I mean, made by the Grays. That’s a good sign.
Zeck proudly stood before the entrance and ushered everyone inside. “You’ve been limping this whole time. Are you sure that leg isn’t broken or something?” Zeck asked Kenny. 
Kenny only glared. 
“Did anyone bring any food?” asked Ryan. No one answered. “Next time, I’m not forgetting something to eat. I’m starving.” 
Kenny dug Sparrow out of his backpack. He put it on the ground and turned it on as everyone was walking down the tunnel. It took a moment for Sparrow to boot up, so Kenny had to catch up. When Sparrow was up and flying, Kenny told it to start recording everything.
This part of the passage was very different. The cave wall was carved in such a way that it looked like a brick wall. It was exactly the width of two people and a comfortable height. They walked for several yard, but then the corridor came to an abrupt end. The flat wall had the shape of a door cut into the its stone. No marks, no apparent way to open the door. On the right wall there was a carved circle encompassing a shallow imprint shaped like the picture on their patches: Orion.
Zeck carefully took out and unwrapped a blue rune that was the perfect shape and size of the imprint along the right wall. Seeing Kenny’s eyes grow wide, Leah told him that it was pure aquamarine and probably worth a fortune. Zeck pushed it into the imprint and it fit perfectly. Zeck pushed the circle into the wall and when it had gone in a few inches it turned itself a quarter turn to the left. The circle pushed itself back out until it was flat with the wall. Zeck gingerly pried the rune from hole and put it away. 
Nothing happened.
Leah asked Kenny to move, and confused he started backing away, only to almost fall backwards, tripping over something behind his left foot. When he got his balance back, he noticed that three rectangular stones—like buttons—had silently popped up out of the ground. They were about the size of Kenny’s foot and gold decorations reflected the Stone’s brilliant light. 
Ryan, Leah, and Zeck all stood right above one of the buttons and, looking at each other, all stomped on the buttons at about the same time. Nothing happened. 
“Fail!” said Leah. “It was you, Zeck.” 
“No, it was Ryan, he missed.” 
“Oh, no, chap, that was you.” 
Zeck grunted, “Alright, whatever. Let’s go again.” 
They tried again to hit all three buttons at the same time, but Leah hesitated. Kenny was amazed when he heard her laugh. He had never even seen her smile up until then, but suddenly hitting the buttons became a game to her. “Okay, sorry. I did that on purpose. Ready? Let’s do it...now.” She didn’t move at all as the other two pounded the buttons into the ground, and then she burst out laughing. Zeck glared at her and Ryan tried to hold back his own laughter. “Alright, sorry. Just had to, you know, get it out of my system. Let’s do it for real.” 
They tried again, but this time Ryan missed the button and burst out laughing, too. “That was on purpose, sorry.” 
Now Zeck was frustrated and told them to get serious. He told Kenny and Blake to do it instead of the two clowns. Waiting for Zeck’s cue, all three of them stepped on the buttons. They were able to hit all three buttons at the same time. The door to their left slid back into the wall and then to the left with the rough sound of stone grinding against stone. 
The sudden opening of the door didn’t startle Kenny; he was waiting for something to happen. What he was not prepared for was what was inside. The circular room had at its middle an elaborately carved, small stone pedestal and on the floor in a circle were painted animals. The wall and floor were covered with paintings. Each one was in a slightly curved square and each square was connected forming the circle around the entire room. The walls were painted with the same animal symbols. The squares of animals were painted right at chest level around the room. Above and below the animals were symbols like writing that lined the whole room.
“Dude, what is this? You didn’t say anything about this writing and the pictures,” Leah said, eyes wide open. 
Zeck said in amazement, “That’s because none of it was here last time. It was all bare; the floor, the walls: all bare.” He stared around for a few moments, and then looked at Kenny. “Hey, alien boy, put that Sun Stone away.” 
“Why? We wouldn’t be able to see anything without—” 
“Just trust me,” Zeck demanded. 
Trust you? Right. Sure. Kenny grabbed the shirts from his backpack and began rolling it back up. The light slowly faded. He stuffed it in his backpack and there was pure darkness in the room except right around the glowing backpack. The warm comfort of the Stone’s light slowly faded. Kenny’s eyes began adjusting to the darkness, but there was nothing to be seen. The air was moist and light and there were no sounds. 
Zeck flipped on his flashlight and the others followed. The walls were barely visible with the feeble beams of light. Leah and Kenny got close to the wall on their left and shined their lights up and down it. They saw nothing on the wall. There was no writing, no symbols. Kenny reached out and touched the wall; damp, rough stone. What is going on? He shined his light on the floor, and saw nothing but rock. 
Leah began, “Do you see that? Take the Stone back out. The paintings are like hidden. Only the Stone’s light shows it. Amazing. Leon’s gonna flip when I tell him.” 
Ryan’s voice echoed in the small room. “Good call, Zeck.” 
“And you doubted me, Harbinger.” Zeck folded his arms triumphantly. 
“Alright, so what does this mean? Leah, you’re the expert.” The room once again had been flooded with the Stone’s light and the paintings danced on the walls before them. 
“Dude, give me a minute.” Leah started just to the left of the door and slowly walked around the room reading the writing. She yelled out the story as she translated it. 
“They came across the ocean in eight ships. Wait, this isn’t the Nephites and Lamanites. They called themselves...the Jaredites...and they put two Stones in each ship for light. They landed in the North like 2,000 years before the Nephites and Lamanites and built a civilization which spread like throughout the whole Northern part of this land...Thousands of years later there was a war...everyone was killed, women and children, too...Only two men lived: the two generals of the armies that had been fighting...one was the protector of the Stones, Orion...and the other was Scorpius, who wanted the Stones for their powers...Orion killed Scorpius, but then fainted…because he lost too much blood, you know...when he woke up, the Nephites had found him...he told them of their power and told them to protect the Stones at all cost...and after living with them for like nine months, he died.” 
Everyone was silent. Leah had made it all the way around the room. She looked at Kenny who was looking disappointed. 
“So, the Grays didn’t give them the Stones,” he stammered. Leah shook her head. 
“That’s right, alien boy, no Grays,” Zeck laughed. 
Kenny replied calmly, “But these Jaredites, where did they get the Stones?” 
“It doesn’t say,” Leah shrugged. 
“The Grays. They must have given the Stones to these Jaredites. Before they crossed whatever ocean they crossed. Are there other rooms like this? In other caves? There must be more to the story. We have to find out who gave the Jaredites the Stones. I know it was the Grays.” 
“Good luck finding another room like this,” said Ryan. 
Leah had walked over near the pedestal in the middle of the room on top of which they had found the calendar rune the last time they were there. She told Kenny to turn around so she could see. Kenny turned around and limped over to the pedestal. Sparrow had been buzzing around the room, recording the pictures and writing, and now, at Kenny’s command, flew over to film the pedestal. 
It had a thick, stone base and a thinner, square body leading up to a round, thick table top where the calendar rune had rested. Around the border of the table top was more writing and a picture of Orion. She studied the writing, but her face seemed to be more and more perplexed as she translated it in her head. 
“What’s it say?” Ryan asked. 
“When the setting sun...no, where the setting sun greets the new year...follow Kochab.” 
“Kochab? What is that?” Kenny asked. 
“It’s the star that they used to use to like orient them, ya know, like the North Star for us.” 
“Where is it? Does it point North?” Zeck asked. 
“Close. Eight degrees West of North,” answered Leah. 
“Well what good would that do? It doesn’t point North. Why didn’t they pick a star that pointed North?” Ryan joked. 
Leah gave a half smile in return, and was about to say something, but then turned back to the writing on the pedestal, thinking. 
“So what does that all mean?” Kenny asked. “The setting sun greeting the New Year?” 
Leah thought a moment silently, and then said, “I don’t know. We should look it up on Google, or maybe Leon would know.” 
“What do you think it means?” Zeck encouraged. 
“I don’t want to be wrong. Let’s ask Leon; he would know for sure.” 
“Come on, just tell us what you think,” Ryan coaxed. 
“Alright, whatever. I think it points to Edzna in Mexico. They used to use that place as like an observatory and they say that at sunset on August 13th, which is their New Year, the sun lines up perfectly with a stone and one of the temples there or something.” 
“That sounds like the clue to me,” said Kenny. 
Zeck nodded. “We go to Edzna.” 

***

“Ya know guys, I love all the history we are learning and all, but this cave is starting to get to me. We got what we came for, so what do you say we start heading out?” Zeck asked. 
“What’s wrong? Is the Avenger of Justice scared?” Kenny taunted. 
“Have you ever thought about cave-ins, Lincoln? What would you do if the ceiling started falling?” 
Everyone laughed, except Zeck. 
Zeck interrupted, “Wait team, where’s Blake?” 
“Dude, he’s right over...there?” Leah turned and pointed, but when she didn’t see him she dropped her arm awkwardly. 
“I hate caves. Too many places to hide in plain sight,” Zeck complained. 
Kenny turned towards the door and held up the Stone above his head. He didn’t see Blake anywhere. 
“Team, we have a problem.” Zeck’s voice echoed loudly off the walls. “We need to go.” He started walking toward the door. 
“Hey, but I haven’t finished deciphering the pictures...whatever, let’s go.” Leah grabbed her backpack and followed Zeck. “What’s wrong with you? You’re seriously afraid of caves, aren’t you?” she asked. 
Zeck turned to face all four. “Either Blake needs rescuing or a swift stroke of justice.” 
Ryan blurted, “Come now chap, he probably just needed a spot of fresh air.”  
Zeck walked out of the door without a word. 
Crawling down the hill was even harder than crawling up it for Kenny. His ankle was what hurt him the most and especially when it struck the ground at an angle. He strained to keep his ankle flat against the ground, but it slipped to the left too far and pain shot up his leg. Not wanting Zeck to know he was in pain, he kept his yelps of pain to himself. After several times that his ankle slipped and pain shot up his leg, he knew it was impossible and he ended up practically hopping down the slope.
When they got to the bottom, Zeck veered off the main tunnel into a smaller, more ridged path. As they advanced, he motioned to Kenny to shine the light down the various side passageways that they encountered. 
“How do you know Blake’s going out this way, Zeck?” Ryan asked. 
Zeck stopped. “If he went the other way, either he has a death wish, or he’s telling the Brotherhood everything we just learned. I wonder how much of that he heard before he took off. When was the last time you guys saw him?” 
Kenny commented, “Well he almost never talks, so I didn’t notice him for a while.” 
“Like, right after we decided to go to Edzna, I think. Dude, after that I don’t remember him being around,” Leah declared. 
“He is definitely a traitor, defecting as we speak. The swift sword of Justice will not be soft and tolerable for him.” 
Kenny stopped to try to understand what Zeck had just said, but noticed Ryan’s confused face and realized that whatever Zeck was saying, wasn’t worth the thought trying to comprehend it. I get it. He really is nuts. Kenny looked at Ryan who seemed to know what was going through his head and shrugged. Ryan smiled and shook his head in return. 
“This means that like the Brotherhood knows exactly where we are headed. We need to get to Mexico ASAP!” Leah almost shouted.  
Zeck nodded and hurried down the tunnel. Kenny struggled to follow right behind, shining the light on his path. They turned a few more times through unfamiliar large caverns and equally unfamiliar small tunnels until they came to a cavern that had a whole in the wall leading to the outside world. When they approached it, Kenny realized it was very small; much smaller than the one they came in through. Its shape was between an oval and a circle but was big enough for only one person and the person would have to almost roll up into a ball. It was situated just enough above waist level so as to make it awkward to get up into. Kenny was not excited at the thought of trying to hoist himself up into it with his hurt ankle. 
Zeck warned them all that the hole led out to a cliff and that they would have to start climbing as soon as they were out of the hole. Zeck let everyone else go first. Kenny had Sparrow land and shut down. He put it back into his backpack. When it was Kenny’s turn, Zeck offered to hold the Stone for him, but he refused. He awkwardly got both legs hanging outside, spun himself around, and let himself outside. The daylight stung his face and at first, he saw nothing, but then was able to adjust. The humidity of the forest and the heat of the sun made his skin itchy. Kenny climbed down the cliff which was not very high off the ground. No one was outside beside them and the only sound was bugs. Kenny swatted at a mosquito, grateful that there were no nanos waiting for them.
As Leah and Zeck descended, Ryan fought with a tree branch and then showed Kenny a ripped piece of clothing. “This must be from the traitor, I wager. I found it on this branch. He must have been in too much of a hurry,” he said.
“But why would he come out this way? The Brotherhood was the other way.”
Zeck dropped down from the small cliff. “Maybe he’s signaling to them where we are. He’s probably bringing the nano-soldiers. This is not good.” Zeck popped his knuckles. “We’re not going to run; that will make too much noise. We’re going to go quietly to the jeep. Leah—“
“I know, I know. Turn off my cell phone. Dude, being quiet didn’t work last time. We should just make a break for it.”
“No, Leah, I think we should do what Zack says,” Kenny admitted.
“You? Agreeing with him?” Leah taunted.
“I know, I know. But I think he’s right.”
“It’s Zeck, not Zack, but thank you, Lincoln.”
Kenny turned to Leah again. “And for crying out loud, make sure that cell phone is turned off. Don’t put the thing on silent or vibrate. Make sure it’s off.”
“Whatever. I know. I’ll turn it off. There. It’s off. Ya happy?”
They stalked through the forest as quietly as possible. Kenny cringed at every twig they snapped and every leaf that made a sound. He even worried that the Brotherhood would hear his heart thumping in his chest. A bird chirped and sang loudly. Kenny looked up and hoped that more would join its singing. Maybe they’ll mask the sounds that we make and give us some cover.
Leah was talking to the group through the headbands. “That was like crazy back there when we were running from them! I thought for sure I was dead.”
Kenny nodded, but Zeck looked at her crossly, disapprovingly. Kenny knew Zeck hated injustice or whatever he wanted to call it, but Kenny didn’t understand why he was mad at her now. When Kenny shot her a confused look so she would explain, he heard her voice in the ear piece. “He said not to talk in group mode. Blake can still hear us.”
Oh no! Kenny thought. He still has the headband. He’s gonna tell the Brotherhood everything we say, too. We’re in serious trouble.
They were now approaching the jeep and Zeck hustled ahead of everyone to the road. The smell of smoke and burning rubble wafted into Kenny’s face. Kenny arrived shortly after Zeck and Ryan. He was glad that they could finally take a break from walking; his leg was burning with pain. Looking at the cars, he saw that they had been tortured and mangled with flames and were now a simmering pile of junk metal. The fire produced a rotten smelling smoke that drifted slightly upward down the road.
“We are sitting ducks out here,” Zeck said. “Keep your eyes sharp for more nano-soldiers. This might be a trap. We’re not staying here, team. We have to walk back to the town. Ryan, get on the horn with Vinny. We need a lift. Let’s go.”
So much for my break. At least this road will be easier to walk on than through the jungle, I hope.





Chapter 12

Kenny watched the video on his roll-up screen. It was a short movie he had shot years ago of his wife playing in their grassy yard with Penny. He paused it to stare at Amy’s smile and then started it again. Even above the sound of the loud airplane propellers and Ricky Ray’s counting, Penny’s laugh brought back so many memories of better times. Kenny held back his tears so that Zeck wouldn’t see him.
The video ended and Kenny’s mind was flooded with other similar memories of when his family was still together; before Bulldog and Penny had grown up, and before his wife was taken from him, and before his family was torn apart. Kenny sorely missed days like those in the video. The sharp, painful memory of Amy stung him suddenly harder than ever. His mind filled with enraged, irrational thoughts, and suddenly looking at Zeck, he knew it was Zeck that had ripped his wife from him. Kenny’s heart started beating rapidly, and anger flowed through his veins. He wanted to lash out at Zeck, but just at the peak of his rage the irrationality wore off and he knew that it wasn’t Zeck and that Zeck had nothing to do with Amy, nor had any knowledge of what happened to her. As the rage waned, he sank back into his chair, depressed.
Amy, what happened to you? Where are you?
Wanting to get the memories out of his head so he could control himself emotionally, Kenny opened the file in Sparrow’s memory of the video taken inside Copan’s cave. He chuckled to himself at seeing Leah’s hijinks outside the door to Copan’s inner room again. As he watched the floating video that Sparrow recorded of the room, he enjoyed the change in view that Sparrow provided compared to his own memory of the room. It looked different and more mystical from Sparrow’s vantage point. He saw again all the writing on the wall and the floor. He watched as he—in the video—told Sparrow to record the pedestal where they had found the clue. Sparrow had zoomed in closely on the drawing of Orion.
Kenny thought he saw something that he hadn’t noticed on Orion’s belt. He looked closely at the screen, leaning in.
Just then, Leah interrupted, “Alright, Kenny, now you gotta tell us about your wife. You can’t escape us now.” 
Ryan was leaning over in his seat eagerly, but Zeck seemed disinterested as he stared out the window. Ryan said, “Yeah, you can’t bottle all that up inside, mate. It’s good to get it off your chest.” 
“I don’t feel like talking about it now, guys. Besides, I think I just found something—“ 
“Dude, we saw you watching videos of her. Now’s like the perfect time to talk about it.” 
“What in the Sam Hill...you guys were watching?” 
Both Leah and Ryan nodded their heads, smiling. 
“Seriously though, guys, I think I found something, watching the video—“ 
“It can wait, chap. So did you guys get a divorce?” 
Leah added, “I bet she was the one that left you, huh?” 
“No! Well, yes, she left, but she didn’t want to...I mean, she couldn’t help it. Well, I don’t know.” 
“See? We’re getting somewhere. This is definitely helping,” said Ryan. Leah nodded at him and returned her gaze towards Kenny. 
“We didn’t get a divorce! Look, alright, I’ll tell you. Geez. So suddenly one year she starts getting sick. At first we don’t think much of it, but she didn’t get better, so we took her to the doctors. They didn’t know what she had, but they weren’t too concerned: it wasn’t cancer or anything. Over time she got worse and worse and we were pretty worried.” 
“Do you have kids?” 
“Two.” 
“Blimey, I bet that was hard for them.” 
“It was destroying all of us. We used to be happy. Anyway, eventually she was bed ridden and the...” he paused to take a breath and control the flood of emotions that was coming. “...the doctors didn’t give her much more time to live. And then one morning she was just gone.” 
No one spoke, except for Ricky Ray who was still counting in the cockpit. 
“Did she die in your arms? Did you get to kiss her before she passed on?” Leah asked, her eyes intensely focused on Kenny. 
“She isn’t dead!” said Kenny shouting much louder than was necessary to be heard over the hum of the motors. 
“But you just said—” Ryan started. 
“Gone as in disappeared. She didn’t die. We woke up one morning and she wasn’t in her bed. She had disappeared.” 
“Oh,” said Leah and Ryan in unison, half smiling. 
“We don’t know what happened to her. She didn’t have the strength to get up and walk out.” 
“How long ago did she...um...disappear?” 
“Four years and two months ago. It must have been the Grays. They must have taken her away. But why? That’s why I need these Sun Stones. If we can bring the Grays back, we bring Amy back.”
“Wow, that’s sad,” said Leah. “I’m sorry, Mr. Lincoln.” 
“Call me Kenny. Anyways, I think I found—“ 
“Lady and gentlemen, we’re a landing!” yelled Ricky Ray excitedly. 
Kenny continued, “I need to show you this when we land.” 
Leah nodded and they strapped themselves into their seats. After landing, Kenny tried to show Leah the video, but they were quickly ushered into a tan, beat-up SUV. The engine revved slowly as Kenny pulled out the roll-up screen once again. The SUV started with a grumble and they drove down the road toward the ruins at Edzna. 
Starting the video again, Kenny fast forwarded to the part as the road jostled them back and forth. “Here, watch this. Look, right there. The rest of the picture is made up of stars, but Orion’s belt was drawn with triangles.” 
“That’s kinda cool, but that’s like the big discovery that you wanted to show me?” 
“Exactly. When I first saw those triangles, I thought pyramids. Then I remembered that the pyramids at Giza, in Egypt, are in the same formation as Orion’s belt. They say it has a meaning. What if this is part of the clue?” 
Leah stared forward, silent, pensive. She turned to Kenny and then looked at the paused video again. “Giza would be way too far for the Friends of Zarahemla. Plus, the time period doesn’t match up...but you definitely found a clue,” said Leah, nodding slowly. “We’re going to the wrong place,” shouted Leah to Zeck who was driving. “We gotta turn around. I was wrong.” 
“But you said it was Edzna,” said Zeck. 
“I told you I wasn’t sure, Zeck. What a tool.” 
“Wait, why do you suddenly think we are going to the wrong place?” asked Ryan. 
“We missed a part of the clue, dude. The clue meant the pyramids of Teotihuacan.” 
“Teoti—what?” asked Kenny. 
“Teotihuacan. It’s a city in Mexico with pyramids. The main one—called the Temple of the Sun, no less—points directly at the setting sun on New Year’s day. I had totally forgotten about that one, until Kenny showed me Orion’s belt. The three pyramids there are in the same formation as Orion’s belt. It was a Friends of Zarahemla city. They must have built it to hide the Sun Stones.”
“Well, we’re already here. We should check this place out first. It was your first guess,” Zeck rationalized. He kept the SUV speeding down the road toward the Edzna ruins. “It’s always good to go with your gut instinct.”
“No, we’re wasting our time. We have to go to Teotihuacan.” 
“Maybe we should have asked Leon after all,” said Zeck. 
“You’re a jerk, Zeck, a real tool. I told you to ask Leon, but no, you wanted to trust me. And now that I’m really sure, you aren’t going to listen to me! Fine, go to Edzna. Waste your time. I’m staying in the car with the A/C.” Leah folded her arms and looked defiantly out the window, steaming. 
There was complete silence except for the sounds of the road as Zeck continued towards the ruins. After five more minutes of awkwardness, Zeck tried to apologize without avail and then turned the SUV back around towards the small airport.




Chapter 13

Sarah slapped on a pair of thick glasses and the two nanos that stood like toy soldiers near the entrance were no longer visible. The air was humid. Starsky and Morris almost had the area scanner up and running. The tall metal cylinder glistened in the sparse light of the flashlights and lamps, but its base hid in the shadows.
Starsky turned it on and rows of lasers danced through the whole cavern except for the farthest walls, scanning it. Sarah kept the glasses on, and this time wasn’t afraid of the lasers. She kept her cool and watched the lasers through her peripheral vision.
The lasers shut off and Starsky and Morris slid glasses on. Again Sarah saw the grassy plain digitize into view just as before and Nick was standing right in the middle, waiting. He walked closer to Sarah, looking around. Sarah lifted the glasses again and saw the cave floor. I wonder which he sees, the cave, or the grassy plain. She lowered them again and saw grass blowing in a wind she didn’t feel. 
Nick seemed to finally notice Sarah. “I thought the open surroundings would feel nice. You are going to be in a dark cave for a while.” 
Sarah looked around some more. She felt calm and peaceful. He was right. It did feel nice. Dark caves and endless tunnels only hold their appeal for so long. They had been down in the cave for only an hour or so, but the thought of the last cave she was in with all the unknown bugs and creatures that crept down there would soon strip Sarah of any mental shielding she had built up against her fears. Heaven forbid she touch one of them in the dark. Heaven? No. This place is far from heaven. But not quite hell, either. A bearable hell; a dark, bearable hell. And yet, the biggest discovery in several centuries is in my charge and is lying somewhere in this bearable hell.
“In case Morris didn’t tell you, you are in one of the four chambers beneath the Temple of the Sun. Now, I haven’t seen anything useful yet, but I will analyze what the area scanner got and maybe I can help your search. But you take Morris and Starsky and search the caverns. Leave the nanos near the entrance unless you absolutely need them. They relay the internet connection to the area scanner and to your phones, but if they can’t get a signal because they are too deep, we’ll lose contact. So keep them where they can get a signal so we can keep our communication channels open.”  
You mean, so you can spy on me. You’re such a weasel. “Of course, sir. Good idea,” she smiled. 
“The Sun Stones are hidden down here somewhere beyond traps or doors or puzzles.” Nick turned away from Sarah and walked towards one of the nearby walls. He put his hands on his hips and looked around some more. “We don’t know where, but Morris, you know what we are looking for. Help Sarah and keep an eye on her. We don’t want her lost in one of these caves.” He turned back towards Sarah and stared at her for a moment, looking her over from top to bottom. He marched forward and stopped less than an arms length away. He peered menacingly into Sarah’s eyes. “Now Sarah, I am taking a big risk sending you down here. Do not let me down. We must succeed here if we want to finally wipe out Zarahemla. You must succeed. No more mess ups like with your hand.” 
She stretched and contracted her gloved hand that hung at her side. The memory of intense burning and her own shrill, screaming voice flashed through her head. She felt woozy for a moment, but quickly regained her composure. Hatred ignited in her heart and replaced the woozy feeling. She decided that she had to do something to get rid of Nick. 
“We must show the rest of the board that I am right. If you don’t get those Stones, your future in the Brotherhood will be cloudy at best.”  
Nick walked over to a computer that Sarah could not see and lifted his glasses. He moved a mouse and clicked on something. The grass and mountains faded and the Nick hologram disappeared. Sarah saw nothing, even with the glasses off. She waited for her eyes to adjust and then saw only cave walls and dim lights. The hills and grass were gone. That old coward. He had better watch his back. ‘Your future in the brotherhood will be cloudy at best,’ she mocked. I’ll be chatting it up with the board in his chair soon enough. He’ll be out in the street...or six feet under. 
Sarah began leading Morris and Starsky quickly around the walls of the cavern. Morris knows what we’re looking for. Well I do, too, Mr. Nick Malnick. And do you like what you see when you check me out? You better look now, because I’m going to...Sarah stopped herself so that Morris and Starsky couldn’t read the emotions on her face. 
Morris suggested, “We should probably be going slower so we can—“ 
“Not necessary.” Sarah did not turn to look at Morris or even stop walking. “I know what we’re looking for and I would see it from all the way on the other side of the cavern. Don’t worry. Just keep those flashlights on the wall.” 
The first chamber took only half of an hour to walk briskly around. Coming almost full circle, they approached something that looked like it could be important. They shined their lights on it and got closer. It was just a worthless rock. Sarah turned quickly and pridefully towards the second chamber. 
She didn’t wait for Morris and Starsky before she began walking along the wall. She found what seemed to be a tunnel that led out and back to the pyramids above. Hmm, a second entrance, she thought. It had nothing useful though, so she moved on. Walking in silence in the dim light brought her thoughts to center stage. She reflected again on the conversation with Nick earlier. This time she felt hollow inside. I’m such a jerk. How could I think those things about him? He’s giving me the opportunity of a lifetime. I should be so grateful to him. Next time I see him, I’m going to apologize...well maybe not apologize, but I’m going to for sure thank him sincerely for this chance. Man, I’m such a rotten, fowl person. I need to be better. From now on, I’m going to be better. 
She kept walking, her thoughts consuming more attention than looking for a way into the chamber where the Stones were hidden. In just over fifteen minutes she came full circle in this chamber. Morris and Starsky were only half way done. She heard them laughing and joking. She sighed heavily in disgust and cut towards the third chamber. 
The third chamber brought similar results: nothing. This one was much larger and had taken probably two hours to walk around; most of the time was in complete silence. Sarah was far ahead of Morris and Starsky, too far to hear their voices. She began feeling alone in a very dark, open space. She slowed her walk to let them catch up to her. The fear of the unknown crept in and she suddenly wanted companionship. 
She did not, however, feel like she wanted to know Morris or Starsky enough to have a conversation with them. The long trip there had been about all the conversation she could muster. Starsky was attractive in a pitiful sort of way, but that’s all he had going for him. Morris seemed to be more intellectual and possibly charming, but the surplus in gray matter only made up for the deficit of pleasant features. 
As she thought of each one, the desire for their companionship faded. Sarah grimaced as she thought of being with the both of them in this cave for much longer. Just then her feelings threw her a curve ball and suddenly she felt bad for having thought such mean things about them. I said I was going to be better, she told herself. So I’m really glad they are here with me...nah I’m not glad. Don’t be stupid, Sarah. Besides, where does being nice get you? Nowhere. I don’t need to be nice. I need to get rid of Nick. Then I will be in control of a whole continent of agents...and after that, the whole Brotherhood. She laughed to herself.
When she had searched the whole fourth chamber and found nothing, Sarah waited for the other two. She turned and looked dumbfounded into the darkness towards the other chambers. How could this be? We looked everywhere. Every inch. There’s no way we missed it. When the other two finally caught up, she looked at Starsky who gave a friendly smile in return, but Morris visibly shared Sarah’s exasperation and sighed deeply. 
“Let’s start over.” 
“Let’s do it slower this time. We probably missed something last time.” 
“Obviously,” Sarah snorted. 
They painstakingly searched the whole fourth chamber again. This time they overturned rocks and cleaned dirt-filled walls. They looked under rocks and over them and around them. They moved every stone and boulder that Morris and Starsky could. Anything that was in climbing reach they scrutinized, but they found nothing. Sarah demanded a break and they all sat to eat a snack. “Okay, next one.” Sarah got up and led them back to the third chamber. 
They followed the same routine. No reachable inch left unchecked. Morris and Starsky shoved over a rock which made a loud tumbling and cracking sound that echoed throughout the cavern. Sarah listened to its echo until it faded. 
The sound never stopped. She kept hearing it minutes after it should have stopped echoing. She listened closer. It wasn’t the echo. It was something else. Something in the second chamber. The tunnel from the outside? Someone coming in? Are the nanos coming over here? She inched closer to the second chamber, her heart beating heavily in her chest. She started seeing a dim light. The sounds grew louder and more distinct. It was a group of people. It’s too late for visitors. Who did Nick send? He said he trusted me! I can do this by myself.
The sounds got closer. She could hear a group of people’s feet walking on the hard, stone ground. She could also hear a soft humming sound. It echoed off the walls louder and louder as the group got closer. Sarah turned off her flashlight and told Morris and Starsky to turn off their lights. She hid herself in a better place behind a large stone and a stalagmite. She would be able to see them and she hoped that no one would be able to see her. 
Their light grew brighter and brighter. The light was too bright to be a normal flashlight or lamp. It kept getting brighter, brighter. 
As the group of people came into view, Sarah thought of angels descending from heaven. The light that came from behind and above them was so bright that it was impossible to make out their figures. All Sarah could see was light and she had to look away and cover her eyes. One of the Stones! Why would Nick have them risk bringing one of the Stones!? No, it’s...could it be Zarahemla? How did they get one of the Sun Stones? And Nick told me they didn’t know about the Resting Place. 
She looked back at the light, trying to see how many there were. She put on her glasses and now was able to make out four of them. 
They spread out, each one heading a different direction in the cavern, and one walked toward her. Sarah held her breath. There’s no nanos, it has to be Zarahemla. She heard talking and people’s feet scraping against the ground. She finally saw what was making the humming sound. It was a small computer-looking thing with a few helicopter blades and solar panels. It was floating in the air following the man with the Stone. That’s pretty cool, she thought. I want one. I wonder what they use it for...
The person that had been coming towards Sarah, stopped, turned away from Sarah, and looked at one of the walls. Sarah finally exhaled when the person started walking away. It was a younger girl. She had tall boots, colorful hair, and depression written all over her face. She must be enjoying herself down here, thought Sarah sarcastically.
Sarah’s heart beat loudly in her chest. She kept trying to calm herself down and trying to slow her breathing. If she didn’t, she would give herself away. They would definitely kill her. They would immediately know she is with the Brotherhood and waste no time in killing her. 
If Zarahemla didn’t find her, they would find the secret passage to the Sun Stones and Sarah might as well be dead. Nick would kill her. I can’t fail. The Brotherhood has been searching for too long to be stopped now because of me, she thought. I need the nanos. 
The nanos would make short work of Zarahemla. She had to call them. But how? She couldn’t get their attention from here and they would not move from their post. There had to be some way to get their attention without alerting Zarahemla of her presence. She thought of nothing, so she waited. 
She heard a voice. It was someone from Zarahemla calling another over to a rock on top of a chest-high cliff. The man with the Stone went, too. I knew that looked suspicious. I should have looked at it closer. One man, who wore all white, came and easily pushed the rock off the cliff. The stone cracked against the ground and made a bang that echoed throughout the caverns. Bats flew, screeching from their hiding places. Surely the nanos heard that. They will be here in seconds. 
Nothing happened. They didn’t come. They must think it’s me. Sarah looked back at the small cliff. Zarahemla had found something behind the rock that they shoved off the cliff and everyone went to look at it. Sarah realized that this was her chance to make a run for the first chamber. Butterflies tickled her stomach and her throat went dry. She closed her eyes and started stalking across the second chamber. 
Sarah wanted so much to look at what they had discovered, but she kept her focus on her feet. She heard footsteps behind her. Her heart stopped. She stopped and spun around slowly. Morris and Starsky were following her. She shook her head, but neither reacted. They kept coming towards her. If one of them gets me caught and killed, I’ll come back and kill him. 
Zarahemla had definitely found something. How did they find it so fast? We looked there. Morris is an idiot. He missed it. Excited voices echoed off the stalactites above. Time was running out and Sarah was only in the middle of the cavern. Should she run for it? Should she call out to the nanos? Both? Her heart pounded and her palms sweat. She froze in indecision. 
Sarah then heard the worst sound that had reached her ears this whole trip. Nothing could have been worse than this sound. It was the muffled cry of a man before he trips and falls. That horrific sound was followed by pebbles flying and bones hitting rock. It must have hurt whoever fell, but it was torture to Sarah’s ears. She had only one option now, and it wasn’t go back and help up whoever had fallen. 
Zarahemla’s voices rang out through the cave and footsteps clamored closer. Sarah hustled towards the first chamber, eyes fixed forward, and yelled for the nanos. The echo of her voice caused the bats to screech again and fly. She expected to hear shots, but there were none. 
Instead there was a loud rumbling that shook the ground fiercely. Sarah tumbled to the ground scraping her hands and losing her glasses. 
Pulling herself up, she screamed again for the nanos. Why aren’t they coming?, she thought. The footsteps grew louder. Pushing herself up she felt a hand tightly grab her mouth and a tight grip around her torso. Suddenly she was flung around towards Zarahemla’s team. She struggled to get free without success. She was being pushed towards the man with the Stone. The light was too bright. She looked away but the strong hand around her head forced her to look forward. Sarah was being blinded by the light. 
One of Zarahemla’s men yelled, “Super Soldiers!” 
The man holding her told everyone to move into the doorway. In a brief moment of coherent thought, Sarah realized that the rumbling sound and the shaking earth was a large door that had opened. Just then, shots fired and echoed throughout the cavern. Sarah wasn’t sure if she heard the echoes or the bullets ricocheting off the walls. She was now being forced to run or was being carried, she wasn’t sure. The nanos yelled orders to halt and stop. Sarah had never heard one of them speak, but could pay little attention to that. 
He’s too strong for me. Sarah squirmed again. Gotta get free! What if they accidentally shoot me! 
Sarah could barely tell what was happening. The man was holding her by the stomach with her face towards the ground. She couldn’t get free. She kicked him and tried to bite, but he held her too tightly. There were shouts and bullets. The ground was moving so quickly. She thought she saw Morris’ leg. She thought someone had grabbed her leg. It was happening too quickly and Sarah wasn’t able to use enough of her senses to make sense of it. 
The path started heading downward. The man carrying her was running even faster now. His right knee almost hit her in the face every time it came up. She was being jiggled and tossed around and started to feel sick to her stomach. 
Her kicking still had no affect on him. She clawed at anything, trying to cause enough pain in order for him to release her.
She heard a stone fall loudly. It cracked the air and then there was silence. No shouting. No guns. It must have been a door, she thought. I’m alone with Zarahemla. They’re going to kill me for sure! 
“Is everyone okay?” The man carrying her asked between breaths. He dropped her violently on the ground. She landed hard on her elbows and knees and rolled to her side. The ground hurt. She quickly scrambled to a corner, scared. She curled up into her knees and looked at the others, her heart thumping. I’m going to die. 
Zarahemla mumbled and groaned, but luckily no one advanced towards her. Everyone was lying on the ground, or leaning up against a wall, struggling for breath. Someone commented, “I’m sick of those things already.” 
The young girl Sarah had seen was lying hurt on the ground. The man in white was kneeling next to her, but soothingly rubbed his lower back where Sarah had been kicking him. Good. I hurt him. 
Sarah looked to her left and saw a ray of hope. She saw Morris. He was with her; he had made it! He was being pinned against the wall by one of the men who had a gun pointed at him. 
“No!” She cried out and reached towards Morris. “Don’t hurt him!”
The man in white turned towards Morris after looking at Sarah. “I told you she was with them, Ryan. We shouldn’t have brought her here. We should’ve just killed her. And how’d this guy make it in here?” 
The man holding Morris had a British accent and he sounded kind as he spoke. Sarah realized that the he must have told the others to protect her. He had saved her. “Well,” he exhaled loudly, wiped his forehead with his arm, and breathed in, “maybe we can get some answers out of them. Maybe they know where Blake is.”




Chapter 14

Mantis held his new cell phone loosely to his ear as it dialed out. It rang twice. 
“Hello?”
“Hello, Spider.” 
“Who is this? Mantis? Is that you, Mantis?” Spider asked. 
“Yes, it’s me. It’s been a long time.” 
Spider’s voice lightened and Mantis could tell that he was smiling. “Hi, Mantis. It has been a long time. Too long.” 
Mantis continued, “I don’t think I’ve talked to you since you left the GAFF.” 
“I think I called you once a few years back,” Spider said. 
“Ah yes, I think you’re right. So how is your family doing?” Mantis asked. 
“I’m sure they are doing fine.” 
“Oh I see. Still don’t get to see the family much, huh?” 
“Same as before,” Spider said. “Except now I’m single.” 
“Sorry to hear that. Work must be good, though. What was it that you do, again?” 
“Philanthropic Archeology. And you’re right, things have never been better.” 
“I wish I could say the same.” Mantis sighed. “Almost no one believes or cares about the Grays anymore. They just want bigger explosions with bigger and bigger parties afterward and more and more drugs.” 
“It’s hard to find good help—people that see the vision.” Spider paused, “especially in your field, Brandon.” 
Mantis laughed. “You’re still never wrong.” 
They both chuckled. For a few minutes they remembered and mused about their stories from their time together in the GAFF. 
“Well, I didn’t call to burden you with my grief or even just to catch up. I thought you might be able to give me some insight on something that happened to us the other day. I’m sure you remember the Gray’s promise stone? The glowing one?” 
“Of course. You can’t forget something like that—that strange, good feeling you get when you’re around it. And there’s nothing as bright as one of those. That’s the reason I went into archeology, Brandon. What about it?” 
One of those? Mantis thought. I knew it. He has to know more about them. 
“Well, some people stole it from us—right under our noses. And just a few hours later, another—completely different—group of people came and tried to do the same thing. They weren’t very happy when they didn’t find it though. It got pretty ugly.” 
“Are you guys okay?” 
“I don’t want to burden you, but anyways, didn’t you know something about some people who knew more about the stone?” 
“They stole it from you, huh? What are you going to do? How are you going to get it back?” 
“Well, Hawk took it upon himself. You know how he always was,” Mantis said. 
“Hawk? I could definitely see him going after that stone. He would risk his life for it, I wager. It sure was important to him. His conversion still amazes me, Brandon. He’s a changed man. You did it; you made the perfect disciple out of him. It’s too bad Panda was never around to see it,” Spider commented solemnly. 
“Nah, she did most of the work. But you’re right; he definitely is willing to give his life for the Grays. Let’s hope he can get that stone back. He emailed me yesterday. He said he learned that there are more stones, just like that one. Can you believe it? And he got a clue to where others might be hidden.” 
“More stones, huh? I knew it.” He paused for a moment. 
He does know something. But I don’t want to bring him into this.
“Going by himself is he?” 
“No, he…it’s kind of a long story, but he found some help. So do you know anything about either group?” 
“Well, the people I’m learning from now know about people who know more about the stones. I don’t know much yet, but we might be able to help each other out, Brandon. How about this: I’ve been wanting to take a trip back West for some time now, so why don’t we meet up and get some lunch? My treat,” Spider suggested. 
“Sounds like a plan, Nick. Thank you. When will you be in the area?”




Chapter 15

Kenny limped around the corner and saw only darkness. The Stone’s light was nowhere to be seen. He limped forward a few yards and came to an intersection with a perpendicular tunnel. Ryan had disappeared down one of the tunnels and was nowhere in sight. Sparrow hovered at eye level, turning and pointing his light down each tunnel. 
“No!” His voice echoed fiercely off the walls. He hit the wall with the butt of his fist and rested his head on his arm against the wall. 
The woman from the Brotherhood and her friend had gotten away with Amy’s Sun Stone. Zeck had been asking her about Blake. She hadn’t heard of him, she had said. She didn’t know anything about anyone joining the Brotherhood from Zarahemla, she had said. Tossing her bleach-white hair back and forth as she shook her head, she had said she knew nothing. Suddenly she kicked Kenny in the groin. 
After that it was something of a blur, but she stole the Stone and made a break for it with her friend. Ryan and Kenny had gone chasing after them, but Zeck stayed back with Leah. Kenny couldn’t keep up because of his hurt leg, and of course, his mistreated groin. 
Now he was alone in the dark with a hovering robot as his only companion. He enjoyed the quiet, though. He had not heard quiet since he met Zeck. It was soothing, rejuvenating. He stood a minute contemplating. He wanted to chase after Amy’s Stone; Ryan might need help. But which way? It was impossible to tell and Kenny didn’t want to get lost. 
It’s better for us to stay together. I’ll go back to Leah and Zeck. 
Kenny turned back the way he came and limped down the tunnel. He shined his flashlight from wall to wall, admiring the craftsmanship. The tunnels must have been carved by human hand. They were too perfect to be made by chance. They were perfectly straight; corners were perfect ninety degree turns. The floors and ceilings were flat, smooth and an even eight or nine feet high with no stalactites or stalagmites. The tunnels were about two people wide and the walls were rather smooth without large jutting stones or indentations. They did not have designs or a carved brick pattern like the tunnel near Copan, but it was too perfect. This had to be done by human hands...or probably by the Grays. When Kenny realized that the Grays must have had a big part in the making or designing of this underground hiding place, he felt a warm at-home sensation trickle through his body. 
He kept walking. 
The flashlight shined a small, disappointing cone of light forward. How depressing, Kenny thought. I can barely see with this thing. I really miss having that Stone. That woman is going to regret taking it from me. 
Kenny came to another intersection. I don’t remember an intersection here. I must have just gone straight, then. Kenny continued straight ahead through the intersection. He turned another corner. He kept going around another corner. 
“You guys won’t believe...” Kenny trailed off. He was looking at another intersection, but he had thought he would be looking at a wide passageway and large stone wall—where they had come in. He thought he was going to see Leah and Zeck standing ready to go help find Ryan and find the Sun Stones. “This should be it.” He yelled into the darkness, “Where are you guys?” He heard no response, no movement. “Maybe it’s just around the corner here. But...which way?” 
He stood and stared at each tunnel. 
“Leah,” he yelled. “Zack.” His voice echoed up and down the tunnel in each direction. No response came back. “I was just kidding, Zeck. Your name is Zeck, not Zack. Come on, guys!” 
The silence was no longer soothing. It was creepy.
Is this some kind of maze? 
As the thought crossed his mind, Kenny pictured what would happen if everyone else left him down here after they found the Sun Stones. How would they know I’m still down here? They would probably think I found a way out. Would they even care? I could be down here forever. I’ll die down here. 
What if I find the Stones, but I can’t get out? Or what if I do find everyone and we all get lost down here? Forever. What if we find the Stones, but the woman gets lost forever? She’ll have Amy’s Stone and we’ll have only fifteen of them. And I don’t want to lose Amy’s Stone. Any of the Sun Stones but that one. 
But, if that happened, I guess I could come back in a few months and take the Stone from her dead body. 
Kenny shuddered and looked around. She’s not the only one that might die down here. He looked at each passageway, shining his light down each. Each opening had an archway higher than the rest of the tunnels and the intersection’s ceiling was a dome that reached a foot or two higher than the tunnels. 
Which way? 
Kenny decided that it didn’t matter which way, really. He just needed to get moving. The Brotherhood could be close to the Sun Stones by now. 
He heard no bats, no water dripping, almost nothing. It was dry, but there was a light flow of air and an unwelcoming chill. The air flow occasionally brought a pocket of warmer air which diluted the chill, but couldn’t remove it.  
After another intersection skillfully navigated, Kenny decided that he had no idea where he was or where anyone else was in relation to him. He cursed himself for having run off alone to chase after that wretched woman. Hopefully she is more lost than me.  
Kenny stopped walking and leaned against a wall. His stomach growled. He had not been able to eat that morning—too anxious. And their lunch had been small and hurried. He clumsily sat down against the wall and opened his backpack. He turned off his flashlight to conserve the batteries. Fumbling through his backpack, he pulled out a diagonal cut of his sandwich and slowly took the first bite, putting the other half in his backpack. It was good: ham and cheese. Leah had made it. He sighed and thought about Amy’s Stone that he had lost. 
His mind drifted back to when Amy had first showed him the Stone. She brought him excitedly down to her basement. Kenny couldn’t believe what he was seeing. It was the most amazing discovery of his life. 
Kenny finished the half sandwich. 
He thought about that day, years later, when Mantis explained to him what the Stone meant. He thought about how he wouldn’t believe. He remembered how Mantis had walked into Kenny’s living room, with a smile. In his mind, Kenny heard the floorboards creaking under Mantis’ shoes and the fan blowing over head. He remembered that Mantis sat across from him, and Amy was next to him hugging his arm, her head on his shoulder. Mantis spoke calmly. He explained about the Grays and their promise to return. Kenny refused to believe. He told Mantis to stop lying and stop poisoning his wife with such worthless tales. He had told Mantis to leave his house. Kenny pictured Amy holding back tears as she showed Mantis to the door. 
Kenny’s heart throbbed. He pictured Amy’s face with tears streaming down her face again and again. The image wouldn’t leave his head. It took me so long to believe you. And you weren’t even there when I finally did. His heart reached out to her in the darkness. He felt so far from her. Tears welled up in his eyes for a moment and his breath was choked in his throat. 
Amy. 
Suddenly, Kenny heard something in the distance. He jumped to his feet and realized again how dark it was. He couldn’t make out what he had heard, but he knew he had heard something. He grabbed his flashlight from the ground, flicked it on, and flung his backpack onto his back. Looking in the direction of the sound, he dashed toward it, limping only slightly. He was pretty sure he had heard something, he thought. He wanted to hear something. He reassured himself that he had, in fact, heard a noise. 
At the first intersection, he paused, listened. There! The sound! He spun quickly to the left and took off down that tunnel without looking back. “Hello?” He yelled. “Ryan. Leah.” Sparrow followed closely behind him. 
He turned another corner and came to another intersection. He paused again. He heard only the beating of his heart and his quick breaths. 
“I think it’s down this way.” 
He wheeled to the right and kept moving. He suddenly heard a sound behind him. He turned back to the intersection and went straight through it, moving faster now. After a few corners, he came to another intersection. He had not heard anything for a couple of minutes. He waited. He heard nothing. 
He waited. 
“Ryan!” 
He heard...no, only his echo. He stood and waited for a long time. 
“I think I’ve been here before,” he said out loud. The intersection looked exactly like all the others he had seen, but he felt like he recognized it. He was sure he had been there before. His shoulders dropped, followed by the rest of his body. He sat, drooped over, in the middle of the intersection, still panting and frustrated, rubbing his throbbing leg. 
Kenny pointed his flashlight to the ceiling and looked up. This place must be huge. He began wondering how long he had been in this maze of tunnels. Taking out his cell phone, he estimated he had been there for about three hours. He had turned his flashlight off and the light of the phone illuminated his face in the darkness. The cell phone needed to be charged. I better keep you off for now. 
Staring at the hard floor, he thought about the others and what they were doing. They might have found the Stones already. They might have found the Brotherhood and gotten Amy’s Stone back. Maybe they were just as lost as he was. At least they are together, he thought. They have someone to be lost with. Except maybe Ryan. If I run into anyone down here, I hope it’s him. If...that’s a big ‘if.’ 
He suddenly looked up and stared into the darkness. I can’t keep this up. I should just stay in one spot and hope someone runs into me. Wait, wait a second. What if I just sit here and wait for someone, but they are doing the same thing? We’ll just sit on our butts ‘til we die, waiting for each other. Well, my only other option, then, is to look for the Stones, because looking for everyone else is useless. We could be going in circles forever and never find each other. The Stones, at least, aren’t moving. 
Kenny told himself that the obvious answer was to look for the Stones, but deep inside he knew it was just as worthless as trying to look for anything or anyone else. 
He told Sparrow to land and shut down. He needs to save battery power. We could be here a while. I’ll have to carry it, I guess. Taking a swig from a water bottle, he folded Sparrow and put it in his backpack. 
Kenny stood up with determination and a second wind, slung his backpack back onto his back and took a deep breath. He tightened the straps on his backpack, straightened his back, made circles with his shoulders, and popped on the flashlight again. 
“Now, let’s think. The Grays—and/or the Friends of Zaremla—would have made this with some sort of rhyme or reason,” he mumbled to himself. “They would have left some sort of clues. But what kind of clue?” 
Kenny shined the light all over the ceiling and the archways above the tunnel entrances. He scanned the walls between tunnels and even looked at the floor. Analyzing every scratch or group of indentations that he saw, he looked for anything out of the ordinary. 
It was all ordinary. 
Kenny laughed to himself. Ordinary. None of this is ordinary. 
He saw nothing—no symbols, no writing, no clues. 
“Where would they hide a map...or directions?” He strained to think. 
“The Stone!” It hit him like a foul ball. I’m so stupid. We need the Sun Stone. He paused as the idea sunk in, his eyes suddenly widening in fear. That woman. She can see the clues!




Chapter 16

Blake sat on a bench on a busy street, waiting. He was leaning forward, his elbows on his legs, fidgeting with the psy-gear’s plastic headband. An autumn wind blew the tail of his long, tan overcoat. 
Blake looked at his watch. He didn’t take notice of the time. A few seconds later he looked again at his watch. This time he saw the time. The man Blake waited for was late. 
A cold shiver ran up his spine, although it wasn’t cold outside. The sun shone brightly over head, and bright, fluffy clouds floated by. Blake noticed that his under arms were sweating, partially because of the temperature and partially because of his situation. The same shiver went down his spine. He knew he wasn’t cold, but something inside of him made him shiver. 
He put the headband beside him on the bench and rubbed his face with his hands. He sat back and looked at his watch again. He looked up and down the street. Blake wondered what the man would be driving. And how would this man know Blake was the person waiting for him? 
A car slammed on its brakes for a red light. On the sidewalk, two ladies walked by, excitedly talking. The sun clouded over as the smell of fresh bread walked by. 
Are these types of people late? Blake’s right leg twitched up and down shaking his whole body. Did he say two or one? He suddenly couldn’t remember what time he was supposed to meet this man here and his heart beat stopped. Did I miss it? He’ll never listen if I miss an appointment. After debating in his head he tried to reassure himself that it was, indeed, at one o’clock. He looked at his watch, but had to look a second time a few seconds later. 
He looked up the street and down the street. He saw cars of all types. He looked for something and yet did not know what he was looking for. Something different, a sign. Something out of the ordinary. Some vehicle that a rich man would drive. A pimped out truck? A Dodge Viper? Lamborghini? No. It would be his servant or butler. An old classic maybe? A Cadillac? Lincoln?
Someone smoking walked by and Blake took in a deep breath of it and enjoyed. He looked up and down the street. There were no Cadillacs, no Lamborghinis. Just normal-people cars.
Blake looked at his watch. He picked up the headband again and his hands shook slightly as he examined it. He put it away in his coat.
Blake sat there for a few more minutes hunched forward, looking down at a bug on the sidewalk, his leg twitching. When he looked up he still saw nothing to his right. But he looked to his left and suddenly it was there. Somewhere out of the droning traffic the black, shiny SUV had appeared in front of Blake. Blake jumped backward in his seat. 
He stood, quickly inspected the car, and decided that he had expected more than this impressively clean SUV. It was normal, very normal. Blake was disappointed, especially from what he had heard of this man. Blake never would have imagined from talking to him that his servants drove normal, black, SUVs. 
The passenger door opened by itself, inviting Blake to climb in. Well, that is kind of cool: automatic doors. He looked towards the driver to see what kind of a person would be a servant to the man he was waiting for and saw no one. He hadn’t heard the other door open and no one was walking around the vehicle to greet him. Where’s the driver?
An accented female voice came from the SUV. “Please, Mr. Vickers, get in.” It wasn’t a happy voice, but it wasn’t harsh either. The Middle Eastern accent disconcerted Blake. The man he was going to see was not Middle Eastern. 
Blake cautiously sat in the seat. He turned to look at the back seats, expecting to see someone, and at the same time knowing that there would be no one. There was no one—no one at all—in the vehicle with him. The door closed slowly. The door locked. A shot of fear surged down Blake’s body, but he told himself to calm down.  
“Don’t be alarmed, Mr. Vickers.” The voice was not mocking, but disinterested. “My boss likes playing with people, I fear. Everything is normal. For some people this ride is very disagreeable, but you will be fine. Just sit back and try to relax. This car will drop you off at his front door. If you want to listen to some music just say an artist, radio station, or genre. We will be here waiting for you.” 
Blake looked around. It was comfortable and classy: white leather interior with chrome trimming.  
Just then, the vehicle put on its turn signal. Blake stared at the little flashing light on the console in disbelief. When Blake had seen that there was no driver, he knew—but had denied—that the car would take him there itself, but when he saw the turn signal it was suddenly a painful reality, and his denial became nausea. 
Blake then realized why the voice had said that most people didn’t enjoy the ride. The vehicle waited for the right moment to pull out into traffic and suddenly accelerated. Blake curled up in his seat and then frantically reached for the seatbelt. The SUV swerved from lane to lane and flew through traffic. It narrowly missed a truck and ran a red light. Dizziness joined Blake’s nausea and they had a party in his stomach.




Chapter 17

Zeck shined his light down the hallway where they last had seen Lincoln limping after the Brotherhood with Ryan right behind them. They had still not returned. Leah was pacing the hallway again, staring at the floor.
She and Zeck had been waiting for the others to come back. Zeck had wanted to go look for them, but Leah convinced him that it would be smarter to wait there. 
“It’s probably a maze, dude, knowing the Friends of Zarahemla. We’ll just get lost and then like they won’t be able to find us and then we’ll all be lost, like forever,” Leah had explained. 
Zeck had agreed. He did not want to lose his team, but being alone with Leah wasn’t a bad trade. He conceded and relaxed next to her, but not too close. 
Zeck rewound the battle with the nanos in his mind; it was all so much a blur. Lady Justice had definitely saved them. None had died or come away with serious injuries. And at least one of the nanos won’t be going home. Lady Justice would be proud. 
Zeck began feeling the scratches from that wretched woman from the Brotherhood and his bruised lower back and legs from her flailing legs. Because of the long sleeves that Zeck wore and the glove she had on one hand, she had been unable to scratch him much, but she was able to find his hands and face. As his finger tips slid across the wounds, he tightened his stomach and his hairs stood on end; they were still sensitive, but the blood had dried. That woman had struggled fiercely, but Zeck successfully held on to her. Good idea, Ryan. You’ve ruined us. We carried a snake right into our home, and now it has bit us. 
Leah’s arm had been shot and Zeck had dressed the wound. She was lucky—it wasn’t a serious wound. He was amazed at how Leah was taking the pain; she said nothing and barely made a sound, but she didn’t take her hand off of her arm and Zeck could see the pain in her eyes when the light shined on her face. The others might have had similar small wounds, but Zeck had not seen anything serious. Justice was looking down on us today. 
“A woman in the Brotherhood,” Zeck stated. “I still can’t believe it.” Without a doubt she was attractive, especially in her leather jacket and tight jeans. Her upside-down, teardrop-shaped face and athletic body were very appealing. Her white hair was odd, but made her even more eye-catching. Even though Zeck couldn’t believe that a woman was part of the Brotherhood, he didn’t mind that it was her. Before he could think about her too much, however, he remembered that she was the enemy. She is only a temptress. Besides, I’m here with Leah. With Leah!
Leah looked at him without an expression. Then turned and kept pacing. 
Leah had always been a hard egg to crack. Zeck didn’t understand her, which made him want her more. She was young, maybe too young, but he would wait, he told himself. Besides, he needed the time to get into her heart and make her like him. He knew that with time, she would come to love The Avenger. What woman existed that wouldn’t love a man who daily fought for Lady Justice? A man who dedicated his life to freedom and the righteousness of his people?
The Temptress would love a man like that…no, no. I’m with Leah.
Zeck had noticed that Leah was starting to get uneasy after being alone with him for so long. Not much had been said, and it was getting more and more awkward by the minute. Zeck cursed himself for never knowing what to say at the right moment. The few things that were said had been nervous, babbled and trite. Leah had responded indifferently. She just needs more time. 
Zeck began suggesting they go looking for Ryan and the harbinger.  
“We’ll get lost. They’ll never find us. We should just stay here,” Leah replied, her voice shaking. 
“It’s been a long time, maybe hours, Leah. We really need to start looking for them...or at least the Sun Stones. Let’s go.” 
“You can go ahead. I’ll just be here, safe. This is the door we came in through, so like you guys gotta come this way on the way out. We’ll see you then.” 
“I don’t think so, Leah. You need to come with me. I’ll keep you safe...” Zeck paused. “Look, we’ll just take a left up here, see what we find, then we’ll come right back here. We won’t get lost.” 
“Dude, no.” 
“Fine, you can wait here all alone. You can welcome the Brotherhood when they come through that door. When that woman comes back, just tell her we are looking for her, alright? And let’s hope there aren’t any wolves or spiders down here, because I’m not sure if they make good pets or not. Let me know if you find out.” 
Leah shivered. “Alright, dude, you win. I’ll go with you.” Zeck smiled. Leah continued, “But if you get us lost dude, my dad is going to kill you.” 
Zeck’s smile remained as he took a left at the first intersection they came to. Zeck walked at a sort of leisurely, confident pace. He was trying to show Leah that he knew what he was doing. He was in control and would protect her. She could feel safe with him. 
She whipped her flashlight from wall to wall and then to the ceiling so quickly that it would break a baby’s neck. She looked backwards and turned forward again, constantly moving the light. 
“You really don’t like it down here, do you?” 
Leah replied, her voice weak, “I just don’t want to get lost.” 
After a few yards, they came to a wall. Zeck leaned against it and pushed. It was solid. He put his ear to it, and listened. Hearing nothing, he took a few steps back and examined around the wall. He saw no marks, no door opening mechanism. There were no carvings or pictures. It was just a solid wall—a dead end. 
“Alright, a dead end. See? That was easy. Now we just go back to where we started and try another hallway.” 
Leah only answered with a quick head shake and continued twirling her flashlight.
Arriving at the original intersection, Leah walked out into the middle and spun slowly, looking down each hallway. Zeck saw a concerned, fearful look appear on her face. 
“This doesn’t look like where we started. This isn’t the same intersection. You got us lost already, Zeck. Where did we come in from? Oh no, we—“ 
Zeck calmly, slowly spun her by her shoulders towards the wider hallway that led to the door they came in through and pointed with his flashlight. “Don’t worry, it’s right there. Now let’s try this one here.” 
“I wish we had like a string or something.” She held her injured arm tightly. 
They walked under the archway and into the darkness. Leah walked closely behind Zeck. His right shoulder felt her arm every few steps. It was calming and exciting at the same time. She needs me. I’m her hero. 
They came to a sharp ninety-degree turn to the left and kept walking. After several more yards of an enclosed hallway, they came to another intersection. 
“We’re lost aren’t we? I knew it,” Leah lost it and began panicking. She walked around the circular intersection flicking her light from one hallway to another. Zeck stood under the archway of the hallway they came in through. He followed Leah with his flashlight, but shook his head slowly as she freaked out. “I knew we were going to get lost. Who’s going to find us? No one knows where we are, or how to get to us. We’re dead. We’re going to die down here...in the dark...alone. Do you remember how to get out? Zeck! Do you remember how to get out?” 
    She began breathing heavily and flopped on the ground. Zeck went to her, sat down next to her on her left, and pulled out water and a sandwich from his backpack. He tried to get her to eat, putting his hand on her back. She shrugged his hand off her back and grabbed the water bottle. The water poured onto her clothes as she drank. Handing it back to Zeck, she grabbed the sandwich. 
“It’s right that way. When you come to the first intersection, you turn left. Don’t worry. I’ll protect you.” She’s got me at wit’s end. We better find those Stones and high tale it out of here quick, or we’re gonna need either a straight jacket or a body bag. Lady of Justice, help us. 
Leah had taken a bite of the sandwich and seemed to be calming down. Zeck took his right hand and patted her left knee to comfort her, and then rested it there. Score!, he thought. 
Suddenly Leah swatted at Zeck’s face with her right hand and landed a slap right on his cheek. She spun towards him and pushed him to the ground, swinging again and again for his face. Lying on his back, Zeck blocked and dodged her hands and fists. He grabbed at her arms, and held them motionless. She exhaled angrily and started kicking at Zeck’s side. Zeck rolled away and got to his feet. 
No sooner had he gotten to his feet and looked towards the flashlights lying on the ground than Leah rammed Zeck and pushed him towards the wall. She was unable to move him, but kept pushing and grunting. Zeck grabbed her arms and tried to talk to her. 
“Leah! What is going on?” 
“You idiot. We’re lost down here. It’s all your fault. We’re gonna die.” Leah kept trying to push Zeck and kick at his legs. Zeck kept her away enough to be out of her reach. 
“Calm down. Leah, calm down!” Zeck yelled, his voice echoing down the hallways. “It’s right over there, down that one. We’re going to be fine. Lady Justice is on our side.” 
“Shut up with that,” Leah exclaimed. “You’re crazy! Lady Justice doesn’t exist!”
“But you believe what Alien-boy says?”
“Why won’t you just let Mr. Lincoln believe what he wants? He’s a nice man. Why do you have to be such a tool?”
Zeck chose to ignore Leah’s blatant inconsistency and chalked it up to her current anxiety attack. “We’ll find the Stones and get out of here.” Zeck lowered his voice back to normal. “You just gotta stay calm.”  
Just then Zeck felt hope grace his ears. He perked his ears to the sound and moments later he heard it again. Leah heard it too. She stopped trying to kick and struggle and grabbed her stuff in the middle of the room, ready to take off towards the sound. Zeck heard it again: the sound of echoes of people. Zeck took heart, grabbed his things, told Leah to follow, and dashed into one of the hallways toward hope. 
As he ran, Zeck felt the burn of his scratches as the sweat poured into them. They brushed aside a few layers of spider webs. Leah was running almost faster than Zeck. I hope Ryan can handle her. She’s crazy. 
“Ryan! Mr. Lincoln!” She yelled out. 
They turned a corner, breathing heavily, and saw a brilliant light emerging from an intersection. Lincoln. Oh good, he got the Stone back. I think I’m actually glad to see him. As they approached the light, Zeck felt the familiar warm feeling of righteousness come over him.
“Ryan. Mr. Lincoln. Ryan.” 
They slowed down, but Leah continued jogging to them. He didn’t want Lincoln to know he was happy to see him, so he walked slowly. He shielded his eyes and tried to look down at the floor. 
“Dude, I’m so glad to see you guys.” As Leah approached, Lincoln and Ryan didn’t say anything; they were oddly silent. Just then, Leah let out a scared whelp and backed up quickly. 
“It’s the Gadianton—“ 
She didn’t finish before she fell backwards to the ground. Zeck whipped out his Beretta and without thinking opened fire towards the blinding light. A man yelled out and fell to the ground. The light dove into one of the hallways and retreated. The man picked himself up and followed. 
Zeck ran to Leah and helped her off the ground. She clutched at her injured arm. Zeck looked down the hallway where the Brotherhood had escaped. 
Leah looked him in the eyes and nodded. “Let’s go!” 
He tore down the hallway towards where he saw the light disappearing as he heard Leah’s steps behind him. “Don’t kill ‘em.” 
“Sweet Justice, it’s the Brotherhood, Leah! Come on,” Zeck yelled back. 
“They didn’t have any guns or whatever and they didn’t hurt me.” 
Stupid little girl. She’ll never understand.
He ripped around a corner and thought he saw the light up ahead, but he was shaking his flashlight so much—and Leah too—that he wasn’t sure which light he was seeing. He visualized in his mind himself finding the Temptress. He saw himself taking the Stone by force and leaving her injured and alone in the dark. Adrenaline flowed into his blood stream and his pace quickened.
They turned another corner into an intersection and saw the Stone’s light disappear around a corner to the left. I got you now! 
He visualized Leah’s disappointed face that he would see if he were to injure the Temptress. He pushed it out of his mind and thought only of the feeling of success he would have when he had the Stone in his hand and had neutralized the Brotherhood.
When he turned the next corner, he saw the Stone’s light, but it was below him. “What the...”
Zeck suddenly didn’t feel a floor beneath his feet and fell forward. He hit the ground and rolled down the ramp. He adeptly stopped, got to his feet, and started down the ramp towards The Evil Ones, but just then Leah hit him from behind and took him to the floor. She rolled over him, moaning, and they both continued to the bottom where they smashed into the Brotherhood. 
Zeck was on top when they hit the pile of people, but he continued flying forward until he slammed into a wall. Pain spiderwebbed from his head to his back and arm. He lifted himself on the arm that didn’t hurt and saw that Leah lay curled up on top of the Temptress and her minion. 
Getting a hold of himself and his senses, Zeck saw that the Stone had rolled out of the Temptress’ hands and was now rolling down the hallway nearest to them. This was his chance to get the Stone back. The Temptress tried to pull herself out from under the other two. Zeck knew he had to act fast. He got to his feet and swayed. He was still dizzy from rolling and fell back to his knees. 
Leah was starting to pull herself off the pile of people. She looked over at Zeck and then at the Stone. “Zeck, quick,” she shouted. Her voice and its echoes hurt Zeck’s left ear, the one he had landed on.
“I know. I got it.” He stood back up and lurched towards the hallway where the Sun Stone was escaping. He knew the Temptress would be right behind him by now. He prepared for her to attack. He figured she would probably go for his legs or his head. He hunched over and kept his ears sharp for her footsteps behind him. 
In no time he was right where the Stone should have been. He had to shield his eyes, causing him not to be able to see exactly where it was. He bent over and began feeling the ground with both hands, probing. He moved both arms parallel to the ground in big circles to his side and in front of him. 
Leah screamed. The Brotherhood must be right behind him by now. He prepared for a blow to the head, but there was nothing. No one hit him. Searching faster and faster, he was half focusing on the sounds behind him, ready to react. He heard footsteps, but they didn’t get any closer. They can’t be that slow. Are they waiting for me to grab it, and then attack?
“Zeck!”
“I know, I know. They’re behind me. I’ll be fine.” Neither of them stands a chance against The Avenger. “I almost got it.” 
She screamed again, softer. 
Just then he felt the smooth Stone bump his left pinky finger. He turned toward the Stone and quickly snatched it up. He wheeled around, ready to throw an elbow. No one was there. He heard a faint scream from Leah. Running back to the bottom of the ramp where they had all crashed, he saw no one. They had run away! They took Leah! No! 
He looked quickly down the other two hallways and then quickly up the ramp. Three choices. Which one? Which one!? 
Hope faded quicker by the second and his heartbeat soared as he realized what he had done. He traded the Stone for Leah. He hadn’t protected her. He let her go into the hands of the Evil Ones. He sentenced her to death so that he could grab the Sun Stone. Blood surged through his veins. He had to act quickly. He had to save her.
He chose the closest one—the one on his left—and charged down it. After turning a corner, he paused to listen and heard nothing. He hesitated, frozen. He was caught between two hard decisions: keep going this way and pray that it’s the right way or go back to the ramp and try another hallway. Either decision could be completely wrong and yet there was no way to know. Each precious second he used to decide increased the chances that both decisions would be wrong. 
“No!” Zeck yelled violently. “Leah!” He punched the stone wall and recoiled in pain.
Zeck spun around and tore off down toward the bottom of the ramp. When he had arrived, he chose the other hallway without hesitation and sprinted. Almost smashing into the wall while rounding a corner, he sped up and strained to hear something—anything—from Leah. He got to another intersection and stopped. He listened for a split second, and then went right. 
Before entering the hallway to the right, he stopped, listened, turned around and decided to go to the left. He stopped himself before entering the hallway to the left and listened. He waited. There was no sound. She was lost. 
She’s gone...I failed.
“Leah!” He waited for the echo to die down. “Leah!” 
I’m sorry, Leah.




Chapter 18

Kenny stepped out of the knee-deep water he had been wading through. Water poured onto the cave floor. “I hate having wet feet. This had better be the right way,” he said out loud, shaking his head. He turned around and looked at the long stretch of water that he just walked through in the tunnel. I think they put that there on purpose, he thought. He turned back around and continued trudging with his wet feet. The squishing and squashing sounds from his shoes quietly echoed off the walls. “Just great...I’m going to be listening to that annoying sound for the next ten hours.”
To conserve battery power in his flashlight, he walked in the dark with both arms extended, only his right hand touching the wall with his fingertips. They grazed lightly against the stone as he trudged along. He limped a few more steps, stopped, put his arms down at his sides, looked up to stretch and shouted, “I’m sick of being in the dark.” 
He listened for signs of life, but only heard his echo. That was the only sound he had heard for hours upon hours: his echo. He continued walking with his hand on the wall. 
Sparrow was still in his backpack, saving battery power. “Who knows how long we’ll be down here,” he had told himself. “And after we find the Sun Stones, we still have to find our way out of here—assuming that we find them—and when I say we, I’m assuming that I’ll find someone else down here so that ‘we’ are not just me.” 
His mind reverted back to a few hours ago when he had stopped in the middle of a tunnel to sit and meditate. He wasn’t sure now how long ago that was. Hours? A day? It was irrelevant down here. His meditation had helped him for several hours. He had focused less on his hunger and fatigue and more on his goal. It helped him to walk confidently through the maze of tunnels. It had helped him to feel the hope of seeing the light of day or at least another human’s face again. That hope, that focus had long sense faded away. 
The squishing of his shoes brought his mind back to the present. He didn’t want to stop to meditate now; he didn’t feel like it. His growling stomach was too loud to allow him to concentrate and he wanted to make forward progress. 
“Progress,” he repeated. “There is no such thing here.” Distance, direction, time; they all meant nothing in these tunnels. And there was no way to feel like one was getting closer.  
“I give up. I’m done. I’m lost...and will be forever.”
He had seen no signs of that woman from the Brotherhood, or Amy’s Stone. He had not seen any signs of human existence—except for some skeletons on the ground hours back. His hope had run out and he could not take another step. 
Just then—as Kenny was about to sit down, defeated—he saw her. It was a hazy, dim light, but it was a light. Coming around the corner, Kenny saw that it floated towards him. It was a female ghostly figure with light all around its person that smiled as it approached. Kenny smiled back as his body suddenly felt lighter. 
It got close enough so that Kenny could see it’s face clearly. He recognized the face immediately: Amy! It was Amy; she was floating toward Kenny. A few yards away, she stopped, beckoned him to follow with a smooth, flowing motion in her arm. Kenny knew it wasn’t real; it couldn’t have been, but he followed. She turned around and floated down the tunnel. Her light began to fade as she disappeared around a corner. 
“Amy,” Kenny whispered. 
Kenny walked quickly after Amy’s ghost. He turned the corner and saw Amy hovering in the intersection. She turned to the right and disappeared into the tunnel. Kenny jogged over to the intersection and turned right. 
“Amy,” he said louder. But when he went under the archway, he didn’t see her. She was gone. 
“Amy!” he shouted down the tunnel. 
Flicking on his flashlight, he ran quicker, rounded a corner to the left and stopped.  
It was a dead end. But he stared, intently. He couldn’t take his eyes off what was on the wall in front of him. He stood frozen in place. His hands trembled, shaking the light, and his jaw hung loose in his mouth. After a moment, a smile slipped onto his face and his shoulders relaxed.
In front of him was a stone door. Carved pictures covered it from top to bottom. In the middle, just below chest level, there was a circle that was not carved and inside the circle was an imprint of the calendar rune. It was the same mechanism that opened the way to the maze, and the same one as in Copan.
“I f-found it,” he stammered. “I did it. I found it! This is the door to the Sun Stones.”
He moved forward and touched the carvings on the door, caressed the calendar rune relief with tenderness. He did it. He found the entrance. Laughing, he rested his forehead against the wall in front of him. 
“Alright, so now what? How am I going to get Leah here? Why did we let her have the rune, anyway?” Well, to get her here, first I have to find her...which is impossible. Then I have to bring her back here...which will be impossible. “So, I found it, but I can’t do anything. I can’t get the Stones.” It’s useless. I’m still no closer than before, and yet I’m right here. He swore out loud, kicked at the air, and sat down to think.

***

Suddenly Kenny woke up. He was lying on the ground. He looked around. “How long have I been asleep?” His pants were practically dry and any puddle that he had made from his dripping wet clothes was just moist dirt now. He took out his cell phone and turned it on. The start-up tune echoed down the hall and its light stung his eyes. After adjusting, he looked at the display. “It’s only nine at night?” No, it must be in the morning...nope, says p.m.... “Wait, it’s Thursday?!” He ran his hand through his hair. We’ve been here for more than a day!
Getting to his feet his leg was stiff and uncompromising in its apparent desire to remain straight. Kenny dusted himself off and tried to bend his knee. Pain streaked up and down his leg, but he slowly got it to bend and straighten normally.
Kenny bent down, felt where his flashlight was, and tried to turn it on. The switch wouldn’t budge. He pushed it harder. It still didn’t move. It was then that he realized that the switch was in the ‘on’ position. He flipped it to the ‘off’ position and then back on. The battery had died while he was asleep. He hit the side of the flashlight a few times. “Come on, stupid thing.” No light came out of it. “For crying out loud.” Kenny kicked at the air again. 
“Just great. Now I’m totally in the dark.” 
He felt his way to the door and caressed its carvings and the opening mechanism in the middle. He took in its beauty through his fingers and tried to picture it from what he remembered. After seconds that dragged into minutes he pulled himself away from the door, sighed, and turned back toward the maze. 
He stood resolutely grasping his backpack and looking into the darkness. He saw nothing and feared everything that he couldn’t see, but knew he must go back into the maze. With a deep breath he puffed his chest out. He must find the others. He alone had found the door to the Sun Stones; he could find them. He had to find them. 
“I have to remember every turn I make—wait a minute—that’s why I have Sparrow. Oh, thank goodness!” He grabbed his backpack off his back, opened it and began unfolding Sparrow on the ground. “Come on, Sparrow. You and I are going to save the world.” 
When Sparrow had booted up, announced that no available Internet connection was found, and lifted off the ground to hover at eye level, Kenny ordered, “Sparrow, record and save my voice commands in reverse order. Go into low-power mode, dim your light, and save every ounce of juice you can.” 
Kenny pulled out and unrolled the flat screen. Hovering his finger over the battery symbol in the taskbar on the upper right corner, he saw that there were only three hours of battery power left. “Man, we have to hurry.” 
His shoes still squished annoyingly as he walked. He trudged on—determined—yelling out the turns that he took to Sparrow. He forced himself not to limp and maintained his stare straight ahead. Feeling his way along the walls, he only looked around when he came to intersections. At each one he would stop briefly, listen down each tunnel with his hand cupped around his ear, and choose a direction. 
He, at first, told himself that he was choosing scientifically; looking for footprints, listening, looking for other signs of human presence. After a few intersections he admitted to himself that his choices were purely random. He chose whichever direction he felt like. Finally admitting this to himself was depressing. His determination slowly became desperation. 
Kenny had lost track of how long ago he had left the carved door, but he heard some sounds a few tunnels away and he quickly forgot his anxiety, depression and doubt. He wasn’t sure if he was just hearing things again, but he didn’t care. He rushed towards the sounds, shouting out his path to Sparrow. 
He turned a corner and saw a light in the distance turning a corner. He ran past the intersection and yelled to Sparrow. “Straight.” His heart was thumping. The exhilaration of seeing someone—a live person—smashed his loneliness like an apple hitting a semi. He was now at full sprint and whipped around the same corner where he had seen the light. 
It wasn’t just a flashlight’s light. Kenny recognized it as soon as it blinded him. It was the Stone, Amy’s Stone. He immediately felt a warm sensation flood over his body as the light touched him. He felt like he was comfortably at home. His heart beat calmed and he sighed quietly. 
If he found the Stone that meant one thing: the Gadianton Brotherhood. At least it’s a human being, he thought. The woman holding the Stone turned towards Kenny. He screeched to a halt and shielded his eyes to see her. He couldn’t see anything. She held the light up right at him. 
Suddenly she put the light behind her back and Kenny was able to see a gun pointed at him. She seemed taller than before and her confused grunt was in an uncharacteristically low voice. He noticed a red laser pointer dot shaking on his chest and suddenly he recognized the gun. 
“Zack?” Well, at least it’s sort of a human being. “I mean, Zeck. You got the Sun Stone?” 
“Lincoln,” Zeck grunted. He lowered the gun and put it away. He held the Stone in front of him, but tried to cover it with his hands. They did almost nothing to hide the light. “I’m almost glad to see you, space man. Yeah, I found that Temptress and stole the Stone right out of her hand. She’s lucky I let her live. She’ll die by herself in this hell, though, and her friend wasn’t so lucky.” 
“Umm...great, Avenger,” Kenny made a face as he drawled out the words. “Where are the others?” 
“I thought you were with Ryan. And it’s Zeck, by the way, not Zack. You brain dead—“ 
“You care about how I say your name at a time like this? Come on. Anyways, where’s Leah, then?”
Zeck shook his head. 
“Dead?” Kenny croaked, eyes wide open. 
“No, stupid. She’s lost somewhere in the hallways. Dead? Where do you get dead? Geez...” Zeck trailed off. 
Now I remember why I don’t like him. Maybe being alone wasn’t so bad after all. “Well, we need to find her. I found the door to the Sun Stones. I know the way!” 
“That’s probably the first thing you’ve done right. Is it close?” 
“It’s hard to tell down here, but I’ve been walking for a while, probably two hours.” 
Zeck laughed, “Then how do you know the way?” 
“I’ve had Sparrow keep track of each turn I’ve made since I left it.” 
“I guess that flying pile of bolts is good for something.” 
“Thanks, pal,” Kenny replied sarcastically and continued without pause, “Anyway, it’s only got a little more battery power left. We have to hurry.” 
“Calm down, hurrying just gets you lost. We have to think about this and plan a course through this maze.” 
Kenny stared in amazing confusion for a moment. “We’ve been down here for more than a day. This place is a huge maze which could take a week to cross for all we know. There’s no reason to plan a course through it. We just have to pick a tunnel and go as fast as we can. We have an hour to find Leah and get back to the door before Sparrow’s batteries go dead or our bodies are going to rot in here.” 
“Yeah, we should just pick a door, any door, and go,” Zeck said nonchalantly. 
Kenny exhaled angrily. “I agree. Alright, let’s go. Give me my Stone.” Kenny held out his hand. Zeck stared at Kenny, apparently thinking it over. Kenny held his hand outstretched and stared right back at Zeck. “As your elder, I’m asking for my Stone.” 
After a moment’s pause, Zeck reluctantly shoved the Sun Stone into Kenny’s hand. Kenny brushed past Zeck and took off down the passageway, without waiting to see if Zeck was going to follow. 
“Why this way, harbinger?” Without looking back Kenny could tell that Zeck was keeping up with him. 
“Does it really matter which way we go?” There was no answer. 
The soft whir of Sparrow’s motors was soon the only sound besides their footsteps. Kenny thought how different it was to be trudging through this maze with Amy’s Stone compared to his little flashlight. The darkness was shoved back to the smallest nooks and most hidden corners. Light flooded the tunnels like a monsoon. He felt alive again. Now only if he had some food to calm his growling stomach. 
They came to the first intersection and stopped. Kenny looked around and for the first time saw something different, something he hadn’t seen in this drab maze of small passageways. Painted on the archways above each tunnel were symbols. 
“I knew it!” 
“What?” 
“I almost forgot about this. Look,” Kenny pointed towards the symbols. “Just as I thought: those are clues that only someone with one of the Sun Stones can see.” 
“So what do they mean, genius?” 
“I have no idea. None of them look familiar.” 
“And how does it help us?” Zeck asked. 
“It doesn’t right now, but when we find Leah, she’ll know what they mean.” 
“If she’s still alive.” 
“What?” Kenny asked loudly.
“Huh?”
“What do you mean ‘if she’s still alive?’ What happened to her?” 
“Wha—oh, well you know, these are some pretty hard hallways to travel. You never know what dangers are down here.” 
Kenny stared at Zeck. “For crying out loud, Zack. What in the Sam Hill happened to her? Now, I’m really worried.” 
“Nothing—I mean, not that I know of. I’m just saying, let’s hope we find her.” 
Kenny stared at Zeck for a while. Zeck looked up at the symbols and down the tunnels, but wouldn’t make eye contact. Kenny shook his head and then looked at the symbols as well. 
Just then they heard a familiar voice come from one of the tunnels behind them. It was a voice that didn’t sound fatigued, or hungry, or tired of being alone in dark tunnels. It did not sound like it yearned for human companionship. It sounded casual and happy, like the sound of a flute. Zeck and Kenny jumped in surprise and wheeled around to see Ryan shielding his eyes from the Stone’s light. His eyes obviously hadn’t been exposed to very much light in the last day. 
“Hey! All right mates?” 
“Ryan!” Kenny shook his hand vigorously, smiling. He was a real human and Kenny was happy to see him. Now he did not have to be confined and alone with the self-proclaimed embodiment of Justice. It seemed, however, that Ryan did not miss them as much as Kenny missed him. 
“This has been awesome right? Have you been having as much fun as I have down here? I mean the time has really just flown by. Can you believe it’s only been like a day? Isn’t this place great? It’s so dark, but confined; spooky but controlled. It’s so calculated and masterful. Glorious, simply.” 
Kenny stared at Ryan blankly. Ryan was smiling. “You’re crazy, too. This place is making us all crazy. Fun? You’ve been having fun? I’m starving.” 
“Where’s your flashlight? Did it run out of batteries or did you lose it?” 
“What? My torch? Oh, it’s in there somewhere,” he said, pointed towards his backpack. “Actually, I’ve got some granola bars in here. You can have them, Kenny. Before we left I remember having been so hungry in Copan that I brought plenty of extras. Here. Peanut butter.” Kenny devoured two granola bars in seconds and held on to the rest. 
“So where to now, chaps? Do you want to see the waterfall that way? Or the pile of wolf bones? Or how about the Tunnel of Spiders? That one is really neat. I didn’t see any spiders on the webs, so I think it’s safe, but it’s a whole passageway covered from top to bottom with thick, sticky spider webs. That’s a little further away, but it shouldn’t take too long if we hurry. Or—“ 
“It’s okay, little buddy. E.T. over here says we gotta hurry and find Leah.” 
“I see. Very well then. Wait, what happened to her?” 
Leah. The food had felt so good on Kenny’s tongue and going into his stomach that he hadn’t thought about how little time they had to find her. “We’ll have to dig it out of Zack later, but we have to find her quick,” Kenny declared. “We have less than an hour.” 
“Wait, why?” Ryan asked. 
“Alien befriender found the door to the Sun Stones and his robopet saved the way back to  them, but genius that he is, didn’t bring a spare battery.” 
“It’s solar powered,” Kenny argued. “I’ve never had to worry about a spare battery, and I didn’t plan on getting lost for a day in a cave. Let’s go.” Silence filled the tunnels after Kenny’s echo stopped. 
“So which way?” Ryan broke the silence. 
Kenny chose randomly and pointed at his choice. “Let’s go this way.” He didn’t hear any objections, so he turned and walked quickly under the archway and into the tunnel. Kenny felt even better than before. He was accompanied by living, breathing people, had the Stone in his hand, and finally food in his stomach. He was running on all cylinders now. His steps were more determined, his pace was quicker, and a smile came across his face. 
As the time ran down, the three of them walked faster and faster. Kenny yelled directions out to Sparrow as they passed intersection after drab intersection. A right here, straight there, another right, and a left. They talked and argued and Sparrow’s battery kept running down. 
“So, Ryan, I have to ask: what’s with the British accent?” 
“I wondered when you’d be asking. You think you got me sussed out, do you?” After Kenny’s confused look, Ryan chuckled. 
Zeck interrupted, “He told me one day that he liked how they talked over there and from that day since, he hasn’t said a word without that silly accent. Sounds pretty fake though, doesn’t it? Told you, Ryan. But he tries hard.” 
They continued speeding through intersections and tunnels. Kenny walked ahead of the other two, Sparrow beside Kenny at waist level. Kenny felt like he had to drag them along. They don’t understand how it felt to be lost and alone like I was. And they don’t understand how little time we have left. He called out to Sparrow the direction they had taken, and then the usual silence—except for Sparrow’s motors—flooded the air once more. 
Ryan spoke up. “Kenny, you’re not limping any more.” 
Kenny slowed down and turned his head. “Hey, you’re right. And it doesn’t hurt anymore.” 
“Why were you limping in the first place, again?” Zeck asked. 
“What?” Kenny stopped dead in his tracks and the other two almost ran into him. “Don’t you remember the jeep you guys drove on top of me?” 
“Oh, that’s right,” he laughed. “Well, you finally got better. Good to hear, Lincoln.” 
Turning swiftly around, Kenny walked even faster, furious. 
Just then Sparrow’s alarm went off. 
“What does that mean?” asked Ryan. 
“No! I told Sparrow to sound an alarm in three hours; meaning we’ve got just a few minutes before his battery goes dead!” Kenny scrambled for the roll-up screen. He handed the Stone to Zeck, but quickly retracted it and held it out for Ryan. His heart beat soared and the thumping sounded in his ears. He nervously unrolled the screen, to see exactly how much time was left, hoping against hope, but he wasn’t prepared for what he saw. “Wait. That doesn’t make sense.” Kenny scratched his head and looked down again at the screen. 
“You were wrong, weren’t you, E.T.?” 
“The battery is full! That’s not possible.” He sat down to rest. “How could this be?” He looked up at Sparrow and ordered, “Sparrow. Diagnostic: how did your battery charge?” 
The British accent stated that its solar panels were receiving sunlight. 
Ryan blurted out, “The Sun Stone, mates! It only makes sense. Sun. Stone. Sparrow’s got unlimited power!” 
“Of course! That’s great. Oh thank goodness. We can find our way back to the door!” 
“See, Lincoln? You can’t worry about things so much. I knew we would be okay. Lady Justice is looking after me.” 
Kenny tightened his jaw and tried to control his rage. “Ya know Zeck...rrr...whatever. You’re right. We’re okay for now.” He paused. “Hey, I have an idea. We can use Sparrow as our little scout.”
“Huh?”
“Yeah,” Kenny continued, “We’ll send him out down the tunnels and we’ll watch were he’s headed with this screen.”
“He could go lots faster than us. Blimey—“
“And then it’ll guide Leah back to the nest and we’ll be home free with the Sun Stones,” Zeck added.
“Exactly.”

***

“Alright, my turn to watch the screen, Ryan,” Kenny said. He looked over towards the Stone that lay in the middle of the room on the ground. He got up off the ground, walked over to Ryan, looked towards the Stone again, and sat down. Ryan handed him the screen and Kenny set it on his lap. Almost as soon as it was on his lap he saw dark figures of people scurry around a corner in the video stream.
“Leah!” he shouted into the microphone.
Ryan leaned over. “Huh? You see her?” Zeck stirred, but didn’t wake up.
“Follow her, Sparrow. Turn the speaker up to make sure she hears us. Leah,” Kenny said again. “Leah! It looks like she’s with someone.”
“Leah!” Ryan chimed in. 
Zeck lifted his head and mumbled something.
Kenny saw the figures turn around and walk back toward Sparrow. “Sparrow?” Leah asked. “Where’s Kenny and the others? Why are you alone?”
“Leah! We’re here,” Kenny said.
“We sent it to find you, Leah. It’s good seeing you again,” Zeck added, now fully awake.
“Whatever, Zeck. Your kindness today is like overwhelming,” she replied.
“You’re not still mad are you? Look I tried—”
“Well it was totally a fail, Zeck. Fail.”
“Are you with the Brotherhood, Leah?” Kenny interrupted. “Are you okay? What are they doing to you?”
She answered, “I’m fine, no thanks to Zeck. Dude, where are you guys.”
“Follow Sparrow.”
They waited for several minutes, maybe an hour or more. Finally they heard rotor blades echoing down a tunnel and saw a dim light appear around a corner. Zeck took out his gun and held it ready. Sparrow flew into the intersection and Leah was close behind with her arm shielding her eyes. Zeck raised his gun and aimed at the woman who was following Leah.
Leah jumped in front of Zeck’s gun. “Zeck! What are you doing? She’s with us.”
Zeck reached forward with his left hand and tried to push Leah aside. She stood her ground. Zeck pushed harder and Leah slapped him.
“That’s for letting me get captured, ya tool. You’re just lucky Sarah isn’t one of them.”
“The Evil Ones have brainwashed her!” Zeck felt his scratches.
“It’s true. She was like blackmailed by her boss. She hates the Brotherhood and the guy that sent her, Nick something. They’re using her, you know? She wants to help us find the Sun Stones.”
“And then bring them back to the Brotherhood. She’s a spy, Leah! She’s lying,” Zeck argued.
Everyone was silent for a moment and all eyes were on Sarah. She sheepishly smiled. Her blonde hair was unkempt—she must have spent the night on the ground as well—but did not cover her kind, pale face. She wore a white glove on one hand, but seemed to be trying to hide it from view. Her bloodshot eyes and the bags under them along with the droopy way she carried herself told Kenny that she was just as tired and worn out as the rest of them.
“Well, Sarah? What do you have to say for yourself?” Kenny asked.
Sarah hesitated, but looked Kenny in the eye and said, “What Leah says is true.” Her voice was kind and confident. “I hate Nick. He’s forcing me to come here against my will. Especially if I had known it would be Hell’s maze.” 
“Lincoln, she’s brainwashing you, too. She’s with the Brotherhood! The Evil Ones!” Zeck bellowed. 
Kenny looked at Ryan and then at Leah. “Well, Leah, if you think she’s okay, I’m willing to trust you.” 
“No, Lincoln. I’m the leader here. We are not going to let her follow us. She’ll stab you in the back, Leah.” 
“Whatever. What are you going to do to her? Kill her like you did Morris? Yeah, did you forget about him? He was cool, dude, and I watched him die because of you.” 
“Who?” Asked Ryan and Kenny simultaneously. 
Leah continued, “Oh, let me guess, Zeck. You didn’t tell them why we aren’t together. How I ‘got lost’ and ended up with the Brotherhood. You’re wack, dude. He abandoned me and left me alone with Sarah and Morris. It like turned out good and all, but what if they had been hostile?” 
“I was getting the Stone—“ 
Sarah interrupted, kindly, and walked toward Zeck, “Leah, don’t be so hard on him; it is one of the Sun Stones that he was going after, not just any piece of trash.” 
Zeck looked at her sidelong. She got closer, flirting with her eyes and accentuating her curves with every step. 
“And, Zeck, don’t worry, you didn’t kill him. You did shoot his wrist, but he would have made it. The poisonous spider that we ran into was what did him in. It’s sad. He saved our lives, but died doing it.” 
Leah folded her arms and shifted her weight onto one hip. “More than The Avenger was willing to do.” 
Kenny interrupted, “Alright guys, we’ve wasted enough time on this, and I, for one, am extremely excited to find what we came for and get out of this cave. Fast.” 
“Jolly right. Let’s go. Sorry, chum,” Ryan said patting Zeck on the back heartily, “Looks like she’s coming with us.”




Chapter 19

“They got away?!” The President of the Board of Directors of the Gadianton Brotherhood hit the table with his fist, his face turning red.
Nick knew that the President was an austere man, but not a man that lost his cool. Nick watched as the President’s face returned to its normal color. Nick looked around at the colored interior of the decorated hotel room. It was not five-star material, but it was welcoming. The sun shone through the open windows and a light breeze cooled the room. 
Mayor Elvir from South America continued nervously, “I-I’m sorry sir. The agent w-waited for a f-full day, and they n-never appeared.” Mayor Elvir slowly seemed to gain more confidence after the President sat down. The Mayor was a large, bulging, gross man, that was wise beyond his many years of life. He continued, “He sent the nanos to scour the cave...They found the door, blasted it open. Nothing was there, sir. They had stolen whatever was in there. The nanos waited for three more days. Zarahemla was not seen.” He paused, embarrassed, but added, “But sir, it appears that Zarahemla was not aware of the Sun Stone in the other part of the cave and it was retrieved without issues.”
The President stood up again, but this time calmly. He nodded to Mayor Elvir, who quickly plopped down in his chair. “Zarahemla has not shown his ugly face in that part of the world for many years. This is disturbing.” 
“The funny thing about it, President,” the Mayor began again, “is the agent told me that they did not look or act anything like Zarahemla’s men. They did not put up a fight or argue, but just ran further into the cave. The cowards.”
Everyone laughed briefly. 
“Truly interesting...”
“President,” Nick motioned with his hand, “I fear I may know something about this rogue Zarahemla faction. Long ago I ran with a different crowd; it’s called the GAFF. They are an activist group and their leader contacted me recently. This faction of Zarahemla was using them—and me when I was a part of this group—to hide one of the Sun Stones. It was the GAFF that led me to you, President. They were told it was a gift from aliens.” Everyone laughed again. “There is a man in the GAFF that is now working with Zarahemla. It’s the same man that I told you about earlier. He used to be a friend of mine, and he’s not someone that you want to make your enemy. He is a man that can be very dangerous and is highly driven to maintain possession of what he claims is his wife’s Sun Stone. His name is Kenny Lincoln.”
“He is only one man. Zarahemla has ten men that we need to watch like that—and those are the ones we know about.” Fallon Wardlaw from Europe said. Fallon was an athletic and powerful, yet arrogant man. He believed in his own power and loved exercising it over others.
    Nick argued, “I received information that Lincoln is now with Zarahemla. He must have been in that cave in Copan. I feel we need to watch him carefully—“
The President raised two and a half fingers, motioning Nick to stop. He halted without hesitation. The President turned to his secretary who was typing at a laptop in the corner, “Ruth, for the next meeting we’ll need to talk about diverting some of our European forces towards America if Zarahemla keeps popping up there.” He then turned and looked at Nick. “Nick, Mayor Elvir, we need you keep a keen eye out and warn us immediately if Zarahemla is spotted again in your continents.” 
“But President,” Fallon said, “Are we not sure that the Sun Stones are no longer in the Americas? Why waste our time? We must kill Zarahemla where they are causing us the most trouble.” 
“Dear Mr. Wardlaw, did not Nick just report that one of his agents recovered one of the Stones in Louisiana and another was recovered by Mayor Elvir in Copan? Both of which are in the Americas, are they not?” 
There was a sheepish, mumbled reply. 
“We know that most of the Stones are no longer in the Americas, but we can’t let Zarahemla have even one of them! We must have every last one of them; without all sixteen we cannot harness their true power. And wherever they are in the world, we must stop Zarahemla. Now, I feel I must remind you all once again that our operation isn’t about killing Zarahemla. We are not barbarians and we don’t live in an era anymore when we can just kill people willy-nilly without consequences. We will beat them—under-handedly if necessary—but it is too risky and costly to be dodging police and fighting in court constantly to stay out of jail. Is that clear? Good. Now, are there any other issues that need to be brought up?”
Nick spoke, his heart racing, “Yes, President. I have an unfortunate circumstance that I must report. It appears that our dear Sarah Drews—the new recruit who recovered the Stone at Poverty Point—has gone AWOL. I believe she stole two nanos and escaped to Teotihuacan, Mexico. She told me something weeks ago about the Resting Place—” 
“The Resting Place? But Nick, we know that’s a myth. Not to mention it’s not within your continent.” 
“I know, President. I told her that. I told her not to waste her time—and I told her the rules about not crossing into another board member’s continent. She mentioned her feelings that the rest of the Brotherhood was wasting its time elsewhere and that it needed to find the Resting Place. When I counseled her, I thought I had laid the matter to rest. She left without my knowledge.” 
“This is grave,” Ayorinde Abisoye from Africa said. He was a thin and patient man that only spoke when necessary. “Your agent doing such a thing behind your back and in another board member’s continent with two unauthorized nanos is indeed a grave mistake. She must be brought for the counsel.”
“Her deceit cannot go unpunished, President,” Nick proclaimed.




Chapter 20

Kenny turned the corner with the Stone held in front of him at waist level. He immediately remembered the stone door and its carvings. He briefly pictured himself asleep on the floor and remembered his hunger and fatigue at those moments. Bringing his mind back to the present, he thought how grateful he was to be surrounded by people this time.
Leah ran ahead of him and began examining the door. She slid her hands against the carvings and admired the workmanship up close. She stood back and read, “May all who enter be seekers of truth.”
“It must be talking about the Grays. This is where you all learn that the Grays are the builders of the pyramids and this horrible maze. They gave us the Stones.”
“Justice will prove you wrong today, Lincoln,” Zeck fired back.
Sarah asked, “Who are the Grays?”
“Aliens, Temptress. It’s just something he makes up in his head. Don’t worry about them.”
Although Zeck argued, Kenny heard a friendlier, almost happy tone in his voice. Kenny noticed that everyone was smiling and anxious. He himself felt like smiling. Finally, we’re at the door of the Sun Stones. All we have to do is open the door and I’ll finally be proven right. We’ll finally have all the stones in order to bring the Grays back. When they come back they will be so pleased with Mantis and I. And Amy will finally by in my arms again.
“Wait,” Kenny stopped Leah from putting the calendar rune into the mechanism. “So when we open this door, and get the Sun Stones, which one of us is going to take them? I mean, it should be me. We need to return these Stones to the Grays, but I just wanted to make sure you’re all on the same page—“
“I don’t think so, harbinger—“
“He’s right, they can’t be yours,” Leah argued. “They’re my fathers’—”
“Well, I think we should talk about this,” Sarah added.
Kenny looked to Ryan. “Ryan, tell them. You know they should belong to me.” Ryan shrugged his shoulders and looked from Zeck to Leah to Kenny.
“Whatever, Kenny. You’re cool and all, but Ryan you know my father deserves them. He’s the descendant—“
“But what is he going to do with them?” Sarah asked.
“I don’t know, but like, he’s going to protect them, or whatever.”
“Leah is right,” Zeck added, “Vinny is going to decide what happens to them.”
“No! They are they Grays’. We have to use them to bring the Grays back. Mantis needs—“
“Listen, Lincoln,” Zeck’s booming voice echoed down the tunnels. “We brought you with us for one purpose. Vinny gets the Stones. Period.”
Kenny’s jaw tightened as flames grew in his eyes. He felt Ryan’s hand on his shoulder like a bucket of water on a fire. Ryan looked at him kindly. “He’s right, chap. Vinny will do what’s best with them.”
“Fine,” Kenny shook his head and looked at the door. “Just open the door already.”
He’s right though. Vinny will do what’s right: give them to Mantis and me so that we can bring back the Grays.
After the clank of the mechanism unlocking the door, it opened quietly, almost silently. A warm cloud of air mixed with dust flowed through the group. After wiping and opening his eyes, Kenny peered into the room. He did not see any Stones and the only light was coming from the one he was holding in his hand, but what he did see was far beyond what he had expected.
He had expected to see a circular room, like the one in Copan, with sixteen pedestals in the middle—maybe in a formation such as Orion or maybe in a circle—each one holding one of the Sun Stones—except for one. Or he had pictured an elaborate shrine on the far side of the room with each Stone in its own carved alcove. Or maybe, he thought, when they walked into the room the other fifteen Stones would start levitating because all sixteen had been reunited. He didn’t imagine, however, what he saw. 
What he saw was a very long, tall room. It seemed endless and the ceiling was twice as high as the rest of the maze. It was wider than the tunnels, but felt cramped. All along the left wall there were pictures and symbols and writing that went on as far as the room. On the right was a matrix of rectangular compartments from the floor to eye level. There was something in almost every compartment, but Kenny didn’t pay attention at first to what was in them.
No pedestals, no shrine, no circle, no Stones! What is this? 
“Whoa, dude. This is so cool!” Leah exclaimed. 
“Where are the Stones?” Zeck asked. 
“Blimey! This is not what I was expecting, mates.” 
Sarah and Kenny answered at the same time, “Me neither.” 
Zeck walked over to the right and Leah stared at the wall on the left. They both began explaining what they saw and Kenny didn’t know which one to look at or listen to. They both stopped talking, turned to each other, and motioned to the other one to continue. Neither spoke. Zeck nodded to Leah. She grimaced at him and started over with her explanation. 
“This is the history of the Sun Stones from their beginning! It probably tells like their whole history.” 
Zeck started, “And these books are just like Vinny’s: carved on metal sheets. I wonder if this is how they kept track of where the Stones were. Metal lasts a lot longer than paper.” 
Kenny walked over to Leah who was reading the symbols on the wall. “So, Leah, where do the Gray’s come in? What does it say about them? Who did they originally give the Stones to? The Jaredites?” 
“Sorry Kenny, but you’re not going to like this. It hasn’t mentioned the Grays yet. And it says that they were made by someone else.” 
“That’s impossible. They must be lying. It was the Grays. Who does it say made them?” 
“Sorry, dude. Let me finish reading this and I’ll tell you everything I know, k?” 
“That’ll take all day,” Kenny commented. 
Ryan handed him another granola bar and smiled. “We’re going to be here a while. Let’s see if we can suss this out ourselves and find the Sun Stones!” 
Snatching the granola bar, Kenny told Sparrow to stay with Leah and record everything on the wall. He turned and started walking towards the end of the room with Ryan. Sarah was going that way too, so they walked beside her. 
Ryan said to her, “Even though you didn’t want to be here, at least you’ll get to see one of the biggest discoveries in history.” 
She grinned widely and touched him on the arm, “I know! This is so exciting. I’ve always wanted to be part of something like this. Where do you think they would have put the Sun Stones?” 
Kenny said, “The way things are going, we’re going to find another clue at the end of this room and the Stones will be half way across the world.” 
Leah yelled out, “Hey, don’t walk so far away with that light! I can’t read anything without it.” 
Kenny walked back and held out Amy’s Stone to Leah. “I’ll let you borrow it, but be careful.” He got closer to her and whispered, “Don’t let Zack touch it.” He winked and she smiled in return. 
Sarah and Ryan had their flashlights on when Kenny returned. They laughed, looking at each other. When Kenny asked, they said it was just a silly joke about something else. Kenny ignored them and they continued toward the other side of the room. 
Arriving at the back wall, Kenny sighed. They saw another door and it was locked by a similar locking mechanism as the rest. This one was very different, though. It had three imprints of three different shapes and that meant it needed three runes to open it. 
“Three?” Ryan asked. “Really?”
They looked at it closer. Ryan’s hand and Sarah’s hand met as they touched the carved rune shapes. He jerked his hand back, but she looked him in the eye, smiling, and put his hand back onto the wall under hers. 
“Not now, kiddies. Can we do this some other time?” 
Ryan blushed and put his arm at his side while Sarah looked down at the ground, giggling. “Sorry, chap,” Ryan giggled, “Let’s get down to business, shall we, Sarah?” He laughed nervously.
Kenny looked again at the mechanism. Two of the runes he recognized: the calendar rune and the Orion rune. But the third he had never seen and couldn’t quite make out what it was. It looked like some sort of animal; maybe a cat. “Great, so where’s this third one?”
Ryan asked, “Does that look like a Scorpion to you, Sarah?”
“No, Ryan, it certainly does not,” Sarah giggled. “It looks like a tiger.” She giggled again.
Kenny rolled his eyes as Ryan laughed. Kenny noticed her white glove again and asked why she wore it.
She blushed slightly as her face became serious and almost shameful. She quickly tucked the hand with the glove into her jacket pocket. “Well, it’s not a fashion statement.” She looked at Ryan, then back at Kenny. “Alright here goes,” she said, giving in to the peer pressure. “I burnt my hand pretty bad and I just wear it to cover, you know, the scars. It doesn’t match, I know, but it’s the only one I had.”
Leah was a few yards away by now and Kenny walked over to see her finish reading. Asking for the Stone back, he started to ask her about what she had read, but she hushed him, gave him the Sun Stone, and continued reading. Zeck was right next to her. She glanced over her shoulder towards him every few minutes, apparently wishing he wouldn’t stand close to her. She shook her head with irritation and continued reading the symbols on the wall.
Kenny waited impatiently for her to finish. He tapped his leg with one hand and bounced slowly on his feet. He started thinking about when Amy and he met. He pictured himself like Ryan and Sarah, laughing and giggling with each other. He saw Amy’s smile and heard her laugh. She swatted at his arm and he pulled her closer to hug her tightly. I miss you, Panda.
“Alright, Kenny, everyone. You guys ready for it?”
“Oh yes,” Kenny said emphatically. “Get ready to be wrong, you guys.” 
Leah began speaking in a mystical, folkloric tone of voice as if weaving a story of curses and destruction. “Back around like the Tower of Babel there was this family led by a man named Jared. When the languages were confused or whatever, he and his brother were led by God away from everyone else. Because they were faithful to God, He promised to lead them to a beautiful land where they could live the rest of their days. 
“After years of travel, they came to an ocean. God showed them how to build water-tight ships that were like closed on all sides and had a little air hole that they could open and close or whatever when they needed air. But because they were closed on all sides, it would be dark inside, so Jared forged sixteen perfectly round stones that were smooth and clear like glass. God touched with his finger each of the sixteen stones and gave them power. And that is how they were created. 
“So they arrived in America and over the years they fought over possession of the Sun Stones. Eventually there was that war that I told you about in Copan—” 
“They fought in Copan? You didn’t say—“ 
“Dude, not in Copan, Ryan. I told you guys while we were in Copan.” 
“Oh, right.” 
“Anyway, eventually they had a big war. Orion led the good side that was trying to protect the Sun Stones and Scorpius led the evil army.” 
Sarah interrupted, “Wait, what do you mean that Scorpius led an army?” 
“Well it wasn’t a giant scorpion or anything, dude. Those two generals were like so great and so feared that they became legends that eventually became the constellations that we know. Anyways, geez, everyone eventually died in this war that lasted for many, many years. Orion and Scorpius were the last two and Orion won. So like I told you before, the Nephites stumble upon Orion as he’s all passed out because he lost so much blood and he stays with them for like a while and tells them about the war and stuff and puts them in charge of the Sun Stones before he dies. 
“So the Nephites’ mortal enemies, the Lamanites, find out about these powerful Stones and did everything they could to steal ‘em. They started the Gadianton Brotherhood and in response the Nephites started their own secret organization to stop the Brotherhood: the Friends of Zarahemla. At one point the Brotherhood had twelve of them, but eventually the Friends of Zarahemla got most of them back. So like around 400 A.D. the Lamanites finally wiped out the Nephites, but the Friends of Zarahemla hid the Sun Stones here with all these records of the history of the struggles and wars and stuff.” 
“And so where do the Grays come in? You forgot that part,” Kenny prodded. 
At first, Leah didn’t move, but then she shook her head slowly, knowing that she was about to break his heart. “Kenny, I’m sorry. There’s nothing about the Grays.” 
“No. You didn’t read it right.” Kenny stormed over to the entrance and stared at the symbols on the wall. Sparrow was hovering near him. Some friend you are, Sparrow. You can’t even tell them I’m right, that Amy was right. I should have had Bulldog come with me. At least I’d have some one else on my side. 
Kenny fumed for a few minutes, staring at the wall, trying to decipher at what point the Grays gave humans the Stones. Frustrated because he couldn’t understand anything on the wall and fearing that what Amy believed so much in was wrong, a tear fell down his cheek. He sighed a painful sigh and swallowed hard. He suddenly knew—or finally accepted—that the Grays didn’t give them the Stones. They were made by God himself. The knowledge suddenly freed his mind and at the same time entered fear into his heart. He felt suddenly empty and without purpose, like a life wasted. 
Leah walked over to him by herself. “Hey, I…I’m really sorry, dude. I know how much she meant to you...but just because the Grays didn’t make the Stones, doesn’t mean they don’t exist, ya know? Or that they aren’t going to come back.” 
“Well then I’m wasting my time helping you guys find the Stones. I need to be helping Mantis bring the Grays back.” 
“Hey, man, she had the Stone and she doesn’t know how she got it or her mom or whatever. Maybe that has something to do with her disappearance. The Stones still might lead you to her.” 
“How? This is it, we found them. I don’t think she’s behind that door, or in some cave underground.” 
“Look, dude, my dad believes that they are connected and that finding the Stones will help you find Amy. You’ll find her, Kenny. I know you will.” 
There was a long, somewhat awkward, pause. 
“Let’s go see those Sun Stones, Okay?” Leah said tenderly, with a half smile. 
“We can’t.” 
“Whatever, dude, you’re just being pessimistic. Let’s go see ‘em.” 
“No, seriously, we can’t. The door opens with three runes: the two we have and another one that looks like a cat or something.” 
“What? You mean we made it all the way here and now we have to find some other rune to open the door!? Lame!” She swore out loud. 
“Disappointing, huh? 
“For real. Well, I wanna see it. Let’s go.” 
Leah and Kenny headed back towards the other side of the room. The others were there showing Zeck the third rune impression when they arrived. 
“That definitely doesn’t look like a cat to me,” Zeck concluded. “It looks more like an alligator.” 
Sarah and Ryan laughed. “Leah, why didn’t you tell me about Ryan? He is so much fun.”
“This again?” Kenny shook his head and rolled his eyes. 
Sarah stopped laughing and looked at Kenny. She studied him for an awkward second. “Yeah, Kenny, you look really young. I would have pegged you for thirty—maybe thirty-five, maybe.” 
“Sorry, Kenny, I told her how old you are.” He turned to Sarah and added, “Definitely not forty something, right?” 
Sarah smiled and shook her head.
“I don’t care—”
Zeck interrupted, “Leah, doesn’t this look like an alligator?” 
“You guys thought it was a cat? You guys are wack—wait! Wait a second. A cat. Or maybe a jaguar. I think I know where this one might be.” Leah walked off towards the entrance and stopped just a few yards away. She stared at the wall with one hand raised following along with her eyes. 
“Hopefully it’s down here in the maze, chaps. This place is cool, and it’s depressing to think we have to go somewhere else after having made it this far.” 
Kenny gave Ryan a mean look. “If you jinxed us and it is in this freakish maze, I’ll wait in the open air for you guys to find it.”
Leah spoke suddenly, “Remember I said the Gadianton Brotherhood at one point had like twelve of the Sun Stones? Well it says here where the Friends of Zarahemla found them. Well, actually it only gives like a clue. Right here.” She pointed to the spot on the wall where she was reading from. “Where the beginning of the world looks down on the jaguar and the moon, and crosses Kochab.” 
“Not that Kochab thing again. It didn’t help us at all to get here,” Zeck muttered. 
“What’s it mean, Leah?” Kenny asked. 
“What’s Kochab? You said it before in the maze,” Sarah asked. 
Leah continued, “Kochab is their North Star. Eight degrees west of North.” She paced around the tunnel thinking. “Look guys, I don’t know. We’ll have to ask Leon. He’ll know.” 
“You can do it, Leah,” Zeck urged. “I know you know it. Let Lady Justice guide you.” 
“Umm, thanks, Zeck, but no. After what you did last time I was wrong, no. Maybe Wikipedia would have something about it, but we really need to ask Leon. I don’t wanna lead us to the wrong place—again.”
“Are you sure this is where the rune will be?” Sarah asked.
“Nah, dude, I—”
“Leah knows what she’s talking about, Temptress. We’re going to find out what this clue means and the rune will be there.”
“Whatever Zeck, look—” Leah started.
“Alright, well we can’t spend forever down here and I’m pretty excited to get out of this cave,” demanded Kenny.
“Wait, chaps. What if it really is down here in the maze?”
Everyone stared at Ryan, but by the look on everyone’s faces, they all hoped he was wrong.
“I don’t care, dudes. If it’s down here we can come back in a week after I’ve slept in a comfy bed with a fluffy pillow and totally posted all this crap on my mySpace page. You guys can stay down here if you want, but I want out.”
“I second that,” Kenny added.
“Leah! You can’t put this on the Internet!” Zeck lectured.
“Dude, I’m not going to tell anything. You’re so...ugh…whatever, Zeck. I’m outta here.”
Leah began walking towards the door and Kenny was right behind her.
“Wait, guys,” Sarah called out. “Shouldn’t we take some of these metal books to read them?”
“Don’t touch any of that, Temptress,” Zeck ordered. “Leah, how are we going to get out?”
“Remember those symbols on the archways that I was telling you about? We’re going to follow Kochab right out of here.”




Chapter 21

Zeck emerged last from the underground caverns of Teotihuacan. The sun was beating down on the open valley. They had spent days underground and letting his eyes adjust to light was now painful. He stood with his eyes closed for several seconds and then cautiously opened them. He squinted. It still hurt. Zeck felt like he would rather stare directly at the Sun Stone than to open his eyes right now.
The sound of so many people talking and walking seemed a strange sensation. The wind softly blew on his face. The whole trip Zeck had never let Temptress in back of him. He always kept his eyes on her. The group looked for a place to get away from the crowds, but Zeck kept Sarah within striking distance. He knew she could not be trusted. She was part of the Brotherhood; there clearly was no good in her.
People had stared at them as they opened the hidden door to get out of the maze. It was the middle of the day, so tourists were at their peek. Kenny had rolled the Sun Stone in shirts and stuffed it in his backpack to hide it. The light still protruded from the backpack, but it just looked like a glowing backpack or a powerful flashlight. 
It had seemed that everyone in the cavern turned to look at them and hadn’t stopped until they made it outside. “We must look like we spent two days lost in a cave,” Zeck said facetiously. 
When they had emerged from the underground caverns, people were still looking at them as if they had caught a celebrity doing something that would make the tabloids. People stared at Sparrow and Zeck heard a little kid turn to his parents, asking for one just like it for Christmas.
They started walking down the Street of the Dead, but dashed behind one of the smaller pyramids that lined the road. They huddled together as a small group of tourists went walking by. Zeck didn’t take his eyes off the Temptress.
“So, what’s the plan, Zeck?” Leah asked almost whispering. She turned to Sarah. “Dude, are you coming back with us? You don’t have to go back to Nick. We’ll protect you if he comes for you.”
Zeck looked at Leah. What are you doing? He looked at Kenny and Ryan who did not seem to understand what Leah was doing.
“Leah, you’re going to lead the Brotherhood right to our door!”
“Why don’t you trust me, huh? You’re always so sure you’re right. I’m not a little girl, Zeck. Trust me,” Leah snorted.
“Well, I came with one other person that didn’t make it into the maze with us, and the nanos of course,” Sarah started. “But they must have gone back when we took so long. He is being blackmailed, too, but—“
“See! She’s trying to leave us and go back to the Brotherhood,” Zeck proclaimed.
“But,” Sarah interrupted emphatically, “We can worry about him later. I would like to rest somewhere safe.”
“No. Definitely not, Leah.” Zeck said. “She does not come back with us. She’s going back to whatever evil she came from.”
“You’re just going to leave her here by herself? That’s wack! And you expect her to like go back to them? You need to just trust me, okay? She’s on our side. We can really help her out, and she might be useful and stuff to us.”
Zeck grabbed Leah’s arm. She recoiled from the pain. Zeck had forgotten about the bullet wound. He apologized and pulled her to the side. “Excuse us, we need a moment without the Brotherhood.” 
When he had gotten a distance away from the rest he whispered in a sharp, hissing tone, “Leah, we cannot trust her. She was sent from the Brotherhood. We’ve endangered ourselves enough letting her see the room and going through the maze with her.” 
“Whatever, Zeck. Just whatever. You’re such a tool sometimes. She’s being blackmailed. We are her only hope of getting out of the Brotherhood. She can lead us to them. Trust me.” 
“It’s not that I don’t trust you. I don’t trust the Evil Ones.” 
Leah folded her arms and glared menacingly at him. “Whatever.” She turned around and left Zeck by himself. 
That didn’t go like I wanted it to.
Sarah approached Zeck as he re-entered the group. “Look, Zack—“
“It’s Zeck.”
“Sorry, Zeck. If it means anything to you, I’m sorry for the scratches.” She pointed quickly towards the wounds that she inflicted on his face. “I could really use some help, though. I can’t fight this guy Nick without you guys.”
“No, I will not—“ 
Leah quickly stepped in before Zeck could finish and suggested she take Sarah and buy them all some food. Zeck agreed, but told Kenny to go with them. Kenny was more than happy to go get food. Zeck and Ryan would get a hold of Vinny to get a ride back home. When Kenny, Leah, and the Temptress had disappeared around the small pyramid, Zeck and Ryan pulled their headbands out of their backpacks. 
“I really didn’t want her to see these.” Zeck thought to Ryan. 
“I think I agree with Leah—” 
“Don’t you go rogue on me, too, Ryan.”
Zeck thought to Vinny, “Vinn...Vinny. Are you there? It’s Zeck.” There was no answer after several seconds. He waited a minute and tried again. Still no answer. He tried again after another minute.
Just then, Vinny answered. “Zeck, are you alright? I haven’t heard from you for days. I’ve been trying to contact you.”
“Vinny, boy am I glad to hear your computer-simulated voice. I’m here with Ryan.” Zeck nodded to Ryan to tell him that he had made contact. “We took a wrong turn down there, and it was a doozy. We’re back now.” Zeck told Vinny to send Ricky in a helicopter to pick them up. 
Vinny’s voice sounded in Zeck’s ears. “Good work all of you. When you get here we’ll celebrate the victory. Ricky should be there in a few hours to pick you up. Where should I tell him to put down?” 
“Tell him to land behind the Temple of the Sun…err…the big pyramid. And, Vinny, there isn’t much of a victory to celebrate yet. We only got a clue to where another door-opening rune might be.”
“You didn’t find the Sun Stones?”
“Oh, they’re down there. We just didn’t have what we needed to open the door. But Justice is shining down on us. We’ll find it.”
“Alright, Zeck. Bring Leah home safely. Thank you for watching out for her.”
“You’re always welcome, Vinny, but I tell you, she sure didn’t like being down in that maze. She slaps hard. Anyways, any good news about Leon?”
Vinny answered, “Still recovering, Zeck, but give him time.”
They ended the conversation and Zeck looked at Ryan. Ryan didn’t look like he was anxious to know what Vinny had said. As they took their headbands off, Zeck suddenly looked up at Ryan and understood why. “Did you hear all of that?” There was fear in Zeck’s voice. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Did you hear when he said ‘good job’ and said Ricky will land behind the Temple of the Sun?” 
“Yeah, why? What’s the matter, chum?” 
“Blake. What if Blake heard that?” 
“How?” Ryan asked. 
“Vinny was talking to the group. Blake still has a headband. If he heard, he’ll have the whole Brotherhood coming for us.” 
“Bloody cow. I keep forgetting that he has one still. Do you think he heard?” 
“Let’s hope Lady Justice smiles upon us. We’ll have to be ready for anything, though.” 
The rest of the group came back a while later and Zeck enjoyed some Mexican tourist food. It felt good to eat again. He didn’t care about what it was or how it tasted; he just wanted food. His body finally manifested signs of fatigue as it realized that it had been in need of nourishment. It accepted the food weakly, but quickly regenerated its strength. When the food was all gone, he wanted more. 
They took a walk around the grounds, trying to act like tourists. They still had a few hours to wait. Zeck bought more food and Kenny was right in front of him in line. Lincoln is such a baby...an old baby. Why did Vinny want him to come? He hasn’t done anything and what’s worse is he wants to take the Sun Stones for his stupid aliens. He was going to jeopardize the mission and take the Stones himself. What does Vinny see in him? Zeck kept himself turned sideways in the line to maintain visual contact on Sarah.
After seeing the pyramids, they went behind the Temple of the Sun to wait for the helicopter. Zeck leaned against the side of the pyramid and crossed his arms. He never lost sight of Sarah. Kenny closed his eyes and rested his head against the pyramid walls. Leah, Ryan, and Sarah all talked and laughed in a group together a few feet away from where Zeck was standing. Zeck stayed alert. Hopefully Ricky Ray will get here faster than Blake and the rest of the Brotherhood can. Hopefully he’ll slow time down, Zeck laughed to himself.
Zeck noticed that the Temptress wrote something on a piece of paper and gave it to Leah. She looked at Zeck, made a face, and put it in her pocket. Zeck acted disinterested and looked toward the horizon. The wind blew on Zeck’s face as he stared into the distance.
After a while, Zeck saw a helicopter approaching far away over the horizon. Teotihuacan is in a flat area, speckled with trees, and surrounded loosely by mountains. The helicopter was still a far way off when he spotted it. He tapped Kenny and pointed to the helicopter. Kenny told Ryan and Leah and soon everyone was looking towards the helicopter as it was closing in on them.
It was mid afternoon, but there were still plenty of tourists. Zeck noticed more and more tourists coming to the back of the Temple of the Sun and looking at the helicopter. It must have been pretty obvious that it was going to land near there. And it was probably a pretty big deal for them. They probably think it’s someone famous.
The sleek helicopter was a shiny ebony black with a thin white stripe down the side. Each small wing held a machine gun and one missile. Zeck realized that this was no helicopter that Ricky Ray flew. As it got close enough to see its details, Zeck saw that there was a woman in the co-pilot’s chair and Ricky Ray was not in the pilot’s chair. It was a younger man. Wait. That’s not just any younger man. That’s Blake! 
The helicopter touched down and turned off its motors. A familiar face came out of the door on the pilot’s side.
“Blake? Blake, ole chap? Is that you?” Ryan exclaimed. “Did you fly that thing? I didn’t know you could fly a heli.” 
“It flies itself.” Blake walked closer to the group.
“Don’t come closer, Enemy of Justice.” I knew it. He heard Vinny’s message.
Blake pulled out a pistol from inside his open jacket and pointed it at Zeck. Leah gasped. “Fine, I’ll stay here. Now give me the Sun Stones,” he demanded. Then he looked at Kenny and added, “And yours too, hippie.”
Zeck moved his hand toward his gun, trying to move it imperceptibly slow. He began visualizing himself in a western duel. He visualized himself grabbing his gun and without hesitation firing. He knew that if he got to his Beretta he would have no trouble firing at the traitor. He would not wait to pull the trigger. Hopefully I won’t kill him, but if that is what is required, then Justice will be served and the Avenger will serve it. He knew he would not merely point it at Blake as a threat. He visualized Blake dropping to the ground, dead. He continued moving his hand towards the gun, slowly.
“I know what you’re thinking, Zeck. Don’t go for that cool pistol of yours. I’ll shoot your hand off. And who is this lackey that you’ve picked up? She’s hot.” 
“You don’t know her, Blake?” Kenny asked. “She’s part of the Brotherhood too, traitor.” 
“I don’t work for the Brotherhood, old man. I work for someone much more powerful.”
He’s acting tough. And he’s trying to distract me.
Leah spoke, but as the words were coming out of her mouth, Zeck wanted to slap her. He would have if he didn’t have a gun pointed at him. Zeck had to let her say the words, but cringed as they met his eardrum. “We didn’t find the Stones. We found another clue. There’s like another rune that we have to find to go any further in the maze...err caves.”
Zeck decided to use the moments that Blake was looking at Leah to move his hand a few inches closer to the Beretta. Just a little more.
Ryan, to Zeck’s right, made a daring move. He took a few steps towards Blake and said, “Hey now, everybody. Blake is still our chum. Remember the banging good times we had with him? Training, Copan—twice. This doesn’t change those at all, mates.” 
Blake stepped sideways so that Ryan was in between Zeck and him. Sarah cried out as she saw the danger Ryan was now in. Zeck took the opportunity and pulled out his Beretta, aiming it through Ryan to Blake. He knew that neither would shoot Ryan, or at least he hoped. 
“Right? Zeck? This doesn’t change anything,” Ryan continued, frozen in the middle of two guns.
“I’m not here for friendship, fool. I want the Stones.”
“So you can let the Brotherhood take over the world?” Kenny asked.
“Brotherhood? I said, I don’t work for them,” Blake scoffed.
“You know, you were a lot quieter when you were with us. I think I liked you better back then,” Kenny stated. 
“Sarah,” Zeck asked without taking his gaze off Blake, “tell me you don’t know this man. Is he working for this Nick you told us about?” 
Sarah hesitated, “We work kind of independently. He might, but like I said before, I don’t know anything about him.” 
“I can’t trust any of you!” Zeck growled behind gritted teeth. 
“Zeck, she’s fine. She’s with us,” Leah retorted.
Suddenly the passenger’s side door of the helicopter swung open and a woman walked toward them pointing an assault rifle that she held with both hands at her right hip. She was tall and thin with a pale complexion and dark hair. The disinterested scowl on her face accented her rough features, but seeing Sparrow floating in the air near Kenny, her scowl broke and for just a second she let the face of a jealous brat escape before her disinterested scowl returned.
“Well?” She asked Blake.
The crowd of tourists had thinned out by now. Zeck wasn’t sure if the threats or the weapons were what scared them away, but none of them stuck around to see the action. Zeck looked at his allies. They all looked scared, but Kenny; he looked angry. Zeck couldn’t see Ryan’s face, but he was sure that Ryan was scared out of his wits. The Temptress looks just as terrified, thought Zeck. Seeing Sarah terrified brought a certain satisfaction to Zeck, but at the same time, he knew that if she was scared, he couldn’t count on her to fight back.
“I said I got this, Zorina.” 
“And what’s taking so long?” Zorina asked. She spoke with a Middle Eastern accent, but Zeck thought that most of the harshness of her voice came from her attitude. 
“They say they didn’t find the Sun Stones. Just another clue.”
“Fine.” She dropped her grip of the rifle with her left hand and adeptly swung it on to her back with the shoulder strap. She walked closer to Ryan. “Cute uniforms,” she commented mockingly. “You’re right, Brit. We should all keep being friends. This changes nothing.” Ryan relaxed his shoulders and looked at Blake. Blake glanced at the pale woman and looked back at Ryan.
Blake grabbed and spun Ryan suddenly so he was facing Zeck. He held him by the neck and pointed the gun at his head. Kenny pulled out his pistol and aimed it at Zorina as Sarah and Leah wailed. Zorina grabbed two pistols from her belt that looked like old World War II era pistols and aimed one at Zeck and one at Kenny. Blake took out a cell phone from one of his pockets and tossed it to Leah who had to crouch to catch it.
“My number is programmed into the phone. Call me when you know the next step. He comes with us until you call. If you don’t call, he doesn’t come back—alive.”
Zeck glared at Blake, and then at the pale woman, and then at Blake again. Think, Avenger. Think. They’ve got me pinned and I don’t know how the alien befriender will react. If only we were wearing the psy-gear. Then we could make a plan.
Blake began dragging Ryan closer to the open helicopter door, gun still to Ryan’s head and fear in Ryan’s eyes. Blake did not have fear in his eyes; he had liberation and hate in his eyes, as if he finally had got something off his chest. The woman backed up slowly towards her side of the helicopter. Blake shouted an order and the helicopter’s blades slowly started turning. Blake stripped Ryan of his backpack and threw it towards Zeck. It landed with a quiet thud, but while it was still in the air Zeck told himself that that second was the time to act. He lurched forward, finger about to pull the trigger, but suddenly a shot was fired to his right.
The shot completely caught Zeck off guard. Everyone else jumped too. He never would have thought that Sarah would be the one to react faster than he. Looking towards her in amazement, he realized that it was not she that fired the shot; it came from the distant trees. Another shot was fired. Zeck crouched quickly as if to dodge the bullet and snagged Ryan’s backpack. The police? he wondered. Looking up, he didn’t take his eyes off Blake, but he saw Blake turn his head to where the shot was fired. A sudden shock flashed on Blake’s face and he quickly pulled Ryan up into the helicopter. Instead of firing, Zeck decided to turn and look.
“Nanos!” It was the Brotherhood. This is the worst possible time! Two jeeps came weaving towards them through the trees with nanos standing in the back. They were pointing guns towards the helicopter from the quick glimpses that he saw. They fired again and again. He turned and saw Zorina recoil back into the helicopter and Blake shut the door. The shooting must have been a scare tactic, Zeck thought, because to get a clear shot weaving through the trees like that would be pretty hard.
Zeck stopped aiming at Blake and yelled, “Run for the front of the pyramid.” He had to yell to be heard over the sound of the helicopter blades that were spinning at full speed now. The skids began leaving the ground and shots were still being fired from the Brotherhood, but none hit the helicopter. 
“What about Ryan?” Sarah yelled. “They’re getting away!”
“It’s too late. We’ll find him.” Zeck paused and looked at Leah. “Don’t lose that cell phone. Let’s get out of here.” 
They ran around the corner of the pyramid. Leah was going to stop to wait for Sarah, who was staring up at the helicopter, but Zeck grabbed her and pulled her along. 
“Don’t stop!” 
“What about Sarah?” 
“She’s with them; she’ll be fine. They’ll kill us. We’re out numbered.” They were still yelling over the sound of the helicopter which was now 30 feet above their heads and turning to leave. The shots had ceased and the jeeps were getting closer. Leah resisted Zeck and crouched at the corner of the pyramid, peaking around the corner to see the Brotherhood. 
Zeck pulled her arm, but she swung at him with the other fist. Quick memories of Leah attacking Zeck in the dark caves flashed in Zeck’s mind and he remembered her crazed rampage. He stopped struggling with her, but kept a firm grip on her arm. It was a horribly pleasant moment; horrible because of everything else going on, but pleasant because he was holding her arm. The tourists were in an uproar, jeeps full of nanos were right around the corner, and Zeck’s heart was beating so loud that he could barely hear anything. But there was a strange warmth and calm flowing from his right hand. 
Leah jumped to her feet and made a break to run to Sarah. Zeck pulled hard on her arm and held her back. She recoiled in pain. They must have seen her because two shots were fired towards them. She squirmed to get loose, but Zeck pulled her tight to his chest and started dragging her backward toward the other corner of the pyramid. 
“They hit her. I gotta go help her. Let me go! Jerk! They handcuffed her and threw her into the jeep like a prisoner. Let me go! Zeck!” 
Zeck was almost to the end of the pyramid when he heard the jeeps peel out in the dirt and drive away. After several seconds, he was able to sigh in relief and reluctantly relax his grip on Leah.




Chapter 22

The trip back to Zarahemla headquarters was almost silent. Leah tried to sit as far away from Zeck as possible and she wouldn’t look at Kenny either. Leah wore a permanent death-stare towards Zeck. Zeck tried his best to ignore her—looking out the window and down at the floor—but the awkward feeling was felt heavily in the small helicopter.
They first had to explain to Ricky Ray why Ryan wasn’t coming back with them. 
“Another one bites the dust, I guess,” he quipped. Ricky Ray wanted to hear the whole story about the caves under the pyramids, but was very disappointed when no one wanted to talk about it.  
Kenny had a mix of feelings and tried to sort them out, but there was one feeling that overpowered the rest. It ripped at his soul and tore and his heart. The gnawing of that feeling drowned out the loud sound of the helicopter rotors and Ricky Ray’s counting. It was the feeling that he was further away from Amy than ever before. And the one thing he had held on to from her, had just disintegrated into a cloud of dust. His one hope for finding her now meant nothing. And he was alone. 
Out of the cloud of despair and depression, he suddenly thought of Ryan and only felt more guilty and depressed. Poor guy. A gun to his head. Betrayed by a friend. Separated from a new love interest. I hope he’s alright. 
Thinking of Sarah, Kenny decided he didn’t know what to think of her. She didn’t try to run away from the Brotherhood, but she seemed so nice. She seemed like someone that did not want to get mixed up in the affairs of greedy treasure hunters. Yet it was possible that an innocent, attractive girl like her could be being used by evil men in an ancient war. 
And that scoundrel Blake. I should have shot him myself. No, I didn’t have a clear shot and then I hesitated. He seemed like a good guy—he turned out to be a good actor. When we get Ryan back, he and that Zorina will pay. And whoever he’s working for, too. 
After a helicopter and a plane, they got into their car. They had been driving for only a few minutes when Kenny’s cell phone vibrated. It was a text message from his son: “Hey dad hadnt heard from u in a while call me when you can l8r.” 
Kenny looked up at the other two. He was thinking of asking if they cared that he make a call. Leah was in the back seat with Kenny, but she was staring out the window with an obvious scowl on her face. Zeck, driving, wasn’t even interested in looking for a good radio station. He did not move. Kenny shrugged, deciding that neither would care, and started dialing. 
Bulldog answered, “Hawk! Sup?” 
“Hey, Bulldog. How are things there? Did you find a new place yet?” 
“Yeah, we’re rocking a double-wide for now. Not much room here at all, dude. What about you? If you’ve done any more traveling, you seriously have to let me come with you.” 
“We’ve definitely been around.” 
“Dude, where’d you all go? Egypt? Dad, seriously, you seriously gotta let me come with you!” 
“Son, we almost died—more than once. There is no way I’m letting you come with me.” 
“Cool! I’m totally going to check out Sparrow’s feed. Did you get the Stone back? Did you find the other ones? Are you coming home? You’re totally not sharing my room. You can go with Mantis, dawg.” 
“I don’t know, Bulldog. I have to do some meditating. The battery is going to die. I’ll call you later.” 
“You and that meditating again. Alright, old man. Keep me posted. Later.” 
Kenny shut his phone. He noticed Leah’s confused look, complete with raised eyebrow. “What?” He asked. She shook her head and looked back out the window. 
When they arrived back at the small warehouse, Kenny oddly felt it was home. He noticed the businesses and people that were around. The warehouse was inconspicuously tucked in an industrial park at the outskirts of a desert city. They probably had no idea what was going on inside. People saw that there were very few cars parked in the lot and probably thought of it as a failing business. They had no idea that this quaint garage had secretly been made the headquarters of freedom for the world.
Vinny wore a big, bright smile when he saw that Leah was alright, until she showed him her arm. She gladly placed the blame on Zeck. Vinny must have known his daughter and ignored her claims.
He had a hundred questions. They tried to describe the maze and the amazing inner room. Kenny was too busy eating to give much detail and Leah was still steaming. Zeck told everything that had happened. He told about Blake and Ryan and Sarah. He spoke as if he were reporting to a superior officer. Leah added her two cents every few sentences. Kenny tried to defend Zeck, but Leah would shoot Kenny cold stares whenever he spoke up.
“It seems that what we called the super-soldiers, the Brotherhood calls nano-soldiers or nanos. They were injected with nano-sized robots that heal them and give them bursts of strength and energy.”
“And how did we find that out?” Leah interjected. “Sarah told us. She gave us the Brotherhood’s secrets.”
Ignoring Leah, Zeck finished his report and started his food which was probably cold by now. They were sitting in the small cafeteria. It was the typical warehouse cafeteria. The microwave was greasy with old food melted to it on the inside. The refrigerator was empty except the box of week old pizza with one half-eaten slice inside and an open can of Coke on the shelf below. A vending machine along the wall proclaimed on a handwritten note that it was out of order and the one beside it was almost empty.
In between bites Zeck accused Leah, “What was that note that the Temptress gave you?”
“Proof that I’m right.”
“What do you mean, darling? What note?” Vinny asked.
Leah leaned closer to her dad with an accusing look and whispered, “Daddy, don’t call me that in front of people.” Vinny smiled, but said nothing. She sat back in her chair and started pulling out the note. “This, Zeck, is the address of her boss. The one that is like blackmailing her. See? I was right. She is good.” 
“Could be fake,” Zeck casually stated. 
“Oh shut up. And not only that: she said it’s the headquarters of the whole Gadianton Brotherhood.” 
“Now calm down, Leah. He does have a point. It’s possible. But,” he paused, “we are going to assume that it isn’t a fake, Zeck.” Vinny played referee. “The woman does have a motive. Leah believes her and we trust Leah. So what do we do with the address?” 
Kenny said, “We should go there and stop the Brotherhood once and for all. It will be easy. They’re not expecting us. One explosion and they’re all gone. Bam. That way we have all the time we need to figure out this clue and find the Sun Stones.” 
“It sounds too easy,” Zeck squinted as his voice trailed off. 
“It would be. And all our problems would be gone,” Kenny urged. “Except Ryan.” 
“No. Sarah might be there. We can’t just blow her up.” 
“Well, any other form of attack would be suicide so forget about it then.” Kenny paused. “We go save Ryan,” he decided.
Leah blurted, “We don’t even know where Blake has him.” 
“Um, actually we do,” Kenny said waving his finger in the air. 
“How?” Vinny and Zeck asked in unison. 
“Before they got in the helicopter I had Sparrow get in back with them.” 
“Good thinking, Kenny.” Vinny smiled. 
“Uh, but what if they like find him, you know? They’ll prob’ly destroy him.” 
“It is pretty good at hiding. So there’s a pretty good chance we’ll be able to track Blake and Ryan.” 
“Not bad, harbinger. I’m impressed. That’s probably the first thing you’ve done right.” 
“You said that when I found the door in the maze.” 
“No I didn’t,” Zeck argued. 
“And when I—“ 
“OK, I believe you. Shut up.” Zeck put his hand up and looked down at his food. 
“So we know where Ryan is,” Vinny tried to direct the conversation. 
“We have less chance of success attacking their headquarters than the Brotherhood’s. We don’t have any idea who they are, and we have no way of knowing what they have. That woman seemed pretty well armed for just a vigilante,” Zeck explained. “We would probably have a better chance by drawing them out and then striking.” 
“You’re right, Zeck. How would we do that?” Vinny asked. 
“I think we’re missing the whole point of our mission: find the Sun Stones. We should figure out the clue and go get the rune so we can get the Stones,” Kenny interrupted. 
Zeck scowled, but kept eating.
“You’re right, Kenny,” Vinny said. “We’ll figure out the clue and have Blake meet us there with Ryan. It will be much easier to confront them there.” 
“What about Sarah? We can’t just leave her there. We need to help her.” Leah was impatient.
“We need to get Ryan,” Zeck corrected
“We need to find the Stones,” Kenny corrected.
They all stared at each other and Vinny. No one talked, but they kept looking at each other. Kenny thought it seemed like a game of mental chess. Just like trying to position your pieces for the perfect strike, each was trying to position his or her argument in the right spaces in the mind of the others and wait for the right moment to unleash the strategy that would convince everyone that he or she was right. 
Stalemate. 
Zeck had finished eating and got up to throw away his garbage. Everyone else followed. As they walked through the halls, Vinny explained he had some good news. “Next time you go out on a mission you’ll need to change your psy-gear for new ones that the guys in R&D developed. They made some useful improvements. First, it’s all wireless, so there’s no wire from the headband to the transmitter. And second, for short distances it uses radio waves instead of the Internet.” 
“Which means...?” Zeck asked. 
“Which means that you’ll be able to talk to each other underground with the psy-gear. You won’t be able to talk to me still, but maybe we’ll get that in the future,” Vinny said. 
“That’s great,” Zeck said. “I can’t wait to use it.” 
Kenny added, “That would have been great a few days ago. Who are these R&D guys that you talk about? I don’t see anyone around here.” 
“Ah, Kenny. I may not look it, but I am a successful businessman. Leveraging that capital I’ve made some deals with investors and companies. In the case of the psy-gear, there is a company out of San Francisco that is the one that is doing the ‘R’ and the ‘D’ on the psy-gear.” 
They entered a conference room and when they had sat down in the old, tattered, comfortable executive chairs, Leah leaned over towards Kenny. “What about your friends at the GAFF?” 
“What about them?” Kenny wondered. 
“Well, couldn’t they help us?” 
“Help us? Do what?” 
“Well, they want revenge on the Brotherhood, ya know?” Leah leaned back. “Maybe they could go blow up the building or something,” she suggested. 
“But I thought you—“ 
“After they rescue Sarah, of course.” 
“After. Of course,” Kenny mused. 
Vinny rested his elbows on the table and clasped his hands below his chin. “They do have experience with explosives, Kenny.” 
Zeck summarized, “So Leah, you’re saying that our alien worshipping buddies go in, blow up Brotherhood HQ—“ 
“—rescue Sarah first.” 
“Right. Rescue the Temptress, blow up the Brotherhood. That gets rid of our arch-nemesis. Meanwhile we’re rescuing Ryan and finding the Sun Stones. It’s a plan.” 
“Hold on, Zeck.” Vinny cautioned. “If we’re successful with this attack on their headquarters—“ 
“When,” Kenny interrupted. “My men will get the job done.” 
“When we’re successful with this attack. The Brotherhood isn’t going to just roll over and die. I’m sure they don’t have everyone in that building. It will only be a matter of time before they rebuild and—just like when you attack a hornet’s nest—come after us with all the fury of the Gadianton Brotherhood. What I’m saying is this will only hurt them temporarily.” 
“But it will be a huge victory for the Friends of Zarahemla.” 
Vinny nodded slowly and then consented to the plan. 
“Yes!” Leah shouted. “I’ll start figuring out the clue. I’m going to go see Leon, Daddy. Can I borrow your laptop?”

***

Kenny stayed in the room thinking after both Vinny and Zeck had left. He was still being haunted by the truth he had learned in the inner room of the maze under Teotihuacan. Fear and anguish surged through his veins. His head started aching, almost equaling the pain in his heart. A tear appeared in the corner of his eye, but as Vinny walked in it was sucked back into the recesses of his heart. 
“You looked troubled, Kenny,” he said kindly. 
Kenny looked into Vinny’s eyes. He was not mad at him, but could not find the words to say. He wanted to explain his situation, but nothing came out. 
“You—we—learned the origin of the Sun Stones...and you are disappointed, disillusioned.” 
Kenny nodded his head slowly, his gaze wandering aimlessly around the room. 
“Kenny, I haven’t told you something. Years ago my father knew Mantis. It was he who taught Mantis about the Grays. My father had one of the Sun Stones, but because of his fear of the Brotherhood, he wanted to hide it. He told Mantis that the Stone was from the Grays so that it would be safe. He lied, Kenny. He lied to him. And I am sorry for any pain that has caused you. Now I don’t know if the Grays really exist or not. If it means anything to you, they probably do exist. But as you have learned, the Sun Stones are not from the Grays. I’m sorry.” 
Kenny continued in silence. Vinny moved in his chair to stand up, but Kenny spoke softly: “I should just go home, then.” 
“Why would you do that?” 
“I have no reason left to find the Stones. Why should I care about them anymore?” 
Vinny moved back into his previous position in the chair. “Amy. You still need to find her.” 
Kenny said nothing. 
“Don’t forget her tattoo, Kenny. I still think that this whole thing—the Brotherhood, the Sun Stones, her tattoo—have something to do with each other. Stay with us a little longer. Help us get the Stones from The Temple of the Sun. If you don’t find anything, you can go back.”
“Is there anything else you’re not telling me, Vinny?”
“I feel like I’ve ruined your life enough for one day, Kenny. Even if there were more to tell you, I don’t know if I could do it right now.”
There was a long silence.
Kenny sighed. “Alright. Alright, Vinny. I’ll help you find the Sun Stones, but—“ 
“I promise you, Kenny, that I will do whatever I can to help you find Amy. I know what it’s like to lose someone close to you.” 
Kenny studied Vinny with a confused, unbelieving face. After several seconds, Kenny smiled warmly. He got up and shook Vinny’s hand. “You know, I knew you looked familiar. Mantis has pictures of you in his room...or at least he had one before it was burned down.”




Chapter 23

Mantis stepped out of the van into the alley. Nine other dark figures followed him. Hiding in the alley, Mantis watched as Wolf shot out the street lights around the area with his silenced rifle. The street their target was on became pitch black one light at a time. After Wolf finished, he looked up at Mantis from his crouched position and nodded.
“Eagle, recon,” Mantis ordered.
Eagle and two other men ran, hunched over, toward the street. In just a few minutes they called over the radio. “Is it supposed to be someone’s house?” 
Bulldog, who had the radio in hand, looked to Mantis for confirmation. Mantis shrugged. “Seems like it,” Bulldog answered. 
“We’re not going to need very many explosives,” came Eagle’s reply. 
“Roger that,” Bulldog responded. 
Mantis looked at the group. “Alright, change of plans,” he said. “You five keep your distance.” And as an after-thought he added, “But keep your eyes open.” 
They stealthily made their way to Eagle and his team who were waiting in a park behind trees across the street from the target house. It was a dark night and it had recently rained; clouds still rolled overhead, covering the moon. The streets were still wet and occasional cars splashed through puddles.  The smell of rain was still in the air.  Mantis got them all together. “Alright, Eagle, Wolf, Bulldog, and I are going in. Don’t shoot unless you have to.” 
“But we’re just going to blow them up anyway,” Bulldog said. “What’s a few bullet holes before the kablewie?” 
“It’s not that I don’t want to harm these freaks, Bulldog. Bullets are loud.” 
“That’s why I’ve got a silencer—“ 
“Bulldog. No shooting.” Bulldog slowly nodded his head. “Alright.” 
Wolf interrupted, “Isn’t it weird that it’s someone’s house?” 
“This is the address Hawk gave us,” Eagle said. “He confirmed it twice.” 
Mantis nodded. “Now Bear, you stay right outside the building, but stay hidden. You other five keep your distance. Here looks like a good hiding spot. We’ll meet at the van.”
Walking towards the house, Mantis realized the house was more like a small mansion. It was made of large, white, marble bricks and its roman columns in the front felt warm and welcoming. No windows were lighted except one on the second floor towards the back. There was one car in the driveway: a Mercedes-Benz. 
Bear hid in the shadows while the other four split up. Mantis and Wolf went right and Eagle with Bulldog went left. Before they had split up, Mantis warned Bulldog that their first priority was to find Sarah. After her safety was confirmed, then they would arm the explosives. 
Wolf quietly cut a whole in the glass of the window and sticking his hand through, unlocked and then opened it. They both jumped through with little noise. No lights were on, so they waited for their eyes to adjust. Before Mantis’ eyes were used to the dark, they heard smashing glass and loud footsteps in another room. 
“Bulldog is going to get us killed,” Wolf whispered. 
“He’s worse than his dad,” Mantis agreed. 
Mantis realized they were in a library. They did a cursory search for a stairway to the basement. Finding nothing, they left the room and walked into the hallway. The door right next to the library was locked. Mantis put his ear to the door, jiggled the handle, and waited. He didn’t hear anything from inside. 
Just then, Bulldog and Eagle came bounding into the hallway. The light from their flashlights flew all over the walls and floor. Bulldog realized that the door was locked, pulled out his silenced pistol and motion to Mantis, offering to shoot it open. 
Mantis angrily shook his head and held out his hand to stop him. He nodded to Wolf who bent down and in mere seconds had picked the lock. The door creaked open slightly. 
Bulldog shrugged and put his gun away. 
“You guys go up stairs. There was a light up there, so be careful. We’ll check here and look for a basement. Find Sarah.” Mantis turned towards the door and listened as Bulldog and Eagle crept up the stairs. He nodded to Wolf who opened the door slowly, quietly. 
The room was an office. The main desk in the center had two flat screen computer monitors side by side in the middle. There were no chairs in the small room, but two tall bookshelves covered all but a small corner of the wall behind the computer monitors. Looking closer, Mantis saw a door with a padlock in that corner. Wolf was already walking towards the door and soon had the lock picked. 
Mantis turned a flashlight on and saw that the door swung over a small flight of wooden stairs. It was a basement. They slowly creaked their way down the stairs, flashlights scanning the area. At every corner that his light reached, Mantis expected to see the curled-up body of a captive, tied-up, and gagged woman. At each corner he was relieved to see nothing. It was just a wine cellar. Wine shelves lined all the walls and from what Mantis saw, it was too small of a room to hide someone out of plain sight. 
Eagle suddenly said over the radio, “You’d better come up here, Mantis. Don’t worry about being quiet, there’s only one person here. Come to the last room on the right down the first hallway on the left.” 
“We’ll be up there soon,” Wolf returned. 
“What now?” Mantis asked as he shook his head and started climbing the stairs. They silently made their way up the stairs without flashlights on. Coming to the first hallway on the left, they turned and walked straight down a luxurious hallway. Mantis wondered how many people were in this organization as he passed room after room. At the last room on the right—the only light in the hallway—Mantis paused, exhaled, and then entered.
To his left, Mantis saw Bulldog with his arm around a man’s neck. Bulldog had a knife blade to the poor man’s throat and held his other hands behind his back. Eagle, standing with his back to Mantis and Wolf, was in front of the man with a gun at his side in his left hand. Eagle turned to look at Mantis and Wolf as they entered.
“He says he’s the only one here and—”
“Mantis?” The man was barely able to mutter.
Mantis did a double-take and exclaimed, “Spider?! Spider!”
Bulldog asked, “You know this guy? And he’s got one of our names?”
Mantis nodded and asked, “What are you doing here? Do you work for these guys?”
Mantis motioned for Bulldog to let go of Spider. Bulldog slowly took the blade away from Spider’s neck and then dropped that arm. He was going to hold Spider’s arms behind his back, but Mantis glared at him. Bulldog let go of Spider and walked slowly around to his left.
“Mantis—no, I ... what are you doing here?” Spider asked.
“Is Sarah here?” 
“No. She’s—wait. Who?”
“Where is she?” Bulldog menaced.
“I’m the only one here. I don’t know who that is.”
“We have to get you out of here.” Mantis motioned to the other three to get the explosives ready. Bulldog clapped his hands together and began rubbing them together while licking his lips as he walked out of the room with the other three.
“Sorry, that’s Hawk’s son,” Mantis said.
“Ah yes, I remember. That explains the enthusiasm and recklessness. You know, I thought we agreed that I was going to go to you for lunch.”
Mantis laughed and shrugged. “What can I say? I was excited to see you.” Mantis smiled, but continued seriously. “How do you know these people?” 
“The Stones. Remember? I-I...was studying with them to learn more about the Grays’ Stones. These people know a lot about them. What are—wait are you guys going to—”
“These are those people? We need to get out of here before they come back. These are dangerous people.” Mantis started walking out the door and motioned with his head for Spider to follow him. Spider grabbed his laptop and a few other personal affects and followed.
“Brandon, they didn’t seem like bad people to me and I don’t think I’m that blind. We probably don’t need to blow the place.” 
“Nick, they burnt our house to the ground, killed our men, and have now blackmailed and used an innocent girl.”
“How did you know they were here?”
“That woman we are looking for, Sarah, gave Hawk the address to their headquarters. It’s not exactly what we were expecting, but...”
“Sarah, huh? Still doesn’t ring any bells. But, Brandon, don’t the Grays teach that we need to be good to each other. I-I mean we don’t need to retaliate in such a manner,” Spider reasoned.
“No, Spider, this evil needs to be stopped.” He turned again to leave and after a few steps turned his head to look at Spider. He looked into his eyes and said, “I don’t think these are the people that you want to learn from. Come on.”
“I-uh,” Spider hesitated. “Okay, let’s go. But I’m taking my car.” 
Walking down the stairs, Mantis saw the flashlights in the hallway. Wolf reported that the explosives were set and handed Mantis the detonator.
Mantis offered Spider to come with them back to their house in the desert, but he said he would understand if Spider just wanted to go back to his own house.
Spider said that he had been planning to go out West anyway and that there would be no better time than now.
Bulldog mused, “They’re going to flip. We were supposed to come back with a hot chic and instead we bagged him.”
Arriving back in the alley, Mantis got out of Spider’s car and regrouped with the GAFF members. He briefed them on what happened and who Spider was. “Now it’s time for revenge,” he ended. Mantis took out the detonator and turned it over in his hand, examining it. He noticed its small size and thought of the great power that it held.
“Wait. Are you sure we need to do this?” insisted Spider.
Everyone nodded emphatically.
“This is for our house!” Mantis raged. Revenge surged through his veins like a dam being broken. His heart began beating heavily in his chest. The revenge extended down his arm and by the time it reached his hand it had become hatred. Hatred surged through his fingers and his fingers smashed down the button.




Chapter 24

Sarah looked around at her jail cell. It wasn’t a cell at all. It was a janitor’s closet. She was sitting on an ugly, yellow upside-down bucket that she had attempted to clean enough to sit on. There was some rank smell coming from a bucket in the corner near the door. The floor was wet with dirty mop water that someone must have spilled and left there; the mop bucket was still on its side and the mop was nowhere to be found. 
A fly circled her head annoyingly. She swatted at it with her handcuffed hands, but was unsuccessful. It kept flying around her mockingly. She moved her head wildly to stop it from landing on her. Feeling dizzy and weak, she stopped. 
She had spent the last three days in the handcuffs; two of the previous nights were in filthy hotels locked in tiny rooms with nanos guarding her every move. Her white glove, which was now an ugly shade of dirt, had protected her left wrist from the irritation of the handcuffs, but her right wrist was raw and ached with every movement. 
She had spent the night before sitting on the yellow bucket and had not eaten anything more than a chicken drumstick since being at the Temple of the Sun.
The fly continued buzzing around her head. She tried to ignore it, but losing her patience she swatted again fiercely and missed. Sarah groaned and slouched forward. 
“Stupid fly. They sent you in here, didn’t they?” She swatted again with her cuffed hands and the fly left her alone. 
“I still don’t know why I’m here. You haven’t told me anything! And these jail conditions are inhumane!” She yelled, hoping that someone was out there listening. 
I bet this was Nick. If he has anything to do with this, I’ll kill him. I’ll rip him apart. Ah, but hopefully I won’t have to. Hopefully Leah will be smart and use his address. I hope that freak Zeck puts a bullet to Nick’s slimy head. 
She suddenly remembered Ryan and her heart sank. She had no idea who the people were that took him. “I hope he’s alright,” she whispered out loud. She never had time to ask Leah about who that man and woman were that took Ryan. Before she knew it the helicopter was flying Ryan away and the nanos were slapping handcuffs on her wrists and carting her away. 
She scoffed to herself, thinking about how the nanos wouldn’t tell her anything. They hardly ever spoke. All they did say was that she was going to be on trial by the counsel and that they were just following orders. Each one said the same thing, like robots. 
“Stupid robots,” she said loudly. “Trial? Trial for what?” It has to be Nick. Only he knew I was going. They must have found out. But wouldn’t they put him on trial and not me? He told me to go. Sarah suddenly realized why she was being held captive. Her blood stopped in her veins and her breath was cut short as the realization took affect. He set me up. That ball of slime! He told them I went without authorization. If Leah doesn’t kill him, I will. 
Just then she heard footsteps nearing the room. It was one person. He stopped just outside her door. She heard no voices, but heard keys pass from the guards outside her door to the person that approached. The keys jiggled in the lock and the door was opened. She saw another nano standing in the doorway. 
“Come,” it said. 
One word?, Sarah thought. That’s all I get? 
Entering the room where the trial would take place, Sarah’s heart beat faster and faster. The words of Nick’s speech went through her head like a broken record: “Everyone dies but not everyone lives. Everyone dies but not everyone lives.” This was her defining moment. If she wanted to live her life, she must do it now.
She saw six men from obviously different races sitting around a long, rectangular table and one woman in the corner near the far end of the table with a laptop on her lap. Five men lined the sides of the table and one man sat at the head of the table farthest from her. There was one empty seat along the left side of the table. The man next to the empty seat was a large, kind-looking, Hispanic man who looked at Sarah with a slight smile. The rest had no expressions on their faces or were looking down at papers on the table. 
Sarah was ushered to the near end of the table and the door was closed behind her. There was no chair, so Sarah stood. Remembering all she had been through since the last time she had showered—the dirty cave, the inhumane trip home—she began feeling very embarrassed. Her ripped jeans, unkempt hair, and dirt-covered face felt like targets at an archery competition compared to the fine dress of the men that lined the table. Complete with handcuffs, she felt like a zoo animal that was brought in to be slaughtered. 
The man on the far side of the table stood up without a smile. He introduced himself as the President of the Counsel and briefly explained that the men lining the table were to be her judges. But then he said something unexpected: “Miss Drews, this seems to be your lucky day. Your main accuser and the only one with any evidence against you has gone missing.” He motioned to the empty chair. The woman in the corner typed furiously at the keyboard as the President spoke.
“Nick. I’m talking about Nick Malnick, your up-line.” 
Sarah nodded and felt that some good news was coming. She held back a smile and tried to look worried. 
“He hasn’t answered his cell phone, his home phone is disconnected, the security feeds are only static, and the news is reporting an explosion near there.” The President sat down, put his elbows on the desk, and leaned on his hands. “We’re kind of at a loss and so this may prove to be an irregular trial.”
Sarah timidly asked for permission to speak. All the men around the table laughed. The President motioned with his head and hand for her to speak. 
She began timidly, “It was Zarahemla.” 
“Of course it was Zarahemla, woman,” one of the men on the right side of the table retorted.
The woman at the laptop continued typing everything that was said.
Sarah felt her face get red. “I mean—I know where they are headed next.”
“What you fail to understand, Miss Drews, is that the group you met at the Temple of the Sun is just a small part of Zarahemla,” the same man mocked. “We don’t think they are even connected with the real Zarahemla.”
“What?” Sarah asked.
“Fallon,” the President warned. “Let’s not get into that. She is on trial. Now Miss Drews what do you have to say for yourself being found in Mayor Elvir’s continent? And how do you respond to being charged with stealing two nanos for your own personal gallivanting in those caves?” The president spoke with fervor, but not anger.
“I was on a mission under orders from Nick. He probably told you that it was my idea, but he sent me there.”
“You have no proof,” an African man wearing tribal garb contested. Others nodded their heads. “She has no proof, President.”
Sarah had to think quickly. Just then she remembered the nanos and the thing with the lasers that made the green grass and mountains. “Sir, is there a record of all transmissions?”
The President stared at Sarah for a moment. “Why? What do you need?”
“Nick sent me there with something he called a...an area scanner, that’s it. It shot out lasers and then I put on these special glasses.” Sarah gestured with her cuffed hands. “There was this grassy hill and mountains and a fake wind.”
“She’s wasting our time,” Fallon said.
“Wait. Nick appeared all of a sudden and gave me instructions. If you can pull up that transmission, you’ll see that he sent me.”
The President thought for a moment nodding. He leaned over to the woman typing. “Ruth, can you locate that for us? It would have been a week ago?”
“Six days,” Sarah blurted out.
Ruth took several minutes locating the transmission, and then she put the computer on the desk, turned up the volume, and flipped it around so everyone could watch. Everyone heard as Nick gave orders to Sarah to search the caves. Sarah smiled. How’s that for proof?, she thought. Now get me out of these cuffs, give me some food, and let me take a shower. 
After the video clip had finished, everyone turned towards Sarah. The President nodded and looked at the men lining the table. He looked at Sarah with something that resembled a small smile. “It seems we have wronged you. You are dismissed of all your charges.”
You that mocked me will pay, especially Tribal Garb Man and Fallon. And you, dear President, I will have your job.
Sarah exhaled loudly. Suddenly she felt light-headed and saw the room going black. It only happened for a moment and then she felt fine, and was smiling. The nanos were called in and her handcuffs were removed. Tenderly she felt her wrists and began feeling light-headed again, but she enjoyed the freedom. 
Not knowing if she should just leave or if there was more to be said, she turned towards the door and awkwardly took a step.
The President stood up. “Before you go, Sarah.” He paused. “There seems to be a temporary vacancy on the Board.” All the men lining the table turned to stare at the President. The African man shook his head silently. “We invite you to take Nick’s place for the time being.”
Fallon stood up, “But Sir—“
“Miss Drews is the only of Nick’s agents with some real experience, and she does know some things about this faction of Zarahemla’s intentions. My decision is final. And besides, I said for the time being. Mayor Elvir, I want you to be in charge of getting her a weapon and pair of the new HUD glasses. She’ll be needing them. Also, I want you to help her find who made the attack on Nick. If its Zarahemla, I want to know how they knew about him; if it’s not then I want to know who they are and how they know about us. There will be no mercy.” The Hispanic man nodded and began writing down the President’s instructions. The President continued, “Now Sarah, please sit down. We would like to hear the information you have gathered about Zarahemla.”
“If it’s okay, Sir, I’d like to eat something first.”

***

Sarah sat at her new desk later that evening. She had showered and finally filled her stomach. A smile easily came to her face as she thought of the events of that day. Wiping her glove clean, she thought about Nick. I think I feel bad—a little. Maybe killing him wasn’t the best response. I should have just had him locked up or thrown in the desert or something. He did try to blame me, though. He was going to have me hanged or shot or however they kill people in the Brotherhood. Nah, who am I kidding? He deserved it. I don’t feel bad at all. I would have done it myself, given the chance. He was a slimy snake that needed to be put down. The world is a better place without Nick Malnick. 
She leaned back in her chair and propped her feet up on the desk. Her smile grew. “And Leah, my dear, you are my next task. You and I will destroy Zarahemla and become the rulers of the Brotherhood. And with the Sun Stones—“ 
There was a knock on the door. Sarah put her feet down and sat up in her chair. “Who is it?” 
“It is I, Mayor Elvir.” 
“Come in.” 
The door opened and the pudgy Hispanic man in a light blue, button-down shirt, purple tie, and black slacks peered into the room. He spoke through his growing beard. “Do you have a minute?” 
Sarah nodded. 
“Come. Take a walk with me.”
Sarah hesitated, but got to her feet and walked out the door. The man gestured for her to walk next to him. He walked slowly, but not on purpose; his was a slow gait. He was carrying a small hand bag by a strap over his shoulder from which he produced a stainless steel handgun. Sarah recognized it’s brand immediately: it was a Taurus 9mm. “This is from the President,” he said. Sarah took it and put it in her belt in the back. The Mayor also pulled out a pair of thick, ugly glasses with thick, very dark lenses. She assumed they were the same as the ones she had used in the caves.
“These are not sunglasses, Miss Drews, and they are not the same as you have been using before. You can’t see anything with them. The lenses are made of obsidian and allow you to look directly at the Sun Stones, just like the others, but they have one thing that the others do not. We call them HUD glasses. They connect wirelessly to the Internet at any Wi-Fi hotspot. There’s a Linux-based OS loaded onto them that’s activated by voice commands.” 
“What does that mean? Linux?” 
“Basically it’s a whole computer; word processor, web browser, im. The screen is formatted perfectly for your eyes. If you use them in McDonald’s though, you’ll get a lot of strange looks. But you probably get a lot of looks anyways, from men.” 
Sarah felt awkward and uncomfortable at Mayor Elvir’s confession. She knew that the middle-aged man had no bad intentions with what he said, but it was said as if hinting towards a conversation that he had had with someone else. She blushed slightly and turned away. 
Mayor Elvir continued, “The best time to use them is when you are near the nanos. They are like a hotspot. The glasses pick up on their wireless signal and umm, the nanos won’t look at you funny.” 
Sarah took them and rolled them over in her hands a few times. She spread the ear supports, held them up at eye level and peered through them. She saw nothing, just like the other glasses. Mayor Elvir showed her where the small power button was. Sarah nodded and then folded the glasses and put them into her pocket.
Sarah asked whimsically, “Did you happen to hear about another agent that was with me in the Temple of the Sun, Starsky? Did he ever report back?”
“Nick would know, if we could find him. I have heard nothing of this Starsky. Now Sarah, about your plans to go back and follow this idea you have of the Resting Place—“ 
Sarah stopped walking and turned to Mayor Elvir. “They’re there. I know it. You saw the metal book I brought back. None of you knew about those things.” 
“That’s all well and good, but we have other, more promising leads.” 
“Look, even if they aren’t down there, Zarahemla—or this spinoff of Zarahemla—is going there. We can stop them and have one less headache. And what if they really are down there and Zarahemla finds them because we didn’t think it was logical enough? Besides, Leah will be there. I want her as my agent. We need her on our side. Imagine it. Someone that was working for Zarahemla, now working for the Brotherhood.” 
Mayor Elvir slowly nodded, rubbing his beard with his right hand. He sighed. “You are right. That’s why the President allowed it.” He paused briefly. “I will go with you.” 
Sarah smiled and flirted with her eyes. “Thank you, Mayor. You’re help is very welcome. Why don’t you have your men ready and when I give the word, meet me at Teotihuacan? It may be a few days.” 
“We await your command, Miss Drews. I will be there myself.”




Chapter 25

“Are you sure this guy lives here?” Kenny asked.
“Who cares?” Leah fumed. 
“You’re just mad because they didn’t rescue Sarah—“ Zeck said. 
“Duh! Genius.” 
“Well we’ve got a mission to focus on, so is this the right house?” Zeck demanded. 
“Dude, all I know is it’s what my dad said the guy told him: the one with the green fence two blocks from the church on the plaza.” 
“And you speak Spanish, right, Leah?” Zeck asked. 
“No. But I’m good at charades,” Leah said almost under her breath. 
“Great,” Kenny thought out loud. 
“And you’re sure the rune is going to be here?” Zeck questioned. 
“Hey, this one is Leon. He guessed it would be here,” Leah said. “Any more stupid questions?” 
“He guessed?” Kenny asked. 
“Well, whatever. He thought. Geez.” 
They opened the creaky, crooked fence door and walked towards the house. It seemed as if it were going to fall at any moment. Many of the roof’s tiles were missing and the house’s foundation had deteriorated in some places. Bright blue paint that used to cover the house was now half peeled off. There were two sticks holding up a tarp that acted as a porch roof in front of the door. Before they got to the door it flung open and a hunched-over, dark-skinned old man, smiling brightly, came charging out with open arms. The man spoke several quick sentences in Spanish.
“Uh, what did he say?” Kenny looked at Zeck, bewildered. 
“Are you sure this is the guy?” Zeck asked Leah. 
“He looks like he knows us.” 
They looked at each other and shrugged as the man motioned for them to come in. Zeck took a few cautious steps forward and the others followed him. Kenny waited for Leah to go first. He looked around at the houses surrounding the old man’s. They looked about the same. Some had pink paint that was peeling off, some had hot green, but they all looked dilapidated and some were crumbling. 
Once inside, the man spouted off a few more sentences in Spanish. Kenny caught the words profesor and por favor. The man motioned for them to sit down in the living room as he disappeared into another room. Kenny and Zeck had to duck their heads slightly while coming in the door and were not far from the ceiling in this room. 
“Anybody getting anything?” Zeck asked as they sat down on wicker chairs. 
Leah said, “He said something about a professor I think.” 
“He knows what we came for, right? Maybe he’s going to get ready.” Kenny suggested. 
“Hopefully he’s got it in that room,” Zeck said staring at the glass table and animal figurines on a chair beyond it. “Then we can get out of here.” 
After a few moments the man entered the room and right behind him there was a much taller, younger, and whiter man. The man bent under the overhang of the doorway. He didn’t seem to be a very tall person, but compared to the older man and the house, he was tall. 
“Hi, I’m Kody Tomlin, but people around here call me Professor.” Oh good, he speaks English, Kenny thought. Hopefully he speaks Spanish too. 
Professor shook their hands weakly. When he shook Leah’s hand, he bowed his head and smiled brightly. Professor sat in front of them on another wicker chair and the man, still standing, said something in Spanish to the three of them. He looked as if he were waiting for a response. Professor must have seen their blank stares and said, “Oh, excuse me. He asked if you want something to drink.” 
The man went to get lemonade and when he came back he told Leah that she was very beautiful. Leah smiled for the first time since she heard that Mantis had not found Sarah. Professor had translated for the old man and Kenny wasn’t sure if Leah’s blushing smile came from the old man’s compliment or came because of the mouth by which it was spoken. Professor twitched his feet nervously from one place to another on the floor near his chair. As the man handed the lemonade to Kenny he again said something in Spanish and Professor said that he had told Kenny he has a baby’s face.
Kenny just smiled and said, “Gracias.” Another one that says I look really young. Why is that such an eye-grabber for everyone? I’ve never really noticed it. I mean, I guess it’s kind of nice to look young, but...Kenny trailed off thinking about how it will be nice to look young when he is 50 or 60. 
Professor started speaking. He had an annoying, nasal voice that took a long time for Kenny to get used to. “It’s a buen—err good—thing Vinny emailed me when he did. I only check my email about once a mes—err month. There’s no real need around here.” 
Tikal, Professor explained, was a large site with over 1,000 structures. It was the largest in Guatemala. Kenny didn’t pay much attention to all the details Professor gave. Kenny was focused on the annoying nasalness of his voice. But Professor went on for about 10 minutes about all the magnificent things to see. At one point he said that there is evidence that Tikal was conquered by Teotihuacan in the fourth century. 
“For real?” Leah asked enthusiastically. 
Professor told more about it’s history. Leah was really into the story. Zeck looked over at Kenny who was trying to keep his eyes open. He didn’t want to seem rude, but they had just eaten, it was hot, and the history lecture was boring him. Zeck eye’s were half closed as well, but he managed a mocking smile and turned to look back at Professor. 
Finally Professor said the words that Kenny was waiting for. He said Vinny had explained what they were looking for and he thought he knew exactly what to show them. He had found it one day and had not told anyone about it. He didn’t want to alert the Archaeological community until he had studied it more himself. 
As Kenny was finally getting his second wind, Professor asked if they wanted to see it right now. Kenny and Zeck blurted out that they wanted to see it. Professor chuckled at their enthusiasm and said he would be right back; he just needed to grab some things. 
“Finally. A few more minutes of that, and I would’ve been snoring.”
Something reminded Kenny of Sparrow. It had been days since Kenny had seen it and he felt strange not have it hovering just behind him. He almost felt alone without it. Kenny suddenly realized that he was missing a robot and felt embarrassed of himself. Ruminating on the idea some more, the idea hit him to give Sparrow Amy’s voice. I’ll have to work on that, he thought, but it could be possible.
They walked out the door and headed down the street back toward the plaza. Professor told them it was about a two mile walk once they got out of the town. The old man didn’t join them. Professor had translated that the man was too old and had no place going there to look for treasures. Professor seemed to know the way well and led them with a quick pace and a light step, carrying a worn, black backpack. 
Passing house after house that was about the same as the old man’s, Professor gave a history of the town and its people. Professor had about finished his history lesson when they finally reached the edge of town. Kenny still was focusing on the nasal quality of his voice.
Zeck must have been as bored as Kenny. The first breath he got a chance, he changed the subject. “So, tell us, Professor, is this the right place? Is what we are looking for here?”
Professor began explaining about the temples in Tikal. He explained that the ancient American peoples were quite the astronomers and they were architectural geniuses. He explained that the temples there were made to perfectly align with certain days of the year. “Many of the archaeological sites in Central America that have been uncovered align with dates in the year—“
“Edzna, right?” Leah jumped in.
“Edzna, yup, Chichen Itza, Teotihuacan, Zempoal—“
“Wait where? Teotihuacan?” Leah interrupted.
“Man, even he says it perfectly without thinking. Te-ti-o-hu—I can’t say it,” Kenny said, frustrated.
“Yeah, Teotihuacan, why?” Professor asked.
“Explain yourself, civilian. What about Teotihuacan?” 
“Well, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but Teotihuacan is set up on sort of a grid. And instead of being aligned with North and South, it’s offset by about…umm…15.5 degrees. And that means, that the Temple of the Sun is facing The Day the World Began—” 
“August 13th,” Leah interjected. “It’s the day they celebrate the New Year.”
“Exactly. Good job.” 
“But what about Kochab?” Leah continued. 
“Kochab? Wow, you’ve really done your homework.” Professor smiled at Leah as a teacher smiles at his favorite student. “But...umm,” Professor stopped to think. “No, I don’t think it has anything to do with Kochab. But Tikal, on the other hand, is aligned to many more days of the year. It’s like an archaeological calendar.” Professor kept walking down the dirt trail. His eyes widened and enthusiasm entered his voice when he started talking about Tikal. “Both the sunrise and sunset of the Spring and Fall equinoxes, the Winter solstice, the Day the World Began—“ 
“So you’re saying this is the place, civilian?” 
“Well, I-wh-why do you call me civilian?” 
“He’s just weird. Keep going. You said like that the temples here align to August 13th, too?” Leah asked. 
“Yes, and to Kochab. It’s amazing: all the temples line up perfectly with each other to point towards those days. It’s way cool, for real.” 
“Does this mean anything to you: Where the beginning of the world looks down on the jaguar and the moon, and crosses Kochab?” Kenny asked. 
“Wait what? Say that again?” 
Leah repeated slowly, “Where the beginning of the world looks down on the jaguar and the moon, and crosses Kochab. We thought it might have meant here. Wikipedia said something about one of the temples being called a jaguar and then like another site talked about Kochab and Tikal and stuff.”
“Hmmm...Temple IV aligns with Temple I to point towards the Day the World Began...Temple IV is higher than the others. Yeah, I guess you could say that it looks down on them. Temple II is the Temple of the Moon and One is the Temple of the Great Jaguar. So yes, in a matter of speaking, the Day the World Began looks down on the moon and the jaguar.” 
“I was so right, err Leon was right. This is so it,” Leah exclaimed. Zeck smiled at her and told her she did well. She gave him a funny look and turned towards Professor. 
Professor continued, “And Temple V makes a line to Temple II that points to Kochab...which, let me think, yes, yes it does…which crosses the line between Temple IV and Temple I.” 
“Sweet,” Leah said. “Dude, you know where it is then? Have you like seen it? Where exactly is it?” 
“I don’t know what you mean by it, but it’s amazing how that reference guides you right to Temple II. I found a secret something in Temple II and that’s what I’m going to show you. I haven’t seen it on any other building here at Tikal and I don’t think anyone else knows about it,” Professor said. “I was exploring late at night one night. No one’s there at night. It’s nice—to be alone and think.” 
Soon they were at the site. They stopped at the entrance to take in the view. Kenny found himself in an archeologist’s playground. He stood in awe of the skyscraper-like temples that stuck up above the jungle canopy. A hidden jungle city, made by the Grays, that once held the Sun Stones. It’s beautiful, Kenny thought. He then realized what he had just thought and corrected himself. No, not made by the Grays. The Lamites made this place.  
Professor said, “The imagination reels. There are reliefs, pyramids, temples in the extinguished city. The damp murmur of the arroyos, voices, crepitations of the intertangling vines, the sound of flapping wings, trickle into the immense sea of silence. Everything palpitates, breathes, exhausting itself in green above the vast roof of Peten.” 
Kenny looked at Professor, confused. 
“Miguel Angel Asturias said that. He hit the nail on the head,” Professor mused. 
“You memorized that, civilian?” Zeck asked. 
Kenny added, “And who is Migel Asturangel?” 
“Oh, no one of consequence,” Professor smiled at Leah as they continued walking. She smiled back, exhaled slowly, and followed behind him. 
Walking through the site, there was a flurry of activity; tourists were swarming like bees. They had come in at the base of Temple IV and Professor invited them to climb. Kenny eagerly climbed to the top and marveled at the awe-inspiring view. Professor pointed to one of the tops of the temples in the distance that could be seen above the canopy of trees. “On sundown of August 13th the sun shines through this doorway to that temple over there. That’s Temple I. The one that looks like its connected to it is Temple II. When we get there, you’ll see they’re pretty far apart. That one that’s closest to us on your right is Temple III. The line between that one and this one is the Winter solstice.”
Kenny turned to look at the jungle that stretched out for miles in all directions as far as the eye can see. Only the tops of three temples could be seen against the backdrop of the jungle. The rest was trees and flowing clouds. It was calm and peaceful even amidst the tumult of the crowds of people. 
They climbed down through the crowds of tourists. Little kids with their backpacks ran up the long stairs as adults yelled after them and older couples helped each other slowly down the stairs. There was a broad mix of races; people from all over the world had come to see this. And they don’t know what they are looking at. Not even Professor realizes the importance of this place. 
Walking down one of the causeways to the Great Plaza—as Professor called it—where Temple I and Temple II stood staring at each other on opposite sides of the plaza, Kenny saw lots of strange, small animals. They looked like a mix between a raccoon and a squirrel. Professor explained they were called coatimundi, and were in fact in the raccoon family. Zeck laughed as he watched them play on and around the trees. 
It was a good jaunt to the Great Plaza, but the flocks of tourists made the walk seem even longer. Leah’s phone beeped and after reading the message, a smile appeared on her face. Almost jumping out of her shoes, she started typing. Kenny, Zeck, and Professor all looked at her for an explanation. She shook her head in playful defiance and kept walking towards the Great Plaza.
Looking up the steep stairs, Kenny began the climb up Temple II. Professor explained above the din how he was examining the two temples in detail one night. They are perfect opposites, he explained. That night he had run from Temple I to Temple II over twenty times to look at each one from different angles and see the details of each. It was that night when he found something beneath the altar in the middle of the room in Temple II. 
When they got to the room Kenny looked around at all the tourists. He noticed that some were feeling the walls and some were looking slowly at each brick while other groups of people walked through the room quickly without looking at details. The small room was full of people waiting for their turn to touch the altar or feel the walls. “With all these people here, we’ll never be able to do this.” 
“We’ll have to wait until there aren’t many people here, because we have to pry it open. It’s here,” Professor pointed to the stone altar. “On the other side one of the stone slabs comes off.” 
“And like, what’s there?” Leah asked. 
“You’d have to see it. I don’t know like what it is, ya know?” 
“I’m sorry civilian, but we can’t wait. We do it now,” Zeck ordered. 
“What? With all these people? We can’t—“
“He’s right, Zeck. We can’t do anything now,” Kenny cautioned.
“Blake will be here any moment and who knows if the Evil Ones found out where we are and are headed here right now.”
Leah flamed, “Are you saying that Sarah talked? Listen, dude, she wouldn’t—“
“He’s right, Professor—unfortunately. We have to do it now. Open it,” Kenny shrugged.
“Hey, but you just said...” Professor shook his head, but obediently walked around the altar to the other side. A tourist bumped into him on his way there. 
The top of the altar had once been one stone slab, but was now split in two near the middle of the stone. The sides of the two slabs were worn and had either been dropped or cut into. They went around to the other side of the altar and crouched down behind Professor. Professor put his hand on a stone slab under the top stone and wiggled it a little. It was loose, but there wasn’t enough space between it and the other stone slabs for even a finger. Professor sat down, opened his backpack, took out a small digging tool with a flat edge, and stuck it into the crack. He paused. He looked at Zeck and then at Kenny. 
“Ya know, I don’t even know who you guys are or who you’re with.” 
“You’re right, civilian, but it’s too late now. Justice can’t wait for you to trust Her.” 
Professor’s face became very confused, he sat back a little, rested his arm on his left knee, and removed the tool from the crack. 
Leah grabbed his hand and moved it back towards the crack. They made eye contact. She guided his hand and consequently the tool back into the small space. She said, “Dude, I know he’s weird. Just do it, please.” She smiled.
Professor looked around a bit at the crowds, shook his head, and then concentrated on the stone. “That was easy,” Professor said surprised. He pulled the stone slab out and rested it on the ground. 
Kenny moved closer and almost bumped heads with Zeck. He quickly moved his head to the side to avoid touching Zeck and then stared at what was behind the stone slab. It was the same type of mechanism that had opened the doors in Teotihuacan and Copan. But, seeing the symbol, Kenny sat down and put his head between his knees in defeat. 
“A scorpion? The Evil Ones,” Zeck muttered.
“Wait—what? You guys know what this is?”
“Of course they do,” a familiar, harsh voice from behind them declared. Everyone jumped. Kenny turned around and saw a man looking down at them. Kenny couldn’t see the man’s face from his angle, but he didn’t need to. Kenny already knew who he was; it was Blake.
Zeck shot to his feet and was staring Blake in the eye before anyone else got to their feet.
“Now who is this?” Professor asked Leah.
“A traitor,” she answered with a scowl and a deep voice. 
Now that Kenny was on his feet, he saw that Blake was almost smiling. It was a sinister, confident grin. He was unarmed, but Kenny saw the shape of a pistol resting at Blake’s belt under his gray, untucked t-shirt.
“Who are you people?”
“Don’t worry, my good friend,” Blake started. “I’m just here for a simple exchange. Now, let’s open that door so you can give me the Sun Stones.”
The tourists had thinned out, but the ones that were there stared at the scene and backed up against the wall to avoid being a part of it. They inched their way out of the room and on their way out warned others not to go in. 
“Where’s your girlfriend, Blake?” Leah taunted. 
“And where’s Ryan,” Zeck growled. 
Blake laughed calmly. “Don’t worry, you’ll see soon enough. Oh, he’s safe. Now let’s open this door.” He pointed at the mechanism under the altar. “Open it,” he ordered. 
“What is this guy talking about? What stones? I’m lost, for real. I thought I was the expert here.” Professor’s nasal voice was shaking. 
“You are, my friend,” Blake said. “They were just using you.” 
“We can’t open it, Blake. The Brotherhood has the rune,” Kenny said. 
“Well, how interesting. We’ll have to make sure they get an invitation to this little gathering.” 
“They are—” Leah started, but was interrupted by Zeck. 
“We blew up their headquarters. And maybe the rune with it.” 
Kenny looked at Zeck and felt like he knew where Zeck was going with this. Kenny continued, “This is the end, Blake. We can’t go any further. You should just go home.” 
“Then we’ll blast the door open!” he shouted. 
“You can’t!” Professor shouted back. “This has been around for centuries and—” 
Leah grabbed his hand and told him it would be okay. 
“We don’t do anything until Ryan is safe with us,” Zeck declared definitively. 
“Fine,” Blake said slowly. “Let’s go see him.” Blake walked passed the altar and started down the stairs.
Kenny shrugged to answer Leah’s raised eyebrow that seemed to wonder why that was so easy. They followed Blake down the steep stairs. Tourists were falling over themselves to get out of the way. It seemed like all eyes were on them until they reached the bottom of the stairs and left the Great Plaza. They walked down another causeway back towards Temple IV, but turned to the left on another causeway. Kenny made sure to keep his distance from Blake, and Leah had to make sure Professor was following them. It looked like he was looking for a chance to escape. 
They came to a clearing at the edge of a parking lot. Zorina stood, relaxed and unarmed. In her right hand was a dog leash and beside her sat a large, black and white pitbull, panting. As they approached, the dog got to its feet, alarmed, and barked. It pulled on its leash, barking, eager. Zorina had to hold it back and tell it to calm down. She scowled at them and demanded the Stones. 
“Have you failed again?” she asked Blake. 
Blake retorted, “We can’t open the door. The Brotherhood has something we need.” 
Blake had stopped close to Zorina, but Kenny and the rest had stopped a few yards away. A group of tourists passed by, but avoided walking between the two groups. They walked around all of them. Kids ran, played, and screamed several yards from them. The air was cool and moist and the sun was soft on Kenny’s face. 
“Well,” she started slowly, “I guess we can’t open our car door and let your friend out either. But I don’t know how much longer he’ll make it. People need to eat sometime.”
“You’re bluffing. Where is he?” Kenny said calmly.
The woman turned toward the parking lot and walked to her vehicle. The dog followed her, but constantly looked back and eyed Kenny and the others. She stopped in front of a black, shiny SUV with tinted windows sitting beneath a tree that almost covered half of it in a distant corner of the parking lot. It was parked suspiciously a little distance from the other cars. There were no tourists around that side of the parking lot, but on the other side of the parking lot a bus was just arriving and kids were getting off.
Kenny had been looking around for people hiding in the bushes or trees. Thinking it could have been a trap, he took out his headband and gestured for Leah and Zeck to do the same. By the time Zorina turned around at her SUV, they had their headbands on and their transmitters turned on. Professor’s look became more and more frightened as they got closer to the SUV. Leah grabbed his arm and made sure he didn’t run away.
“We really don’t need him anymore, Leah,” Kenny thought to her. “You could let him go if he wants.”
“I don’t want him to,” she thought to Kenny and smiled.
When they got to the vehicle, Zorina turned around and gave a surprised look; it was the headbands. When Blake saw them he mused, “Same old tricks, I see.”
“Well,” the woman started, “he’s in there. Now let’s open that door.” 
“Whoa, wait a minute, friend of a traitor. That could be anyone in there. Let me see him,” Zeck demanded. 
“Very well.” The woman took out a small key fob, pressed a button and spoke into the fob, “Window. Back left. Down.” 
The window from the car rolled down and Ryan slowly stuck his head out and looked at Zeck, Leah, and Kenny. His unkempt hair almost covered his half-closed eyes that had large bags under them. His face was pale and emaciated as if he hadn’t eaten in days, but he probably would have been smiling had it not been for the duct tape over his mouth. Kenny assumed that he was tied up, too. 
“You devils,” Zeck flared. 
Professor looked appalled. He was staring at Zorina and then at Kenny. “Leah, I think I’m going to go. I’m not getting involved in this. You seem like a great girl and maybe under different circumstances we could...” He was backing away slowly. As Leah turned to stop him, he took off towards the temples. Leah made an attempt to grab him and only got his shirt. He was yanked back and fell to his knees. 
Kenny saw something on Professor’s right shoulder in the instant that Leah was pulling his shirt back. The sight of it hit Kenny like a train at full speed. Recovering, he quickly ran to Professor and kneeled behind him. He had to see it again; he had to make sure that it was real what he had seen. The shirt had stretched and Kenny could see the top of the tattoo. Without thinking he pulled down on the shirt to reveal the rest of the tattoo. 
“Hey!” Professor shouted and leaned forward. He got to his feet and backed away from Kenny. “Get back.” 
Kenny didn’t need to see more. It was real. The same tattoo as Amy’s was on Professor’s back and in the exact same spot as Amy’s. A flurry of emotion mixed inside of him. Vinny was right, Kenny thought. The Stones do have something to do with Amy. Kenny felt relieved and excited, but confused and unsure. 
“Where—where did you get that tattoo?” Kenny inched closer to Professor and Professor took strides backward. 
“You stay away. I don’t know anything about it.” 
“What does it mean? Who gave it to you?” 
Leah pleaded, “Don’t go, Kody...please.” 
“I don’t want anything to do with any of you. Get away,” Professor turned around and sprinted away. 
“Look what you did, Kenny,” Leah said. “What was that for?” 
“That was Amy’s tattoo. He’s got the same one.” Kenny felt an urge to run after Professor. He had to know more about that tattoo, but he knew that running after him, would only scare him more.
Zorina interrupted, “Are we ready to come back to Earth?” She turned to Zeck, who was at the window of the vehicle talking to Ryan, and asked, “Are you happy now, white man? Your friend is fine.” 
Leah ran towards the vehicle to talk with Ryan, but Zorina’s thin arm shot out and grabbed Leah’s wrist. She looked at Leah and shook her head like a mother to her child that is about to do something bad. The dog growled at Leah. Zorina told the car to close its window. 
“It’s okay, Leah,” Kenny thought to her. “We’ll get him back.” 
“I don’t trust them,” Kenny heard Leah’s voice in his ear. 
Zeck’s voice spoke in Kenny’s ear, “We don’t have much of a choice, Leah. It will be okay. We’ll save him.”
“Now, let’s go get those Stones.”

***

“We have to do something to get these slave drivers off our backs,” Zeck thought to Kenny. Kenny assumed he thought it to Leah, too.
“I just hope your pal Sarah gets here soon,” Kenny thought to the group.
“Well, it was like mid afternoon when she texted me. She should be here soon.”
“If we make a break for it, that dog will get us before the other two do. If we could dispose of it somehow, we could probably get away,” Zeck thought.
“We’re not going to shoot a dog, Zack,” Kenny argued in his thoughts.
“What? You and your animals again. That thing’s a killer. Look at it. And it’s Zeck.” 
Kenny looked to his left at the bulldog. It was about knee high and looked like a body builder of a dog. It smugly trotted down the causeway enjoying the fresh air and cool breeze. Whenever it looked over at Kenny or Zeck or Leah it gave them a death stare that broadcasted a forewarning of a serious maiming to anyone who stepped out of line.
“The Grays have taught us that—” Kenny paused. “No, it doesn’t matter what the Grays have said. I’ll take care of that dog myself. You create a distraction, Zack.”
It was getting late and most of the tourists had already left. They were walking at a forced casual pace to keep them busy while Zorina and Blake waited for the Brotherhood to arrive. Zorina and Blake didn’t dare show their guns, but Kenny knew they had them at the ready. Kenny was seeing the sights of Tikal practically at gun point. It was a breath-taking site which—under different circumstances—would have been one of the most exciting tours of ancient ruins he had ever been on, but he was unable to enjoy it today. 
Zeck turned to Blake and Zorina suddenly. “Blake, I have an idea.” 
“Play along, Lincoln. And let’s make this one count,” Zeck thought to Kenny. 
Zeck reached for Kenny’s backpack. Kenny fought to keep it away from him, but Zeck eventually got it from him. “Blake, you remember about Lincoln’s Sun Stone, right?” 
“No, Zack!” Kenny reached for the backpack, intentionally missing it. 
“How about this: you give us Ryan now, and in exchange we’ll hand you over Lincoln’s Stone. When the Brotherhood comes, you get the rest...as long as they don’t kill us all.” 
Leah yelled, “What are you thinking, Zeck? No!” 
“Zack, give me my backpack!” Kenny demanded. 
Zorina turned to Blake. “You idiot! You didn’t tell me he had one of the Stones. White boy, hand that over to me now!” 
“And?” 
“And your friend goes free,” she finished. 
“Zack, don’t do it. Hand over the backpack!” 
“It’s Zeck, you moron. I’m gonna give her the Stone and you can’t do anything about it, alien hugger.”
“Zeck, no!” Leah yelled again. 
“If you get any closer to her with that backpack, I will shoot you!” Kenny pulled out his Ruger SR9 and pointed it menacingly at Zeck. The dog barked as it saw the gun. It ran forward and Zorina had to yank its leash to hold it back.
Any tourists nearby scattered frantically. Leah jumped back. “Hey, whoa, dude. Calm down.” 
“This is something we have to do, Lincoln. We have to save Ryan from these terrorists. I promise we’ll get Amy’s Stone back.” 
Zorina began laughing. “This is truly entertainment. You ran with a funny crowd before, Blake. Who are you rooting for?” 
“I just want that Stone,” Blake said staring at Zeck. 
“Zack, if you give her that Stone, I’ll do it. I’ll shoot. I would love to see a bullet through your heart!” 
“Listen alien freak, if you don’t get my name right, The Avenger will strike you to the ground in the name of Justice. And, you don’t have the guts to pull the trigger,” Zeck taunted. 
“Oh I will, Zack. I dare you to give her that backpack!”
Zeck had been holding the backpack close to his chest, but now started extending his arm toward Zorina. Kenny waited as the backpack inched forward. He put his finger on the trigger and got ready, but then watched in horror as the backpack got right in the way of his shot at the bulldog. I can’t risk shooting Amy’s Stone! 
“Oh yeah?” Zeck taunted again. Kenny heard Zeck’s voice in his ear: “Do it now!” 
Zorina extended her arm to received the backpack. 
“I can’t, the backpack is in the way,” he thought to Zeck. Kenny froze. He was trying to act mad and cover his nervousness, but he was sure that Blake and Zorina saw right through him.
Zeck pushed the backpack into her hands and in that moment Kenny had the perfect shot at the dog. He aimed and fired. Kenny watched in slow motion as the bullet seared through the dog’s flesh. It must have been a good shot, because the dog screeched and fell to the ground. Kenny couldn’t help but feel some vindication in his kill. He savored the split second, but quickly brought his mind to what was happening around him. 
While Zorina turned to look at her dog, Zeck grabbed the backpack and stomped her knee. Leah kicked Blake in the groin before all three sprinted down the causeway. They turned a corner, waited for Leah to catch up, and then took off again through the tourists, trees, and coatimundi. After sprinting for several minutes without stopping, Kenny picked a large stone wall to stop behind. Hunched over, breathing heavy, Zeck gave Kenny his backpack back. Leah arrived moments later. 
“That...was...awesome! You so...hit that...thing...in its heart,” she panted. 
“Good job...” Zeck agreed. “That...was a good shot. And nice kick...Leah.” 
“I gotta admit...that felt pretty good...and I hope you know...everything I said...was just part of the act.” 
“Yeah, I know,” Zeck said. 
“That was so cool...You two had me like so fooled for a while.” 
“So what now?” Kenny asked. When he looked up, his heart stopped and he stumbled backward. “Zeck, Leah, get back!” 
Across a small field, three nanos came from nowhere and were marching towards the three of them. None of them had any weapons and none had any expression on his face, but all of them stared straight ahead as they lurched forward. Leah huddled close to Kenny who was aiming back and forth among them. Zeck shot twice, but the nanos didn’t move. More nanos appeared behind the first group. They marched closer. 
The sun was setting and large orange rays of sunlight peeked through the thin, straight trees. Coatimundi scurried through the grass and the breeze that was blowing stopped abruptly. Kenny was still damp from his sweat. 
“I told you we couldn’t trust Sarah!” Zeck croaked. 
“This can’t be her,” Leah hoped. 
“Why aren’t they shooting us?” 
“Should we run?” Leah asked. 
Zeck looked around the wall that their backs were on. “Well, we can’t run that way! There’s more of ‘em!” 
“Well, we gotta decide something quick!” Kenny shouted. “This isn’t getting any better.” 
“Sarah!” Leah yelled suddenly. She bolted towards the nanos, but Zeck grabbed her by the waist before she could get very far. She screamed and flailed her arms, trying to get free. Zeck pulled her back towards the wall, but just then the nanos stopped where they were. 
The nanos were fifteen feet away and didn’t move. Zeck saw Sarah approaching and let Leah run to her. They hugged and as they came back, Zeck threatened Sarah with his pistol. Leah told him to knock it off, but Zeck kept Sarah at a distance. 
“You have a lot of explaining to do,” Zeck demanded. “What happened to being blackmailed?” 
“And how are you alive?” added Leah.
“We’ll listen to that later, guys,” Kenny said. “Right now we have to make sure those terrorists don’t come back to haunt us.” 
“Terrorists?” Sarah asked. 
“The traitor,” Leah told her. “And his new gal pal. We so just whooped ‘em...and then ran away. It was cool, dude.” 
“Oh, good job. I guess. Well, if they come back I think they’ll have met their match,” Sarah said confidently. “I think we should worry about finding the rune. Where’s Ryan?” 
Leah shook her head slowly. 
“What!?” Sarah exclaimed. 
“No, I mean, not like that, dude. He’s alive and all, but we couldn’t rescue him.” 
“He looks bad,” Kenny said.
Sarah was silent, but Zeck interrupted her silence, “Did you bring the scorpion rune?”
Sarah nodded.
“Alright, well fork it over. We’ll go get the jaguar rune. You can wait here...or go rescue your British lad.” 
“No, I’m here for the jaguar rune,” Sarah said. 
“Dude, come on. With those nanos we’ll wipe Blake out in like two seconds, for real. I’ll go with you and these two can get the rune,” Leah said smiling. 
“No, Leah,” Zeck argued. “You’re staying with us. I won’t put you in danger.” 
“Dude, with all those nanos there ain’t any danger.” 
“I meant her,” Zeck looked at Sarah.
Leah glared at Zeck. “Whatever. Just whatever. Let’s go, Sarah.”
Sarah gave a command to the nanos and gave the scorpion rune to Kenny. She deliberately didn’t hand it to Zeck who had his hand held out for it. Half of the nanos—four—marched off with her and Leah towards where they left Blake and Zorina and their dead dog. The other half didn’t move, looking straight ahead. Kenny looked around at Tikal and then at Zeck, waiting for the nanos to do something. They still didn’t move. 
“Alright, Lincoln, let’s go back to Temple II. Do you know where we are?” 
Kenny shook his head, but told Zeck to follow him anyway. 
The sun quickly disappeared behind the jungle’s trees and it was suddenly completely dark. Kenny’s backpack had been glowing brighter as it got later, but now in the dark it was much more noticeable. Kenny took out the Stone and held it at shoulder level as they wandered through the site. 
As they walked away, the nanos started walking towards them. Zeck spun around and aimed at them, but they kept walking until they were about 10 feet away, and then they stopped. Zeck turned and kept walking. When they had advanced a few yards, Kenny heard the nanos walking behind them. 
“I guess we have company,” he said. 
“I don’t like it.”
It didn’t take much looking to find the Great Plaza; they had been closer than they had thought. Kenny jogged over to Temple II and started up the stairs. He turned to see where Zeck was and saw that he was eyeing the nanos who were jogging to keep up. Wow, he really doesn’t trust Sarah. Well, if Leah thinks she’s fine, I’ll accept her. It would make things a lot easier if Zack would trust her too. I hate to admit it, but I’m glad we’re doing this together. 
Kenny and Zeck hurried up the steep stairs, until they heard Blake’s voice call out to them from far below.
“Kenny! Zeck!”
Kenny wheeled around and gasped as he looked at Blake. Blake was standing at the clearing of the Great Plaza on a small hill and was holding Ryan with an arm around his neck and a knife to his throat. Zorina stood to Blake’s side with a gun pointed at the back of Ryan’s head.
Kenny said softly to Zeck, “Do they think the knife won’t be enough or what?”
“Lady Justice will not be pleased if Ryan dies today at the hands of those dogs in such a way.”
Blake yelled up, “Bring us the Stones, or Ryan doesn’t live to see your next birthday. You have ten minutes.”
“I thought Sarah and Leah were going after those two.”
“I guess they didn’t find them yet,” Zeck responded.
“Hey, the nanos are down there. How do we tell them to attack him?” 
“I don’t know, Lincoln, but Blake doesn’t know that we don’t know.” Zeck yelled down to Blake, “The Stones aren’t here, you fool!”
“We’re not stupid, Avenger! You’re time is running out.” 
“Hey, traitor, look to your right,” Kenny yelled down. “Those nanos are working for us now. You touch Ryan and your life ends tonight.” 
Blake and Zorina looked at the nanos surprised. Kenny saw them talking to each other. Suddenly Blake let Ryan go and Zorina put the gun away. Ryan wobbled on his own two feet and looked up at Kenny and Zeck. Kenny felt relieved. Yes!, he thought. We did it. Just then Zorina pushed Ryan forward, pulled out her gun again, aimed at his leg, and fired. Ryan shouted and fell to the ground rolling in pain and clenching his leg. Zorina crouched beside him, roughly gripped his hurt leg, and pointed the gun at his face. 
Kenny thought to Zeck, “Tell the nanos to attack!” 
“He’ll call our bluff.”
“Maybe it’ll work. Just do it,” Kenny urged. 
Zeck yelled to the nanos, “Nanos, kill those two.” 
The nanos didn’t move. They looked straight ahead like robots, unaware. Zeck yelled again louder, but the nanos didn’t even take a step. Zeck swore under his breath. 
“Ryan only has nine minutes left to live!” Blake yelled.
“The Stone’s aren’t here, there’s only a key,” Kenny yelled. “It’s just a key to get the Stones back in Mexico.” 
“The clock is ticking, alien boy!”
Kenny looked at Zeck. “He’s a moron! We have to go, Zeck!” 
Kenny tore up the stairs and ran behind the altar. Zeck handed him a credit card and he pried out the stone slab that blocked the door-opening mechanism. Taking the scorpion rune from Zeck impatiently, Kenny quickly turned it right side up and almost slammed it into the device. 
His heart was racing and his impatience made him not even care about the rune. It was made of pure red sapphire and had been glistening in the Stone’s light, casting a red shadow behind it. It had been carved exquisitely; a work of art that Kenny had ignored.
Kenny strained to push the opening mechanism further into the altar, but it wouldn’t move. The mechanism was stuck. “I can’t do it. You try,” said Kenny in a hurry. Zeck pushed Kenny out of the way and almost without effort pushed the mechanism further into the altar. 
The mechanism turned in circles several times, unlike the previous ones. As it turned, it sounded like something was being raised on a pulley. The mechanism kept turning slowly and suddenly the cracked stone on top of the altar began shaking. Each side of the stone slid loudly towards opposite sides as something emerged from within the altar. The two slabs that made up the altar’s top were pushed up in the middle until they slid off the altar and crashed on the ground. Kenny quickly moved his feet just in case they were in the way of the falling rock. He hoped there wasn’t any preservation foundation or something like that that he would have to pay for damages, but figured that on the contrary, the archeological world might want to pay them for their discoveries. He pushed the thought out of his mind as he focused on the box that had emerged from the altar. 
It was a small box made of four stone slabs around the sides and another slab on top. The one on top had a hole in the middle that was perfectly the size of one of the Sun Stones. 
After it had stopped rising, and Kenny and Zeck saw that nothing else spectacular was going to happen, Kenny shrugged, accepting what he had to do, and placed Amy’s Stone in the small hole. It fit perfectly so that it would rest in the hole, but not fall through. What a relief, Kenny thought. There wouldn’t be any way to get it out otherwise, without breaking the box.
As the Stone was placed into the hole, a beam of light shot out of the room towards Temple I across the Great Plaza. Zeck jumped back in surprise, but being the closer of the two, approached the light cautiously. He passed his hand through the light stream several times, but nothing happened.
“It’s like an ancient projector,” he stammered.
“Now that’s cool. What is it projecting?” 
“Maybe the next clue,” Zeck said. 
“Not another one. I thought we were so close.” 
“Lincoln, it looks like the clue is projected into Temple I. Go over there and see what it is.”
“By myself?” 
“If we go together, who’s gonna watch Amy’s Stone?” Zeck reasoned. “Are you afraid, Lincoln?”
“Well you saw what they did to Ryan...but no, not at all. I’ll take ‘em both on if I have to. But, you’re right. Good thinking, Zack...I meant Zeck. And thanks for thinking of Amy’s Stone.” 
Kenny began walking out the door. Taking out his gun, he carefully made his way down the steps, staring at Zorina and Blake. Ryan was still on the ground moaning and Zorina was standing over him. As Kenny came closer, Zorina aimed her pistol again at Ryan, threatening. Staring Kenny in the eye, she spit on Ryan’s torso as Blake reminded him that there were only a few minutes left. Kenny glared at Zorina as hatred poured into his blood flow. Kenny promised himself that Zorina’s dog would not be the only thing to die today. If someone else didn’t end her life, he would do it himself. 
Passing the nanos—who turned to watch him—Kenny’s heart beat raced. He listened for any sound of them turning around or drawing a gun. If they suddenly attacked, he would have only a split second to respond. He heard only unusually slow breathing. It was eerie how much they were like robots and yet looked like humans. They must lose their emotions or personalities when they become nanos...or maybe they are bred like that. Kenny reached the steps of Temple I and none of the nanos had moved. 
Kenny ran up the steep steps as best he could, faltering once. He made it to the first landing and shielding his eyes from the Stone’s light, he looked down at Ryan. Zorina was talking to Blake, but Kenny couldn’t make out what she was saying. She was ordering him to do something, and he was hesitant to accept. Oh no! He wants her to do something to Ryan! Kenny stayed to watch. Zorina pushed Blake and he reluctantly turned toward Temple I. He strafed past the nanos, his gun aimed at them, and made it to the steps below. 
What in Sam Hill? He’s coming with me! Great job those nanos do of protecting us. Worthless things.
Kenny hurried up the last part of the stairs before Blake could make it to him. As he was entering, there was a loud shout coming from the plaza. It was a young female voice: Leah. Kenny spun around and was blinded by the bright light. He moved to the left and looked towards Zorina. They weren’t there, but Kenny suddenly noticed a small light hiding in the trees behind her. It was Sparrow. Sparrow was right behind Zorina, waiting, following. Great! I wondered where that was. I just wish it had a gun so it could pop Zorina in the back right now. 
Kenny knew that Blake must be close to the top of the temple by now, but couldn’t see the stairs because of the light. He quickly moved to the right of the projected light and looked on the other side of the Great Plaza. Standing on stone steps, Leah was yelling up at Kenny to watch his back. She was standing next to Sarah and behind them was a group of nanos, silent and ready. 
Just then a bullet was fired that ricocheted off the temple’s entrance above Kenny’s head.




Chapter 26

“So these are the new digs, eh Mantis?” Nick asked.
Mantis had just stepped out of the van and Nick out of his Mercedes wearing a shirt and tie—his tie hanging loosely tied around his neck—in front of the GAFF’s new double wide trailers. There were two of them on side-by-side lots and Bulldog and a few of the others ran into the one on the right. Some people from inside screamed over the loud music. Mantis walked towards the one on the left as kids rode by on their bikes. Entering, Mantis smelled cigarettes and burnt food.
“New digs? I didn’t think you talked like that anymore. But yes—for now at least.” 
“Well, since I’m one of you again, I better start being more like one of you,” Nick reasoned. He untied the tie around his neck and folded it into a pocket.
“I know I’ve told you this already, but if you want to go back home, we can take you. Don’t feel like you owe me anything,” Mantis said. “You don’t have to stay and help us.” 
I can’t go back home, because you blew it up. “Don’t worry, Brandon. Since you showed me what kind of people I was getting myself involved with, I don’t think I have anything that I would want to go back to. This is the only home I feel like I have now.” 
“Well we’re glad to have you. But if you’re going to start acting like one of us, you’d better get back in the habit of calling me Mantis, Spider.” Nick and Mantis chuckled and walked inside the trailer.
Mantis greeted the people inside. One didn’t look away from the TV long enough to say hi, but others ran up to Mantis and hugged him.
“So where’s the next target, Mantis?” Nick continued.
Mantis continued walking until he came to one of the small rooms. There was a table in the middle with printed pictures of satellite dishes and buildings. Several flat-screen computers lined the walls. A small dry-erase board with lines and arrows drawn on it in different colors stood in the corner. “Well, because of the fire we lost everything about the last few satellite arrays. Fox here has been tirelessly working to recover all the infrared and electromagnetic satellite images from where we thought we remembered the next targets are.”
A girl with glasses, wearing overalls and pigtails in her hair spun around in her chair long enough to meet Nick.
“She’s recovered most, if not all, of what we lost, although we’ll never be quite sure. We are pretty much ready to return to full operation.” Mantis picked up one of the pictures and handed it to Nick. “It’s just west of St. George, Utah. We’re pretty sure its one that’s keeping the barrier shield up,” Mantis explained. He pointed to a map on one of the computer screens. “And it’s about to be wiped off the grid. You remember how, don’t you?” 
“I don’t think it will take long for me to get back into it,” Nick said. It might be fun to do this again for a while. But I’m sorry I can’t let you live, Mantis. After what you’ve done to me. I will have those Stones. “How many are we taking?” 
“Explosives?” 
“People,” Nick clarified.
Mantis smiled. They walked from the war room to a sink in the kitchen. “When you were here, everyone would go, except Hawk of course.” They chuckled. Their laughter had a nostalgic ring. “He always thought we were full of hooey—until he changed of course. No, now we only take a few. Not many really care about the missions anymore, like I was telling you. They care about the party afterward.” 
Mantis grabbed two glasses and filled them with water. He handed one to Nick and drank the other one slowly. Nick gulped down the odd-tasting water. Mantis held the glass carefully and ran his finger slowly around the rim. He looked out the window, staring at nothing. “I’m glad to have you back. Since Hawk left I’ve felt like a shepherd herding bulls. He’s been so motivational that he’s almost been the one carrying us all on his shoulders. With his zeal around I didn’t need to be so inspirational to the rest. I had kind of taken a back seat, and now that he’s not here I feel like I’ve forgotten how to motivate them. But having someone else at the helm with me breathes a whole new life into things.”
Nick looked out the window at the same nothing. He was a good friend, one of my best. The work was fun. Maybe I can do this a little longer than I thought. Maybe I needed a break from the Stones.
“It won’t be long, Brandon—I mean Mantis. Soon the Grays will have landed on Earth and will be teaching us everything they’ve learned about the universe. You will be hailed as a hero.” 
“Spider, you know I don’t want to be a hero. I just want to know what they know. Life—everyone’s life on this planet—will be greatly improved. And we are only a few satellite arrays away from destroying that barrier shield.”  
“It’s just a matter of patience and diligence. They will be here soon. Hopefully Hawk doesn’t lose that Stone before they get here. They might be wanting it back,” Nick said. Who am I fooling? Those Stones didn’t come from some aliens. They are mine! I want—no, I need them. And when their power is mine, I will be hailed as a hero. No, I’m sorry Brandon, but this relationship cannot last much longer.
Mantis walked to the other side of the trailer and showed Nick his room. He pointed to the top bed of a bunk bed and said that Nick would be sleeping there. He showed him the bathroom and they walked back to the living room.
“The Grays will be wanting all sixteen back. Remember?” asked Mantis. “There are more than one. But I think Hawk and Panda’s Stone will be fine. He’s probably pretty close to finding the rest right about now. And it should be much easier now that the headquarters of those fiends with the scorpion patches has been blown to bits.” 
“Yes. About that: Mantis, that building you blew up wasn’t their headquarters.” 
“What was it then?” 
“It was...” My house! “…just a satellite office. Yes, it was just the beginning of their operations.” 
“Well, then that attack wasn’t as effective as we thought.” Mantis walked to a couch and sat down. He put his hand to his mouth and fell into thought. “But the woman who gave Hawk the information was from the inside. How strange.” 
Nick mumbled how much he hated Sarah. 
Mantis questioned, “What?” 
“Oh nothing. Just that those people seemed to be very secretive. I only found out by accident. I didn’t tell anyone else that I knew. I was too afraid.” 
Spider sat on the opposite side of the couch and angled towards Mantis. The first one to get her comupins after I break free of this place will be Sarah! I will have my revenge on that wicked creature.
“You look mad, Spider. What’s the matter? Do you know where the real headquarters are?” Mantis asked. 
“Nothing. No. They never told me. I wasn’t trusted enough yet. Hard people, that Brotherhood.” 
“You can say that again,” Mantis added. “Well, I suppose we should be focusing on our own goals. That’s what is really important right now. We’ll have to let Hawk deal with them. We did what we could.” 
“Yes. I suppose you’re right. Maybe our paths will cross again. In the future.” 
“Perhaps.”




Chapter 27

Kenny ducked into the room atop Temple I and waited for Blake with his Ruger, threatening the entrance. His heart pounded within his chest as he wiped the pieces of broken stone and dust out of his hair that had fallen on him when Blake shot the doorway above him. Kenny thought how lucky he was that Blake was a bad shot. I bet he’ll say he was doing that on purpose, that snake.
Kenny glanced over at the projection that was on the altar in the middle of the room. The altar in this room was taller than in the other temple and the whole projection rested perfectly on the side of the altar. The projected picture was of a waterfall being shot by a beam of light, but Kenny didn’t pay much attention; he was focused on his prey. His mind recalled when Zorina shot Ryan’s leg. He heard Ryan’s cry and saw him fall to the ground, groping for comfort. Rage and adrenaline pumped through Kenny’s veins. 
“Do you need help in there, Lincoln?” Zeck’s voice sounded in his ear. 
“No, I got this,” he thought back.
As Blake entered, the two of them stared at each other’s gun barrel pointed at each others’ chest. The projected light from the Sun Stone blazed on the left side of Blake’s face and body. He had his right eye closed to block out the light, but Kenny could tell it still bothered him and probably affected his vision. 
“This is how it’s going to work, Kenny: you’re going to find out whatever this projected image means and get me the Stones and I’ll let you live.” 
“What? Is that a threat? What got into you, Blake? All of a sudden you are running around with an armed woman, shooting teammates, and thinking you are something special.” Kenny took a few steps closer, gun still pointed at Blake. 
“Don’t get any closer, alien freak.” Blake took a few steps backward and was no longer in the light. 
“That chip on your shoulder has gotten pretty big, pretty quick. You must be working for someone that puts a lot of confidence in you. How much is he paying you?” Kenny walked closer, passing the Stone’s light. 
“Stop right there, Kenny!” Blake backed up into the wall and waved his gun. 
“Who are you working for?” Kenny demanded, moving slowly forward. 
“Get back or I’ll shoot!” 
Kenny suddenly sprang closer and grabbed the wrist that Blake’s gun was in and twisted downward. The gun went off, but the butt of Kenny gun was already slamming into the side of Blake’s head. Blake fell to his knees and Kenny jabbed a pressure point in Blake’s gun hand, forcing him to let go of the gun. Kenny swiftly stepped to behind Blake and wrapped his left arm around Blake’s neck and lifted him to a standing position. 
“This is how it’s going to work, Blake: You’re going to tell your female friend to let Ryan go and then you’re going to tell me who you are working for and then get the heck out of here.” 
Blake groaned, but did not answer. 
“Who are you working for?” 
Blake was silent. 
“Who sent you?” 
Still nothing. 
Kenny prodded him forward towards the light and out to the stairs. Blake squirmed more fiercely as the intense light shone in his face. Kenny awkwardly walked him down to the landing a few steps down and yelled at Zorina. “Who are you working for?” 
“That’s a good one,” she yelled back. “You are funny. It doesn’t really matter to you. You just want to vent your anger. But the Sun Stones will be ours!” 
Kenny swung his leg out in front of Blake and furiously rammed it back on his knee. After the loud crack and his cry, Blake fell to the ground, landing again on his knee and causing another pain-filled yelp. Kenny bent down and put his gun to Blake’s throat. He stared up at Zorina. 
“Tell the nanos to get Ryan,” Kenny thought to Leah. 
“Bravo,” yelled Zorina. “Bravo.” 
She suddenly looked to her left and almost jumped out of her skin. The nanos raced across the field toward Ryan. Zorina bent down and threw him over her shoulder. She glanced back at Kenny and charged into the jungle as the nanos approached her position. With another word from Sarah, the nanos ran in after her. 
Leah and Sarah began climbing the stairs and quickly passed Kenny; he followed them into the altar room. They stopped just beside the beam of light and stood staring at the projected image. 
“Watch your back in there, Lincoln,” Zeck’s voice sounded again in Kenny’s ear. “Those two aren’t much more trustworthy than the last one you triumphed over in there.” 
Kenny ignored him, and continued looking at the image. Even with more time to look at it, the image still looked like a light beam being shot into the top of a waterfall. Leah whispered something to Sarah who nodded her head in agreement. Sarah whispered something back to Leah who nodded her head, whispering back. They turned toward the doorway about to walk out. 
“So, what does it mean, Leah?” asked Kenny. 
“It’s—” Leah started, but Sarah put her hand on Leah’s mouth. 
“I’m sorry, Kenny,” Sarah said regretfully, “but we can’t tell you.” 
Kenny laughed. “You mean you don’t know. Well, it looks like a waterfall to me...with some sort of laser beam or something being shot into it.” 
Sarah smiled to Leah and they giggled to each other. “It’s a waterfall, that’s for sure.” 
“Thanks for everything, Kenny. See ya,” Leah said, walking away. 
“Wait, what are you doing?” 
“We have to get the jaguar rune, duh.” 
“You’re leaving me here?” 
“You and Zeck,” said Leah brightly. “We don’t need you two now. Sorry. At least we’re not like killing you. Bye.” 
“So you are with the Brotherhood, now.”
“Look dude, my dad’s a good man, but if he gets those Stones, he’s just going to like hide them away behind lock and key or whatever. Those Stones are powerful. Sarah and I are going to use the Stones to change the world—for the better. We’re kinda like a new version of the Brotherhood. Don’t worry Kenny, I’m sure you’ll find your wife. Go find Professor. Remember his tattoo? He should be able to help you.”
Kenny stared blankly at Leah. Sarah has brainwashed her. She’s one of them.
“Kenny, like Sarah says, ‘Everyone eventually dies, but few people actually live their lives.’ I gotta make sure I actually like live my life, ya know?”
“Who are you, Leah? You’ve changed. What will your dad think?” 
Without answering, Leah turned and caught up with Sarah. Kenny heard her say, “I’ll go get the Stone from Zeck.” 
Kenny stood silently in shock, staring into the Stone’s beam of light at the door. It’s warmth was calming, but even that couldn’t warm Kenny’s heart. He couldn’t put words to his thoughts. Only one word came to mind: traitor. Leah had turned to the Brotherhood within what seemed like only minutes. In that short time she completely changed and had become the enemy. 
“Lincoln, what are you doing standing in the doorway? Is it okay to turn this thing off yet? Where’s the jaguar rune?” Kenny’s earpiece hummed with Zeck’s voice. Kenny didn’t answer. 
“Lincoln...Lincoln what happened?” 
Kenny exhaled slowly. 
“Kenny, what’s wrong?” 
Kenny finally answered, “Zeck, watch out. Leah’s coming to take the Stone from you. She’s not herself.” 
The Stone’s beam of light shut off, but the Stone’s light still shone brightly making Temple II look like a lighthouse in the dark night. After a few moments Kenny’s eyes had adjusted to the darkness immediately around him. It was a very dark night. The moon was only a crescent in the sky and very little light made it to the plaza below. Trudging down the steps, Kenny saw that Blake was no longer where he had left him. He must have crawled back to the traitorous hole he came from. I hope Zorina finishes him off. 
The nanos had not returned with Ryan and now Sarah, Leah, and the nanos had all gone away. Kenny was alone walking down the steps. He had almost forgotten about Professor’s tattoo, but now it burned at his heart. Kenny had to find Professor and find out what he knew about that tattoo. He needed to know how it connected to his wife. And maybe Professor would be able to lead him to where she was. 
Zeck met him in the Great Plaza. Zeck was still holding Amy’s Stone and Kenny was glad to see it. “What’s the clue say? Where’s the jaguar rune? Where’d those two go?”
“You didn’t give Leah the Stone?”
“Of course not, Lincoln. Just because she knows I like her she thinks she can...I mean. No, of course not. Besides, it’s yours, remember?” Smiling, Zeck held it out for Kenny. 
Kenny smiled back and gratefully took Amy’s Stone. It was exactly what Kenny needed; a kind gesture at such a time of turmoil and distrust. He held it behind his back to try to hide its light so he could see Zeck’s face better. 
“We have to follow them. What did the clue say?”
“They wouldn’t tell me. Leah is one of them now. Zeck, you’re on your own from here on out.” 
“What?” 
“I’m going to find Professor so I can find out about Amy. I’m sorry, but that’s the whole reason I came with you guys,” Kenny confessed.
“You can’t do this, Lincoln.”
“We don’t have anything to go on. It’s a dead end for us. Good luck.”
“Don’t worry, Lincoln. Lady Justice smiles down on us. Finding Leah and Sarah won’t be that hard, and we’ve got something they need. But I can’t do this by myself. I hate to admit this to you, Lincoln, but I need your help if we’re going to stop them and get the Sun Stones.”
“What do we have that they need?” asked Kenny.
Zeck slipped off his backpack. It was feminine and lined with metal studs and looked small for a man of his size. He opened it and dug through band-aids, slim-fast, makeup, and a few other items that made Kenny do a double-take.
“Uh, Zeck. You don’t have to—”
“This isn’t my stuff, Lincoln. Geez. It’s Leah’s backpack.”
He pulled out two leather pouches that Kenny recognized immediately. Leah kept the calendar rune and the Orion rune in those leather pouches. “They’ll probably be needing these to open the next door,” smiled Zeck.
“How did you get that!?”
“When she came to get the Stone, I switched ‘em.”
“And she didn’t notice?”
“Nope! It was just like taking Justice from the weak.”
“Alright! Good job, man. That’s awesome. Now they’ll have to come back and get us! Or at least come back to kill us,” exclaimed Kenny.
“It’s even better than that. Come on, we need to find a computer.”
“For what?” Kenny asked as they started walking toward the exit.
“She’s got my backpack—and my cell phone. I can track my cell phone’s location on Google. I signed up just in case my friends wanted to know where I am.”
“Do you have any friends that care where you are?”
“Funny. Anyways, we just have to track my phone and it will lead us right to the jaguar rune.”




Chapter 28

“So, I can’t find anything about a cave behind the waterfall,” Sarah explained.
“Dude, they probably just don’t know about it. I know it’s this one, because on August 13th the sun shines like right into the cave,” Leah motioned with her hand.
Sarah leafed through a resort pamphlet as Leah brushed her teeth. “I hope you’re right about the waterfall, because there’s this other one, Salto Sapo, that’s also here in Venezuela that says something about going behind the curtain of water.”
“Dude, Sarah. Don’t worry. I know it’s Angel Falls. There’s a cave back there. Like, maybe we need one of the runes to open it, but it’s there. I just don’t know what we’re going to do without Kenny’s Stone.”
“You need to learn how to seduce your enemies, Leah. He’ll do anything for you once you’ve got him interested.”
“Oh, he’s interested in me. I know that much. It’s just his little Avenger of Justice role is hard to break through.”
“Avenger of Justice?” asked Sarah.
“I know, it’s wack. He thinks he’s some sort of superhero, protector of righteousness, or something. Calls himself the Avenger. That’s why he’s always talking about the Lady of Justice and crap.” Leah shook her head in pity while Sarah laughed. Leah began laughing with her which made it harder to contain. Soon, she was laughing so hard it hurt her sides.
“Oh, ouch. That’s funny. Well, with a little practice,” said Sarah, “you’ll be able to get men to do anything for you. But that’s no matter now with those two out of the picture. I just wish we could have gotten Ryan to think like you do—sooner.”
“I know, right? It’s all good, though. There’ll be other guys for you, Sarah.”
“Someday.” Sarah thought about Ryan lying in the dirt, writhing in pain. She shuttered as she tried to imagine how that woman, Zorina, had tortured him and shot him. She hated Zorina and her traitor friend. If only Ryan were with us now, she thought.
Sarah fluffed her hotel pillow and threw back the sheets on the bed. Walking to the bathroom, she took out her tooth brush and looked at herself in the sparkling mirror. “Man, this sure is a nice hotel—well compared to the rest of what we’ve seen around here.”
“Yeah, dude.”
“The tour leaves tomorrow at nine. Breakfast at eight. Do you want me to wake you up?” Sarah asked.
“I’ll hear you get up. I’m a light sleeper.”
“Then let me say sorry right away. I’m an early bird.”
Leah shrugged, but couldn’t answer because of the toothbrush in her mouth.
Sarah lay in bed with all the lights out, trying not to think of Ryan. She rolled over, looked at the clock, and rolled back over. She looked out the large window and thought of the hot, tropical weather. “I hope it’s good weather tomorrow. They said that at this time of year, they don’t go up to Angel Falls sometimes because of the weather.”
“Dude, let’s hope it’s good. So, hey, can I see your hand? The scarred one.”
At first the question caught Sarah off guard, and her immediate reaction was anger and fear of rejection. She controlled herself and knew that it was only Leah who was asking. She felt she could share this with her. Turning on a light, Sarah put her left hand out and showed Leah the shriveled, deformed skin around her fingers and the top of her hand. She showed her the permanently black skin on her palm and the wrinkled fingernails.
“Whoa. That’s sick. Oh, sorry.”
“No, you’re right. That’s why I wear a glove over it.”
“How did that happen?”
“The first step to join the Brotherhood was a trip to a hidden cave in Cahokia, Illinois owned by the Brotherhood. It didn’t have a Sun Stone inside, but Nick said it was ‘to get a taste of what it would be like.’ He forgot to mention about the fire that guards Brotherhood doors. I was lucky it was only my hand. I just remember him looking down at me with this disappointed-father glare. It was really embarrassing. But ya know, I’m sure he did it on purpose.”
“Sorry, dude. I’m glad that idiot is dead.” Leah put her arm around Sarah and they embraced. “So anyway, your plan is to ditch the tour when they’re leaving the falls, right? Do you plan on hiding in the bushes or something?”
“Yeah, whatever is there. Why?”
“Nothing. Just making sure,” Leah said, and then smiled. “Why are you looking so dreamy-eyed? Who are you thinking about? Ryan?” she taunted.
“No! Shut up. But you like Professor,” Sarah said, laughing, as she threw the pillow at Leah. Leah dodged the pillow and threw a pillow from her bed back at Sarah. Sarah caught it along with her own pillow that Leah tossed back.
After the lights were off again and both were lying in their separate beds, Leah asked, “So do the nanos sleep?” 
“I think so,” Sarah answered, almost whispering. “Those things are weird. Sometimes they give me the creeps. The line between man and robot is kinda gray with them.”
“I know dude. It’s cool. Goodnight.” 
“Night.” 
Sarah lay awake, staring out the window. Rain started coming down, slowly, quietly. Sarah told herself that she needed to stop thinking about Ryan if they were going to be successful with their mission. She sighed one last time with his voice in her ears and then put him out of her memory. The rain came harder and the wind blew. The umbrella above the table on their porch flapped wildly in the wind. She was grateful that it was raining now, and not tomorrow. 
In her dreams, she pictured herself in the rain, enjoying its cool, reviving sensation. Suddenly she was under Angel Falls, head bowed, feeling the water stream down her body. Looking up, she saw a man approaching. He walked slowly and confidently towards her. She stepped out from under the waterfall and waited for him. 
Getting closer and closer, the man reached for something in his pocket. Sarah realized that it wasn’t who she expected. It was Nick. He was reaching for his gun. Sarah felt for hers, but it wasn’t there. She looked on the ground, but couldn’t find it anywhere. Nick was pointing at her and getting closer and closer. 
When Sarah could see down the gun’s barrel, he smiled and put his finger on the trigger. Suddenly, his phone started ringing. His shoulders sunk and he angrily told her to get her phone. 
Sarah woke up with a jerk. Leah was groaning, “Get your phone, dude.” 
Sarah looked around. It was dark. They were in the hotel still and Nick was nowhere to be seen. A phone was ringing, but Sarah didn’t recognize the ring tone. “It’s not mine. That’s yours.” 
“Uh, what? That’s not mine.” 
The phone stopped ringing, but seconds later rang again. Sarah rolled over and looked at the clock. It was 3 a.m. Sarah rolled out of bed and careened towards the sound. She followed it to Leah’s backpack on the floor near the TV. 
As she grabbed for the bag, the phone stopped ringing. Sarah waited, bent over. It didn’t make a sound. Shaking her head, she wobbled back to the bed, but before she could get there, it started ringing again. 
“Again!?” Leah moaned. “Get it!” 
Sarah grabbed the backpack and threw it on Leah’s bed. “It’s in your bag.” 
Leah sat up and groped for the zipper. The phone stopped ringing, but Leah dug through the backpack to find it. “This ain’t my phone, Sarah. Mine’s on the table, over there.” 
“It’s not mine either. See who it was.” Sarah turned on a light and both of them shielded their eyes. Adjusting to the light, Leah noticed that it wasn’t her backpack either. Sarah asked who had called, but Leah said she didn’t recognize the number. 
“Wait, this is Zeck’s bag. How’d we get this?” 
Sarah shook her head. 
Just then the phone started ringing again. Sarah jumped in surprise, but then held her heart, calming herself after she realized what it was. Leah laughed, and then got ready to answer the phone. 
“Hello?” said Leah timidly. 
“Good morning,” said the way-too-cheery voice. Sarah could hear Kenny’s voice from where she was sitting. “It’s the beginning of another beautiful day for the Brotherhood, right?” 
“Why are you calling Zeck’s phone at 3 a.m.?” 
“You have to get up pretty early to beat the Brotherhood, Leah. So I’m curious, how did you know about Angel Falls?” Leah shrugged at Sarah. Sarah shrugged back and then pointed at the backpack. 
“Why do I have Zeck’s backpack and cell phone, Kenny?” 
“You know the Avenger. He can’t keep track of his things sometimes. I’d tell you that we’d come pick it up, but—“ 
“Nice try, Kenny. I’m so not going to tell you where we are.” 
“Oh no, don’t worry. I don’t want to know that. I was just going to say that we don’t have time to pick it up. We caught the early-early tour to Angel Falls and as soon as the sun rises, we have a cave to explore.” 
“What!?” Sarah and Leah said in unison. 
“So I was just calling to ask you to hold on to the backpack for a while for us. Maybe we can do an exchange later.” 
“No way, dude. What a tool. We’re not going to exchange anything with you. And how’d you know to come here?”
Sarah was slightly surprised when she heard Leah say she wouldn’t exchange anything with them. She knew that she had influence with Leah and that she was changing Leah. She was taking her away from her father, her family, her friends. Yet Sarah didn’t realize how much and how quickly she had brought this change about until Leah said those words to Kenny with such feeling. She was truly on Sarah’s team now. Sarah thought of her eventual rise to power within the Brotherhood and now added Leah to be by her side in those aspirations. Leah will be a great ally.
Leah continued, “And I’m gonna smash his phone as soon as I hang up.”
“Okay. Well, thanks anyways,” Kenny accepted. “I guess we’ll be seeing you.” And then he hung up.
Leah looked at the display on the phone and then put her ear again to the speaker. She looked a second time at the display and then exclaimed that he hung up on her.
Sarah shook her head in disbelief. “He’s bluffing. Don’t worry about it. I’m going back to bed.”
“I don’t think he is,” said Leah.
“Well, even if he isn’t, what are they going to do? We have the runes, right? They can’t do anything until we get there.”
Leah slowly shook her head. “The runes are in my backpack, dude. They’ve got those, too.”
Sarah’s eyes popped out and her nose flared. She could feel the heat in her cheeks as she tried to control her anger. “What! They stole those, too?”
“Yeah, we’re in trouble. If we don’t get there like ASAP, they’re going to have the jaguar rune.”
“Wait, what if we let them?”
“Huh? Oh, I see. And then take it from ‘em when they get out. Yeah! That’s a great idea. Let’s totally do it.”
“Alright, well let’s not go crazy trying to beat them there, but—wait. What are the chances that there are more than one way out of the cave?”
“Oh crap, yeah. You never can tell, especially with what I’ve seen lately. Who knows?” Leah confessed.
“Well then we need to get there fast. Get ready. We can’t wait for the tour. I’ll call Mayor Elvir and have him send a helicopter to take us there.”
“Dang. I was looking forward to that breakfast, too.”

***

The helicopter approached the tallest waterfall in the world. The sun was just coming up over the horizon in the distance. Its orange light dusted the forest that stretched out below and around them like an endless painting. The water flowed wildly over the falls. Sarah remembered that the tour pamphlet said that the most water ran over it between June and August and that from December to April it was little more than a trickle because of the dry season. It was mid October and so it was in between both extremes, but Sarah thought it impossible that any more water could gush out over the cliff than what was now gushing.
The pilot motioned to another nano next to Sarah and Leah. The nano—knowing exactly what the other meant—began giving instructions to them. He told them to get in the basket that was right in front of them and that they would ease it out of the helicopter and then down to the ground.
“Alright, and then stay close,” Sarah said into her microphone. “We might need a quick evac.”
The pilot nodded and the other nano told them to step into the bucket. It was a plain, metal bucket about the size of a carnival ride. It had a thin metal platform to stand on and thin, reflective, waist-high sides.
Sarah and Leah took off their helmets and stepped into the bucket. Sarah sat down and said she wasn’t taking any chances by standing up. The nano agreed that it might be a good idea, so Leah sat cross-legged in the bucket and Sarah gripped the top rim. 
The nano easily slid the bucket to the edge of the door. Sarah’s eyes were wide and her face became pale. “Is he just going to push us out!?” She shouted. 
“Hopefully!” Leah answered. 
Just then the chains on each corner of the bucket started rising towards the boom shaft that extended out of the helicopter’s side above the door. The chains were pulled taut and then the bucket was pulled outside the helicopter. 
Sarah held on for dear life, but Leah raised her hands like a rollercoaster. The basket swung back a forth a little, but was soon stabilized. Sarah felt the bucket start dropping towards the ground. It wasn’t falling, but dropping—lowering like a fast elevator. 
Leah stood up and extended her arms, looking around at the forest. Sarah pulled herself up on her knees and looked around, holding fast to the railing. The forest was beautiful. She imagined the sound of birds chirping and insects singing, but heard none of that because of the helicopter. 
They were soon beneath the tree tops and Sarah felt like she could stand up. Leah grabbed her arm and told her to look at the monkey on a tree. Sarah didn’t see it before it was lost in the forest, but she noticed a sloth on another tree. 
From the bank of the stream to the edge of the tree line was not very wide and so tree branches scraped the bucket on its way down. They had to carefully step out of the metal bucket onto wet rocks and try not to fall in. When they were both safely on the ground and Sarah’s anxiety dropped, she grabbed her radio and told them to raise the bucket. 
“Dude, look at that! This is sweet! Look how tall that is! I can’t even see the top!” Leah yelled above the sound of the helicopter. The waterfall made a soft murmuring sound in the distance.
Sarah stared at the waterfall, following its stream of water to the ground with her gaze. They were about an hundred-yard, up-hill trek from the waterfall and Leah was practically running up the wet rocks towards it. 
The trees soon ended and grass and bushes lined the stream all the way up the hill almost to the waterfall itself. They could now move away from the stream and onto surer footing. Sarah caught up with Leah and looked up again at the waterfall. The rock walls created a slight cove in which the water fell and formed the stream.  
“I’m starting to think we should have had some of the nanos come with us.” 
“Maybe you’re right. So are you ready to get wet?” Leah bounded towards the falling water and dropped her stuff on the dry ground. 
The waterfall was now roaring, but it was a much more soothing roar than the helicopter’s. Sarah looked around at the rock cove. She didn’t see any caves. Peering through the water, she tried to see an entrance, but Leah got in the way of her vision. Leah was reveling in the water pouring down on her and beckoned for Sarah to join her.  
Just as Sarah was putting her stuff down near Leah’s and was getting ready to run under the water, she heard a faint ringing sound. It sounded like the ring tone of Zeck’s phone. She grabbed Zeck’s backpack and as she brought it closer to her ear, the ringing got louder. It was definitely his phone. She ripped it out of the backpack and looked at the phone number. Not remembering the exact phone number that called last time, she assumed it was Kenny again. We must have beaten them here! They wouldn’t get a signal in the cave. Either that or he was bluffing. 
“Hello?” she asked, hearing the waterfall both from the cell phone and from behind her. 
“Oh, it’s you. I was expecting Leah. I couldn’t tell which one of you it was from up here,” said Kenny with his annoyingly cheerful tone. 
She backed up to get away from the noise and looked up. Fluffy, white clouds hid the top of the cliff. Up in the clouds. How cliché. “Funny, Kenny. I think you’re bluffing.” 
“Tell me, Sarah. When you two saw the picture of the waterfall and instantly knew it was this one—and didn’t tell me by the way—and then you saw the light beam going into the waterfall signifying that at sunset on August 13th the sun shines right into—” 
“Is this going somewhere?” 
Leah shook herself off and walked over to Sarah. 
“Why did you guys assume that the cave was at the bottom of the waterfall?” 
Sarah was struck dumb. She looked up at the top, but of course couldn’t see anything because of the clouds. She looked at Leah, panicking. Leah eyes said she was wondering what was going on. 
“The picture clearly showed that the cave was at the top. Well, whatever. You guys didn’t need my help. But anyways, I just wanted to call and tell you that Zeck and I were just laughing and laughing when we saw you two scared to death in that bucket on your way down. We’ll talk to you later.” 
Kenny hung up before Sarah could tell him how much she hated him. She stood there, smoldering, staring at the waterfall. Leah was asking what he said, but Sarah was too mad to answer. She exhaled furiously a few times and mumbled threatenings under her breath. Finally she was able to tell Leah what Kenny had said. 
“Wait, he’s totally taunting us. He’s so bluffing. You were right,” said Leah. 
“Well, did you see a cave behind the waterfall?” 
“I wasn’t really looking. I was just enjoying it. Come on.” 
Leah grabbed Sarah with her wet hand and tugged Sarah’s arm toward the waterfall. Sarah grabbed her radio when they reached their stuff and spoke into it. “Stand by for pickup.” She put the radio down and walked to behind the water. 
There wasn’t much room between the water and the rock wall, and Sarah was still getting very wet even though she wasn’t directly underneath the stream of water. She felt along the wall and looked up and down it. Leah did the same but on the opposite side of the waterfall and they met in the middle. Leah shook her head and Sarah acknowledged that she didn’t find anything either.
When they got back to their stuff, the pilot was radioing to Sarah that he was in place and ready whenever they were. Sarah saw the metal bucket lowering toward the ground from the helicopter.
“We better get to the top fast and hopefully the nanos have climbing rope.”
“And dry clothes,” Leah commented.
Sarah smiled, shaking her head. “You’re nuts, Leah. Look at you. You’re so wet!” She took off her glove and shook the water out of it.
“You’re not very dry either,” Leah laughed.
The radio squawked, “There’s a helicopter coming straight at us! It looks like it’s trying to ram us. We have to get out of here! We’ll be back to pick you up right away.”
“What!” Sarah yelled into the radio. She looked up and saw another helicopter flying towards theirs. It was older and green and didn’t look air-worthy. It was swerving from one side to the other, but was headed right at their sleek, dark blue helicopter.
The metal bucket was being raised as they flew away to safety. The old helicopter flew past where they had been, but came back towards them and began chasing after them. It swooped and it dove and teetered from side to side, but raced after the Brotherhood’s helicopter.
“We’re going to try to make another pass at it,” sounded the radio. “We’re going to draw him over there into the clouds and swing back around. Maybe that can give us enough time to pick you up. We’ll have the bucket down for you.”
“That thing’s crazy!” Leah yelled.
“I can’t believe this. Zarahemla is getting the jaguar rune!” Sarah grabbed her hair and made a fist.
They carefully walked over to where they had gotten off the helicopter and waited. After what seemed like forever, the Brotherhood’s helicopter finally appeared out of some clouds and neared Sarah and Leah with their bucket lowering as it approached.
“Finally. Alright, let’s get ready,” said Sarah.
The helicopter slowed and the bucket was just out of reach above their heads. When it got to chest level and Leah was about to hoist herself into it, the radio squawked again. “Wait a minute, there it is again! It’s right on our tail! Don’t get in. We’ll come around again.”
Sarah ducked as the bucket flew towards her head. Leah was pushed onto her butt and slid down the wet rocks. She caught herself quickly and began laughing. Sarah couldn’t laugh. It was funny, but she was too aggravated by the rogue helicopter. It had to be Zarahemla’s.
“Don’t you have anything to shoot it out of the sky?” Sarah demanded into the radio.




Chapter 29

Kenny closed his eyes and let go with his hands. He felt himself slip downward and his heart raced uncontrollably. His eyes snapped open and his hands, which were hovering near the ledge, bolted back to their life-saving position tightly on the ledge. Kenny tried to block out Zeck’s laughter and tried to meditate. After a few moments he let go again and let the terror of the first slip pass. He had told himself that if he felt himself falling after that first slip, he would stop right there and let Zeck get the rune. Nothing happened. He didn’t slip any further; he didn’t fall. He was still alive. 
Okay. I can do this, Kenny told himself. Just then he did something that he knew he shouldn’t have done even before he did it, but still he did it: he looked down. His world spun around him as he saw the ground so far down. It was big, hard, and very far away. A chill ran down his spine and goose bumps covered his arms. Normally when dangerous things are far away one is not scared, but it was the very fact that the ground was so far away that scared Kenny almost to the point of being stiff like living rigor mortis. Quickly closing his eyes, he almost broke his neck trying to look away from the ground. 
Kenny was still hanging just inches below the cliff’s ledge. They were only a few feet away from the raging waterfall and they had to yell to each other to be heard. It was soothing for Kenny to hear the rushing water and calmed him as he focused his attention on the water. He slowly began lowering himself down the rope. 
“Hey, you had better hurry up—” Zeck started. 
“Don’t hurry me, freak,” Kenny shouted. 
“Geez. Calm down. I’m telling you that I found something.” 
Kenny stared at Zeck in awe and jealousy. Zeck made it look so easy and almost elegant. He was twenty feet under Kenny and was moving gracefully horizontally toward the waterfall. 
“Good. I saw their helicopter drop them off. They are going to find out soon that the cave isn’t where they thought it was.” 
“Why don’t you call Leah again and mess with her some more. It will be fun,” Zeck suggested. 
“Well if I tell them that it’s up here, they’ll come after us and if they have any nanos with them, we’re dead meat.” 
“Don’t worry, Lincoln. They won’t even be able to get back in their helicopter. I told Ricky Ray to buy us some time.” 
“Alright, I’ll call.” 
After talking to Sarah, Kenny watched as Ricky Ray’s helicopter held the Brotherhood at bay by threatening to ram them. Laughing out loud, Kenny looked at Zeck who was already moving towards the waterfall again. “Man, you are going to get soaking wet,” Kenny laughed. 
“No, look. There is space behind it. Come on down here. You haven’t even moved yet.” Kenny had forgotten—however briefly—that he was hanging by a rope off the edge of a 3,200 foot high cliff. He forgot that he was scared for life, but Zeck had kindly reminded him with his invitation to move downward.
“No, that’s okay. I’m safer up here.” 
“Actually, if you fall from there, E.T., it’s even worse. You’re higher up. You’ll be like a—” 
“For crying out loud, shut up. I get the point. I’m coming down,” Kenny exclaimed. Kenny started trembling again. I was fine right here. Then Avenger over here had to make me move. If I fall, I’m going to kill him. He put his feet on the wall and hands on the rope and leaned back. Trying to remember how Zeck had told him to move slowly downward, his hand slipped and he zoomed down several feet with his breath caught in his chest and his stomach in his throat. He frantically grabbed the rope to stop himself. 
“Nice of you to join me,” Zeck laughed. “Now does that look like it could be a cave to you?” 
Panting, Kenny tried to think clearly, “I can’t tell. We need to get closer.” 
“Right there is good place to put your foot and then you can grab that rock there with your right hand.” Zeck showed Kenny how to get to where he was. Kenny hated that Zeck saw him scared like that, but he was not going to risk his life to act brave.  
When Kenny was close enough, Zeck moved forward. Kenny thought he heard Zeck saying something, but they were too close to the falls now. Kenny moved slowly onward. Zeck was right; there was a space between the water and the cliff, but the whole cliff side was wet and slippery. This is going to be impossible. Why water? “Why did they have to put a cave at the top of a waterfall? It’s impossible to get to!” shouted Kenny to no one. 
Zeck was right under the cascading water. His foot slipped and when he grabbed at a good place to hold on to with his left hand, it slipped too. His right foot slid down the wall. Zeck looked up calmly as if he weren’t aware that he had no sure footing and that he was about to slip off the face of the cliff, and he skillfully found a spot for his left hand. Regaining his footing he looked at Kenny, exhaled, and continued forward. After a few seconds, he had disappeared into the wall. 
“Whoa, you were right,” Kenny said out loud. “He found it.”  
Tying off the ropes on a rock inside the cave, Zeck started down the tunnel. Kenny took out Amy’s Stone and felt it’s warm, soothing light. He quickly caught up to Zeck and congratulated him for finding the cave. 
The cave was very wet and curvy. Little insects lined the walls and Kenny spotted a bird’s nest in one of the many crevices. After a few yards, the cave transformed into a steep downward climb into darkness. The roaring of the waterfall was only a soft whisper and there weren’t any more insects in sight. The tunnel curved slightly to the left and seemed to spiral downward like a castle tower’s stairwell. 
After several minutes of silent walking, the tunnel leveled out very suddenly and abruptly. The tunnel was now perfectly flat and straight almost like the tunnels of the maze in Teotihuacan. Kenny could see the end of the tunnel and the door. Several feet in front of the door, there was a large, open pit and far down below there was a pool of water of which Kenny could not see the bottom.
In the middle of the pit and at the same level as the ground on which they stood were two large, round stone slabs that were each suspended from the ceiling by a single rope. The edges of the stone slabs lay only feet from each ledge of the pit. The slabs spun and swayed slightly and the ropes creaked with such a soft, eerie sound that it gave Kenny goose bumps. Kenny looked at Zeck, who was staring back at him in disbelief. They both seemed to silently say to each other, “We have to cross that hole on those old things?”
“Alright, Kenny, I’m going first.”
“Are you sure? That thing is way older than I am. I don’t think it’s safe. Do you?”
“Of course not, but we don’t have much time.”
Zeck stood a moment looking at the large stone slab, and then leapt onto it. As he landed, the slab sank quickly toward the water below. The one next to it floated skyward as quickly as the first one had dropped. The slab that Zeck jumped onto stopped abruptly and Zeck nearly fell off as it teetered back and forth. He clung onto the rope with one hand and pulled himself to where he could grab it with both hands.
Kenny stood helplessly on the side of the pit watching his friend dangle and nearly fall to his death. When Zeck was stable, Kenny yelled down to him, “Are you okay? You’re definitely too far down to jump back up.”
“I’m fine. It looks like these two are on some sort of pulley. When one goes up the other, um, obviously comes down.”
“Well, this other one is too high for me to get on,” Kenny pondered.
“I saw some heavy-looking rocks up there. I bet they were put there to use as weights. Throw some up there and maybe you can lower it enough to get on.”
“I don’t think that will work, because—”
“Just try it, old man.”
Putting the Sun Stone on the ground, Kenny picked up one of the rocks and thought that it must have weighed about 50 pounds. This isn’t going to do anything. He hoisted it on to his shoulder and flung it up towards the stone slab that hung about ten feet above the ground. Just as Kenny expected, the rock hit the slab, teetered it to one side and slid off and down to the water below.
“Alright, you were right,” conceded Zeck. “Here, I’ve got some rope in my backpack. Here catch.”
Kenny pulled Zeck up over the ledge. “How much do you weigh?”
“You’re funny. So I figure that if we jump at the same time, we can make it across.”
“Agreed.”
On the count of three, Kenny and Zeck leapt from the ledge to the hanging stone slabs. Kenny landed well but frantically grabbed for the rope as he felt the slab tilting toward the murky water below. Balancing his weight in the center, he looked at Zeck who was laughing.
“You weren’t much better your first time.”
Continuing to laugh, Zeck said, “You’re right. You probably did better.”
Kenny shook his head and sighed. “Are you ready to jump, or are you going to stand there laughing all day?”
The next jump took precision and balance. The stone slab tilted down with every movement that wasn’t in the center. Zeck again counted to three and Kenny knew he wasn’t ready when three came, but jumped nonetheless. When he finally opened his eyes, he was safely on the other side, standing on his feet. Okay, that wasn’t so bad.
The door was now just a few yards in front of them and Kenny’s heart beat faster and faster. “I can’t wait to get out of this cave. Let’s go,” he said. Suddenly Zeck halted to a stop and Kenny turned to look at him in wonder. Before Kenny got a word out of his mouth, he saw that Zeck was look at something on the ground, and then knew immediately why it had stopped him. Kenny took a step back and covered his mouth.
“What in the Sam Hill? How do you think they died?” Kenny asked. 
“I don’t want to think about it,” Zeck answered. 
The air was still damp from the waterfall—although Kenny couldn’t hear it at all—but reeked of rotten eggs and gun powder. They stood there looking down at the bones of two persons who had died stretched out on the ground. They were lying on their bellies and their arms were stretched towards Kenny as if they had been reaching for something when they died. A third one lay beside them curled into the fetal position. 
“I don’t want to end up like those guys,” Kenny croaked. Zeck responded without comfort that they wouldn’t end up like the people who died there. Zeck looked for a few moments at the bodies as if praying, and then looked forward, at the end of the tunnel. 
“This is it, Lincoln. We made it.” 
Kenny saw the familiar door-opening device along the right wall. In front of them was a bare wall with the rectangular shape of a door etched into the rock. The smell of sulfur and gun powder was overpowering and Kenny felt like his head was swimming. “This can’t be good for us.” 
Zeck took off his backpack and pulled out two energy bars. He handed one to Kenny who took it eagerly and gobbled it up. Kenny thanked him and told him to open the door. 
Zeck placed the calendar rune in the mechanism and pushed the circle into the wall. The door began opening with its already familiar grinding sound. Suddenly, the sound of a small muffled explosion came from inside the room and then flames flared at the doorway. The fire was less than a foot away from Kenny and both he and Zeck fell to the ground crying out from the surprise and painful heat of the flames. Kenny covered his head with his arms which bore the searing heat of the flame. He army crawled away as fast as he could but the heat only seemed to get closer. The picture of the bones of the dead people flashed into his mind as he felt his body being consumed in the fire. His legs seemed to melt and his back flared with pain. 
He heard Zeck’s voice screaming something above the roar of the flames and then a foot shoved into his side and flipped him over onto his stomach. 
“Roll. Roll!” He finally made sense of what Zeck was saying. Kenny reacted and desperately rolled from stomach to back and again to his stomach several times. He rolled faster and faster with every turn. 
After what seemed like whole minutes of agony and burning torture, the flames were smothered out. The fire from the door stopped. Kenny rolled over to his back and rested his head on the hard, dirty ground. He didn’t care how hard or dirty it was. He rested. He breathed in and out, slowing his panting. The burning feeling didn’t stop. His legs and back flared with pain. He closed his eyes and began his meditation routine. He controlled the pain, but could not forget it. After a moment he looked up at Zeck who was squatting near him looking at the floor. Kenny sat up. 
“You all right, E.T.?” 
“Yeah. Thanks to you.” He paused for a moment and got to his feet. Zeck stood up and looked at Kenny’s uniform. It was black and charred in the back, but Zeck said that it didn’t look too bad.  
“Maybe it doesn’t look too bad, but it sure hurts like the devil!” Kenny paused. “Well, now we know how those people died.” 
Zeck’s white uniform—now almost black from the dirt and flames—and backpack were singed in the back, but he seemed unaffected. “Case closed,” he agreed. He picked up Amy’s Stone that had fallen to the ground. He brushed it off and then rubbed his hands all around it. “Still smooth and cool.” He handed it to Kenny. 
“Let’s get that jaguar, uh.” 
They cautiously entered the room and looked for signs of fire or other booby traps. “This must have been a Brotherhood hideout. I guess they didn’t want people finding their secrets or at least leaving alive with them.” Kenny thought everything looked suspicious. The room looked nothing like the room in Copan except its shape and size. The walls were lined with shrines on top of which sat gold statues of animals and people or gods. There were pots and vases on the floor surrounding the several shrines. Necklaces of beads and precious stones hung on the necks of the statues and on the shrines themselves. After the smoke and fire smell faded away, the air smelled almost too strong of sweet perfume. The room gave Kenny a deep creepy feeling, like the feeling that someone or something was behind him or watching him. The whole time he was in the room he couldn’t shake the dark feelings even though he was holding one of the Sun Stones in his hand.
They walked around the room looking at each of the shrines. The one right across from the door and the biggest one was the jaguar. On the shrine in front of the golden statue were several stones in the shape of a jaguar and about the same size as the other runes they had found. Some were made of jade, one was black and glossy like obsidian, another was blue like aquamarine, and others were plain, dull rock. 
“So which one is the one we want, oh fearless leader?” Kenny asked. 
“Well, the calendar rune is jade, the Scorpius rune is sapphire, and Orion is aquamarine. All of them are different. I don’t see any pattern to it, so if we’re trying to collect all four we still need the obsidian rune.” 
“Why don’t we take them all just in case?” 
“Our backpacks are basically useless now because of the fire damage. We don’t have room for all of them, Lincoln.” 
“Well if you’re wrong, you’re coming back here, climbing under that waterfall, jumping past the scale of doom and dodging that blazing fire all by yourself to get the rest of these.” 
“Fair enough. Let’s pray that Justice is smiling upon us.” 
Kenny shook his head as they walked out, but stopped short of the door. Two shrines to the right of the door he saw something that caught his eye. It was an ugly, gold statue of a crocodile and above it scratched into the wall was a picture of the Aztec calendar stone. Kenny held up Amy’s Stone above his head so the light was directly on the picture. 
“We probably don’t have much time, Lincoln. What is it?” Zeck had turned back and was looking at the statue. 
“Vinny’s father knew Mantis and gave him the Stone to hide it. Vinny’s father was from Zarahemla. Here at a Brotherhood-controlled, secret shrine there is a picture of Amy’s tattoo right above a statue of the animal that not only is the only one of a different color on her tattoo, but also the one that signifies August 13th which we seem to have been chasing this whole trip. And Professor, who isn’t with either the Brotherhood or Zarahemla also had an identical tattoo. What in the world does that mean? They are all connected somehow, but I can’t see how.” 
“I have an idea: you can think about it on the way back to Mexico.” 
Kenny put his hands on his hips and tried to connect the pieces in his head. Before he could concentrate for long, Zeck had grabbed his arm and started pulling him towards the door. Kenny resisted at first, but then willingly left the room. Zeck put the calendar rune back into the mechanism and closed the door. As they passed the dead bodies, Kenny shuddered and remembered that his back still felt burnt and painful. 
There was little conversation on the way back up the arduously steep climb. This time, however, the silence was different. It wasn’t an awkward silence. It wasn’t like other times that they had been silent when they were alone. There was no pride, distrust, disrespect, or anger. Kenny no longer refused to make conversation with a creature such as The Avenger. There was a certain noticeable respect floating in the air. Kenny couldn’t deny that it felt like mutual acceptance or maybe even trust.  
The roar of the water signaled that they had made it to the mouth of the cave. Drawing near, Kenny put the Stone in his backpack. Zeck told him to call Ricky Ray, but there was no signal. Kenny said he would try again when they got back up to the top of the cliff. As the words escaped his mouth, he realized that they had to climb back out from under the waterfall, onto the rock face, and up to the top. His whole body shook as the realization spread. 
He must have mentally blocked this obvious fact so that he could focus on what they had been doing, but he could no longer focus on anything but his fear. His mind frantically searched for alternatives, but finally landed on the fact that there was none. It was this or spend a life of solitude in a cave unknown to most of the human population. Even though he wondered what it would be like to be a hermit, he knew he must climb out. Finding the Sun Stones depended on it. Finding Amy depended on it. 
Zeck was at the cave’s mouth, letting the water flow through his fingers. “Amazing how high this thing is. Imagine how far this water falls before it hits the ground and then plop.” Zeck used his hands to illustrate the water’s demise at the bottom. 
“You’re not helping, Zack.” 
“It’s Ze—” 
“I know, I know. You’re probably going to want dry hands for this.” Kenny pointed out to where they would climb back to the top. 
“You sound nervous,” he laughed. “Let’s trade harnesses. Yours got pretty burnt. We don’t want to take any chances.” 
Kenny was taken aback. “You would do that? For me?” 
“You’re part of the team. Of course I would. Heck, you’re pretty much the whole team right now.” Zeck popped his knuckles and reached for Kenny’s harness that Kenny was dangling in front of him.
They hooked themselves up to the ropes and Kenny tried to meditate before taking the plunge. He pictured Amy smiling as she walked toward him in a sunny meadow. She hugged him and kissed his cheek. Whispering in his ear to be brave and do it, her image disappeared. Kenny exhaled bravely and grabbed the rope with both hands. 
His feet left the ground and the water splashed all over his face as he crashed through the water, parallel to the cliff face. A split second after his feet left the cave’s mouth, he realized how crazy it was. He swung out back into the light of day. He looked downward as he swung in mid air and feeling the extreme height, clutched the rope tighter, his knuckles already white. Frantically grabbing for any rock that would stop his swinging, he scraped his hands on two rocks before finally grabbing one and stopping his momentum. He had not been able to breathe since his feet left the ground, but now he let out a hurried breath and looked down again. 
The same feelings came rushing back to him and he felt the fear-induced rigor mortis start to set in starting at his hands and legs. He told himself not to look down again, and tried to forget the huge, hard ground as he watched Zeck swing out from under the waterfall. 
Zeck’s swing out of the cave came very close to Kenny before he started back towards the cave. He had a smile on his face and was enjoying the whole ride. In the slight moment before he began to swing back toward the cave, he grabbed on to the rock. As he was placing his feet, the harness snapped with a blood-curdling pop. Zeck had one foot and one hand on the cliff and the rest of his limbs dangled in the air. Kenny’s blood ran cold as he felt helpless and at the same time terrified of moving. Zeck’s foot that was dangling slipped as it searched for sure footing and he grabbed for the rope with one hand. The other hand’s grip on the rock was slipping before he got a grip on the rope. 
Kenny was looking down at the horrible scene wishing he could help, but at the same time not wanting to move for fear of falling himself. 
Then, without knowing how it had happened, his hand reached down and grabbed Zeck’s slipping hand. Kenny was astonished at the sight of his own hand grabbing Zeck’s, but once he got a hold on his wits, he began pulling Zeck upward. His grip tightened on his own rope and his feet dug into the rocks. Zeck grabbed the rope with his right hand and stabilized himself on the rock wall.
Zeck exhaled dramatically. “Thanks. I owe you one.”
“Let’s call it even,” suggested Kenny.
They turned their attention back to the cliff and started climbing. Kenny looked down again. He knew he shouldn’t have, but he did anyway. A chill went down his spine again as he noticed the ground. His world spun, his vision blurred, and goose bumps ran up and down his arms as he tried to focus.
Regaining his composure, he suddenly thought about Leah and Sarah. He didn’t hear either helicopter over the sound of the waterfall, but thought they must have at least made it to the cliff and landed by now. They would be waiting for them at the top, he told himself, but at least they hadn’t cut the ropes yet. He still had hope.
Zeck shouted to Kenny over the roar of the water to hurry up. Kenny looked up. He was twenty feet from the top. He closed his eyes and relaxed. He felt the wind pass through his hair. The loud roar of the water transformed into the soothing ebb and flow of ocean waves. He thought he heard an eagle high in the air. His heart slowed and his muscles relaxed. The throbbing of the burns on his back slowed to a massaging pulse. 
Kenny opened his eyes and climbed to the top with determination. A triumph. His ego soared and a smile crossed his face. I did it despite my fear, he thought. He pulled himself over the edge and brushed himself off as he stood up. 
What he saw when he looked up sucked out the feeling of triumph and success. His flame of hope was snuffed out quicker than a candle being blown out when a speeding train passes by. His shoulders sunk and the smile disappeared.
“More of these things?” Kenny raised his voice to be heard over the waterfall. Three men stood in front of them in an orderly formation. He recognized the camouflaged uniforms and the zombie-like stares. They were nanos and this time Kenny knew he couldn’t just walk by as they stood motionless. They were sent for him and Zeck.
Kenny reached for his gun. It wasn’t at his belt. His mind went back to where he had last seen it. He quickly remembered that he had put it in his backpack. In the corner of his eye, on the ground, he saw a granola bar. He glanced down and saw his Ruger and Amy’s Stone. Oh no! It fell out! Zeck was right. My backpack is broken.
Zeck had already shot at one of the nanos and Kenny didn’t take notice if he had killed it. Instead, he had bent down to grab his Stone and—if he had time—the pistol, too. After feeling the smooth Stone in his hands once again and just as his fingers were touching the metal of the gun, he heard a helicopter approaching quickly. He lifted the gun blindly to his target and let a bullet fly. The nano—which had advanced too close for comfort—dodged and reached for the Stone in Kenny’s other hand.
It had a firm grip on his wrist, but Kenny was determined not to let Amy’s Stone fall into the hands of the Brotherhood. The barrel of his gun pressed briefly against the back of the nano’s wrist before he pulled the trigger. The nano only recoiled momentarily, but didn’t even grab its wrist in pain. Kenny could not believe that the bullet wound didn’t even seem to faze it. It advanced again, but this time went for Kenny’s gun. Kenny moved the hand with the gun out of the nano’s reach and swung at the nano’s head with his other hand.
A helicopter flew to the cliff’s edge high in the air, but Kenny didn’t take the time to see if it was Ricky Ray or the Brotherhood. He prayed it wasn’t more nanos. Zeck grunted and cried out in pain, but Kenny couldn’t see what was happening because the nano’s fist crashed into his face. 
Kenny’s fall onto the rock ground was sudden and painful. Before he knew what was happening, his gun was striped from his hands. As he got to his feet, a knee jammed into his stomach. He couldn’t breathe for several seconds and as he tried to get breath into his lungs, an elbow hit the side of his head.
He got quickly to his feet, but not because of his own strength; he was being forcefully picked up. The nano held him in an embarrassingly full nelson while another pried Amy’s Stone from his hand. Kenny couldn’t see well out of his left eye and wanted nothing else but to lay down on the ground and act like he were asleep until the nanos had finished their work. Kenny’s only hope was that Zeck had finished off the nano he was fighting and was now coming to rescue Kenny, but looking to his right quickly, he noticed that Zeck was next to him in similar conditions and all hope of escape or rescue drained out of his figure.
 A familiar metal bucket hit the ground with a loud clank several yards away. The sound of the metal hitting rock struck a sudden fear into Kenny. He had hoped that somehow Ricky Ray was the one flying overhead and that he was going to drop all three nanos with a weapon hidden in his helicopter, but alas as the metal against rock sounded in Kenny’s ear, that extra reserve tank of hidden hope was expelled and he truly saw no way out.
Sarah had been merciful last time, but Kenny expected none this time. And he expected Leah to be as cold-hearted as her mentor. 
Looking at Amy’s Stone one last time, he tried to reach out to her and apologize for failing. He thought that if he had another chance he would find her and save her. Just then a surge of survival instinct enraged his whole body and he was determined to break free. I’m not done yet, he told himself. I will fight to the end for you, Amy.
The helicopter flew higher into the air, presumably so that Kenny and Zeck would be able to hear their impending doom. Sarah’s cruel laugh approached on the side from which Kenny was unable to see well. As Leah came into view, Kenny could see her smug grin followed by Sarah’s blatantly happy smile that was worse than a slap in the face. Their hair was wet and he knew they had been searching for the cave under the waterfall, but Kenny wasn’t able to even laugh within himself.
“I knew you were evil!” Zeck declared. “Leah, you’ve brought us all under damnation.”
They laughed.
“I’m not evil, Zeck. You’ve still got me all wrong. If I were evil, I would order the nanos to kill you right now, but I don’t want to kill you. I just want to stop you from getting the Sun Stones. It’s like a friendly competition. I just want to beat you, to win. Besides, you’re not the real Zarahemla, anyway.” 
Sarah put on an odd pair of dark glasses and walked over towards the nano that was holding Amy’s Stone. She held it in her gloved hand and stared closely at it, examining every inch. Kenny couldn’t believe she was able to look right at it without going blind. He assumed the glasses somehow blocked enough of its light to let her see it and was amazed that anything was able to block its light.
“It’s an amazing thing, isn’t it, Leah?” Sarah mused. “How does it work, I wonder? This magnificent light. And what great things can be done with sixteen of them together?” 
“We could like solve the world’s energy problems and totally save the planet,” Leah added. 
“Yes. And we only need 13 more.” She paused. “Why such a confused look, Kenny? Did I forget to mention that the Brotherhood and I already found two elsewhere? Silly me, I always forget to mention the details. Oh well.”
After Sarah was done examining the Sun Stone, she placed it in Leah’s hands and taking off the glasses, took the jaguar rune from the nano that was holding Zeck. Zeck struggled to break the nano’s grip, but the nano hit Zeck in the back of the head with its own head. Zeck groaned and recoiled downward, but the nano pulled him to his feet.
“Thank you, Zeck, for going down there and getting this for us frail women. You’re such a gentleman. And now that we have this, our next stop is Mexico. Teotihuacan; that is how you say it, isn’t it Kenny? I thought so. Bye for now. Maybe we’ll see you there, but hopefully not.” The helicopter returned at dropped the metal lift bucket again.
Sarah and Leah laughed heartily as they walked back toward the metal bucket. Kenny knew his time was now. He wriggled fiercely with everything he had left in him to get free. He tried dropping to the ground, but the nano held him tightly. Kicking and writhing he felt the nano’s grip slipping. His strength was waning and he knew he only had seconds to escape. 
He heard Leah’s voice with a dark tone. “Nanos, stop playing with them and let’s go.” 
Kenny gathered everything that he had left and exploded his arms outward as he kicked violently. He felt freedom for a hair of a second and then a crushing blow to his chest and another to his legs. His knees crashed into the ground with sickening crunches. Just then he felt and then heard a crack from the back of his head and he saw the ground flying quickly towards his face. And then darkness.




Chapter 30

Kenny’s head throbbed. He felt his brain pounding against his skull. As the rest of his body came into his conscious, he felt his swollen eye, bruised ribs, burning ab muscles, and his stinging knee. Finally opening his one eye but leaving his head resting on the ground, he saw the cliff edge and an open sky in front of him. Footsteps stumbled around him. Kenny peeled his cheek off the hard rock and slowly brushed the pebbles off his skin. Rolling over and painfully sitting up, he was relieved to see that the footsteps were Zeck’s. 
“You made it, huh?” Zeck said in a raspy whisper. 
Kenny nodded, still looking at the ground. “How long have you been awake?” 
Zeck cleared his throat, but still spoke with the raspy voice. “Not long. Lady Justice was kind to us. We could have not woken up at all.” 
“Yeah,” Kenny coughed up some blood and wiped it from his mouth with his sleeve. He didn’t have the will or energy to say anything to Zeck at the moment, but inside he was thinking that Lady Justice did nothing to help them at all. “So what do we do now?” 
“I can’t get a hold of Ricky Ray. I used your cell phone, but he’s not answering.” Zeck painfully sighed as he stretched. “Vinny hasn’t heard from him either.” 
“Looks like he couldn’t slow down time enough to escape the Brotherhood,” Kenny chuckled. His ribs hurt immediately and so he quickly stopped laughing. “Did they take everything?” 
“They forgot one rune.” 
Kenny perked up, “That’s great. They can’t get the—” 
“It’s the scorpion rune. The one they don’t need.” 
Kenny’s shoulders dropped in defeat. Looking again at the ground, he slowly shook his head. We have to get to the Stones before they do. There has to be something we can do. 
“Lincoln, if you want to give up, now would be a good time. There’s no way we can get to Mexico before they find the Sun Stones. I don’t know how you’ll get back to Guatemala, but I’ll tell Vinny that you served us well.” 
Pain splintered through Kenny’s leg starting at his knee as he stood up. He gritted his teeth and turned to Zeck. “Oh no, Avenger of Justice, we’re not giving up now. Ryan still needs rescuing and they’re not getting the rest of the Sun Stones.”
“We’ve got nothing, Lincoln. We have no way to get there, and they’ve got all the runes, your Stone, and nanos.” 
“You’re right, but there’s two people in this world that pack enough fire power to take out those nanos and maybe put the ball back in our court.” 
Zeck cleared his throat again and was finally able to return his voice back to normal. “You can’t be suggesting what I think you are.” 
“Yes, sir. We call up Blake and Zorina and make a deal with them. If Zorina and Sarah don’t wipe each other out, then we just have whoever wins to worry about.” 
“That bump on your head must have done some damage to your gray matter, old man. You’re talking about making a deal with vile mercenaries who—don’t forget—have been starving Ryan to death and Goodness knows what other inhumanities they’ve done to him.” 
“It’s our only chance.” 
It was just after mid-day and Kenny felt suddenly thirsty. His body begged for food and water. The wind started blowing and he looked high into the sky at the sun. Thick, dark clouds threatened on all sides and as far as Kenny could see they covered the rain forest below them. Rain was coming and they had to find shelter. 
“No, Lincoln. You’re crazy all of a sudden. We’re not going to call them—” 
“I’m not asking you to. We’re going to. Where’s my headband?” asked Kenny. 
“Headband? Your psy-gear got busted when we got the trash kicked out of us.” 
Kenny snatched Zeck’s headband that was lying on the ground before Zeck could oppose. He put it on, turned on the transmitter and thought to Blake. “Blake. Blake. Where are you? This is Kenny.” 
Zeck shook his head, folded his arms defiantly, and walked toward the cliff to look at the view. 
Blake didn’t answer for several minutes. Suddenly a computer simulation of his angry voice sounded into the ear piece. It was obvious that he didn’t want to be helpful. “What do you want, you alien freak?....No I’m not with Ryan right now. I’m sitting in a wheel chair....I have an appointment with the doctor in two days for reconstructive surgery on my knee!....Oh, and I found your little robot pet. When I saw you at Tikal I thought it was odd that it wasn’t with you....yeah, yeah I’ll send it along with Zorina when she picks you up....oh, and Kenny, I hope you get what you deserve.”
Kenny took off his headband and exhaled. “I’ve never had a mental fight like that.” Zeck turned around and looked at Kenny, arms still folded. Kenny laughed, “It hurts to think.” Zeck’s arms dropped and he chuckled with Kenny. 
“Is he coming?” 
“Worse. She is coming. But she is bringing Ryan and Sparrow to trade.” 
“To trade?” asked Zeck confused. 
“She thinks we’re giving her the Sun Stones.”

***

They flew a helicopter to a hangar and hopped in Zorina’s business jet. It was a small thing that barely accommodated two people, never mind holding four. The space behind the seats was intended for luggage or other small cargo, but not for people. There were no seats back there. Zeck and Ryan refused to sit in front with Zorina, so Kenny sat nervously and uncomfortably beside the silent woman. She sat slumped forward, arms folded, head back, and eyes closed. The fact that she wasn’t steering—or even watching the control panel—was what truly made Kenny nervous. 
Everything of Zorina’s was black, perfectly waxed, and flew itself. In the hangar before they had gotten into the plane, Kenny noticed the SUV from Tikal and a black Mercedes that both probably drove themselves, too. Kenny knew that whoever she was working for had money. And he was way ahead of the curve technologically. Not even the once mighty Friends of Zarahemla now compared to this mercenary’s technological prowess.
Kenny looked backward at Ryan. He was passed out in an awkward position on the floor with his emaciated face against the wall. Zeck had given him the last of his granola bars and although Kenny was glad that Ryan finally ate something, Kenny’s stomach was arming a mutiny to obtain food. Ryan had been overjoyed to see them both—well chuffed, as he put it—but whispered that this time they had better rescue him right. His injured leg didn’t look like it had been cared for, and he walked with a painful limp. 
Ryan had presented Kenny with Sparrow and promised that it still worked. He had said he didn’t let Blake touch it. Kenny was glad to have it back on the team. He had missed it. Thinking of the danger he had put it in, he planned on giving it some sort of defense mechanism the next time he got a chance to work on it. I’ll have to tell Bulldog to put it on the list of improvements. 
Looking forward at the clouds and sky, Kenny was awed by the fact that they didn’t have to do anything and this airplane would land them safely at their destination. He looked again at Zorina and felt his body’s fatigue. He closed his eyes, but could not doze off. Because of the burns on his back and legs which were still tender, sitting in the seat was uncomfortable and even painful. He tried to relax and find a comfortable position, but was unsuccessful.
“Hey, Zeck,” he whispered. 
“Yeah?”
“You’re not a sleep either, huh?” 
“Nope. I don’t plan to as long as we’re 10,000 feet in the air in something owned and controlled by that woman.”
Kenny laughed to himself.
Zeck continued, “Hey, what do you think Sarah meant when she said that we aren’t the real Zarahemla?”
“She’s just trying to put doubts in our head.”
“I hope you’re right, Lincoln.”
“Me, too. Hey, when you talked to Vinny, did you ask him if Leon could meet us there in Mexico? We’re pretty outnumbered and one more could really help.”
“He said that Leon’s leg wasn’t ready for action. It’s too bad, because you’re right: we could really use him. But I told Vinny that he has no idea what kind of a daughter he has.”
Kenny laughed as best as he could, considering the burns.
Time passed quickly and suddenly the plane spoke, “Initiate descent.” It aimed downward and started diving steeply. It dropped below the clouds and Kenny saw the ground racing towards them. Zeck slammed into the back of Kenny’s seat and Ryan was startled awake as he crashed into Zorina’s seat. Zorina hadn’t moved and was calmly sleeping, her breath slow and relaxed.
Kenny felt the weightlessness pulling him out of his seat, but held on for his life. His stomach floated up his throat and he remembered his last roller coaster experience. As the ground came closer and closer, Kenny asked Zeck what would happen if the plane just kept going like this. Zeck responded that it was obvious, but that he would rather not say it at the moment. 
No sooner had Zeck finished, than the plane began leveling out and slowly glided toward a distant landing strip. The landing was amazingly smooth and Zorina didn’t wake up until the plane had come to a stop in the hangar. When she did wake up, she calmly got up and explained that she had to get permission from this cell of her network for the next leg of the trip. 
When she returned she only popped open the door and demanded them to leave her plane. They walked over to a black helicopter just like the first one and were told that Teotihuacan was only twenty miles away. The sun began setting as the helicopter lifted off the pad. Kenny looked into the distance, trying to plan their next move. 




Chapter 31

Leah awkwardly shook Mayor Elvir’s hand. Sarah beamed with pride as she praised Leah’s conversion and efforts thus far. Obviously expecting something different, Mayor Elvir lied that he was glad to have a new, faithful member on the team. He held out his hand for the Sun Stone that Leah was holding behind her back to block the light. Sarah refused and said that Leah could take care of it until they got the rest.
The sun was setting and all the tourists and vendors had left long ago. A cool breeze blew across Sarah’s face, bringing the still present smell of pastries to her nose. Orange, almost red, beams of light shone between the pyramids and disappeared behind distant mountains. 
Sarah looked at Mayor Elvir’s three nanos and told herself that half of a dozen nanos would be plenty. The nanos were told to keep watch outside, and the three of them entered the caverns beneath the Temple of the Sun. 
They found their way to the secret door and opened it with the calendar rune. Mayor Elvir staggered back in amazement as the large stone door slid open. He stood in awe and mumbled an apology to Sarah for not believing her. 
“I came here with the intention to prove you wrong and stop you from wasting the Brotherhood’s resources, but I must say that this is simply remarkable. How is it possible that all this time the Brotherhood has known nothing of this place?” He continued with his awe-filled remarks for several minutes as they entered the secret tunnels. He talked about the amazing engineering of this secret tunnel and how ingenious it was for them to hide the Sun Stones in such a place. He mused about the detailed architecture that made up the maze’s walls and intersection rooms. 
As they walked deeper into the maze, Sarah got more and more annoyed by this man’s obvious gift of gab. She told herself to just be patient for a little longer and she would be rid of him. Leah glanced over at Sarah every few minutes and with her eyes asked if it was time to do what they had planned. Sarah would discreetly shake her head, telling her to wait a little longer. She wanted to make sure that they were very far into the maze before leaving the man, but he quickly wore on her. Her blood surged and she didn’t want to wait any longer. She had had enough of his mouth, but she made herself wait. 
She pictured the old man wandering in the dark, alone after they had already left him, and suddenly felt a shot of pain for the gentleman. She saw his kind eyes almost in tears hoping that someone would help him. Her heart began to feel for the old man. She thought, maybe he will be useful in the future. Maybe we can keep him around on conditions of his life and make him do our bidding. We’ll make him our slave. He could help us ascend the Brotherhood. Sarah contemplated her mercy for the man and saw the possibility of his future working for them. 
At that moment she realized what she was thinking and her heart closed completely. She laughed to herself at her mental picture of him crawling alone in the dark. The pain on his face pleased her, intoxicated her. She knew he would be of no use to them in the future, and if not taken care of now he would be a hindrance to her ascent within the Brotherhood. He will not get in my way, she resolved. He will not leave this cave. She pondered how she could make his lonely, forthcoming journey more painful.
When there was finally a moment of silence from the Mayor, Sarah stopped and told them to rest a minute and for Mayor Elvir to sit. Mayor Elvir said he didn’t need to sit, but was grateful for the break. He was breathing heavily and sweating even worse. The look in Leah’s eyes was like a racecar in neutral, waiting for the green flag. 
Sarah approached her and flashed her a quick smirk. “Are you sure we’re going the right way?” 
Leah smiled. “Yeah, dude, way sure. We’re on the right path.” 
“Is it far?” the Mayor asked. 
“Well, this is only my second time, so like, I really don’t know, sir. But we shouldn’t be too far, ya know? And this is totally faster than the first time we came down here.” Leah forced a laugh. 
“We should probably hurry though, right Leah?” 
“Probably, dude. Hey, I’ll race you to the next intersection!” Leah shouted enthusiastically. 
“Okay!” Sarah took off down a tunnel, the Sun Stone’s light behind her shaking up and down. She heard Leah’s footsteps close behind her, and Mayor Elvir’s plea for them to slow down. Sarah sped up and flew around a corner and into the intersection. She looked down a tunnel to the left, but ran right. Leah was right behind her. 
“I hope you don’t get us lost, Sarah.” 
Sarah laughed and turned another corner. They came to another intersection and stopped, gasping for breath. After long seconds they heard the echoes of Mayor’s foot steps getting closer. Sarah walked toward the sound of his heavy wheezing, but Leah, confused, grabbed her arm. She smiled an evil grin in reply and continued toward the Mayor. 
Sarah was approaching the previous intersection when Mayor Elvir noticed her coming back. He was slightly bent over and holding his heart, but a look of relief came to his face at the return of the Stone’s light. He began complaining about how dark the cave is without any light and how frightened he was. He pled for them to not leave him again. 
Sarah coldly apologized, “I’m sorry...” and then continued darkly, “but it will have to happen again.” 
The Mayor’s eyes opened wide and his voice caught in his throat when he saw Sarah’s stainless steel Taurus pistol being raised to point at him. He stumbled backward and stammered a demand for explanation. Sarah only offered a dominating smile before lowering her aim to his legs. She hesitated for only a second and then pulled the trigger. 
The Mayor’s pained shout echoed down the tunnels into nothingness. He fell to the ground, helpless, and curled his large body into a ball. Sarah watched his pants turn red and then turned to go with a pleased, content smile on her face. 
Leah didn’t move until the Mayor uncurled and began begging for them not to leave him there. She turned and followed Sarah. 
Instead of going back to where they originally left the Mayor, they continued on their new course. They didn’t want to take the chance that he would crawl back to the path and that someone would see him or his body. Knowing—or hoping—that they would eventually find another way that led back to the path, they continued forward. 
 Leah was silent and as they turned the first corner she asked with a concerned voice, “It’s not that I question your decisions, but was that—” 
“I know, Leah, don’t worry. But yes, that was necessary. If we are going to change the Brotherhood, we must lead it, and in order to do that we have to move up the ranks. Men like Mayor Elvir who want to stop our progress must be eliminated without mercy.” 
“You’re right, dude. Yeah.” 
They kept walking. Soon enough they found the symbol of Kochab on another tunnel’s archway in an intersection room. Picking up their pace, they followed the Kochab symbols. Kochab led them right to the carved door that stood between them and the records room that they had been in just days earlier. 
“This is it, dude!” Leah exclaimed. “Are you ready to be all-powerful?”




Chapter 32

As the helicopter landed in back of the Temple of the Sun, Kenny could already see the nanos in the distance creeping toward the pyramid. They must be guarding one of the other entrances to the caverns, Kenny thought. As long as they stay away from this one. Sparrow quietly floated behind Kenny as Kenny filed out of the helicopter and helped Ryan down. Zorina left the helicopter’s headlights on so they had light to maneuver in. Zeck and Zorina readied their weapons while Kenny helped Ryan over to the left side of the pyramid. Their plan was for Zeck and Zorina to draw the nanos—they figured a large group of nanos would be waiting for them—off while Kenny took Ryan into the cavern. 
Kenny saw the nanos lurking in the shadows like zombies in a horror movie and hurried Ryan as much as he could. Ryan obediently limped as fast as he could toward the cavern entrance. He halted only once to exhale the pain and then quickly continued forward. Kenny focused on the cavern entrance, staring, and forced himself not to look towards the edge of the light where he knew the nanos were waiting. 
As soon as they made it within feet of the entrance, Kenny started hearing gun shots. He pushed Ryan’s head down and they both ducked their way into the cavern. No sooner had they got all the way in, than a small explosion went off several feet behind them. Kenny kept moving forward and when the sound of the explosion had cleared, he heard footsteps behind them. Kenny whipped out his Ruger and fired almost before he saw who was behind him. He missed, but fired again and landed a bullet into an approaching nano. 
“We got company, Ryan. How fast can you go?” As Kenny flipped on his flashlight, they took off toward the maze entrance at the pace of a speedy limp. Kenny felt bad for it, but pushed Ryan’s back to make him go faster. He turned around twice and saw no one behind them, but when he turned around again, Zeck and Zorina were backing into the entrance shooting fiercely. The sound of bullets amplified as it echoed off the walls. 
“Hurry up, you two!” Zeck yelled. “Get in there!”
As Kenny and Ryan were heading down the ramp toward the maze, Kenny turned one more time just in time to see Zeck being stabbed by one of the nanos. Anger flowed through Kenny’s body and he cried out with hatred. Forgetting his duty, he started heading back to help Zeck. As Zeck fell to the ground, Zorina plugged the nano with a bullet. When Kenny was close enough, he fired wildly towards the nanos. Lights swirled and flashed around the immediate area amid the struggle. Zorina was stabbed in the leg and Kenny nearly missed an incoming blade. 
Zeck’s gun dropped the last nano as silence finally moved into the caverns. Kenny kneeled next to Zeck and looked at the wound. It was deep into his hip, but Zeck quickly covered it up and applied pressure to stop the blood flow. Kenny looked into his eyes and for the first time considered him a true friend. 
Zeck shouted, “Oh, I’m not going to die, old man. Go get those Stones before the Evil Ones do!” 
“Right,” Kenny said. “Ryan, you stay here with him. I can travel faster by myself.” 
Zorina chimed in. “Aren’t you forgetting something?” 
“Yeah,” Zeck started, “Leah has my first-aid kit in my backpack. Get it from her, Lincoln.” Kenny nodded. 
“No, I meant that I am going with him,” Zorina corrected. “Remember our deal?” 
“Alright, but no tricks on the way there,” Kenny said. 
“Of course not. You know the way right?” 
“Yeah, Sparrow has it recorded.” 
“Oh, and Kenny,” said Ryan feebly, “tell Sarah I miss her.” 
“Lincoln, Justice will be served today, and you will serve it. Make this one count...for all of us.”




Chapter 33

Kenny was prodded into the records room with his hands on the back of his head. The door had been left open just like the doors at the entrance of the maze. Sparrow floated beside him almost silently. Zorina jabbed her pistol into his back just below the shoulder blades to push him forward. She didn’t make a sound of awe or wonder when she saw the metal books on ancient shelves to her right. Kenny wondered what she thought of the picture-story on the wall to the left, but remembered that only the light of the Sun Stones revealed it. She would not have cared, even if she did see it, he determined.
He felt empty without Amy’s Stone. Its light, its warm feeling of home and security left an empty darkness that was only augmented as they had trudged through the dark maze. Zorina was more of a silent person even than Kenny and her rough take on womanhood was a far cry from the comforting that he craved at this moment of strain and final confrontation. Even if she were the type of comforting person that Kenny wanted to be around, he didn’t think he would choose her to comfort him. During their walk through the darkness, he had had quick flashbacks of his previous solitary trip in the maze. Shudders ran down his back just thinking about being lost and alone again in the maze. He pushed those long hours out of his memory and continued forward.
Zorina prodded Kenny forward faster with her pistol. He resisted and continued at his normal pace, but after two nudges and a hard shove, he decided to walk faster. Luckily, he thought, she hadn’t had him at gun point the whole way through the maze. She only decided to turn on him when he blurted out that the records room was just around the corner.
They could see the Sun Stone’s light in the distance as they shuffled through the records room. It seemed to Kenny that it wasn’t any further away than the door on the other side of the room. Relieved at the thought that they had gotten there in time before Sarah and Leah had opened the door, he walked a little faster. Zorina pulled out another pistol. She, of course, did not let Kenny reach for his Ruger or do anything to help defend himself. He kept walking towards the door, hands behind his head, completely open for an attack. Arriving at the end of the records room, they approached the light that originated from the floor only a couple feet past the open doorway.
Kenny was confused that the Sun Stone would be lying on the ground, but either Sarah or Leah picked it up quickly and stood up as Kenny neared. Kenny could now see that it was Leah that was holding the stone as she put it behind her back. The light dimmed enough for Kenny to observe the scene. They had been sitting on the floor in opposite corners near a second door that lay a few feet past the door that was opened with the three runes. Either they couldn’t open this door and had gotten tired, or they had waited for Kenny to arrive. After thinking it over, Kenny knew it wouldn’t have been the latter.
“You again!” Sarah exclaimed. Her voice echoed loudly off the walls which amplified every word that was spoken. “Ya know, when we left you for dead in Venezuela I didn’t want to see you again. I thought it was a pretty obvious hint. Men are so dense. Maybe I’ll have to be clearer next time. And what’s she doing here?” 
“I’m just here to get what he promised me,” Zorina calmly announced, sticking the gun harder into his back. 
Leah laughed and hit Sarah’s shoulder. “You, like, made a deal with her to bring you here, right Kenny? And promised to give her the Sun Stones? And now you’re alone and totally at gunpoint. Fail! That’s funny, dude.” 
“She’s a liar,” Kenny argued. 
“And you believed her?” 
All three of them began laughing cruelly. 
Kenny looked at the light of Amy’s Stone and felt warm and at home once again. His nerves calmed as he took in its light and he was able to smile at the irony of the situation.
“Sarah,” he started, “Ryan is at the entrance to the maze.” 
She quickly stepped forward and squealed, “Is he okay? Err—” 
Kenny laughed, “Yes, he’ll be okay...as long as we hurry.” 
Zorina interrupted, “So, are the Stones down here?” 
Sarah opened her arms as if to gesture for them to look around the room. “Do you see any other Sun Stone here?” she taunted. 
Zorina muttered a cold phrase in her own language.
Kenny suddenly didn’t feel the point of the barrel dig into his back. Slightly confused, he slowly let his arms fall, assuming it would be okay and that it wouldn’t result in a bullet in the back.
He anxiously asked why they hadn’t opened the door yet. Sarah tilted her head angrily, but Leah moved aside and pointed towards a small, flat dial about the size of Kenny’s palm that protruded from the wall at chest level behind her.
“You need three people to open the door, unless you’re like Superman or something.”
“What do you mean, you need three people? Why three?” Zorina questioned.
“Look, there are these two dials.” She pointed to a second identical dial on the other side of the non-descript door. “And when both of them are turned, another dial on the floor there pops up. I’m assuming you have to turn that dial to open the door, but it’s like too far. We can’t reach it when both of us are turning the dial.”
Kenny chuckled. “And what were you doing? Waiting for us to come? What would you have done—”
“We were just taking a break,” Sarah snapped. She eyed Zorina with a cold stare.
He chuckled again. “Alright well turn your dials. I’ll open the door for you.”
Zorina quickly moved forward, hitting Kenny’s shoulder with hers. “No. I will open.”
Sarah and Leah looked at each other and then turned towards their dials. Leah bent to put the Stone on the ground, but quickly stood up and found a pocket for it. She glanced at Kenny before nodding to Sarah that she was ready.
With a strained effort, they turned their dials. On the floor in the middle of the door an identical dial raised slowly out of a circular hole in the floor. They turned their dials two or three times around and the dial on the floor was completely exposed. Zorina bent down and began turning the third dial. She grunted and turned faster. It went around 4, 5, maybe a half of a dozen times or more and then it finally clicked and Zorina could spin it no more.
No sooner had the dial clicked, than they heard a louder, sonorous click from the door and it slowly slid open from the center towards the sides. Light from Amy’s Stone flooded through the growing crack into the next room like the running of the bulls.
As Zorina stood up, Kenny pulled out his Ruger, cocked it, and pointed toward the back of Zorina’s head. “Walk,” he demanded, feeling giddy from the role reversal and his advantage over the seasoned mercenary.
She stood still for a moment, but then turned calmly to face Kenny. “Put the gun away little boy. You don’t wish to hurt anyone.” Without hesitation she turned and walked toward the next room, following Sarah.
Kenny was beside himself. He did not expect that reaction and found himself unable to find the words or the tone of voice to enforce his threat. He paused before going into the room so that he could assess the situation that he was getting himself into. His inability to threaten Zorina brought him down to Earth and he realized what was on the other side of the threshold: two ravenous wolves and a traitor.
Stepping across the threshold tentatively, Kenny couldn’t help but be captivated by the magnificent room. It was a huge, cylindrical room with high walls that led up to a gnarled ceiling full of pointy stalactites. Within their seemingly protective bubble of light that the Sun Stone afforded, Kenny could see only the room’s amazing features that were closest to him. Its walls shined as if made of dull gold and their intricate detail was magnified in the light. Kenny saw beautiful pictures and designs wearily carved into the floor and walls. The whole floor had round holes about the size of a Sun Stone randomly cut into it. The further he shuffled into the room, the more he realized that he was standing on a large depiction of Amy’s tattoo: the Aztec calendar stone. The floor was carved beautifully with all the symbols of the months and years. The snake heads at the bottom were well formed and must have taken a steady, dedicated hand to carve.
Approaching the group, he caught the end of what Zorina was saying. “...lucky I came. You needed a real woman to do what you couldn’t, I see.”
Sarah turned sharply and retorted, “We didn’t need you and we don’t need you. In fact, if you left and went and made out with your boyfriend, Bin Laden and I never saw you again, we would be fine. So don’t think we’re all buddy-buddy because you opened that door.”
Zorina stormed over towards Sarah, stopping just inches from her face. Sarah stood defiantly unmoved, unflinching, staring back at Zorina’s eyes. 
Zorina spoke first: “Give me one reason not to blow your head clean off.” 
“You need me to find the Sun Stones.” 
Zorina waved her gun towards Leah and Kenny. “I need those two brains only. You I can spare.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Sarah grabbed Zorina by the chin. Zorina pulled her head away quickly. “Leah here would have no squabbles blowing a hole in you if you did something to me. And as much as our pathetic alien sympathizer hates me, he would rather see you dead, than me.” 
The two stared at each other only inches apart, neither backing down, for several seconds. Kenny looked at Leah who returned his baffled look. Neither Zorina nor Sarah moved. For crying out loud, let’s get the Sun Stones, he thought. Kenny took out his Ruger again and flashed it in front of both of them. 
“I’ve got no reason not to kill both of you and I don’t care which one of you gets the Sun Stones. I don’t know if I believe in aliens anymore and the one thing that I used to believe in to feel close to my dead wife is a lie. I’ve been dragged into this stupid war between two groups that I don’t care anything about and all I want to do right now is get that first-aid kit back to Zeck and Ryan before they kick the bucket, so let’s get the Stones and get out of here.” Kenny exhaled angrily, and then added, “Or I’ll shoot you both!” 
No sooner had Kenny shouted, than a small stalactite from the ceiling crashed down onto the floor not ten feet from where they were standing. As the sound of the crash echoed upward, another stalactite hit the ground hard across the room. Everyone looked at each other with wide eyes. Kenny looked up at the high ceiling covered with sharp stalactites staring down at him. 
Leah stepped closer. “Dude, if anyone shoots anyone the whole ceiling might come down on us. Let’s find those Stones, okay?” 
Sarah took a step back from Zorina, but maintained her angry stare. Zorina stuck her chest out as if triumphant and grinned. Sarah made a face in return and then turned toward Leah. 
Leah began explaining that she found something useful. They walked to the center of the room and Leah bent down to show them a round hole that was the perfect size and depth to put the calendar rune in. 
Without waiting for objections, Leah placed the calendar run into the hole and pushed down. The rune clicked into place and suddenly there was a churning, rumbling sound coming from the below the ground. The floor started shaking and then moving. Another stalactite fell to the ground just a few feet behind Kenny. The floor kept moving and the whole room started slowly spinning. 
Kenny planted his feet hard into the ground and swayed to keep his balance. Leah grabbed his arm to avoid falling over which almost pulled him off his feet. Another stalactite fell near the edge of the room. Kenny held up Leah and balanced himself again. The room spun a quarter turn and slowed to a stop. The ground was suddenly calm and Kenny let out a grateful sigh. He looked up at the stalactites in fear. 
Looking around, Kenny noticed that the door they had come in was now blocked. He also noticed that there were three doorways that had been opened because of the spinning room. Two were directly opposite of each other and one was about in the middle of the other two. Darkness protruded out from all three, and Kenny couldn’t see any difference between the three. 
Sarah picked a door and suggested they check out that one first. The sound of flowing water suddenly hit Kenny’s ears and got louder the closer they got to the doorway. Kenny made sure he was behind all of them. Zorina slowed her pace so that Kenny would have overtaken her, but Kenny didn’t want to let her behind him, so he slowed down even more. Sarah noticed she was in front of both of them and paused to let the others catch up. Leah passed all three of them and entered the tunnel, holding the Sun Stone up high in the air.
“Ladies first,” gestured Kenny to Zorina.
“Aw, don’t worry about chivalry at a time like now. You move on ahead first.”
“I insist.”
“Kenny get moving. You can go first, too,” Sarah ordered.
“No, no. You’re more of a lady than I am. You should go first.”
“Exactly, Sarah,” Kenny started. “Go ahead.”
The three of them stared at each other, making slight gestures with their eyes and heads, trying to get the others to go into the tunnel first. No one moved for some time, until suddenly Zorina muttered something and walked into the tunnel. Kenny followed, but constantly glanced backward at Sarah. As Kenny entered the tunnel, he realized that this tunnel was much more narrow than the tunnels in the maze. It was slightly larger than one person and Kenny felt a sudden gratitude that the rest of the maze wasn’t like this tunnel.
Sarah spoke to Kenny in almost a whisper. “So how is Ryan really? Does he look really bad? Did they starve him a lot? Did they torture him? If so, I’ll pull out my nine millimeter right now and shoot that crazy woman.”
Kenny purposefully spoke louder and emphasized Ryan’s name. “Ryan? Oh, you’ll just have to wait and see.” 
Sarah exhaled sharply.
The flowing water was getting louder and when the tunnel opened to another cavern, Kenny could see where the sound originated. The ground was wet and slippery and Kenny saw a small, restless lake of water in front of them. On the other side of the pool, a waterfall that was coming from above the ceiling was flowing into it. The ground sloped slightly to the water’s edge and the water lapped up on the rock. The pool of water took up most of the room which was much smaller than the round room they came from.
Kenny stood at the tunnel’s threshold looking at the small lake. Sarah, standing at the water’s edge, told Kenny to come look for clues. He glanced at Zorina to his right and slid forward. There was nothing in the room that looked useful to him. The walls had no writing and the water hid nothing. 
“I don’t see anything useful,” declared Kenny. 
“Look harder,” Leah retorted. 
Kenny made a face to match hers and then turned to Sparrow and told it to record the room. It flew almost to the waterfall and made a circle of the room. As he watched the roll-up screen, Kenny wondered why they would have made a tunnel to such a useless room. It has to mean something, he thought. When Sparrow had finished, Kenny suggested they leave. 
“This room must be to confuse people,” Zorina stated. 
Sarah went into the tunnel first, followed by Zorina. Leah took one more look at the waterfall and followed behind Kenny. Making their way back into the main room, they practically tip-toed to the next room so as to not cause any more stalactites to fall. Before they even got to the entrance, they could see the back of the room only a few feet away and Kenny knew immediately it was another useless room. This time only Leah went in; the other three stared at each other to see if the other two would make a move.
“Lion’s bones!?” Leah wondered out loud. “These look like lion’s bones. Too big to be a dog’s, but this must have been their guard dog.”
They made their way to the third room. It was much smaller than the main room, but provided a little space to walk around in. It was shaped like an equilateral triangle with a saggy bottom. Immediately to the left and right they saw several round stones on a shelf-like trough. They were the exact size of a Sun Stone, but did not shine. Sarah and Zorina scrambled to grab as many as they could. They pulled each other’s hair, pulled at each other’s clothes and tried to bite.
“What happened to them? Why aren’t they bright?” Leah wondered.
Kenny felt as uncomfortable as watching two middle school girls beat each other up as he watched the scene unfold. “I don’t think those are the real Sun Stones, that’s why.”
When Sarah and Zorina had finally calmed down, their hair frayed and breathing hard, Sarah muttered she knew they weren’t the real thing and dropped the several stones she had in her hand. Zorina agreed, but Kenny saw beyond both their lies and laughed to himself.
Leah noticed a opening device on the far wall and used the Orion rune. A hole on the floor about the size of a basket ball slid open and a pillar of bright, white light shot up to the ceiling. Everyone turned and focused intensely on the pillar of light.
Kenny looked at Zorina who glanced at Sarah. Sarah only momentarily met Zorina’s gaze before she dove for the hole. Zorina made it there first and already had her hand in the hole before Sarah could get on the floor. Zorina put her whole arm down the pillar and suddenly her head disappeared into the light.
Sarah waited like a vulture for her prey, and as soon as Zorina’s head came back out, Sarah’s foot was there to meet it. Sarah missed and hit her shoulder, but Zorina flung herself backwards more from the surprise than the impact.
“I could not reach it, idiot. It’s too far down.”
Sarah turned to look at Kenny. She looked him up and down as if she were checking him out, and then turned again to Zorina. She looked back at Kenny and with the same tone of voice that a mother uses to tell her kid to do his chores, she demanded, “You do it. You have longer arms.”
Kenny looked at her defiantly, but then agreed. “As long as there isn’t a foot waiting for my face when I grab them.” Sarah said she couldn’t promise him anything. Shaking his head, Kenny got down on his knees and then on to his stomach. Reaching his hand in the pillar and down into the hole, he felt nothing. He stretched his arm down further and further, putting almost his whole upper body into the hole until it could go no further and still he felt nothing. The light was blindingly brilliant and penetrated through his tightly closed eye lids.
“I can’t get it either. They’re too far down,” he shouted up. Pulling himself out, and sitting himself down, Kenny rubbed his eyes until they adjusted to the dimmer brightness of just one Sun Stone. “Are you happy now? For crying out loud.”
Zorina charged at him with one of the fake Sun Stones, she held it high above her head, ready to swing it down and crush his head. Kenny rolled quickly out of the way and put his hands up to defend himself.
He realized that she wasn’t coming at him, but was going to throw it down the hole. Kenny felt mildly embarrassed at his over reaction, but saw that no one else noticed him.
Leah stopped Zorina from throwing it. “It could like break the rest of them. Use a small pebble or whatever if you want to see how far down it is, you know?”
“Can they be broken?” Zorina asked, putting down the fake Sun Stone.
Leah shrugged. “I don’t want to find out, dude.”
Sarah handed Leah a small pebble she had found on the ground and Leah told everyone to be quiet. She let the pebble go into the pillar of light and Kenny listened for it to hit bottom. After long seconds of silence, it finally hit bottom and the soft echoes floated up the shaft.
Zorina declared it was six meters down. Kenny stared at her in a stupor. He was trying to remember the conversion ratio and calculate in his head how many feet, but Zorina must have seen his pensive face and that of the others. “Twenty feet,” she clarified.
“No,” Sarah argued. “Can’t be. It has to be at least 35, 40. That pebble took forever to land. Leah?”
“Like 30, 35 yeah.”
Kenny started, “I would say more like 25 to 30—”
“No one asked for your opinion, alien boy,” Sarah said.
Kenny stiffened his jaw and stood up. “Then you probably—”
“I said we didn’t want your opinion, old man.”
Kenny gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. Pounding three steps closer to Sarah he retorted, “I didn’t ask if you wanted my opinion, you little snot-nosed girl.” Kenny could see the fear hiding behind Sarah’s calm gaze. “I was going to tell you about the clue I found on the ceiling above the pillar of light. Now look at it.”
Sarah didn’t turn at first, but slowly wheeled her head around to see the picture of Kochab drawn on the ceiling.
“No need to thank me.” Kenny turned away from her, grabbed one of the fake Sun Stones, and walked back into the dark main room.
Trailing him, Leah asked, “What are you going to do?”
Kenny walked to the middle of the room where the calendar rune still lay in the device on the floor and turned to the rest of them. “It seems pretty obvious doesn’t it? Kochab is the clue. The calendar stone has a Cartesian plane on it, pointing to North, South, East, and West.” Kenny gestured toward each direction with the hand holding the fake Sun Stone. “Kochab is eight degrees West of North, so we just find the right hole in this floor that is eight degrees West of North, put this stone in it, and viola, the Sun Stones raise up to our level. Nothing complicated to it.”
“Alright, old man,” Sarah stated. “Let’s see if you’re right. Leah, help him find Kochab.”
Taking one of the fake Sun Stones, Kenny and Leah tried several of the holes slightly to the West of the North-pointing arrow carved into the floor. The stones fit snuggly into the holes, but weren’t hard to remove. They fit just right. After seven failed attempts, Kenny tried one more hole. As he put the stone in, there was a click and the floor started rumbling again. Stalactites fell and the room turned slowly. 
Shrapnel the size of a pebble pierced the back of Kenny’s leg from one of the falling stalactites. He reeled with pain and fell to the floor. Leah moved to help him up, but Sarah stopped her. Slowly breathing in and out, Kenny pulled himself to his feet as the room stopped moving. 
Looking around, Kenny saw only one door available to them. Without words they walked towards the door that was on the South side of the calendar stone. It was a small room, not much bigger than an alcove, with a flat straight wall in the back. On it was a large painting of Orion’s silhouette that looked just like the one at Copan. Each one of the stars that makes up Orion was depicted on the drawing. 
“So now what, genius?” Leah sarcastically remarked. 
“We make that picture,” Kenny turned and pointed confidently to the main room’s floor, “on the floor.” 
“What?” Sarah protested. 
“Look at it, sixteen stars makes up Orion. We got sixteen fake Sun Stones and if you want to get the real ones, we need to put the fake ones in those holes.” 
“I disagree,” Zorina argued. She stepped forward and began touching the picture on the wall. “There must be some sort of button on this wall to raise the Stones.” 
“You keep trying that, and let me know how that works out for you,” said Leah. “I’m gonna take Kenny’s word for it.” She nodded at Sarah who slowly nodded back. 
Zorina continued to feel the wall. 
“Alright, where are the other fifteen?”  
Sarah slowly shrugged off her backpack, slightly embarrassed. As it hit, the fake Sun Stones clanked against the ground. “You had better be right, old man.”
Kenny shook his head, annoyed, and started grabbing the fake Sun Stones. Sarah was really getting on his nerves. He handed some of the fake Stones to Leah and some to Sarah. Sarah grimaced as she took them, obviously discontent about Kenny telling her what to do. Kenny ignored her and walked back to the picture in the alcove. Zorina had given up trying to find a button on the wall and stood with her hands on her hips watching Kenny. 
Just then the floor started to rumble as if it were going to spin again. Zorina bolted onto the floor of the main room. A stalactite fell from the ceiling. Kenny wheeled around to see what the other two had done. Leah was standing over the Kochab hole, still bent over with the fake Sun Stone in one hand. 
As the room began to rotate, Kenny yelled, “No! Leave that one in there! We need to see the picture on—” Before he could finish his thought, stalactites slammed down onto the floor with piercing roars. His yell had echoed up to the ceiling and felled several stalactites. 
They all ducked and dodged for cover. The room continued to rotate. Kenny heard Sarah cry out, and then there was silence. The room stopped and no more stalactites fell to the ground. 
“Way to go,” Kenny mocked, almost in a whisper. 
Sarah rubbed the back of her head. Looking at her hand, she saw there was blood, but she seemed fine. Kenny, undeterred, took a fake Sun Stone and put it back into the hole that represented Kochab. “Get ready for another ride.” 
The room spun back with another stalactite falling and the Orion picture was again visible. Directing the other three, Kenny looked from the picture to the floor, giving orders. Rubble from the fallen stalactites had to be removed from some of the holes, and Sarah and Zorina grumbled complaints under their breath, but followed orders anyway. 
When all but the stone in the Kochab hole was in place, Kenny stepped closer to the middle of the room and surveyed their work. He told Leah to move one stone to the left one hole and said it was perfect. The shape of Orion shooting his bow stared up at Kenny. He put his hands on his hips, pleased with the work of art. 
“Alright, Leah, now you can take the Kochab stone and put it where it belongs.” 
Just as expected, the room began turning as Leah removed the stone. Kenny looked up, ready to dodge any deadly stalactites. He heard none moving and Kenny was relieved. 
As soon as the room stopped spinning, it moved in another way. The rumbling sound was different this time and Kenny felt like he was sinking slowly into the floor. Looking at the wall, he saw that he was moving downward like a giant, slow elevator. 
Kenny triumphantly looked at Sarah and Zorina, waiting for their eulogies and praise, but none came. They scoffed at him and turned away. Gloating on the inside, Kenny remained motionless, his heart beating faster and faster. He was excited to see where the elevator was taking them, but knew that as soon as the Sun Stones were in view, his world would change—and his chances of making it out alive would plummet. 
The elevator slowly lumbered down about thirty feet and the stalactites on the ceiling got more and more deadly as they grew further away. The elevator rattled and rumbled to a halt and the familiar door-opening mechanism stared at them like a cyclops in the middle of a door at the edge of the North side of the room. 
Sarah took out the Orion rune—seeing its symbol carved in the mechanism—and held it outward as she approached the door. Brilliant, blue light beamed from the rune to the wall. 
As Sarah pushed the mechanism into the wall, Kenny felt a cold metal barrel dig into the skin on the back of his neck. He had been careless and let Zorina get behind him when he wasn’t paying attention. Zeck wouldn’t have let that happen.
He saw another barrel to his left and slightly in front of him, pointing towards Sarah.
The door began opening and the pillar of light showed itself inch by inch. Kenny stood frozen, staring at the door and Sarah remained motionless.
Above the sound of the rumbling door, Zorina threatened. “If anyone moves, you all die. It has been fun, really, but play time is ended.” 
The door finished opening, and Kenny stared at the base of the pillar of light in the middle of the small, perfectly square room in front of them. It was a short room with a ceiling just higher than their heads. Nothing was in the room, but the small rock altar, no taller than mid-calf, and the Sun Stones that lay on top of it in some sort of basket or pot. 
Leah was the first to speak, but what she said was surprisingly on-task considering they could finally see the resting place of the rest of the Sun Stones. “Dude, Zorina, if you fire those things, you’ll die too. Don’t be stupid.” 
“Stupid was letting you all live this long. Now Leah, dear, go in, and start bringing me the Stones. Put them here at my feet.” 
Leah didn’t move. She looked at Sarah, who slowly nodded, and then walked cautiously into the room. She walked quickly back toward Sarah, grabbed Sarah’s sunglasses, and went back into the room. As she bent down to grab the first few Sun Stones out of the pot or basket, she let out a high-pitched, confused “What?” 
“What is it?” said Kenny, followed quickly by a slight variation of the same question from both Sarah and Zorina. 
She stood up and looked back at them, shaking her head. Looking back down at the Stones, she continued, “You gotta be kidding me. Dude, this can’t be right.” 
Sarah looked toward Zorina with a face that asked for permission to see what the matter was. 
“No. You will not move,” was Zorina’s cold reply. 
After an aggravated rant, Leah came back out to the main room, almost breaking her sunglasses as she tore them off her face, and gave the bad news. “There’s only one.” 
“What?” everyone else blurted out in unison. 
“There’s only one Sun Stone there.” 
Kenny stared blankly for several seconds. The other two seemed to do the same. He didn’t know what to think. Everything led to here—all the clues, the metal books, Vinny. He had walked for days alone and in the dark to find this place. They had tracked all over Central and South America looking for the runes to open the door to get here. And now the Sun Stones aren’t here! But if all this was wrong, maybe the Grays do exist, he thought. 
“Kenny must have done the picture wrong,” accused Zorina. Kenny felt the barrel of the gun relax and pull away from his neck. 
“Did you see how we got here? If I did it wrong, it wouldn’t have brought us down here.” 
“Kenny’s right. All the clues led here. Leah, did you see any other clues in there? Maybe there is something else we have to do. There’s always something with Zarahemla.” 
“I didn’t really look. Let’s check it out.” 
Sarah spun slowly and glared at Zorina. Zorina lowered the gun and Sarah strode into the room. 
Kenny hesitated to allow Zorina into the room first, but—without words—her own pause insisted that Kenny went first. He didn’t move. Zorina folded her arms. Kenny’s impatience to see what was in the room won over his desire to be behind everyone, and he scurried into the room without looking at Zorina. 
Sarah picked up the second Sun Stone and looked at it through her glasses. As the Stone was lifted into the air, it’s light was no longer reflected by the pot it was in and the pillar of light spread out to bathe the room in even more light. This was the first time that Kenny had seen another one like Amy’s. It’s light and brilliance were the same as hers and there was no way to tell them apart. 
Being in the presence of both Stones, Kenny’s life became clearer and at the same time cloudier. He finally believed without a doubt that there were sixteen Sun Stones and that Amy’s had not come from the Grays. He also realized without a doubt that the purpose of his journey to find all sixteen Sun Stones would not lead him to learning about what happened to Amy or where she was. 
As much as he had held on to Amy’s Stone over the years since she had disappeared, and as much as he had convinced himself that the Stone was his key to her and that he would protect it with his life, his heart suddenly let go of it. Standing in the room with two identical Sun Stones, Kenny felt he couldn’t care less about them and knew that when he was finally out of their presence and their warm, comforting feeling had left him, he would be okay. 
He only had one remaining clue to find Amy: her tattoo. He knew that as soon as he got the first-aid kit to Zeck and Ryan, he would have to say good-bye and take the next leg of his journey alone. They would understand, he thought. They didn’t need him and he didn’t need the Sun Stones like they did. 
Amy was closer than ever.
Kenny picked up the pot that the second Sun Stone was resting in. It wasn’t a pot, but half of a turtle’s shell with a reflective material on the bottom of the inside. Writing lined the inside sides of the shell, etched into the hard material. He flipped it over, felt the rough outside, and turned it back over.
Sarah and Leah were looking around the room at the walls for writing or any symbol that could be a clue. Zorina watched as Kenny studied the turtle’s shell. She stepped closer and spoke deliberately loud.
“What is that, alien worshiper? It looks like a clue.”
Sarah and Leah immediately turned and swooped up beside Kenny. Snatching the turtle shell, Leah began reading the symbols on the inside. “In the—” before she could read more than two words, Sarah hit her shoulder and she continued silently to herself.
Kenny looked at Zorina as one looks at a teammate and saw her angry glare towards the other two. She took a step forward and shoved Sarah, demanding she share the clue with all of them. 
Sarah tumbled backward and let out a scream. As the tussle started between Sarah and Zorina again, Kenny saw an opportunity. He poked the barrel of his Ruger into Leah’s side. Leah recoiled, but Kenny grabbed her, replacing the pistol’s barrel in her side. 
“What did the clue say?” Kenny half whispered close to her ear. 
“Wha—? No! Whatever, dude. I can’t tell you.” 
Without hesitation Kenny pulled on Leah and began dragging her toward the door. She struggled and as soon as she realized what Kenny was doing, she cried out to Sarah, but Sarah was picking herself up off the floor, readying herself for another attack. 
Kenny continued backward, dodging flailing arms and Leah’s head. He was stronger than her, and she wouldn’t be able to get out of his grip unless she landed a perfect shot. He demanded the clue again and she shouted a nasty insult that Kenny decided was a ‘no.’ 
Leah clawed for the doorway, but because of the Stone in one had, and the turtle shell in the other she was unable to snag anything. They stepped onto the floor of the main room. No sooner had the scream escaped Leah’s mouth than she tried to pull it back in. Kenny heard the stalactites breaking off from the ceiling and screaming down toward them. 
“What’s the clue say?” Kenny demanded, holding the gun toward the ceiling, threatening.
After a moment of hesitation, Leah choked, “In the land of turtles—” a stalactite crashed to the floor behind Kenny, “across the sea, treasure’s egg is safely nesting.”
Kenny let go of Leah who took off immediately back towards the door. Before she made it, Kenny decided what he must do. As stalactites continued crashing to the floor, Kenny threw caution to the wind and fired his gun into the air. Time for fireworks. The loud echo screamed up the walls and struck the ceiling with force. Sparrow stayed close and dodged the falling stalactites as best it could. Bending down, Kenny took one of the fake Sun Stones out of its hole in the ground.
As the floor began to rumble and the stalactites continued to rain down, throwing shrapnel around the room, Sarah and Zorina realized what Kenny had done. They stopped their brawl and ran towards the door. The floor began rising upward and Leah pulled Sarah out of the door onto the floor of the main room. They tried to hold Zorina back, but brandishing a gun, she fired, hitting Leah near the hip.
Dodging the shrapnel and trying to keep an eye on the other three, Kenny was hit from every side it seemed. Sparrow was struck with a rock and crashed to the ground. Kenny tried to maintain concentration, but the continual barrage was too much and dodging the stalactites was becoming too difficult. What did I do?, he wondered.
He thought again of Zeck and Ryan, and then of Amy and strengthened his resolve to make it out alive. The floor came to a stop and Sarah was already in the middle, grabbing for the aquamarine calendar rune. The floor began to spin and Kenny saw Zorina approaching Sarah.
Before he could see what happened, he lost his balance with the falling of a stalactite. He rolled onto his stomach and saw a stalactite falling toward him. Rolling quickly away as the room stopped spinning, Kenny saw the doorway leading back to the maze lay open in front of him.
He stood to get up, watching Sarah drag Leah out. Kenny suddenly felt a piercing pain on his left side running up his leg and side all the way to his arm. The force of the fallen stalactite threw him again to the ground.
When Kenny could open his eyes again, he saw the last wisps of light being shut out by the closing door. The rumbling stopped and a final stalactite fell somewhere on the other side of the room.
The gripping pain soared up and down Kenny’s left side. The pain caused a head-splitting headache, but it helped numb the pain in the rest of his body. Holding his side with one hand, he felt the warm blood soaking his clothes. He laid there regaining strength and deciding how to cope with his fate.
By now the gravity of the situation had sunk in, and Kenny fought mentally against accepting his dark, lonely end. He didn’t even have the energy to hate the others for leaving him here. He croaked a few words out loud to see if Zorina had made it out of the room alive. No one answered, and Kenny was no closer to knowing.
Kenny suddenly heard an unexpected yet familiar voice faintly responding. It was Sparrow’s British accent sputtering that it was functioning. Kenny crawled his way painfully through the rumble towards the sound.
Finally arriving at a small green light, Kenny asked it if it was able to fly. It responded that its rotors were not functioning and that most of its power was gone. Very few of its features were able to work, but it shined a faint light on Kenny’s face. The light flickered, but remained on.
Sitting upright painfully, Kenny grabbed Sparrow gingerly and used its light as a flashlight to look around the room. The light didn’t make it far enough to see anything around him. The darkness pressed in on him, making Kenny’s mental picture of the magnificent room fade. The room now emanated a lonely, menacing silence.
There has to be another way out of here, Kenny told himself. Even as the words crossed his mind, he knew there was a very slim chance that he was right. Even though this whole room was a puzzle with possibly infinite uses and doorways and tunnels, nothing he had seen so far had hinted at a way out. This was the end of the maze and the only way out was back through the maze. 
Without the three runes there was no way to open the door to the maze, and even if he did open the door, he didn’t have the Sun Stone’s light to guide him through the maze. Even if he had had the Sun Stone and was able to open the door, it would take him longer to walk through the maze than he felt he was able to with the pounding headache and splitting wounds. 
Amy felt further away than ever. 
His mind suddenly focused on the pool of water in one of the rooms shooting off from the main room. That would have felt nice, he thought, but there was no way to get there. Taking his thought further, Kenny pondered if he could follow the water flow back to where it came from. It would probably lead out of the cave.  
Giving up on the idea of swimming upstream, Kenny focused his mental faculties on other constellations or symbols on the calendar rune that the Friends of Zarahemla used often that might indicate a way out. He came up with nothing and groaning, he laid back down to rest. 
His head leaned against a smooth stone that rolled as he tried to rest his head on it. Brushing it out of the way, he realized it was one of the fake Sun Stones. He picked it up, musing over it, and was about to toss it away, but an idea suddenly struck him. 
“What would happen if I put this back in place without the calendar rune in the middle?” he managed to say out loud. 
“I cannot compute that response, sir,” Sparrow answered. 
“I wasn’t talking to you, anyway.” 
Kenny grabbed Sparrow again like a flashlight and tried to determine in what part of the room he was. He determined that the one in his hand belonged to the other side of the room. 
I’m a genius. This is definitely going to work. Kenny’s self-convincing had worked by the time he dragged himself to the spot on the floor where the fake Sun Stone belonged. Looking at the round, smooth stone one more time he took out some debris in the hole and inserted it. Braced against the spinning room that he anticipated, Kenny looked into the dark and heard only silence. He felt no rumbling, no floor spinning or dropping. 
He feebly cursed out loud and was about to give up all hope of escape, when another brilliant idea struck him. The hole representing Kochab was not far from where Kenny was sitting. He reached towards it as Sparrow’s light flickered off. 
He tapped Sparrow near the light and it shone once again, but this time even more weakly. It was practically useless. Holding Sparrow very close to the ground, Kenny searched for the the right hole.
His eye caught a glipse of a brilliant, blue stone. Turning towards it he saw the Orion rune lying on the floor. Leah must have dropped it. Doesn’t do much good now, does it? Kenny stuffed it in his pocket and continued looking for the right hole. 
Soon Kenny found the hole that symbolized Kochab and fit the fake Sun Stone snuggly inside. Almost immediately the floor rumbled. 
Sparrow’s light went out again as the floor spun slowly. Kenny didn’t hear any stalactites falling, although he kept his concentration keen on any sound just in case. The floor stopped spinning and a cool breeze whipped across Kenny’s face. 
The cool air felt wonderful on his skin and he thought for sure he was saved. He struggled to his feet and tapped Sparrow again. The light didn’t turn on, so he tapped it harder until finally the light popped on, brighter this time. 
Kenny couldn’t see far down the tunnel, but feeling the constant breeze, he knew he must be close. Before Kenny got far, Sparrow’s light turned off again. This time he couldn’t make the light return, so using one hand as a guide, he trudged into the darkness, alone. 




Chapter 34

Zeck helped Ryan out of the cave entrance and they sunk onto the ground, leaning against the Temple of the Sun. Zeck heaved a heavy sigh and tried to relax, visualizing himself overcoming the pain. He saw himself running through grassy fields and feeling the breeze on his face. He saw himself feeling no pain.
As they waited in the dark, conversation came difficult, but Zeck was glad to be back with Ryan. He was in worse condition than Zeck, but wouldn’t complain. Ryan had expressed that he would have liked to wander the maze again, but his condition wouldn’t allow it, and neither would Zeck. In the last few hours, Ryan seemed to be able to relax for the first time in days.
Unfortunately, their relaxation was cut short with the horrible appearance of a helicopter on the horizon. Zeck was the first to see it, and grabbing Ryan, his heart began pounding again. Sweet Justice, we’re in trouble! The fear of not being able to defend himself and the embarrassment that went with it returned and gnawed at his waning strength. They struggled to drag themselves to a safer spot where they wouldn’t be seen. Nanos would be able to tear them apart easily at this point, and anyone else wouldn’t be given much of a fight either. Before they could get far, the helicopter was already on top of them.
It was an old, small helicopter with a glass dome forming the cockpit. Several spots missing paint covered the metal body. As it landed, Zeck saw there was only one person inside, but neither of them would be able to succeed against even one person—especially if it were a nano.
As the dark figured shined his flashlight around, it was apparent that he was young and that he was not familiar with this place. The light finally landed on Ryan and then on Zeck. Zeck’s heart skipped a few beats and his breath caught in his throat. Even young, the stranger would have too much of an advantage.
Zeck began visualizing his fight with this stranger. He pictured how he would ignore his wound and overpower the younger foe. Before he could visualize more than the first few movements of the fight, the young man surprised him with what he said.
“Hawk? Is that you, dad?” The young man came running closer and stopped when he saw that Zeck and Ryan weren’t who he was looking for.
“Oh, uh...sorry. Who are you? You totally look familiar. Do you know Hawk, err Kenny...Kenny Lincoln?”
“Depends,” Zeck managed to grunt.
“Did he go in the cave? Dude you gotta help me, for real!”
“Who are you?” Ryan asked.
“Bulldog. I’m his son. Bulldog.”
“Son?” Zeck blurted out. Relieved, he was able to relax and express himself better. “You’re his son? How did you know about this place? And where did you learn to fly a helicopter?”
“I can explain later, but where is he? He might be in major trouble.”
Zeck laughed. “You got that right.”
“So what the heck are you doing here? Why aren’t you like totally helping him?”
“Ha. He’s the one trying to help us. We’re in no condition to fight.”
“You’re so right. You two look pathetic. So how do I find him in there? Do you know the way?”
“You won’t be able to find your way without a Sun Stone, Skippy.”
“Skippy? I’m no Skippy. And what do you mean a Sun Stone? What’s that? Is that what you call the Gray’s stone?”
Just then Kenny’s weak voice broke through the air from behind a wall. All three whipped around as fast as they were able and to Zeck’s surprise he saw Kenny staggering towards them. “I’m sorry Felix. I guess I have a lot to explain about Panda’s Stone.”
“No doubt, Hawk. Hey, are you alright?” 
“About the same as everyone else here, it seems,” Kenny answered, staring at Zeck and Ryan.
Ryan managed a laugh as Bulldog ran over to help his father sit down next to Zeck. Bulldog tried to look at Kenny’s wounds, but Kenny told him he was fine. Zeck looked at Kenny with approval and felt glad to see his friend again. 
“Where did you come from? Where are the others? And the Stones?” Zeck interrogated weakly. 
Kenny started, “I came out of a hidden door about a half mile away. The others are still down in the maze. They should be coming out soon, though; I walked pretty slow. We should get going before they come out, but I’m not sure how many of them are still alive.” Kenny stopped. Zeck immediately thought Kenny was talking about Leah. He knew that Kenny didn’t want to say it bluntly, but Leah didn’t make it out. Zeck’s heart grew heavy and he imagined how Leah would have fought to her last breath. Zeck felt tears coming, but held them back. 
Kenny, seeing the concern on Ryan’s face, continued, “I think Sarah made it unharmed. Take heart, man, she’ll be fine.” 
Zeck forced himself to ask what he feared to know. “And Leah?” 
Kenny paused. “She was hurt when I saw her last...I don’t know, Zeck. I’m sorry.”
Zeck nodded slowly. He expected to hear worse, but it certainly wasn’t good news. He took his mind off of her and asked Kenny again about the Sun Stones. 
“They weren’t down there.” 
“What?” Ryan stammered. Zeck echoed him. 
“There was only one and another clue.” 
Zeck sighed, “More clues.” 
“What was it, Hawk?” Bulldog asked. “What did the clue say?” 
“It was a turtle shell with writing carved on the inside. It said, ‘In the land of turtles, across the sea, treasure’s egg is safely nesting.’” 
There was silence and while the others thought about the meaning of the clue, Zeck’s mind was still on Leah; her smooth face and apathetic intelligence.
Kenny continued, “I don’t know if both Sun Stones made it out with whoever made it out. I’m sorry. But I did get this.” Kenny extended the Orion rune to Zeck who gingerly took it and put it in Ryan’s bag. 
“Let’s go, Hawk.” 
“Yeah, you’re right, Felix. Let’s go. You came here to rescue me? And where did you learn to fly a helicopter?”
“Dad, you haven’t called me Felix since you converted. And now you’re calling Panda’s stone a Sun Stone and helping the people who jacked it from us. And you ask me where I learned to fly?”
Kenny laughed and Bulldog helped him to his feet. 
“And I didn’t come to rescue you, I was sick of waiting on the sidelines.”
Kenny and Bulldog helped Ryan up and Zeck pulled himself to his feet. As they trudged to the helicopter, Ryan turned to Kenny and managed a smile. 
“Is it possible that...” he paused, “Didn’t Columbus discover an island that he named Las Tortugas—the turtles?”



The End
###



Where does the next clue lead?
Why does Vinny know so much about Kenny?
Who is the real Friends of Zarahemla?
Who survived the cave in?


The story continues in

Tellurian Suns: Rock of Divisions

Coming Soon!



Contact me:
cameronsutter.author@gmail.com
www.facebook.com/cameron.sutter
www.myspace.com/cameron.sutter
http://cameronsutterauthor.blogspot.com
http://sites.google.com/site/telluriansuns

If you like the book, recommend it to your friends!
